  there was a demonstration in the netherlands where people waved `` gegen nazi 's '' banners . 
  the demonstration was pro-israel , though , so a public news agency cut their video 's to never show the top half of the flags so they only showed `` nazi 's '' , and of course never mentioned what the flags actually represented . 
  in my country , two of the three well-known `` far right '' anti-immigration politicians were victims of assassination attempts , one of which successful . 
  the third has thus far escaped such attempts , due to living under security 24/7 for the last decade . 
  he narrowly missed the attack in texas , though . 
  in short , your statement is false . 
  or , at least , you should consider that left wing extremists have been using this sort of violence in an organised fashion for decades . 
  not to mention , of course , the islamic extremists they are joined at the hip with . 
  or the tendency of established politics to use their political power in order to persecute critics of the immigration policy . 
  no , a lone wolf attack does n't suddenly make it more dangerous to be pro-immigration , given the structural violence anti-immigration people have been facing for * decades * . 
  they can be bothered all they like . 
  where it starts to get sketchy , is where they insist legal action is taken against people for constructing a fake gallows . 
  or even a real one , for that matter . 
  this smacks of thought-crime , and the policing of political opponents . 
  some have already left asylum seeker accommodation in the netherlands because they did n't consider it adequate . 
  apparently they plan to sleep on the streets . 
  there are innocent people in jail , in western countries , right now . 
  the system is n't perfect , and it never will be . 
  to reject the entire system because it can not perform the impossible , is silly . 
  especially if the suggestion is that not having the system would automatically be better . 
  because if we could run a better world by spending less money and effort , we 'd probably be already doing it . 
  you 're making the mistake of thinking that these are reasonable people , who perform terrorism for logical reasons . 
  but the fact of the matter is , there were plenty of terrorists * before * guantanamo bay , and plenty of them perform terrorism because they think they have a divine mandate , and not because they feel oppressed . 
  yeah , but so is everything else we do . 
  and prisons like that create terrorists and criminals because we 're putting bad apples together in a place where they can bounce their crazy thoughts off each other . 
  not because us being big meanies magically drives them to terrorism . 
  and , of course , there 's synergy at work . 
  a lot of the people in there are already radicals , which means they have experience with working in these groups . 
  and these are groups that are well-versed in organising in a clandestine fashion , as well as recruiting vulnerable members . 
  if you put all those people in the same place , it 's no wonder some of the people who were already on the fence are going to jump over . 
  but chances are good that if everyone was free , they would still have found the same people . 
  my biggest concern with the climate craze is the rejection of nuclear power . 
  i do not think it 's possible to run a country on solar and wind energy . 
  an individual home , yes . 
  and the incentive is far greater . 
  but governments seem to be allergic to this sort of citizen initiative . 
  i mean , if i could build my own home , i would . 
  but i 'm not allowed , because the government is worried that what i build will be ugly , or will not have enough windows . 
  of course , looking at belgium , they have a point . 
  but its ugly architecture is hardly killing belgium . 
  but yes , if we really do want to advance to science fiction levels of technology and solutions to global problems , we need to continue with nuclear power . 
  we need to research better variants , maintain and build our knowledge base . 
  i would be completely onboard with ditching fossil fuels , if the discussion were n't ruled by fearmongering about nuclear power . 
  well , i do n't think anyone who is arguing against immigration is against * all * immigration . 
  they are mostly arguing against mass immigration , which is exclusively from the islamic world . 
  they are also arguing against the trend in left wing politics of denouncing any criticism on the mass immigration policy as nazi windbaggery . 
  especially for the western-minded immigrants from these regions it 's important we do n't let in the people they ran away from in the first place . 
  an example : a while ago , a moroccan woman opened a wine bar in the netherlands . 
  she received death threats from muslims , and even the comment section of a news site reporting on it was filled with the facebook ranting of unintegrated , extremist immigrants who openly called her the most terrible things . 
  i do n't want those people in my country . 
  i certainly do n't want more of them . 
  so i fall into the anti-immigration camp . 
  but that does not mean i want to send people like this woman home . 
  they are the ones we welcome , and should continue to welcome . 
  that 's anecdotal evidence . 
  the statistics speak a different language . 
  and yes , they are all humans . 
  do you want to know a little secret ? 
  there are loads of humans on this planet . 
  more than 7 billion of them , and that number is rising . 
  most of those are living in worse conditions than in the west . 
  we ca n't magically accommodate them all , just because `` they are all humans '' . 
  no-one is disputing their right to have a nice life . 
  but it doesn not automatically become our responsibility because we have it better . 
  in fact , it * ca n't * be our responsibility , because we do n't have the means to provide our standard of living to everyone in the world who 's lacking it . 
  and how far does this go , anyway ? 
  how much of this responsibility reasoning are we going to have before we 're right back at [ the white man 's burden ] ( http://ocw.mit.edu/ans7870/21f/21f.027/civilization_and_barbarism/image/cb25-141_1899_judge_d_19853.png ) ? 
  the west threw poland under the bus before the war was even over . 
  oh , of course it 's that . 
  it 's not like european countries have had islamic immigrants for decades , with which we 've had a ton of problems in regards to integration . 
  see , this is my problem with the pro-immigration side of politics . 
  it 's always this appeal to emotion , and these accusations of racism . 
  you lot always dehumanize your opponents . 
  and you want me to be in favour of your policy ? 
  no , i think this sort of thought is very dangerous , and it paves the way for totalitarian rule . 
  if you honestly value western values , then you will also have to admit that we are democratic societies , and that our politics should listen to the people , and arrive at a satisfactory compromise . 
  and not shut down anyone they disagree with . 
  or , at least , do n't pretend to hold some moral high ground when you 're so ready to dismiss anyone who does not agree with you as having no empathy . 
  ironically , you not being able to put yourself in the shoes of the detractors points to * you * being the one with no empathy . 
  yeah , i would n't run towards erdogan , either . 
  funnily enough , the turkish community in this country is the most pro-erdogan of them all . 
  ok , so you were n't actually asking a question , but just bitching with question marks . 
  for reasons that make the hypothetical scenario possible . 
  what i 'm saying is , of course there is friction between europeans and turks in europe , because we have a lot of turks here . 
  if there were a lot of european in turkey , there would be frictions as well . 
  and we would be the ones saying `` turkey whines about us emigrating there '' . 
  the agenda that immigration is always good , and that the people who oppose it are doing so because they are bad , rotten people , and not because they have their own , well-motivated reasons . 
  do n't get uppity , spain . 
  in america , you 're a person of colour , too . 
  we have millions of turks living in europe . 
  how many europeans live in turkey ? 
  i 'd love to see how tolerant and respectful turks are when 50 % of istanbul consists of white europeans drinking pumpkin spice lattes , dancing terribly , and engaging in other white stereotypes . 
  yeah , and that 's just a big , ol' blanket statement that 's based on an incomplete perspective of social sciences . 
  i 'm with you on that . 
  in fact , it confuses me that a lot of people seem to think we can combine durable , environment-friendly living with an increasing world population . 
   many governments tried no , they have n't . 
  there have been a few token efforts , but on a whole this issue is nowhere near the forefront of politics . 
  that 's why it seems so disingenuous when it 's suddenly trotted out as an important reason to be in favour of mass immigration . 
   or the fact that many `` native europeans '' simply do not want children . 
  people state this like it 's set in stone .
