  in fact , i get the feeling that a lot of the problems with the current system are born from the fact that people are very far removed from the people they are supposed to be helping . 
  i mean , a few years ago the president of malawi received foreign aid to pay off the oil companies , but instead he spent it on new cars , a new plane , and sent the rest to mugabe , plunging the country into an oil crisis . 
  and the only reason i know is because i have family who were there when it happened . 
  same thing with the famine in zimbabwe . 
  i saw pictures of lines of grain trucks at the border , being refused entry . 
  it seems like a very similar system . 
  who thinks this is nuts ? 
  we 've been doing it this way for decades . 
  the point is that foreign aid is largely ineffective . 
  when you give to a corrupt government , they tend to keep it for themselves . 
  everyone assuming that every penny spent is automatically put towards making the world better is , to put it in your own words , `` putting way to much confidence in their own ideals '' . 
  let alone the moral implications of supporting governments that are actually pretty terrible . 
  and i 'm wholly tired of the constant `` oh , the humanity '' argument . 
  i never voted to be roped into a construction where the western world is supporting the majority of the people in africa , and it 's a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  as long as we give , we will be depended upon , and if we stop giving , people will starve . 
  of course , we could slowly reduce our spending on foreign aid . 
  or , god forbid , start giving the sort of aid that 's actually useful . 
  maybe start demanding some things in return . 
  who knows ? 
  but at the very least we can do something better for both parties than just straight up giving millions of euro 's to the biggest asshole in the country . 
  for instance , al shabaab 's kenyan campaign might well be funded by european nations paying millions in ransom to somali pirates . 
  and if you 'll ask people in africa yourself , you 'll find they have far more respect for the chinese and indians , because they 're actually conducting real business there , while we 're sitting on our thumbs , just handing over wads of cash like condescending pricks who refuse to engage them on an equal level . 
  no longer throwing our money away is n't the same as letting people starve . 
  but throwing our money away because it feels good for * some * people definitely is empty idealism . 
  but the real kicker is that it 's considered ineffective by everyone in the world except the people who it gives a fuzzy feeling , and the people receiving the millions ( that would be the dictators , btw ) . 
  maybe this is just a dutch thing , but everyone having the same high school experience . 
  here , you go to one of three different `` levels '' of high school ; vmbo , havo , and vwo , ranked from easiest to most difficult . 
  this massively impacts your high school experience . 
  i hear d&d stories from all over the world , including eastern europe . 
  it 's not incredibly well-known , but people certainly play it . 
  otherwise , there is always the internet . 
  you , too , can know the joys of random strangers trying to bring their weird fetishes to attention through collective storytelling . 
   `` rad , careless bunch '' oh god , did he really say this ? 
   i did n't realize that netherlands had an integration problem . 
  really ? 
  our integration problems are nearly identical to those of the rest of europe . 
  it has dominated political discourse for the last 30 years , and led to several political assassinations . 
  it 's the biggest issue in modern politics in the netherlands . 
  yes , yes , and yes . 
  many are even active in politics . 
  if you want to accuse the netherlands of anything in regards to integration , it 's perhaps being too soft . 
  immigrants were/are actively encouraged and/or enabled to stick to their home culture . 
  some left wing parties even print their campaign material in turkish and arabic . 
   why do you have to be so ugly , reddit ? 
  well , you 're posting here , for starters . 
  do n't fool yourself into thinking you 're any less partisan than the worst of the nazi 's this subreddit has to offer . 
  i have n't seen a single post by you that i 'd call moderate . 
  in fact , i do n't think i 've seen a single post by you where you * do n't * complain about other users . 
  be the change you want to see . 
  speaking for my own country , the integration of turkish people is iffy , at best . 
  they have not so much integrated , as they are causing less trouble than other groups . 
  but they still consider themselves turkish , hold turkish passports , wave turkish flags , and vote in turkish elections . 
  i would not consider them integrated . 
   overwhelmingly large telescope was cancelled , because it 's cost - $ 1.5 billion - was deemed too high so a tool of science was deemed too expensive because it costs a fraction of what my country alone gives to african dictators every year ? 
  we are throwing away our own future in service to the empty idealism of an elite few . 
  things like this , with concrete results and uses , should always take precedent over dubious feel-good politics . 
  edit : spelling . 
  quite true . 
  though i wonder if they were ever workable to begin with . 
  put in this context , it seems they were more born from feelings of guilt than anything else . 
  human rights or not , at some point it becomes impossible for a country to sustain a number of refugees and at the same time uphold human rights for the people living in said country . 
  and long before that point the consensus will turn against the ideal . 
  or the answer could well be that we 're talking about figures that are so damn high that it 's nigh-on impossible for people not used to them to deal with them . 
  you 'll often see similar outrage about a waste of hundreds of thousands as about a waste of billions . 
  i suspect the limit of rage about spending cuts off somewhere around the hundreds of thousands , and it 's all just `` a lot '' above that . 
  not surprising , of course , when that 's about the amount any regular citizen can realistically aspire to own in some form or another . 
  it 's easy to blame people for being stupid when you do n't look at the circumstances . 
  either way , 21 billion euro 's of unexpected cost is ... a lot , by any measure . 
  there is nothing wrong with being angry about that . 
  in fact , i 'd say it 's expected , and there 's something severely wrong with someone who would shrug off such an amount as meaningless . 
  they do . 
  but i suspect you do n't actually ask them , and rather just assume . 
   you want to hand eu citizens over to regimes to get some valuable information out of them . 
  you are already beyond full russia . 
  no , i propose handing criminals over to the authorities against which they committed their crimes . 
  as we already do with countless other countries . 
  nothing full russia about that . 
  denmark refuses to extradite its citizens to places where they might receive the death penalty , but they are the exception within the eu . 
  if we extradite drug dealers to the us , we should extradite terrorists to syria . 
  funny how you go full measure after that single part of my statement . 
  i 'm merely saying * why * syria would be interested in taking them . 
  the numbers are always frightening and humbling . 
  i shudder to think what the numbers for other genocides look like . 
  it 's always the swiss cheese model . 
  it 's never just one failure here or there , but a number of failures that work together . 
  but humans are binary thinkers , so we like to boil it down to one sure-fire failure that doomed the entire operation . 
  this is the part i do n't understand . 
  why does someone who committed acts of terrorism abroad have the right to return here ? 
  should n't we pick them up , and extradite them to assad 's regime ? 
  i 'm certain they 'll be pleased to have prisoners who might have valuable information . 
  we even have one of the recruiters running around the unemployment centre in my city , receiving full benefits . 
  this man committed a serious crime , yet there he is , taking full advantage of the state he openly hates !, 
  we should n't go full russia , but we are definitely too soft on terrorism . 
  i envy you for that . 
  i can not say that our system is rotten to the core , or any hyperbole like that , but it has shown enough cracks here and there for me to suspect it of a certain unfairness . 
  my great fear is simple : it is very hard to regain rights that have been given up . 
  as such , i am reluctant to give up rights , even under a trustworthy system , lest the controlling measures are removed at a later date . 
  well , my own country has the `` trias politica '' which is meant to be a seperation of powers , yet we have seen both abuse of hate speech laws , and unequal application of them . 
  simply put , i do not trust in promises made by the political establishment to not use the political establishment against the citizens . 
  they are just normal human beings with the same hunter-gatherer brain we all have .
