  race might not be the problem , but it 's certainly a factor . 
  if you deny that in favour of some political motive , then you damn well are a rape apologist , because you trivialise discussion about rape in service of your idealism . 
  you are disgusting . 
  no different from the people who let this happen . 
  i have the same problem . 
  when you get down to it , a lot of the european right wing have , in fact , very left wing values . 
  if the left had n't devolved into such petty politics , pursuing broken policy because it 's their thing and dehumanizing their opponents , i 'd probably vote left wing . 
  but these are the people who will call you a fascist for agreeing with them on everything , except for one thing . 
  well , you got me there . 
  it 's not just in recent times . 
  the left has been way more violent for decades . 
  anyway , you 're splitting hairs at this point . 
  your statement is incorrect , pretty much . 
  and now you 're narrowing definitions to such a fine point that you can disregard incidents that do not fit your narrative . 
  left wing extremist movements have consistently perpetrated violent attacks against persons and property that are completely in line with , and often surpass , those of right wing extremist movements . 
  these are n't the extremist olympics . 
  it 's ok to acknowledge that the `` side '' you agree with has done bad things . 
  it 's even ok to agree with them , as long as you do n't agree with their actions . 
  but perpetrating this sort of dishonesty feels a lot like seal of approval . 
  you have never heard of the raf ? 
  also , you are posting in / r/europe , not in / r/germany , so this is a bit of a copout . 
   at least leftists are n't firebombing refugee centers . 
  no , just executing politicians in the streets , perpetrating bombings . 
  all tame stuff . 
  well , a native french person can never commit a hate crime , because they do n't exist to begin with . 
  did he also run a rape ring that specifically targetted children of one race ? 
  oh no , wait , he did n't . 
  was he , then , part of a structural problem that affected thousands of children across the country ? 
  oh no , he was n't . 
  it 's truly astonishing how you people will * still * look away and excuse possibly one of the most horrible crimes in modern europe . 
  and frankly , this and other instances of `` progressives '' openly supporting crime when it fits into their political narrative makes me lose all faith in the left wing . 
  all we want is an acknowledgement that your idealism failed , and a desire to fix it . 
  but we 're not getting it . 
  we 're getting you people deflecting the blame . 
  but if someone here would shrug off the acts of breivik , or some other lunatic , with the same logic ( `` muslims do this all the time '' ) , you 'd be foaming at the mouth with self-righteous comments about how bad this subreddit has become . 
  yet here you are , doing it yourself . 
  you 're being a rape apologist . 
  openness is a character trait on the `` big five '' personality test that , according to some research , can be linked to creativity . 
  or is this not what they mean ? 
  either way , i do n't see how you would get more through the mailbox , unless the government starts mailing people magic mushrooms . 
  which would be government policy i 'd wholeheartedly wupport . 
  to be fair , the eta and ira are very much ethnically motivated terrorist organisations . 
  yes , france not doing anything about an internal problem ... is britain 's fault . 
  if this is the sort of person that must `` save '' france from the fn , i predict fat years for le pen . 
  syrians use it to create them . 
   is this the right place to inquire ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's the usual `` others did it , so it 's ok if my friends did it , too '' excuse . 
  but fuck me , 1 million victims ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  heads need to roll for this . 
  i 've usually seen `` rape culture '' as a progressive buzzword , but this is rape culture alright , and it 's disgusting . 
   no one goes around calling the catholic church a christian paedophile gang boy , you must have been living under a rock when the news just came out . 
  that 's exactly what people called the catholic church , and they experienced a huge drop in members . 
  maybe religion does n't * cause * this abuse , but it 's definitely a big part of it . 
  they were n't just pedophiles , they were pedophiles who targetted kaffir . 
  their victims were all white . 
  if the opposite had happened , we would be calling it a hate crime . 
  islamic culture is definitely a factor in this . 
  after all , all the other religions you mentioned do n't practice abuse on the same scale , probably including the catholic church . 
  so if multiple groups show the same outlying behaviour , and they also all have a common factor , that factor is likely important . 
  correlation might not be causation , but it sure as hell is correlation . 
  and there is a correlation between islamic culture and racist child abuse . 
  if ukip members were found to be systematically abusing muslim children , the party would be outlawed tomorrow . 
  so why is it such a problem to , at the very least , name the obvious elephant in the room ? 
  [ here ] ( https://onemansthoughts.files.wordpress.com/2010/01/mohammed.jpg ) is a more modern example . 
  the definition seems to change . 
  the european parties are socialist when socialists want to say how cool socialism is , but now they are magically not . 
  my opinion is that when people call someone far right , more often than not it 's simply a means to insult them and lump them in with nazi 's , and not actually a sound political judgement . 
  nobody actually calls themselves far left or far right . 
  they are labels imposed from outside , which was the point in the first place . 
  antifa , international socialists , or the various squatter and radical environmentalist groups . 
  for the far right , all the nazi 's and stuff . 
  that 's too bad , because i 'm only applying your own logic to a different situation . 
  no , i said greenpeace * should be * considered far left by the same people who will slap the far right label on literally anything that does not agree with them . 
  what i would consider far right is the same as what i would consider the far left : people in black clothing who wave ugly flags and constantly talk about wanting to kick heads in . 
  they 're all just football hooligans who do n't like football . 
  greenpeace was opposed to the war because it was conducted by america . 
  they are not an anti-war organisation , and it is the only war they ever actively opposed , to my knowledge . 
  being opposed to immigrants and being opposed to immigration are also two different things . 
  it differs . 
  public television is known to be fairly left-leaning , which is especially noticable in things like the popular talkshows * de wereld draait door * , but also in critical programs like * zembla * and * tegenlicht * . 
  many newspapers are also taken to be fairly left wing , with the exception of the * telegraaf * , which detractors like to claim is more like a tabloid than a real newspaper . 
  of course , while it 's not the most respectable newspaper , this is the waffling of salty people who only like to see their own politics reflected in the news . 
  they are probably all * nrc * readers , which is the newspaper that seems to have taken the place as the most pc newspaper of the country . 
  ironically , they were targetted by african-americans for being racist , because of `` insensitive '' pictures they used to illustrate an article about institutional racism in the us . 
  the * volkskrant * is often fingered as pc as well , and their name certainly elicits socialist imagery , given that it means `` the people 's newspaper '' . 
  but they do not shy away from proper criticism , or controversial opinion pieces . 
  the last big name in media is * geenstijl * , and the related * powned * . 
  they are a largely right wing , acerbic blog that produces a number of side-activities . 
  they are very influential , because they thrive on bringing controversial points to attention . 
  they are certainly hated by the more traditional people who pride themselves in being pc , because * geenstijl * and * powned * pride themselves in being the opposite of pc . 
  the header of * geenstijl * still proudly displays an insult once levelled at them . 
  its name means `` no style '' , and the name of * powned * is overtly based on gamer slang . 
  their latest achievement is campaigning for a referendum on the association treaty with ukraine ( * geenstijl * is very eurosceptic ) , which caused quite a stir . 
  so yes , some outlets are obsessed with being pc , but it is not a national policy . 
  i would say our media are characterised by the criticism they provide , and whether this is by way of the right or the left , this is the red thread . 
   being opposed to war however is not a policy of the far left but being opposed to * america * is , and that 's what happened . 
  and honestly , being opposed to immigration is n't far right . 
  it 's simply being opposed to a political policy .
