  makes me wonder how many russians and japanese we could sentence . 
  especially the japanese , they get nice and old , and they were in manchuria since the early 30 's . 
  they will be once they join schengen . 
  maybe not worthless , but even if they learned all the right things , they will have learned to work in a completely different manner than is expected here . 
  even people from eastern europe are found to have educations that do n't measure up . 
  on top of that we have a surplus of highly educated people , who * have * learned their stuff in our system . 
  someone with an outdated degree from a middle eastern country , who does n't speak the language , does n't stand a chance against that . 
  can you please quote the part of my post where i mention the cdu ? 
  the difference is , in poland it 's politics influencing the media right now . 
  while in germany politics influenced the media a long time ago , and now most of the media are aligned with the left . 
  they now choose to toe the party line without outside coersion . 
  of course , it would n't surprise me if right wing media are marginalised in a number of ways , as happens in my own country . 
   in the first case several girls were assaulted at a swimming pool i was unaware that our law counts something like this as a single incident . 
  if multiple girls were attacked , does that not constitute several seperate attacks ? 
  ah yes , another grand discussion about how western people ( but only western people ) should be ashamed of their heritage . 
  in them meantime i 'm still waiting for turks and mongolians to start showing shame for their respective genocidal empires . 
  they are also living in a dream world if they think someone with a syrian education can just go to work , here . 
  his qualifications will barely mean anything , unless he was also educated in the west . 
  so on paper there might be doctors an dentists and stuff , but in reality their level of quality will be far below that of people educated here . 
  i would say you 're correct if he had used `` the '' , as in `` islamism * is * the far right '' . 
  but in the context mentioned , i interpret it as placing emphasis on the idea that they are part of that definition while responding to someone who seems to mean that they are not . 
   i was reacting to a comment which seems to have said that only islamists were far right . 
  he merely stated that islamism is far right . 
  that 's it . 
  to me , it seemed like * you * were saying that islamism is not far right by responding to by saying `` this is patently false '' . 
  maybe i 'm meta-thinking , but the political narrative is often close to this : that only the european right can be far right , while religious conservatives from the islamic world defy that description . 
  i 've certainly never heard a left wing politician refer to islamists as far right , as they do with their fellow politicians . 
  and yes , i saw the link the first time . 
  i keep seeing people saying this , but to me it looks like rethoric to demonize the people who propose a change in policy to reduce terrorism and ( more importantly ) the political influence of islam . 
  is this actually in the isis charter ? 
  is this something they regularly preach ? 
  i normally hate it when people ask for source in lieu of an argument on reddit , but i would actually be interested in a source for this . 
  people tend to hate the people who are the most like them , but with small differences . 
  just look at ... everywhere in the world . 
  the european left excuses islamists ( far right religious conservatives ) at every turn , but they * hate * the guys who agree with them on pretty much everything except immigration . 
  catholics and protestants have hated each other for centuries , and the slogan of our freedom fighters during the 80 year war as `` rather turkish than papish '' . 
  and , of course , the sunni and shia regularly kill each other over differences that are so small that i honestly ca n't even see them . 
  no , it 's not . 
  this is not a first come , first serve thing . 
  jobbik can be far right , but islamic terrorist * also * profess traditionally far right values ( religion , social conservatism , etc. 
  etc. ) . 
  to say that they ca n't be far right because some europeans are also far right is nonsense . 
  in fact , i 'd say the islamists are * much * further right than jobbik , or any other european politician , for that matter . 
  the article is quite clear about the source : the individual telling it . 
  we have that , too . 
  but what happens to the remains , afterwards ? 
  in medieval times , we 'd just pile the bones up in what we call `` knekelhuisjes '' . 
  i 'd prefer that over being tossed in the garbage . 
  memento mori , etc. 
  the distinction between archaeology and graverobbing is quite clear . 
  the article even * mentions * the problem with graverobbing : the fact that history is lost forever . 
  meanwhile archaeology is about recording history . 
  graverobbing is the exact opposite of archaeology . 
  this is n't hard to understand . 
  that would certainly be an interesting discussion . 
  well , heads-up to anyone who approves of this scanning this thread for reactionary comments to downvote , please respond to the post above mine !, 
  oh , i 'm sorry , i thought you were being glib . 
  at any rate , i think people commonly refer to fireworks as `` fireworks '' when they have not been tampered with . 
  even when someone stuff a load of firecrackers in a jar and sets it off ( do n't do that , btw , glass is very hard to see with x-rays ) , it tends to be called a `` bomb '' . 
  so i suppose someone could get the explosives required from fireworks , but at that point they 're very much `` explosives '' and not `` fireworks '' . 
  my guess would be / r/europes . 
  op posted the same thread there , a day ago . 
  there are two posts in it , one of them his translation above , the other a post asking for it . 
  i wonder how many of them post on reddit . 
   judging from my inbox i 'm attracting internet trolls now , haha . 
  kind of ironic . 
  well , why do n't you log off reddit for a few days , and wait until it blows over . 
  the americans had an incident like this long ago . 
  the north hollywood shootout , where bank robbers used ak 's and wore homemade body armour . 
  the pistols and shotguns carried by the police did nothing against them , and the police started carrying ar-15 's as standard equipment in response . 
  by some miracle , though , no-one got killed . 
  quite a different story in europe . 
  if violent crime rises , i predict this will change . 
  our systems of law are predicated on an enlightened , western society where use of force is simply not needed , so we can afford to look at the few instances of use of force in detail . 
  fireworks * are * explosives . 
  i find it unbelievable that people will downvote you for stating a fact . 
  it 's all part of the same brew . 
  people certainly have n't forgotten , and it piles up in their minds . 
  and no doubt most people on here also have crimes in their recent memory that were n't widely reported internationally . 
  there definitely is a trend , though . 
  and people notice that . 
  that would be in the uk . 
  rotherham , oxford , etc. 
  really , i thought this was common knowledge , by now . 
   that would be completely unbelievelable in poland !, 
  of course . 
  you have , what , two muslim citizens ? 
  edit : and , proportionally , you also have very few jews . 
  that depends on if you 'd consider the european ghetto 's fortified settlements . 
  goodbye . 
   also : what can be `` much worse '' than an open call to genocide ? 
  that was one of your first posts . 
  you are conflating your own lacking memory with my intelligence . 
  goodbye . 
  kindly inflict yourself on some other poor soul . 
  your argument never changed . 
  disagreeing with you = being unintelligent . 
  that 's been the core of your entire point , and that 's pretty much the definition of being aloof . 
  and do n't forget , this all started with you accusing someone of plotting genocide on basis of a single sentence . 
  equating your political position with such qualities as being intelligent or `` good '' , it does n't really get any more awful than that .
