  that 's good to hear , at least ... that said , we defer to america in a lot of cases of international politics , and our foreign policy is very america-focused . 
  if we 're going to count the actions of individuals as the actions of the entire nation , everyone has a lot to answer for . 
  and according to the second argument , western europe should take in exactly no-one , because we already have many immigrants as well . 
  pffff , when mh17 was shot down , our prime minister awaited the response of obama before opening his own lying mouth . 
  we are firmly under america 's thumb . 
  flying sorties * against isis * . 
  that 's a bad metric to judge involvement by . 
  it 's true that there was support for the arab spring in western europe , but it mostly came from the left wing . 
  the right wing tired of this meddling long ago , and favours a less global approach to foreign policy . 
  thus , i find the argument that european nations * must * take in refugees/immigrants because of this responsibility hard to take , because the responsibility lies with the people who were already in favour of immigration in the first place . 
  they kind of get to have their cake and eat it , too . 
  and that would be fine if this would result in stopping this sort of meddling , but it wo n't . 
  the prison camps were a factor in the creation of isis , but a lot of the people in there were n't innocent cuddle muffins to begin with . 
  is that the [ spock helmet ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4gcb7.jpg ) ? 
  christ , those comments ... that 's exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  it 's a strange sort of superman syndrome , where people try to protect others from perceived threats . 
  of course , it 's a large part of these people 's ( political ) identity that they look out for the `` weaker '' members of society , and they class all muslims as being such . 
  it 's more about them and their convictions than about the muslims , i think . 
  oh , do n't worry , ( ex ) muslims who are considered `` too western '' tend to fall between shore and ship . 
  certainly you remember the moroccan woman who opened a wine bar ? 
  national news , for going against the grain . 
   before we became wealthy and developed . 
  this narrative is incorrect . 
  arranged marriages have been common among the upper classes since forever , in all societies that have them . 
  my own great grandparents were in an arranged marriage , and they were neither undeveloped nor poor . 
  i only know what you told me . 
  if your problem is that i do n't know enough about the situation , the fault is entirely yours . 
  this is useless binary thinking/arguing . 
  then again , angela merkel is turning out to be quite the eu dictator , so i guess it 's not very safe here , either . 
  i 'm not sure that / s was entirely needed , here . 
   still better than getting shot by a cop with an itchy trigger finger for taking out a cellphone while black . 
  yeah , i recall one of those cases . 
  it happened a long time ago , but there were cartoons all over the american media basically making the police out to be a bunch of racist gunmen . 
  then i saw the actual footage of the incident . 
  and the dude was holding the phone like a gun , waving it around , and it was at night . 
  it was just a clearcut case of suicide by cop . 
  but no , everyone just ran with the narrative of racist cops without thinking . 
  in other words , america 's troubles with police shootings hinge on more than just racism . 
  and furthering that narrative , and only that narrative , will not solve the problem . 
  i 'm going to assume you 're just trying to keep me going , here . 
  it 's been fun , and a good day to you . 
  this might be splitting hairs , but islamisation as a concept is not equal to islam . 
  it 's basically a term for the influence of islam on western society . 
  and that principally means , western people having to adhere to islamic rules for one reason or another . 
  none of these guys are advocating for new crusades . 
  and this leads to them being able to make their point simply by existing . 
  because the resistance towards these sorts of exhibitions basically proves their point entirely on its own . 
   `` reading comprehension . '', 
  yes , you lack it . 
  in even such a short comment , you fail utterly at it . 
  `` insult '' is a descriptive noun . 
  it 's `` a disrespectful or scornfully abusive remark or act '' , according to the oxford dictionary . 
  offended , according to the same , means `` resentful or annoyed , typically as a result of a perceived insult '' . 
  you will notice that i used the former , rather than the latter , and that i used it to describe your post , not my own feelings . 
  your post is , quite plainly , an insult according to the oxford definition . 
  this is simply a factual statement , and it reflects on your use of language , not my feelings about it . 
  your confusion is likely caused by the link between being insulted and feeling offended . 
  of course , correlation is not causation . 
  i , for one , find it very hard to feel insulted by accusations about my command of the english language when i have to explain how said language works to the party intent on causing offense . 
   `` germany is willing to help . 
  but it is not just a german challenge , but one for all of europe , '' merkel told a gathering of trade unionists . 
  `` europe must act together and take on responsibility . 
  germany ca n't shoulder this task alone . `` i find this a little hard to swallow after she declared a unilateral invitation . 
  she is one of the main catalysts in this crisis turning into what it is today , and she made those claims as the leader of germany . 
  she spoke for the country when she said that . 
  and then there were threats of cutting off eastern europe from eu funding if they did not follow * germany 's * suggestions . 
  this is what makes me sceptical of the eu and its future : these part-time eu politics , where the eu is trotted out when it 's convenient , but national policy prevails when it 's not . 
  as a small country , we 've had trouble with this outlook , and it makes me fearful of the position we would have in a federal eu . 
  we 're not trying very hard , though . 
  in fact , we 're not trying at all . 
  that 's the problem . 
  and that 's why i have such a problem with the extremists who will insist that everyone who opposes immigration is a racist/xenophobe/nazi . 
  they fail to see it in context with the smoke the left wing has been blowing up everyone 's asses in lieu of an actual integration policy . 
  our integration is failing because there is no pressure to integrate , because there is no benefit to integrating , and because people are actively discouraged from integrating by their own communities . 
  the fact of the matter is , demanding integration means being `` mean '' to a certain extent . 
  and because the debate is ruled by emotion , this is the nail in the coffin for integration . 
  especially because our immigration policies ( outside of the current crisis ) are n't based on the national interest , but also on emotion and ideology . 
  i think it 's because it has become such a bitterly political debate , that some people seem to conduct as a zero sum game , and bring all their baggage into . 
  even the people who are 100 % in the fight against global warming will let their own political bullshit get in the way of pragmatic thinking . 
  they , too , are picking the economic crisis ( for instance ) over climate change . 
  we 're at a point where a lot of the people who were n't convinced , now are . 
  but it seems petty politics trump that . 
  and as i 've said repeatedly : your stupidity does not offend me . 
  worry me , yes . 
  offend me , no . 
  and unless you 're telepathic , your entire statement is meaningless . 
  interesting tactic . 
  there 's no way i 'm going to waste more of my day by trying to respond reasonably to this wall of text that is basically just one , big personal insult . 
  for someone who complains about strawmen , you certainly use a lot of them . 
  but that sort of hypocrisy is what started this conversation in the first place . 
  reading comprehension . 
  you implying that these details somehow mark me as a dummy contributor , who 's opinion can then safely be discarded , is thought-policing . 
  especially considering that you 're basing it on nothing but my political opinion , given that your own account is nearly identical in practical terms . 
  and , of course , i 'm just arguing with some guy on the internet , so it 's a bit of a hyperbole . 
   as well as this , yes you can have your own opinions ; but do n't expect others to standby as you espouse them . 
  i will challenge extremism wherever i go , whether its from the left or the right . 
  if that offends people like you , then i could n't care less . 
  you deserve to be offended . 
  oh boy , this is rich . 
  you 're the one getting offended , here .
