  no fights , no riots , no harrassing women . 
  and that is with , according to a polish girl at the university , the `` weird '' polish we are getting . 
  that 's not to say there has n't been negative sentiment . 
  right wing and left wing alike have voiced concerns about eastern europe . 
  but the discussion is nowhere near the level of that on third world immigration . 
  yeah , except it never works the other way around . 
  for instance , parties with pacifist ideals are n't excluded from talks about the military . 
  parties with socialist ideals are n't excluded from talks about business . 
  oh , we have those people here , too . 
  but they seem to be the minority of immigrants . 
  we 've had several instances of them being harrassed by the more ... culturally pure immigrants , with the government doing ( predictably ) precisely nothing to protect them . 
  i think this is an important part in the failure of european integration : governments chosing sides - sometimes overtly - with the most extremist option . 
  it is impossible to argue with you . 
  you are an extremist . 
  immigrants = / = refugees , you rocket surgeon . 
  there are n't massive numbers of american conservatives pouring into our countries . 
  the comparison is invalid . 
  where are all the facts , then , that support mass immigration ? 
  because the examples i see , namely that kebab shops and video game developers exist , are nothing if not anecdotal . 
  one possibly biased piece of data-gathering counts as scientific research ? 
  you do n't know the first thing about science , then . 
  especially when you argue it trumps other statistics , which have been gathered in a much more robust way . 
  not to mention that this sort of `` research '' is notorious for being doctored with , from cherrypicking participants , to presenting leading questions . 
  such a report was ordered by my government a few months ago , and the number of muslims that were `` not so positive '' about israel was quite high . 
  the government decided to withhold the report , for the time being . 
   that 's nothing more than conformation bias . 
  just like presenting kebab shops and a video game developer as evidence of 100 % succesful integration ? 
  yet no response from you to the person posting a bunch of links . 
  cherry-picking , much ? 
  and do n't pretend your side is based in fact . 
  mass immigration was enacted as a policy , and where is the evidence supporting it as a sound policy ? 
  my own government even * refused * to undertake research into how much immigration costs every year , under the excuse that it was `` impossible '' . 
  it 's easy to toss away a big comment like / u/lavoisier21 's with the pithy opinion that his reasoning does n't matter , because he has no sources ( on an anonymousm , informal site , no less ! ) . 
  so where are your own ? 
  you are arguing for shaking up the status quo , so you have the burden of proof . 
  most people who fail to integrate into european culture are n't fundamentalists , either . 
  it 's not a problem of fundamentalism and terrorism , it 's a problem of culture clash of which increased fundamentalism and terrorism are the unfortunate results . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  that 's the extent of the influence of american christian extremism in our country . 
  certainly american christians do n't live in ghetto neighbourhoods , nor are responsible for large amounts of crime . 
  as a comparison , it 's purely hypothetical , because there are n't large numbers of american christians moving here . 
  we do n't need to , because they are n't coming here in droves . 
  and even the most extreme outing of american religion that is present here does nothing more than pass around flyers to come to their meeting about how harry potter is `` evil in a childfriendly jacket '' . 
  i still regret not going . 
  this post started out good , but then it got really , really bad . 
  and i mean in particular the argument that because turks started fastfood shops all over the place , integration was apparently a complete success . 
  especially when you attach some self-inflated nonsense about `` traditional european food '' onto that . 
  well , russia meddles in more places than syria . 
  point is , they 're a big force in this flavour of international politics . 
  where , then , do you propose 8 million israeli 's go ? 
  israel never `` occupied '' palestine . 
  the land belonger to britain , who used it to create the state . 
  they had received it after the first world war , because the ottomans sucked at everything . 
  and the lands you mention were all taken by the country in defensive wars . 
   cuz they are playing an active part in this crisis by arming al nusra front , thereby perpetuating this war that is displacing people , because of their percieved political goals . 
  if that 's the argument , the us should be refugee central , and the gulf states as well . 
  not to mention russia . 
   as they should have - what is your point ? 
   golan also - never gave it back right , so when is germany getting east prussia back ? 
  i am leaving now , so i can not respond in depth , or read this properly . 
  but i want to thank you for taking the effort . 
   i keep hearing this , but i never get to see examples of vilification other than of things like racism . 
  this is a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  i 've heard hardliner socialists say things like `` everything bad in the world is the fault of white people '' and `` i ca n't wait until someone nukes jerusalem '' and they 're exactly the same people who would complain about everything not fitting in with their party line being `` racist '' . 
   the idea that a slowly growing sub-group in society will be able to suddenly slam the brakes on that and dictate culture seems incredibly defeatist to me . 
  but it 's already happening . 
  the responses to the charlie hebdo attack that basically just agreed with the terrorists , and were in favour of outlawing depictions of muhammed entirely were innumerable . 
  anti-lgbt violence is on the rise all across europe , and the perpetrators are largely immigrants . 
  people are n't just making this up . 
   ah , yes , the mythical `` friends of friends '' . 
  oh yes , my account is not valid , but your personal opinion on how culture works is ? 
  please . 
  if you want facts , all you need to do is look at the statistics , because those provide undeniable proof that we are having a problem with the current immigration policy . 
  of course , unless you want to go back to the magic buzzword of `` racism '' , and claim that is responsible for all discrepencies . 
  not at all . 
  there is also a difference between dutch and italians , english and polish , swedish and spanish . 
  but those all count as `` white '' in the post i responded to , and do n't count as `` diverse '' 90 % of the time the word is used in a political/immigration context . 
  i 'm merely highlighting the hypocrisy of stating that europe is , basically , too white , while not saying anything about those other two continents . 
  we are living in times that are completely unprecedented , in a world that is overpopulated , and the policy of mass-immigration that has been pursued is a far cry from the natural migration you are comparing it to . 
  if we do look to the past , the closest comparisons are probably soviet russia settling areas with ethnic russians , ottoman policy in the balkans slightly further back , or the trans-atlantic slave trade transplanting large numbers of africans to north america . 
  none of those have had a happy ending so far . 
  i do n't think loss of culture is an unreasonable fear , given the way the debate has been going . 
  western culture has been vilified for decades in the immigration debate . 
  some people are very overt in their hostility towards western culture , and these people are also proponents of immigration . 
  it 's not unreasonable to connect the dots . 
  more to the point , people fear a ( partial ) loss of power in their countries , and it 's partly affirmed by entire neighbourhoods becomnig cultural enclaves for foreign cultures . 
  these are the people like friends of friends i heard about , who live in `` low income housing '' ( in other words , the ghetto ) and were confronted by turkish youths barring them entrance from the flat , telling them `` this is turkey now '' . 
  well , those people will not be voting left wing . 
  i wonder why people keep insisting on using this argument while we 're still not seeing a similar boom from the mass immigration policy that started in the 70 's . 
  we do n't need policy based on nothing but wishful thinking . 
  in come the posts about the current pope being sooooo progressive !, 
  an interesting post , contrasted with the people up there sniffing their own farts about `` finally some rationality in this sub '' . 
  with that they mean , of course , that their own worldview is confirmed in this guy 's presentation , and they think their worldview is the only rational one . 
  but they fell for the same journalistic tricks he was complaining about . 
  you are receiving downvotes because your argument is far from rational . 
  you 're saying people in britain can not complain about political policy , because something vaguely similar happened literal centuries ago . 
  well , then we also have our argument to deny these refugees : the conquests of the early islamic era were quite brutal , and took christian land . 
  we do n't want that to happen again , now do we ? 
  in fact , we should just take back everything that was originally christian ... 
  in short : cry some more .
