   perhaps other parties actually want to debate now and perhaps even thinking about solutions . 
  heck they might even admit we have issues . 
  in the netherlands , this is exactly what happened . 
  the level of debate we have about immigration now , was unthinkable little more than a decade ago . 
  so unthinkable , in fact , that the prominent anti-immigration politician of that time was assassinated by a left wing extremist . 
  much to the delight of other left wing extremists across the country . 
  that 's why i take it so badly that left wing extremists are in this thread complaining about populism . 
  i 've seen how this man was being vilified by supposedly respectable politicians , and it was disgusting . 
  this is no magic bullet . 
  in reality , nothing much changed . 
  immigration is still through the roof , left wing brownshirts still roam the land , and wilders still has to live under 24/7 security . 
  but at the same time , the lid has been blown off the discussion . 
  it 's actually possible to have this discussion . 
  right wing views are finally represented in the debate , and the left wing finally has to respond seriously , instead of the hooting and hollering of fascism and nazism we saw previously . 
  it 's a small change , but it 's an important one . 
  before this happened , it was practically impossible to criticise immigration and left wing policy at large . 
  to illustrate , something i recall from that time was a small segment on public television that was meant to be funny . 
  it represented stalin as an example of left wing extremism . 
  his counterpart ? 
  a centre-right dutch politician . 
  * that * is populism . 
  i find it incredible how many people want to go * back * to that era of political repression . 
  it makes it hard for me to trust left wing people with their own ideals , because many have already show , and many continue to show , that they will use the power they can gain to marginalise the expression of any other opinion than their own . 
  the left wing extremists here who complain about being marginalised , i suspect that they are simply not used to an arena of discussion where other opinions * are n't * marginalised . 
  yeah , if anti-immigration racists see immigrants as barely functional , violent animals , pro-immigration racists see them as uncle tom magical negroes from whom we must all learn the folly of our western ways . 
   am german , live an hour from the border and sometimes i cross it and enjoy some stroopwafel just to spite the dutch . 
  no , by all means continue spiting us by buying our products . 
  in fact , if you want to get us * really * mad , just shell out more cash . 
  we should give them no choice . 
  if they love russia so much , they can go live there and contribute . 
  this is following the same patterns as the riots all over europe , and even the us . 
  a piece of shit gets killed through his own fault , and then they take is an excuse to destroy property and assault people . 
  paris , stockholm , utrecht , ferguson all the exact same story . 
  and these people demand the right to live in our countries ? 
  we are being too soft . 
  we have been too soft for years . 
  it 's probably not that simple . 
  the processing centre is on kos , the manpower might not be available , the boats might be private property that the owners do n't want to give up to ferry immigration applicants , etc. 
  if it were that simple , i 'd say they should just go to those third world countries where they are treated better . 
  that 's also a slightly biased way of putting it . 
  there are more landing in kos than the island can deal with . 
  if you do n't have anything to say , do n't say anything . 
  you 're only wasting my time , and your own . 
  yes , but to prove your point about the eu 's lack of democracy . 
  our referendum was ignored , and the proposed policy snuck in through the back door . 
   rather just an emotional decision to feel good . 
  exactly . 
  this is what is wrong with modern politics . 
  the entire world moved on towards logic and reason , but politics still function just as they did 100 years ago . 
  it 's mindboggling . 
  politicians should focus on decisions that serve the national interest , provably . 
  not just whatever they think is nice at the moment , or what gets them the highest approval rate ( i 'm looking at you , merkel ) , or what some bearded guy wrote in a book ages ago . 
  not every rape or robbery makes it to this subreddit , either . 
  so now we all magically condone rape and robbery ? 
  most of our political parties are the result of older parties joining together . 
  so we used to have multiple socialist parties as well . 
  so we 'd trade migrants for migrants ? 
  and how are we going to prove migrants who landed in greece came from turkey ? 
  we 're already treating grown-ass men like children because they say they 're 14 years old when they 're obviously not . 
  european countries are easily bamboozled when it comes to immigration . 
  and over the years i 've learned not to trust samsom with anything . 
  he 's a pro-immigration politician , and he 'll try to make immigration happen as much as possible . 
  that 's not a nice thing to say about russian cuisine . 
  all of those have been posted here . 
  do n't make stuff up . 
  thanks to schengen , we share a border with the balkans . 
  or not even a border at all , in some cases . 
  in short , it 's piss-easy to drive across europe and acquire some old soviet equipment . 
  this illustrates how the eu is fuelled by wishful thinking : our gun laws were made in a time when we had strict border control . 
  but now we have restrictive gun laws with no real way of enforcing them for criminals , who have free reign to smuggle them in from just about anywhere . 
   communism has a very specific definition except that it 's so vague that communists around the world have been squabling over it for over a century , and have been failing to implement it for just as long . 
  to my surprise not the same thing as the socialist worker 's party . 
  i guess crazy comes in multiple forms . 
  those are two logical fallacies . 
  first , upgrading from pepperspray to firearms . 
  and second , implying that us statistics can be ported directly to europe . 
  switzerland also has very free gun laws , but curiously that country is never used in these examples . 
  in short , nonsensical fearmongering . 
  your second point is correct , but i do n't exactly fear pepperspray more than knives , which are very , very legal . 
  to take another example , britain is the stabbing capital of europe . 
  nobody proposes banning knives , nobody is afraid of knives . 
  i stand by my earlier point : crime is caused by criminals , and that 's where crime needs to be stopped . 
   it 's just that i think if you start allowing anyone to buy pepper spray , then all of a sudden every one is in more danger , because now the rapists have pepper spray too . 
  hey , can i tell you a little secret ? 
  criminals who have already decided to break the law do n't exactly worry about acquiring illegal pepperspray . 
  which they do , and which is used in their crimes . 
  in fact , they also often own and use pistols and even assault rifles and grenades . 
  all of which , you might have noticed , are illegal . 
  of course , most attacks are still done with knives . 
  which are n't illegal , and are impossible to make illegal , because they are the most basic tool humanity has , short of rocks and sticks . 
  come to think of it , rocks and sticks are pretty dangerous , too . 
  especially when combined in some sort of stone age voltron , commonly known as an axe or hammer . 
  the ban of pepperspray is n't what makes us safe . 
  the lack of rapists is what makes us safe . 
  if there are more rapists , we need more legal ways of defending ourselves from rapists . 
  he says after using the nonsense `` you do n't need it '' argument . 
  you do n't need the computer you 're typing on , or the home you 're living in . 
  will you give them up for the common good ? 
  no , you draw the line at the things you personally enjoy having . 
  do n't lecture others about logic , with pathetic reasoning like that .
