  and germany was all tough and demanding , then , rejecting any possibility of taking a financial hit to benefit fellow eurozone countries . 
  but now they loudly proclaim themselves to be humanitarian , and take a $ 3.3 billion hit as if it 's nothing . 
  that 's a difference of night and day . 
  and when you 've had to put your life on hold because of the incompetence of your own government and the callousness of the german government , that suddenly claim to humanitarianism must look pretty hollow . 
   also , germany age demographics looks like shit , even literally . 
  you need all hands on deck to earn your pensions i have never found this to be a good excuse for mass immigration . 
  especially concerning all the trouble and extra costs it has brought . 
  immigration ca n't earn people their pensions when it 's costing billions every year . 
  furthermore , the people were never even asked if they wanted it . 
  it just happened in the 70 's , and this excuse was dreamed up after the fact . 
  we 're also living on an overpopulated planet , and told constantly we need to keep mother nature in mind . 
  fine , but what is the single worst cause of pollution ? 
  people !, 
  so while the left wing is consistently environment-minded , they also tell us we can only solve our problems with * more people * ? 
  i 'm not swallowing that . 
  and at the same time there are no measures at all to get the native population to have more children . 
  surely that would be the first step you 'd take in the face of a population crisis , right ? 
  no , we have mass immigration in europe because left wing politics dictated it out of blind idealism 40 years ago , and just stuck with it since then . 
  the demographic argument is perhaps the weakest of them all to excuse it . 
  i have n't found a single person who is against taking in people from syria , though some do stipulate that they should only be accommodated until syria is safe to return to . 
  the meat of the discussion is centered around the boats that are launched from the libyan coast , which carry mostly sub-saharan african immigrants , not refugees . 
  and partly this is because the european left wing has for a long time conflated refugees with immigrants . 
  when i was young , it was not uncommon to refer to immigrants from morocco and turkey as `` economic refugees '' . 
  even here you will find many people who are simply unwilling to own up to the fact that many of the people coming to europe are not from war zones . 
  in fact , we have two different crises going on right now : the syrian war with its resulting refugees , and the lawlessness in libya , making that country a springboard for economic migrants . 
  the perception of neither party benefits from the overt `` benefit shopping '' many migrants/refugees seem to engage in . 
  a lot of people can understand the situation is bad in lebanon and turkey , with millions of refugees . 
  hungary ? 
  not so much . 
  this is also showing the mounting failure of the eu as ... well , a european union . 
  we live in turbulent times . 
  if that 's the argument , the us should be taking in the majority of the refugees . 
  they are n't , and there is no pressure on them to start doing so , even from people like you who use this argument . 
  if that 's the argument , the us should be taking in the majority of the refugees . 
  they are n't , and there is no pressure on them to start doing so , even from people like you who use this argument . 
  that might be because the russian government is openly supporting this sort of behaviour , whereas the ukrainian government is n't . 
  ukraine is also embroiled in a civil war , all thanks to that same russian government , after having just had a revolution . 
  to say the country is unstable would be an understatement . 
  my biggest problem with learning german would be the desire to shout every sentence as if it 's a military order . 
  spelling and grammatical errors everywhere , probably . 
  how does one look for these companies , though ? 
  are there popular german job seeker sites ? 
  yeah , if you want to convince europe that you 're no threat , proudly waving around the flag of the hellhole you are a refugee from might not be the best way of going about it . 
  edit : grammar . 
  they had several massive childrape scandals , and they did precisely nothing . 
  i think such faith in british politicians might be misplaced . 
  can i come to germany for work , then ? 
  will there be a job for me ? 
  prospects in the netherlands are dim , despite left wing politicians saying pretty much exactly the same thing you are . 
  you just could n't do it without that self-righteous barb , could you ? 
  that 's easy to say as a german . 
  but as someone from a smal country , i can tell you we go profoundly unheard in the world as a member of the eu , and other eu members ignore our wishes , and even pressure us to change our laws to match theirs . 
  when we , as a people , voice our dissatisfaction with the eu , we are ignored by our leaders and the eu alike . 
  the uk always wanted to have their cake and eat it , too , in regards to the eu . 
  he probably found it in a park . 
  come on , america . 
  nobody who was n't into politics or blindly clucking along with the party line had anything against assad . 
  a dictatorial regime ? 
  sure . 
  just like most other regimes in the region . 
  and , in fact , in the world . 
  if you abhor dictators , you had better disband your foreign office altogether . 
  tell that to australia . 
  well , volkert van der graaf is frolicking in the woods again after serving his sentence for murdering the rising star of right wing politics . 
  if we release him so quickly , what do you think we do with the rest ? 
  most criminals barely have enough time to make their beds before they 're released again . 
  well , those supporters should keep their politics out of the stadium , 
  then again , people like to throw those accusations around like they 're nothing . 
  i have n't been accused of homophobia yet , but i 've been called a racist for my political views more times than i can count . 
  very often , people who claim to be against some `` ism '' just mean they 're against people who do n't agree with their specific politics . 
  oh boy , an article about the comments on another article . 
  if that 's not serious journalism , i do n't know what is . 
   and a europe that 's not united anymore , with nationalists in power , is not something to be optimistic about . 
  neither is a `` united '' europe where sovereign nations are turned into provinces , with unelected patriarchs in power and its citizens lose what little power they have . 
  the eu is not a panacea , it is an ideal . 
  but people seem intent on putting the cart before the horse , claiming the eu will solve all our troubles , and ascribing numerous non-existent qualities to it . 
  they 've got it completely wrong . 
  the eu can only work through the idealism of people , it will not spur it on like some magic spell . 
  and when we have countries like germany , france , and the uk playing the eu like a zero sum game , while countries like my own suffer for it , i can not trust it . 
  already they try to influence our laws , our trade , our foreign policy , even our water management to our detriment . 
  in a united eu , we wo n't even be able to say `` no '' to that . 
  enough people exactly like that down to the silly headgear and the facial hair managed to create daesh . 
  people always feel the need to mention how these middle-eastern dictators were `` evil '' . 
  sure , they were by our western metrics . 
  but that western point of view also includes the self-righteous opinion that everything will magically become better if the dictator is removed . 
  and what surprises me the most is that these people who supported the arab spring railed * against * the us invasion of iraq which was , supposedly , to remove saddam hussein for similar reasons . 
  and we all know how that turned out . 
  hell , i 've personally known arab spring cheerleaders who were praising ghadaffi mere months prior . 
  it seems that the accidents have been increasing . 
  it would n't surprise me one bit if traffickers are counting on european navies to save their customers , leading them to shoving less and less seaworthy vessels into the mediterranean . 
  they 're going to run out of ships , one of these days . 
  i do n't imagine many new boats are being built in libya . 
  and when that happens , just prepare yourself for the entire eu pounding its own chest , and waffling on how its humanitarian stance got us through the crisis , while in reality we just sat it out . 
  does `` we '' also include the us ? 
  i 've seen this argument a lot of times already , but when you get down to it the eu is only the lapdog of the us . 
  so where is the us in this equation ? 
  nowhere to be seen , it seems . 
  if this is the argument for accepting all these immigrants , the us should be accepting the most of them . 
  dus het antwoord op je vraag `` do you think these people are wrong or especially cruel/self-absorbed ? '', 
  vice has been very political in its reporting .
