  the seperation of power is in theory adequate , but in practice amounts to very little . 
  of course , after charlie hebdo there were plenty of pro-terrorism cronies saying that they had gone `` too far '' . 
  even at a recent protest in the netherlands kurt westergaard 's cartoon was removed under a hate speech argument , and then later deemed ok by the judge . 
  which seems as just a loophole to remove the image and the protester from the protest . 
  the cartoon has been wellknown for years . 
  i suddenly remember that one or two days before charlie hebdo , i saw a post on 9gag which said `` we muslims can take a joke , but do n't insult our prophet . 
  or else ... '' prophetic words . 
  no pun intended . 
  then why have we already seen unequal application of these laws in eu countries , which would presumably have such a seperation of powers ? 
  i do n't agree . 
  hate speech laws make it really easy to fluff politically undesirable comments as hate speech , while the comments of people with political cachet are left alone . 
  we 've already seen it , we 're still seeing it , and we 'll continue to see it . 
  the basis of american law is n't to protect people 's feelings , but to protect their civil liberties . 
  i think that 's a good way of going about it , because people 's rights should n't be subject to the emotions of others . 
  then you would have to give an example for how coerced the individual was who gave ( or sold ) the stone to the british . 
  i do not have that information . 
  but it was never an object of the people , even less so than the paintings . 
  at least the night watch hung in a caf\u00e9 for years , but this stone has only ever been fondled by royalty . 
  the reason for the comparison is simple : they are both objects of claimed cultural worth , and both are in foreign hands . 
  the claim that in one case the procurement was coerced and in the other not is valid , but will have to be individually proven . 
  of course , the case will be made that the relation of power between colonising people and colonised people will always mean that the transaction was unfair . 
  but then the same case can be made for paintings being sold , at least in some cases . 
  say post-war sales to americans , for instance . 
  but this illustrates my previous point : it is a question of perception first and foremost . 
   talk about the ~ ~ weather ~ ~ fog and rain . 
  in terms of aid , i find most dutch people to be charitable enough . 
  our stinginess seems to translate mostly to taking pride in getting a good deal . 
  my mother says she has gotten filthy looks from people for * not * giving to some charity . 
  of course , little do they know that she gives aid directly at a tune that those armchair philanthropists would balk at . 
  which is to say , there 's definitely an amount of social status involved in giving to charity . 
   the difference is that those works are still considered legitimately procured , while we can all recognize a theft when we see it . 
  the problem is that it 's a matter of perception , not of legal fact . 
  that 's what fascinates me about these cases that drag out over centuries . 
  hence the example . 
  if the dutch people decided en masse that we now have the inalienable right to , as a nation , reclaim ownership over dutch cultural heritage , no strings attached , according to the proponents of cases like these , we would automatically gain that right through that decision . 
  for instance , if the indian party would say `` we wish to buy this stone from you '' the discussion would have different character entirely . 
  of course , we could simply choose not to charge them with any crime . 
  what if european countries say the same ? 
  wait for them to take a vacation to their homeland , spring this comment , and there you are . 
  playing hot potato with criminal dual citizens . 
  it just goes to show that dual citizenship is a crazy construction that does more harm than good . 
   legitimately procured riches this is the crux of my point . 
  at the time , and long after , it was considered legitimately procured . 
  you can apply the same logic to the paintings . 
  at the time , it was just business , but * now * we have an increased appreciation for their cultural worth , and we consider them treasures that are inseperable from our cultural heritage . 
  exactly the same argument you put forth for the diamond . 
  complaining about downvoting on a post that has n't been downvoted ? 
  check . 
  accusations of fascism ? 
  check . 
  i 'm sorry to inform you that you are suffering from sinistris extremis . 
  thankfully a self-correcting condition , as the tears produced by the patient will quickly render their keyboard unoperable . 
  i always think this is interesting . 
  on the face of it , i do acknowledge their claim . 
  but how far does it go ? 
  there are tons of paintings by dutch masters in museums all over the world . 
  how much claim do we have , as a nation , to these paintings , if this case works out ? 
  and can spain then demand all of picasso 's paintings back ? 
  just spread a rumour that those journalists print pictures of muhammed . 
  it 's worked before , it 'll work again . 
   there needs to be a complete rehaul of our democracy we need this , too . 
  every sector in the world has modernised , yet our political system is nearly a century old . 
  you need to prove your worth for every job out there , including shit like logistics ( i.e. 
  putting shit in boxes ) , but neither the politicians nor their ideals are subject to such scrutiny . 
  want a party based on a book written two centuries ago by an unemployed drunk , which in other countries has led to mass murder more often than not ? 
  go right ahead !, 
  want to make a secretary responsible for the armed forces of an entire modern , western nation ? 
  there you go !, 
  the 15 year old kid who brings you your newspaper has more accountability than the body of politics . 
  do n't worry . 
  they 'll just raise taxes to pay for it . 
  this is something i will never understand about `` green '' parties . 
  they reject the * one * possibility we have of maintaining our current lifestyle without fossil fuels . 
  i consider it to be crazy , and even dangerous . 
  because the fearmongering of the `` green '' parties might set us back by breaking the tradition of nuclear research , leading to a lack of knowledge when we need it the most . 
  this sort of thing is a prime example of why our politics absolutely need to move away from being primarily run by emotions and idealism . 
  we need realistic solutions , not the wishful thinking that characterises modern politics . 
  it 's quite frustrating , because many of us gladly support environmentalism . 
  we live on this world , after all , and want to keep it in good condition . 
  but it 's impossible to take these parties seriously . 
  especially when they complement their environmentalism with left wing radicalism . 
   and benelux regarding bicycle use . 
  first step : no hills . 
  they always do . 
  you only need two people to form a culture . 
  and a third one for that culture to have someone to pick on . 
  * * freely adapted from [ british as a second language ] ( http://www.amazon.com/british-second-language-travels-english/dp/0091900352 ), 
  i do n't see the problem with that . 
  we have a population `` bulge '' of the elderly because of the baby boom . 
  the world is massively overpopulated , and overall we need less people , not more . 
  we are no longer in a position where we can base our economy on infinite growth . 
  the world is very much becoming full . 
  at least , i do n't want to grow old in a cyberpunk hell where nature does not exist . 
  furthermore , the replacement immigration argument seems completely silly compared to the people we are importing . 
  we are only importing middle eastern muslims . 
  in my country , white south africans , probably the population in the world closest to us culturally , have a hell of a time immigrating . 
  similarly we also are n't attracting any chinese , who 's country considers itself so overpopulated that they have enacted measures against it . 
  similarly , indians , of whom there are more than 1 billion . 
  and that 's disregarding the fact that european governments are doing * nothing * to encourage the people already living here to have children . 
  i 'd like to have kids one day .
