  i 'll go even more petty : wim kok added a quarter guilder tax to fuel because the cabinet had screwed up its finances . 
  the decision was never rolled back , and we have some of the most expensive fuel in the world . 
  all due to taxes . 
  do you think a government will easily give up surveillance laws ? 
  hell , if they wait long enough , they might even find the citizens defending it for them . 
  yes , remove their ports !, 
  they do n't deserve them !, 
  yeah , we already have a word for that : warzone . 
  you 're skirting around the facts . 
  no-go area is a concept created to describe highly criminal area 's with a cultural background that differs from the rest of the country , and is enforced by the locals . 
  i know someone who used to live in such an area , and it is not pleasant living . 
  like i said , a no-go area is n't a place you ca n't physically go . 
  it 's a place you do n't go , because you 're only putting yourself at unneeded risk . 
  you 're just stretching the definition until it becomes something else entirely . 
  unless there are riots , as there were in paris , of course . 
  then those no-go areas start to resemble actual warzones real quick . 
  no , the all-time low is the self-righteous people who constantly complain about the state of the subreddit . 
  this is an anonymous internet board . 
  this is just a guy saying something . 
  there is no rule that states everything you say * must * be supported by some source . 
  and personally , i find the people who cry for a source at every single post they do n't like extremely annoying . 
  they add nothing to the discussion . 
  in another thread , i was discussing with / u/shamalamdindong about `` no-go areas '' . 
  i asked what he defined as a `` no-go area '' , given that he claims they do not exist . 
  he would n't give me a simple definition , let alone a source for his claims . 
  yet here he 's asking for a source for a personal anecdote . 
  he 's being downvoted because he made a stupid , inflammatory comment . 
  let alone one that 's playing the old chestnut of crying about anti-islamic sentiment in the wake of a terrorist attack . 
  in fact , i checked the hugbox board / r/europes the night of the attack , and what i predicted turned out to be true : there was no discussion of the attack itself , but only the hugboxers patting each other on the back about how racist the rest of the world is . 
  one of them even called for antifa action in the wake of the attack . 
  to suppress the right wing violence that he thought was inevitable , despite it never actually having happened . 
  true , he was downvoted , but i saw no proclamations about how the subreddit had gone to hell because of this extremist loner , as i so often see the same people do here . 
  in short , you might like it there more than here , if you want to moan about how bad reddit is . 
  could you please stop pretending that you do n't know what a hyperbole is ? 
  it serves no point but to frustrate the discussion , and if you have nothing to say , just do n't . 
   workers who helped rebuild france can we just stop repeating this bullshit ? 
  the wave of islamic labour immigrants came in the 70 's . 
  that 's at least 25 years after the end of wwii . 
  a quarter century . 
  these guys did n't rebuild shit . 
  that was actually the native population , and i 'm tired of this borderline racist rethoric that says europeans basically sat on their asses after wwii and let immigrants do the hard work . 
  no , you will find that europeans rebuilt their own homes and countries , and that the immigrants only came afterwards . 
  you know , when the economy and infrastructure had recovered and we could * afford * labour migration . 
  sure , there may have been one or two here and there , but not enough to pin rebuilding europe in islamic immigrants . 
  in short , it 's bullshit . 
  i find it pretty scary how people can just shift a quarter century of such recent history . 
  and it 's pretty insulting to the people who actually did the work . 
  again , soft definitions . 
  you are challenging this concept , so be clear in what it is that you 're challenging . 
   the problem at hand is , that the ` enemy soldiers ' are eu citizens , not some foreign force . 
  in fact , they are both . 
  so what is your definition of a `` no-go zone '' ? 
  because physically , you can go anywhere . 
  i get the feeling that people who deny `` no-go zones '' exist are missing the entire point . 
  it does n't mean you will get killed 100 % of the time , it means that simply being there is unsafe . 
  that 's it . 
  and there are definitely area 's in europe where that is true . 
  oh , do n't worry , the european commission has already argued to reduce the rights of eu citizens , because surely that will stop terrorism . 
  in the netherlands , a cartoonist was arrested because he insulted god/islam . 
  so yes , i 'm pretty damn sure we can arrest people for no fucking reason at all . 
  i find it hard to understand this disconnect . 
  we have plenty of similar cases , where people have been arrested and imprisoned for saying things . 
  even things as trivial as a drunken tweet . 
  but when someone suggest doing the same to the people who are rubbing shoulders with jihadism , it becomes difficult ? 
  now , the justice in such decisions is up for discussion . 
  the precedent is not . 
  we have grounds to put people like this in jail , because we 've done it countless times before to non-muslims for the same reasons . 
  i 'd rather we not , because i think it 's damn stupid to put people in jail for things they say , but there you have it . 
  but pinning this on the eurosceptics is very low , i have to say . 
  i do not think the eu would have stopped this , and there is no indication that it would have . 
  but the eu * has * announced that it wants to decrease the gun rights of european citizens ... for some reason . 
  personally , i 'm really sick of how governments will tell us not to lose our heads after terrorist attacks , and how we can not demand less immigration , for instance , but then immediately grab more power for themselves . 
  it makes me far more eurosceptical , to say the least . 
  and i find it infuriating how people will speak of rights , but then shrug when rights are taken away from a group they do n't care about . 
   but because our christian focus-group lives in a humanistic and secular environment and aligns to this standard . 
  correction : they are * forced * to align to this standard . 
  no bible-thumping christian said `` nonbelievers should have the right to insult god '' or `` gays should just be allowed to marry '' . 
  the netherlands has been at the forefront of progressive society , and even here the christians had to be forced every step of the way . 
  we were the first country to legalize gay marriage , in 2001 , which seems awfully recent . 
  and even then it only happened because the christians had lost power in the cabinet , and were unable to oppose it . 
  which they had done for years . 
  a few years ago , cartoonist gregorius nekschot was arrested . 
  the charge ? 
  of course , he was * really * arrested for making nasty cartoons about islam , bot for insulting the christian god , but that makes it all the more worrying . 
  the problem with islam is really simple : while the left wing forced christianity to adapt to modern times , they plainly refuse to do so in the case of islam . 
  constantly there are excuses , exceptions , special provisions , you name it . 
  islam is spared all of the scorn christianity received for exactly the same behaviour . 
  well , ok , not exactly . 
  with the exception of the troubles , there were no christian terrorists . 
  this is the only way we will see a powerful , moderate islam in europe that exists seperately from the salafist nightmare that is the islamic world : we must force it into existence , and keep forcing it until muslims have internalized progressive values , as western christians and the right wing have . 
  but it wo n't happen . 
  nobody in politics has the balls , and those that do are either stupid or crazy , and in all cases shunned by the apologists . 
  there is nothing here i disagree with . 
  i did n't say we should stop doing it entirely . 
  just that the way we 're doing it now is fucked . 
  i suppose i did make an emotional point in my initial post , which might have seemed a little partisan . 
  my anger is more about the money being wasted , than what it is being wasted on . 
  i do feel it 's being wasted on developmental aid because it has this automatic `` helping people '' shield with which to deflect criticism . 
  personally , i 'm a proponent of direct aid . 
  people should spend their own money directly , no longer relying on a large controlling force to do it for you .
