  maybe there was some sense in this when immigration was a new thing , but as the number of immigrants increases , the unfairness becomes more apparant to more people . 
  and in the end you do have to wonder , how can you fight racism by perpetrating it against an `` acceptable target '' ? 
  i have a similar story about my ex . 
  she used to live in a shitty ( read : immigrant ) neighbourhood . 
  brilliant city planners put the mosque next to the supermarket , because muslims like to do their shopping after service ( another example of the consideration natives never get ) , so she had to plan around not being able to go shopping friday in order to dodge harrassment . 
  she described mini-versions of the cologne molestation gangs . 
  young boys would assault women , and their older brothers were present to intimidate women who fought back . 
  they only assaulted native women , of course . 
  but what did the local cop stop her for ? 
  for looking at him funny . 
  the sexual harrasment ? 
  not important . 
  immigrant youth bothering old people ? 
  let it go . 
  a young woman looking at you funny ? 
  beware of the law !, 
  and , of course , this all erodes the respect for police and law that native europeans have that makes our `` soft '' systems possible . 
  these selective politics might doom us all . 
  what you have to understand is that this is the result of a new law that makes it easier for the people to ask for a referendum . 
  it 's the first implementation of this law , and the vote was organised by anti-establishment website geenstijl . 
  they are as notoriously eurosceptic as established politics are europhoric , so it was a given that they would target the eu , especially given that our * last * referendum was about the eu . 
  this referendum is as much about our internal politics as it is about the eu . 
  in fact , it 's about everything * but * the point it 's putting to the vote . 
  the initial reception of it was , of course , very typical of established politics : they hated it , and want to spend as little attention on it as they can , giving it the silent treatment . 
  one way they are doing this is by reducing the amount of voting locations , ostensibly because of costs and a low expected turnout , but the latter is not supported by the turnout of our previous referendum . 
  the argument about costs is also fairly weak , given how few referenda we have . 
  but this plays right into the hand of geenstijl , because one of the points is to basically showcase that our politics are aloof and unconcerned with the opinion and welfare of `` the common man '' . 
  the other target is , of course , the eu . 
  i do n't think anyone expects the association treaty to stop in its tracks because of the referendum , and that 's exactly the point . 
  eurosceptics see the eu as an undemocratic entity that only exists to further the personal interests of a happy few , and them ignoring a possible `` no '' will reaffirm that . 
  the beauty is , geenstijl does not need a `` no '' to prove their point . 
  the reactions of politics at large - domestic and eu alike - have already shown that even the possibility of people voting `` no '' makes a lot of politicians very , very nervous . 
  as an actor in our political landscape they have always been about uncovering truths and affecting paradigm shifts , and this fits right into their modus operandi . 
  the uk example alone refutes any point you were trying to make about ethnicity . 
  now you are just desperately scrambling to not have to look at the elephant in the room . 
  and if you want to talk the problem , * that * is what you will have to admit to yourself . 
  he did not say he was going to remove them . 
  that is simply your interpretation of it . 
  and we ca n't convict a man or call him racist just because that 's your interpretation . 
  wilders asked at a rally `` do you want more or less moroccans ? 
  '' , to which the crowd responded `` less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  '' , and wilders answered `` we 'll take care of that ! '', 
  what / u/pimmeh is saying is basically a flatout lie . 
  in context with our political debate , it 's relatively mild , and the outrage is mostly drummed up by people who * already * dislike wilders , and are just looking for ammunition to use against him . 
  for instance , one of the opponents of fortuyn basically called him `` subhuman '' and i believe some people even openly wished for him to be assassinated . 
  i also recall merkel referring to people opposed to immigration as `` brownshirts '' or something similar , not to long ago . 
  and we all know that insulting the right wing as nazi 's is common practice among the european left . 
  even in context with moroccans , years ago we had a politician of the pvda ( the labour party ) who used a racial slur to describe them when he thought he could not be heard . 
  sure enough , there was some minor upheaval , but he was not proscecuted , he was not sacked from the party , and no-one refused to work with the pvda on those grounds . 
  the pvv is often the target of this holier-than-thou hypocrisy because they are not seen as `` respectable '' because of their political stance ( that is to say , they are anti-immigration ) . 
  even before this statement of wilders these parties were not keen on working with him , for exactly that reason . 
  it 's a selffulfilling prophecy . 
  because they do not consider the pvv respectable , they try to catch them on anything that fits that narrative , where this would be ignored for established `` respectable '' parties . 
  maybe this is a simplistic attitude , but i would demand that the largest parties form the cabinet , period . 
  that way the majority of the voters are represented , and we do n't see weird situations where we get a cabinet that is not representative of the voters . 
  do n't get along ? 
  tough shit , politics are about compromise . 
  so compromise . 
  the few people they arrested in cologne had , what , six different ethnicities between them ? 
  seven ? 
  in the uk , one of the gangs was pakistani , and another somali . 
  not even the same race , nor the same continent of origin . 
  want to hazard a guess as to what they all had in common ? 
  that 's up to them . 
  they are being extremist because it 's the path of least resistance . 
  it has been shown to work for others , so they do it as well . 
  looks like the antifa brigade is picking up steam . 
  well said . 
  you are the one who is deluded , my friend . 
  this news is 6 years old , by now . 
  have you been living under a rock ? 
  because of course aboutaleb represents all western politicians , and he definitely is n't an outlier who gets told to fuck off by his own community / s, 
  he said there were islamic rape gangs , and there were . 
  he was mocked for it , but rotherham , cologne , etc. 
  prove him right . 
  this is indisputable fact . 
  maybe close the fucking church ? 
  of course , when the muslims went full jihad and started attacking people , the politicians said that we should be respectful of their wishes . 
  why should the same tactic not work for the right ? 
  western politics encourage this behaviour . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i would argue that all spots are filled already . 
  in fact , they have been filled years ago . 
  they can go ask somewhere else . 
  i hear china , russia , and the us have a lot of room . 
  that 's what we 've been saying for years . 
  but no , we were radicals , racists , fascists , and anything else these snobs could throw at us . 
  and now the `` muslamic rayguns '' guy turned out to be right . 
  what a world . 
  and anyone who poses with soviet flags . 
  we should also find everyone responsible for the complete refusal to enforce our already existing laws , and proscecute them for their incompetence . 
  fair enough , though i 'm not sure if that theory holds up . 
  well , you are clearly accustomed to different numbers than i am . 
  maybe the definitions we encountered differed , or the populations to which they were applied . 
  good thinking . 
  jewish guns do +2 damage against muslims . 
  ah , so by proxy we have solved the attack on foreigners in cologne : the foreigners provoked the attackers !, 
  with their skin colour !,
