  because otherwise moroccans would mistake your for ... a woman , and you would come into contact with their cultural view on women . 
  which is n't all too nice . 
  so do you now lack empathy for women ? 
  by your own logic , you do . 
   and here you are already reading what you want to read : where did i call anybody a nazi ? 
  i 'll call pvvers evil , idiot and misguided . 
  but not `` nazi 's '' , not least because i write in proper english and do n't use apostrophes to form a plural , as greengrocers and dutch-speakers are prone to do . 
   and you clearly do n't know the meaning of the word `` logic '' . 
  and this is basically just one big insult , not an argument . 
  insults are not arguments , but i guess that 's hard for you to understand . 
  if you call people literally `` evil '' for voting a certain party , that 's pretty much synonymous to calling them a `` nazi '' , because no-one who actually uses the word means to invoke political ideology . 
  no-one who calls a pvv voter a `` nazi '' is afraid they 'll start building more highways . 
  no , the * point * is that you ca n't discuss someone 's political views without , in effect , dehumanizing them , as you have so kindly proven here . 
  and this hampers the discussion , and weakens any point you might have about being offended by someone 's speech . 
  after all , your offense is informed by pre-established opinions , and not internal logic . 
  oh , and if you 're going to be a grammar nazi , you should know that text between quotation marks is being quoted . 
   i 'm not left-wing or even remotely communist , and yet i know my wwii history well enough to know that the `` burning houses to the ground thing '' was mostly performed by the air forces of the western allies . 
  you have never heard of the sack of berlin ? 
  at any rate , that 's not really the point , is it ? 
  the point is that i could just as easily read that intent in your insults as you read a similar intent in wilders ' words , and then claim to be threatened because of it . 
  so a referendum about the eu expanding its sphere of influence is not about the eu ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  at any rate , it 's a vote . 
  people can vote for * any * reason they like . 
  and the people voting are n't ruining your rights , it 's the people who are afraid of the popular vote . 
  it 's a difficult vote . 
  i 'm not glad that the issues * actually * being put to the vote conflate with ukraine , but at the same time this is an extremely rare oppertunity in the netherlands , and given how unhappy the powers that be are with it , we might not get another one . 
  in fact , the last vote of this kind was more than ten years ago . 
  in principal , i 'm against expanding the eu for a variety of reasons . 
  i simply do not think it 's tenable . 
  and frankly that has much less to do with ukraine than with the eu . 
  you 're in a difficult situation , and i recognize that . 
  in fact , that 's why i 'm on the fence in the first place . 
  if this was another country , that did not have your troubles , and did not achieve what you guys achieved , i would n't even have to think about it . 
  so we 're juggling national , international , and eu interests all on one vote . 
  i damn well wish the vote was on another issue , and if geenstijl had waited maybe a month , it probably would have been . 
  i 'm still on the fence . 
  maybe i will mail some eu representatives , and see what they have to say on the matter . 
  `` mail your representative '' has always been an american slogan , but maybe we should do it a little more , too . 
  please point out in that sentence where he says he will commit genocide . 
  you 're exhibiting the perfect example of the extremist hysterics that make politics so difficult . 
  you 're reading what you want to read in what he said . 
  you have actively chosen to be offended . 
  going by your logic , everyone who calls pvv voters nazi 's ( that would be you ) * also * wants to burn their houses to the ground and rape them en masse , because after all that 's the punishment the communists ( also left wing ) enacted on the germans . 
  do you see my point ? 
   open call to genocide ? 
  ( citation needed ) see , i can be glib , too . 
  as i 've explained in another post , this referendum is much more about our political system than it is about ukraine . 
  all this poorly directed anger over us exercising our democratic rights is part of the problem with the political system . 
  in context of the eu it 's another example of the supposed `` union '' falling apart the moment there 's some dissent in the ranks , which some people in the eu want to combat by removing the option to dissent in the first place . 
  this referendum is the eu being put to the test . 
  and it 's been failing . 
  what do my beliefs about racism have to do with pointing out the trend of accusing people of being nazi 's in lieu of actual political discussion ? 
  which is why juncker is promising a continent-spannig crisis if we vote `` no '' ? 
  people are already impressed by it , and it has n't even happened yet !, 
  this attitude is exactly the problem , and it 's hard to believe that you ca n't see you 're playing into geenstijl 's hand . 
  a legal , non-binding referendum is making people like you nervous , while it should n't . 
   if you consider that `` relatively mild '' , then clearly nobody has ever told you they wanted less of you . 
  you 'd be wrong . 
  that 's the crux of the entire problem . 
  i can recall concerned leftists saying * much * worse things , and them never being proscecuted . 
  yeah , fuck us for being a democratic nation , having a non-binding referendum that very likely wo n't influence this deal at all ( but that * will * influence our internal politics , which have nothing to do with you ) . 
  i was on the fence , but the way both the eu and the ukrainians on reddit have responded to this ( that is to say , hysterically ) are nudging me towards a `` no '' . 
  you say that , but at the same time the left has been branding everyone they do n't like as a nazi . 
  you guys are n't exactly innocent , here . 
  edit : aaaaaand i just saw a response where you accuse israel of apartheid . 
  so your complaints might be more feels than reals . 
  edit2 : this is the post that has been removed above . 
  normally i would n't do this , but the original poster wants to continue the discussion below , so there you go . 
   he wants to ban the koran . 
   so much for `` freedom '' ...  here is the thing :  europe always tries to whitewash the most crazy of xenophobes and most fanatical muslim-haters . 
  even the old neo-nazi sweden democrats gets glorified here , and that is really fucking creepy . 
   so is this the case with wilders too ? 
   is it true this time , that he is n't crazy , or is it just / europe doing its thing again ? 
   because of how / europe normally behaves , i dont know what to believe now . 
  damn well anything , if you have already decided to read things into it that you want to . 
  maybe he 'll convert them all to christianity so they 'll depart this sinful world during the rapture , leaving us all behind . 
  but you 've already taken the step to call the voters of a legitimate political party in our democratic system `` extremists '' in a nice bit of circular logic : they are extremists because they want wilders to send all moroccans home , and wilders * must * mean to send them all home because he is talking to extremists . 
  and you did it without thinking , too . 
  and the point stands . 
  you 're insisting that * your * interpretation is what makes it offensive . 
  but it just does n't work that way . 
  for all the talk left wing politics have about implementing policy that is n't popular , but is needed , they seem to be very allergic to it in reality . 
  and really , they would only be mass deportations because we 've had mass immigration . 
  aside from simply removing offenders , i 'd pursue a policy of discouraging non-western culture . 
  i think we 'd see many people either emigrate on their own accord , or gradually embrace western culture . 
  but it wo n't magically happen on its own . 
  what i 'm afraid of is that people will normalize this for europe , too . 
  we 've already had `` progressive '' women say that other women should view sexual harrassment as `` compliments '' . 
  i guess we do agree after all . 
   the police wo n't do anything unless something serious happens but then your girlfriends life been ruined . 
  this is emblamatic for the dual measures enforced in our countries . 
  i 've read countless of articled of natives being detained for crimes like that , or even lesser . 
  in the uk they jailed people for insensitive tweets and `` racistly revving their engine '' . 
  and then we had a minor discussion , here , about what to do about moroccan men hissing at women . 
  yes , they hiss at young women as a form of sexual harrassment . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  sometimes i feel like a nazi propagandist , simply when telling the truth . 
  but people debated that you ca n't make it illegal , but judging by people being taken in for similar acts , * it already is * . 
  the current system places a burden of responsibility on the native citizen to square himself away for the immigrant .
