  just as these girls provoked their attackers with their vagina 's !, 
  but we have the answer : burqa 's . 
  for everyone . 
  you ca n't discriminate what you ca n't see !, 
  but in all seriousness , the people who propagate these attitudes need to be fired , and groups like this should be arrested en masse . 
  the costs for doing so should be applied directly to the immigration policy which is , after all , the cause of this . 
  that , as we say in the netherlands , hits like a pair of pliers on a pig . 
  we 're not talking about the individual experiences of refugees ( or , as is the case for the vast majority , migrants ) , but of the relevance of the example as a modern day comparison , and i say it is not relevant for the reasons mentioned . 
  ugh , and of course it 's written by a dutchman . 
  the eurozealotry in my country is really something else . 
  puzzling , seeing as we get very little for it in return . 
  i do n't think eastern prussia applies even remotely as an example . 
  not only is it a very long time ago , but germany at that time was a broken country used as a de facto colony by two superpowers . 
  it 's not so much germany that has experience with large numbers of refugees , but the us and the ussr , who are also the people who kicked them off their land in the first place . 
  the reason they were murdered en masse by the nazi 's is because they represented the moderate and `` volkische '' side of the nazi ideal . 
  do n't forget that the sa headman was openly homosexual . 
  the sa also consisted for a good deal of people who had fought in the freikorpsen against the communist revolution of 1919 . 
  condemning the sa as singularly evil and idiotic is just as stupid as praising them without question . 
  groups like the sa were a thing of the politics of the past , and the communists certainly had similar groups ( and still do , if you count the antifa and international socialists ) . 
  i would n't be thrilled to see them return , but they did n't spring up out of nothing , and neither were they mindless automatons marching in lockstep with hitler . 
  he 's getting downvoted because he implies that a bunch of random thugs attacking people constitutes a * direct * link to right wing politics . 
  it 's especially dishonest because these attacks are part of a problem caused by left wing politics , not right wing politics . 
  aside from that , the problem is easy to identify with . 
  personally , i vote for parties that i consider to not be part of established politics , in order to get people into the system who are not part of the `` company culture '' of modern western politics . 
  their presence also forces established politics to react , in order to not lose votes . 
   if the rape gangs were `` alienated from society '' , what 's the excuse of the racist pricks who attack non-whites ? 
  that 's his point . 
  if that excuse works for immigrant criminals , it * also * works for native criminals . 
  so everyone who has been excusing the disproportionate numbers of immigrants who commits crime with `` poverty and alienation '' should have the same reaction to these assaults . 
  and it 's the absolute low point of his career , if you ask me . 
  obama has been arguing the emotional point when it comes to gun control , and it 's the absolute worst way to argue any political point . 
  i do n't think america 's gun policy is particularly good , but obama has no right to attack it , if all he can bring to the discussion are tears . 
  of course , american law will forcefully eject him from his position soon enough . 
  yeah , it tells you that the counterprotest is organised by people who have a much bigger pool of manpower to draw on . 
  that does n't automatically mean that their pool of manpower is direct representation of their public support . 
  and no , i would n't say it 's more representative than a reddit discussion . 
  it 's a lot like a reddit discussion in real life : a bunch of people angrily screaming at each other from diametrically opposed sides , who would probably share pictures of kittens in any other setting . 
   nothing to your point of counter protests being left wing extremists anymore ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  left wing extremism is simply the norm for counterprotests against the right wing . 
  as i said , i used to know some of these people . 
  they were not concerned moderates . 
  but we did share pictures of kittens . 
  youtube still warns you that they might be offensive , though . 
  let 's see if they do that with [ the life of brian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuu9yh7_-t8 ) , a controversial movie that satirizes christ . 
  nope . 
  or [ that performance of madonna ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jvk3u2gpsq ) that was also quite controversial among christians . 
  nope . 
  it 's not even the warning that bothers me . 
  at least i do n't have to sign in . 
  it 's the typical marching in lockstep with the extremist opinion that these cartoons are offensive . 
  because they did n't use to be . 
  it took the imam who sparked this entire `` discussion '' two years to stir up shit in the most extremist corners of the islamic world . 
  and the people who he tried to agitate did n't even think the jyllands posten cartoons were offensive enough to go full terrorist over . 
  no , he had to make up his own offensive cartoons to move them to action . 
  but now , a couple of years later , everyone pretends like this has always been a problem , rather than one that was stirred up later . 
  my father used to be an anti-gay marriage , global warming denying conservative . 
  he 's much more liberal , now . 
  people can change , they just need a little help . 
  this all comes down to logistics and power . 
  the number of people at a demonstration does not reflect how much of the public actually agrees with them , which is my entire point . 
  it was a response to your point of the internet not reflecting the public 's opinion . 
  well , neither do demonstrations . 
  yeah , that 's my point . 
  / u/lebenisverrueckt is equating the demonstrations of left wing extremists with the public sentiment . 
  but in reality these are `` professional malcontents '' who have a lifetime of experience demonstrating , and a robust social network to help them with that . 
  not to mention that established politics generally turn a blind eye to them because they are sympathetic to their goals . 
  i used to know some people who belonged to such a group . 
  they certainly do not represent the public sentiment , and i 'd like to see any right wing group get away with what they got away with ( squatting , assault , arson , etc. ) . 
  funnily enough they were just as antisemetic as the right wing is often made out to be . 
  well , of course it would n't have worked . 
  with the knife he would have reach * beyond * arm 's length . 
   then we have this idiot vice prime minister who started to cry because they decided to implement temporary border controlls . 
  i swear , sometimes sweden is such a parody of itself , it 's hard to believe . 
  basing national policy on emotions needs to stop . 
  a grown person who starts crying because they do not get their way should be forcefully ejected from politics . 
  the causes are the same : a foreign cultural enclave that sees the host culture as free game . 
  germany will have its own rotherham before long , if this is not countered . 
  do n't let organised political radicals fool you about pubil sentiments . 
  we could reject them all . 
  but we do n't , because immigration has been at the forefront of the policy of several powerful parties for decades . 
  it 's an ideological issue , not a practical one . 
   it 's likely that he 's a french national as if that means anything , these days . 
  we have reams of people with european passports , but a middle eastern cultural mindset . 
  functionally , it 's the same . 
  immigrants sexually assaulting native women in racially motivated attacks , while the authorities look away and even blame the victims . 
  this coming from the guy who ca n't even manage to use proper capitalisation and punctuation . 
  you insult me , and then complain i do not respond to it civilly ? 
  you were the one to throw the first stone , do n't complain about it after the fact . 
  i simply gave my opinions , and * you * decided that i 'm some sort of subhuman not worth of treating with respect for it . 
  you are the hypocrite , here . 
  and sadly , i find it very typical for people of your political persuasion . 
  it 's groupthink at its finest . 
  you could have had a civil discussion with someone who does not hold the same ideals . 
  you decided not to have one , possibly because your tiny brain can not accommodate another viewpoint . 
  but do n't expect me to pick between your insults for a coherent point to respond to . 
   ah yes when you have nothing to say just call the other guy an idiot this is rich !, 
  your last post was nothing * but * you calling me an idiot , and this one if a poorly worded repeat of it !, 
  the insults i can take , but do you really not see the hypocrisy of attaching this little barb to a post that does nothing but call me an idiot ? 
  you know what the thing about being insulted is ?
