i would be open to offer shelter to an unaccompanied minor easy , there , berlusconi . 
  well , i guess it 's just a speech exhibition now . 
  the sinister side of me always wonders if it 'll work the other way . 
  what if there were an even more dangerous movement that believed the polar opposite , and it got involved in this ? 
  they would contact the exhibition , and they 'd say they 'd definitely attack if the artwork was n't shown . 
  would the police lobby to include it , out of concerns for public safety ? 
  can we ensure individual freedom for all , by terrorizing all who threaten it ? 
  interesting . 
  i 've seen this referred to as `` white atheist syndrome '' , because as a rule it 's white atheists speaking for non-white religious people . 
  a problem i have with left wing racism is that they often fail to acknowledge culture , and ascribe a western world-view to non-western people . 
  in fact , they will often argue that non-western people who do something are always motivated by pure logic , from a western perspective . 
  this comes back to the same reduction of agency you mention , because these tend to be arguments like `` of course they commit terrorism , because they * have no choice * with the us interfering with their country '' . 
  i 'm fairly privileged , in that i have first hand experience with ( sub-sahara ) africa , and know people who have * far more * first hand experience . 
  when i hear someone reduce the continent to some paternalistic platitude ( `` education will solve everything '' ) , i can only shake my head . 
  even more so now that africans themselves are plainly saying they are sick of it . 
  very well . 
  you are right , in that regard . 
  i do not think it is a waste , but i see what you mean . 
  i do not agree . 
  for all we know , the exact opposite might happen . 
  the agreement will pass , and people will grow more in favour of democratic reforms , given that the referendum was ineffective . 
  there is already precedent for this , with the referendum on the eu constitution . 
  this referendum can be seen as a direct response to the results of that one . 
  as for responsibility , i do not see the problem . 
  if we are allowed to do this , but only in ways that the political elite already agrees on , it 's not very valuable from the start . 
  which decisions should these referenda be used for , then ? 
  do n't be dense . 
  the point was to compare costs . 
  and if an entire , country-wide referendum costs as much as some amsterdam politician fucking up , it 's not very expensive in context with the costs involved in politics . 
  pffft , you ought to follow the advice your username gives . 
  you 're a right diva when you 're hungry . 
   what is your point ? 
  my point is as i said . 
  representative democracy made this possible in the first place . 
  there were no protests , there were no riots . 
  there were parties elected by the people who said , and agreed with each other , that it would be beneficial to give the people more options to exercise their democratic rights . 
  and that 's what you 're seeing right now . 
  this referendum is the direct result of representative democracy . 
  it 's meant to put your statement about 30 million euro 's into perspective . 
  the same amount was wasted by an individual politician on a city council , and she was n't even fired . 
  in context of a national economy , 30 million euro 's is peanuts . 
  amounts like that are being pissed away across the country on things that are far less significant , yet i see no complaint from you . 
  in fact , you plainly admit you did n't even know about this example . 
  your argument is populist and weak , is what i 'm saying . 
  in fact , it 's no real argument , because our laws plainly give us the right to this referendum , so a complaint about the cost is moot from the get-go . 
  idiotic posts like this are n't giving me much faith in the eu , to be honest . 
  we have * one * referendum about an eu decision , and suddenly you people start to smear our entire country ? 
  i 'm sorry our referendum laws bother you , romania . 
  the sheer , uncomplicated , ignorant * anger * a lot of you show over this is ridiculous . 
  is this what you want the eu to be like ? 
  to devolve into an accusatory bitchfest the moment it 's questioned ? 
  if you 're going to bring out the nazi argument , you should also note that our political leaders of the time brutally slashed military spending to the absolute minimum , to the point where our soldiers did not have ammunition , and their equipment was severely outdated . 
  the exact same thing is happening now . 
  yet our politicians , just like back then , want to `` sit on the first row for a dime '' , as we say in the netherlands . 
  they are seeing the writing on the wall , so not all our tanks have been sold . 
  we now have slightly more than a dozen , versus russia 's thousands . 
  you saw how well we can stand up to russia after mh17 . 
  not only is this not a real argument , it shows a real lack of understanding of what the marshallplan really was . 
  and you might also have noticed that the us and the ussr were staring at each other across a border in germany . 
  the us was acting very much in its own interests in regard to how it acted towards us after wwii . 
  if you want to resort to hollow sentimentalism , at least try to get the facts right . 
  it 's always going to be `` taking it out '' on someone . 
  one of the large complaints about the eu is its rapid expansion , especially towards countries that might not fit very well in the eu ( the greek nightmare still is n't over , either ) . 
  another large complaint is the lack of democracy involved in eu policy . 
  this strikes at both of those complaints . 
  and frankly , i find the comments here extremely worrying . 
  this is only a referendum , not rejection itself . 
  yet people are acting like it 's the end of the world , and throwing around some crazy arguments . 
  people are getting ahead of themselves , and thereby showing exactly the problem this referendum is meant to touch upon . 
  i 'm constantly reminded of erdogan 's words : `` democracy is like a train . 
  when you reach your destination , you step out '' . 
  trust in representative democracy has been going down for years , and this is an expression of that . 
  the system itself was introduced to alleviate exactly that concern . 
  and now it 's being used , people get annoyed , because it 's being used for the `` wrong '' thing . 
  will there ever be a right application , then ? 
  of course , dutch people who disagree can vote in favour of the treaty with the ukraine on the referendum . 
  non-dutch people who disagree , can appeal to their own governments . 
  that is , if they do n't also think * that * is a wrong application of democracy . 
  in that case they can vote for parties they think will keep their best interests in mind during their next elections . 
  you are free to emigrate . 
   when we 've long established in europe that we prefer representative democracy . 
  who are `` we '' ? 
  i was n't asked . 
  but the laws that make this referendum possible are recent , and were introduced by that same representative democracy . 
  so which was first ? 
  the chicken , or the egg ? 
   a waste of 30 million euros is . 
  exactly the same amount fatima elatik made disappear in the muzyq affair . 
  so , in essence , it 's a bargain . 
  i think you 'll find that left wing communist regimes committed far more crimes than right wing nationalist ones . 
  this illustrates a real problem i have with the political left : an unwillingness to admit the failings of their ideology , while at the same time mis-attributing all sorts of positive changes to it . 
  yes , the left did give us comprehensive healthcare , for instance . 
  it also gave us a reduced influence of religion ( which it 's now swiftly turning back on ) . 
  but the left certainly did not give us the current period of peace . 
  that was purely the result of the two superpowers ( one of which was left wing ) squaring off in a hair-trigger situation that could have turned all of europe into an irradiated hellscape in the blink of an eye . 
  no , i find this to be a very na\u00efve worldview . 
  do you want to know a little secret ? 
  politics is about compromise . 
  you seem quite clearly incapable of it , openly admitting your fear those `` on the other side '' ( that is , the right ) , and in the same post lamenting that the right fears those `` on the other side '' . 
  you want the world to come together , but you see people who are virtually identical to you almost as being from another planet for the politics they support .
