  people who consider those with different opinions an `` enemy '' they do n't want to compromise with are the `` far '' whatever . 
  i 've met quite a few socialists ( real socialists ) who might not have been exclusively pro-immigration , but felt very strongly about it . 
  and i do recall pim fortuyn , who did not fit that definition , but who was pigeonholed relentlessly because part of his idealism was a rejection of multiculturalism . 
  the man who shot him definitely was far left , of course . 
  even `` progressive '' and `` conservative '' seem to be inadequate , and both ideals exist in equal measures among both sides . 
  and what is even conservative , when we have a progressive tradition dating back almost half a century ? 
  yeah , and in order to pay into that system , people need to work , which is why they are against spending too much money on people who do not work , and would rather force them to work . 
  but the point was , you say that forcing people on benefits to work means we do not live in a free society . 
  but you can say the same thing about forcing people to pay taxes , regardless of what they 're being used for . 
  which is what a lot of people say , in fact . 
  then the far right consists of violent neo nazi 's , who also do n't have political parties . 
  which is exactly my point . 
  if greenpeace were based on right wing idealism , it would be considered far right . 
  like i said in my other post , the supposed `` far right '' parties actually champion traditionally left wing ideals . 
  but that is what these people also say about being forced to pay taxes in order to provide for the benefits of others . 
  then the far right is also not the far right . 
  many `` far right '' parties champion very left wing policy . 
  at the same time the traditional left wing parties are very often found to support conservative , religious , traditionally right wing people . 
  but this is kind of my point . 
  the spotlight is on the `` far right '' , but the moment i say `` far left '' , the definitions start to shift . 
  when you get down to it , right wing and left wing mostly boils down to against or in favour of immigration , these days . 
  i do not disagree , i am merely stating where this feeling is coming from . 
  i have been unemployed , and i have worked minimum wage at a shitty job . 
  i much preferred being unemployed . 
  the only reason to work rather than sit on benefits when you ca n't expect better than minimum wage , is some sort of internal drive to be responsible and work . 
  a desire to uphold the system , if you will . 
  these people expect that drive from others , and want it to be enforced . 
  it is not jealousy . 
  after all , the same system is open to them . 
  well , if we start broadening the search in a similar fashion as looking at the populations of villages with 45 inahbitants , i 'm sure they do . 
  surely there is some neighbourhood , village , or apartment building where 90 % of the people vote socialist . 
  after all , the party is popular enough to have provided the current president of france . 
  that 's plainly not true . 
  our current shadow-pm spent time with greenpeace , an activist group committing illegal activities . 
  a right wing equivalent would be considered `` far right '' . 
  the socialist party is a large force in politics , here , with much popular support . 
  the current president of france is a socialist from the socialist party . 
  what you say is simply not true . 
  the money paid to these pirates will go to fund boko haram , who will commit more terrorism as a result . 
  paying these ransoms is counter-productive , and harmful to the victims of boko haram . 
  it 's only propaganda when you do n't like it . 
  otherwise , it 's news . 
  what you are missing is that when you are unemployed and on benefits , you 're not having to spend your days at a job you hate where you might be laid off for little to no reason . 
  personally , i favour the carrot rather than the stick . 
  but the way it is here , being on benefits can actually be a lot more comfortable than being on minimum wage . 
  naturally , this breeds resentment , and the parties that traditionally stood up for workers ' rights have stopped doing so for a large part , leaving those voters to go to the right wing . 
  there is constantly this narrative where right wing voters must rush to defend * why * they vote right wing , as if it 's something shameful . 
  where are the articles about the populations that vote 90 % socialist ? 
  is there some hidden government policy that says sweden must become a stereotype of itself ? 
  do they aim to become a comedian superpower ? 
  i choose to be anti-palestinian because the palestinian narrative is openly hateful against literally everything i care about , and they are plainly not interested in a two-state solution . 
  more over , i believe israel and israeli 's have the right to exist , while most pro-palestinian people i 've known have been openly antisemitic , and expressed hope for the total destruction of israel . 
  labelling all criticism as `` anti-intellectual '' and similarly emotional terms is a big factor in the regressive left . 
  the same problem as with rotherham and similar cases . 
  i think it 's about time to start proscecuting police officers who sweep these things under the rug for political concerns . 
   what kind of refugees are that ? 
  migrants . 
   just because of a few incidents doesnt mean millioms of people havent assimilated . 
  this is honestly a pretty nonsensical statement . 
  first off , these are n't incidents . 
  they are structural occurances with a common cause . 
  and being structural as they are , they betray a larger problem . 
  no , not every muslim is a terrorist . 
  but vast numbers of muslims hold opinions that are identical , or extremely close , to those of the terrorists . 
  and at the end of the day multiculturalism and mass-immigration are political policies , and are increasingly rejected by the electorate . 
  but its proponents try every trick in the book to not have to give up on their policy . 
  our problem is not just with the failure of multiculturalism , but with the failure of the democratic process as a whole . 
  politicians opposing this policy have been threatened , proscecuted , attacked , and killed . 
  that 's my source . 
  if you want to continue with this policy , it 's about time that your side starts justifying why it 's a good policy , because very many of us simply do not agree with you . 
  and the irish still carry that stigma . 
  no-one complains about that . 
  likewise , i have a south african friends . 
  you would n't believe how often people allude to him killing or oppressing blacks . 
  despite , you know , the exact opposite happening in south africa right now , and exactly none of the supposedly anti-racist people giving a hoot . 
  it 's my experience that the people who complain so loudly about racism in the western world are astoundingly hypocrite , and motivated by political idealism first , and altruism ... not at all , really . 
  whenever someone is accused of racism these days , my first instinct is to think he must have said something that the other party has no smart response to . 
  at my local unemployment centre , there is a known isis recruiter just walking around , mingling with people . 
   but the numbers still stand that we should not only be looking at islamic terrorism ** if you already have stringent immigration requirements that keep islamic terrorists out ** american-style immigration is literally all most european right-wing voters want . 
  since the 70 's we 've had mass-immigration , to the point where some european countries have a 5 % islamic population . 
  that 's why i feel comparisons like this are unfair . 
  the muslim population in the us is absolutely tiny , and cherrypicked from the best the muslim world has to offer . 
  at the same time the right wing population is * massive * . 
  and both kill in equal numbers . 
  that 's quite worrying . 
  and that 's just terrorism . 
  here in europe we have plenty of violence involving immigrants that is n't classified as terrorism , but falls in the same general ballpark . 
  take the rotherham case and similar cases ( ugh ) . 
  not terrorism , definitely muslim hate crimes against white , western people . 
  the list goes on and on . 
  everyone has personal examples . 
   especially your criticism on her helping the victims of the dutch ` police actions ' in former dutch indonesia is shameful : we have wronged the people living there back then tremendously during the period 1947-1949 , including the mass executions of civilians . 
  the problem i have with this attitude towards the police actions is that it is one-sided . 
  what we perpetrated , the nationalists perpetrated tenfold , against dutch and natives who did not agree with them alike . 
  they murdered entire villages , and tortured people for fun . 
  but does anyone suggest that the victims of this deserve compensation ? 
  no , never . 
  the focus is always firmly on us . 
  it is a political issue , not one of justice and compensation . 
  personally , the suggestion that this one-sided obsession is motivated by altruism pisses me off .
