  i suppose this had to happen one day , and it 's no real surprise it should happen in the country that imprisons the most journalists in the world . 
  not that i approve . 
  but it was going to happen to vice sooner or later . 
  what i 'm wondering about is , what after daesh is defeated by ground war ? 
  prolonged insurgency ? 
  that 's almost a given . 
  iraq goes back to its flimsy government , but who will rule syria ? 
  the fsa ? 
  yeah , i 'm sure that 'll go well . 
  will the kurds get their own state ? 
  probably not , because turkey . 
  signing on to defeat daesh is only half the trouble , and even that is more than most hollowed-out european armies will be able to manage . 
  international press , international news . 
  no surprise , really . 
   sounds like the netherlands is stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  in more ways than one . 
  the eu debate is also very divisive for politics in our country . 
  especially when you see things like pro-repression politicians openly stating that we should ban softdrugs because france/germany want us to , or people like dijsselbloem holding dual positions in the dutch state and the european parliament . 
  this leads very much to the perception that to support the eu , is to work against your own national interests . 
  yeah , to use sankt pauli as a representation of german football fans is dishonest , to say the least . 
  as a club , they are more defined by their political nature than anything else . 
  apparently , they do . 
  the stereotype was just your typical petty anglo butthurt . 
  just look at how many unflattering sayings the english have about us . 
  i 'm uncomfortable with either leading the eu , but i 'd take germany over france . 
  france is markedly more insular than germany . 
  of course , both countries do n't play nice towards us . 
  germany works on its water infrastructure with zero regard for us and , you know , the potential and ever-present problem of flooding . 
  france is known for frustrating our trade . 
  both apply ridiculous pressure on us to step down on softdrugs because they do n't like the idea of their own citizens freely crossing our border - due to a treaty * they * had hands in creating - to buy weed here . 
  as someone from a small country , this makes me fairly euro-sceptical . 
  i ca n't trust in a european union that takes everyone 's best interests to heart , when seeing how european solidarity only comes into play when it benefits the large countries in power . 
  especially as one of the earliest founder nations . 
  you 'd think we 'd have proven ourselves to the eu , by now . 
   i appreciate you jumped back onto your main account to back yourself up here alright , i stopped reading here . 
  i do n't know what kind of illness it is you people have that leads you to accuse anyone who disagrees with you of brigading , but it 's damn tiresome . 
  i guess it 's just some kind of protective measure to keep that one synapse you call a brain from overheating . 
  i do n't know about brabant , but i noticed the sp is also huge in limburg , so i 'm wondering if it might be down to economical issues , among other things . 
  most people tend not to vote out of pure hatred , i think . 
  in the end , i do n't like the rethoric i was arguing against because it 's counter-productive for everyone involved . 
  look man , if you 're going to react to people 's questions with condescending remarks and exactly zero answers to their questions , maybe * you * are the cunt , here . 
  i mean , if he 's so dense as to not understand it , surely it ca n't be * that * hard to actually fucking explain it , right ? 
  of course , then we might get into the issue of foisting guilt upon the current populace for decades-old political decisions they had no say in whatsoever , but hey , at least we 'd be getting somewhere . 
   you 're entire argument , like those of the bigots , is treating all these people as the same you 've got this backwards , and nowhere in my post do i say anything close to this . 
  i thought you were better than this . 
  in fact , i see it much the other way around . 
  pro-immigration people painting all immigrants with the same brush . 
  which leads to them sometimes supporting the absolute worst of the bunch . 
   and if they dislike other cultures , slut shame , etc , then yes - they 're bigots . 
  this is basically the crux of a lot of apprehension about mass immigration in eu countries . 
  look , i 've already explained it to someone else , but you 're getting it wrong . 
  just look at my post . 
  look at the sentence i 'm quoting . 
  that 's what i 'm responding to . 
  i 'm refuting someone 's point that basically all anti-immigration voters live in areas with no immigrants . 
  the facts do not support that statement , and it 's basically meaningless populism that rejects the concerns of voters based on ... exactly nothing at all . 
  i 'm not trying to argue the opposite . 
  i 'm arguing that / u/nilpferdschaf is wrong in his assumption . 
  well , my point was that the argument that it 's only xenophobic provincials who hate immigration is n't true . 
  hence the use of the example . 
  rotterdam sticks out because it was one of the places where the pvv was * most * popular , despite fitting the image of the multicultural city . 
  i do n't think the implication is that far-fetched , given the trouble we already have in europe with integration of immigrants . 
  australia , on a whole , has been much tougher on immigration than europe , so i would say your perception has been coloured by that . 
  we 've been really open to immigration , and it 's lead to some cultural chafing . 
  people can adapt , sure , but it 's not a flawless process . 
  and sometimes they simply do n't want to . 
  there 's also the question of the host culture adapting to immigrant cultures , which to an extent is also happening in europe , either by choice or by a top-down process . 
  that latter one also causes a lot of chafing . 
  i just do n't think it 's fair to call someone with legitimate , and legitimately motivated , concerns a bigot . 
  to take the ball and run with it , does it also work the other way around ? 
  we have many immigrants who dislike our culture , specifically its sexual and religious liberalism . 
  are they also bigots ? 
  personally , i think so , and then it might even become a concerns of wanting to keep bigots out . 
  it 's weird how much importance people sometimes put in their political `` side '' , and sometimes it makes discussion impossible . 
  worse , it makes it easier for anyone who 's trying to be reasonable to just be a total nazi/commie the next time . 
  i 'm just not getting the point you 're trying to make . 
   ` because their culture is different they should n't come here ' on the face of it , i 'd say that 's a valid argument if it 's backed up by reasoning that goes beyond `` i just do n't like it '' . 
  for instance , by pointing out the problems with integration . 
  then again , `` i just do n't like it '' seems to be enough of a reason for a lot of * other * things to be subject to the vote in our political system ( gay marriage , drug laws , just to name a few ) , so in the end that 's also down to the way the system works . 
  try holding left wing opinions on one point , but right wing opinions on another . 
  great fun . 
  and by `` fun '' , i mean `` pain in the ass '' . 
   it would change the demographics of jordan too much is this jordan 's official stance ? 
  regardless , one would expect people from literally the next country over to assimilate quite easily into the general population . 
  yes , and ? 
  oh , i thought you were naming dutch politicians , because the other two are dutch and verhofstadt is flemish . 
  it 's a rather common mistake people tend to make , and wholly understandable . 
  there are plenty of examples of similar actions by either left wing groups of people that aren never labelled terrorism . 
  my point is that suddenly labelling a similar action by a right wing group ( or , well , assumed to be , as there have n't been any arrests or claims ) is dishonest , and only stops being so if similar rules are applied to left wing attacks . 
  but instead all of you are now falling over the accusation of left wing terrorism , rather than getting that my point is that arson and vandalism are n't automatically terrorism because you happen to hate the people doing it . 
  for the same reason some of them have risked swimming to britain , or why they crawl onto trucks to get there , despite already being in the eu . 
  the fact that the journey is dangerous does n't mean they are spurred on by a greater danger . 
  that 's just not how people work . 
  it 's a risk-reward question , and people take massive risks for calculated rewards all the time . 
   meh , it 's about as impressive as me knowing who guy verhofstadt , mark rutte or alexander pechtold are . 
  well , i do have to point out guy verhofstadt is belgian . 
  that 's not the argument you were making . 
  well , the xenophobia argument is just the other side of the same coin . 
  my point is , accusing people of xenophobia in order to disregard their political opinion is n't sound politics , or even a sound argument outside of politics . 
  if they * are * xenophobic , surely they 'll have stupid things to say that can be refuted directly .
