  you 're the one who 's posting single-sentence comments about how awful it is that other people have different opinions , without actually engaging these opinions . 
  you 're not challenging extremism , you 're perpetrating it . 
  and i 'm sorry , but you do n't offend me . 
  that 's just a fantasy on your part . 
  a projection , maybe , that others must hate you as much as you hate them . 
  the statement speaks for itself : an acknowledgement that in a discussion , some people do n't deserve the same rights as others . 
   many readers think they 're `` awake '' while everyone else are sheeple . 
  yeah . 
  in this country , it 's fashionable to shit on one , particular newspaper for being a `` right wing tabloid '' . 
  there are several other newspapers that have a clear left wing bias , but the people complaining will just act like that bias does n't exist . 
  it would n't be so annoying if they did n't act like they are intellectual for avoiding `` propaganda '' , and then turn around to praise papers that are biased in a way they like . 
  nice thought-policing , too . 
  your account is barely older than mine , and you post almost exclusively in / r/europe , too . 
  your extremism is going to your head . 
  it 's honestly scary how you find excuses to dismiss others in literally everything . 
  but do n't you know ? 
  this sub is a stormfront ... front , and everyone who posts here who is n't calling others nazi 's , is a nazi . 
  no tolerance for intolerance !, 
  nice brigading , btw . 
   does n't matter where they come from you do n't know a whole lot about the medical profession . 
  it matters a great deal where they come from . 
  or rather , where they were educated . 
  your `` racist '' doctor probably has more problems with the education system , than with the actual people . 
  claims like this are why people do n't take accusations of racism as seriously anymore . 
  you need to apply occam 's razor before you kneejerk into calling something or someone `` racist '' . 
  if you hate generalisations so much , stop making them in every thread . 
  i was n't wrong , was i ? 
  i 'll agree with this the moment you can actively form a white power student society . 
  but you ca n't , so apparently it 's the policy to ban insane knobheads who preach violence on basis of ... well , nothing at all . 
  so the same should be done with these guys . 
  policy should be equal to all . 
  of course he 's missing the point . 
  getting the point would get in the way of the daily circlejerk in any thread that does not conform to their ideology . 
  can you idiots not even read a simple sentence ? 
  not you . 
  one of the other `` this sub is nazi 's '' circlejerkers in the thread above this one . 
   incredibly eager to generalise massive groups of people together like declaring everyone in a subreddit being of one political colour or even , like one of your circlejerking friends up there , nazi 's ? 
  yeah , you 're totally not guilty of that ... 
  but they are n't terribly liberal , either . 
  this is anecdotal , but when i was in lisbon , i noticed one thing : i do not see any muslims in the streets , save for a scant few . 
  and they seem to be from portugal 's african ex-colonies . 
  i looked at the numbers , and portugal has a lot less islamic citizens than other european countries . 
  it seems portugal never practiced left-wing mass immigration . 
  as such , it does not surprise me there is much integration in portugal . 
  it 's simple : with such a low number of immigrants from a disparate culture , they * have * to integrate , because there is no possibility of hanging out in a cultural enclave . 
  which is the problem we see in the rest of europe , with high immigration numbers . 
  less immigrants will always lead to better integration . 
  username checks out . 
  obviously racist fascists who want to get rid of the immigrants . 
  true . 
  but i 've seen people from radfem circles seriously argue for a suspension of civil rights of men accused of rape . 
  and those loudmouth arguments are often the ones that are passed around as being representative of their `` side '' . 
  so i imagine at least a portion of the people who are wary of these suggestions might have come across them . 
   a ) he might be the son or grandson of immigrants . 
  migration to germany has been going on for decades . 
  we tend to call those `` second/third generation immigrants '' . 
  culturally , they are still immigrants . 
  in the netherlands , most even have dual citizenship of the country their parents/grandparents emigrated from . 
  i think calling someone like that an immigrant is fair . 
  certainly they are the * result * of immigration . 
   b ) it 's also quite likely he came over well before the current wave of immigration . 
  quite likely indeed . 
  but this reputation of sexual assault has also existed for longer than that . 
   i 'm saying this because op is arguing that this wave of immigration is the cause of this heinous crime , and more immigration will lead to a proliferation of it because these immigrants are predisposed to child abuse or something . 
  which is instrumentalising this crime for bullshit xenophobic agendas . 
  hmm , well , i see it in line with the same argument that was already being used in anti-immigration rethoric . 
  it 's nothing new , at least . 
   and people complain that feminists are bullshitting when they say people need to believe rape victims more . 
  i think the crux in that complaint is the implication of believing them without evidence . 
  some people argue adopting policy that basically makes accused rapists guilty until proven innocent , which is kind of scary . 
  what makes these cases so infuriating is that there were mountains of evidence . 
  like , you know , bleeding from just being raped . 
  and that combined with the immense scale , and the structural , racist targetting of young victims . 
   it 's just that the instrumentalisation of this for an anti-migrant agenda is bullshit . 
  that 's an unfortunate sentence in your argument , because if there 's one thing we * can * tell from the perpetrator 's description , it 's that he 's an immigrant . 
  it 's on file that it happened in the rotherham/oxford/etc . 
  cases . 
  and also cases of girls walking into the police office - one of them even * bleeding * from her vagina - and being turned away . 
  if you ask me , heads should roll . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , all officers involved are complicit in mass child rape . 
  but everyone is staying where they are . 
  race = / = culture . 
  and this is why accusations of racism have no place in these discussions . 
  at least bother getting it right . 
  this is the sort of argument that turns `` racism '' into a cheap buzzword people start using when they ca n't think of anything else . 
  iran used to be pretty modern , and has its own weird flavour of fundamentalism . 
  of course , lgbt people and women exist everywhere , so these movements are literally everywhere . 
  for instance , iran performs as many gender reassignment surgeries as the rest of the world combined . 
  because someone decided that transgenderism is real , but only if you 're mtf . 
  because you ca n't move `` up '' in society , because it 'd piss off allah . 
  it 's highly probably a lot of gay men go through with this surgery , because it means being sort of accepted , low on the totem pole , instead of being hanged . 
  you sound american too . 
  i guess elton john really * is * king of the gays . 
  yes , that 's exactly it . 
  as evidenced by your outright refusal to respond to my latest post . 
  you 're looking for an enemy to fight . 
  well , good luck with that . 
  the point i was trying to make went completely over your head , and now you 're arguing against something i did n't say . 
  what i mean by `` club '' is the people surrounding , for instance , one particular imam . 
  that is not the same as arguing to outlaw the * entire * religion .
