  what are they supposed to think of you , then ? 
   the main talking point of 70 % the right is '' x is not going well because immigrants '' you had a good post , and i do think it 's unfairly downvoted , but this endcap really shows you are not managing to wrap your head around the problems we are seeing . 
  it 's a shame that you should say this after what i can only call a well-reasoned , civilised argument . 
  it gives the image that you want to see the right as a boorish , bigoted horde . 
  and if you view things that way , then proper discussion will be very hard . 
  it continues to surprise me how this news came and went without any large scandal . 
  you 'd expect people to be sacked over such disfunctional policy . 
  i understand the sentiment . 
  the left murdered pim fortuyn , so now they can deal with wilders . 
  i have no sympathy for their self-righteous handwringing . 
  they could have had a well-spoken , educated , nuanced opponent , but they treated him like shit on the sole of your shoe . 
  geert wilders is the punishment for their hubris . 
  always this narrative of guilt associated with the far right . 
  no , the far right has continually sprung up despite left wing attempts to repress it , often violently . 
  two of the three figureheads of the far right in the netherlands were the targets of assassination attempts , one of which succesful . 
  nevermind the constant harrassment tactics employed by the elite . 
  they exist because there is a mismatch between the electorate and the representatives . 
  and the sooner the established parties realize this , remember that they 're supposed to be governing democratic countries , and take steps to alleviate these complaints , the sooner the far right will disappear . 
  but they do n't . 
  instead they continue with their emotional narrative , as the problems become larger , and larger , and larger . 
  the law should do its goddamn job , and arrest the offenders . 
  ugh , and these are the people who - even today - claim to have the moral high ground . 
  if a right wing group produced such pamphlets , they would all be arrested , and left wing extremists here ( the ones who are claiming we 're all from stormfront ) would classify it as `` terrorism '' . 
  but this scum can do this , and get away with it . 
   the hospital administration should be ~ ~ ashamed ~ ~ ** fired ** . 
  things like this are why i have trouble with the narrative that these guys will magically find jobs at an academic level , and contribute to society . 
  in fact , the entire immigration discussion is ruled by unrealistic claims . 
  if the objective is to house refugees because they have nowhere else to go , fine . 
  that 's a solid argument . 
  but these rosey predictions about how these guys are super-people who will seamlessly integrate , and improve our society just by being here ( again , magically ) , it 's just not how things work . 
  it 's nonsense . 
  but reject this nonsense , and some people act like you are rejecting * any * discussion on immigration , which conveniently lets them reject any discussion on immigration . 
  this is where we should be hard . 
  this home is your responsibility , and if it gets filthy or things break , there will be costs involved . 
  if you can not shoulder this responsibility , you are not suited to live in our society . 
  if these people can not integrate enough to literally clean up after themselves , they will not integrate at all , and they should not be granted permanent residency . 
  many of the second and third generation immigrants lead `` sinful '' lives . 
  that does n't mean they integrate well , though . 
  i once even met a homeless berber man who proudly proclaimed `` i am muslim ! '', 
  before taking another swig from his bargain basement beer . 
  if you 're going to make that as a factual statement , you 're going to have to motivate it as such . 
  right now , this is just your opinion . 
  which i 'm 100 % sure is based on your ideological agenda . 
  to reason like that would go against the post-war european tradition , though . 
  and given that eastern-europe is positively enlightened compared to the middle east and africa , it would certainly invite more unfavourable views of them . 
  a lot of other people have already mentioned a few good reasons . 
  but i have one that seems to have gone unmentioned . 
  the discourse on this topic is counterproductive , and hinges more on emotional discussion than factual discussion . 
  at best , people trot out facts to support what they already feel , sometimes even failing to see a blatant bias . 
  i do not think the current solution is a good one , and the response you get from some people are simple statements that you are `` disgusting '' . 
  if i see a post that uses this word , i now skip it as a rule . 
  they never have anything useful to say . 
  more to the point , i do not think people who argue like this , by dehumanizing their opponents , are capable of rational discourse and compromise . 
  i 've seen similar behaviour from the political elite , and i have a similar lack of trust in them because of this . 
  it basically locks off one type of policy ( immigration ) to any influence from the people who are n't 100 % in favour of it . 
  which , to me , sounds ridiculous . 
  and in terms of the quota 's , i simply believe it 's an empty decision . 
  i can not be for or against it , because i had no choice in the first place . 
  i certainly do n't think it 's good for europe , because it 's part of a larger debate that people who do n't like it are constantly avoiding . 
  well , yes . 
  but that 's because you have an ideological agenda . 
  if the same numbers were refluffed in some different way , you 'd probably pop your monocle at them . 
  that 's what communism does to countries , sadly . 
   you people are so quick to be offended . 
  you 're the one responding to every comment in this string with idiotic , single-sentence posts . 
  i hate to break this to you , but you 're the one who 's offended , here . 
  in other words , a 25 % increase in the total muslim population within europe . 
  huh , does n't sound so insignificant now , does it ? 
  it 's a slow process . 
  one which will likely be damaged by the difficult relations between eastern and western europe . 
   one month old account this from an account that is one day old , and the only post of which is this one . 
  looks like this officer of the thought police does n't want his own tactics used against him . 
  how convenient . 
  and we can all be sure he wo n't use this account to brigade left wing extremist posts , of course ... 
  yeah , that 's completely insane . 
  it shows how ridiculous our politics are . 
  how the fuck are we going to tackle global warming when the people who are at the forefront of fighting it want to shut down probably the best way of generating power without greenhouse gasses ? 
  nevermind the loss of knowledge and stagnation of development we 'll get if we stop using nuclear power . 
  it all comes back to my main problem with politics : emotion . 
  we 're ruled by emotion . 
  the environment , the refugee crisis , the situation with greece , when it comes down to it , the important decisions are all made with feelings instead of rationality . 
  exactly the opposite of what we want . 
  when people do wave around numbers and statistics , it 's only to support what their feelings already decided . 
   but apparently there 's something in it for her in this outcome . 
  a nice , cozy position in the eu , away from pesky things such as direct democracy . 
  fair enough . 
  just remember , this is the internet , and we 're all idiots on the internet . 
  i really do n't like this sort of historical argument that a population must constantly pay penance for the past crimes of their ancestors . 
  having an imperialistic legacy does not preclude europeans from talking about imperialism , however stupid their opinions . 
  otherwise americans can also never talk about slavery or genocide . 
  it 's a cheap way of clamping down on the debate . 
  and that 's all . 
  i agree with the rest . 
  though i do think it was hyperbole . 
  that 's how i read it , anyway . 
  it 's a hyperbole . 
  people like calling america an empire because of its imperialistic tendencies . 
  i can see where it 's coming from , because from the other side ( that is to say , from a small country in america 's sphere of influence , like mine ) it really does look like you 're some sort of vassal state . 
  when our newspapers brag about our king being allowed a whole * 20 minutes * with obama , and using that time to thank the us for stepping in on wwii , it 's hard to not think our relationship is kind of ridiculous . 
  we 're crucial ?
