  what will i need to have kids ? 
  a house and financial security . 
  the two things the government has completely neglected and/or reduced over the last few years . 
  not to mention that housing large numbers of migrants will have a negative effect on this . 
  if replacement immigration is the argument , we are going about it entirely the wrong way . 
  instead of enacting a policy where we attract people from suitable populations to come here , we seem to only favour people who are culturally so different that we already have massive problems with them , and none of the projected gains have materialized . 
  it 's almost as if the replacement immigration argument was thought up after the fact to excuse a policy that was already in place . 
  it does n't make sense , whichever way you turn it . 
  it 's the absolute weakest argument for immigration , and i 've found that those who use it are simply in favour of immigration because of ideological reasons . 
  and if you are , fine , but just come out and say it instead of trying to convince me with this weak argument . 
  i do n't buy replacement immigration for one second , and consider it an insulting argument . 
  edit : oh , look , a massive post no-one but you will ever read . 
  i 'm done for today . 
  have a good one . 
  i already live in one of the most heavily populated countries in the world , with a housing crisis and a relatively high unemployment rate . 
  i definitely see a space and size problem . 
  but aside from that there are the overt cultural and political problems . 
  another country with massive tracts of land to settle . 
  another country that is literally a continent on its own . 
  and as you 'll note , the numbers do n't really compare to the current crisis , either . 
  both with this example and the us example there is the fact that these countries were actively trying to attract immigrants , and had the economic room for them . 
  and for the netherlands , the political upper class ( believe it or not ) thought that our country was * full * after wwii , so they actively encouraged people to emigrate . 
  none of these people fled the fighting , either . 
  which was over by the time this example starts . 
  they are also economic migrants . 
  i suppose we have differing experiences , then . 
  in my experience , usage of both words has been far more neutral . 
  i 've heard `` blanke '' used as a noun far more often than not , and it 's the way i use it myself . 
  he was talking about war refugees from wwi and wwii . 
  you dropped wwii right from the get-go , and then picked populations from relatively stable countries that were relatively untouched by the one conflict ( wwi ) you did include . 
  all of these populations are economic immigrants . 
  of course , most immigrants coming during this crisis are also economic immigrants , but that kind of blows a hole in the point you were trying to make . 
  if you 'd want a proper comparison in the time-frame you 're using , you 'd have to look at how many french people emigrated during/after wwi , or how many austro-hungarians , or how many ottomans , or how many serbs . 
  all these countries were hit hard by wwi , which was mostly fought on their territory . 
  i do n't know about european solidarity . 
  i feel european , but at the same time the eu is fragmented , and the people in charge seem to want to keep it that way . 
  a good example would be the recent call for referendum in the netherlands . 
  suddenly a lot of anger flared up at our nation because we * dared * to call for a non-binding referendum on the treaty between the eu and ukraine . 
  people said we were picking sides with putin . 
  is that european solidarity ? 
  it 's all fine and dandy when we meekly agree , but the moment we want a say in the course of the eu , we 're traitors ? 
  and this is only a small thing . 
  it was n't even reported on in the rest of the eu while the campaign to gather signatures was underway . 
  the entire way the geenpeil referendum was handled in and by the eu does not bode well for european solidarity . 
  the situations were completely different , though . 
  the us was a massive country that was still actively expanding into its empty regions . 
  well , empty except for indians . 
  you know how it goes . 
  point is , physically and culturally , there was room for these immigrants . 
  and some , like the irish , did n't exactly have a good reception in the us . 
  yet they integrated , and became an accepted part of the culture . 
  but it was n't called a `` paddy wagon '' for no reason . 
  there were definite troubles with immigration in the us . 
  and that 's a country that offered the best circumstances for it . 
  but more to the point , neither the british nor the irish were war refugees . 
  for the germans prior to wwii , that statement is also iffy . 
  wwi barely touched german territory . 
  basically , you 're comparing apples to oranges . 
  do n't lecture another user on `` fucking lies '' if you ca n't keep your facts straight . 
  not to mention that no-one let `` us '' stay . 
  the germans in wwii were genocided or booted off their land in the east . 
  the belgian refugees in great britain in wwi were kicked right back out as soon as the war was over . 
  the problem is that we already * know * most of them wo n't go back . 
  first off , most of them plainly do n't want to . 
  second , many of them are n't even syrian . 
  third , it 's confirmed time and again that the political ideal of the pro-migration crowd is n't temporary aid . 
  they repeat the same lie over and over again : we need these people as replacement immigration , they are highly educated and will work good jobs . 
  it 's not about helping refugees . 
  we pretty much all agree on that . 
  this crisis is simply mass immigration through the back door . 
  and we 've had our fill of mass immigration . 
  this will only happen if/when people stop voting for social democrats . 
  that was only because of the anemic un rules of engagement and the complete lack of equipment the troops were allowed to bring . 
  because `` peacekeeping force '' meant the same thing as `` a force that can not wage war '' in the minds of the idiots in charge who have probably never even seen a gun up close . 
  and then they made the soldiers take the fall . 
  the reason for this is the same reason migrants are coming to the eu : soft wishful thinking among the political elite and their supporters , who believe that if * we * set an example by demilitarising and setting strong social policy , the entire world will follow suit . 
  so now we are powerless to intervene in conflicts on our borders , while we * are * paying for it disproportionately . 
  promises were made to reconsider membership if turkey promises to help out more with the migration crisis . 
  apparently erdogan specifically asked for this . 
  i do n't know why . 
  maybe he still wants to conquer vienna . 
  so what do you think about people who use `` blanke '' ? 
  i suppose it is n't impossible that some of these women have had bad experiences with black people . 
  i find this very uncomfortable amidst renewed talks of increase cooperation with the eu and possible membership . 
  erdogan is nothing more than an ottoman putin , and i do n't want him to wield any more power in my country or the eu . 
  the bit he has through immigration is scary enough , and what he does in his own country is reprehensible . 
  but mostly , i loathe how the eu implicitly supports his rule . 
  the turkish opposition is crushed between wall and ship , unable to count on support from the eu . 
  and by association , the eu tarnishes itself . 
  if this is what the eu considers acceptable for a possible member state , then what is in store for us in the future ? 
  how easy is it to go from accepting this from an ally and possible future member , to perpetrating such behaviour themselves ? 
  it reminds me of women who have to avoid certain men in public transport . 
  must be uncomfortable for your friend . 
  if there is one thing about the financial crisis that has baffled me , it is how politicians will protect their ideological hobby 's while scrapping essential services . 
  i 'm not sure about german , but in dutch `` neger '' does not mean the same as `` nigger '' . 
  it 's simply a word for `` black person '' , just like we 've got `` blanke '' for `` white person '' . 
  but at some point people decided to get offended by `` neger '' , while `` blanke '' is still seen as ok . 
  there 's even someone around here who 's known for getting physically violent if someone around him uses the word `` neger '' , which is the sort of thing that gives this language policing a bad taste , for me . 
  it also makes me wonder if someone might experience more racism because they * perceive * more racism . 
  if you 're white , and go to africa , and become offended by the word `` mzungu '' ( which is definitely a racial slur , btw ) , you will feel attacked and discriminated at every turn .
