  but in my experience , even well-reasoned arguments against current immigration policies get rejected to the dungheap along the same xenophobia argument . 
  with the unfortunate result that actual xenophobia and opposition to immigration get a lot close in everyone 's minds . 
  edit :  you just invented that . 
  there is literally 0 % chance of voting rights being taken away , neither in germany nor in the netherlands . 
  yeah , voting rights . 
  parties to vote on , however , is another matter . 
  the effort to make undesirable parties illegal has been constant , as have been the threats and attacks . 
  but why do i bother ? 
  you 're just another one of those people who upholds a reasonable facade , but downvotes just as aggressively as all the `` nazi 's '' you complain about doing the same . 
  i 'm not even expecting a reasonable response anymore . 
  well , farage 's image gets around , is what i 'm trying to say . 
  the fact that so many people outright * hate * him is nearly as good as the fact that there are many who like him . 
  he is n't so much popular in terms of votes , as he is in terms of media . 
  and for a uk politicians , he has garnered a lot of support from abroad . 
  hell , i know who he * is * , and i ca n't say that for a lot of people in british politics , let alone people operating at farage 's level . 
  in terms of the eu parliament , this is a huge contrast with the rest of the parliament , which seems to consists of people who do n't seem to do a lot about public image , and tend to get it wrong when they do . 
  i do seem to recall he got a lot of votes last time around , but the voting system ensured they had very little impact . 
  that 's almost exactly what i said , except with venlo instead of flevoland . 
  ok , i think we crossed wires here somewhere . 
  i was thinking about the economic crisis , while you were thinking of the refugee crisis . 
  well ... yay europe , for having two crisises at the same time , i guess . 
  at any rate , i do recall ukip being popular before the current immigration crisis hitting . 
  immigration has been a hot-button issue for decades , and this current crisis is only making that more obvious . 
   doing what ? 
  calling mep 's names in parliament ? 
  he contributes nothing to the civil discourse in parliament and has 0 power on eu policy outside of the parliament . 
  he 's a bit of a tosser but `` thorn '' is an over exaggeration imo . 
  well , he has the sort of public appeal that the rest of the parliament seems incapable of gaining . 
  that alone makes him very annoying for them . 
  i 'm not big on the eu parliament , and from what i understand even large national parties having zero power in it is more the rule than the exception . 
   but , i 've been upvoted :( must be that dasterdly marxfront brigading this thread !, 
    firstly i 'm not left wing , secondly i accused him of being stormfront because he ( and you ) both assume that this statement `` shits bound to go wrong when an entire continent commit political suicide by commiting to policies in which the populations generally want none of . '', 
  is true . 
  which it simply is n't . 
  do n't confound me with things i have n't actually said . 
  i 'm responding to you and your arguments , not to him . 
  is there any political pressure on jordan to grant them citizenship ? 
  what is it with all the calls for `` evidence '' ? 
  i mean , i assume you people read the news , right ? 
  i mean , i 've got some examples in other posts , so i 'll start with those : at the start of the century , pim fortuyn was assassinated for being a right wing politician . 
  his assassin was a left wing `` activist '' , who had supplies for further attacks in his house . 
  he has never been labelled a terrorist by the mainstream media or politics , and in fact has been released this year after serving only 8 years in jail . 
  and then there 's just all of greenpeace . 
  they receive continued support from my government , despite operating outside the law . 
  recently they attacked a russian drilling rig , and were brought up on charges of piracy . 
  my government called in its last favours with russia to see them released . 
  hell , a few years ago something happened that was basically the same thing as this incident . 
  during an antiglobalist riot ( also not deemed terrorism ) a bunch of the left wing extremists there burned down a hotel , seemingly for shits and giggles . 
  this was not deemed terrorism . 
  the examples are endless , and you 'd have to never ever keep up with the news not the have heard some yourself . 
  it 's not a bold statement on my part , it 's a bold statement on yours to claim that these things are never perpetrated by left wing extremists , because they very clearly are . 
  and no , i do n't think those are automatically terrorist attacks . 
  i 'm more agitated by this inflation of the term `` terrorism '' , especially by people of a political stripe who have been reluctant to apply the label previously , when it was n't the right wing perpetrating these attacks . 
  all i ask for is equal application of the term , if people insist on using it . 
  but what i 'm seeing is that the right wing is often concerned about terrorism , and the left gets a kick out of accusing them of terrorism because of that . 
  it 's the same as those people who like to equate israel to nazi germany . 
  even if there * is * a point to it , more often than not it 's a rather overt anti-semitic insult . 
  speaking for my own country , similar parties have existed since the 80 's . 
  the leader of that party was subject to a bombing from left wing terrorists for his anti-immigration stance . 
  pim fortuyn , of the lpf , was massively popular before the crisis hit . 
  though , i 've seen a video of him urging caution precisely because a crisis might hit . 
  quite visionary of him . 
  too bad he was killed by a left wing terrorist . 
  he would have been the world 's first openly gay mp . 
  i 'd say ukip is surging more on anti-eu sentiment in britain . 
  farage himself has been a regular thorn in the side for the eu . 
  regardless , blaming the rise of these parties wholly on the crisis is shortsighted . 
  and , to me , seems as just another way to wave away the concerns of all the people who vote for them without engaging them . 
   you mean not a paranoid crazy person ? 
  no , i mean someone who uses all caps and invokes stormfront whenever someone disagrees with them . 
  half the posts in this thread , at this point , are people claiming that everyone downvoting them is coming from stormfront . 
  it 's part of the rethoric that the left wing has been using for years ( `` anyone against us is an extremist '' ) , and it 's denigrating and stifles debate . 
  i mean , this response is so goddamn self-serving . 
  evidence ? 
  * you * are the one making big claims about the right wing only being popular because of the crisis . 
  the burden of proof lies with * you * . 
  if evidence is so important for you , where is your own evidence ? 
  why do n't you practice what you preach ? 
  simply put , you 're not `` pointing out bullshit '' , you 're spewing forth an unsupported political opinion that magically means you can just disregard anything the other party has to say . 
  because they 're just voting that way because of the crisis , poor dears . 
  despite them telling you otherwise in this very thread !, 
  you do n't solve the housing crisis by increasing the number of people who need houses . 
  but hey , as someone who kneejerks about what kind of newspaper thoughtcrime people commit , you 're probably not all that concerned by either the democratic process , or logical policy . 
   and their descendents so they are not refugees , but rather jordanian citizens ? 
  you 're right . 
  we should react immediately by doing the exact same thing we did after the most recent islamic terrorist attack : stop showing disrespectful pictures of the right wing prophet in the media !, 
  wait , who is that , though ? 
  i mean , he had some awfully socialist social policies . 
  ayn rand , maybe ? 
  if the alternative was daesh , yes . 
  but joking aside , loads of these immigrants that all get piled in the same group in arguments are sub-saharan migrants . 
  they are not running from war , and are often part of the middle class where they are from . 
  these trips cost thousands of euro 's . 
  the pictures of ships from libya speak for themselves : 90 % of the people on them are young men . 
  they are not running from wartorn countries , and if they are they pass literally dozens of countries that are n't on their way here . 
  regardless of what you think of the issue , presenting every single immigrant as a war refugee is dishonest . 
  you 're right , we should just let millions of people into europe , and the money , housing , food they need will just magically appear out of nowhere because of our altruism . 
  and the societal trouble we 've had with immigration in the past will also magically disappear altogether . 
  the problem is , most of these people are n't running from war , terrorism , or starvation . 
  and those that are , do n't stop running when they are safe , they stop running when they are comfortable , to the point where they try to sneak onto trucks heading to britain because the social support network there is so good .
