  it 's a decision , based on cultural values . 
  it 's not universal . 
  up until a few years ago , and in fact at the time the muhammed cartoon was made , it was * not * considered insulting to draw muhammed . 
  and when this radical imam toured the muslim world with that cartoon , for two years he got no response . 
  from the most radical muslims in the world , mind you . 
  it took him two years * and * making his own cartoons to stir up trouble . 
  and because of that , now we who live in a culture where it 's not considered offensive to draw pictures of muhammed should amend our ways because of the violent anger from a different culture ? 
  that is downright oppressive , and i do consider the suggestion offensive . 
  you insult me by telling me that i ca n't draw a certain picture , you equate it with `` smearing shit on your face '' . 
  but if i said * the same thing * about this foreign religion , then , according to you , i am being insulting ? 
  but you just said the same thing to me !, 
  rest assured , i was insulted . 
  and if you live by your own rules , you will remove that post ( and i will remove mine ) . 
  but even a minute after saying it , you show the selective outrage that motivated your opinion . 
  do n't you see how ridiculous it is to say you ca n't insult people , and then turn around and determine what is insulting for someone and what not ? 
  i 'm the one saying it . 
  by your own logic you ca n't decide for me what i consider offensive . 
  if you can , then i now rule that drawings of muhammed are not offensive to muslims . 
  problem solved . 
  then you are lying . 
  i find that post extremely offensive . 
  i 'm saying it did . 
  are you telepathic ? 
  there 's no discussing with people like you , is there ? 
  i took care not to devolve into insult , and to make my point clear , and what do i get ? 
  mouthbreathing hyperbole !, 
  you , my friend , illustrate why this discussion is pointless . 
  you might as well just have said `` fuck you '' , because that 's all your idiocy amounts to . 
  your post insulted me . 
  please remove it immediately . 
  i would n't support the death penalty for returning jihadi 's . 
  but i * would * support extraditing them to the regimes against which they committed their crimes , and no doubt they would be executed by those regimes . 
  i do not see that we have an obligation to protect their rights in these specific cases , especially considered that we consistently extradite citizens to countries with draconic laws ( drug dealers to the us , for instance ) . 
  the exact difficulty of the question is the international nature of the acts . 
  we are proposing putting people in jail for something they did abroad , but we already have laws in place for that , as we do for joining foreign fighting forces . 
  but we do not apply them because we are refusing to treat muslims as equals , ironically enough . 
  we should treat someone who fought in the jihad exactly as we would someone who joined any other rebel group . 
  in short , i do not think that european nations have any obligation to stand up for the rights of people who reject those rights , and travel abroad to fight for that . 
  i believe taking them in and even putting them in prison here will make us a base for terrorist activity worldwide . 
  our own soft policy would be directly responsible for terrorism , domestic and abroad . 
  there is also the matter of social signals . 
  many people saying that the attacks were justified in combination with us being soft on jihadi 's sends the signal that we are weak , and accept this . 
  i have even seen a professor at a university have a seminar about how bataclan was * our * fault for being `` racist '' against muslims !, 
  `` racist '' , because he cited numbers without source that can not be verified in any way , like `` thousands of muslim women being spit upon '' . 
  these people also exist in an uncomfortable limbo between supporting terrorism and condemning it . 
  they condemn the acts , but they support the reasoning . 
  there comes a point where you have to decide : is the life of your enemy more important than your own freedom ? 
  after charlie hebdo , many people said we have to stop `` provoking '' islamic terrorists , and that the cartoonists actually deserved it . 
  this is a precedent i consider much more dangerous than killing killers , to be honest . 
  they did n't go home because a change in government changed the plan , and let them stay . 
  they did n't magically stay and we were n't expecting it . 
  it was a conscious political policy . 
  this is also the crux of the refugee debate . 
  no-one has a problem with taking in refugees as long as there 's a conflict back home , and they do n't need to integrate , because they will go back home . 
  but just as with labour migration , a lot of people now fear mass immigration through the back door . 
  in other words , that people will bend the rules to make these refugees permanent residents . 
  there is no * need * to invest , if we actually treat them like refugees . 
  but you are conflating terms , as happens so often . 
  you say refugees , but you propose treating them as immigrants . 
  they do n't need to tell them a lot . 
  these people think we live like people in soap opera 's do . 
  hanging around in evening wear all day , never working . 
  look at how many young people think their school life should be like in american movies : always partying and getting laid . 
  now expand that to adult life and television depicting it , and you 've got it . 
  there is also an african friend of the family , and he genuinely believed that all blue collar jobs in europe are done by black people . 
  and he 's actually a pretty smart guy . 
  so if that 's the common idea , no wonder they all think they can magically find a job , here . 
  better make a law against it , then . 
  he thinks he 's joking , but pepperspray is already illegal in the netherlands . 
  so this is one of those `` double laws '' ? 
  where there is already existing policy to cover everything they * claim * to want to handle with their new law , but we all really know the new law is just a way to enforce their ideology through the back door ? 
  seems a lot like trump 's logic . 
  terrorism is already illegal , but just to be safe , ban all muslims while you 're at it . 
  i take it all anti-gun people are in favour of that , too ? 
  ca n't be too safe , after all ... 
  that just shows you are the problem . 
  maybe we should ban you . 
   why do people feel so inclined to interfere with the hobbies of other persons ? 
  fearmongering . 
  that 's why they latch onto these attacks . 
  it 's people who already wanted this finally seeing a window to make it happen . 
  fun fact : many attacks in israel are stopped by private gun owners , and the government encourages private gun owners to carry their weapons specifically for that purpose . 
  so it seems that the common argument of `` but if you start shooting back , * more * people will die . 
  magically '' has no actual basis in reality . 
  and it 's about control , too . 
  the first gun bans in my country came long ago , when the government feared a socialist revolution . 
  when it never materialised , did people get their rights back ? 
  of course not . 
   we do n't want guns man . 
  if you do n't like them , you do n't have to own them . 
  the cases are so different that comparing them is completely meaningless . 
  it 's you who is looking for something that is n't there . 
  you did n't . 
  you compared one singular case to a structural problem that 's cropped up in literally dozens of cities , and might have victimised up to a million girls . 
  and race was n't a factor in saville 's crimes , but it was in the cases of these rape gangs . 
  furthermore , the problem still exists . 
  you 're comparing apples and oranges . 
  the comparison is completely nonsensical . 
  you 're a rape apologist because the first thing you do is to try and deflect the blame from the actual perpetrators . 
  and as i pointed out , these were racially motivated attacks .
