  why not ? 
  i see no-one clamouring for immigration into africa or asia . 
  why is it only bad if europe is mostly one race ? 
  you say it like it 's a foregone conclusion . 
  also , europe is far from 100 % white . 
  it 's one of the most diverse continents . 
  if you want diversity , do as i said , and protest for more immigration in africa and asia . 
  the right thing ? 
  is this really how people perceive politics ? 
  she only said `` come to germany '' . 
  those are just words , not a plan , not a budget , not extra housing . 
  she worsens the problem first , and now it 's up to the eu to come up with a solution . 
  my mother knows a man from kenya . 
  until she told him otherwise , he was convinced * all * blue collar jobs in europe are done by blacks . 
  of course , that 's still better than the highly educated african man she once met who tried to convince her it 's still possible for a man to magically turn into a hyena at night , and fly out of the window to ... kill people , i guess ? 
  which is why i shake my head when there are still people claiming `` education '' will fix everything . 
  that 's exactly the same sort of witchcraft thinking . 
  it 's good to know our politics are hung up over things like immigration , or internet discrimination with this in our future . 
  a lot of people say we are the best bet to weather this storm , and i hope they are right . 
  you will never get an african man to wear a condom . 
  source : an african man . 
  that 's a direct quote , too . 
  well , there was the referendum on the eu constitution , in which is was rejected . 
  the constitution itself was slightly amended , and then put through without a second vote and with very little fanfare . 
  this was n't great for political trust . 
  it also did n't help that the established pro-eu parties have a very patriarchal way of talking down to euro-sceptics . 
  we are seeing this now , as well . 
  popular website geenstijl has taken the initiative to make use of new rules intended to make it easier for citizens to start a referendum . 
  the intent is to invoke a referendum about the eu 's intent to engage in a treaty with ukraine . 
  the campaign for this referendum is still in full swing , but the reaction from politics has been the same : there is a general atmosphere of rejection , with some politicians even saying they will refuse to abide by the referendum should it reject eu plans . 
  this confirms the image of `` europhiles '' as patriarchs who think the people are too stupid to know what 's good for them . 
  the nail in the coffin is that one of the parties that is already railing against the referendum is one of the parties that fought for the new rules to make the referendum possible in the first place . 
  and there are also matters like jeroen dijsselbloem serving a joint function as minister of finances in the netherlands , and president of the eurogroup . 
  the netherlands had to pay a sum of money to the eu because of a new method of calculating the gdp . 
  there was an eu-related spat about that , which among other things called into question this sort of dual function . 
  the argument goes that to secure future positions in the eu government , politicians will serve the eu before serving their own countries . 
  the claims of politicians about their knowledge of this extra payment , and their protests were also called into question . 
  especially when the netherlands paid up without question , but britain was set to protest loudly and tried to get together with us and italy . 
  or so i believe , anyway . 
  my memory is n't perfect . 
  of course , the payments to greece were also a big point of contention . 
  especially as we were going through austerity measures at the same time . 
  as for the elections , 2012 was a year of `` strategic voting '' , where people vote for parties they do n't really agree with , in an effort to give them many seats in order to ensure that their preferred politics ( left or right ) get a seat in the tweede kamer . 
  this lead to massive gains for the pvda ( social democrats ) and vvd ( liberals ) . 
  the pvv suffered losses , but because of this arrangement remained the third largest party , one seat ahead of the sp ( socialists ) . 
  the approval rates of the pvda and vvd are pretty low , at this point , as many promises failed to materialize . 
  they leached votes from the sp and the pvv , respectively , and those voters are probably going back . 
  i do n't know if we are * more * dissatisfied with the eu . 
  but then again , you 're german , and i figure it 's hard to be really eurosceptic if your country is all but running the eu . 
  we are small , and we are treated as a small country in the eu . 
  but perception among pro- and anti-eu camps alike is that we are a good eu member , complying by rules and regulations . 
  the saying among the anti camp is that we are `` the best boy in class '' , with the dweeby image that implies . 
  and this is exactly why we need to get rid of this western , ethnocentric , racist idea that we * are n't * equal , and the west must always pull its punches to make things fair . 
  many african people report they view china much more favourably because they treat them as equals . 
  that 's only the empire . 
  the republic was founded in 509 bc . 
  before that , it was a kingdom . 
  we already did that once . 
  it was called colonialism , we all agreed it was a bad thing , and we stopped doing it . 
  personally , i do n't like these calls to `` responsibility '' . 
  part of my family is of colonial descent , and they were forced to give up * everything * they had in service to this greater ideal . 
  they got the full immigrant experience upon arriving here , made something of themselves all over again , and now internet activists like to tell me we have it good because of where i 'm from . 
  my mother grew up in the jungle . 
  where that jungle used to be , now there are empty fields and villages full of people who shortsightedly chop down their forests for firewood . 
  the squalor in the third world is , first and foremost , the fault of the people who run the place . 
  that was the deal we made when the west left . 
  but if * you * want to help , instead of foisting this responsibility on the rest of the world , there 's plenty you can do . 
  for starters , you can go on vacation to the third world . 
  a massive part of the income of african countries comes from tourism , and it 'll also help to convince the locals to not fuck over their own ecosystem . 
  you can do as my mother did , and befriend someone , and help them out . 
  my mother 's friend would have been dead two times over if he had n't known the right people . 
  or , you can do as my aunt and all her neighbours do , and just pack up , go live there , and employ a bunch of people while doing so , because the average wage there is quite low . 
  as for the first world as a whole , it 's high time we start treating the third world - and africa in particular - as equals . 
  and i do mean that in every way . 
  we should n't tolerate the destruction of the environment in africa any more than we do in other places , just because they 're poor , sad people . 
  we should definitely start treating africa as an important market , just the way china is doing . 
  we should definitely take an example from the indian middle class in africa . 
  what we 're doing right now , which is basically giving free money without any restrictions , is probably only making the situation worse . 
  but if you want to `` help '' the third world , there is no real `` helping '' involved anymore . 
  it 's time for the third world to join the rest of the world , complete with the judgement and responsibilities that brings . 
  and preferably before china gains control over all of it . 
  and yes , part of that might be stopping mass immigration . 
  the sort of money some people give to these smugglers ( or is straight-up stolen from them ) can support a family for years . 
  does this topic make people idiots ? 
  i have n't had a single response to anything i said , just to what you idiots wish i said . 
  if you ca n't be bothered to actually read what i have written , why do you insist on putting words in my mouth ? 
  where did i claim the ukrainian government would surely punish them ? 
  i did n't , now did i ? 
  what i said , and i 'm repeating myself here , is that the ukrainian government does n't ** openly ** support it . 
  whereas the russian government has embarked on a policy of constantly stepping down on the rights of gays in * addition * to not giving two fucks about anti-gay violence . 
  and then i mentioned that the country is in the middle of a civil war , which is also somehow an affirmation of my gay-hating ways , apparently . 
  well , it 's obviously cardboard , and i 'm guessing he made it on the spot . 
  i 'm just questioning the logic of waving the flag while also claiming to be a refugee . 
  if there 's one wrong time for unbridled nationalism , i would say a protest like this is it . 
  maybe we should work with germany , this time . 
  after all , third time 's the charm . 
  how many did the us take ? 
  it 's funny how all of you take an explanation of / u/anarchisto 's complaint as approval of what 's happening . 
  you are failing to see his argument , and resort of childish barbs . 
  the point is , this crisis did not exist when the economic crisis hit .
