  so , if you 're quite done masturbating about your superiority , doei . 
  of course it 's fuelled by the eu 's complete lack of guidance on the entire migration issue . 
  the uk keeps them out , france lets them sit there , and germany invites them in . 
  here you go again pretending to be a mindreader . 
  i suppose i 'll have to add `` delusional '' to the list . 
  as i said , aloof and selfrighteous . 
   otherwise germany would have to pay 10 times more for the things we enjoy . 
  ftfy, 
  well , i wo n't honour this with another long reply . 
  you are , by far , one of the most aloof and selfrighteous people i 've ever seen on reddit . 
  from your weasely , veiled insults , to scrabbling back about things you actually said , to arguing the pettiest points in favour of the actual ones . 
  i 've found you to be a most unpleasant and pigheaded individual , though i wo n't lavish you with hyperbole as you so fondly do with others . 
  i hope to never cross your path again . 
  in my experience , this is how it often goes on reddit . 
  first we shout , then we are reasonable . 
  it 's easy to sound like a big nazi or commie , here . 
  our thoughts are reduced to small posts , that highlight some of our stronger opinions . 
  especially because we then have a discussion limited to two people , it 's easy to become polarised . 
  we all have lots and lots of reasons to believe what we believe , and this does n't lend itself well to a medium like this . 
  do n't worry , i feel pretty stupid for calling you an idiot , now . 
  but at the same time it was cathartic . 
  personally , i do n't feel it 's wrong to conflate the vote with other issues , mostly because my perception is that politics already work that way . 
  but i definitely see your point , and in a better world , would wholeheartedly agree with it . 
  i 'll keep it in mind , given that i still have n't decided * what * i will vote . 
  i 've never been this on the fence about something geenstijl did . 
  i really wish they 'd chosen a different subject . 
   oh , you know all moroccans , so you feel qualified to assert that they are all sexist ? 
  i 'm familiar enough with north african sexism , thank you very much , but i would n't generalise my experience with specific people to a whole country on that account , just as i would n't generalise my experience with individual racists in the netherlands to all dutch people . 
      you , on the other hand , seem comfortable with sweeping generalisations . 
  you are a champion in arguing around the point . 
  if you accuse me of lacking empathy because i have not experienced racism firsthand ( which is not something you can know , but nevermind ) , then * you * lack empathy because you have not experienced sexism firsthand . 
  it 's a construct in order to show that your argument does n't make sense . 
  but instead of arguing that , you go with the `` not * all * moroccans '' . 
  you 're arguing semantics . 
   believe me , if i insulted you , which i 'm certainly feeling like doing , you 'd know . 
  you 're just avoiding a reply . 
  you 'll find the reply after the sentence you cherrypicked . 
   quite frankly , you do n't make any fucking sense . 
  i believe that maoism and stalinism are evil : does that make them `` synonymous '' with nazism ? 
  you are being obtuse . 
  i 'm repeating myself : people are not accused of nazism as a legitimate political analyses . 
  it 's an insult , pure and simple . 
  just like calling someone `` evil '' . 
  it is not an objective assessment of the situation . 
   i believe that pvvers are evil ( but not nazis , never mind `` nazi 's '' ) , because i 've had a look at that party 's platform and i find it is evil . 
  if i 'm not allowed to call a party program `` evil '' because that is `` synonymous to calling it nazi '' , then we are done discussing politics , thank you very much . 
  oh , i would never forbid you of doing so . 
  i 'd even be willing to listen to your opinion about this supposed `` evil '' , even if i know i do n't agree with it , because i do n't believe in objective `` evil '' . 
  my fear is , though , that you are the type of individual who becomes quite angry when someone does not agree with such an opinion , as you got quite livid when i suggested that wilders maybe * does n't * want to commit genocide . 
   evil , idiocy and misdirection are essentially human . 
  i can hardly `` dehumanise '' anyone by pointing those out where they occur . 
  then you do not understand the process of dehumanization . 
  it is representing the other side as universally possessing such traits . 
  such as , say , claiming that * anyone * who votes for the pvv is `` evil '' . 
  not all moroccans , but * all * pvvers , indeed . 
   well , where did you quote `` nazi 's '' from , then ? 
  it 's the dominant spelling . 
   again , i do n't see your fucking point . 
  because you 're being obtuse . 
  i 've explained it twice already . 
  for the last time : attributing a wish for genocide to wilders for saying he wants `` less moroccans '' is the same as attributing a wish to repeat the sack of berlin to people who throw around the insult `` nazi '' . 
  it 's an extrapolation based on personal feelings with no basis in reality . 
  ok , thank you . 
  that 's a clear explanation . 
  the thing where we do n't see eye to eye is that i do n't think you can put the responsibility on the shoulders of the voter . 
  there are no laws on examining the reason for an individual vote , and neither could they be enforced . 
  if you were to place the blame on geenstijl , or the provisions that make the referendum possible , i 'd agree with you . 
  and i suppose it could be motivated that it would be morally right to vote purely on the issue . 
  but these are politics , and this is virtually never the case . 
  even in our last elections we had people voting on parties they did n't * really * support , because they felt the need to form strong opposition to the other side . 
  of course , the other side did the same ... 
  but the vote can not be policed . 
  i 've heard of cherrypicking , but you just chopped an entire sentence in half in order to pretend it 's saying something you want it to say . 
  thanks for illustrating why this entire debate is pointless . 
  oh , look , another opponent of the referendum acting as if personal insults are arguments . 
  mate , if you do n't like it , you can vote `` yes '' , just like the rest of the country . 
  or you can stay at home . 
  whatever suits you . 
  are you seriously suggesting that taking part in the democratic process is the same as subverting it ? 
  or are you maybe suggesting stationing thought police at the polling booths in order to ascertain whether or not people are voting for reasons you agree with ? 
  we have a name for places like that : totalitarian societies . 
  and if you want to live in one , you are free to emigrate . 
  it 's sad that i was already expecting this . 
  you lot will never explain your reasoning . 
  it 's always the same . 
  whenever someone questions you , you always immediately dehumanize the opposing party . 
  no , you selfrighteous idiot , i am asking how voting on a referendum is the same as subverting the democratic process . 
   doing so does harm our democratic institutions by subverting them for your own purposes . 
  how ? 
   and the only way he can possibly `` take charge of that '' is by ensuring the termination of a number of moroccan lives . 
  this is sensationalist nonsense . 
  if you truly believe a victory of wilders will lead to genocide , leave the country , because then we are already lost . 
  personally , i interpreted it as him wanting to curb immigration , as has been spearpoint of the party since its inception . 
   i did n't call for `` minder ` ollanders '' . 
  no , but you insist that wilders is genocidal based on your own emotions about his speech . 
  which is the very definition of hysterical . 
  if you had a proper reason to be offended , we could at least discuss that , but fearing genocide is hysterics . 
   which gives me what you appear to lack , which is a shade of human empathy with those `` marokkanen '' which wilders wants to have fewer of . 
  ca n't do without the insulting narrative , can you ? 
  but you are not a woman , are you ?
