  not really . 
  i think the main reason is that you can reach any destination in poland in less than a day if you have to . 
  ( and i live on the corner ), 
  what gender is it ? 
  it 's the same in polish . 
  she is just like grandmother - mother of your father . 
  but she is female . 
  why `` father '' - because patriarchy . 
  land was inherited in a male line . 
  why `` she '' - because polish grammar . 
  heat up leftovers , heat up a cup of milk , make warm sandwiches , sometimes defrosting . 
  are you sure about saturday mass ? 
  or can it be that you just call that because you do n't remember it well ? 
  i know roman catholic do n't have mass from thursday evening to saturday evening . 
  poor alex has 3rd master now . 
  many . 
  and it depends . 
  some words are necessary , and fit well with our language , some will probably need either spelling or pronounciation changes , some are not needed . 
  there are some things that may be notable but not easy to see but are important - like tendency to vote for certain parties . 
  but are they non existent ? 
  or just something you do n't notice . 
  there are different maps of poland , where the borders between the partitions show up or between world wars poland-germany border . 
  ( examples - population density , election results , church attendance , railway connections ) . 
  and it was almost 100 years since end of ww1, 
  do n't worry , we fight like napoleon showed us to win . 
  we like you , but i 'm not entirely sure if there was much difference between colonies and russian or austrian empire . 
  other than treatment of local people as actual human beings that is . 
  most of your colonies are in eu right now , that must be weird . 
  ( i live in a part of poland where old things `` remember grandma austria '' ), 
  warsaw of course , or mazovian dialect . 
  i have read that technically `` standard polish '' is how most poles speak , so when warszawa does something odd , it 's not standard . 
  i prefer polish version . 
  czeszki - a kind of shoes . 
  but probably not `` wrong country '' , you probably produced them and we imported them, 
  i have no idea , but it does n't feel like it . 
  it only works when you use `` kurwa/kurcz \u0119 '' as exclamation , or `` instead of coma '' . 
  not a double entendre , but `` kurcz\u0119 '' = chicken , or `` kurka '' = little hen are a substitute words for `` kurwa '' when you are around children . 
  if you exclude prague and budapest from eastern europe , why would you include krak\u00f3w, 
  what is wrong with our current message or the rota 's one . 
  like i see why one would n't want `` bo\u017ce co\u015b polsk\u0119 '' , but `` we will stay here and keep our language '' seems like a decent message . 
  `` we are not dead ( yet ) '' is a good message to . 
  do you actually have some piece in mind that would be good as national anthem ? 
  better than rota and mazurek ? 
  i like both , even if i think that rota has better melody , and that a song about staying and preserving the language and culture might send better message than the song about coming back from emigration to win your country back . 
  in somem ways korwin fits the idea of trump better - both in arrogance and ideology . 
  but korwin is a political folklore , and that wo n't change , while pis has power . 
  i would like rota too , but would n't it hurt all the atheist 's feelings to sing `` god help us '' ? 
  i think different anthem would make us more centred on different issues . 
  `` mazurek '' is a battle song about emigrants coming back home and saving poland . 
  `` rota '' is a pledge to stay and fight at home , to preserve culture and language . 
  we have kaczy\u0144ski , he already has a sitcom . 
  edit [ ucho prezesa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyiaathvvyi ) ( the chairman 's ear ), 
  he is a hero , but his `` in anthem '' status comes from the fact that it was a song of polish legions serving under napoleon , when napoleon was just one of french military leaders . 
  polish has some names translated , but tom marvolo riddle stayed the same . 
  we have `` translators notes '' at the end of books . 
  it depends on what you are looking at . 
  it takes them longer because poland does n't work based on president 's orders , and the scope is smaller because poland does n't have that much impact on the world . 
  rada j\u0119zyka polskiego ( the council of polish language ), 
  in the right circumstances this can still happen - see poland . 
  i think we would still come out with different names that fit pronounciation and grammar of different languages , but more universal names for some countries could be easier . 
  countries like kanada/canada or filipiny/philipines have more universal names , while germany/niemcy has many different names . 
  we had 45 minute classes , number of classes depended on the day and year . 
  the most were 8 . length of breaks varied between 5-10 minutes but there was a 20 minutes break around noon . 
  each day started and ended at different time , every day had it 's own schedule . 
  i think i 've seen one or two advertisements for pneumatic weapons few years ago . 
  my fault , i did n't notice . 
  since french revolution it 's hard a decade that was boring . 
  how do you count recorded history ? 
  maybe we had better decades in xvi th century or something . 
  you forgot to add : it is possible to get actual long answer for those `` what 's up ? '', 
  questions . 
  my grandma had some great cake recipes made for all possible unit systems . 
  4 eggs . 
  as much as eggs weight of flour , sugar and butter . 
  ( other ingredients measured in glasses , teaspoons , pinches and `` some '' raisins ), 
  in poland too . 
  ( but i live in post austrian part ), 
  you are so right . 
  every time i see old recipe i have to convert old 250g butters to new 200g ones . 
  i our old 1791 constitution used to say :  `` the dominant national religion is and shall be the sacred roman catholic faith with all its laws ( ... ) we owe to all persons , of whatever persuasion , peace in their faith and the protection of the government , and therefore we guarantee freedom to all rites and religions in the polish lands , in accordance with the laws of the land . '', 
  i find that more accurate to the reality of today 's poland than :  public authorities in the republic of poland shall be impartial in matters of personal conviction , whether religious or philosophical , or in relation to outlooks on life , and shall ensure their freedom of expression within public life . 
    the relationship between the state and churches and other religious organizations shall be based on the principle of respect for their autonomy and the mutual independence of each in its own sphere , as well as on the principle of cooperation for the individual and the common good . 
  it depends on context . 
  are they beggars , are they street performers , are they stage performers ? 
  are they random people i see on street and assume they are roma because what other brown skinned people would live in my town ? 
  beggars are beggars , i think how to get away . 
  street performance is complicated , because you have to assume there is a con / pickpocketing going on as well , even if it may not be true . 
  stage artists i try to judge by their skills random people are random people ,, 
  it 's an easy mistake - national assembly in poland is a formal way to call joint session of both chambers of parliament . 
  and as wikipedia tells me national or federal assembly usually refer to one or both chambers of parliament . 
  germany is the exception . 
  and still no info in the news about the election . 
  back to the public tv - there is also angelus with pope on sunday , witch some kind of catholic/christian studio before and after that . 
  also sunday mass on radio , and 15 minutes of vatican news every day . 
  i know you have president , and he is elected by parliament ( mostly since sometimes people say we should change to that too ) , but not that election is tomorrow . 
  i learned british , but all my teachers were either polish , ukrainian ( just after the fall of communism we did n't have enough english teachers so we imported them ) or american . 
  so i speak a mix of american and british with horrible polish accent . 
  i write british because i would n't survive without a spell-check and i chose british one . 
  there are two more groups : - people who remember communism but were still in school/university whan the communism fell - people who remember ww2, 
  is that ?
