  also jeep for the off road car . 
  some people talk about ukraine and belarus in that context ? 
  and i lost track who was supposed to be a ruler and who the colony during commonwealth/republic of two nations, 
  instead of `` open and isolated areas '' you can have `` village near the sea full of summer camps '' . 
  we have them . 
  what about short time jump like to 2000s ? 
  if if 1990s or 2000s is impossible it becomes complicated , as in every glorious time in the past you can be stuck in the unprivileged group . 
  the late xix century could be good or between the wars , but then you have to live through a war or two . 
  i would say 100 % people know about usd and more less it 's rate , i think less people know canada 's money is also called dollars and it 's rate . 
  the name and rate of mexican money would be the least known . 
  i guess it stuck in my head from a movie or telenovella but i was n't sure it 's still that and the rate . 
  it 's called matura in poland . 
  it 's in may . 
  it 's a big deal for some reason everybody is concerned about the essay topic on the polish exam . 
  the thing had so many reforms in the last 15 years i gave up following what is obligatory , but i think polish , math , and foreign language . 
  ( and some other subjects of choice ) . 
  the results are necessary to both graduate , but also results are what is most important in application to university . 
  the results are due 30 june , when another topic for media about how easy/hard the exam was will come . 
  most people i know have master degree . 
  i do n't know anyone who stopped at bachelor degree , and some rare people who have engineer equivalent of bachelor . 
  bachelor is a new invention here . 
  just wanted to clarify , in a discussion on citizenship . 
  people with `` karta polaka '' are not polish citizens , it is for people of polish descent that do n't have citizenship . 
  i 'm mary . 
  i was thinking about it for poland too . 
  there is evidence of incompetence of polish government regarding the funerals . 
  other than that there are like 4 investigation reports that claim different things . 
  one side keeps that it was accident . 
  there is a black box report that supports that theory ( + pressure form the officials to land ) it will be never closed . 
  russians still have the remains of the plane . 
  polish side supposedly closed investigation . 
  then kaczy\u0144ski won the elections . 
  they said they have final conclusions about the thermobaric bomb , but at the same time accuse russian land control people , and still claim `` we will find the truth '' . 
  i stopped watching tv . 
  is it still a conspiracy theory , when your government believes in it ? 
  smole\u0144sk airplain catastrophe , was assassination is a very popular conspiracy theory . 
  our minister of defence believes in it . 
  we have 13 days free of work . 
  out of the 10 are on catholic holidays . 
  for one ( constitution day 3rd of may ) , we have our lady , queen of poland celebration , made deliberately at that date . 
  two of those holidays - easter , and pentecost are always on sunday . 
  ( shops are closed on those days , but not on normal sundays ) we have - 1st january ( mary mother of god ) , 6 january ( three kings ) , 2 days of easter , pentacost , corpus christi , 15 august ( assumption of mary ) , 1 november ( all saints ) , 25 & 26 december - christmas, 
  pentacost is always on sunday . 
  but it 's one of few days in poland when shops have to be closed . 
  most confusing holiday of them all , since i do n't think anybody celebrates it more than any other sunday . 
  rano is much more often used as adverb than as noun in polish . 
  as a noun there is `` ranek '', 
  we have `` army day '' on 15 august . 
  there is a parade and we are proud we stopped the commies in 1920 . 
  or most people celebrate catholic holiday instead or just go to a picnic . 
  we also `` commemorate '' the fallen every time there is a `` painful date '' so like every other day or something . 
  1st of august and 1st of september seem to be most painful ones . 
  both are as much about civilian losses as about soldiers . 
  mostly made in eu . 
  so at school classes , or as way to pass time with friends it would be equally common for boys and girls ? 
  it used to be conspiracy theory . 
  now it is a conspiracy theory that our government believes . 
  i love ciri . 
  i would n't say she is my favourite character . 
  but she is top 10 . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  there are so many countres in the world , and many of them i know so little about . 
  we have `` partly european countries '' or `` honorary european countries '' - azerbaijan , georgia , russia , turkey , israel - they are different and yet have so much in common with us . 
  then we have usa , canada australia - different in so many aspects but so full of europeans and at the same time familiar with all the `` culture '' we take from them ; movies , tv , books , games , etc. 
  then there are all those american , and central asian countries i know enough to know we share some similarities , but not enough to make a decision . 
  i hope ours learn then . 
  good . 
  do you have people going around no polls laws . 
  in poland in social media some people from the parties publish preliminary polls concealed as something else . 
  i wonder if it happens in other countries that forbid publishing polls during elections . 
  i would argue for austria . 
  but i 'm from former austrian part . 
  if working democracy were fashionable maybe they would go different route . 
  zero to one team is a significant growth right ? 
  we do n't differeniate for grandparents . 
  we used to have different words for mother 's brother ( wuj , wujek ) , and father 's brother ( stryj , stryjek ) , but the one for `` paternal uncle '' is now rare , and the word for maternal is used for both . 
  we have different words for nieces and nephews depending if they are sister 's or brother 's children . 
  bratanek ( brother 's son ) , bratanica ( brother 's daughter ) , siostrzeniec ( sister , s son ) , siostrzenica ( sister 's daughter ), 
  in poland it 's really hard to tell . 
  last king of poland was stanis\u0142aw august poniatowski . 
  it 's hard to say if he had `` actual power '' , since at that point the power of king was severely weakened , but he had some power . 
  our opinion of him is also largely divided , since on one hand he is the king under whose rule poland was partitioned , and he was russian puppet . 
  on the other hand he tried to reform poland ( to be less democratic , democracy was not fashionable then ) . 
  after that , we also had : frederick augustus i , duke of warsaw ( king of saxony ) but he did n't have opportunity to rule . 
  and russian tsar , prussian/german kaiser , austrian kaiser . 
  turkey is neither , ukraine is both . 
  only countries that never oppose eastern europe label are ukraine and belarus . 
  russia wants to be their own category . 
  you were supposed to stop before denmark . 
  i recently saw a map of usa , it seems 80 % is west , 15 % is south . 
  1 . sweater & jeans 2 . 
  deends on your definition of lunch . 
  i eat sandwich at 12 , and soup , meat + potatoes + salad at 15 . 
  broken wi-fi , again 4 . tired 5 . 
  try to plug in mobile to the wrong place, 
  there is either butter , skwarki , butter with onion , or cream . 
  no other options . 
  ( i use a kind of fresh cheese , but i use it to replace cream in almost all recipes ), 
  do you mean you did n't take any new words from polish immigrants . 
  not one curse word ?
