  misleading image . 
  playing runescape on linux as we squeak . 
  what if they only added this feature for ultimate iron men ? 
  i think the chaos elemental would make a fine plushie, 
  mime too, 
  50gp , really ??? 
  i thought this was going to be a good idea for a money sink , but i guess not . 
  just think of the money sink opportunities, 
  does this mean you had a real working james grime at work today ? 
  wow , you did n't get anything from a boss drop . 
  what kind of a game is this ??? 
  anyway , you can wear a ring of wealth to remove the nothing drops from the rdt . 
  good luck doing clue scrolls with 1 defence . 
  do you really think john c is capable of making droptables that make sense ? 
  i hate people like that . 
  2 iron men in a room with 4 fire giants ? 
  seems like a good place to set up my cannon . 
  great , more slayer content . 
  the minimap is an osbuddy feature, 
  mining ? 
  yeah , it 's completely deprecated by zulrah . 
  yes , let 's account luck into statistics . 
  it makes fun of people who say `` stop the circlejerk '' . 
  what 's the percentage of being lucky ? 
  all i 'm saying is if you did n't pay attention in maths class , do n't try to talk about statistics . 
  also , i think slayer has had too many updates now . 
  happy birthday, 
  is n't a bald win the same as a hair loss ? 
  check out kivy, 
  players did n't make the drop table or vote for john c to get hired . 
  unless money is involved . 
  i accidentally set up recurring payments and wanted a refund on my second month . 
  i was treated with the nicest customer support i 've ever had . 
  gratz, 
  the kbow is 2 ticks faster than a regular crossbow . 
  can you replace john c ? 
  i do n't understand why they did n't turn this into a money sink . 
  inb4 elite desert reward, 
  60 elites , damn . 
  trance is probably more efficient , but he does n't get to play as much as fors . 
  you 've got to admit that the gif in the op is impressive . 
  i would probably be less efficient if i tried to make a script for anything else but inventory dropping . 
  that 's just someone walking in . 
  look at the guards . 
  now we just need a boss to drop jugs of water and boom , cooking is even more of a joke . 
  making the script is not the problem . 
  learning how to use it efficiently and repeatedly is . 
  i 've always thought #fff meant #f 0f0f0 . 
  and that amount would tenfold if the price was 500 , which is still nothing to almost everyone . 
  shoutout to the g400, 
  it 's a really good mouse . 
  it used to be the cheapest mouse with a flawless sensor if you could n't get your hands on a wmo1 .1 or an intellimouse 3.0 . 
  how did you kill the demon ? 
  here you go : http://www.rshumor.net/viewall, 
  timing is also important . 
  now that would be cool . 
  they 're still at risk , because they can be attacked and people would surely notice a random stone . 
  i could n't believe it either . 
  how long until we 're going to need to do quests to get to him ? 
  i guess it 's a pretty good incentive to get off my lazy ass and do some . 
  when you 're killing something on an iron man and someone does the last hit . 
  hand in the sand is awesome . 
  them puns . 
  it did n't affect me so i voted no . 
  coal is just used to heat the furnace . 
  steel is an iron alloy . 
  does it also work for box traps then ? 
  exactly . 
  and the more high level the ore is , the more coal/heat it needs . 
  it 's pretty brilliant . 
  the pidswap thing really annoys me . 
  i wish the hits were always instant like in 2010ish . 
  watch out for the pkers . 
  australian servers are a waste of dev time, 
  i love it . 
  define `` microwave '' ? 
  it is also a hand gesture used by a midget to say hello . 
  guessing the sparkles are generated on top of the sprite every time it refreshes . 
  that would be a cool arduino project !, 
  rounded up, 
  well handled op . 
  ca n't believe i complimented his name once . 
  he 's at the wrong w tower . 
  i think it would make sense for the herb bag discussed today to be a reward from shades . 
  let 's not offend cancer patients here . 
  i got it at around 43 mage . 
  then later i needed a fire battlestaff for a clue and spent like 5k casts on it . 
  got 2 more scims , but no battlestaff . 
  ended up getting it from killerwatts . 
  it 's ok i just tweeted this post, 
  i wish john c got input from the community . 
  lots of it . 
  ok - how it should be but sounds aggressive as fuck, 
  like this lol, 
  can we get that polled ? 
  it would be the best qol update yet . 
  probably lots of bugs associated with it tho . 
  also , they hit the splashers off . 
  that 's a puzzle . 
  i do n't think jagex has the required permits to host a gambling website .
