  stop !, 
  stop !, 
  he 's already dead !, 
  next gen msg, 
   you have javascript disabled . 
   this website was created in 2014 . 
   please go back to year 1995 and stay there . 
  holy shit nigger what are you doing, 
  the town 's unusual name has brought it a certain amount of notoriety in the same vein as fucking , austria ; anus , france ; condom , france ; nob end , england ; effin , ireland ; twatt , scotland ; intercourse , pennsylvania ; bald knob , west virginia ; and wankum , germany . 
  i always pronounce it ca-pound . 
  le gem face, 
  what if it 's one of the animators havin ' a laugh ? 
   the eastern european country, 
  that 's probably it . 
  episode 3 pretty much confirmed that . 
  northern european does n't mean nordic . 
  it 's time to animate the comics . 
  what if the next avatar is a sandbender ? 
  sokka knew that the animators left out the rainbow !, 
  the right one has some extra for your fifth leg . 
  pretty sure it did n't have a 500 millibit hard drive . 
  can someone make a gif/webm of the guy shaking his head ? 
  what 's up with poll sites needing javascript these days ? 
  that site would work full well without scripts enabled . 
  you can do that server-side . 
  i 'm guessing that this will allow mecha tanks to bend . 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  is that a fire ferret in your swimsuit or are you just happy to see me ? 
  i was going through some pictures and laughed way too hard at this . 
  i remembered i had n't seen it for more than a year , so i thought i 'd share . 
  just bad timing i guess . 
  50,000,000 pnd < =  20,000 usd, 
  people from the water tribe age faster . 
  look at kya or tonraq . 
  aang named his first son after bumi . 
  it would be pretty weird if he was still alive then . 
  would n't call myself a superuser , but i 've been using debian for over 2 years . 
  this is actually a common problem with new users and this is why ubuntu or mint are generally recommended for them . 
  debian tries to keep the system consisting of only free software for as long as possible , but some software like wireless drivers are generally propietary blobs , so you will have to enable them yourself . 
  ubuntu and mint do this for you , because they do n't care about non-free software . 
  i was so happy that someone finally mentioned sokka . 
  she appeared in a flashback in book 1 and also book 3 . , 
  i was expecting something like `` man gets married to the moon '' . 
  agreed . 
  it 's been almost 2 weeks since i bingewatched a : tla . 
  you know , if you need to tell people that you 're being sarcastic , you 're not doing a very good job . 
  weird that thps2 had a 15-song soundtrack but everyone seems to associate it with ace of spades . 
  oh , good point . 
  [ the wrong bender , eh ? 
  ] ( http://static.tvfanatic.com/images/gallery/bender-smoking.jpg ), 
  i do n't think sandbending is a form of subbending . 
  every earthbender can probably do it , but it just takes practice to make stuff like tornadoes and ride sand-sailers . 
  he 's going to use the spirit vines to allow mecha tanks to bend . 
  then what 's duckduckgo ? 
  fucking yes !, 
  i 've been all about them this year . 
  neutral milk hotel, 
  invent yourself a shortcake was released in 1991 and the song strange noises was made in 1989 iirc . 
  agreed . 
  [ her reaction ] ( https://i.imgur.com/8g5wlis.png ) when varrick sarcastically thanked her seemed to be out of worry . 
  if what she told kuvira is true , she would have been annoyed by varrick 's saying . 
  i love the relationship between bolin and varrick . 
  her eyes were shaking . 
  hard to take a picture of that . 
  you have probably heard of [ neutral milk hotel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lo-zsxwrsvi ), 
  you might have heard of [ the front bottoms ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxz5b1lvxpc ), 
  you 've probably never heard of [ the magnetic fields ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqorlamt0n4 ) ( actually you probably have , but i spent way too long not knowing of this band ), 
  you 've never heard of [ the gerbils ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psw71qih2tw ), 
  or it 's just a promotion of 200 free millilitres per bottle . 
  did you feel fulfilled ? 
  why ca n't you have an unregistered vehicle in your yard ? 
  it 's just a hunk of metal when you do n't drive with it . 
  the nordic countries and northern europe are definitely not the same . 
  the united kingdom , ireland , estonia , latvia and lithuania are part of northern europe , but not the nordic countries . 
  it 's hard for alcohol manufacturers to meet the price standards of estonian alcohol . 
  just a warning : they 're extremely overpriced on that site . 
  now do one with and without eyebrows . 
  you know what would have been cool ? 
  if twins had dressed up as korras . 
  one the old korra and one the new one . 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  they sell finnish people in norway ? 
  w2c ? 
  maybe it 's going to be a leaderless anarchy , like zaheer originally wanted ? 
  it 's just bataar now . 
  now try pabu, 
  lok b2e13, 
  let 's not forget how the queen actually died . 
  shit was horrifying . 
  i 'm just wondering why they used brook instead of book . 
  i 've always loved the logo for [ this golf club ] ( http://logofaves.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/spartan_m.jpg ) . 
  or just shoot them in the stomach . 
  honestly , it 's from the first episode . 
   aang : this is appa , my flying byson . 
   sokka : right ... and this is katara , my flying sister . 
  i do n't think they 're dead . 
  they can be rescued just like tenzin , bumi and kya were . 
  maybe they have two screws for nipples . 
  actually started thinking about this , but then i realised that they 're just random numbers . 
  i love how the kid is just like oh okay .
