  the current one is just useless . 
  they 're stabbers though, 
  does anyone know how much cash per hour black chin pkers are getting ? 
  it ca n't be more than like 50k/h , right ? 
  damn it , feel is good to be a gangsta, 
  i think it 's hard to move as is without a minimap and with the implings all over the gaff . 
  runite minor ? 
  this guy knows what 's up !, 
  maybe they could add some fist of guthix rewards to it as well , since they said that would never be coming ? 
  they just ca n't win with people like you . 
  they made a mistake ( twice ) and now they 're fixing it . 
  props to them . 
  great , more slayer content, 
  because i do n't have any ? 
  shoutout to hunting hunter hunters . 
  i would n't mind if it was only rune and iron . 
  you could just givethe ironmen a full rune set and they give you a blue-tinted iron man armour . 
  ok man , i 'll drop by the idea store right now and buy some . 
  mvp, 
  perfect solution for a money sink !, 
  full support . 
  making wines is the best cooking xp , is n't it ? 
  enema skill confirmed, 
  i think the current one looks great . 
   youtube view counts pre-vevo : 7,037, 
  haha what, 
  thanks for spreading the word !, 
  i got scammed like this on thursday , friday , saturday , twice on sunday and once again today so be careful !, 
  i think he 's playing on his iron man . 
  awesome series , keep it up !, 
  oh , makes sense , thanks . 
  i hope they have at least one more video recorded . 
  iron no food , you ca n't eat food, 
  yes , absolutely . 
  moreover , third age items should be a common drop . 
  perfect !, 
  we do n't even need a poll for that no-brainer update . 
  sir kuam sishun, 
  go to a secret place and have a low-level rat or spider attack you . 
  people will be able to kill it , but if they do n't you wo n't be logged out for 6 hours . 
  do you think it 's possible to go into fight caves with 10 hp , 1 every other skill and ranged weapon upgrades in your inventory ? 
  along with a lot of purple sweets of course . 
  you can right click and press one of the oks until you get the right one . 
  why do they look edible ? 
  the sholder feels conflicted, 
  that was like the most popular gif in 2007, 
  what window manager is that ? 
  trolls are named after the first thing they successfully eat . 
  not as long as john c is in charge . 
  maybe the new qa guy will knock some sense into him . 
  event rpg against monks ? 
  rub it in my face why do n't ya, 
  it 's fixed now . 
  gavin is the best player in the gents ' team . 
  smooth scaling, 
  oh , good idea, 
  and from 40 combat , it 's repairing barriers at pest control . 
  ranged can be cannoned and trained at the ranging guild . 
  magic is pretty obvious . 
  i could map my left click to always do this , so i would never accidentally drag them . 
  sweet idea , thanks !, 
  or alch , superheat or splash . 
  definite support . 
  i wish they made elemental workshop iii at least and finished the other quest series . 
  it 's really making the game feel incomplete . 
  leaf bladed sword is pretty good, 
  50 range is pretty low . 
  you could get around 68 with that combat level . 
  poppin ' lollin ', 
  never give up, 
  steel bars, 
  88th comment, 
  i used to get it right 50 % of the time , but the 15 flax just is n't worth the risk of being teleported to a random place of the map . 
  it says bot busting , not macroing . 
  maybe you were reporting people that were n't bots ? 
  what would a bot busting ban be for then ? 
  thanks for clearing it up . 
  it might very well be a mistake ban for op if that 's the case . 
  does recipe for disaster count ? 
  every single poll that would help pures has been voted no so far . 
  i thought iceland had dragons and bj\u00f6rk ? 
  i 'd prefer the previous one to this one . 
  people who use '' / s '' . 
  by doing this , they 're literally shouting in my face that they 're using sarcasm . 
  the whole fucking point of sarcasm is that it 's subtle . 
  most of the time , it 's not even sarcasm either . 
  it 's just people saying an obviously incorrect sentence and playing it off as a ( horrible ) joke . 
  if they ca n't understand it , it 's their fault , not yours . 
  agreed . 
  they should officially call it a feature and turn it into a minigame or something if they 're going to keep it . 
  enter a portal with enough runes for 7300 spells and take a nap or something . 
   murder sammy guys, 
  i 'm confused . 
  do they mean zamorak ( zammy ) or saradomin ? 
  that 's a rather hacky solution . 
  let 's just throw some newspapers on john c 's diarrhea and it will all go away . 
  could you make splitbark armour available for free to play players ? 
  it is dead content in pay to play and it would give some life to magic in free to play . 
  the guy that makes the armour is located in free to play as well , but i do n't know if the materials would ever be available to free to play . 
  could you make crossbows up to mithril available for free to play players ?
