  how about free runes up to chaos/death ? 
  i 've always figured this is in addition to your actual weight , so unless your runescape weight goes to -80 kg , you should be fine . 
  it 's funny , everyone should have been floating when the spottier cape weight stacking bug came about . 
  agreed . 
  give them the bonesaw treatment . 
  could be a hijacked account ? 
  neither of us are ugric though . 
  that 's because they were released in 2006 . 
  wow , i 'm actually level 42 too with 40 attack , 55 strength and 63 range . 
  ca n't pk right now though , sorry . 
  rsn : acting, 
  yeah , hardcore prodding it . 
  that 's just crossing the line . 
  quitting until this is fixed . 
  support !, 
  would be pretty cool . 
  not after mars jesus ? 
  only now am i realising how small the cows in runescape are . 
  which would justify the drop table . 
  hey , nobody said wyverns do n't need a nerf . 
  lots of john c 's rubbish needs to be picked up . 
  should make a youtube series : `` 99 mage with as few clicks as possible '', 
  i just want swapping to be banned , so they will stop spamming their clan chats . 
  oh wow , i made one too . 
  yeah just ignore the warning its outdated they removed wild in 2007, 
  not enough demand for certain potions or supply for the secondaries . 
  it 's also for pricechecking items in your inventory . 
  gratz man enjoy your stay . 
  we love noobs . 
  why bluetooth ? 
  i think 2.4 ghz would work a lot better . 
  i think warhammers should be as strong as their battleaxe counterparts with crush . 
  right now they 're weaker and slower than longswords , which does n't make much sense . 
  horror from the deep is a good one . 
  getting tired of people asking if anyone is near the g.e. 
  thanks for the upload !, 
  try a different jre ? 
  i 'm sure some distros come with chrome . 
  if not , at least chromium or a quick setup for chrome ( like on crunchbang ) . 
  either way , chrome is practically the new ask toolbar . 
  every google website endlessly reminds you of it and [ some programs ] ( https://i.imgur.com/urbcmne.jpg ) even include it in their install wizards . 
  i 'm sure my grandma would be `` smart enough '' to install it . 
  some guy has a pool within a pool underwater . 
  the untrimmed attack cape looks sexy as fuck !, 
  i 'm guessing they ran out of runes before they got a rune scim from fire giants , so they decided to get 74 hunter levels instead to get one from ninja implings and finally got it . 
  let 's allow all other types of scams as well then . 
  i ca n't believe you were actually serious about this . 
  did n't you read the news ? 
  you start while guthix sleeps there . 
  south of seers village, 
  this is an extreme 3st, 
  wow thanks for that / s i thought you were serious, 
  how long did it take you ? 
  yeah , my username is zezima . 
  one thing that almost got me : people can impersonate other people in youtube comments . 
  except they do it even when i prove i 'm not a bot ... 
  10-year anniversary in a month . 
  also , post a similar ( empty ) poll on / r/runescape and compare the results . 
  you do n't see what flowers you get anymore due to the games of chance rule . 
  [ step it up ] ( https://i.imgur.com/az4sn3v.png ), 
  skilling drops for bosses are retarded . 
  their stats are identical as well . 
  not just combat stats either . 
  `` selling best mod '', 
  i imagine most of the ideas would be very bad and nonsensical . 
  weapons and armour are mostly alright , but noted magic logs , pure ess , rune ore and flax ? 
  might as well remove skilling from the game . 
  seems like a fitting place to share these :, 
  i have a couple more that are not on youtube . 
  i might make a montage type thing out of them . 
  lost my box traps ; _ ;, 
  75 def and combat bracelet ? 
  osbuddy is not resource intensive for me at all on linux . 
  what jre are you using ? 
  you 'd think they 'd be able to add more with all that bond money . 
  guessing your runescape name is linked to your osbuddy account . 
  yes !!, 
  the first thing i checked in osrs was if monsters still had those cool models . 
  it might be more passable if the dungeon was safe and did n't give any xp or drops . 
  this way it wo n't affect the game in any way and would be for nostalgia purposes only . 
  for example , when the slayer dungeon was released , the price of granite mauls dropped a lot , because the monsters that drop them became more easily available . 
  ca n't even handle the memes, 
  i 've had it spinning with the back of it facing towards me , so i could n't even see the front . 
  i thought you needed 30 mining to get in there ? 
  i lured my friend into the draynor sewers to get his anti-dragon shield . 
  since neither of us knew how to do dragon slayer , it was the coolest thing around . 
  support, 
  i would n't mind toggleable post-processing graphics like in op 's picture , but the hd graphics freom 2008 , hell to the no . 
  i think that should still be macroing major ? 
  it 's not much off from fully automated bots . 
  it 's not that obvious , considering youtube impersonation is very simple and effective . 
  edit : here 's an example . 
  it 's not a very good one , but it 's the best one i could find . 
  also , when you have to shiw an npc a quest item , sometimes you have to use it on them and other times it will come up in conversation . 
  it 's weird that they can still have this as an excuse , when osrs has more or less the same amount of players as rs3 and also that bond money . 
  do you really think that having a cat would change someone 's mind about becoming a member ? 
  see , even you fell for it . 
  i just spent like 2 minutes contemplating whether nun is actually a word, 
  maybe he 's all about runescape classic, 
  that 's a good idea for the full set ( staff included ) effect .
