  it will be an honor to see him . 
  wait . . does it ? 
  nnnnnnnow ? 
  truck to cartweel to chair, 
  yeah , it 's a towel and maybe a shirt . 
  still cool nonetheless . 
  i always thought that was for twitter . 
  so really , bitpay is their rival here ? 
  i really do n't think we need to change our flag to represent christianity . 
  what i would like , however , is to chang the english name of estonia to estland . 
  i 'm not a big fan of the - nia ending and [ some people ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jddit4ez7hm ) even associate us with stones . 
  also , it is known as estland in almost every european language . 
  nice to see wallpapers that are n't just half-assed screenshots for once . 
  yeah , people suck . 
  what did the irish boy say on his 8th birthday ? 
  why are you still using cold war terms ? 
  estonia and latvia are developed nations and they 're coloured grey on the map ( even though both of them have universal health care ) . 
   carrying lsd on a plane ? 
  haha , good luck op . 
  there would be no air without gravity . 
  comic 1 villain confirmed, 
  it would be really cool if we saw kuvira kill korra and take over the urn and then the we see a new earthbender avatar baby being born in a small village . 
  suddenly , text on the screen appears :, 
  new avatar series , coming this february . 
  and bryke would be like jk did you really think we were gon na cancel avatar, 
  here 's mine : http://vimeo.com/34178476, 
  dai li and ty lee really confused me at first . 
  `` you did n't hear ? 
  decapitated . 
  we had a funeral for a bird . '', 
  i just think `` i know your secret '' . 
  more info ? 
  can i still play it ? 
  i actually saw an nfc payment tag in a bus but did n't quite dare to use it yet . 
  video maas . 
  pretty much the entire conversation between korra and zaheer in `` the stakeout '' . 
  if you nouned the verb `` verbed '' , you 'd get a verbing . 
  i imagine they thought of these 10 years ago but it was too soon . 
  reminded me of the snake venom gif . 
  haha , i get the general gist of it . 
  it was outside of tallinn and it had nfc written on it . 
  you have n't heard of the guy who went 2.674 and crashed ? 
  my favourite is the tenzin derp face , but i lost it . 
  does anyone have it ? 
  nobody said the us intelligence was intelligent . 
  amazing detail . 
  fuck these comments holy shit i got excited . 
  it probably wo n't be as difficult if you live in estonia for a while and try to talk to people instead of simply taking courses . 
  too soon to include hiroshi ? 
  we had those in estonia in 2011 as well . 
  did not really matter though because most stores increased the prices . 
  same thing happened in latvia i believe . 
  good luck , lithuania !, 
  that 's where i know that line from !, 
  wow , you 're right . 
  [ thanks for ruining my life . 
  it 's alright on my [ ca53w ] ( https://i.imgur.com/tzl3g13.jpg ) though . 
  are you saying lok book 1 was bad ? 
  nah , you 're out of your mind . 
  oh god , that 's amazing . 
  yeah , bryke totally did that to spite these people . 
  you know , it was really unclear . 
  did anyone ever theorize that hope was amon ? 
  just bought it a few days ago . 
  i figured that if google did n't release another non-phablet phone , the previous one is still worth it . 
  oh , but it did . 
  let go your humanly tether . 
  enter the jungle . 
  empty , and become the monkey . 
  it 's the nose, 
  is n't it bloody cold there though, 
  you really think estonia is sober ? 
  well , you 're still wrong . 
  1 in 4 animal species , not animals . 
  how does he have 3 starters ? 
  i love this, 
  bolin and opal were very much together . 
  they had an entire episode of bolin winning back opal 's trust . 
  [ they did show them together . 
  there just was n't enough screen time or reason for them to have a separate scene . 
  linux is amon . 
  only hopefully it does n't turn out that linux is secretly a microsoft bender . 
  i 've been saying `` do the thing '' way before lok came out . 
  not trying to sound like a hipster here , it 's a pretty common * thing to do * . 
  \\ #truth, 
  it 's not even to scale . 
  ans what the hell is an mts ? 
  because i 'm 2 days late for this question and i 've never got it before . 
  i have given out gold though . 
  a car crash would totally kill them and crush the driver . 
  safety is far away from that seat . 
  hold on dude , this is badass . 
  that 's not base 60 though . 
  you 're still using 10 digits . 
  it blue its cover !, 
  sums up my reddit experience nicely . 
  i ca n't watch old episodes of family feud anymore . 
  alright, 
  i am become the comfy, 
  thank mr. skeltal,
