  i raise the jug a little when i pour milk . 
  that 's really sad actually . 
  this is the part where i really started liking gale . 
  too bad . 
  meet whom ? 
  the ultimate skill . 
  lassie in chains, 
  how would anyone know if he 's dead ? 
  this picture exactly fits my browser window . 
  thank you , op , for this experience . 
  smuggling triangles is allowed . 
  i do n't know man , have you tried banana peel ? 
  or you can inspect the element and edit the contents of the html tags . 
  i prefer the avatar version . 
  does anyone have that ? 
  i 've trained myself to automatically ignore bad photoshops . 
  you forgot to compile it . 
  sounds like microsoft 's marketing team alright . 
  i wish i could give you gold for this . 
  hello reddit i complained about someone complaining about a bieber post give me upvotes, 
  vi and emacs are similar text editors . 
  just going to point out that the face on the bottom right guy looks amazing . 
  props to the artist . 
  that 's really / r/mildlyinteresting . 
  timeless classic by mr. snrub . 
  you should n't call a metre the equivalent of a foot when compared to kilometres and miles respectively . 
  kilometres and metres are the same unit , just with a different prefix . 
  that 's what makes the metric system beautiful . 
  / r/cloudtobutt, 
  / r/nocontext, 
  why does this feel like a gif ? 
  he 's found his true habitat . 
  some futurama writers also have a ph.d. in mathematics , so i 'm not surprised . 
  good videos about futurama and maths :, 
  some people just arent moustache people . 
  every time when i have a relevant roosterteeth video to post , someone else has already done it . 
  it 's just not the same without a picture of them all laughing after every joke . 
  will people take the homeless seriously if they do n't look homeless ? 
  everything else seems to be reflecting nicely . 
  are you sure you have a soul ? 
  veni , vidi , veni, 
  if you 're still looking for the real results , http://www.esreality.com/post/2024663/mouses-using-flawless-sensors/, 
  gross, 
  i thought your comment was in / r/commentsfromgrandma, 
  i said re-poppable , not un-poppable , you imbecils !, 
  i do n't think the original can be seen . 
  that 's a huge child . 
  if beer can then you can too, 
  they didi n't even need to be twins . 
  one of them is only seen from far away and the other one is n't seen distinctively at all . 
  let me guess , you make six figures ? 
  agreed . 
  fry was frozen for 1000 years minus one day . 
  that 's a weird way to refer to a backpack . 
  good point !, 
  i need to rewatch the four movies . 
  pretty fly for a house fly ( trap ), 
  this reminds me of that iq test . 
  why ca n't you just keep your side of the field empty of players , so the opponents ca n't goal without being offside ? 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  damn , zaheer had a glorious beard . 
  it 's true though . 
  john oliver is the least funny person i 've ever seen . 
  i thought grapes eventually turned into raisins . 
  not safe for childhood, 
  a b c d e f 6, 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  at least it 's not toby . 
  if you look closely , there is a fence surrounding it . 
  there were more towers nearby , but were destroyed by the townspeople . 
  this is the only one remaining . 
  i suppose theft was a pretty serious concern . 
  they were mainly foxes . 
  it seems that some animals are coming back to it , despite the fact that it was abandoned decades ago . 
  found a video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al-u1xtnb8y, 
  they 're trialing it in the uk right now and it 's launching in usa in september . 
  is the first character a 1 , a lowercase l or an i ? 
  i think a ginger kid is what you get for having an ass made out of grass . 
  ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, 
  will you promise to upload it later ? 
  i have a need . 
  is that a japanese socket ? 
  [ lottery players ' face when ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/50246-so-youre-telling-me-theres-a-c-4olh.jpeg ), 
  did n't know they came in non-grounded versions . 
  bad keming indeed . 
  i prefer [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uezou0vrah0 ) . 
  you know , humans are animals . 
  yeah he 's shoving a stick up someone 's ass . 
  what 's up with all the punchlines in the title recently ? 
  was expecting a dick joke . 
  australia, 
  excellent promoting skills , you 're promoted . 
  enter t ' anus, 
  so it 's purely for hide 'n' seek uses ? 
  can confirm , just checked the gif . 
  they turn into penguins . 
  this image actually exists in my funny folder . 
  maybe it 's about leaves falling . 
  let me just cover this up with some floor, 
  that 's udderly interesting .
