  pretty sure bandos is mentioned in goblin diplomacy . 
  or was it the lost tribe ? 
  * works on players, 
  they could replace the xp boosters with nmz rewards . 
  pretty sure that 's members-only too . 
  i think / u/sheeplette might be right . 
  you know what that means in spanish ? 
  wrong . 
  three commas . 
  yay, 
  made anchovy pizzas at the bandit camp . 
  mined ores at the falador mines , superheated them into bars , smithed them using the anvils right there and low alched the items . 
  maybe the scalable update will allow you to increase the minimap 's size ? 
  this guy knows what 's up, 
  thanks, 
  now that 's a good idea . 
  hoping to join the 27 club ? 
  what was your biggest mistake and how did you learn from it ? 
  except now we have bots that spin bow strings and make magic longbows . 
  great plan , jagex . 
  he was 3 in 2008 . 
  wingnut dishwashers union, 
  that 's exactly why we need balanced money making methods and a better drop table for zulrah . 
  i hope nobody slashes your tires about it . 
  shout out to the cool kids ' spot at the al kharid furnaces . 
  they know what 's coming to them if they splash on a rat . 
  \\ #brap use \\ \\, 
  http://code.org/ has courses for all ages . 
  try folk punk . 
  [ laughs ], 
  east west , kanye best . 
  and even then they 're probably bots , except they actually bothered coming up with believable names . 
  that 's why i got like a 200 % margin from them the other day . 
  i really wish the lumbridge castle stairs had a `` mope at '' option . 
  mind = chocolate bombed, 
  it 's been done . 
  i thought the hitler quote was `` work makes you free '' . 
  we have conscription in estonia as well and like a year before , you have to take a test . 
  there you can pretend to be crazy and you do n't have to go . 
  the only problem is that they will write it down permanently and you probably wo n't get hired anywhere if you 're crazy . 
  a friend makes a living off making videos anyway , so i do n't know if he 's willing to take that risk . 
  also you can saw of a leg or something . 
  it would be russia vs. nato ... 
  they would have to . 
  switzerland has conscription too . 
  i 've been calling osrs just runescape and rs3 the other runescape . 
  well , you could have some loot on you , but yeah , the gp/h they 're getting is worse than when picking flax . 
  still a lithuanian citizen tho . 
  just visiting a country while still being a citizen in lithuania wo n't get you out of anything . 
  it would be the same as being in lithuania and just ignoring it . 
  also , nobody is forcing anyone to fight in the army . 
  conscription is just training for 9 months . 
  ukraine is n't a part of nato . 
  i 'm from estonia as well and going to conscription next summer . 
  it 's in formatting format, 
  five bucks that the bottom one has more character development than home alone 4 and 5 put together . 
  * only * half a cup ? 
  elephants are a lot bigger than donkeys . 
  eastern european ? 
  just replace the double xp tools with nmz rewards . 
  same with vials . 
  it is trending every time something big happens . 
  2012-2015 crushed it, 
  i re-watch every episode every time an episode comes out . 
  what is this ( x ) thing ? 
  what were you drinking this time ? 
  that church is an og . 
  that looks like it 's more difficult to write than it is to read . 
  now i wish we had more land in the southern hemisphere . 
  this is such an intense video for something as cute as rubber ducks . 
  so bighead will be made ceo of hooli , gavin belson will be hired to pied piper ( possibly as ceo ) and bighead will hire richard to nucleus ? 
  when we hit our lowest point , we are open to the greatest change, 
  mother fuck !, 
  could n't have said it any better myself . 
  it 's just that life is pointless and nothing matters and i 'm always tired , also i ca n't sleep , i 'm overeating and none of my old hobbies interest me . 
  the perimeter of the centre circle has to be the same size as the lawnmower 's width . 
  pretty brilliant . 
  clearly they did n't do the math . 
  my mistake . 
  richard was fired because of the `` human error '' in those episodes , so yeah . 
  reminds me of http://theoatmeal.com/comics/design_hell, 
  because wikipedia uses those citations and has the same information . 
  i know turbo is the dog 's name , but it would make an awesome name for a turtle . 
  what if the needle is made of dark matter ? 
  so , statistically , as a white person in the us , it is unreasonable to fear one race over the other . 
  does n't work for converting latex pdfs to word documents . 
  even so , i want a spin-off of jesse in prison . 
  it 's cool until someone walks in wearing the same glasses and sees you browsing gay midget porn . 
  what the fuck america, 
  what 's that in real units ? 
  til i 'm a lot of `` those guys '', 
  i do n't think that 's origami . 
  it 's just papercraft . 
  but k - is not a metric prefix : /, 
  lower-case k is for kilo - , not upper-case . 
  that 's good !, 
  but it makes you pansexual !, 
  same for estonia . 
  gold . 
  `` good luck '' is my go-to thing-to-say .
