  if it makes you feel any better , i do n't think either of you deserved it . 
  what a way to end the series !, 
  why is that even a poll question ? 
  i miss retro active . 
  there should just be a right click option when you click on someone in the chat that reports the player for advertising websites and ignores them . 
  why would anyone hire men if they can get women for 70 % of the price ? 
  that 's pretty clever !, 
  what about crossbows ? 
  there would be lots of more pking options if f2p had mithril or adamant crossbows . 
  why is jack guessing ? 
  why not ask them here ? 
  not a student by the way . 
  you should check out [ simon singh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjdizi9dqog ) . 
  nerds can be passionate about their subject and geeks can be knowledgeable about theirs . 
  / u/flyafar 's definition is better . 
  cannon ? 
  nothing beats `` you masturb8 '' in the tutorial island . 
  i 'll give you 2147m if you can kill me in under 2 hours with this bronze spear . 
  pretty much anything erik og joa did . 
  are you a mod ? 
  i think that , no matter the magic attack bonus , you should still have a chance of hitting , even if it is really small . 
  that 's actually not true . 
  maths ** is ** not plural . 
  9 : replies that complain about comments that complain about threads that complain about threads, 
  pretty dumb that it automatically formats to mmddyy . 
  luckily , my birthday is on the 3rd of march . 
  also putting anchovies on pizzas . 
  he wants pets to default to `` walk here '' , just like the engineering assistant . 
  that 's what i did at that level as well . 
  however . 
  i hardly ever ran out of food , because i did n't 2h when i knew they were about to eat , so i spent most of my time ranging . 
  no , most non-attackable npcs have `` talk to '' as the default option . 
  i 'd say they 're more low-end business laptops . 
  i 'd go with a thinkpad , an elitebook or a latitude . 
  you can get a used business laptops for cheap here : http://leiunurk.elion.ee/20/?171721, 
  would a telescope qualify as `` naked eye '' ? 
  what about an electronic one ? 
  was just wondering about this !, 
  my question : is there anything that changes the chance of getting stunned when pickpocketing other than your thieving level ? 
  i doubt that it 's true . 
  noclippers could take advantage of it and crash the economy . 
  that would be a cool myth !, 
  jagex gave it to you so you would subscribe . 
  at least 994 gp, 
  she should not visit russia ... 
  i heard mod mark told his nephew to stock up on these a day before . 
  it was his birthday gift apparently . 
  you have to kiss the one with the crown noob, 
  he checked the margins 227 times . 
  that takes some determination . 
  mhm . 
  is a plum bum like a bubble butt ? 
  full support . 
  f2p pking is one of the main reasons i play . 
  i 've been noticing lately that sometimes my 2h combos just wo n't come out right and your post clears that right up . 
  today i died like 3 times because of this . 
  looks like i 'll have to stop for a while . 
  addy gloves would be the same , but pure-haters won that one ... 
  well , that 's my new wallpaper . 
  do 10/81 in your calculator, 
  if there was a bug that added a permanent double xp mulitiplier into the game , would 75 % of the people have to vote for that to be removed ? 
  how do you think that would go ? 
  verified that this guy knows who the osb devs are . 
  actually , they 're 15 if their birthday is after 4/20 . 
  elite void, 
  [ although meant to depict `` cheese omelette '' , this phrase is grammatically incorrect . 
  you should say `` omelette au fromage '' , which means `` an omelette with cheese '' . 
  ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=omelette%20du%20fromage ), 
  some default to open and some to closed and it resets after a while . 
  some doors , like the ones to stores , make sense to be open by default , but this one i think should be closed . 
  next : too many cooks roosterteeth version . 
  how else would you compare them ? 
  what ? 
  the entire minigolf series . 
  i 've watched it through probably more than 10 times by now . 
  i got 170 in pre-eoc and realised that the summoning headdresses look way cooler . 
  meanwhile , after 32 easy clues , my best loot is a guthix page . 
  you can already feed it bones and such . 
  i think this would be a cool idea . 
  they do n't think it be like it is , but it do . 
  how did you update the hiscores without logging out ? 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but i believe that was an appropriate time to use `` is n't '' . 
  could you make a timer that shows you when your special attack regenerates ? 
  this could be used for two msb specs in a row . 
  wo n't that make boss fights a lot safer ? 
  also , low-levels could ruby bolt corp again and still be able to get the loot . 
  i ca n't be the only one who reads all of the dialogue ? 
  recipe for disaster is actually quite homorous . 
  yes !, 
  i 'd love to pk in f2p with a rune warhammer . 
  it 's literally used as a joke . 
  now you just need a serpentine helm . 
  what happened to the noob packs ? 
  i 'm guessing the snake 's culinary skills are n't anything special . 
  nah , it 's an incredibly good cape for the price . 
  why would n't you alch those at the fountain of rune ? 
  i wish i could play as little as you : /, 
  alching them is definitely more money than selling them to the general store . 
  the gentle labourer shall no longer suffer !, 
  maybe players could have free infinite runes up to chaos and infinite arrows up to steel while in game ?
