  it 's called splashing . 
  they are wearing a full armour set with vambraces , so their magic attack bonus is below -65 . 
  then , every spell splashes and they get 11.5 magic xp per cast without doing any damage . 
  they can fight a monster afk and not be logged out for 6 hours . 
  you can also use guthans at the nightmare zone minigame and train melee for 6 hours straight while afk . 
  it 's pretty fucked up , but jagex wo n't do anything about it , because it did n't pass a vote . 
  or have got, 
  they do n't think it be like it is , but it do . 
  could have got ... 
  when i see a falling knife , i worry about my feet more than anything . 
  i have absolutely no reason to believe that that is actually not hitler . 
  pretty sure the free version does n't have the item labels . 
  see : water obelisk . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kebyswdjdrc, 
  and [ this haircut ] ( https://i.imgur.com/lnktj6q.png ) please, 
  a week , really ? 
  it took me like 20 troll general kills . 
  so gilfoyle is even more awesome than i though.t, 
  yay, 
  shilo village gem mines . 
  if you 're mining on one world , bots will log on and out constantly . 
  it 's the same character build too . 
  20/20/20 with 40 range and 85 + mining . 
  prison pete is the guy you 're rescuing, 
  i can see it already . 
  people will be extremely grateful for the best oldschool update of all time . 
  agreed . 
  iron armour on 1 defence . 
  is this a joke ? 
  how did you get that backwards d ? 
  are you saying i 'm as mature as a 12-year-old ? 
  people did n't like it very much when they almost started dating . 
  yes please . 
  what are you selling ? 
  yes please . 
  what are you selling ? 
  no thanks . 
  that 's almost `` ice '' in estonian , so i guess it 's a cool way of saying it . 
  i feel like i 've seen articles like these for years now , but nothing ever happens . 
  gratz rarer than 3rd guard, 
  me as well also . 
  we need an afro 'n' specs item to honour op . 
  it 's pid . 
  finally someone said it . 
  adderall is a hard drug ? 
  i think it 's just a loosely used metaphor . 
  for example , the reddit clan chat is to runescape what cancer/aids is to humans . 
  they can bot a gathering skill and drop trade the items . 
  i hardly play 4 hours a day and still have no social life . 
  hey at least we have 3 months worth of dater now . 
  assuming hard clues are 25 % of them , thats 783 mega rare table hits and 78 3rd age items . 
  maybe disable it at places like the grand exchange . 
  high level ironmen still need death runes, 
  or a button next to the mute button that displays the info when clicked . 
  he might , but did he ? 
  if john c 's twitter followers want it , sure . 
  this made me express amusement . 
  i know i 'm a month late , but why would a 737 , which usually only does short distance flights , go from europe over the atlantic ocean and continental usa to the west coast ? 
  clicked on an image , clicked back and it 's [ removed ] . 
  damn you reddit and your magical anti-cache system . 
  if so , it 's a really , really , really , really , really well made fake . 
  have you ever seen a helicopter take off ? 
  they 're pretty loud . 
  having a scarf from the 2005 christmas event instantly made you cool . 
  world 40 here . 
  when did we replace the word `` luck '' with `` random number generator '' ? 
  how does that make sense ? 
  imagine the money sink if the clues were 10k or something . 
  i do n't think anyone in estonia even knows the rules to american football . 
  oh , that 's pretty cool . 
  they turned of the wifi and switched to an ethernet switch . 
  lots of hate for this episode , but i liked it . 
  when is prayer ever regenerated ? 
  my guess is that they bought buckets of sand and soda ash or seaweed from the charter shops , used superglassmake and blew them into things . 
  you ai n't shit until you get a pet fish . 
  pretty sure it was for security reasons . 
  that 's even worse than / s. 
  if you ca n't write proper sarcasm , do n't use it . 
  it 's even more fun when you 're hunting chins to kill the time . 
  i was on a level 44 pure with a dark bow and iron knives . 
  works like a charm . 
  i would n't say that you ca n't do it . 
  you certainly can with the right configuration and the fact that it happened made it entertaining to me . 
  is the church comment supposed to be contradictory to the first one ? 
  it 's like you can only be a gay rights activist or a christian . 
  it 's weird how everybody does that . 
  they 're cheap , effective and nobody ever expects a dark bow . 
  try banners . 
  you can use a [ diophantine equation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diophantine_equation ) to figure out how many different cookables you need . 
  and that 's were it all went downhill . 
  ibm also made a [ smartwatch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xjvvbeun80 ) in 2000 . 
  quoting bighead himself , `` larry [ page ] does n't do shit . '', 
  none of them on old school , everything years ago on the other game . 
  here there 's me and it 's 30 % likely that there 's another one . 
  god damn it . 
  128 + kills here and all i got was a long bone . 
  i just want a fedora . 
  sappy even, 
  also jane from breaking bad . 
  so ... can you pay with bitcoins ?
