  i think parks and recreation comes really close and they have one more season next year . 
  what are your thoughts on the jolla ? 
  estonia has 1500 + islands , latvia has none . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  they have to make kuvira look powerful and beating a post-traumatic avatar was not enough . 
  that 's a pretty good idea . 
  using bloodbending to brainwash someone . 
  your comment is me irl, 
  16:9 is a popular screen size ratio . 
  once in a blue moon . 
  there are still 5 episodes left , but a lot still is going on . 
  we know that they wo n't be making a new animated series for a long time , if at all . 
  the comics will probably keep coming though . 
  just watched that episode two days ago and did n't notice it !, 
  you were able to witness wan pretty well . 
  i do n't think you can put estonia on a linear scale like that . 
  it would have to be at least a triangle or even a square divided into quarters , similar to politics graphs . 
  the letter was n't from her parents . 
  it was from yu and xin fu , who led her to a trap and captured her in order to take her back to her parents for a reward . 
  either way , it 's amazing how much the capture influenced the future . 
  without metalbending , aang might not have been able to take down ozai . 
  you can delete this post . 
  so is this one . 
  i like my women like i like my filesystems . 
  fat and 16 . 
  with poor camouflage like that , i 'm surprised that frog even managed to mate before being eaten instantly . 
  it 's not just martial arts , they 've actually included lots of things from different asian cultures . 
  i just want them to animate the comics . 
  definitely want some scans of that . 
  teacher : timmy , can you show me the heaviest metal ? 
  lost it at transfat . 
  this made me want to slap some * thing * , 
  that 's beautiful !, 
  or maybe it 's just a really bad fencejob . 
  it 's nice to see avatar fans all the way from gielinor !, 
  inb4 bolin dies next episode, 
  the keming here really made it look like omages . 
  so a mix of these two ? 
  this was at the top of the front page for like 4 days sorry, 
  i 've always thought his twitter was satire on philosophy . 
  this is the most amazing site i 've seen in a long time . 
  it 's a table on 4 axes !, 
  you made it blurry ? 
  penis papercut, 
  last slurm ( winning cap ) - 6:38, 
  conveyor belt slurm + 12 minutes remark - 13:30, 
  upsized 480p actually . 
  upsized from 480p . 
  yeah , kuvira is probably koh . 
   finland banged soviet and birthed estonia, 
  probably not that . 
  it says made in u.s.a though . 
  those look like they 're all dsa keycaps that probably came from mechanical keyboards . 
  that would make sense , except the stereotype is that italians do n't shave their arm hair . 
  i 'm going with pasta on this one . 
  * sigh *, 
  but something bad happens in every book 's tenth episode and this is the ** final ** tenth episode . 
  something really bad is bound to happen . 
  * hmm , i think i 'll read this o - *, 
  i 'm guessing she 's going to beat [ or kill ] ( / spoiler ) toph next episode to make her look like she means beans . 
  what, 
  i do n't think you watch enough pornography . 
  [ child audience , eh ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mc0w7pbobdm ), 
  one of the socks looks like it 's made from a countryball . 
  like uber for dating ? 
  plot twist : the ajax worker got sick of waiting and is actually the op . 
  do they say op in tumblr ? 
  imagine avatar on hbo . 
  are you related to yakone ? 
  because most of the blood in body went straight into my dick and it 's not even a full moon !, 
  those are n't really the requirements to be on hbo . 
  they just air high quality stuff . 
  that looks very tilt shifty . 
  well done !, 
  korra and zaheer will figure out a non-retarded way to run the world . 
  republic city hustle, 
  do n't forget grav-mass !, 
  zaheer from the legend of korra, 
  yeah we 're launching a movie next year . 
  here 's the entire plot . 
  well , they 're not wrong, 
  i can fart on command . 
  i think fans would be able to do a better job . 
  call me a mayonnaise but i think i did the same thing . 
  same here actually . 
  to me , it 's really weird when someone says `` 3 in the morning '' and the like . 
  it makes more sense that morning starts when i wake up . 
  he died a natural death , so it 's possible that his appearance aged quickly as well . 
  yeah , he went and pulled a sozin . 
  i am taking a stroll on a ray of light . 
  that last one ca n't be true . 
  are you sure you do n't mean armadillo bear ? 
  if only [ lo and li ] ( http://avatar.wikia.com/wiki/lo_and_li ) were still alive . 
  exist, 
  in hugo , the eiffel tower looks smaller than the clocktower they 're in . 
  / r/stealapc, 
  quake live ? 
  come marching home . . 
  that 's amazing .
