  money . 
  small chance for a chicken pet would be cool . 
  nope . 
  even worse . 
  the charter shops are global in every world , so it does n't matter where you buy them from . 
  when the joke so funny you turn into a bovine, 
  `` anything for molly , in my asss '', 
  so you could make minimum wage with zulrah ? 
  it 's not a very good joke . 
  i usually grind out a gyarados before misty 's gym . 
  i know it takes a bit of time , but it makes a great team with charizard . 
  so he does n't get hacked , duhh . 
  what about the fucking nose ? 
  is that a dragon dildo ? 
  was asked in a q&a before . 
  they said they could do it . 
  you squeeze it , we freeze it . 
  i think it was about a month ago in one of reach 's last streams . 
  you can probably tell that they 've had their hands tied for a while . 
  look through the transcripts one guy makes to find the exact answer and stream . 
  45 minutes south of tartu by train sounds like it 'd take you to latvia . 
  and everyone loses !, 
  that 's life . 
  seems like a good opportunity for a quest ( hftd sequel maybe ) , but nooo , it has to be a diary reward . 
  i thought the climbing boots were mod mark 's doing . 
  wow juggling clues is not an intended feature reported for bug abuse, 
  that 's really damn impressive . 
  did you just do easy clues with entrana caskets all day for like 8 months ? 
  emote clues must 've sucked . 
  here 's a bright idea : stop making so much fucking slayer content ? 
  it used to make me happy , but now i 'm addicted and unhappy . 
  support . 
  it should be around a 1/128 chance to get a jad pet from giving a cape away . 
  ranging guild and barbarian fishing . 
  cakeday is your reddit anniversary, 
  inb4 removal poll and 95 % yes, 
  cool bot, 
  this was actually one of the better updates post-2007 . 
  support . 
  was it fly ? 
  it 's your swan fart . 
  then again , fuck nmz , fuck afk training , fuck zulrah , fuck wyverns , fuck john c 's droptables , etc. 
  i love this community xd, 
  you would 've probably got more upvotes if you 'd replaced the `` i '' with `` people '' . 
  the spirits of the elid have . 
  they mentioned one of them always leaving the toilet seat up . 
  damn it marie , they 're minerals . 
  he was sleeping on an armchair when richard went looking for another place to sleep . 
  does reporting even do anything if you 're not a pmod ? 
  it 's just a gif . 
  the icons look like default gnome and the de might be xfce . 
  the text editor could be anything . 
  [ according to this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/siliconvalleyhbo/comments/36eayq/looks_like_the_condor_cam_will_be_getting_more/ ) , it might happen next week . 
  think of the nat prices, 
  i do n't see how they 're going to make osrs another branch instead of a 2007 clone if they 're not planning on adding any quests . 
  questing is a pretty important part of the game , but want to finish the elf or gnome quest series ? 
  too bad , we need 20 more bosses in the game . 
  that 's quite lame . 
  i quit around 2012 and even then i did n't have a quest cape . 
  so now i 'll have to play rs3 if i want to finish the series . 
  thanks for the info anyway . 
  i think that was mostly reach . 
  touch grep unzip mount fsck fsck fsck umount, 
  gon na assume you 're part of the cool kids ' club with a name like schmohr . 
  jagex must love comic books , and not the marvel ones . 
  the odds on betting sites are 12:1 right now if you 're confident and not from estonia . 
  stealing creation with nmz rewards and it 's perfect . 
  but hunter is fun , fast and good money . 
  if i recall correctly , mod mat k stated that they would do something about nmz if it was used for gold and account farming/selling . 
  they could create the thread when they do the community stream and remind people that it 's up . 
  jared is keeping the others from being fucked, 
  how long until diary rewards will no longer fit on one page ? 
  so first they ask 129 questions about me and then my result will be hidden unless i sign up ? 
  they have obby cape stats and trimmed ones have a +4 prayer bonus . 
  imagine if there was just no xp gained one day and people would just enjoy the game . 
  what was up with today 's strawpolls anyway ? 
  would you rather have horrible update 1 or horrible update 2 ? 
  gee , i do n't know . 
  i usually see him in the catherby fletching store and the charter shops . 
  nah , quests would probably still give xp . 
  efficiency would be out of the question though . 
  my bad , misread it . 
  pay-dirt !, 
  `` oh yeah girl you want a duck puc ? '' `` sorry typo lol '', 
  i absolutely love productive bots . 
  keep it up !, 
  crystal math labs probably does . 
  coins are really inflated on runescape at the moment and people have lots of it . 
  if people can give close to nothing from their gold to make someone else 's day better , they 'll likely do it . 
  oh shit , you fucked up . 
  eggs are used to make cakes . 
  let 's have the god eggs make godcakes . 
  they have similar effects to spicy stews , but they always give that +5 boost . 
  reminds me of mike from better call saul . 
  awesome scene . 
  i need to learn this dance, 
  but was it 200 hours ? 
  is that openbox with the surreal theme and profont ? 
  it does n't really make you look bad if everyone has it . 
  i 've been tracking them myself and it 's not pretty .
