  it would n't be anything that would stop people from subscribing and it would mainly be to spice up the player killing . 
  i think it is worse than a rune 2h sword at all balanced combat levels . 
  could you make cats able to eat spiders ? 
  this would move splashers from the lumbridge castle to something like clan wars . 
  personally , i do n't mind that splashers exist , but i 'd rather not see them every time i bank at lumbridge . 
  could you make gertrude 's cat available for free to play players ? 
  this would help ridding the splashers on rats in free to play worlds , which is absolutely appalling to me . 
  i do n't think it is content that would prevent anyone from becoming a member . 
  could you make the cat training medal have a purpose ? 
  maybe being able to buy stew spices from evil dave 's mother for money after the recipe for disaster subquest ? 
  this would also be a money sink , since lots of people use the spices for boosts . 
  thanks !, 
  two means `` fuck you '' , which means that they can choose the person who drinks . 
  he chose nick . 
  oh , he 's just saying `` two to you , man , '' meaning he has to drink two fingers . 
  i think it would be cool if pohs were n't safe , everyone could enter it and at the portal there would be a list of everyone in their poh at the portal . 
  what i like about this is that people would have to throw efficiency aside and try to train at places where there usually are n't any people . 
  the entirety of gielinor would get a use . 
  great idea !, 
  i have some friends who refuse to become a member because they only allow themselves to play for the weekends . 
  however , it would probably have to be a lot less than 30 hours for jagex to ever accept this . 
  easy clues give magics . 
  had to be a medium . 
  support, 
  why the elixir ? 
  why ca n't they just be dropped ? 
  did you recently buy 100k rune thrownaxes and javelins ? 
  congratulate him for the treasonous ring . 
  it 's the best offhand strength bonus for pures right now . 
  do you really want to give them a 1 defence rune defender ? 
  pures use it . 
  defenders are better . 
  mains use those . 
  dragon slayer, 
  it 's okay though , i got what i came for : https://i.imgur.com/l7dmi9v.png, 
  i just got a flier . 
  get your axes at bob 's axes !, 
  [ fixed ? 
  ] ( http://services.runescape.com/m=hiscore_oldschool/hiscorepersonal.ws?user1=barcoding ), 
  that 's edgeville . 
  it 's a bad joke, 
  tfw nobody will know the struggle of reaching your first 1k because people will just give noobs 50k as a joke, 
  haha, 
  ~ ~ nematodes ~ ~ dwarves are people too, 
  it 's so brilliant we do n't even need a poll . 
  support . 
  did this yesterday . 
  cooked it first go at 45 cooking . 
  support, 
  there is no definitive best way to do it . 
  there are lots of ways to train hunter that give similar xp rates , so choose the one that you like . 
  i personally hate net traps , so i did birds 9-27 , eagles peak , ferrets 27-43 , falconry 43-63 , red chins 63-73 and black chins from there . 
  did you get all of the display case artifacts ? 
  jeremy can even ruin videos hes not supposed to be in . 
  their removal was polled , not their inclusion . 
  yes , endless hours of soul wars , endless fun . 
  hey , that was my question, 
  it is a bit strange that the hunter level requirementst cap at 83 . 
  furthermore , fire john c so this never happens again and slowly start fixing all the mindless drop tables he 's done . 
  are you forgetting about funorb ? 
  shit was the tits, 
  it would be cool if there was a list at the portal of people currently in their p.o.h. 
  then you can go in and kill them . 
  you 'll just get teleported to lumbridge if you 're in a p2p area and your membership runs out . 
  the raw food thing sounds cool . 
  just have a tinderbox in your inventory and use raw food on logs . 
  get both cooking and firemaking xp . 
  hon hon hon feed me a baguette, 
  life is but a meme, 
  zulrah/wyvern nerf first , quests the most . 
  how did you get 43 prayer in 3 days ? 
  there was an attempt, 
  minotaurs have a nice safespot , but it 's usually crowded and it 's multi . 
  is the boat ok, 
  reminds me of that digimon episode . 
  do n't remind me of that digimon episode . 
  oh , i thought the joke was that it looked like mod reach 's car . 
  nothing interesting happens . 
  `` imgurians '' seem to forget that lots of different subreddits use their site as an image hosting platform and treat every image hosted there like an invasion on their site . 
  how did you manage not doing a single holiday event ? 
  ```` well well welll ... how the turntables - michael scott '' - / u/ivyleaguetx '' - / u/spudge _ funker, 
  mithril/adamant swords , platelegs , plateskirts , 2h swords , platebodies . 
  just leave a buy offer for alch price minus nat price and it should buy overnight . 
  science, 
  just fix zulrah 's drop table and approach the problem by its root . 
  that was a bug ?? 
  so have some bugs , but this is just a clever use of chinchompas . 
  were n't they added into the game for this exact reason ? 
  yes , crystal keys were the only things wrong with zulrah 's drop table . 
  they usually only re-poll things that got very close to being approved . 
  they said they will have another near miss poll soon . 
  i missed the newspost that stated zulrah to be a fishing minigame . 
  i have an armadyl page 2 and two zamorak page 2s from 27 easy clues, 
  here 's my clue scroll tab : https://i.imgur.com/amc9kzc.png, 
  i think jagex is trying to tell me something . 
  360 180 90 90 fml, 
  can you make the range and mage prayers turn your xp drop blue as well ? 
  could just give it a black outline, 
  can you completely undo everything john c has done and fire him ? 
  oh , i do n't have 44/45 prayer yet .
