  no , no , no . 
  we do n't talk about those . 
   no wonder we left the eu when you have europhiles throwing round insults , left , right and centre . 
  and then  the eu is one big joke fucking lol . 
  oh , that one drives me bonkers . 
  let 's take for example sugar , there are a variety of granulation sizes for it so when you put a cup-full of sugar , the actual quantity differs from the type of sugar you have and which producer you buy it from . 
  therefor you end up with the same dish being more or less sweet depending on which sugar producer you buy from . 
  and on top of that , you have your recipe in cups all set and then you go to the store and buy the ingredients in pounds . 
  nice bloody work . 
  oh , and on top of that too , you have ingredients that you ca n't measure in cups ( like meat ) and your recipe ends up being a combination of ingredients by weight and ingredients by volume . 
  utter bloody madness . 
  edit : forgot about the bloody spoons , table spoons , tea spoons , and fuck-it-all spoons . 
  do n't even get me started on the fucking spoons . 
  first of all , mate . 
  calm down , my response was nothing but that crappy memetastic reply that has been circulating on british subs . 
  nothing serious . 
   i appreciate a romanian might not understand this argument because your nation does n't produce anything remarkable , but have a go at reading this a few times and see if it sinks in . 
  second of all , seems that you 're a bit of an ass , mate . 
  do n't expect people to take you serious . 
  third and last , was going to entertain the thought , but with your shitty attitude , it only produces disgust . 
  have a good one . 
  `` we 've had enough of these experts '', 
   ( like how the shape of fruits should be - a stupid idea , fruits come in many shapes and just because they do n't conform with your idea of aesthetic perfection , they are no less tasty or good for your health ) . 
  lol , people are still giving this reason as something serious . 
   or do you guys just want to stick it to people who dared to stand up to you , no matter how much damage to do to yourselves in the process ? 
  i think we should start a new game : `` question for eu or uk ? '', 
  [ well , it seems that if initial conditions change , people 's opinions tend to change as well - at least in the case of a hard brexit ] ( https://www.pressandjournal.co.uk/fp/news/politics/referendum/independence-referendum-guide/1054342/new-poll-shows-55-support-independence-referendum-tories-pursue-hard-brexit/ ) i 'm inclined to believe that she 's using it as leverage and a way to both push back against may as well as have a say at the negotiation table . 
  if indeed uk goes for the hard brexit , from what i gather so far , scots will change their minds . 
  seems that scotland might have more to lose from a hard brexit than england , economic hardship would surely change their stance in regards to independence . 
  my opinion , at least . 
  i do n't think the direct purpose of nicola 's 2nd referendum proposition is independence . 
  at least not the primary purpose in this case , but more as a tool to push back against may and the idea of a hard brexit ( since , apparently 55 % of scots would support independence if uk goes for a hard brexit ) . 
  it 's leverage to be used in the negotiations , a double edged sword : if it 's approved , it gives her power at the negotiation table , if it 's denied it gives her power at home ( i assume you 'd see an uproar about the will of the people , democracy , sovereignty , hypocrisy of uk wanting independence from eu while not allowing scotland the same thing in the union ) . 
  all in all , i think nicola 's a smart cookie . 
  seems that [ 55 % would support independece if a hard brexit is pursued ] ( https://www.pressandjournal.co.uk/fp/news/politics/referendum/independence-referendum-guide/1054342/new-poll-shows-55-support-independence-referendum-tories-pursue-hard-brexit/ ) , so i figure nicola is using that as leverage ? 
  i very much doubt such a referendum would be held prior to knowing the conditions of brexit , nicola is n't stupid . 
  might be the case that scotland stands to lose much more than england in the case of a hard brexit , so she 's using this to push back against may . 
  in my opinion , rightfully so , she is , after all , elected to protect the interests of scotland . 
  do you think she would ... barrage his garage ? 
  only if the basement hole is large enough , otherwise it 's bound to creak here and there upon insertion . 
  sure , i 'll pipe up your basement if you bend over enough . 
  there 's a slightly different and rather visual version too `` plimba-mi-a\u0219 coaiele pe coliva m\u0103-tii din bomboan\u0103 \u00een bomboan\u0103 '' , which would translate to `` i 'll drag my balls on your mother 's funeral cake from one candy to the next one '' really , when it comes to romanian cussing , imagination is the limit , anything can be a cuss !, 
  til : according to luckyio , i must be an otter made of copper , my username says so . 
  oh , i love this . 
  engaging in serious conversation until he points out facts to which you decide to go `` you 're a troll '' . 
  love it . 
  did n't basescu call kovesi a `` slave '' the other day ? 
  i 'm not aware of what was discussed earlier on this topic . 
  however , as far as i 'm concerned ( and i assume many others ) , the issue of an eu army has n't been proposed as a serious matter , in the past i 've only heard rumors , and that 's why i have n't voiced my support for the eu army before . 
  if it were n't for brexit , i do n't think the idea of an eu army would 've been pushed as fast as it did . 
  would n't it be fair to say that at the point of that discussion saying that the idea was a `` fantasy '' was also due to the fact that uk was part of eu ( without a decision to leave ) and uk would veto it in the blink of an eye ? 
  and since uk is leaving , the fantasy has suddenly become possibility . 
  honestly , i think eu is using the idea of an army as possible leverage when it comes to negotiating with uk ( at least that 's another of the reasons why it might be pushed at this very moment , ` coincidentally ' when uk voted to leave ), 
  truth be told , mate , both your british politicians and the british media has been lying through its teeth in regards to eu ( and uk ) for how many years now ? 
  decades ? 
  i 've lost track . 
  really hope thing 'll improve for you guys , brits are great and most definitely deserve better than the fiasco you 're getting right now . 
  coming back to this idea a couple hours later , here 's another article from the british media [ british government backs new oil well that could help wipe out rare species of giraffe ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/rothschild-giraffe-british-government-backing-oil-well-endanger-rare-species-murchison-falls-uganda-a7328886.html ) notice the wording of the title and the difference between the title and the first paragraph . 
  peculiar , is n't it ? 
  in the first case `` tell us what you 're up to or we 'll leave now '' the matter is presented in a neutral way , `` to leave '' has no negative connotations itself ( we do that all the time in our daily lives ) and thus lets the audience decide whether the banks leaving is a good or a bad thing . 
  once you put `` threaten '' in the sentence the morality is already decided by them . 
  in the overwhelming majority of cases for people 's everyday lives `` being threatened '' has a negative connotation . 
  no one 's threatening you with a good time , it 's almost always with something bad . 
  that being said , i have nothing against banks , companies or people , demanding to know what course of action the politicians will take so they , themselves , know what course of action they can take to secure their work/business . 
  i honestly do n't know if that was sarcasm or not . 
  huh ? 
  how silly !, 
  how do you expect them to throw the blame on someone else after if they do n't use emotionally heavy words and expressions to manipulate people ? 
  god , i just love the finnish language . 
  aye , i know , mate . 
  was just taking the piss . 
   i mean on average , all things being equal , you would expect the ratio to stay the same . 
  sensible , i think . 
   if i do n't read about a foreigner being killed at least once a week it just confirms my suspicion they are killing us more . 
  or you 're killing each other and foreigners sit there awkwardly trying to come up with something to say , like when your friend invites you in another social group and once you 're there he 's engaged in another conversation with someone else while the rest remain silent and try to figure out how much time should pass before they can reach for their phones and go online without seeming like they want to ignore everyone else . 
   75 should be killed a year . 
  * squinty eyes *, 
  countries all over the world do this from the united states , canada , brazil , japan , to portugal , spain , south korea , vietnam , botswana and many , many more . 
  it 's really not a secret and it 's a pretty good way of tempting investors , stop acting so appalled and horrified ; especially since in estonia for a non-eu person to be able to reside he can open up a company with 65k eur investment or 16k eur in case he 's / she 's the sole proprietor http://www.gencs.eu/news/index/162 and on top of that estonia has this brand new thing https://e-estonia.com/e-residents/about/, 
  republican ! = trump supporter . 
   trump supporter here  because the baby is innocent . 
  it 's really not that hard to fathom . 
  i am shocked . 
  shocked , i tell you . 
  not only north korea 's style , but also china 's . 
  after visiting the asian side , ceausescu and his wife were both very much influenced by their style , he was pretty much mesmerized and it 's easy to see why https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu0_hwt3riw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts49wmq2rlm, 
   that puts a very small time limit in the biggest negotiations in europe since the end of ww2 . 
  should 've thought about that before the referendum , huh ? 
  exactly . 
  that 's what actually preparing for a referendum of this sort means . 
  it 's like having a choice between food a and food b and you decide to do it without fucking knowing what the food does to you , if it 's gon na get you sick or not , poisoned , with a stomach ache , if you 're gon na get a high or start seeing fucked up shit . 
  most fucking retarded referendum i 've seen in my entire life . 
  wait a bloody minute , uk opposed internet neutrality ? 
  what ? 
  why the hell would the oppose that ? 
  should i , or anyone else here for that matter , start linking british articles or comments made by brits on europeans ? 
   too often i hear europeans saying that britain would never be so crazy / foolish as to x and being dismissive about . 
  these people have totally misunderstood the british mentality . 
  if the europeans start telling britain what is or is n't possible than britain will happily cut its nose of to spite its face and then aggressively push the narrative of what a great thing it was just to prove them wrong . 
  that was the mistake the remain campaign made , telling people what is and is n't feasible .
