  this reeks of corruption , manipulation and a money grab operation and i have only researched it rather superficially . 
  one last question for you , if you do n't mind , which polish party do you adhere to , or you are most fond of ? 
   the man-planted forest has unnaturally high percentage of spruce , which fuels the beetle infestation . 
  something 's fucky . 
  according to [ this article ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/poland-starts-logging-ancient-bialowieza-forest-despite-protests/a-19282754 ) only a part of the polish bialowieza forest is protected , while the part that stretches out in belarus is protected in its entirety , despite being declared a unesco world heritage 30-something years ago . 
  you argue that the unprotected part of the forest which is being logged ( i assume ) is `` man-planted '' , yet the article seems to suggest otherwise . 
  how come only a part of this primal forest is protected in poland ? 
  how much money comes from polish wood and who profits from that money ? 
  so is this not what is happening ? 
  is poland 's current government in fact taking care of its forest and not destroying it , and this is just lies ? 
  long term is preferred and yes , my issue is not the language itself , but the fact that the language is n't promoted in any way , shape or form . 
  most of my friends would n't even know that such a language exists . 
  if france and germany push for any 2nd language , the numbers will rise , that 's a given , the problem : do they want to push for esperanto ? 
  so far i have n't seen anything that indicates this , if anything they push for english way more than they do for esperanto . 
  another matter , and a very important one : esperanto is void of any cultural past , which , undoubtedly , is a great disadvantage . 
  being an easy-to-learn language is not enough . 
  sure a transition could work , we could learn esperanto , but the keyword there is `` could '' . 
  we could also learn french , german , chinese , common eldarin or klingon . 
  but , will we ? 
  i 'm not denying that people would be willing to learn esperanto , especially considering its such an easy language to learn . 
  my problem is that the language itself is n't pushed at all in european countries and abroad . 
  if wikipedia is anything close to accurate , there are 2 million esperanto speakers world wide , that 's nowhere near enough . 
  while china 's official website might be displayed in esperanto , take notice that europa.eu does not have an esperanto version . 
  an european language would indeed bring many advantages , but having one that 's only spoken by 2 million people world wide is laughable . 
  i 'm not terribly fond of english as a language either , do n't get me wrong , there are others that i like much , much more ( spanish , french , finnish ) , i simply recognize how spread out english is and its usefulness from that point of view . 
  take for example our current exchange , you 're ( presumably ) french , i 'm romanian , yet we 're connecting in english . 
  esperanto would be nice , but as a language it would need to be pushed very hard not only at the union level , but at an international one too , i would be against choosing a language that would isolate us . 
  i know neither germany nor france would be terribly fond of this idea , but thinking about it , english would make a good secondary language simply because of its growing popularity . 
  absolutely . 
  there is zero doubt in my mind that the pilot or the politician did n't knew what they were doing , this is a well known and established russian tactic , they always try to force their way in , little by little , to see how much the other party allows them to do until they 're put in their place and then they deny , deny , deny . 
  ( / r/russiadenies ), 
  when a single person is willing to put all passengers in danger just because he can , but then again that 's the russian oligarch scum for you , they do n't care about the well-being of other russians at all and they 're willing to sacrifice their lives if it suits them . 
  russia should look up to their more civilized neighbors to see how they behave in such situations . 
  well , that was the dumbest thing i read alllllllll fucking day !, 
  you do n't get to choose someone else 's name , douchebag . 
  that 's how we keep our stupid away as well . 
  our native language is the perfect wall to keep them separated from the civilized world ( with small exceptions here and there ) . 
  found via google : ___________ while a married man can become a deacon and a priest in the greek orthodox church , marriage is forbidden for those already in one of these positions . 
  if a man chooses to become a priest while he is still single , he is expected to remain unmarried and by extension celibate , throughout his entire tenure as a priest -- presumably for the rest of his life . 
  therefore , the decision to marry or not is one that should be made prior to entering the priesthood . 
  lol . 
  you do that , mate , you do that . 
  have fun . 
   where 's romania again ? 
  asking strangers on reddit for geography lessons is not a good substitute for your education system . 
   theres nothing humorous about this situation at all . 
  not op , but i disagree wholeheartedly . 
  there are plenty of things humorous about the british situation and i think that it 's better to laugh at them than to pity them , that way maybe , just maybe , they 'll get mad enough to do something about the situation . 
  so not only will i laugh when they fuck up , but i will cheer them on and congratulate them for these things , after all , they are doing these things by their own volition , no one is forcing them and they are of sound mind when doing so . 
  it 's not like they have n't been told time and time again about possible outcomes , that worked well , did n't it ? 
  `` hurrdurr who needs speeshuulistzz '' *** i wish them well , but i can not wish them well against their will . 
  it 's very weird and in the past year i 've seen that exact same narrative being shoved again and again and mostly from brits . 
  oh and also , the eu is going to collapse . 
  any day now . 
   everyone i do n't like is a terrorist haha , classic erdo . 
  our former dictator did a similar thing , except instead of prison he put people in mental institution and declared them mentally unstable . 
   the one in short dress thanks . 
  i would 've been confused by the other pink-wearing ladies if it were n't for your help . 
  guys , is it me , or does he have a very romanian face ? 
  tv show idea : take a dozen finns and put them in spain during daytime heat , film them why they try to make their way through the town . 
  bonus : in order to allow them to go back to finland they 'll have to solve a puzzle which can only be solved through close , arm-length cooperation . 
  romania will only play this game if we 're allowed to post pm 's from last year, 
  his/her flair is `` baiting '', 
  well , given how that 3 minutes answer of his was manipulated and shortened to a retarded soundbite , i 'll have to agree with him . 
  his thoughts are indeed too complex for these journalists , who seem to be either brain-dead stupid or intent on manipulating people . 
  quelle surprise / ce surpriz\u0103 / qu\u00e9 sorpresa / che sorpresa, 
   1 comment = this sub knows exactly what the left wing politicians are doing gotcha . 
  hey , do n't mind me asking , which country are you from ? 
  this is not a matter of logic but of public memory , media presence and emotional response , one is fresh and talked about more often than the second one . 
  yeah , but i can understand why , here 's the thing : ceausescu and his wife did awful shit , both of them executed on christmas day , justice served , revenge served , etc. 
  in iliescu 's case not only did he not get any punishment whatsoever , he lived on the people 's money for decades and only now when he 's old as shit are we getting him to trial . 
  i hope he lives a long , long , *** long *** time in jail . 
   username wew , eeeeeeeeeeddddddgyyy . 
  `` but as long as i 'm not held accountable , mkay ? '', 
   there is no source and never will . 
  but do n't forget , those other guys over there are guilty , not us , noooo sirrrrrrrr . 
  do n't talk like that to our finn . 
  [ when you 're 20 minutes into eu and chill and he gives you this look ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oyveizo.mp4 ), 
  the people look romanian , the houses look romanian . 
  but i 'm still not entirely sure that is somewhere in romania . 
  do we have a onion-worshiping village or something ? 
  i mean , it 's not bad , cause the onion 's damn good , sprinkle it with some salt , add some cheese , sliced tomatoes and * slanin\u0103 * and you 've got yourself a nice party , but still . 
  getty images too . 
  well , that makes everything * so clear * now . 
  hide yo kids , hide yo wife , hide yo wallet, 
   i was n't drawing a direct line , i was saying that economies could collapse under debt , dragging the euro with it . 
  is n't that possible for every currency that exists or will ever exist ? 
  people , op is trolling , please stop feeding him - he 's already morbidly obese . 
  * the french are coming . 
  * __________ dailymail headline `` lord buckethead reignites the chocolatine vs pain au chocolat war in france ! '', 
   piccadilly circus , oxford circus etc the romanian political circus too, 
  no , no , you misunderstand . 
  `` sictir '' is our romanian word , we got it a long time ago from turkey , and for all intents and purposes i think it means the same thing as the turkish `` siktir '' does , in this case `` oh , fuck off . '', 
   fund liberal there you go . 
  that 's it . 
  literally satan . 
  not just them , soros is the one to blame for everything . 
  i 've been personally accused that i 'm a soros paid shill when we got to the streets to protest . 
  look , i know this is election-related , it is obviously so . 
  but i think that people have a tendency to undermine such election `` stunts '' , while their purpose is crystal clear , one should not overlook that said politician identified and focused on that event , which says a lot about the politician itself .
