that sounds too expensive to be right . 
  you sure it 's not per 100 gigabyte or something ? 
  from the video it looks like his main form of `` art '' was a squiggly spiral thing . 
  it 's not like i ca n't appreciate any graffitti , but there 's a difference between good graffitti ( that can actually look good ) , simple tagging ( which is shitty ) and a fucking spiral ( which is nothing but `` hey , i 'm just gon na put some paint on this to make it look shit and i do n't even pretend i 'm drawing something '' ), 
  that 's one hell of a sentence, 
  probably because no matter how bad people make it look it 's still way cleaner than burning fossil fuels, 
  letsplay minecraft ep . 
  297522 , punching trees and eating a pig, 
  i know that you * could * if you wanted to , but the most contact i get with schwizerd\u00fctsch are when listening to the radio while i 'm driving to italy or wherever . 
  if a swiss tried to speak german to me , i would n't understand a thing . 
  that 's more like an ugly boat, 
   please , try to google the words `` apple connector iphone eu '' and try to find a link that is n't about the eu mandating a connector . 
  exactly . 
  strange how the largest and richest service `` isnt able to afford it '' , while almost every of the smaller video websites seems to have no problem ... 
  so you can just ... click the `` no please do n't take all my freedoms ! '', 
  button and it 's fine ? 
  what 's the outrage , then ? 
  yay saterland . 
  i always wondered why it 's majorily catholic , when basically all of northern germany is protestant . 
  do you really think the parents of a missing would care about privacy issues ? 
  like seriously ? 
  what do you expect ? 
  should we declare war on the us ? 
  because you will totally die when they cut off your water , right ? 
  not really , it should show the sizes of the countries ' communities on reddit , so it picks the largest subreddit of them, 
  `` omg they are everywhere '', 
  so will we !, 
  seems more common than i thought, 
  by that reasoning you should also outlaw nicotine chewing gum and nicotine patches, 
  notstandsgesetze are basically our form of martial law . 
  i do n't think we reached that point quite yet . 
  why ? 
  my doing great ? 
  hypothetically , if google had no servery on eu territory , would they have to care about eu laws at all ? 
  i think a website should have the right to decide what rules they want to have , and to ban accounts that are n't following those rules . 
  germans also seem to love \\ ^ \\ ^ , although i think it 's extremely irritating . 
  it 's really useful to identify germans online , just like ) ) ) ) for eastern europeans . 
   you ca n't expulse him unless you close the embassy `` germany ceases diplomatic relations with sudan over speeding ticket . '', 
  yeah , probably not going to happen . 
  well , most of it, 
  this is all i can see on that picture : http://i.imgur.com/ipfdach.jpg, 
  i did n't claim anything like that , you 're totally missing my point . 
  technically you could say either side is throwing around propaganda . 
  lots of people call the ( in their mind ) `` wrong '' opinions propaganda . 
  i was n't trying to accuse anyone of anything here . 
  call it propaganda , call it advertising , it 's all the same . 
  the point where it goes against my morals is if you disguise your propaganda as something else , like calling it `` education '' and/or force it on people . 
  i was not trying to discredit either side of the argument . 
  i strongly believe in free speech , even if it 's an opinion i do n't agree with , or an opinion i think is morally wrong . 
  no , that 's not what i meant . 
  everything that 's put out with the intention of shaping public opinion to your liking is propaganda . 
  most of the time , the word is used to refer to exaggerated or even false statements , but i do n't think that 's a requirement to be qualified as propaganda . 
  propaganda does n't have to be a lie to be propagdanda . 
  ellen pao drama ? 
  that feature was added just 2 weeks ago . 
  i guess that 's technically `` after the ellen paop drama '' , but implying there 's a relation is a bit far fetched . 
  and people are a lot more likely to comment on something they do not like . 
  i do n't know , these days , music and film are the most influential media for most people and they 're basically dominating those . 
  depends on if you count the usa as their own culture or simply see them as a branch of european culture . 
  cultural victory !, 
  no , i do n't . 
  i just do n't want anything that flashes , moves or makes a sound . 
  i was using ublock for a while but it breaks some websites when it 's on , that were fine with abp . 
  i dont really have a problem with people trying to make profit of their product , and i have more than enough memory not to care about a few mbs less . 
  as an outside observer from a country with a very different political culture , it often seems to be a bit surreal . 
  campaigning here has very strict regulations on what parties can and can not do ( lots of that is about trying to mitigate the disadvantage of being a small party ) . 
  also , even after you factor out the difference in population , there 's a huge difference between campaign costs . 
  for our last bundestagswahl ( national election ) , the party that spent the most money on their campaign was the spd with 23 million euros . 
  according to a random website i just googled , you 'd need about 50x that to finance hillary 's current campaign . 
  but i think the cultural difference makes following the us election more entertaining , as an outsider . 
  trump makes great headlines . 
  i did n't know the specifics , it was just something i read somewhere . 
  my point still stands though . 
  the us is one of the few countries where citizens working abroad have to pay taxes to their home country , even if they have n't been home for years and all their income is from foreign sources . 
  i think that gives them a pretty good reason to be involved in us politics . 
  i do n't actually know how this works , but does n't the recieving nation have to accept a diplomat first , for the whole diplomatic immunity to work ? 
  try your train station if you 're in a larger town . 
  if it has shops , they 're usually open . 
  honestly , i do n't understand why everyone seems to think it 's tasteless and ugly . 
  i had n't heard about the city before , but on these pictures , this `` classic architecture meets modern design '' theme works out really well , at least for me . 
  i think that is because in most dialects english does n't really have the pronouned r sound that you know from the german language . 
  the common pronounciation of r in english is closer to the r/l sound in japanese . 
  are you seriously implying it 's okay to protest violently and assault people , just because they have a different opinion ? 
  i do n't think you should be downvoted for this , because you 're technically correct . 
  but even though the dictionary definition would agree with you , it 's not how the word is usually used . 
  you have to consider the cultural differences though . 
  guns , for example . 
  if the us government tried to regulate gun ownership like most eu countries do , they 'd have massive backlash and protests . 
  it 's not that funny . 
  that just happened to be the most popular design at the time when cannons came into widespread use . 
  the shape is supposed to deflect cannon balls , and make it hard to hit the wall straight on ( as opposed to at an angle ) . 
  at least that 's what i remember . 
  the oath did n't really strike me as weird , that 's just some old-timey thing that presidents probably recited for the last century or longer . 
  the 30 or something minutes dedicated to pastor that read religious passages seemed oddly out of place though . 
  exactly what i mean !, 
  i would not argue against developmental aid for these namibian communities , just like i would n't argue against defending the freedom of religion for jewish communities in germany , or the state of israel ( even though i 'm admittedly not entirely happy about the situation there ) . 
  what bothers me is the tone of their quoted arguments and the fact that they only want to accept cash , nothing else . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm in no way opposed to recognizing the genocide , accepting that it was morally wrong . 
  but i ca n't see how germany of today , people who have not even been alive , let alone participants in the genocide can accept any kind of responsibility for it . 
  how is that in any way reasonable ?
