  i am just a risk adverse person . 
  you can give me all the credit in the world , but if the business goes under , i want to be sure i have the funds to pay the debt . 
  it 's just me :(, 
  trump : `` we 'll build a wall with canada next ! '', 
  life under president trump : millions deported , millions held in camps president trump declares war against u.s. state hawaii ; claims it is a foreign land us : breaking relations with south korea for ties with north korea tmz : president trump seen golfing with vladimir putin and kim jong-un breaking news : eastern europe invaded by russia ; nato , us mute, 
  agreed . 
  you do need some form of capital though , unless it 's something like consulting . 
   paul ivan , a senior policy analyst at the european policy center , posted on twitter that `` romania is not part of nato 's nuclear sharing policy '' and that such a move would be `` politically too risky . '', 
  we are still afraid to piss off president putin . 
  life ca n't be that bad there , is it ? 
  just better opportunities to make more money abroad and take it back home , i 'm guessing ? 
  we have some money now to afford it !, 
   sweet , fat ( especially fried in lard ) * vomits *, 
  well , he 's not wrong . 
  it keeps the anti-nato folk happy by staying outside of the alliance . 
  and it keeps the pro-nato folk happy by heavily participating in the alliance , kind of stringing them along despite not being a nato member . 
  it works . 
  newsweek , you guys are fucktards . 
  relax . 
  we need to up our game on that . 
  can foreigners join ? 
  and this is the country we have entrusted our tech to , even the f-35 . 
  an internal struggle instigated by a strongman to find his enemies , then points to us as the instigator , ruining relations in the process . 
  even the cia could n't have predicted this . 
  what do you think of evan mcmullin , the ex cia officer who 's campaigning as an independent ? 
  he 's the anti-trump and anti-clinton guy . 
  evan mcmullin came too late . 
  we need to revise the treaty then . 
  we might as well make our bases accessible to our allies . 
  make it a global network for everyone , like they do for f-35 parts . 
  we support ypg , not pkk . 
  there is a difference . 
  just like turkey supports al-nusra , which is linked to al-qaeda . 
  no i mean kurds in syria , which we and europe supports . 
  we are a loose alliance of capitalist , morally corrupt nations . 
  but it works and ensures our survival . 
  the cia would have supported the coup with way better planning than what happened last month . 
  the coup in turkey was an internal struggle , and a completely weak coup , at that . 
  it is easy to hate the us because we harbor gulen . 
  turks also hate us for being friendly with israel and the kurds . 
  combine those reasons , and this is what you get . 
  the west fucked up so bad . 
  tank crew is not a bad choice . 
  if you die , it would be relatively quick and you die with your buddies . 
  what a stud . 
  sounds like a first world problem . 
  we can only dream to have those kind of issues here . 
  was n't around then . 
  must 've been pretty bad eh ... 
  after the accusations against our officials , they pretty much lost our support too ... 
  happy v day from across the ocean !, 
  i ca n't believe it 's happening up north too ... 
  canada is just god tier . 
  we have a questionable past , there 's no doubt about it . 
  i 'm more concerned how we even arrived to this situation in the first place . 
  it just seemed like a whole bunch of tension between europe and turkey at first , then bam , coup , and drama out of nowhere between us and turkey . 
  well , one thing ... i have to respectfully disagree . 
  the chinese have been well known for brash and reckless endeavors . 
  if you look at the boat rammings and island building , they do not give two fucks about anything at all . 
  i fear them more than the russians actually . 
  it 's because they have balls and no regard for international law , on top of being cunning and smart , good at cybersecurity , experts at hacking , and proficient at stealing military secrets . 
  did i mention a very robust , growing economy ? 
  additionally , they boast a much more powerful military than the russians , have the numbers , and are experts at seizing power vacuum , like you say . 
  if russians are keeping one eye open on china , we should pay close attention . 
  quite frankly , i think we are entering some scary times in the pacific theatre . 
  trump is an idiot ( maybe you can add the gop to that list too ) . 
  god forbid he gets elected . 
  yup , it is pretty much power politics . 
  i do not think we 'll break up this russo-chinese alliance like henry did . 
  sco seems permanent and binding , but i read a dw article , saying that china and russia are vying for influence in eurasia and somewhat are competing against each other , which is why russia started a eurasian economic union to counter the sco . 
  china 's ambitions , like the new silk road , were too much for russia i suppose . 
  you add in india and pakistan and it 's like 4 alpha dogs in a cage , scrapping over a piece of meat ( eurasia ) ... we wo n't need to do any breaking up , at that point . 
  development aid . 
  not military . 
  maybe because ukraine sold china an aircraft carrier ? 
  * shrugs *, 
   but on security issues they have to rely on the cooperation with the russians willingly or unwillingly , and that 's what suprises me . 
  how often do the russians and chinese go into disagreement on issues ? 
  from the us standpoint , the russians and chinese are the same ( part of the same security bloc - shanghai cooperation organization ) . 
  they are adding the indians and pakistanis soon . 
  china is in a security bloc with russia ( sco ) . 
  india and pakistan are about to acede . 
  it will give nato and eu a run for its money if we are not careful . 
  well , does n't matter anymore . 
  someone posted that eu contributed 11 billion euros to ukraine . 
  that 's pretty much germany + france to me . 
  we lost turkey to the russians . 
  i 'd just leave it . 
  replying back is pointless , gets nowhere . 
  ^ edit : thanks !, 
  ok , i was thinking of military aid but that works too . 
  indeed , it is a waiting game now . 
  but the polish empire is kind of poor . 
  its contributions are less than canada . 
  i am talking about * other * richer neighbors . 
  a whole bunch of drama over nothing . 
  go find the root of the coup before pinpointing everything at us . 
  turkey still has not provided us proof or ( extradition request for that matter ) that this gulen guy was behind it all . 
  edit : kind of interesting how europeans bash us alongside with the turks in this thread , but in the latest thread , they put turks on blast ... 
  strange how the anglo countries far from ukraine funnel money to the ukrainians , but other countries in europe are not putting in serious funds for their neighbor .
