  hold my coffee comrade , i 'm going in !, 
  we augment nato and provide a force presence in ee . 
  we do n't subsidize eu defense . 
  we 're not even in the eu . 
  problem is , europe is not really united on this . 
  there 's alot of disagreement between members . 
  some do n't want to defend other countries . 
  there was a thread on r/europe that showed polls that european nato countries do not want to defend other allies . 
  the only willing actors were us and the canadians . 
  british were 49 % supportive . 
  take that as you will . 
  to be honest , i do n't know either . 
  a small us presence to reassure nato ee would 've been enough imo . 
  then add in a bulk of french/german/uk and other troops , then we 're solid . 
  think of it this way . 
  if we had problems with russia on our side ( they invade alaska or something ) , europe would come to help us right ? 
  i do n't find it insulting at all . 
  more friends . 
  good . 
  yeah i saw that . 
  it 's amazing how far the poles have come if you think about it . 
  [ poland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uv9qu8j.gif ) right now . 
  yep , we still [ do ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/the-us-navys-combat-dolphins-are-serious-military-assets-2015-3 ) !, 
  we train sea lions also . 
  i consider their usa news side of things to be fair . 
  https://www.rt.com/usa/ when it becomes really fucking weird , is when news like this comes up . 
  to be fair , these are all articles . 
  i do n't read the articles but i watch rt on the television . 
  damn . 
  some guy stole the coins and the polish student was like `` wtf '' hahaa, 
  oh great , now you 're going to call me brainwashed . 
  seriously , watch it sometimes . 
  and al jazeera too . 
  it 's nice to get the other perspective of things . 
  i actually like rt , except when it pushes a very hard agenda attacking the west that is obviously bullshit . 
  but yeah , i can definitely say rt is doing damage in the us . 
  i tend to agree , it would be great if nato europe or eu takes the lead on more things like this . 
  the spearhead force is a start . 
  plus , every time we 're involved , russia gets even more pissed . 
  this . 
  anti-ship missiles are very effective and the technology has come a long way now . 
  you can fire these from planes or coastal batteries . 
  no boat required . 
  i imagine some poles taking me to the front line and bait me to my death hahah, 
  i came here for a romanian circle jerk , then see an american circlejerk ... coming from a swiss no less . 
  christ , what is the world coming to ? 
  now now , i actually like them and do n't think they are our bitch . 
  this is not exactly about nato troops , but romania pushing for a permanent flotilla of nato ships in the black sea . 
  problem is , it ca n't be a permanent fleet if members have to rotate ships in and out every 21 days . 
  factor in limitations and other rules as well . 
  that 's actually more hassle than it 's worth . 
  the only permanent nato flotilla will have to be bulgaria , romania , and turkey . 
  i know you joke , but the struggle is real . 
  last year , the canadian navy had to use [ ebay ] ( http://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2015/05/18/canadian-navy-struggling-to-keep-supply-ships-afloat.html ) to find spare parts lol, 
  * hello danish nsa *, 
  yeah , that 's quite a bit i 'd say lol, 
   ( 1853 -- 1856 ) those meddling brits ... russia has to sell alaska from a yank ... thank you russia and uk !, 
  blessings upon you all !, 
  aww :(, 
  context ? 
  the norwegian family should have taken more , in my opinion . 
  $ 30k is a pittance for what the girl endured . 
  you make a good point . 
  the whole system needs to be revamped , from the lenders to the borrowers . 
  borrowers who pursue degrees in basket weaving should not be allowed to borrow money , unless they can privately pay for the degree . 
   i do n't give a shit about the loans in my name . 
  what a great attitude to have . 
   i think living in new york city and going to a private university maybe was n't the best idea . 
  and the realization finally arrives ...  * i could n't afford this private school * , so i told my parents i really wanted to do this and they co-signed the loans for me . 
  i wan na say it was like $ 27,000 each year . 
  it 's a ridiculous amount of money . 
  wow . 
   i was , for sure , intending to pay the loans back . 
   once i moved abroad , though , i just stopped paying . 
  once you move abroad , you just kind of turn off that whole part of your life off . 
  they ca n't touch you ; you 're elusive . 
  but they started calling my parents , my grandparents , my past employers . 
  and i was just living my life in europe , kind of oblivious to it . 
  what a responsible person !, 
  / s i hope european institutions never lend to these people . 
  europe deserves hard working , responsible people , not free riders . 
   seriously , education ca n't be something that only the wealthiest people can afford , because it 's a basic prerequisite for getting a job . 
  even entry level positions specify that you must have a third level degree . 
  sometimes , it does n't even have to be in any specific area , they just want to know that you 're hard-working and well educated . 
  i disagree that you should run away , however , i agree with this part you said . 
  entry level positions should not have to require a bachelor degree , that system is absurd . 
  it is called an ` entry level position ' for a reason . 
  so do i. 
  but we are both not signing loan documents for huge amounts of money to attend school that is above your means , only to run off to another country , are we ? 
  people who are irresponsible ( gamblers and what have you ) , racking up credit card debt , and declare bankruptcy deserve to be in the low credit score hellhole . 
  in my opinion , that system is too lenient compared to what student loan debt holders have to put up with . 
  there are ways to pay back , loan forgiveness programs , loan repayment programs , join the military , americorps , file for disability , whatever . 
  people need to explore their federal and state options . 
  in my opinion , the american student loan system needs to better educate americans on personal finance or better yet , not give out loans to people who pursue useless basket weaving degrees , unless they can pay privately . 
  the private student loan system should also be banned . 
  the whole education system needs to be revamped , just like healthcare . 
  policy makers should not be exempt from this . 
  they too take blame in this . 
  you 've got to be kidding me ... 
  those same americans do n't know how valuable a degree can be in the u.s. , particularly one that leads to a lucrative career with great connections .
