  those same americans back in my home country ( czech republic ) are irresponsible losers who decide to run away from their problems whereas people like me pay student loan debt responsibly ( from $ 30k to $ 5k now ) . 
  what 's the morals in taking so much debt and running away ? 
  you signed and agreed to the promissory note , did you not ? 
  can you imagine if those people ran a country ? 
  one thing i will have to say is the american agenda that pushes young people to pursue college , as a way for a better life . 
  it is not always the case . 
  college is not for everyone . 
  not too mention the current system of handing loans to literally anyone who wants a useless basket weaving degree is not sustainable . 
  funny enough those same students lived a life of luxury in apartments in school yet cry when they see their student loans at graduation , the ones they signed and agreed to pay back ... 
  i agree your situation is unfair . 
  wow , that 's pretty cool . 
  certain states like texas have something a bit similar in a different concept in that they give you a loan to pay for your school but you must graduate on time ( typically within 4 years ) and then they forgive the whole amount . 
  but if you do not graduate on time , you must pay the state back , with interest ... 
  i agree , people should not be running from their responsibilities . 
  $ 50k a year for undergrad ?? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  [ medical school ] ( https://www.uth.edu/registrar/tuition-and-fees/medical-school---resident-tuition-2015---2016.htm ) is way cheaper than that and that leads to a lucrative $ 200k/annual career . 
  even harvard is free . 
  americans need to shop around and take a personal finance class . 
  there is no excuse to be in so much debt . 
  and no excuse to be majoring in useless art degrees . 
  i hope you were on scholarship and enjoyed the experience . 
  to be fair , i rather have our universities be run down if it means lower cost in education for all college aged americans . 
  where in norway and how do you make do with that amount ? 
  that 's really impressive . 
  wow , that 's truly something else . 
  amazing . 
  how much are we talking ? 
  i could n't believe it myself either but anything is possible . 
  personally , i consider russia 1st world , or at least the major populated areas . 
  it 's certainly not third world like somalia for example . 
  that 's third world ... 
  interpals.net  find rich woman from a desired nation of your choice  flirt/skype/meet  marry  enjoy your life in new country . 
  i have a few female friends who did that . 
  and one guy i know even got paid to marry then divorce right after . 
   you should look into japan as i think they are quite welcoming of migrants ? 
  i hope you 're joking ... 
  i am so basic , i have the same watchlist as any other redditor out there , but you know the usual , like house of cards , walking dead , game of thrones etc. 
  i do like man in the high castle and master of none and i recommend those . 
  they 're pretty good . 
  if you like crime and episodes fillers , law and order : svu is my favorite . 
  this is what i like to watch usually . 
  there 's just so many out there that i need to catch up on , that i am probably the worst one to ask for recommendations haha, 
  haha now i get it . 
  i have n't seen it . 
  i have a huge backlog . 
  how do you like it and do you recommend the show ? 
  ... shit ... 
  i did not know it was a reference . 
  i 'm guilty as charged . 
  what was it ? 
  yes , with an exclamation mark , 
  excellent information . 
  i wish my field ( medicine ) was in english . 
  i just checked and course language only in german , which unfortunately i do n't speak . 
  / u/gunnar93 - count posted some valuable info , i suggest you check it out . 
  i put my vote in for czech republic . 
  prague is an amazing place and cost of living is very reasonable . 
  many expats there and pretty women if you want to mingle . 
  also , the beer !, 
   consider both russian and ukrainian my native languages . 
  and fluent english . 
  ok . we would like to invite you to work for the cia . 
  check this article out : [ 7 countries where americans can study at universities , in english , for free ( or almost free ) ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2014/10/29/7-countries-where-americans-can-study-at-universities-in-english-for-free-or-almost-free/ ) but again , even the article mentions that you may have to be responsible for everyday living expenses like rent . 
  so factor that into your decisions . 
  it might just be cheaper to take advantage of your in-state tuition and apply for any scholarships , public service loans , state loans , stipends , and state aid . 
  europe is really open minded , the majority like americans , especially if you have money . 
  some are even louder than americans ( i 'm looking at spain and italy ) . 
  euroskeptics just want war and division in europe . 
  fuck that . 
  they call it united kingdom for a reason , mate . 
  we do n't want you here , go home . 
  joking aside , the countries with free tuition ( i think that 's sweden and ... norway ? ), 
  also have high cost of living . 
  so calculate that into your finances . 
  edit : i could be wrong . 
  undergrad is free , masters i do n't think so . . 
  the polish imperial empire led by snow vader . 
  the empire strikes back !, 
   i look like moby and spend all day thinking of military aged arab men . 
  hahaha, 
  i do n't know about children , nato was created by western europe and they thought it should include the us . 
  i guess you 're right though , if nato members fight each other , there is no way to intervene . 
  and that is exactly why we have to keep the eu together in the first place . 
  a fractured europe only brought war and tension to the continent whereas a united europe brought about business , trade , and peace . 
  euroskeptics arguing otherwise , are complete idiots . 
  i think the eu will hold together and grow in numbers as it adds more member states ( like montenegro , maybe ukraine , georgia , or turkey even ? ) . 
  uk might leave ... eastern half of eu will become economic powerhouses while west remains somewhat stagnant , especially with unemployment like in spain . 
   a fractured europe fighting with itself is of no interest to the us , so the us would probably employ a more ` hands of ' aproach and leave us to our own demise . 
  even if the eu falls apart , there 's still nato . 
  it wo n't be like wwii again , unless countries start to leave nato or something . 
  i blame the ipads , xboxs , and video games . 
  it 's certainly not just the uk . 
  do n't all places require permit to fish ? 
  [ je m'appelle mads - hyldest til danmark ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqjmlmdggc4 ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crab_mentality but yeah , it 's a shame we require visas for poles . 
  indeed , it seems we prioritize security over tourism . 
  we are all [ touched ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/ccyft ) by his noodly appendages . 
  united kingdom . 
  hey , i love canada and have to defend her against criticism , do n't cha know ?
