  and honestly , i think it just depends on where you live . 
  i just wish to clear up the misconception that healthcare not being free in the us does not apply to every state or city in the union . 
  there 's ways to get free healthcare , but it 's not as simple as europe 's public healthcare systems . 
  edit : downvoted for sharing first hand knowledge people do n't want to hear ? 
  that 's fine i suppose . 
  but it 's not really as bad as you make it out to be . 
  well for one you do n't pay cancer treatment with a credit card . 
  you get cancer treatment regardless of your ability to pay , health insurance or not and of course if you decide to proceed with that . 
  you typically pay to your insurance or to the hospital in cash after treatment . 
  if you 're having an emergency , you obviously will get treated no matter what . 
  the other answer is that it varies . 
  there are county hospitals for instance that will treat you for free or are low cost , the catch is you have to wait like everyone else , depending on your circumstances . 
  and of course if you are low income , disabled , etc you can qualify for medicaid which will pay all medical expenses at no cost to you at any hospital , clinic , and so on . 
  my mother had rcc stage ii and all treatments and surgeries were all completely paid for with medicaid . 
  however those were the years where we were poor , we are much well off now and carry private health insurance instead . 
  still makes my blood boil that these people lost their lives but yet justice may never be served . 
  i hope the perpetrators do n't get away with it . 
  this news has been posted alot already so it is getting old . 
  but still , nice to see these czechs welcome those us troops . 
  i myself miss going to czech republic already !, 
   besides organizing the warm welcome , matyas arranged for 400 bottles of locally produced beer to be given to the soldiers as a show of thanks . 
  i wonder which beer . 
  you just have to keep in mind europe has its pros and cons , much like the us . 
  depends on your circumstances really . 
  i can imagine austin or [ houston ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xztv1shvxs ) working out well for you . 
  low cost of living too . 
  that 's completely ignorant lol, 
  you guys should do it . 
  maybe after the whole us hype has died down obviously . 
  the world bank is headed by an american , the imf headed by a european , and the adb headed by a japanese . 
  not a single chinese . 
  it 's all about political clout and faster reforms in addition to china seeking a larger say in matters so they can call the shots . 
  they have only 5.4 percent voting power in the adb in comparison with japan ( 12.8 ) and us ( 12.7 ) . 
  ca n't say i blame them . 
  even if japan and us do n't join , it should be a good thing , if anything , for europe and countries like south korea to join to gain a western foothold as founders in the aiib . 
  / r/fakerussiatoday, 
  do n't mind him . 
  americans always try to relate to something at the top of their head . 
  even if it 's not relevant . 
  the americas know what 's up ... wait - is that nicaragua ? 
  for shame :(, 
  other way around . 
  ukraine had eu aspirations . 
  eu of course would not decline that . 
  you have a valid point . 
  it should go without saying for every superpower or regional power . 
  liberian or even malaysian flag would work too lol, 
  it would be cool if david \u010cern\u00fd created a sculpture of babies climbing up the side of pink american vehicles or something . 
  i always found his works and interpretations so interesting . 
  i do n't think it matters really , it 's just to get the point across . 
  just to clear things up its czech republic and slovakia . 
  czechoslovakia no longer exists , mate . 
  you just played into the stereotype that germans have no sense of humor or ca n't crack jokes . 
  it even confused a fellow german . 
  xd but no worries , i got your joke . 
  that soldier is probably thinking , `` wtf , even i do n't get such a reception in the us and that 's my home ! '', 
  sign up with italian army and tour europe on army vehicles . 
  any brit want to take a guess what party he belongs to ? 
  i 'm not sure what i can add to this , but maybe it will add some insight perhaps . 
  in my country , we sometimes have americans who feel the same way as the french . 
  they want immigrants/foreigners to speak english because they 're in the us , an english-majority speaking country . 
  you know , when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  learn to blend in or leave . 
  but to me , it comes off as ignorance because you ca n't just expect these people to speak our language right off the bat ( most of them are latin americans ) . 
  at the same time , i understand where you 're coming from with trying to speak the local language and hoping to expect people around your age to be able to speak english . 
  sometimes you will get scoffed at just for trying . 
  however , that possibly may have to do with attitude . 
  i had a similar incident like yours but it was with the italians ... to me , it 's still good to speak the basics to show that you 're at least trying and to show courtesy . 
  if they speak english , bingo !, 
  if not , pointing , gestures , and basic phrases will just have to do . 
  edit : just want to add . 
  uk and france are both very dominant . 
  however , one has the english language , the other french . 
  someone from the nordic region will obviously have it easier in the uk than say , france or italy due to the high english proficiency . 
  fair game . 
  oh i think i know what you 're talking about now . 
  i agree there should be some kind of timed warning system before deletion occurs . 
  the images of the ukrainian flag remind me that the real victim out of all this is ukraine . 
  nudged between russian , american , and european spheres of influence , battling between eu aspirations versus re-unity with putin 's russia , fighting against foreign troops on their soil along with growing unrest against their own government . 
  you ca n't help but feel sorry for them . 
  in comparison , western life is spoiled and sheltered . 
  i do n't mind this protest at all . 
  czechs have every right to protest and it is great that they have two sides protesting without resorting to violence . 
  they are a good example of a civilized and democratic nation . 
  uk also placed what appears to be a mans face on the greek flag . 
  i think we do already but why not pour even more money into them !, 
  http://i.imgur.com/3cxc1d3.jpg this is how i imagine telling a fellow american who is kind of `` hawkish . '', 
  well , minus the signs part . 
  oh i had no idea it was . 
  if so , i hope it proves useful for the kurds . 
  and i definitely agree that so long as the asymmetric wars continue , the a10 will prove useful . 
  however , it is my hope that we 'd move on already from the asymmetric wars and use the lightning ii ( or whatever they plan on calling it ) when we really need it - that is , against modern militaries with actual air defenses . 
  but of course , i hope that does n't happen anytime soon . 
  peace would be good right now . 
  i have a feeling reddit just latches onto the a10 in part due to its cannon and part due to being an iconic aircraft . 
  in reality though , it no longer is useful against modern air defenses . 
  it 's definitely suitable for afghanistan but that 's over now so ... 
  bloody yanks . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm on meredith 's side as she is the real victim ( no justice for a death ) and truly , feel sorry for all parties involved .
