  over here , uber will threaten to leave a city if the city makes the drivers do a full background check ( as opposed to uber 's online background check ) . 
  uber is retarded . 
  airbus is a small contract ? 
  give me a break . 
   africa is the country for once , it is not us . 
  none of what you said is relevant to the discussion . 
  i agree with ya . 
  it is true our kit is mostly american and british , but you have to consider that 6 of the top 10 largest arms manufacturers are american [ alone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arms_industry#list_of_major_weapon_manufacturers ) . 
  we just have a huge arms industry ( !, 
  ) , but that wo n't stop us from buying from european countries or other non-european countries , for example . 
  especially if it is a sensible purchase . 
  the airbus helicopters that serve our army and coast guard are a great example of this . 
  he is very down to earth . 
  we need more people like him . 
  by your logic , we should n't be buying european weapons , vehicles , and aircraft either . 
  besides , european militaries have mostly european kit with some american mixed here and there . 
  it is nothing like what you think . 
  european justice systems tend to focus on rehabilitation whereas over here we prefer harsh justice . 
  there are pros and cons to both systems unfortunately . 
  it would be good to strike a balance between both systems . 
  and they bring with them maple syrup and poutin !, 
  you may want to read this : http://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/research_reports/rr700/rr770/rand_rr770.pdf it basically goes over what we learn from the french . 
  however , that is not to say mali is a resounding success as it is still undergoing insurgency . 
  insurgencies in asymmetric warfare are extremely difficult to defeat . 
  afghanistan is a whole different beast compared to mali . 
  must be nice to have the uk nearby . 
  * ahem *, 
  dude , 3.5 % gdp for the military is a good deal for global operations and benefits . 
  * global . 
  * for what we 're able to do and what we 're capable of , that 's a steal actually . 
  have you seen what russia or saudi arabia spends ? 
  germany will rise again and increase its spending in these coming years whether you like it or not . 
  . . wow ... harsh . 
   [ obama : ` the world needs more canada ' ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/obama-the-world-needs-more-canada-1.3659172?cmp=rss )  sees chart , canada 0.99 % * disappointment *, 
  which is a bad idea too . 
  more than half of nato would be dropped . 
  it is better to say we stick together , talk the talk , and hold the meetings every year . 
  it is a paper deterrent after all . 
  that 's terrible though . 
  if you are neutral , you should be left alone . 
  young men far away from home in a foreign land . 
  it is best to keep them away from the populace , or establish villages near the base to sell goods and services to those soldiers . 
  this gives them a taste of locale without them venturing into dense population centers . 
  canada is the bro who shows up late to meetings . 
  do n't mind him . 
  not only is crimea in contention , but they have a frozen conflict in east ukraine . 
  frozen conflicts is russia 's way of preventing a country 's ascension into nato . 
  it worked for georgia , and it will work for ukraine . 
  they are very smart . 
  now if we lure russia into nato ... 
  that is not true . 
  since 2012 , turkey has been asking for help from nato . 
  you guys asked for missile defense and patriots along your border . 
  you also asked nato for help to police the turkish coast along the aegean . 
  in the recent warsaw summit , turkey wants nato to do more to fight terror attacks . 
  and let 's face it - without nato , you would not have pulled off shooting a russian plane down last year . 
  nato is not just there out of the goodness of its heart . 
  it is honoring its defense obligations and aids when asked . 
  do n't mistake nato foreign policy with western foreign policy that may differ with turkey 's foreign policy . 
  true . 
  it was more of speeding up the process and aiding the libyan rebels , if anything . 
  shame it happened . 
  those were some dark times . 
  i 'd argue we are still in dark times even now . 
  he * technically * did intervene in the libyan civil war via french jets . 
  west is probably tired of war on terror . 
  it is money being thrown into an endless black hole with no return . 
  probably . 
  that , or we are already at our peak to fight terror attacks . 
  our intelligence agencies can not cover everything . 
  french music is pretty amazing too . 
  something about it ... 
  live by the sword , die by the sword - applies to this case . 
  probably . 
  without a doubt . 
  i think we are getting closer to a european federalization with germany at the helm . 
  canada does a better job at assimilation and is more diverse than us . 
  we should look to them instead of looking to ourselves . 
  get rid of the guns while we 're at it ( impossible ) . 
  indeed , ideals are fucking shitty . 
  our riots seem to be based on the color of skin or religious fanaticism ( blacks vs whites or christianity vs islam ) whereas in europe , it is more along ethnic lines ( like british vs. polish or estonian vs. russian ) . 
  unfortunately , for us , we have guns added to that mess . 
  and let 's dispel once and for all with this fiction that britain does n't know what he 's doing . 
  he knows exactly what he 's doing . 
  probably . 
  people lack patience nowadays . 
  change takes time . 
  thanks !, 
  i really do n't read when on mobile . 
  thanks . 
  i was on mobile earlier and just briefly skimmed it . 
  but hey , it only took more than a decade , a passenger plane shot down , and two countries getting their territory annexed ... 
  that is respectable , but you are only one man . 
  germany , like everyone else , also wants to line its pockets and boost its arms industry . 
  the arms industry in fact benefits from the instability going on , especially after the bundeswehr reduced its orders . 
  selling to us , nato , algeria , saudi , etc. 
  is very profitable for germany . 
  and we definitely profit from it as well . 
  it is also too late for germany to turn back on its global involvement , because it has been long involved in afghanistan , mali , and now syria ( after france attacks ) . 
  germany is very well a major player .
