  it 's clear as day that the eu has problems with each of its member states . 
  no one can get on the same page . 
  there 's too much bureacracy and article 42.7 is too ineffective in the face of a stronger enemy . 
  just look at the pitiful response when france invoked article 42.7 . 
  nato is the clear winner and placeholder until the hypothetical eu army forms . 
  we do not fear the eu . 
  an eu in nato would be an excellent ally , like russia and china in their defense pact . 
  but as it is now , the eu member states are too easily divided and manipulated by outside forces ( russia and now , trump 's usa ) . 
  kuwait is what i like to call a ` headline ' war . 
  great for publicity . 
  ca n't say the same for the others . 
  has romania been attacked yet ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  one of two ways in the future . 
  we go completely isolationist and lose global hegemony or we try to put up a last stand against the rising powers in the shanghai pact ( china/russia/india / iran ) . 
  at this time , i think we 're trying to put up a last stand against the chinese while the europeans handle the russians . 
  we are not going isolationist based on what 's happening recently ( reaffirmation to nato commitments , etc ) . 
  it was wrong for us , brits , and french to not let the dutch know . 
  i agree . 
  this is something we have learned to not keep allies in the dark . 
  srebrencia is one of the reasons why the netherlands has beefed up so much of its hardware so to prevent being outmanned and outgunned in the face of a stronger enemy . 
  air strikes did arrive from 2 american planes and 2 dutch planes , but it knocked out only 1 serb tank . 
  the main reasons why airstrikes were held back was for concessions and for the un troops held hostage by mladic . 
  understandably , we were stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  if i was bernard janvier , i would have ordered the dutch to immediately evacuate the civilians ahead of the massacre . 
  imo , the blame goes out to everyone involved - france , us , uk , nl . 
  yes , including the dutch for evicting civilians who sought shelter at the dutch hq . 
  it 's all politics in the end . 
  sounds like a party every sunday . 
  huge contrast . 
  that is so much better and more representative than the one posted . 
  refer to lithuania as litwa . 
  it triggers lithuanians , but you can then blame the poles for brainwashing you saying that lithuania is commonwealth . 
  easy escape . 
  the guy responsible downloaded the wrong version off youtube . 
  probably . 
  it is best to establish camps separately . 
  women and children up to 18 on one side . 
  men in the other . 
  keep both groups segregated . 
  slightly awkward , considering trump is putin 's buddy . 
  exactly , no such thing as accidental rape . 
  hahaha , the chinese are very much like americans . 
  what are some examples of the rent prices ? 
  interesting , thanks . 
  what are the other cities you recommend ? 
  nice is on my must visit list for sure . 
  open to anything mate . 
  no point in exploring if you 're not open minded to things , 
  no , it makes them more of an asshole, 
  the french have reclaimed louisiana because of the growing popularity of the spanish language . 
  [ florida man ] ( https://twitter.com/_floridaman?lang=en ) at least you have miami but you do n't have any beach for it ... 
  to be fair , you have new york . 
  yep , all of those three . 
  california has many asians , so you 'll be fine . 
  southern california ( socal ) is a must . 
  huge asian community , many strange and unique fusion foods , you can catch theme parks there if you have n't been to one yet . 
  venice beach , hollywood , drive down pch , eat in-n-out , etc. 
  california seems to be everyone 's famous checklist place to visit tbh . 
  1 hour flight to las vegas ( a must if you 're in california , might as well , right ? ), 
  you can fly north to seattle , maybe visit vancouver but these are all optional ( sorry seattle ! ) . 
  check out the grand canyon in arizona . 
  on the way to new york , you can stopover in houston ( big asian population ) , try out texan bbq , and shoot some guns at the range . 
  knock off texas on your list . 
  maybe fly over to new orleans too to try out some crawfish and \u00c9touff\u00e9e . 
  possibly check out mardi gras on bourbon street if you time it right . 
  new york obviously for food and times square , but i can not comment much because i was only there for a layover . 
  people will hustle you no matter what race you are . 
  but i think new york is the main place to go to say you truly visited the us . 
  maybe try out tinder and get match after match due to the lopsided women majority ha idk :d skip d.c. , it 's just a bunch of buildings and monuments . 
  maybe finish the trip off in miami for some beach time . 
  it is known as the financial capital of latin america , despite being in the us . 
  there 's alot to do in the us and people usually underestimate how much money you need and how vast it is . 
  this is why i recommend flying to be time efficient , so you can enjoy the places you visit more . 
  also , if you 're privy to it , might as well visit the carribeans and latin america but that 's all entirely optional . 
  hahaha . 
  i am pretty built and i still use tour guides when i can . 
  part of the reason is because of robbing and scamming too . 
  you actually present yourself more as a target when you go with a tour group . 
  thieves automatically know who 's an american or asian tourist group these days . 
  by going with a local guide and keeping your group small , you limit that perception of being a tourist . 
  they might think you are a friend or even a local who lives there . 
  plus , it just makes the language barrier easier , you learn history , and know where to walk and eat . 
  even worst . 
  the tanks wo n't do anything good against the cartel . 
  you ca n't even bomb them from the air . 
  you need good policing and military all over the place to quell them , then flush them out with special forces . 
  if i were to visit paris , what areas should i stick to ? 
  honestly , now it makes sense why i keep seeing cheap fares to france since last year . 
  people really are scared , despite knowing that france is still relatively safe compared to other countries . 
  the wisest thing to do imo is avoid the crowds , so that means summertime ... 
  have you been to the us yet ? 
  the casual racism thing is more of an anglosphere thing in my opinion . 
  we generally do n't confront or jump people , and if we 're racist , we keep it to ourselves , rant , etc. 
  asians are seen as good , educated , and hard working here . 
  i can not say the same for the hispanics , arabs , and blacks unfortunately . 
  * low key promoting american tourism * :d, 
  i think it 's an anglosphere thing too . 
  we do that as well . 
  couple that with russia in your backyard .
