  unlike wwi and wwii , however , we 'll be at the frontlines this time around . 
  i hope that war never happens though . 
  at least he 's honest . 
  we 'll just give the dutch our bombs and hardware . 
  you guys will decide because this mess has too many factions involved . 
  but be careful of the `` red '' button . 
  i wonder what the west 's reaction to that will be , especially turkey being part of nato and pulling off a donbass . 
  will they criticize turkey or will they say he is an idiot , but he is our idiot ? 
  i do not know why poles are so paranoid about this . 
  it is due to history obviously , but since poland has been in nato and eu , there has been no kremlin invasion . 
  the only flash points that have occurred are in ukraine , georgia , and moldova - countries who are not nato or were too late to join nato . 
  buying hardware from us makes no difference whether we favor to defend you or not because we are already obligated to article 5 . 
  mistrals sold to egypt . 
  good for job seekers and those currently working along with their companies who get tax cuts . 
  boosts security of the country . 
  sounds like a win-win . 
  we had un resolution [ 1441 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1441 ) , which * we * interpreted as `` all means necessary '' for military [ solution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_and_the_iraq_war#positions_of_security_council_members ) . 
  it was ( understandably ) interpreted differently by other countries who voted against military action . 
  i agree that we could have freely vetoed against resolution 1973 and obama was initially hesitant to join in , but it just goes to show you that un resolution or not , military authorization and action is clearly up for abuse like it was in libya . 
  and our nut was bush . 
  friction between poles and brits . 
  lol this is how we feel when we give military aid to egypt and israel , but they turn around and buy from other countries instead . 
   you know that france was ready to go and solve syrian war once and for all but usa said `` no '' ? 
  yes , usa intervenes when they want to get more oil , like in iraq , lmao . 
  that had n't stopped france from intervening in libya . 
  are n't there a bunch of canadian icebreaker ships being built to maintain territorial claims to the arctic ? 
  russia has quite a few in the area if i recall . 
  by that logic that we tried to bully you to go into iraq , maybe you bullied us to go into libya . 
  what nonsense . 
  wow . 
  god forbid you speak english or russian . 
  what ? 
  on the bright side , you get tourists . 
  * moans from brits can be heard in the background *, 
  he picked north korea . 
  still better than detroit . 
  france does not deliberately bomb civilians . 
  france uses precision-guided munitions to minimize civilian casualties when bombing targets . 
  iceland gets my vote then . 
  you lack reading comprehension , christ, 
   fuck off , france with you salafi buddies from kingdom of saudi arabia . 
  what do you think they 're buddy buddy for ? 
  it 's relations of convenience . 
  france would fuck off the moment oil or money is gone . 
   p.p.s i wonder what would west do if thousands of fighters from nusra and ahrar al-sham took districts in , say paris , berlin or maybe washington . 
  i am 100 % sure they ( especially usa ) would n't use any heavy weapon and just watch how islamist roam in their heartlands . 
  you do n't understand . 
  these guys are just objects of convenience , pawns on the geopolitical chess board . 
  we 'll happily kill them after the west reaches our goal ( deposing assad ) , and we will happily kill them here in our heartlands . 
  the west are n't a bunch of pushovers like you think . 
  there 's an ulterior motive for everything . 
  well , that backfired hahaha, 
  / r/europe is a safe haven for some of us lol, 
  i always wonder who buys these types of magazines . 
  yep , i 've noticed this . 
  germans , unlike the dutch and the swedes , are against cash-free future , for example . 
  or fat kid america . 
  disgusting and pathetic dynamic if you ask me . 
  what does that make us ? 
  fat tony ? 
  france and uk are slim and willie . 
  we took too long that syria offered a diplomatic solution to remove chemical weapons and of course , you ca n't say no to that . 
  france was more gung-ho than us and had a chance to take the initiative but did n't . 
  plus , the uk vote set the precedent to not intervene imo . 
  i highly doubt the russians are willing to shoot down french planes and risk french-russian relations , or draw ire from eu and nato . 
  that might as well be suicide for russia . 
  we definitely ca n't be world police every time . 
  france is not a u.s. lackey . 
  what i do n't get is why did n't france intervene if they were so ready to go . 
  they did n't have to seek u.s. approval when they intervened in lybia . 
  we come in after the fact like we usually do . 
  i wo n't put a finger on any nation , but there 's plenty of blame to go around . 
  wwii was such a shitfest that just led to the cold war . 
  it was just a race between the west and ussr . 
  all that loss of life over ideals and politics , what a waste . 
  luckily we have not had a wwiii since then but we 're in cold war 2.0 now . 
  i think it was a bit more complex than that . 
  cameron 's vote got defeated in the commons ( effectively removing the uk from intervening and we hardly do anything without the brits these days ) , obama decided to put in a vote to congress , france did n't initiate like they did in lybia , and then the final dagger to end any talk of intervention - syria offered to give up their chemical weapons after threat of action . 
  impressive . 
  i thought it would be poland or czech republic . 
  romania stronk !, 
  also , uk and france did n't want to go in . 
  might have been better to not intervene anyway , only history and time will tell . 
  interested !, 
  can you tell me examples of some costs of living ? 
  prices for milk and bread , for example ? 
  i. . . i want to move there . 
  russia should 've built bases in vietnam and cuba before the south china hostilities and cuban-us relations warming up . 
  they would 've had a better precedent in my opinion . 
  it just looks pointless now , but like we say , `` you do you , dude . '', 
  yes , it is . 
  but the moron above tried to say sports is a soft power . 
  i would n't count baseball or sports for that matter as a pinnacle of a nation 's ` soft power . ', 
  it does actually . 
  japan 's influence has definitely taken root in the us and europe . 
  look at all the japanese cars , the anime , the fashion , the sushi and supermarkets , new tech , their games . 
  not that i mind it . 
  our soft power is just as strong in the form of mcdonalds , starbucks , hollywood , and trashy pop . 
  same , seems very warm and homely . 
  a place to kick back in front of the chimney and enjoy a good cup of brew .
