  for example , upper midwest has lutefisk , state of virginia has christmas oyster roast dinner , louisiana with their french and carribean inspired xmas dishes , etc. 
  cringe indeed . 
  i think it was always his intent to pay respects to russian victims but not attend parade . 
  unless this last minute change was from pressure from home . 
  considering the distance to mainland europe , it should n't even be a surprise . 
  besides , it 's not like the anglosphere is going to go anywhere . 
  i think canada is more likely to be 51st state of the union than the uk ever will ... which leads me to this conclusion : never going to happen . 
  this is a good thing . 
  do n't forget your distant distant cousin , canada . 
  friendly fire !, 
  in the family of western nations , we are that crazy hillbilly , self-centered , and annoying cousin that no one wants to relate to . 
  on the contrary , the [ city ad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvyvluhtcau ) that was on the side was very convincing . 
  i 'm sure we could have hired that guy to do our city 's tourist video instead . 
  you have already stated it - you have to apply yourself , join certain programs , overload your semesters to 18-19 units , or take may/summer sessions . 
  why ? 
  because the bachelors degree in the us has too many ge requirements . 
  instead , why not do away with those requirements ? 
  3 year options are still very rare in the us . 
  wesleyan for example still urges overloading semesters and taking summer sessions in their 3 year track and they are only one of the few to implement such options . 
  us students have enough trouble as it is finishing in 4 or even 5 years , unless universities do away with ge . 
  this is not too mention that the last 2 years of certain bachelor programs do n't have summer options , semesters only being available during fall and spring . 
  luckily for the future students , i read an la times article where california proposed a 3 year track instead of 4 years for a bachelors . 
  north america did fight japanese on north american soil technically during wwii , just not in the mainland . 
  see [ aleutian islands ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aleutian_islands_campaign ) campaign . 
  it took nearly a year for us and canadian forces to defeat the japanese . 
  but i guess i can kind of see where you 're going with the zero dictators , consumerism , wealth , no world wars on our soil ... in many ways , we are spoiled , yes . 
  you know , first world problems and all that . 
  but i would bet europe would want the relatively peaceful cohesiveness that exists in north america where countries are n't at each other 's throats . 
  it 's not the balkans or russia vs. ukraine here and it 's something we should be grateful for . 
  however , nationalities aside , now we got other issues to focus on like social and economic inequality . 
  occupy wall street is just the beginning of such things ( and perhaps another thing we should be grateful for if you think about it ... instead of say , war ) . 
  such movements would not bode well in some countries , for example ... 
  shit ... 
  to be honest , i 'd much rather have a 3-year degree than a 4-year degree as required in the us . 
  that extra year to get liberal education requirements done is just a waste in my opinion . 
  those students have an advantage over us students , for example , in getting into the workforce early , not too mention not having student loans . 
  i even recall someone here mentioning they finished grad school at 22 or 23 . 
  however , i agree with you . 
  universities nowadays are nothing more but diploma mills . 
  it 's just a race now . 
  mxp would like a word . 
  best to go with any friends you might have . 
  strangely , we worship british expats in the us but get spat on in the uk ( almost always in england ) . 
  polls show americans view the uk very favorably ; but it 's not quite the same across the pond on the other side ( not as high as we view them ) . 
  but at least it 's better than during the early 2000 's . 
  i still like them though . 
  but what if the french gov ' t already has ? 
  * mind blown *, 
  i once read on reddit someone blocked their house on streetview due to privacy reasons but when time came to sell , it kind of hurt their prospects . 
  believe it or not , but the french have a good movie industry too . 
  if he ever flips the switch and goes pro-western suddenly , are we supposed to support him ? 
  i absolutely agree that the decision lies within the uk , but i do think if you guys leave , the eu has considerably less voice and less influence . 
  i would even think the dominos would come crashing down if you guys leave , it would set a precedent ... for countries like greece . 
  whoever those `` antagonists '' are who say the uk is trying to destroy the eu from the inside may regret their words . 
  well , he 's not wrong to ban him . 
  there 's alot of interesting countries . 
  least interesting definitely goes to sealand ... 
  i know where this is going . 
  the nordics will just say `` but estonia does n't have the cross on its flag . '', 
  and thus came about galactic space travel , space wars , and lasers . 
  i 'm pretty sure romanian soldiers go to us for exercises too . 
  it 's not like us troops look down on romanian soldiers . 
  you know who did ? 
  during the nato exercises during the days when russia was on good terms with nato , russian troops looked down on soldiers from former soviet republics because they did n't want to be seen as equals as them . 
  i read something about that on this subreddit sometime last year . 
  lol i think yours is next to ours . 
  it 's probably behind that monument . 
  this is one of the most legit april fools i have ever seen . 
  i propose we should lure them out of russia with riches , wealth , grandeur , and women then have interpol catch them and send them to the hague . 
  i 'm day dreaming of course , but why not ? 
  do alot of dutch share that sentiment that troops should have been sent in or is it not very popular ? 
  no doubt , had some of my favorite beers in czech republic . 
  us soldier : '' [ czech beer ] is better than american beer , do n't tell anybody [ i said that ] . '', 
  hahaa good stuff, 
  you guys are rebounding so the rough times wo n't really last for long . 
  that looks pretty sweet . 
  he 's actually pro-european from posts i 've seen . 
  no russian shill here , maybe he is self-critical . 
  also maybe there is some truth behind his statements because some time ago i read there was a drone project called euro hawk that failed or something . 
  good points . 
  what about dallas ? 
  i did n't find the difference between the us and europe ( western europe in particular ) to be that drastic . 
  it felt like home on both sides of the atlantic to be honest . 
  some things were a little odd but it is n't as different like most people are making it out to be . 
  i lived in california for nearly 20 years . 
  are you talking about costco or something in regards to the bulk purchases ? 
  because california does sell 4 aaa and six-pack soda cans in many stores and supermarkets . 
  the nhs is definitely great and a better healthcare system than we have , there 's no denying that . 
  there 's pros and cons of living in the us and uk , obviously . 
  i ca n't say one is better than the other because everyone has certain circumstances . 
  one country might fit an individual more than the other . 
  i would say about 40 % ignorance and a good 60 % legitimate reasons not to emigrate . 
  you just got to weed through the ignorant parts . 
  you have very good points . 
  here , if you are low-income , then you will get all the x-rays , emergency services , rehab , surgeries , cancer treatments needed , for free . 
  unfortunately for the middle-class family in the us , there can be exorbitant costs in healthcare . 
  carrying private insurance is what keeps those costs down . 
  in some cases , middle class families are able to have public subsidies pay for insurance premiums , co-pays , and such like in california . 
  in texas , people are more likely to have private insurance , go to the county hospital for care ( even for middle-class ) , or have no healthcare at all . 
  to get a better idea of how insurance works , the netherlands is the closest thing to our healthcare system .
