  the hungarian way , 
   while being held in ireland , damache filed a damages suit against the irish state , saying his prison conditions were `` not even suitable for animals '' . 
  too bad irish judge did n't extradite him to us the first time ... 
  i hope europe and america get our own thing going and let those two have at it . 
  and they can learn what not to do from our mistakes . 
  sadly , a federalized eu is not happening any time soon . 
  countries are still very nationalistic and will not take shit from brussels . 
  fuck , i wish us politics were like that . 
  such a snoozefest over here . 
  probably because the person doing such a thing would 've got shot lol, 
  * somewhere in russia * cyka blyat !, 
  see ? 
  proofs of homogay ukraini facist !!!, 
  was this group well received by the germans ? 
   we now have crimea lol , what ? 
  is it just a conquest to them ? 
  a prize ? 
  how are they getting re supplied after ukraine closed the borders with moldova anyway ? 
  flags of our fathers/letters of iwo jima  generation kill, 
  i 'd watch that . 
  and finnish sniper . 
  boy , you 'd hate to be in america . 
  we 're patriotic up the butt . 
  car dealerships , man ... 
  wow , nice . 
  train them . 
  it makes more sense if we just give our equipment away to the nato armies . 
  * writes very stern letter *, 
  mmm , new ~ ~ car ~ ~ jet smell . 
  geopolitics . 
  the asian pivot was due to china which conflicts with allies and our interests in the pacific . 
  we did not calculate the threat of isis and russia , however . 
  they left command iirc . 
  they did n't come back until 2009 under sarkozy . 
  i ca n't comment from eastern/central europe point of view , but good luck convincing them to be friendly with russia , after what 's happened these last few years . 
   nato could be disbanded , and europe could finally be independent again . 
  nato is a european-created institution , the original founders wanted us in . 
  we do hold a strong influence in nato but that 's just the nature of the beast . 
  we never colonized you guys . 
  countries are independent and free to leave nato as they wish . 
  why the hell would we leave our brothers alone ? 
  this isolationist stuff is not realistic . 
  24 years later , montenegro invited to nato . 
  honorary canadian . 
   what , he could n't find any estonian women with strong personalities and well rooted in solid values ? 
  someone 's jelly . 
  that 's a desirable solution but i do n't see it happening anytime soon . 
  the problem with europe is that there are countries that do n't want to do anything with russia , namely parts of eastern and central europe , and then you have western european countries or your country , greece who want friendly terms with russia . 
  it 's difficult for europe to carve its own path if everyone is divided . 
  it 's frustrating to see . 
  what a shitty title , i thought the russians invaded or something . 
  i do not think so . 
  france kicked us out before and momentarily left nato . 
  western world . 
  ancestors came from there . 
  same military alliance . 
  same aligned interests ( most times ) . 
  same values . 
  business . 
  we 're the only one , especially with such force projection of large magnitude . 
  not too mention europe has distrust of each other militarily . 
  that 's why eastern europe wants us over french and german troops . 
  also , robert gates said it best himself - it 's not that the europeans can not participate ( militarily ) , but it 's because they do not have the capabilities . 
  or something to that effect . 
   well , except serbia , but with the current leadership , they 'll come around eventually . 
  ... i have a few balkan countries in mind that would veto serbia 's membership . 
  kind of like how greece vetoed macedonia 's membership . 
  and if serbia ever gets to the point of joining , russia might as well join too . 
  year 2555 . 
  book it . 
  glad he was caught . 
  i ca n't read romanian but how old is the kid ? 
  13000 czk for a 3 room flat near the center is a bargain in my book . 
  i never been to that particular area before , but it seems like a good location and not too close to the touristy areas either ( iirc ) . 
  neat , thanks !, 
  we should call him sarcasticmonkey . 
  i 've heard americans say romanians are the descendants of romans before too . 
  fucking idiots , though not necessarily a bad thing . 
  i usually associate romania with vampires , but thanks to / r/europe , gypsies as well . 
  all in all , that 's not unknown country . 
  that 's probably reserved for something like vanautu . 
  6000 czk for rent ? 
  can you describe the place ? 
  and in what part of prague ? 
  been there before , would n't mind moving there . 
  * third world western power that landed on the moon, 
  rip . 
  he 's a victim of geopolitics . 
  i agree , we must find another . 
  you ca n't combine rebels , terrorists , and government troops into one unified force . 
  you know we have failed when an american places usa in the middle of europe lmao, 
  sorry i 've been calling newcastle , geordie . 
  because of a particular show ... 
  wow , i 'll take their spot . 
  american refugee . 
  what the fuck, 
   posh  uk ... yeah , that 's what they all say . 
  until you go to geordie ... 
  trust me , you do n't want your country to be infested with mcdonald 's and hooters ... 
  imagine if somewhere in the us government , there is a memo saying we can not grant poland visa-free status because of one man , roman polanski .
