  they want equality and we have given them everything they could ask for , but now they take , take , and take without giving back . 
  this is why i advise all american men to be successful , work on yourself , and to commit to and marry foreign women only , like president trump . 
  he knows the deal by going for traditional slavic women . 
  our system in place is also at fault . 
  american women are falling by the scores to obesity , workplace and maternal stress , student loans , and debt . 
  it is no wonder when you compare an american woman and a european woman side by side in the physical appearance , mental , and financial departments , european women do by far the best . 
  i say this as a european born in the us and goes back and forth to both continents regularly . 
  we have it so shitty in the states !, 
  under this new administration , there is no shame . 
  we do n't even trust ourselves at this point . 
  i already said it . 
  that french tend to be arrogant ( not all ofc ) . 
  and that you have racial tensions . 
  i do n't need to explain it any further when the facts are all there . 
  that fondue part haha, 
  germany :d  and we made the russians pay for it . 
  have you encountered any racism or death stares in poland for being vietnamese ? 
  vietnamese are seen as hardworking and a great ethnic group to have here . 
  shameful . 
  but on the bright side , they hold even politicians . 
  you 're thinking of countries . 
  i 'm thinking of racial tension in france alone . 
  we ca n't escape racial tension , and neither can you . 
  http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/france-sees-millionaire-exodus-religious-tensions-rise-1552423 https://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/16/world/europe/france-chinese-immigrant-attack.html, 
  haha , the polls do n't lie . 
  even french admit they are the most arrogant . 
  can we put american women and rednecks in those 28 zones please, 
  it 's an american female , go figure . 
  even europeans do n't like these hags . 
  they are only good at bitching and whining . 
  certain ethnic enclaves . 
  both countries have them and there is racial tension in both . 
  french have trouble with morroccans , asians , and such , much like we have problems with hispanic and black . 
  obviously , both countries will have people who are accepting of others , like in your case but it does not apply to everyone . 
  wow , the napolean complex is real . 
  just relax . 
  the only people who are smug in europe are the french . 
  they are known worldwide for arrogance , even to their own . 
  the canadians invented pineapple on pizza . 
  greatest invention ever !, 
  thank goodness for jens . 
  he came in at the right time . 
  nato needs a strong and stern voice in these times , not somebody who will bend to the will of trump or putin . 
  the man who wifes this one up is a sucker . 
  we are russia 2.0 because of trump . 
  the eu is getting attacked from both sides it seems like . 
  the uk leaving does n't help either . 
  i 'm a little worried for the future . 
  nah , just your regular trump supporter from hick town . 
  calm down . 
  this is actually true . 
  i read a christian syrian family were unable to enter . 
  this is basically a vetting process for countries seen as high risk . 
  if this was a muslim ban , they should have included the kuwaitis , saudis , omanis , etc. 
  still , i wish more time was given to alert some of these people so they do not get stuck at airports . 
  the executive order was too sudden . 
  smart . 
  shame we lack a logical leader though . 
  we literally have a child in office . 
  the eu just needs to federalize and combine forces . 
  an eu in nato would stop a lot of trump supporters bitching . 
  lives were lost and should be commemorated no matter who lost more . 
  i agree it is excessive and unfortunately , we have to maintain it to hold global hegemony or lose it all . 
  some cuts should be done though . 
  if that were true , we would not have sold the f-35 to turkey ... 
  haha good luck with that . 
  we totally are unaware . 
  i never heard of them until recently . 
  the closest thing i 've seen is geordie shore , and that 's no where near close . 
  media and hollywood really influences people . 
  because now we have this stereotype of british people as a bunch of posh , classy folks . 
  god forbid an american encounters a chav in the uk . 
  they 'd have a form of paris syndrome !, 
  damn, 
  this is really interesting, 
  contemporary was the word i was looking for . 
  so from 1945 and after . 
  we had millions protesting ( also along the border with mexico ) during the march for women , but trump does not care . 
  he just took to twitter . 
  i agree we do not protest like europeans . 
  ours is mainly peaceful , but we have riots every now and then ... which also do n't do anything . 
  if m\u00e9lenchon is elected , i feel terrible for germany . 
  you already have russia , us , and uk being germanophobic . 
  you add m\u00e9lenchon ( a huge germanophobe ) for france and it 's like wwii all over again . 
  the only thing i can think of was when there was an attempted overthrow of de gaulle , but that does n't count . 
  unless you are speaking about french revolution , etc. 
  then that does n't count either . 
  i am referring to ~ ~ modern ~ ~ contemporary history . 
  even french people ca n't overthrow modern france . 
  so we think , but we 're tossing allies away and losing influence in return for russia . 
  we can protest and have riots all we want , it does nothing . 
  overthrowing the republic is not an civil option either , so we have no choice but to wait . 
  the only way he gets out early is an impeachment . 
  you 're kidding me ... you should be helping us to undermine him . 
  he did not get the popular vote . 
  there 's a couple of cities underwater . 
  their locations should be investigated to find the city of atlantis / s, 
  younger ones can be easily rehabilitated compared to older people , so it may work . 
  this . 
  that is french arrogance speaking .
