  hey i 'm on mobile right now but if you type in `` australian '' in the search bar to the right , there 's a thread that that was gilded several times showing what the aussies did . 
  the australian way is the most fitting solution to europe 's issues in my opinion . 
  well , folks . 
  you heard it here first on / r/europe . 
  i thought i was on / r/conspiracy for a second . 
  that 's what i just said . 
  it 's gulf states vs. syria and iran , or in their eyes , sunni and shiia . 
  it 's also us/eu vs. russia , but the u.s. / eu stance of backing the arab spring against assad is backfiring , especially with isis hijacking their revolution . 
  what we saw when gaddafi and saddam were deposed was destabilization too . 
  syria is the lesser evil here , and as such , assad should remain in power . 
  what do you want the u.s. to do ? 
  side with fucking isis to topple assad and iran ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  we do n't need to get into that geopolitical bullshit . 
  that 's on the gulf states vs. syria and iran . 
  our focus is airstriking isis and protecting the kurds . 
  assad and the alternative ( saudi , isis , and co. ) are both fucking bad . 
  but from what the west has learned , removing dictators like saddam and gaddafi just creates states of clusterfucks . 
  gaddafi stabilized libya . 
  saddam stabilized iraq , and also gave iran a run for its money . 
  greece and russia are in bed now . 
  we need to fuck off and worry about ourselves . 
  tired of this anti-russian rhetoric this country has . 
  * you know , hope is a mistake . 
  if you ca n't fix what 's broken , you 'll , uh ... you 'll go insane . 
  * love mad max . 
  not from our perspective . 
  putin is an effective leader who can unify his country . 
  if the eu was a country , merkel is not doing too hot as a leader . 
  even if isis or assad wins , it 's going to be a clusterfuck still . 
  these migrants do n't seem like they 're going to return anytime soon . 
  syria 's a mess , it 's not going to be like europe after wwii . 
  there is no need to join us for anything . 
  the eu just needs to stand on its two feet and find a more capable leader . 
  right now , it is just stuck . 
  it 's better now but we still got a few border [ issues ] ( http://www.nnirr.org/drupal/sites/default/files/onthefrontlines.pdf ) and it will never truly stop the migrants from coming . 
  after the countries in the eu get their act together , they need to do something like the australian [ way ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/334mq0/there_is_one_proven_100_effective_way_of_stopping/ ) to handle this crisis . 
  it is most fitting in my opinion . 
  i do n't see what the problem is . 
  russia should do what is in its best interests . 
  i would ride with them , looks fun . 
  at least we fight ourselves !, 
  but polan , the button wo n't even work . 
  we just [ stare ] ( https://zippy.gfycat.com/glitteringgrizzledfluke.gif ) at it . 
  you should see russia 's [ button ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aeowghy.gif ) . 
  i am really sorry to hear this , friend . 
   welcome to the weekly european news gathering . 
  we 're not europeans . 
  we 're americans . 
  it 's not exclusionary at all . 
  do n't mind him , he probably thinks usa is next door to europe . 
  it 's a different type of immigration . 
  these are refugees ( and dare i say , economic migrants too ) in mass numbers . 
  you should see the search bar , many topics on this . 
  i see . 
  that makes sense . 
  i wonder who in the coalition was willing to send in troops to fight . 
  last i read , it was the hungarians but the news sources were skeptical at best . 
  i 'm reading it right now , it actually sounds incredibly vague . 
   sending ground troops to syria to fight islamic state . 
  france is incredibly ballsy . 
  haha . 
  article 5 still stands though . 
  has n't stopped us from going after bin laden and his terrorist group . 
  is n't this article 5 ? 
  i wish those countries would stop fighting over such petty issues . 
  reminds me of this sub . 
  it 's been getting depressing as of late . 
  you guys need more yurop . 
  i see . 
  the us has less of the refugees and more of the economic migrants primarily from central and south america , so we do see alot of deportations unfortunately . 
  if there 's a benefit of doubt to refugees ( that is , ca n't prove they are economic migrants ) , then there really just needs to be a faster registration process in the eu . 
  the us way does n't match europe 's needs , especially with legitimate refugees seeking asylum . 
  if only the eu would federalize already , there would n't be this problem of divisiveness amongst members and the growing xenophobia . 
  but yes , the australian way is looking more and more appealing . 
  hell , top gear is in its own league and can hold its own . 
  i demand its own channel . 
  but at least you guys are vigilantly arresting and kicking corruption out . 
  eventually , it will get to the point where future officials will be less corrupt . 
  being militarized just helps to stem the flow of people coming in and keep it orderly . 
  over here , we register them , get their fingerprints and photos , look up past criminal history , look up any arrests , see if they have tried to come here illegally before , etc. 
  from there , we send them to either detention ( if they are at high risk of flight or bad history ) , release ( good risk of coming back to court , such as posting a bond ) , or give them an ankle bracelet that tracks where they go . 
  at the court , it is decided whether or not to deport them . 
  it is only asylum if they are escaping persecution . 
  in my opinion , the australian [ way ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/334mq0/there_is_one_proven_100_effective_way_of_stopping/ ) is more effective for europe . 
  what do you think ? 
  the thing about the eu ( not to knock on them ) is that they are very divided right now . 
  they play hot-potato trying to pass the buck or try to blame someone else . 
  then you have germany who wants other eu countries to accept more refugees , but those countries do not want to . 
  it 's all selfishness . 
   or even better - there are always russia and usa to blame . 
  i do kind of feel that way sometimes , like we are an easy scapegoat . 
  yet they ask us to help them in libya , which also contributed to this migrant problem since 2011 , in fact . 
  to be fair , they did help us in afghanistan so i guess it was fine to help . 
  then there is the issue that i feel we are being dragged into confrontation with russia in eastern europe and ukraine . 
  as much as we want to lead nato , we were going to pivot to asia to contain china . 
  unfortunately , ukraine crisis happened because ukraine wanted to be close to the eu , which eventually dragged us into that conflict , nato getting scared , etc. 
  and now we have to have troops positioned against russia to defend europeans . 
  i am all for defending allies , but i really wish the eu could handle defense themselves . 
  if you have n't noticed , i am pro-eu and want them to federalize because that 's the only way they can get shit done .
