   american berlusconi . . yeaaah , we definitely do n't want that . 
  some people just want to see the world burn . 
  true , now they can flank the enemy . 
  not to knock on luxembourg , but when luxembourg announced they would double their presence in mali in response to eu article 42.7 , this is what they meant : [ luxembourg sends 2nd soldier to mali ] ( http://www.wort.lu/en/luxembourg/response-to-french-appeal-for-assistance-luxembourg-sends-2nd-soldier-to-mali-56686b040da165c55dc4f4d0 ), 
  a large french foreign legion . 
  the only thing standing in the way are nationalist politicians who have different political aims on how they want an eu army to be used . 
  federalize , and the eu wo n't have that problem . 
  serbs and russians have always had friendly relations and `` brotherly bonds . '', 
  after the nato bombing , it pretty much solidified that bond . 
  yeah , montenegro is a strange case . 
   not so much serbia , bulgaria , or greece . 
  no , most do n't know much about those countries , so there is no hate really . 
  if you 're talking about government , yeah , maybe our government hates serbia and maybe greece . 
  likewise , they hate us just the same . 
  what a horrible ending , my condolences to the hostages . 
  i tend to agree . 
  it 's all relative to where you live really . 
  75k does wonders in texas or arizona , but in new york , good luck !, 
  i own a home ( no mortgage ) and travel alot . 
  :p you do n't need to pick one or the other . 
  but i get your point . 
  also , traveling is amazing . 
  just being able to visit different countries , experience the cultures , it is truly great !, 
  you need to get out of that city . 
  that 's horrible . 
  every time i go to a b92.net article , there is always a war in the comments section . 
  no , because the uk actually has class . 
  i agree with this . 
  with how reluctant germany is , ee can only count on the uk . 
  i 'm not sure if france is willing to commit to ee though . 
  they are preoccupied with africa atm . 
  you have to admit , that would be a godsend for germany . 
  with us out of the picture , germany and the eu can flex muscle economically and militarily . 
  i doubt it would strain ties . 
  we are tied more to europe due to nato though . 
  interesting . 
  so what are tax costs like ? 
  yeah , jack links is pretty shit . 
  it 's a very popular brand though . 
  i do n't know how to feel about this . 
  on the one hand , it would be good to see moldova and romania unite , it 's within our interests and of romania i believe . 
  on the other hand , we 're sticking our noses in places where we do n't belong . 
  you 're quite the idiot . 
  holy shit , 2:36 in first russian video . 
  dude just goes ham , preparing to fight . 
  and 4:08 , guy starts throwing punches . 
  russians really do n't give a fuck . 
   she talked about free healthcare and security of life as the main things that stuck out and made yugoslavia the harmonious unity it was . 
  what is healthcare like now , and by security of life , do you mean employment ? 
   that polish dude to the rescue !, 
   obviously switzerland would not be in it . 
  norway too i assume ? 
  over at / r/nursing , there are several european nurses there . 
  grats !, 
  if they are contributing to the german economy by staying , i ca n't say that 's really bad . 
  but i do have to say that americans there are annoying hipsters . 
  no one wants to hear about your shitty startup idea doomed for failure , your life story for the 30th time , or your shitty attempt at speaking german . 
  overall , i consider this a good benefit for both of our nations . 
  yup , its because we 've been ingrained with nationalism all our lives , since childhood singing patriotic songs and such . 
  unlike the other anglo countries that suffer from tall poppy syndrome , we were somewhat insulated from that due to us history . 
  not that i mind being patriotic since i ignore it sometimes or be patriotic every now and then , but it gets annoying every once in awhile ... like the republican debate . 
  were you born yesterday ? 
  we live in a very disturbingly , patriotic country that gives even nazi germany a run for its money . 
  well done , estonia . 
  `` no regard for human life !! '', 
  that 's very fast . 
  for amazon prime in the us and canada , it 's two-day shipping . 
  i suppose prime now changes things with one hour delivery and what not , but it requires a $ 20 minimum and only certain items are sold from the local warehouse . 
  `` cwm '' sounds progressive to me . 
  aruba does n't fall under [ article 5 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands/comments/3svxbh/would_an_attack_on_aruba_by_venezuela_trigger/ ) but i 'm sure the netherlands would clean slate with venezuela easily . 
  plus you 'd get some help in the area * wink wink *  but i 'm dutch , i would be faced with conscription , so i ca n't flee to the caribbean netherlands i think as i would probably get caught . 
  which is why i mentioned hijacking an easyjet / joke, 
  these people have nothing to do with the shootdown . 
  fair enough , but i would not take this letter too seriously . 
  it 's more of a `` concern '' or `` warning . '', 
  i do n't believe it will harm relations with poland or cause investment in other countries . 
  poland can turn into a dictatorship tomorrow and we would turn face the other way while continuing to give money , weapons . 
  there is really no pure , innocent democracy in the world . 
  all governments had periods of amateurism . 
  nations will always have ups and downs like poland is going through . 
  well , i never said the uk was weak . 
  the uk definitely punches above its weight easily and i 'm sure you guys have some of the best hardware and gear . 
  as to the air force , perhaps its poor planning . 
  you guys did scrap the harrier after all and sold us yours when the uk could have held onto them until the f-35 was finished . 
  that was a mistake in my opinion . 
  never knew the uk had one-day delivery with prime . 
  that 's pretty sweet . 
  a letter from old man mccain , what is he going to do ? 
  what a joke . 
  this is nothing compared to a probe . 
  well , the us is a collection of states . 
  california or texas could be its own country . 
  so it 's not really fair to compare all 50 states of the us to 4 states ( countries ) of the uk . 
  a more fair comparison would be the eu or nato europe . 
  from there , you can see the uk 's contributions , relative to continental europe . 
  i believe if you factor all of europe 's military spending and equipment , it comes out much higher than the us . 
  at least the gdp is much higher i believe ... 
  i knew this coup was coming !, 
  but it is too late - i saw through your motives and abdicated the throne to become the minister of fisheries and agriculture . 
  have at it .
