  good luck to you all . 
  the nation has fallen . 
  - why is gas so expensive ? 
  - brah , i 'm totally losing muscle tone . 
  - yeah , get money !, 
  - dude , i totally just blew thousands of dollars on strippers and booze . 
  i 'm broke now . 
  ca n't go out . 
  - i 'm damn proud to be an american !, 
  - times like these , i wish i was n't american . 
  - american women are the worst . 
  - you know we need to keep our workplace diverse , right ? 
  ( in the middle of nowhere , usa ) - i 'm not paying taxes for the welfare recipients to leech off of !, 
  - i know my rights !, 
  you ca n't arrest me !, 
  - pull out all troops !!!, 
  ( as if they 're the commander-in-chief ) - putin is stronger president than obama !, 
  look how weak obama is !, 
  - even kim jong-un looks stronger than obama !, 
  - russia is killing us in foreign affairs !, 
  - urban is superior than living in inferior rural areas . 
  - chinese are buying all our property !, 
  see what outsourcing does america ? 
  keep jobs in america !, 
  - when will our spineless country deport justin bieber back to canada ? 
  - no texas , no independence for you !, 
  - california , stop burning yourself with wildfire and giving aid to illegals . 
  budget deficit no wonder !!, 
  - we have illegal immigrants swarming from the south , quick , declare a national disaster !!!, 
  and all the creative and known cuss words in the english dictionary . 
  sounds like the us too . 
  we all got first world problems lol, 
  poroshenko ordered immediate humanitarian [ aid ] ( http://www.unian.ua/politics/936382-poroshenko-doruchiv-nadati-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-meshkantsyam-slovyanska.html ) to sloviansk . 
  we do n't like your country . 
  so we ban your products , cause mischief , and take away your land . 
  ha ha !, 
  - * russian logic *, 
   some day it might be time to leave the u.s. too much fasco-communism here .  america will fall because whites do not stand together - all you white americans are sick to let this happen . 
  sick !!!!!!, 
  ! youtube comments might be delusional ... or hold some truth after all . 
  i think france selling the mistral ships to russia might be a thorn in europe 's backside in the future . 
  this man should be applauded . 
  spoke the truth . 
  if ukraine was in nato , nato would mobilize . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  they 're not , so nato monitors the russian border , opens funds for ua , holds military exercises , etc. 
  the crimean annexation was a short victory to russia . 
  it only pushed ukraine and now even sweden and finland to nato , along with moldova and georgia signing eu agreements . 
  russia lost the long term victory . 
  so no , eu/nato did not lose . 
  i personally think both countries are in the wrong . 
  you have to understand that this is a european forum . 
  they are as anti-putin as they are anti-american . 
  though russian influence is getting stronger imo than us influence . 
  in the end , europe just wants to be strong on its own . 
  the us is n't number one though . 
  no one said that . 
  there 's still things to work on . 
  and your perspective of how a country celebrates certain achievements will obviously be different from other people in their respective countries . 
  let 's just leave it at that . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  wow that newcastle beer `` if we won '' ad on the side of reddit is pretty pathetic . 
  so you list weaknesses and imply the us has no achievements ? 
  history has shown superpowers do n't last forever . 
  relax . 
  as if reddit represents 75 % of the country . 
  says it 's good to be proud of one 's country but bashes that patriot 's country . 
  should mind one 's business . 
  much wow . 
  exactly and where is all of that now ? 
  is it now merely reduced to a pawn to america 's military bases ? 
  can the uk replicate conquering countries in this time of age without the un going nuts ? 
  i think it 's good . 
  i would not be surprised if europe falls under russian influence this century . 
  it 's more preferential . 
  the fall of the ussr was just a guise . 
  and ukraine is the first step . 
  plus russian gas is amazing . 
  italy generally has good relations with russia . 
  they are pro-russia . 
  not surprised . 
  of course not , it was an allied victory with the soviet bulk forces fighting germany and getting to berlin . 
  says alot about what the british empire has achieved , mate . 
  so europe should have been ruled by the soviets to this day . 
  no , it 's a sense of entitlement that europeans have . 
  almost like welfare . 
  `` i know we hate yuo but oh please america , we need yuo for your bombs in ze libya , we ca n't handle our own shit ourselves . '', 
  nazi germany or russia should have ruled over europe . 
  good luck getting across the atlantic . 
  i actually see them having a hard time occupying the uk , let alone the us . 
  wow , the op is really taking it seriously on the anti-americanism . 
  too bad he 's never visited the country . 
  too warped up in the anti-american state of mind . 
  might as well stop using american-related sites and media . 
  why not ? 
  nato is nothing but a us military arm for europe . 
  europe can defend themselves . 
  the only countries that the us should n't abandon are the baltics and poland in the east and ireland/uk in the west . 
  no there 's definitely others who are taking it seriously even if it 's all `` fun . '', 
  canadians say soccer sometimes too .
