  missile shield would 've been pointless . 
  it would n't have stopped the ukraine crisis or mh17 . 
  it would have just ended up with russian arsenal pointed at europe . 
  so much for enhancing security . 
  russia has shown a lot of spine since georgia and ukraine . 
  the west has shown nothing but restraint and sanctions here and there . 
  just sending in nato troops to secure the crash site would have shown russia the west does n't joke around . 
  but we did n't , and it ended up with pro-russians rummaging through the crash site and russia saying the ukrainians shot it down . 
  how pathetic is that ? 
  russia will continue to see what it can get away with , whether it 's flying planes without transponders , breaking a region away from a european country , violating various agreements , kidnapping an estonian , and so on . 
  i think the crash site could have at least been secured by nato troops and provide a presence there . 
  maybe putin may have laid off on supporting and sending arms , green men . 
  plus it 's not like nato has n't interfered before like with libya and kosovo . 
  but you 're right , there is no obligation . 
  call me crazy but i think nato should have went in and took charge after mh17 . 
  secure the crash site , defeat the militia , and apprehend the leaders of dpr/lpr . 
  do n't recognize that russian troops are there , because putin does n't recognize them anyway !, 
  but no , nato wrote a strongly worded letter on facebook instead . 
  oh wow , that sucks . 
  : / sounds like the netherlands is stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  if we were to think of countries as people , all countries could be thought of as individualistic , full of themselves , and greedy . 
  i feel a federalized eu would solve that issue of political pressure . 
  the current eu is not sustainable because no one is united , only divisive . 
  i feel it is more likely turkish troops will go in before we do . 
  either way , any country with a decent military can crush them . 
  it 's when they resort to guerrilla warfare that gives a hard time to any army . 
  the damage is already done with ukraine though , and dpr/lnr wo n't leave ... we could always resort to colonialism . 
  create a eu army using the migrants to fight isis . 
  arm them to the teeth . 
  there 's a few countries in europe i have in mind that might have that expertise * wink wink * ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i feel the west is trying to pin its hopes on the kurds and fsa to annihilate isis and assad . 
  there are also many bigger powers in the area all vying for their interests and playing the game of geopolitics ... us , uk , turkey , saudi , iran , russia . 
  in other words , it 's going to be a long proxy war . 
  air strikes will help minimally . 
  the uk is n't staying in the eu i do n't think ... we 'll see . 
  article is a bit old . 
  i am all for the french leading the eu politically and militarily . 
  it 's a unsc member , a nuclear power , has the strongest military in europe with a fairly proven track record , world 's sixth largest economy . 
  germany , despite its hard efforts , does n't seem to be the right fit for the eu at this time . 
  they are also militarily adverse and that 's a big no-no if you want the eu stand up against russia and usa on an equal footing . 
  speak for yourself . 
  let 's handle the central and south american migrants first . 
  also , the cartels that operate to the north and south of the border . 
  as much as we are an immigrant nation , we can only take in so much . 
  i suggest watching vice to see the reality on the ground level . 
  it was n't our sphere of influence , it was europe 's . 
  france led the strike , we backed them up . 
  austria is just awesome . 
  i agree , it is sexist and discriminative against the female f-35 . 
  but where else would we get our fish oil , petrol business , and cheeses from ? 
  now that 's a cool yacht . 
  * whistles and slowly enters out the backdoor * . . no but seriously , where else would we get our petroleum business and [ atlantic salmon ( fish oil ) ] ( http://www.state.gov/r/pa/ei/bgn/3421.htm ) ? 
  russia can keep him . 
  the comments are nuts . 
  they think we ( us ) are funding this show . 
  and some of the russians on there think norway is muslim occupied and want to liberate norway from islamists . 
  then i read one where a guy said he wants to make anders behring breivik prime minister of new norway . 
  on tv , i do n't know , but a good majority speak english very well . 
  ouch ... coming from a brit . 
  nato has norway 's back . 
  ukraine is a different story , it 's not nato . 
  we actually have us and uk troops in the baltics rotating in and out . 
  small amount yes , but we 're committed to their defense because it 's nato soil . 
  you also do n't see nato jets flying and protecting ukrainian airspace do you ? 
  but they are in the baltics . 
  we are fully committed to them ( lithuania , latvia , estonia ) and the baltics were lucky to join before the mess we are now seeing today in ukraine and georgia . 
  nothing , because nato would never attack russia unless attacked upon . 
  likewise , russia has nothing to gain because nato 's forces outnumber and outgun them . 
  their defeat would be imminent . 
  nato wins when russia does n't attack to begin with . 
  well , you 're not wrong . 
  iraq was not a nato operation , and it was a stupid fuckup where we could have went about it differently . 
  i would n't say our allies are cocksuckers , saddam was no innocent man . 
  the fuckup there was not finding him during the first gulf war . 
  afghanistan was considered defensive . 
  libya was approved by the un and headed by nato . 
  the fuckup there was trying to convert `` no-fly zone '' to `` no-ground zone '' ( i.e. 
  bombing troops and tanks ) . 
  you 're putting words in my mouth , no one is laughing . 
  it 's not like europeans have n't laughed at us ( for baltimore , ferguson , etc. ), 
  next on the list : iceland ? 
  czech republic stronk !, 
  we 'll probably give away our surplus f-16s once the f-35 rolls out in larger numbers . 
  mig-29 is a great plane , but there are too few for a country like bulgaria . 
  you can just ignore them . 
  yeah i do n't get that either . 
  that 's ... dirty . 
  i. ... like it . 
  i see , so it 's been a gradual thing . 
  still , it is unfortunate because the european project has alot of potential . 
  i agree with you there . 
  anti-russian sentiment can be only expected after those events . 
  they pissed off everyone across the globe - americans , australians , malaysians , ukrainians , dutch . 
  then you have poland , romania , baltics , sweden , finland being more wary of russia 's motives after the ukraine crisis . 
  i feel mh17 put the final dagger in and made all of the west despise the russian government more , especially putin . 
  i have a love/hate relationship with the f-35 . 
  i 'm sure it will turn out to be a great plane and i am excited for it , but i feel we could 've stuck with our f-18 's and f-16 's a bit longer and save a ton of money in the long run . 
  i do n't know if drones are any good but it should be looked into more . 
  i do n't know why netherlands needs f-35 , but it looks like it was to create jobs and make money in the [ project ] ( http://www.fokker.com/aerostructures_defense_usa_f35 ) . 
  i know fokker used to assembled f-16 's for dutch and other european f-16 users .
