  this leads to radical thoughts . 
  you should only live in a lawless society like somalia if you do not prefer government . 
  god forbid you ever take up arms against your own government and people . 
  and good luck with that too . 
  yes , but that was a mistake during those times . 
  it 's 2014 . 
  we had some students get pepper sprayed since then but that 's all i can think of . 
  are you referring to drone strikes in pakistan and civilian casualties in afghanistan ? 
  that 's all war and civilian casualties are regrettable but also inevitable in war . 
  if the us could spend billions of dollars and invent some ultra precision weaponry to prevent civilian casualties , they would . 
  the us had no problem killing al-awlaki in yemen , a us citizen , because he was a radicalized threat . 
  if you told americans if they approve of his death or not , the majority would likely approve ... because once again , he was a radicalized threat . 
  the same could be said for any american who is a threat or kills other americans . 
  if you violate the laws and are a threat to life , you should be disposed of . 
  american or not . 
  what could you possibly be doing wrong to cause the us government to kill you ? 
  kent state was a minor incident and a mistake during those times . 
  the governments of egypt and ukraine ( their problem is akin to if mexico armed mexican-americans to overthrow the us gov ` t , that 's a totally different problem ) are world 's apart from the us . 
  look at occupy wallstreet , i do n't believe anyone died from those protests . 
  maybe your problem has more to do with a growing militarized police state , not our own military . 
  i 'm from the same country as you ... and alot of americans do not believe the military would turn on the people . 
  only a few lunatics believe that . 
  just think for a second ... what could you possibly be doing wrong to cause the police or , as you say , the military to kill you ? 
  are you armed and dangerous ? 
  a terrorist ? 
  to think our own men and women in uniform would turn against us is as loony as loony can be . 
  this screams ` conspiracist with tinfoil hat . ', 
  these are the people i do not want armed with guns . 
  you would love it in texas then . 
  shooting range galore . 
  fully automatic weapons . 
  we even have army troops practice alongside civilians . 
  do you have this evidence by any chance ? 
  i think that is interesting to see . 
  in an home invasion , unarmed robbers would try to run away if someone has a gun in my view . 
  they could try attacking you but ... they wo n't last . 
  now if they 're armed , expect a firefight and a call to 9-1-1 . 
  i 'd rather fight than risk being robbed , get hurt physically/killed , or a family member gets kidnapped/raped . 
  bro , you 're thinking like a terrorist . 
  guns should be for defensive purposes only . 
  leave the explosives and gas to the army lol, 
  i 'm a advocate of stricter gun laws to keep the loonies out . 
  more rigorous psychological tests . 
  i 'm not exactly a fan of concealed carry , but there 's been cases ( at least where i live ) where citizens stopped robberies and muggings in progress while waiting for officers to arrive to apprehend the suspects . 
  on the other hand , some crazy guy could go on university and start shooting . 
  so it 's a double-edged sword in my opinion . 
  i guess i 'm more of an advocate for guns strictly for hunting , shooting range , or home invasion purposes . 
  i keep my armory locked up and safe in the house and i probably have n't touched them in like ... 3 years lol . 
  as to the poster who said what was the point of getting an assault rifle ... you just need to go out to a shooting range and practice with it . 
  it 's fun competing with colleagues on who can hit targets better . 
  * plus * full auto . 
  they destroyed themselves , countries started breaking away from the ussr , and we simply outlasted them to end the cold war . 
  powerful indeed . 
  makes me glad europe is all friends with each other now . 
  this is like a relationship ... and russia and eu `` broke up . '', 
  russia wants eu to be `` independent '' for awhile until feelings pass before both can move on . 
  this might surprise a few people . 
  winston churchill came up with a [ plan ] ( http://www.historylearningsite.co.uk/operation_unthinkable.htm ) to combine forces with us , british , german wehrmacht , and polish forces to attack the soviet union in 1945 . 
  he also wanted the us to use atomic bombs on moscow . 
  it 's a piece of alternate history and would have really changed the situation today . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable this is never mentioned in history books because of the cold war mentality of the west . 
  also because the plans were n't finally revealed until 1998 . 
  as for being misrepresented , some us history books ( not all ) portray the us as the victor over nazi germany but it was actually the soviet union who dealt the final blow by getting to berlin first . 
  but the perspective of the overall victor of wwii was the us/uk due to the african , middle east , europe , and asia fronts . 
  the us is very friendly with kurdistan and fought with peshmerga during the 2003 invasion against militants . 
  we also have military advisers working with the kurds right now . 
  my guess is , the us wants kurdistan to maintain the status quo and respect iraq 's sovereignty , which is also an ally of sorts to the us . 
  it 's a complicated situation - we 're stuck between `` moderate militants '' * cough * isis * cough * , kurds , sunni sahwa , and the iraq government ( shiite ) . 
   russian deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin threatened to return in a plane armed with nuclear weaponry after his official jet had difficulty securing airspace permissions for his return flight . 
   last year , ahead of winter , rogozin told moldovans that `` i hope you do n't freeze , '' a reference to their country 's complete dependence on russian natural gas , which is used for heating and which moscow has sometimes cut off during political disputes . 
  i had to backtrack and re-read those parts for a bit . 
  did n't realize we 're still in the 20th century . 
  ukraine , georgia , and moldova made history today . 
  from here , sarkozy was a friend . 
  but i think france needs a new , different leader . 
  true . 
  i just have personal reservations about some of his policies , i do n't hate him . 
  they both suck to me . 
  times were good with reagan and clinton though . 
  he takes our ` dumbest potus award , ' after obama . 
  i did not expect that much , only a brief reply . . wow . 
  thanks !, 
  it seems like mutual respect , between france and russia . 
  france is basically all business , no politics , which can be a good thing . 
  thanks again for the perspective , it is interesting to see from a different standpoint . 
  i think they are getting slightly better now and the french mistral ships will boost their force projection , but their communication line and logistics are not that good . 
  in 2008 , georgia gave them a hell of a time despite georgia being the smaller force . 
  the war showed russia had to use `` exercises '' to build up for weeks before invasion and not moment 's notice ( lack of logistics ) , lack of maintenance on equipment and vehicles , ineffective glonass , few precision bombs , and soldiers using cell phones . 
  had georgian special forces destroyed the roki tunnel or bush sent a surgical air strike into that tunnel , russian supply lines would 've been fucked . 
  when russia can invade some place far from home , i 'll be impressed . 
  why are you guys even arguing when russia has no stable logistics to even invade the us or canada ? 
  sure , airdrop some shock troops and maybe fly the air force in , but there wo n't be any tanks en masse or large russian ground forces in the us or canada . 
  alaska alone has a whole corps in it . 
  russia would have to send in an army , several brigades , and the pacific fleet on attack positions . 
  that 's not including reinforcements from the lower 48 states . 
  if there was any sort of confrontation with russia , you can bet canada wo n't stand idly by . 
  we are in this shithole together . 
  i thought this was funny and [ relevant ] ( http://www.buzzfeed.com/maxseddon/documents-show-how-russias-troll-army-hit-america ) . 
  i 'm somewhat curious if you do n't mind me asking . 
  awhile back , a canadian senator and several us lawmakers proposed to buy/lease the 2 mistral ships for canada or nato .
