  do the baltics have nuclear expertise or capital to do that ? 
  if they do n't , i would imagine planning for a massive yet efficient evacuation to sweden and finland ( neutral states ) would be of better use ( how 'd that work , i do n't know ) and let 's face it , the likelihood of such an evacuation due to war is slim to none . 
  it may never happen , but it 's nice to plan ahead and is a safer alternative to having nukes and more soldiers stationed near your border . 
  they are protesters in a democratic country . 
  they should be free to protest . 
  but until the german gov ' t requests closure , we will stay for now . 
  to be fair , turkey has asked nato for backup and assistance many times , including air defense equipment and troops on the border . 
  even if nato falls , you still need to protect eastern europe because some are in the eu as well . 
  i so agree with you on all points !, 
  and honestly , a strong and bigger german military force that protects european interests and attacks terrorism would erase the nazi stereotype . 
  i think europeans would really appreciate it , and so would the eu and nato . 
  the one problem i see is budgeting . 
  germany has to be doing really well economically that people can say `` ok , we can spend a bit more on military without doing budget cuts to things like education . '', 
  `` all up to you now , australia . '', 
  * tears in eyes *, 
  canada has the arctic to worry about . 
  probably better to turn to poland or turkey . 
  sorry guys , but nato stopped being cool a long time ago . 
   really ? 
  actually i 'm surprised that any american would visit that ridiculous anti `` western '' propaganda machine . 
  forgive me if i offended that guy but someone who talks this kind of bullshit with some crazy conspiracy nuts seems to be equally unimportant and insane . 
  you 'd be surprised , mate . 
  we have large number of putin bots and followers combined with our conspiracy nuts . 
  rt did a number on us , and their propaganda is very effective here . 
  now no one will ever tease germany again about broomsticks . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  they have every right to . 
  i foresee europeans taking the lead on things in nato europe . 
  the presentation would 've been better in swedish and without the dubstep imo . 
  cool presentation though . 
  if only that were the case . 
  we see so many people work to live , to fulfill their job contract , pay off their mortgages , rent , cars , and other debts . 
  some get so into it that they have lifestyle creep and must have the latest gadget or what have you . 
  others have to work to support their families . 
  it 's sad , but that 's the reality of life today . 
  though , some ways to get away from being a debt or wage slave , is to subscribe to minimalism , stay frugal , and stretch your money further . 
  on the other side of this spectrum is financial independence , which is something all humans should strive for . 
   tijuana lol , setting the bar low for amsterdam are we ? 
  australia . 
  * lands on water in a floatplane *, 
   i 'm not saying that it 's not a factor , but come on . 
  are you enragedmoose ? 
   the us has borders with mexico and canada that would be hard to defend , and yet the us has n't fought with mexico in 168 years and canada in 204 years . 
  heck , russia 's got more space to fall back through than any other country on earth . 
  apples to oranges . 
  we have 2 neighbors and we 're completely surrounded by water . 
  we have a strategic position . 
  russia has lots of land and space , yes , but that 's their achilles ' heel . 
  if we were in russia 's position next to a bunch of countries , we 'd be complaining too . 
  do you not see americans complain a shit ton about mexico alone ? 
  we even have a candidate who wants to build a wall . 
  like , what the fuck ? 
  that 's going to be alot more wall if he was president of russia . 
   lots of countries all around the world have had to get along with their neighbors without taking shots at annexing bits of them . 
  even if , as is the case all over europe , if at one point they possessed part of that land . 
  yeah , yeah . 
  easy to say when you 're either usa , uk , australia , or canada . 
   and , frankly , let me ask you this : has crimea strengthened russia 's position ? 
  today , right now , is russia more-powerful and more-secure than she would have been if she had refrained from moving in on crimea and donbas ? 
  was this an effective move , were its goal to defend ? 
  of course i do n't think it strengthened russia 's position . 
  that 's obviously our perspective . 
  their perspective is , it allowed them to keep their bases in crimea and prevent ukraine from joining nato/eu . 
  it 's geopolitical . 
  i 'll still reiterate . 
   it 's just shitty geography all around , for both sides . 
  i 'm sure each side would love a channel separating the two , or an ocean . 
  russia , the baltics , poland , ukraine , etc. 
  would love nothing more than to have a channel or ocean between them . 
  it 's shit geography and incompatible politics . 
  edit : aaannd you downvote . 
  `` he do n't agree with me , wahhhh '', 
  they already are boosting spending after the wakeup call in ukraine . 
  to be fair , russia has shitty geography . 
  they absolutely hate the eu and nato , so to see former soviet countries next door join these alliances has gotten them upset and seeing it as `` expansion . '', 
  on the other side , these countries that joined are trying to survive for their own protection , by joining the eu and nato . 
  it 's just shitty geography all around , for both sides . 
  i 'm sure each side would love a channel separating the two , or an ocean . 
  gotland is strategically important , but the problem i see is that there is no russian base or minority there . 
  what sort of argument would putin use ? 
  pre-emptive occupation to prevent sweden becoming a nato member ? 
  yet sweden is also an eu member , unlike ukraine . 
  the mainland we can agree is extremely unlikely . 
  i 'm on mobile , but it 'd be interesting to see which country flairs are writing `` tires '' or `` tyres . '', 
  meh , easy to say when you are born on that side of the world , and being able to visit countries in a short distance . 
  i suspect geography plays a part . 
  our passport numbers are also pitifully low . 
  nah , we would n't . 
  solar power baby !, 
  i prefer we send the occasional music artist for the half-time show every now and then . 
  we 'll root for anglosphere ( go ~ ~ uk ~ ~ australia !, 
  if you think that 's moonspeak , get a load of this guy who fancifully [ replied ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4jft8z/germany_wins_big_at_2016_strong_europe_tank/d37ap82 ) . 
  t'es putain de mort , gamin . 
  t'es putain de mort , gamin . 
  i 'm envious of your position . 
  can go back and forth . 
  that 's the best of both worlds . 
  there 's a strong case to be made about the leopard . 
  it won all top 3 spots with a6 and a5 variants . 
  i 'm surprised the british and french did n't participate .
