   paydebt328 nooooooooooo !, 
  from that list , they should go for the eurofighter . 
  the gripen and the f-16 are pretty dated nowadays . 
   for us interests . 
  that does n't explain why the bundeswehr has deployed to places like mali , sudan , lebanon or turkey , alot of which we are not involved in . 
  germany very much has its own interests , especially the eu . 
  you are very naive , thinking germany is being some lackey . 
  at least canada is n't having problems with a migrant issue , or eu indecisiveness . 
  windy breezes are the worst . 
  pay debts , north korea . 
  probably serious amount of money . 
  i mean he was at it for * 22 years * . 
  yes , this ^ my thoughts exactly . 
  i do n't know . 
  the german soldiers i 've spoke with said there is disrespect from the german populace . 
  there was one german redditor i talked to who came back from a kosovo deployment . 
  iirc , he said he got spat on in the train or subway . 
  that 's really sad . 
  i am not saying you should worship soldiers ( we overdo this in the us imo ) , but show respect to them . 
  they 're people too . 
  there was a vice news video on this . 
  it 's really interesting ... 
  oh come on . 
  do you really think germany is just going to attack other countries out of the blue , never mind countries of the same alliance ? 
  if they want a third reich , they have the eu . 
  there 's a roadblock called nato . 
  it will never happen . 
  not even with putin . 
  he 's not some brainless moron . 
  yeah , it 's an easy target . 
  but how can you reverse german hatred for the military now ? 
  back then it was understandable . 
  now ? 
  germans wo n't stand for it . 
  you guys spit at your own soldiers for christ 's sake . 
  and you celebrate your soldiers ' deaths . 
  i 've seen those ads . 
  i know deep down germans are patriotic and will defend the country against all criticism , but the hatred for the military is pretty disgusting . 
  being soldiers are jobs too . 
  we operate the sea harrier now , or a variant of it . 
  a great plane that will serve its purpose until the f-35 is fully operational . 
  the uk politicians made a big mistake . 
  on the bright side , germany is surrounded by allies like denmark , poland , and france . 
  if germany bordered kaliningrad perhaps or was in finland 's position , maybe the military would n't have been so neutered . 
  savage, 
  just make sure you do n't do the cinnamon challenge and then post yourself choking on youtube . 
  any people here like edm ? 
  has anyone here been to tomorrowland or ultra music festival ? 
  what 's your opinion of them ? 
  nice . 
  wow virtual reality on youtube ? 
  this is dope . 
  it 's 2016 - where are humanity 's spaceships and star fighters ? 
  europe and us sell overpriced shit but russia can sell for so much cheaper with similar capability . 
  i envy that sometimes . 
  that 's a good improvement . 
  small steps . 
  why would they harass our staff there ? 
  what did we do to them ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  and that would screw things up on our end too . 
  we have no choice but to honor it . 
  we really ought to pull our weight together instead of passing the potato around for responsibility . 
  americorp is a volunteer group ... 
  we do n't control them like you think . 
  lets come back to your comment once brexit happens . 
  i immediately thought about english longbows due to age of empires ( they were op ) . 
  tbf , the brits also have that * longbow * too . 
  they 've ... greatly advanced the technology . 
  the uk should permanently place troops in the baltics too . 
  this is not a nato matter , because there is no obvious threat . 
  even if nato guards the borders , it 's still going to be european armies , which are also part of the eu . 
  he makes no sense . 
  this is an eu matter . 
  nato ( and the u.s. ) is not under threat by migrants . 
   the last thing europe needs , is to involve the eu into one of the few institutions in europe that actually works as intended . 
  involve brussels in nato and god only knows what sort of idiotic things they are going to unleash . 
  you do realize nato hq is in brussels right ? 
  poland : `` ukraine , * shhhhh * '', 
  and just like that , your family line could just disappear . 
  what are apartment prices like in moscow ? 
  good time to be a tourist in russia . 
  we are nazis now . 
  obama is hitler reincarnated ( lol ) . 
  romanians owning it up on front page of / r/europe these days . 
  first the internet speeds for low low prices , then architecture ... what 's next ? 
  dutch east india company never died !, 
  ukraine is now the powerhouse of the eu . 
  world war iii . 
  seriously , i think the netherlands won the contest on this one . 
  but ... watch out for tsunamis . 
  lol, 
  brits often complained about the rain and weather ... 
  think they have asked for [ it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geography_of_niger#physical_geography ) . 
  on the bright side , we no longer have territory disputes with canada . 
  too late , we have already been swarmed by a population of 1.3 billion people to the north of us . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  i * almost * want to see donald trump be elected so we can see the debacle of him not being able to enter the uk as a us president . 
  spoken like a true capitalist my friend . 
   the new sanctions prevent 11 entities and individuals linked to the missile programme from using the us banking system .
