   but he said : `` the approach he ( mr obama ) will take is that we have no closer friend in the world , and if he is asked his view he will offer it . 
  he 's not telling the uk what to do though . 
  he 's merely offering his view if asked . 
  vote how ever you want and we 'll respect your decision . 
  i agree with you it 's not worth going to war over but i think we can learn a thing or two from turkey . 
  we have to play dirty unfortunately . 
  fuck , how long did that take mr tusk ? 
  * looks at canada in the horizon *, 
  every time we denounce them , they will hate us more . 
  `` lick a brit '' if you want them to leave , i guess ? 
  i agree with you , it 's a shitty thought . 
  fine , heart attack grill it is . 
  do n't worry mate , you 'll fatten up soon enough with beer and potato dumplings . 
  we could also always settle with mcdonald 's . 
  haha , i will keep that in mind . 
  i go to czech republic often to visit family , maybe one of these days / r/europe has a meetup . 
  beer is on me though . 
  i 'm glad to have calm , collected , and level-headed countrymen like you , because i 'm a bit stubborn and think we should play dirty ( like ramming ships or buzzing them with jets ) . 
  if i was on the ship , i would have gotten a pressure hose or thrown shit at the helicopter , reprimand be damned . 
  anyway , you have the right response . 
  no , i admittedly have not . 
  what about them ? 
  perhaps , that . 
  but i also think we are a god awful country that likes to pretend we have morals in this world when we clearly do not . 
  we are more like russia or turkey but we refuse to face that reality . 
  we buzzed their ships from meters away ? 
  of course , shoot them down . 
  if russia is willing to violate the 1970s agreements , then it 's time we stop honoring them too and play `` dirty '' like russia . 
  western standards and professionalism do not apply to us ( because let 's face it , we are an outlier in the western world , like russia is ) , and we have already shown that in our constant wars . 
  we are not this leader of the world like we make it out to be - it 's all a facade . 
  there is a reason why russia is brutally well known militarily . 
  it 's because they do n't give two shits . 
  we in the u.s. are capable of being far worst than even nazi germany . 
  hell , we already are . 
  so the western standards do not apply to us . 
  we are more like russia , an outlier in the western world . 
  there is a reason why russia is a lot more effective than we are at war , because they do n't give two shits about civilian casualties or international law . 
  we need to stop being this supposed leader of the world because we are not . 
  eastern europe looks at nato ( western europe + north america ) as a bunch of pansies . 
  weak responses after ukraine crisis , mh17 , complaining about airspace excursions or buzzing , russian kidnappings from a nato country , not wanting to place missile defense systems or permanent bases in ee , and so on . 
  basically letting russia do what it wants and get away with it without repercussions . 
  only turkey has had the balls to act against russia , when they shot down that jet last year . 
  in my opinion , they want us to play `` dirty '' like russia , but we prefer being professional and cordial . 
  ( for example , i bet poland wanted us to shoot down the russian jet in the baltic sea , but we did n't . ), 
  * in other news * the `` out '' campaign has launched `` shrugs for hugs , '' designed to combat the `` hug a brit '' campaign . 
  british citizens can be seen mockingly shrugging on instagram with the hashtags ` wearestillleaving ' and ` voteout . ', 
  the hashtag ` wereallydontcareaboutyourpettyhugs ' was the most popular , having risen over 90 % within the past day . 
  i did my part and hugged a few here in the states . 
  now , what does that even do eu ? 
  how did that help ? 
  do n't give the polish any ideas . 
  you should n't insult him , some people are not as business saavy or fortunate . 
  you guys are good friends , but there could be other motives too . 
  we have similar interests in the [ carribbean ] ( http://curacaochronicle.com/politics/venezuela-a-ticking-time-bomb-at-the-border-of-our-kingdom/ ) , for example . 
  ... yeah , that 's a bit harsh . 
  you have the right to defend your ship if the aircraft was threatening . 
  in this case , it was provocative and non-threatening . 
  russia has been buzzing our ships and ramming them since the cold war . 
  the us has never opened fire . 
  only once in 1968 did something happen to a russian plane , but it crashed into the sea by itself . 
  i believe it was a mechanical error or something like that . 
  bay area is pretty jam packed as it is , housing is expensive , and the state has high taxes . 
  i think if they go to the us , it will be austin or someplace business - and tech-friendly . 
  there is definitely more to their story . 
  no company will just up and leave due to an expensive housing market or lack of emphasis on teaching coding . 
  surprise eu annexation . 
  germany stronk !, 
  ours is comparable to belarus but to be fair , we have been renovating them . 
  nowhere nice as some of these places though . 
  especially georgia . 
  is that a corporate building or something ? 
  it 's not . 
  believe me , this sub will bash usa , uk , turkey , etc. 
  just the same . 
  we 're not always the good guys . 
  i 'm honestly getting sick of the cameron bashing articles , it 's become repetitive . 
   we also have our own awful italian chain restaurants . 
  ... still better than olive garden . 
  trust me lol, 
  yes , hate me . 
  direct all your attention to us . 
  this is the only way to stop italians and french from bickering against each other . 
  * looks at italians and french fighting over proper form of food * stares nervously at olive garden * slowly walks away *, 
  depends on what part of the country i 'd say . 
  it 's more common in texas than california , for example . 
  over 3.5 % is really impressive actually . 
  i do n't know what kind of growth you are expecting . 
   italy i think we just found our aspirational wall design . 
  you keep the $ 500 tablet and the $ 750 . 
  good for you . 
  now our corporate team has someone with a reliable tablet . 
  it could also be ` grass is greener syndrome . ', 
  the premise is that the dumpee wants to break up/divorce because they can find a better , more successful partner and have a happier life ( i.e. 
  risk staying with guy who makes little or get with the successful doctor who is also part-time military officer ) . 
  very nice . 
  hard to believe there were even attacks there . 
  how has turkey recovered thus far ? 
  which grant do you like more, 
  you 're right , it would lead to animosity if the eu did visa restrictions . 
  the eu is racketing up the pressure , which is fair .
