  eh your country does a good job at integrating muslims too . 
  i 'm sure part of it is the efficient assimilation process and vetting process . 
  oh come on , theyre not all that bad . 
  but i 'd still keep our latinos . 
  i 'd give you 100 upvotes if i could . 
  britons say the same thing about the channel . 
  they must be thankful i 'd bet . 
  it 's helped them through war , through crises such as these , etc. 
   people from south america climb over the border and quietly work their ass off not all of them unfortunately . 
  many do bring their gangs and drug system over here . 
  ms-13 is a deadly criminal organization that we have here from el salvador . 
  i just think europe needs to adjust its asylum system so less people will try to leech off eu 's generous aid . 
  europe is the economic paradise attracting everyone from the middle east to africa to central asia in search of better life ( which is a good thing no doubt ) , but how long is that sustainable ? 
  will that not affect the already high unemployment in several key european states and blow a hole in european budgets ? 
  that 's a fair trade i think but they are illegal so ... : /, 
  why do we even have airbases there ? 
  where are danish ones ? 
  what a cool canadian . 
  very well-informed . 
  poland can into make up loss of p.t. 
  battlefield , star wars battlefront !, 
  thank fcking god for sweden . 
  good list . 
  a bit bummed that savanna did n't make it . 
  it 's really tough to say . 
  from an american perspective , you must fight which is why i said that . 
  but on the other hand , when you see it from their perspective - i 'd take a ticket to europe than fight . 
  unfortunately , i have to agree . 
  there is no country worth fighting for there , it 's more like every man for himself . 
   in an interview for the film the man who saved the world , petrov says , `` all that happened did n't matter to me -- it was my job . 
  i was simply doing my job , and i was the right person at the right time , that 's all . 
  my late wife for 10 years knew nothing about it . 
  ` so what did you do ? ', 
  she asked me . 
  ` nothing . 
  i did nothing . ' '', 
  what a humble man . 
  are you referring to life story rights ? 
  i do n't know but i hope they paid him well . 
  that 's pretty cool , start of a unified eu army . 
  i would leave for europe too if my country ended up fractured like iraq and isis occupied a huge portion . 
  though , i would rather fight and die . 
  have you been seeking treatment ? 
  thank you russia ... 
  if i 'm not mistaken , only americans say the ukraine . 
  sorry , it seems they changed the article title . 
  very disappointed in my country . 
  thanks finland . 
  lol, 
  that 's pretty cool , thank you norway . 
  russian or german . 
  if nationalism eroded away , the world would be a better place i think . 
  blue ship : `` dang , what is up with this traffic . 
  guess i play leapfrog across the river '' all the other ships : `` damn pedestrian ! '', 
  yes , i was being sarcastic too . 
  you guys are getting [ f-35 's ] ( https://medium.com/war-is-boring/uh-oh-a-crappy-italian-company-is-building-the-netherlands-new-stealth-fighters-455c2ded3ebc ) from the italians . 
  think i read somewhere f-35 's quirks and pilot training are already being done but nl will not receive f-35s until 2019 . 
  yes , that is very , very late . 
  i think their issue is not being able to afford enough fighters and planes . 
  unlike europe and us , we have numerical superiority when it comes to air power but russia seems to have trouble fielding small numbers of pak-fa and su-35 . 
  however , they do make the best manuverable planes on the planet . 
  in large numbers , they would have the best air power . 
  can confirm , foreigner here will now be moving to sweden . 
  is subway cheaper than mcd ? 
  if i was a migrant , croatia would be a blessing in disguise . 
  germany ? 
  croatia all day , everyday . 
  wow look at moldova . 
  you guys always [ did ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/mcdonalds-in-france-is-better-than-in-america-2015-4 ) it better than us . 
  i 'd argue any version of food made in france can be made better than anywhere else in the world . 
  the crusades never ended, 
  you underestimate the underdog . 
  also i can see poland eventually being a rising power one of these days . 
  i hate americans too . 
  sorry i was referring to russian . 
  it 's still one of the most dominant languages in ukraine , in media , web , etc even though it 's not state official . 
  but i agree with what you said . 
  we need to step up drastically , ca n't lose to the canucks . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  better life in europe . 
  i have no problems with that , but there are other ways to show russian people how important they are on the global stage . 
  russia has been a space pioneer for ages . 
  they caught our attention with soyuz . 
  they should focus on space technology . 
  seriously , it 's 2015 where is our intergalactic travel, 
  i think putin fits the american image of russians as tough and badass , with a heavy accent . 
  there 's a sense of respect for him . 
  in russia , obama is a monkey with a banana lol, 
  i still will never understand the fighting between ukrainians and russians . 
  to me , it 's two brothers who literally speak the same language and always had good historic brotherhood relations now killing each other because one decided to join a cool kids club ( eu ) and the other got jealous . 
  that 's like us attacking canada because they want to join the esa/eu instead of nasa . 
  you got to admit , he 's a genius . 
  russians here are mainly 50/50 when it comes to america . 
  i am friends with many . 
  one half would complain about america on nearly every subject like ukraine . 
  it 's mainly the misfits who are kind of condescending to americans and the `` tough guys '' who want to go to ukraine to fight `` ukrops . 
  `` the other half do n't care too much and are westernized . 
  i 'm thinking of people like vitaly . 
  as for americans , most do n't really care about nato or russia 's politics in europe or syria . 
  many do n't even know about it .
