  but really now , you have to turn this into a thing of nationals vs nationals with that headline ? 
  i 've narrowed my choices down to labor , tory , and vanguard . 
  this is tricky ... 
  there 's a few toxic comments in there . 
  one guy said he would not visit italy because of their justice system and i lol ` ed at him . 
  such logic . 
  much wow . 
  i feel sorry for the kercher family . 
  great response from germany . 
  i 'm joking about the conquering , of course . 
  the british planned this all along to conquer europe . 
  nato was your idea after all . 
  welcome to nato insurance group \u2122 , providing over 66 years of military coverage . 
  to commit , you must pay up to 2 % of gdp to defense annually . 
  failure to do so will result in no penalty . 
  when you are ready , sign here and here . 
  good because i was going to say we might have an agent orange on our hands . 
  you realize men of families such as in syria head to refugee camps right ? 
  not all men are created equal . 
  not all are fighters . 
  he also did say he 'd contribute but in other ways . 
  rn needs those 2 carriers quick . 
  dude it 's just one guy , chill out . 
  he even says he has health issues . 
  what the fuck man ? 
  he should do as he pleases , freedom of movement . 
  also , one guy who chooses to not fight does n't mean whole nation of latvia does n't deserve to be independent . 
  it 's just one guy , chill out . 
  we can no longer blame russia , it was germany all along !, 
  serbia and russia are now truly connected . 
  and wow , even after the map change , ukraine still ca n't get away from russia !, 
  in some ways , this reminds me of the zimmermann telegram incident . 
  we somewhat are , somewhat not . 
  we have very close economic and political ties , but we are not as tight knit compared to canada . 
  after mexico left the rio pact , we are no longer formal military allies . 
  so hey , it 's actually possible that chechnya could send mexico arms . 
  but like / u/dngrs said , let them waste their supplies . 
  instead of annexing our states , they 'd probably hand them out to the drug cartels anyway ... 
  renault should n't have a hard time with the market in the urban cities here . 
  smart and cars like fiat and prius are popular . 
  they should also try japan . 
  beautiful shot . 
  god , i hated nyc . 
  it was from there i knew the city life was n't really for me . 
  plus everything 's so expensive there . 
  anyhow , you should use meetup.com to meet other expats to discuss football and whatnot . 
  i highly recommend it , it 's a great way to make friends . 
  you would fit right in in america . 
  we 're not too different really except i still consider french classy . 
  does n't sound very appetizing !, 
  hahah that too . 
  careful , this could turn into a germany vs france thing . 
  `` going full on romania on those officials . '', 
  i like the way it sounds . 
  even the tiananmen square tank man would 've shit his pants and ran . 
  next on our list is sweden and denmark . 
  either way we need more players of scandinavian descent . 
  considering this is / r/europe , it should n't come as a surprise we are referring to football , not american football . 
  we share alot of similarities with canada and i would say about the same . 
  trades are moderate to high in demand in various areas and alot of folks have their own businesses or are self-employed . 
  we seem to have a physician shortage specifically , so if anyone is a doctor and wants to make big money , move to the us . 
  catalans and spanish hate each other that bad ? 
  and the uk beat france . 
  poroshenko is a fucking boss . 
  he just turned it on and took it around for a spin . 
  lol and dear god what the hell we did n't even paint the vehicles green . 
  did the top brass think ukraine was a desert ? 
  unbelievable . 
  til dutch people are cheap . 
  is that why there is the saying of `` going dutch ? '', 
  like in the nederlands , it 's not unusual to pay separately when dating ? 
  i always thought that north america helped maintain the airspace over greenland for the danes . 
  we tried , but they keep losing their tourist maps and getting lost ... 
  on wiki , if i want to find ethnically famous people from other countries who made it big in america , i usually type `` romanian american , '' ukrainian american , '' `` english american , '' `` german american , '' `` french american , '' and so on and so forth . 
  basically add - american to the end . 
  also can do the same for - canadian . 
  i think we will definitely send aid but only in the form of sanctions , armor , jets , and weapons . 
  no troops unfortunately . 
  that 's because sweden and finland are not in the same alliance . 
  we and eu wo n't stand idly by , that 's for sure . 
  something will be done if and when it happens . 
  that elder lady in the first picture is a straight up bad ass . 
  definitely would not mess with grandma . 
  i agree , it really proved to be a meticulous decision for them as we are now seeing how events in the region are unfolding right before our eyes . 
  nothing but win , win , win for the balts . 
  damn . 
  :( prayers out to them . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  norway should have participated as well . 
  we shunned good relations with south america just to aid the uk during the falklands war . 
  probably do the same if it happens again . 
  let 's hope it does n't come down to another war though . 
  doner kebap is more of a turkish thing . 
  gyros are greek while shawarma have arabic origin . 
  all are similar though . 
  that 's according to my lebanese colleague . 
  you guys have the fastest internet in the whole world . 
  * world . 
  no question about finland , sweden , and baltics . 
  but because the us military is so thinned out , russia would squash the us and european armies in europe during the initial stage of war .
