  i think she was * too safe * . 
  i felt like the democratic party needed a socialist to go toe-to-toe with a capitalist . 
  maybe we are not ready for a socialist , but it would have been interesting to see them go head to head , i would think . 
  to be fair , the democratic party should look at the elections and retool its image , let go of the corporate establishment as sanders has suggested , stop associating with left-wing anarchists , masks and all , and do a better job at appealing to independents and moderates . 
  the democratic party also shot themselves in the foot with selecting hillary clinton over sanders ( the former who 's campaign was clouded by the whole email scandal ordeal ) . 
  i would bet sanders had a real fighting chance against trump too , as he has similar anti-pc rhetoric like trump . 
  it 's a time of reflection now for the dems . 
  you have the case of ` grass is greener on the other side ' syndrome . 
  there are people in the usa and uk who would love to be anywhere but home , much like you . 
  but if you insist , here 's what you should do . 
  1 ) do erasmus in a few years . 
  2 ) work on yourself . 
  improve . 
  get educated . 
  save money . 
  3 ) travel to destination of choice for short durations , because it can be expensive . 
  4 ) look into study or employment visas for long-term stays . 
  5 ) if that 's not enough for you , then you need to find an american/british/western european lass back in cz and get hitched . 
  enjoy your new life . 
  wtf, 
  nato and eu ? 
  we have too many powers in those groups with strong militaries to back it up . 
  it would be like a gang with machetes against a guy with a bicycle . 
  it 's a pipe dream , but more realistic is limiting him from passing laws as holy_mooo has stated . 
  basically , being a hindrance and annoy him . 
  fight the thief , make it dramatic and it will be popular in the us . 
  2 if we can get him out by mid-term elections . 
  americans have become needlessly soft . 
  this is what you get from a spoiled society . 
  the young ones are prone to radicalism and easiest to brainwash , unfortunately . 
  too edgy * slaughters a cow , blood splatters everywhere *, 
  we do n't care about nationality . 
  more curious if anything . 
   almost everyone picked spanish because `` german was the language of the nazis and spanish is spoken by maaany more people '' . 
  geez , sounds like the us . 
  kids avoided german for some of the stupidest reasons like that . 
  damn, 
  all that , plus access to bad , cheap food . 
  furthermore , to get anywhere , you really need a car and so people are sedentary at home , at work , and in commutes . 
  but as a fit ( or muscular ) person , you 'll easily make a killing here in terms of jobs , girls , and looks . 
  you just stand out so much more from other people . 
  it 's great in that regard . 
   young people might get fatter . 
  this is so true . 
  we 're going to end up like those fatties in * wall-e * in the near future , if we 're not careful , are n't proactive with diet and workout/exercise . 
  it is almost like it is pointless to marry because your wife will be fat eventually ( considering you stay fit ofc ) . 
  we can get rid of him by the mid-term elections if he fucks up drastically . 
  if that was the case , yanukovych would have never been elected . 
  yulia was more pro-eu if you recall . 
  then ukraine elected yanukovych , who is russian-friendly . 
  russia is very effective at influencing politics ( whether making deals , propaganda , whatever ) . 
  that would have been more effective in the long run than taking land and making more enemies for life/long-term . 
  well , if libya was an indicator , we ( us ) do n't call the shots at all . 
  it 's whoever wants to go in first ( or gets attacked ) , then everyone else is dragged in like a chain lmao . 
  unfortunately , you lost more sphere of influence by taking crimea . 
  it may have been possible to subvert ukraine , in other means ( as opposed to taking land ) , than let it go to the west . 
  russia is against nato . 
  would our bases in the pacific count against russia ? 
  or do us bases automatically equal nato ? 
  hawaii , for example , is not covered by nato but we have a base there . 
   if they wanted to make a point about who 's really being threatening to who , they should be talking about the differences in military exercises and whose generals threaten to nuke who . 
  agree . 
  but to russia , it is a substantial amount . 
  and hard anus for italians . 
  well done , eu . 
  first / r/russiadenies , now / r/usadenies . 
  this article can be our first deny for the sub . 
  of course , i find it wrong . 
  but you know , we have to have this pc bullshit as to not offend any culture or customs . 
  fuck , i wish i bought vw . 
   but you still did n't leave it . 
  because if you did now , taliban would take over the country rather quickly , just like it did after ussr left . 
  and pray to god it 's taliban and not isis . 
  the us is going to stay there until the taliban is completely eradicated . 
  that means looking at the deeper root of the problem over in pakistan . 
  for now , we withdrew bulk of forces and left a small residual force to train and support the afghan army . 
   finland ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  karelia but that was during wwii . 
  you can argue ussr is n't russia but the mentality is still the same with the taking of crimea . 
  i do not think moldova , georgia , or ukraine will reunite with their breakaway regions because of the friction between those regions and the state , plus you have troops there . 
  and is n't it wrong to take territory from another country ? 
  by taking crimea , you ended up making more enemies out of millions of ukrainians , more wariness from europe/eu , and economic sanctions placed on your country . 
  i read that this was common in a certain central asian country . 
  not rape per say but you kidnap the girl to marry them . 
  very weird to me but i wo n't judge their customs . 
  we did well in germany , japan , and south korea for instance . 
  afghanistan is actually miles better than it was a decade ago . 
  iraq was our fuckup and libya was france 's fuckup , that we will collectively take blame for it and accept our mistake . 
  but they do technically have independent governments . 
  at least we are not taking territory like in ukraine , georgia , finland , and moldova . 
  you want to win favor of a country - you have to do it diplomatically and politically . 
  invest , build businesses , capitalism , and so on . 
  forcibly taking land is not the answer . 
  that is why you lost your allies in eastern europe and europe is wary of you . 
  if they live well , they would pick china over russia and therefore , russia ca n't say russians are in danger . 
  just a german friend who told me about it . 
  barcelona has better weather , beach , food , architecture , events , and entertainment , no ? 
  if you think milan is a shit hole , wait until you go to rome . 
  then you may change your mind ,
