  on europe : a continent with some of the best cultures and food on the planet . 
  western europeans are condescending as hell towards us easterners and americans . 
  still , western europe is great to visit . 
  there is a reason why paris , london , amsterdam , madrid , berlin , etc. 
  and their respective countries are top destinations to visit . 
  i also tend to think eastern europe is where it 's all at now . 
  i predict growth and huge potential in this region . 
  aside from 9/11 , europeans came through when we had hurricane katrina , but that 's about it . 
  we really do not have a threat here now that i think about it . 
  even we are cool with cuba now . 
  i think our biggest threats in the future will be islamic terrorism , natural disasters , and ourselves ( politics ) . 
  i think you will have too much culture shock coming over to here . 
  lifestyle here is different than in europe and we have minimal social safety nets if you fail . 
  if i was in bulgaria and i had to pick a non-eu country , i 'd go with norway , iceland , and maybe the uk , if brexit happens . 
  these countries like iceland are non-eu , but have benefits like being part of eea and efta . 
  it 's also closer to bulgaria than na . 
  if the eu would freaking federalize already , a hypothetical eu nation in nato would have a pretty strong military . 
  probably not as large as ours , but yeah . 
  excellent summation , thanks . 
  what 's the opinion in / r/unitedkingdom ? 
  except obama is n't campaigning . 
  well said . 
  i think this is the least the eu can do for ukraine after having euromaidan and a war with russia over it . 
  dammit , i should have bought a volkswagen, 
  soviet-us boat rammings have nothing compared to non-naval chinese boats [ ramming ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65ozhmewwmc ) japanese coast guard ships or chinese naval ships [ ramming ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhhucdeg9pc ) vietnamese coast guard ships . 
  germany alone had a chance to aid the baltics , but they stayed in poland instead , according to their agreement with the su . 
  the british at one point wanted to beat germany and then side with germany and poland in [ a surprise attack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable ) on the su . 
  what the fuck, 
  he 's blushing , stop . 
  does n't airbnb charge alot of fees on top of the daily rate ? 
   they also do allowances such as country-specific products that appeal to local culture . 
  one time i was in japan with friends and we decided to order mcdonald food we never had before in us and europe . 
  it was black burgers , mega potato ( about 0.45 kg/1 lb . 
  of fries ) , mcnuggets with wasabi and ume sauce , and bacon and potato pie . 
  shit is weird man , and that is barely scratching the surface for the japanese mcdonald 's menu . 
  if poland had nuclear weapons , russia will preemptively strike . 
  just like if iran had nuclear weapons , israel will preemptively strike . 
  poland is in nato and will drag us all to our deaths over nukes . 
  3 . . eu fourth reich , calling it . 
  when nato and eu falls , putin will smile . 
  just saying . 
  strengthening your alliance with v4 , turkey and co. would be a good idea . 
  leaving nato is up to you . 
  but you are letting emotions get in the way . 
  poland 's position and standing in nato and eu is not as bad as say , ukraine and georgia . 
  yup , there is a reason nato is based in brussels . 
  it 's a european-founded institution . 
  germany is a valuable location for us , we 'd be crazy to leave . 
  we are too entrenched as it is in germany , in which case , if we get kicked out by germany , that would suck . 
  eu = germany , the leader and puts in the most into eu . 
  the threat is anything that can damage eu . 
  this can mean russia , islamic extremism , cyberwarfare , or any combination . 
  you have to think that the eu is expanded german territory , instead of focusing on just the country of germany . 
  their national anthem is amazing too . 
  it 's inspiring . 
  soviet union is even better . 
   ltburtreynolds explain yourself haha oh god . 
  what kind of jobs ? 
  i think they 're doing this under eu banner which is good . 
  the right step towards an eu army , then we can spend less theoretically . 
  the german-dutch unit should deploy to the dutch carribbean , because that 's about the only place i can think of where the kingdom can be under threat , like unrest in venezuela or something . 
  i think you will find this [ interesting ] ( http://curacaochronicle.com/politics/venezuela-a-ticking-time-bomb-at-the-border-of-our-kingdom/ ) . 
  there is fear of not just military threats , but of boat migration . 
  let me ask my polish friend , he 's usually very good at this . 
  deal . 
  thank you . 
  i would like to see germany cooperate with eastern europe and the baltic eu members . 
  but sadly , it wo n't happen . 
  it 's looking more like eu army will protect western europe and nato will protect eastern europe . 
  still , it gives me hope . 
  people in the eu need to be more confident in an eu military . 
  i talk to some russians earlier , it 's one of those programs for ufo , illuminati , alien ... you know , conspiracy stuff . 
  i would take such reports with a grain of salt . 
  even rt did n't report it . 
  how much do you think that bike is worth ? 
  even if donald trump takes us out of nato , if russia and us have a nuclear exchange just the two of us , europe will still feel radioactivity and nuclear fallout . 
  there is just no avoiding it . 
  i agree with this assessment too . 
  sadly , that only leads to confrontation . 
  both are alpha dogs and very stubborn . 
  why do we have such things in both our countries ? 
  people who are into that stuff . 
  you do not hear about europeans who are like this . 
  even rt and sputniknews did n't report this , so it is news from a radical it seems like . 
  idiots like that are everywhere though . 
  germany , see ? 
  they like you . 
  time to send troops east . 
  seeing as turkey is close by and is the largest nato country in the area , i wonder what would the percentage be . 
  you 're one step ahead of us on visa policies at least . 
  we 're a bit behind . 
  any topic on america can apply to canada too ( we are very similar ) but usually when it is a bad image of america , they stay away as far as they can . 
  something i noticed , haha . 
  we want a strong eu . 
  you know who is making it weak ? 
  german leadership . 
  proper leadership would not lead to countries despising german migration policy or a brexit . 
  that event likely shifted voters around , knowing the uk does n't like trump . 
  ( i already did n't like him to begin with ) . 
   ben rhodes , the president 's deputy national security adviser , said mr obama would make clear the referendum was `` a matter for the people of the uk to decide , it 's their decision '' .
