  the only losers here are the syrian rebels that we support and unfortunately , ukraine , a non-nato/eu member . 
  `` never got guys like you . '', 
  what do you mean ? 
  relax , our elections are like this every now and then . 
  trump is all talk . 
  he says one thing , but does n't mean it . 
  for example , he promised to repeal some of the provisions of obamacare but now he is saying he will keep them . 
  with a republican-controlled house and senate having a history of being pro-nato , they wo n't let donald get away with much . 
  he 's american , you have to forgive him . 
  i 'm not too big on anime . 
  how old are you guys may i ask ? 
  trying to get an idea of age range . 
  not that severe , but he will be putin 's puppet on other matters . 
  yes , and that 's our cover . 
  the truth is , we are vying for influence and resources with several states across the globe , from the arctic to the pacific to the middle east . 
  we will do everything possible to ensure our nation 's survival and global superiority , but we will lose influence with the election of trump . 
  if you google `` new great game , '' it will show you [ several ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2012/11/the-new-great-game-the-arctic-ocean/ ) [ things ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/05/24/u-s-falls-behind-in-arctic-great-game/ ) of [ interest ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/11/09/china-just-won-the-u-s-election-trump-victory/ ) . 
  you can also check out / r/geopolitics . 
  at the very least , baltics should reach 2 % gdp in military spending to satisfy trump 's conditions for nato . 
  it makes it painful for an invader in the event of an invasion while * hopefully * , guaranteeing american and european forces . 
   why did we intervene in kosovo ? 
  why have we had 30,000 troops defending south korea for the past 65 years ? 
  you 're asking why we do n't let the world kill itself , and i 'm an idiot ? 
  irrelevant to iraq . 
   the blunder was obviously retreating . 
  and why did n't we let them kill each other ? 
  why indeed ? 
  maybe some of us cared about democracy ? 
  or the 30 years of promises we 'd made to the kurds ? 
  why indeed did we do operation provide comfort , operation northern watch , etc. ? 
  democracy is bullshit . 
  it is just a cover so we can carry out our own ambitions . 
  it 's geopolitics mate , we do what we can to win american favor and influence . 
  pax americana works for us and our allies , but there are states that are against us , and they are winning by exploiting our blunders and things like our election . 
  letting iraq and iran kill each other would have been better than the alternative we have now . 
   do n't be a typical american who calls names and does n't try to understand . 
  nah , it is you who looks at the world from a na\u00efvet\u00e9 , sanitized view . 
  the world does n't work that way . 
  ukrainian girls are fucking gorgeous , goddamn . 
  up to the brits to save nato . 
  rip west . 
  he will manipulate trump easily . 
  you are an idiot . 
  at the time , our main enemy in the middle east was iran . 
  iraq was enemies with iran , why would we want to invade iraq over false pretenses when we can let them go at each other ? 
  oh wait , we had bush . 
  all those american lives lost , and what did we get ? 
  an iraq covered with isis , shia militants from iran , yadizi and kurds attacked . 
  you have to admit , it was a blunder . 
  happy independence day . 
  what is that at the bottom-centre ? 
  is that a food court ? 
  and it 's a guy who lives in cellar of his parents home . 
  too many nations with conflicting views on an eu army but france and germany will make a de-facto alliance . 
  i think ee is going to focus on building up their own alliance led by poland and romania . 
  nato will remain relevant with uk active on european security matters . 
  nato countries will not get security guarantees from trump unless spending requirement is met . 
  new rules , but not much has changed . 
  maybe a bit more fragmentation . 
  mental illness ? 
  feel bad for ukraine tbh . 
  let 's see if eu has any backbone without the us . 
  and her eyebrows are probably drawn in . 
  not bushy and thick natural . 
  western europeans want an eu army . 
  eastern europeans want to up nato spending to get trump 's security guarantees . 
  it 's not hate , they are shocked by the election . 
  to them , we are now on putin 's side . 
  then you must go further east . 
  make money in germany and bring to ukraine . 
  or go back to us to make money . 
  wtf ? 
  and good riddance . 
  i 'm sure americans heard how brexit unfolded and secretly craved all that drama . 
  you know how we are . 
  can you get a good paying job ? 
  make money in the us first then bring it to bulgaria . 
  the whole western world is on fire , electing loonies . 
  americans have mood swings and crave stupid drama . 
  we have to own up to it now . 
  just make your money in the us and bring it to romania and live like a king . 
  there 's no future here except making money ... at least for the next 4 years ... hopefully . 
  they are staying . 
  nato has already mapped it all out . 
  people act like nato is dead , blah blah . 
  trump is not going to withdraw from nato and undo everything . 
  the pentagon would n't allow that . 
  even if he did , nato is still there and functional even without the us . 
  hell , there 's the eu . 
  he 's just the village idiot . 
  the guys pulling the strings in the back wo n't give up on nato . 
  but europe definitely needs to get its shit together . 
  this is the beginning of an eu army . 
  do n't know how to feel . 
   `` thank you for lowering the bar . '', 
  your welcome . 
  in drama we trust . 
  before , poland suggested russia should join nato but they have since spoiled their image in the name of georgia , ukraine , and mh17 . 
  how much are homes where you live ? 
  yup , pretty big czech influence in texas ... festivals and all .
