  i see , so two different people . 
   no , burtreynolds is n't serious with his comments . 
  no i think he can be serious sometimes . 
  he will defend the us but he also plays the victim card ( blaming the us for something ) to gain sympathy points from europeans . 
  i believe he gets a kick out of it . 
  fun and games . 
  you named one private school , a prestigious school that most americans ca n't even attend . 
  it has nothing to do with the public colleges and universities across the nation . 
  our problem has to do with giving out student loans like candy and letting colleges and universities hike up tuition because of this availability in money . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , i 'm definitely going to use private taxi the next time i am back in italy . 
  i made an effort to speak italian and be friendly , but the drivers gave me the go around instead - taking the long ways , driving up rates , or demanding 50-100 euros for a short ride . 
  the moment they can pick up that you are a tourist by your voice , they will take advantage . 
  not all of them , of course , but that 's been my experience personally . 
  i definitely recommend that company if you 're in czechia . 
  they speak good english and have very reasonable rates to anywhere you want to go . 
  they also give free tours in prague and will tell you all the good beer spots . 
   how can you prevent someone from texas moving to california ? 
  the funny thing is , people are actually moving from california to texas instead . 
  at some point , people ca n't put up with high taxes , high expenses , and expensive housing . 
  they decide to go to other parts where it will be drastically cheaper with higher quality of life . 
  why pay $ 500k for a home when you can buy 2 in texas and a beach home in cancun , mexico ? 
  pros and cons really . 
  if i made anywhere near 6 figures in a non-sf/nyc area , usa without a doubt . 
  i 'd open my own business too . 
  if i were poor to middle class , western europe hands down because of good social safety nets , free education ( most of the time ) , and low cost , subsidized healthcare . 
  all of that can make a big difference in one 's quality of life . 
  i 'm a little confused . 
  who is he and is he the same as ltburtreynolds ? 
  just out of curiosity i wish to bring my asian friend to poland . 
  how are asians and indians viewed there ? 
  because after reading that a portuguese guy got attacked in poland , i do not want to risk my friend 's safety . 
  does portugal have private taxis that you can request online ? 
  it 's like an intermediary between uber and taxis that you wave over . 
  rates are always consistent , service is always good , and they are responsive . 
  for example , in czechia i would use this [ company ] ( http://www.prague-airport-shuttle.cz/ ) often . 
  it 's a taxi company that * almost * works like an uber and you book them online . 
  after my poor experience with taxis in italy and getting ripped off , i have always resorted to either uber or booking private taxi online . 
  edit : on second thought , if i book an unmarked private taxi , what if taxi drivers mistake it as an uber ? 
  shit . 
  nothing wrong with a blog . 
  it might even get a lot of clicks and you 'll get some revenue ( i have no idea how blogs really work ) . 
  that is also true . 
  just a sad bunch of unfortunate events . 
  i do not think she should have been kicked while down though . 
  that was too much . 
  that 's correct , but i 'm pointing out to the fact that nato \u2260 us and that the hq of the alliance is in brussels . 
  he 's implying that nato = us but that 's not true . 
  haha , we 're one to speak . 
  we left alot more interpreters and helpers back in a-stan and never brought all of them to the us despite the efforts of some us troops . 
  you 're cosying up to brussels , not washington . 
  we hold large sway and make up the largest military force in the organization but that 's all . 
  nato \u2260 us . 
  the reason russia makes any noise about nato is because we 're in it . 
  they see us as a rival more than the eu . 
  i love your username . 
  it does n't go really well however , with your flair haha, 
  pretty much . 
  these people want to experience and live their life in the west , rather than in their respective country . 
  i do think if i was placed in a similar situation , i would be tempted and would want to leave . 
  still , it sucks all that money and troops isaf put in and nothing good came out of it . 
  they still want to leave . 
  if we were trying to replicate some sort of jordan or kuwait , we had failed spectacularly . 
   in turkey the patriot missile troops were shunned and bullied . 
  that 's disgusting . 
  being a soldier is a job like any other . 
  they take military orders like bosses and managers tell you what to do . 
  what the fuck man . 
  damn , that boiled my blood . 
  poor couple and their son . 
  also , that poor lady , she suffered the most severe head injury . 
   the investigation took a turn for the absurd when gen prayuth chan-o-cha , the junta leader and prime minister , made his own intervention . 
   `` tourists think our country is beautiful and is safe so they can do whatever they want , they can wear bikinis and walk everywhere , '' he said . 
  the general even suggested that the only tourists who should feel safe in bikinis were those who were `` not beautiful '' , then quickly apologised when his comment caused outrage . 
  from this [ article ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/thailand/12066600/british-backpacker-murders-the-killings-that-put-a-countrys-justice-system-on-trial.html ) to give you some insight . 
  a thai friend told me they are sick of westerners `` plundering '' their country . 
  things like the sex tourism industry does not help their view of westerners . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_union_defence_organization#disestablishment  the us is not an incidental partner , and the failures in libya have revealed the extent of europe 's ability to act without the united states . 
  this part i agree . 
   when the division of europe into two opposing camps became unavoidable , the threat of the ussr became much more important than concerns over german rearmament . 
  western european governments sought a new mutual defence pact involving the united states . 
  the united states recognized the growing threat of the ussr and was responsive to this concept . 
  secret meetings began by the end of march 1949 between american , canadian and british officials to negotiate such a trans-atlantic mutual defence pact . 
  eventually , it would lead to the formation of the north atlantic treaty organisation ( nato ) with the north atlantic treaty signed in washington , dc , in 1949 . 
  nato began setting up its own military command structure in 1951 , at which time the headquarters , personnel , and plans of the wudo were transferred to supreme headquarters allied power europe ( shape ) , and shape took over responsibility for the defence of western europe . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_union_defence_organization ), 
  meh , you never know . 
  i think the poles would appreciate it . 
  it 's a contested issue , as germans seem very divided . 
   germans do not feel militarily threatened by russia ( 2016 : 56 % ; 2015 : 51 % ) . 
  this is one of the reasons why almost half of the germans ( 49 % ) are against establishing permanent nato bases in poland or the baltic states even though 40 % of respondents , after all , would back such bases . 
  yet if russia attacked poland or the baltic states , only a third of respondents ( 31 % ) would advocate sending german troops to defend these countries . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/en/our-projects/strengthening-and-connecting-europe/news/stress-test-for-german-russian-relations/ ), 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ga2dr/uk_exit_could_be_good_for_europe/ he also clearly has an agenda . 
   power projection capacity is even more pathetic than europe 's . 
  syria , ukraine , the caucaus , and the arctic say hello . 
  no , but i do think european diesel electric subs are spectacular and we need to build them instead of nuclear subs . 
  however , europe lacks troop numbers despite their huge population . 
  we do n't own it , they 'd have to kick us out . 
  that 's the past now .
