  talk about stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  i definitely feel for you guys . 
  haha what the fuck . 
  i had no idea turkey has skin heads . 
  when i was there , i saw those shaved heads and i thought they were doing a hair transplant procedure . 
  pro-tip : hire a local guide and he 'll show you how to get to places , how to take subway , what to eat , and whatnot . 
  it 's much cheaper than a tour group and more personal to boot . 
  it is like you have a friend to show you around . 
  i feel czechs are welcoming to asian people though . 
  i always see asian tourists in cz and i 've also been to sapa . 
  very nice people there . 
  do those racists say it outloud or make it known ? 
  here , it 's a combination of staring and talking behind your back . 
  sometimes , you get confrontation , but it is rare . 
   istanbul but that 's one of the highlights : /, 
  what are some tours you would recommend ( minus that 150 euro 10 min . 
  heli tour ), 
  `` our immigration policy consists of making sure that macedonia stays a shitty place to live in so that nobody would want to move here . '', 
  narrator should have spoke trump-style with an australian accent . 
  the austrian fm and barron trump can be friends ... hahaha, 
  that pause during xenia deli, 
  on the one hand , i think the uk is doing a great job at trying to get nato together and having a hardline against putin . 
  on the other hand , you guys have shot yourself in the foot by going brexit , similar to us electing trump . 
  combine that with the disagreements between eu/nato states and it is easy to see how divided the west is . 
  it weakens us all . 
  one day , we will bend over backwards to the shanghai pact and we will only have ourselves to blame for this . 
  he is mentally a child, 
  i thought singapore was relatively clean, 
  true . 
  leaving the eu and euro is a bit much though . 
  i just think countries leaving the eu hurts the west when you have big powers rising . 
  look at brics and shanghai pact . 
  europe is shooting itself in the foot , just like the us . 
  a definite crisis . 
  the million-man women 's march last month would be much more violent . 
  i have never seen so many divided americans until now . 
  just from the command structure , which is n't that major if you think about it . 
  but what about the eu and euro ? 
  that 's insane . 
  positive . 
  a president with these low approval ratings almost never gets elected again . 
  unless something like 9/11 happens , like it did for bush . 
  even then , trump is far more unpopular than bush . 
  wow , and i thought trump was bad . 
  he would n't withdraw us from nato or nafta . 
  hope she does n't get elected . 
  * anti-jinx *, 
  honestly , it almost seems like we will invade iran in the next few years . 
  trump may be russia-friendly , but not to russian allies . 
   the president is an easily controlled fool yes, 
  4 more years ... 
  of course , i do . 
  that man in the pictures is famous . 
  he was mentioned in a bloomberg article , for instance . 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-03-23/is-russia-against-fascism-or-isn-t-it -, 
  our system is okay but we still have too much bickering to get much done even with our two-party system . 
  i like that europe has more extreme parties . 
  more freedom in politics . 
  but it can be a way to shoot yourself in the foot , bickering amongst one another , while countries in the shanghai pact have more ulterior aims and narrow , clear focus on what needs to be accomplished . 
  they can get stuff done while we ca n't . 
  future wo n't be too bright for the west , i admit . 
  the us is that . 
  our presence is an effective deterrent , and has been for decades . 
  russia would not want to fuck with us , because we make the bulk of nato 's force projection and spending . 
  without us , you would not have enjoyed relative peace on your continent after wwii . 
  and i do n't mean this to brag at all or bash the eu . 
  when we look at the libya operation or the weak response to france 's invocation of article 42.7 of the lisbon treaty , it is clear the eu member states still needs improvement . 
  until the eu federalizes , a country like france or italy may question coming to the aid of latvia , if putin were to ever exploit a loophole and send troops . 
  especially if it goes against their national interests . 
  the loss of the u.k only decreases the eu 's military potential . 
  many more americans have died for europe 's wars way before western europe even thought of the idea of nato . 
  what is your point ? 
  do n't underestimate russia . 
  sure , they may have the economy of italy , but they are able to pay low salaries to their soldiers compared to western counterparts , make some of the best military hardware cheaper than we can , have shown their hand in force projection , and they hold the largest nuclear arsenal in the world . 
  there is a rational fear of russia in eastern europe , for good reason . 
  meh , mexico does n't have state enemies . 
  tanks are n't feasible against the cartels and gangs . 
  those guys are even harder to kill than isis . 
  you ca n't even drop bombs on those guys . 
  he executed and cut off ears of soldiers , and gets shown on national television like he is a hero . 
  the guy is a monster . 
  what . 
  the . 
  she is a beautiful human being . 
  wow . 
  well fucking done !, 
  but keep going . 
  watch their actions and not their words . 
  is it not an odd coincidence that war in east ukraine is reigniting after trump 's election ? 
  i did not know coke can be addicting . 
  now that our government is in bed with putin , i predict he will focus on the big 3 - uk , france , and germany . 
  well , time to play battlefield now . 
  * plays theme song *, 
  no , the most advanced tank at this time ( but not yet battle proven ) is the russian armata tank . 
  this might sound absolutely absurd at first , but i am just saying the truth of what 's happening . 
  yes , they are programmed to hate us and it is because of the latest wave of feminism . 
  i do not mind feminism and i do not mind equal rights . 
  it is when american women ( of all races and ethnicities ) get this toxic , bitchy princess attitude in their head that can be a major turn off . 
  couple this with social media , women empowerment , and more women than men in employment and education , and they have really let themselves turn into self-important pricks with no humility or shame . 
  yet , anything to do with mens ' rights is immediately shamed and put down .
