  it seems like such a stretch that shell would lobby for war . 
  politics and sports do n't mix . 
  heh i keep seeing good news on economic outlooks in australia , us , and uk . 
  romania : defenders of european cyberspace . 
  romania stronk !, 
  agreed but eh we 're kind of used to it by now . 
  i go there next week , you just gave me an idea to visit a katrina tour . 
  thanks !, 
  oh we do , but it 's very small scale . 
  think small towns and cities . 
  we do n't do national parades though , maybe air shows and vehicle exhibits but that 's it . 
  maybe it 's a north american thing . 
  parking , croatian-style - new trend , now trending on instagram and twitter . 
  he is now happy_spaniard . 
  while i do n't foresee serbia considering nato membership because of the war , eu membership would be good for the country . 
  better standards of living , economic opportunities , getting rid of corruption . 
  but 10 years is a long time and things can always change . 
  i think us and eu already have major interests in africa , especially for europe . 
  we also have military operations together there . 
  perhaps there will be a clash of interests with prc and russia as their influence is growing in africa . 
  their drills in the mediterranean ( essentially europe 's swimming pool ) are n't for nothing . 
  i agree with your last statement . 
  however , the article says nato might be involved if eu vessels or aircraft are attacked ( which could mean just nato europe not us ) . 
  for the meantime , it will be purely a european operation led by the italians . 
  and like you , i hope it stays that way . 
  were they saying mean things to your girlfriend or something ? 
  stares ? 
  rip those who died . 
  nato , i choose you !, 
  use `` disarm ! '', 
  my ears , my ears !, 
  no idea what happened at [ 1:03:19 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ge023ihacye&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1h3m19s ) . 
   i wish there was subtitles . 
  someone will translate later today i bet . 
  damn , there 's an army of photographers with their dslr 's . 
  so what does she think of pork ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken , we are thinking of buying the puma to replace our bradleys . 
  happy europe day from north america !, 
  what building is that with the cranes at the top ? 
  dang it , it could have been six in a row !, 
  that 's true , so in that case its spanish that is very important here but learning german sounds pretty cool . 
  maybe when i am older and can travel more frequently . 
  for me personally , my family came from czech republic and i am first generation american . 
  my grandpa and parents told me to keep my mother tongue , but unfortunately i can barely understand , read , or write it , only small phrases here and there . 
  i ca n't even speak czech properly so it 's likely my family generations down the road will eventually lose our tongue , heritage , and mix with the americans . 
  so when i look at german americans and their history , i think `` damn , that will happen to us too . '', 
  and we can call that missile `` je suis charlie . '', 
  if only this was a thing . 
   why did you study our language ? 
  you troll . 
  rest in peace . 
  haha indeed that was . 
  it technically is n't due to english being the majority spoken language , but having a second language wo n't hurt . 
  helps with job prospects and such . 
  live coverage on bbc : http://www.bbc.com/news/live/election-2015-32594267, 
  that 's true . 
  too bad german is n't as popular now . 
  americans of german descent ca n't even speak it anymore . 
  sad ... 
  i could n't care less . 
  well , at least until race riots or civil wars start and get out of hand ... in which case i 'll just move to the carribean . 
  now that 's a man who knows how to live it up . 
  there was no mention how gangl and his men communicated with us troops but there was probably an interpreter somewhere . 
  wow that was unexpected . 
  always thought finns were left leaning and liberal . 
   `` of course , some countries are far away , they think that it 's not their business , they engage much more in problems of emigration , or africa , '' grybauskaite said . 
  that 's unfortunately true , everyone has their own interests to look after . 
  so how to get everyone on the same page ? 
   also no americano . 
  * plays the song . 
  may i ask why you are so for it , especially being australian ? 
  how does it benefit you and your country ? 
  not being rude at all , just genuinely curious . 
  at least france population was informed and was for it . 
  over here , we had no idea !, 
  it came out of nowhere . 
  that 's true too . 
  but maybe it would have been better phrased like `` naples-based joint command . '', 
  poor choice of words it seems like . 
  still using nokia lumia !, 
  huawei phones are rather unreliable and cheap feeling in my opinion . 
  leave it to au.ibtimes.com to combine two titles into one click bait title about lasers and nato `` command hq '' moving to romania . 
  yup , no mention in the title at all about it being a joint force command based in naples relocating to romania for only * 12 days * . 
  they got lost enroute to the moscow parade ... 
  qatar 's a big joke . 
  one sentence ? 
  one word more like . 
  nice . 
  at this point , our tanks are f-16 's while they have the f-22 of tanks , or whatever is the latest tank generation . 
  we also celebrated [ may 4th ] ( http://imgur.com/ievfslk ) earlier today !, 
  may the fourth be with you , latvia . 
  man , i hope geert wilders always has security detail with him wherever he goes . 
  talk about a close call . 
  this was hilarious , l\u00e6ffy level stuff . 
  that was great !, 
  point taken . 
  i 'm far from being a pro-russia guy , but i got downvoted for saying that russians and slovaks have good relations . 
  people do n't want to hear the truth . 
  it 's really not surprising , slovakia and russia have very good relations . 
  downvoted for saying the truth .
