  based on the idea of beggars going to scandinavia and making more money than workers at home . 
  no , i agree . 
  putin is not delusional , but i think if some eu members get cautious , the eu should send troops to `` reassure '' them . 
  i still think terrorism is more of a threat to the eu than putin . 
  libya is a growing hotbed for it and the closest threat to the eu , more so than syria imo . 
  time for some of us to go to switzerland and beg . 
  that is good news . 
  you might be forgetting the eu members that border russia though . 
  and while not an actual military threat , terrorism has attacked several eu countries like belgium and france . 
  you do n't think it will hurt the eu in the future , what with countries like china , us , and india flexing their muscles ? 
  i imagine it would . 
  you ca n't have the most powerful economic bloc in the world and not have an eu army to show for it . 
  even if germany does n't flex its muscles , the uk and france can and are fully capable of it . 
  in the future , an eu army might one day exist out of a necessity . 
  i think the dutch/german corps is a start . 
  if an eu army one day exists , history will look back at that as the beginning of it . 
  we hold alot of values from europe and even though we are in our own dark space today , we would n't have been here without europe to begin with . 
   americans do have a culture , and it is diverse . 
  today , europe is more influenced by american culture than the reverse . 
  this is neither a good or bad thing in my opinion . 
  it just is . 
  that 's interesting you see it that way . 
  because i do n't think any of that is culture . 
  to most americans , culture is more along ethnic lines , which makes us one of the more ethnically diverse nations in the world . 
  in europe , it is more along the cuisine , history , language , and so on which makes it the most cultural continent in the world today . 
  there 's also a difference between what americans and europeans perceive as culture . 
  americans tend to perceive cultural diversity along ethnic lines , for example . 
  yeah , but if germany does n't step up to the plate , who will ? 
  it ca n't be the us , it ca n't be russia , and according to some comments here , it ca n't be the eu either ? 
  something has got to give . 
  we 'll do what the french did , if it comes to that . 
  i just imagined telling the self-driving car to go to the beach but it drives off the cliff instead . 
  it 's simple . 
  obama complained because of what happened during libya . 
  and trump is just trump . 
  if we had a serious threat near alaska and europeans were stationed there , he would not be complaining . 
  to him , he sees the us military in europe = `` oh , we 're wasting money over there . '', 
  i do not see grounds for complaining because eastern europe has increased defense spending as a result of ukraine , and western europe is starting to pick up . 
  if we want to complain , it should be about the neighbor closest to us . 
  i see . 
  fair enough . 
   right ... but the uk is not the only example ? 
  and frankly there are plenty of people in the uk who are not happy about tuition fees coming up . 
  the uk has a education/loan system that americans and canadians can easily adopt . 
  change takes time and like i said before , we do n't know if we can adopt something similar to the scandinavian model just yet . 
  it might happen , it might not . 
  by the time we do , i imagine , the uk would already have the free tuition model . 
   you have a far-right and a centre right , that 's about it . 
  the two-party system is pretty flawed and the smaller parties have no choice but to side with one or the other . 
   heh , out of the two of us , i 've probably been to more places than you . 
  but that 's irrelevant either way . 
  my family is from europe and i visit family often . 
  i 've lived in asia too . 
  but you 're right , none of it is relevant to what we 're talking about . 
   and you 're no different than 99 % of americans i meet on the internet , always get overly upset when their country receives criticism ( which i frankly find to be incredibly disturbing ) . 
  what 's incredibly disturbing to me are people like you , the russian basher guys in this sub , or ltburtreynolds who go on constantly about america this , america that or russia this , russia that . 
  it 's an unhealthy obsession . 
  you need to live your life and possibly stay away from reddit for awhile . 
  you ought to go outside and take a breather . 
  there will always be people who have a different perspective than you and you ca n't really change that . 
  and you 're talking to a person who said the us is a third world country and that americans are blinded by patriotism , to which i was downvoted handsomely in this sub . 
  i accept criticism of this country , just not lies or misconceptions about this country , especially from people who have never been to america . 
  this country needs alot of work , which is why people like me want to make better . 
  we look to countries in europe , like the uk , to see what can be done . 
   well since i 'm not a brit at all ( and even if i was that was a pretty retarded comment ) , than you can perhaps explain it now instead ? 
  explain what ? 
  how i assumed you were british or the tuition bit ? 
  i lurk on / r/unitedkingdom sometimes and saw some of your posts there . 
  i assumed you were a brit , my mistake . 
  now if you 're talking about free tuition , the uk ( specifically england ) does not have such a [ thing ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/education/2015/nov/24/uk-has-highest-undergraduate-tuition-fees-in-industrialised-world-survey-finds ) in place either , with the exception of scotland i believe . 
  scottish students have free tuition and only have to take out loans for living expenses . 
  i also like their system of only having to pay back the loan after graduation if they make over # 21,000 . 
  this is a model i think we should copy . 
   seems like the us could easily do it , but since it 's quite a corrupt country run by corporations for corporations , it 'll never happen . 
  you and i do n't know that . 
  it might happen , it might not . 
  no one would have thought the us would have legalized gay marriage , for example . 
  unfortunately , you need to get out and travel the world more . 
  your posts just reek of condescendence and smugness , painting over a whole nation like that . 
  you 're no different from the anti-russian bashers on this sub who foam at the mouth everytime the us/russia comes up . 
  yeah , we have alot more idiots like those tracksuit boys you mention , here as well . 
  well , not exactly tracksuit but you get what i mean . 
  warsaw and krakow sound like safe bets . 
  i 'm not about to argue with a brit who 's own country does n't even have free tuition . 
  however , your country has taken steps that i think we would be wise to copy . 
  this [ article ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2016/02/17/466730455/fact-check-bernie-sanders-promises-free-college-will-it-work ) does a good job at explaining things . 
  unfortunately , no presidential candidate has addressed the rising costs of living , alot of which student loans are spent on ( at times , going further than tuition and fees ) . 
  i believe that is another problem . 
  i love sanders and i believe he has the right vision for america . 
  i 'll vote for him but i know he will not win . 
  to grant free tuition for all , is simply not realistic for a nation of our size . 
  he has the right idea on how to [ handle ] ( https://berniesanders.com/issues/its-time-to-make-college-tuition-free-and-debt-free/ ) the student loan interest rates and such so i 'll give him that . 
  in my opinion , we should not be looking at scandinavia as a model for our education and healthcare system , but to countries like canada , the uk , and the netherlands . 
  change would not be so drastic if we adapted to their ways . 
  only then , can we look at the scandinavian model . 
  http://i.imgur.com/b8llxp5.gif just replace with lithuania *, 
   we do n't have enough indians to form any kind of opinion , but we have around 60k vietnamese-poles , and they are seen as `` model minority '' . 
  good enough answer for me . 
  the last time i got in a brawl was in dresden because my friend was arab . 
  i do n't want to have that problem again .
