  not many men are like macron who 'd go for older . 
  it 's usually older man-younger woman , but they 're breaking stereotypes . 
  everyone has a price , set at different price points . 
  i 'd say she made off well for what she 's getting and for her age ( i 've seen way uglier , older men than trump with women in their 20 's and those guys are nowhere near as rich as trump ) . 
  it could 've been worse . 
  shit , i 'd have strict immigration too if i had to deal with the weeaboo horde . 
  germany and france . 
  that 's true too but there 's some who can be loud and rude like the brits and us americans . 
   obama came from ** more ** humble beginnings  compared to trump ? 
  obviously , but you 're taking everything out of context again . 
  again , you fail to see the whole picture . 
  compared to trump ? 
  europe just needs to form its own military wing . 
  be independent , federalize , and ignore the distractions coming from russia and the us . 
  if you work hard for it , absolutely . 
  it 's not uncommon to see folks in poverty getting scholarships to top tier schools . 
  i know plenty who went from the dumps to rice , for example . 
  whites included . 
  he went to harvard on scholarship . 
  even had scholarships for private college preparatory school . 
  he lost his father at 21 and later his mother . 
  he had struggles with social perceptions on multiracial heritage . 
  living in hawaii gave him perspective on diversity . 
  compare that to trump , who had everything handed to him as part of the trump family . 
  his immature behavior on the national stage is the result of those privileged , spoiled beginnings . 
  dude , the chinese and asians in general integrate quite well . 
  their kids turn out to be outstanding citizens , even exceeding the locals born here who turn into fuckups . 
  their culture emphasizes discipline , something we 're lacking in america these days with all the social media , laziness , and bullshit . 
  they are well regarded here too , except for tourists . 
  so happy they are not sporting beards . 
  the trend is dying slowly ... 
  easy to make that when you 're rich to begin with . 
  obama came from more humble beginnings and got 2 terms out of it . 
  that 's something i can respect even if i do n't like him much . 
  pretty much this . 
  and sadly , americans are n't really great at finances and debt planning , which urgently needs to be taught in high school . 
  so there 's that and controlling skyrocketing tuition . 
  progressive is edgy apparently . 
  the conveniently timed corruption case ruined hillary 's image . 
  the dems should have went with sanders . 
  we set the bar low as it is . 
  the only ones on par with us are russia and north korea . 
  you need holy water . 
  the thirst is real, 
  sweden and denmark , classic . 
  best ( in no order ) : netherlands , norway , sweden , denmark , czech republic , germany , poland worst ( in no order ) : germany , italy , spain , france , turkey, 
  yes , you have no manners . 
  it is not womanly . 
  i thought spain raised good women . 
  i only have this lowly view because of my environment , living in america . 
  in europe , i had no problem going on dates in berlin or making friends in prague . 
  i am happier in europe . 
  and really , i am not fucked up and superficial . 
  maybe you are - what kind of person calls someone else a jerk , loser , and low class ? 
  i did n't say that about you . 
  maybe you are low class person with a temperment . 
  i am not donald trump . 
  it is only * you * who chooses to believe that . 
  news flash : people are jaded everywhere . 
  just like you are jaded from living in barcelona , i am jaded of living in america . 
   uhh ??? 
  so what ? 
  all women are attracted to hansome men , hahaha where did you get the contrary ?? 
  everybody is atracted to good looking people naturally , but that does n't mean that you are attracted to all good looking people once you met them since the personality is the most importan thing or one of the most importan things . 
  i do n't know any boy/men who would date or have sex or with a dumb/vulgar but pretty woman , or at least several times . 
  maybe they would do it once but not more since after realising how that person is they would stop seeing her . 
  any other girl would do the same with a handsome but dumb/vulgar guy . 
  from my experience , this is terrible for relationship-minded people . 
  people having casual sex so much , there 's been studies that show it affects one 's mental health negatively . 
  and people who are relationship-minded would mostly feel insecure about a person who has more than 50 sexual partners . 
   what type of friends were those ? 
  with what kind of people you go ? 
  really if you think that just because you are a gangster everybody is a gangster then you are not that very smart . 
  just because everybody around you is like those people from the jersey shore tv show it does n't mean that everybody is like that , and it is very dumb of you do n't see beyond that . 
  not seing that because you are a certain way and people around you are a certain way , the rest of people outside that world are the same like you . 
  i mean do n't you see that people outside you are different ? 
  have n't you met people different like you and do n't you see other realities ? 
  really , do n't you at least read ? 
  i think what happens is that you have a very low cultural level . 
  nope , i 'm well traveled and like to learn about different cultures . 
  it could be i have bad friends . 
   well then go after girls who are like you , there are plenty of girls and boys who are looking for serious and steady relationships just like you . 
  i do n't get why you have so many problems in finding that and if you ca n't find them around you , then expand your horitzons and come to europe and meet nice and decent people but you have to be also decent which i do n't see you are much . 
  so that 's why maybe you do n't find any decent person , because decent people look for decent people like them not nuts/sexist/ignorant guys . 
  i have no choice but to go to southern or eastern europe or latin america . 
  i ca n't find decent women in the us anymore . 
  most women prefer having alot of casual sex , up until their 30s , then they want to magically settle . 
  men like me are not attracted to women like that . 
  a women who has 30 partners by age 25 , is like a women who had 30 jobs by age 25 . 
  good at getting them , not so good at keeping them , and probably not someone i 'd like to hire . 
   yes you have a problem , i 've never heard that coming from any intelligent/normal decent man , also how ugly is saying that you `` need to lower your standards and look for an average girl ?? 
  who do you think you are ? 
  brad pitt ?? 
  do you think that only models are pretty ?? 
  really i quite understand why you do n't find any girl , it is because you as a person are disgusting and not interesting at all , reallly no offence but it is how it is . 
  why do n't you think about that and try to make you a more interesting/nice/clean / decent person and try to read , learn , travel , open your mind and see things outside your world ? 
  and that does n't mean you have to become a liberal idiot . 
  you would not even find a wife in the 50 's if we could travel in time . 
  you are not decent and clean and smarta nd interesting that 's why you do n't fund anyone . 
  go to europe and meet some nice swedish/german/norweigean whatever girl who is smart , beautiful ( not model type just normal ) and try to learn something from them .
