  what does france think ? 
  still proceed to sell mistral ships to russia ? 
  does france think about potential consequences to nato or non-nato countries like ukraine or georgia ? 
  obviously , it 's contracted and you ca n't just back out but i 'm just curious and would like to know perspective from a fellow frenchman . 
  well uk is n't a shithole , that 's just what you think . 
  the negative attitude and might i even say ... social anxiety , is a bit strong there from people i met though . 
  i also would not mind if we absorbed russia into nato . 
  it would complete our conquest . 
  * evil laugh *, 
  the only people i feel sorry for are the russian people and the nations that border russia . 
  they have been exposed to soviet-style propaganda for far too long . 
  next , will be the american people ... panicking because rt will somehow twist a headline that a economic recession crisis hit the usa . 
  not that it 's the only news channel we watch , but they are becoming a strong player in news media now . 
  putin 's dream : yes , yes , come back to mother russia , comrade . 
  you have fallen victim to nato-syndrome . . lithuania , belarus , ukraine , ... the motherland , we can do anything if we are together again ... like family . 
  we even have new brother nations this time ... south ossetia , abkhazia , later donbass ... the sky ~ ~ europe ~ ~ is the limit . 
  we can tell yankee go home . . 
  anyway , convince your baltic brothers to come back too . 
  we can restore the glory that was the soviet union and start the new plan ... what ? 
  no , i * will not * tell you what the new plan is , that is secret . . kg - i mean , fsb stuff ... 
  eu is too divisive , self interest only . 
  of course , that would invoke article 5 , so us and other nato nations have to come defend . 
  but what he is saying is that we should not provoke the russian bear . 
  i was only kidding . 
  it makes me kind of glad we can all speak english , accent or not . 
  we would n't be able to whine or complain to each other on here otherwise . 
  on aircraft carriers : us : 10 italy : 2 uk , france , spain : 1 each . 
  the european aircraft carriers are just really small . 
  to put it simply , russia complained very loudly when the us sent a battalion to the baltics and poland . 
  what would have happened if the us sent a whole division , corps , or an army size so close to the russian border ? 
  they 'd go ballistic !, 
  now now , i think we should stay away from other nation 's women . 
  we got our own anyway . 
  ah yes , the apache is amazing too . 
  hate to be on the receiving end !, 
  `` no to right sector and fascist invasion !, 
  glory to russia !, 
  that 's what i literally saw on rt the other day . 
  we watch too much russia today here so we do n't know who to believe anymore . 
  i think that poland is contributing su-22 's for air support . 
  a-10 's are just amazing and if they are being used for training , that is great . 
  it 's the `` brrrr '' sound that gives everyone the chills . 
  to quote my norwegian friend : `` usa and europe are like a large family . '', 
  yes , there 's going to be differences and infighting . 
  yes , there will be complaints . 
  but when there is a common enemy or goal , the usa and europe are very much aligned . 
  look at berlin airlift/crisis for example . 
  or nato security agreement . 
  ttip etc. 
  i am all for us troops leaving one day , but i want to point out that we all have too much invested into one another that cutting ties would be disasterous . 
  have you guys used a-10 's for training in the baltics ? 
  from my understanding , the baltics do n't really have planes for air support . 
  fyi : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyprus_dispute http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_operations_during_the_invasion_of_cyprus_ ( 1974 ) one of the rare conflicts involving 2 nato countries going at it . 
  armies include : british armed forces , turkish cypriot , turkish armed forces , cypriot national guard , hellenic force, 
  you mean with putin lately trying to restore former glory to russia ? 
  so far , it 's been in ukraina and georgia , non-nato countries that we have no obligation to defend . 
  putin 's nuts but even he has some sense to not invade poland or the baltics , all nato countries . 
  it 's going to take alot more than vodka if he ever plans to invade . 
  my condolences . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  the arctic . 
  us , canada , and other nato countries could use more troops and resources there . 
  in the case of the arctic , the russian bear has turned into a polar bear now . 
  i still do n't understand why usa still has troops in europe . 
  nato commitment ? 
  ussr fell 2 decades ago . 
  so nato should 've collapsed with it . 
  besides , if another major war ever breaks out in europe , the us will always * somehow * get involved to defend our second motherland . 
  i am all for this , it is up to europe to say no to us troops . 
  granted , each country has its pros and cons but we sometimes take it for granted here in the us . 
  where i live we have shit-ton of traffic which elicits groans but people do n't realize how good we got it with plentiful employment , business opportunity , low cost of living , no state tax where i live , etc. 
  i 'm really thankful to be living here . 
  living so close to the gulf is also a nice vacation perk . 
  but back to the question , i think i would leave due to a major natural disaster like a hurricane ... and probably move to belize or something . 
  that , or a zombie apocalypse-esque sort of thing . 
  sounds like it 's every man for himself . 
  go to better country , obtain opportunity , never come back to homeland . 
  moldova needs to get that talent back . 
  i 'm not sure why russia has to have their business in these countries , just let them be . 
  not me , just copy/pasted a comment i saw . 
  i think it was offered . 
  the fine details were on a french news site but i ca n't seem to find it now . 
  according to rt , it says us lawmakers proposed to france on buying or leasing to nato , not us actually . 
  and one canadian senator proposed buying for canada or nato . 
  http://rt.com/news/162412-france-warships-sale-russia/ http://ottawacitizen.com/news/national/defence-watch/something-just-a-little-hypocritical-about-hugh-segals-suggestion-that-canada-should-call-out-france-on-the-sale-of-mistral-class-ships-to-russia i think the contracted sale will go through , but nato or the us will do something to the ships or find an alternative buyer , which will make france pay forfeiture . 
  only way to find out is wait until october . 
  should probably leave those ` commieblocks ' there . 
  if anything , it is an attraction for us and russian tourists . 
  did you guys have a drug bust for ... weed lately ? 
  thought i read something about that on us news but ca n't remember . 
  true that , i guess . 
  i mean no one knew back in 1945 that japan and the us would be allies today . 
  so i do n't see why the same ca n't be said for germany and poland , but the history is definitely there . 
  if anything , this event should make the us and poland stronger as russia is trying to drive a wedge between the two . 
  their embassy was supposedly 3 blocks away from this restaurant where the recording took place . 
  i highly doubt it would affect relations in any way , it 's relatively minor . 
  and if the poles think they have some sort of ` inferiority complex ' like some of the posters here mentioned , then they just need to adjust that attitude . 
  in times like these , we need strong and confident allies , otherwise russia will take advantage . 
  i would n't judge a nation from a small group of idiots . 
  this thread should be deleted .
