  we are letting in 4000 last time i read , but it 's not enough . 
  we have way too much bureacracy going on , they 'll be waiting forever . 
  let 's hope the brits can take in a good amount . 
  actually , believe it or not but the germans were interned as well . 
  really ? 
  so the navy is only small-scale things . 
  still , it looks more capable than most european militaries . 
  if the netherlands bought the f-35b version , then maybe you can park it on the rotterdam and turn it into a de-facto aircraft carrier . 
  i am certain that 's what japan is trying to do with their helicopter destroyer . 
  yeah , before this sub used to be very very pro-eu , pro-federalization . 
  now , ever since the greece incident , ukraine crisis , and this migrant issue , things have gotten sour . 
  it has gone from that to anti-eu , anti-immigration , and incredibly russophobic . 
  well , i hope i 'm wrong then . 
  do n't want to see what happens either because by then it 'd be too late anyway . 
  peace is always good . 
  that 's true i suppose and it is understandable . 
  actually from our stance , it makes alot of sense to support a federalized eu . 
  i think uk , france , italy , the netherlands , and maybe denmark can pull a falklands off ... 
  i wish we were , but that will never happen . 
  it is walking a tightrope . 
  if nato was n't , why not do the same back to the russians ? 
  taunt with subs ? 
  stage large-scale military exercises at the border ? 
  put nato troops at the mh17 crash site ? 
  fight separatist forces while acknowledging there are no russian soldiers there ( even if there are ) ? 
  nato is restraining itself because it does n't want a war with putin . 
  all argument for the uk remaining in the eu just went out the door . 
  key points and knowledge from reading about it previously on this sub . 
  it 's not legally binding and obviously , nato can break it off completely , but i think nato is trying to walk a tightrope by not stirring the pot with russia , hence the appeasement to germany and rotating forces in and out . 
  this is preposterous , i do not agree with russia 's war on food !, 
  here you go [ 1997 agreement ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/brussels/2014/09/03/qa-1997s-nato-russia-founding-act/ ), 
  romania rich !, 
  romania stronk !, 
  well maybe not now , but i ca n't tell you if they can in the future . 
  i just think this sub tends to underestimate russians . 
  like they 're inferior or something . 
  best not to provoke the bear . 
  a `` nice buffer ? '', 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the germans do n't even like their own military . 
  some spit at their own soldiers who get back from deployment . 
  they do n't care for their military let alone us . 
  maybe western germans back then `` appreciated '' this `` nice buffer '' but not the germans of today . 
  we have no reason to be in germany and should leave them the fuck alone . 
  so actually in that right , i do think bases in poland would be ok but it would be nice to just leave the equipment and hospitals there and bring home the soldiers . 
   polish independence will be sure only when us soldiers will be here permanently poland is already independent and sovereign , you do n't need us soldiers specifically . 
  a german soldier is as good as a uk soldier , a norwegian soldier , or us soldier because of nato . 
  there will be canadian boys and girls there too because of nato . 
  oh you, 
   untied states i 'm in a knot right now . 
  yup , the world operates as countries with interests . 
  if the interests of usa is to maintain dominance of influence against countries like russia and polish 's interests are to protect poland from russia , then interests align and are compatible . 
  simple really . 
  but we are all pawns of nationalism and the political elite . 
  ehh , not western european standards . 
  they are richer than us and able to save more money than us , even though our salaries are higher . 
  nevertheless , countries are all about interests . 
  if the us interests is in containing russia and romania 's interests is in maintaining influence over moldova against transnistria , then the interests are aligned and compatible . 
  it 's a two-way street this world . 
  we do it to them , they will do it to us ... 
  we ca n't , there are nato rules we are bound to . 
  we have to rely on ourselves . 
  europe will be too divided on backing us up if we go into the shitter with china , besides maybe ... the uk ... but even the brits may be reluctant . 
  plus , europe lacks the will ( of their populations ) and can only contribute small number of troops due to limited funding , manpower , etc. 
  they too only care for themselves , so we ca n't expect much from them collectively as a whole eu . 
  that 's what i hate about the us . 
  we act all high and mighty , trying to `` protect '' other countries but the same will not be reciprocated in the reverse . 
  and if we do receive help , it will be lackluster response ... again , we have to rely on ourselves . 
  it 's safer to assume responsibility yourself alone than assume others will be there . 
  hold your horses , cowboy . 
  i 'd trade fighting the guerrilla tactics and ied 's of the taliban with fighting a conventional army militia like the dpr . 
  we are much better suited for conventional warfare . 
  though of course that would entail fighting russians and the end of humanity as we know it . 
  better to leave that to battlefield 4 , 
  i 'm curious to know what are the other crises on your list . 
  lol , libya showed us that not everything has to have our hand in it . 
  the europeans initiated the operation under the guise of nato and we later joined . 
  and look at the nato rapid response force - there are no americans in it . 
  so yes , nato europe is a thing . 
  we contribute alot to nato but we do the same to the un - that does n't mean we control it or it requires our blessing . 
  if you do n't like that , you can vote for trump . 
  remember , we were originally invited by wudo to create a new alliance ( later known as nato ) and we were receptive to it , but it was never our idea to begin with . 
  just because you spend the most does n't mean you own the damn thing . 
  hey nato , make sure you do n't make / u/oran the commander of the nato force . 
  he 's going to kill all the refugees if they do n't go home , he says . 
  even if we disapprove , it 's not like nato europe is forcing our hand to contribute to this issue . 
  they can just do their own operations within the nato framework . 
  or eu if they want . 
  nato \u2260 usa nor do we lead it . 
  but you are right , it is not an issue for us and should n't have to be . 
  true . 
  the czech republic should pull an article 4 ( consultations ) of nato so the eu commission actually makes a move . 
  nato has a capitalist mindset that even members have to beg for bases . 
  you should try with the american women . 
   that 's why it is unthinkable for france and uk to not fight for the smallest nato country . 
  i would n't doubt it and they would go to bat any day of the week . 
  but it is more or less trying to assure countries like poland of protection because they had bad experiences in the past ( e.g. 
  wwii ) . 
  imo , there needs to be more western european nato troops from uk , france , nl , etc. 
  in those countries requesting nato bases .
