  and feel free to be the minister of defence , it 's up for the taking currently . . 
  if i was in europe , i 'd hijack an easyjet and fly it to aruba . 
  it belongs to the netherlands ( no one will want to bomb them ) and it is outside the hurricane alley . 
  some of you can come with me . 
  we 'll live off fish and local produce and create our own government with blackjack and hookers . 
  edit : the throne is free for the taking . 
  i have already abdicated because of a potential overthrow . 
  i run the ministry of fisheries and agriculture now . 
  case in point : eurofighter . 
  france decided to branch off and make their own thing - the rafale . 
  eu has ought to create a unified weapons and hardware program . 
  china . 
  now it is back to russia , unfortunately . 
   enemies : usa , ireland . 
  * makes a noose *, 
  nothing wrong with a motherbro . 
  great way to put it haha, 
  uk ... papa ? 
  * bumps fist *, 
  if it makes you feel better , we are your pants ( but we think of you as our hat ) . 
  we 're even . 
  op is on a karma streak . 
  search in / r/askeurope, 
   as someone from qu\u00e9bec i feel a very strong connection to france , even stronger than to western canada . 
  i can understand that . 
  likewise , we think of canada as a brother nation ( more of the anglo side i suppose ) . 
  pretty much . 
  let 's not forget eastern ukraine crisis could flare up as a result of turkey arming ukraine . 
  all of this could get ugly fast . 
  relax , friend . 
  there wo n't be any nuclear exchanges in our lifetime or the future . 
  nice colors . 
  can confirm , seen much vomit on the cobblestones . 
  nightly . 
   i pay less then 10 euro a year as a tax for my apartment . 
  brb , moving to poland . 
  interesting . 
  what city are you in and what is the rent average you would say ? 
  beautiful , looks sleek . 
  here 's the [ history ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_tiger_association ) behind it . 
  tl ; dr : annual meet ups of fighter jets and helicopters from various air forces to promote solidarity and public relations . 
  the aircraft are painted in various tiger schemes . 
  here is the [ gallery ] ( http://www.natotigers.org/tiger-gallery ) from the tiger meet association . 
  the dutch , germans , french , and turks have very cool paint jobs . 
  do n't let the door hit you on the way out , ungrateful migrants . 
  finland wo n't miss you . 
  you might be better off at / r/askeurope . 
  make no mistake , my country has a shameful history too but i think your account of history is a bit off . 
  iraq was never the will of nato , but a bullshit group called `` coalition of the willing . '', 
  libya was a french-led air strike initiative where nato eventually tagged along . 
  in that case , reuters is incorrect . 
  on the front page there 's this article called : * east european states to help stop migrants from leaving greece * according to the article , eastern european includes visegrad group , like poland and czech republic . 
  not bad , i would n't have minded those hats for my high school . 
  we 're a pretty easy scapegoat admittedly and our history has some shame in it . 
  my gripe with this sub are mainly the europeans who are `` hurr durr usa always bad '' and the americans who are `` hurr durr usa can do no wrong i 'm blindly patriotic '' then both groups make up a billion excuses to refute one another . 
  it 's stupid but hilarious . 
  my fellow white male americans are an angsty arrogant bunch , really . 
  they ca n't take criticism for shit and start replying/downvoting in droves to fit * their * agenda and how they see the world . 
  it gets annoying . 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  but it caused alot of controversy at the time and people were re-interpreting what he meant . 
  wow , if that 's not arrogant ... 
  `` make america great again '' figures , he 's a trump supporter . 
  one day , one day . 
  dear god i hope not . 
  nice , 
  of course , not . 
  i was merely pointing out the `` stopping you from committing genocide '' comment . 
  those were the world wars and the balkans . 
  this is brexit . 
  totally different comparisons . 
  who would the brits ( a 1st world country ) genocide in this day and age ? 
  that 's so laughable i do n't even . 
   after stopping you from commiting genocide . 
  what ? 
  rubio is just inexperienced in my opinion . 
  he does n't have a good shot tbh . 
  i hope cameron would . 
  that 'd be amazing . 
  i would love to lick the salty tears that come down the republicans ' faces . 
  agreed . 
  god , rubio would be horrible for us . 
  it 's more likely to be cruz over trump . 
  i meant it as a joke , of course . 
  i have n't had horse ... . . yet . 
  do you cook ? 
  worst . 
  rat . 
  well , i hope he gets some `` fuck-you money '' at least . 
  ton of bullshit he went through . 
  is today british bashing day ? 
  it sure seems like it . 
  we 're on the same side dude . 
  we give weapons to pyd and `` moderates '' to fight isis and assad . 
  turkey can invade and kill all pkk for all i care . 
  they 're all terrorists and should be bombed . 
  you 're correct . 
  i initially replied in defense of the uk because people were acting like the uk just sat around and did nothing . 
  this was my comment to / u/vertitto : `` it 's all cause-and-effect is what i 'm getting at . 
  ukraine incident -  poland and baltics call for help -  uk responds  the uk also sent trainers to ukraine .
