  never heard of it . 
  i do n't like it either but what can you do about it ? 
  these candidates have different opinions and beliefs . 
  my condolences to all affected . 
  i know this is just stupid words , but we are all belgians tonight . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  we had so many foreign policy blunders and made a shit ton of mistakes . 
  i will gladly admit to them . 
  we definitely fucked up . 
   your republicans are extreme far-right and now you have candidates proposing to ban every muslim from the us and having surveillance on all american citizens due to religion . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  it 's politics , people ca n't always be left-wing . 
  i personally hate republicans , but i wo n't stop them from running for the presidency . 
  its not like europe does n't have far-right elements either or never had slave colonies . 
  it 's just the way of the world , my friend . 
  you 're dutch * and * roman catholic ? 
  dude , that 's rare , at least from dutch i 've met . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm just trying to figure out the logic behind bases in the uk . 
  funny , because allies like the uk host troops but they are not under threat . 
  i do n't even know why we 're even there . 
  the uk has nukes and a military for christs sake . 
  germany is stuck in that role unfortunately . 
  who can lead ? 
  france ? 
  and get another libya ( no offense ) ? 
  what , with brexit and all ? 
  germany is the only prosperous , efficient leader . 
  some hiccups here and there but that is to be expected . 
  in war , none of that even matters ... 
  it 's more or less yours . 
  we ca n't dismantle nato though . 
  we could leave or get booted out by other members , however, 
  to be fair the uk and its power projection is necessary to protect itself , seeing it is part of europe after all . 
  i 'd say they 're doing their part . 
   broomsticks . 
  this was not a slight at germany at all . 
  nope . 
  and that 's a fair point . 
  the 2 % should not be a requirement , but a guideline . 
  * looks over at canada *, 
  why put bases on us soil ? 
  we have ocean on both sides of us and friendly nations all around . 
  i can see maybe european bases in alaska , but the mainland ? 
  hardly any use for one . 
  we do n't need your help because there is n't a threat . 
  besides , europeans train here all the time . 
  to be fair , we have a huge logistics and transportation chain whether by air , land , or sea , which is what i suspect , gets food to different places quickly . 
  for example , crawfish from louisiana arriving in 1-2 days to california . 
  it 's the same way in europe too ( i.e. 
  spain to ireland ) . 
  wow , that 's nuts . 
  good work , security guards . 
   get down to the ocean bottom and kill all american lobsters . 
  and so it began , the swedish-american lobster war . 
  it 's dated now . 
  the puma is the latest , newest toy . 
  he in turn was bribed by kfc . 
  what the fart !, 
  sorry , i was just using sweden and denmark as examples . 
  in germany maybe not , but in sweden ? 
  it 's very convenient and safe . 
  i 've seen trucks in iceland . 
  it 's honestly utility which trucks are known for . 
  it wo n't make sense in europe because of urbanization . 
  supposedly , renault brought down the quality in recent years , but i can not comment on that . 
  they seem excellent to me though . 
  except the british and the commonwealth have the best relations . 
  i ca n't really say the same between russia and ukraine ... 
  relations between russia and poland are pretty shit as it is , to be fair . 
  hmmmm , an anglosphere-centric ( minus ireland and usa ) commonwealth-only eu-style free movement . 
  why does n't this already exist ? 
  sounds genius . 
  good one . 
  more governments should have this level of banter . 
  most scandinavian cities are pretty clean and definitely on par with japan or singapore . 
  i 'd probably go with oslo . 
  maybe it 's just me but i have a feeling poland will be the country that eastern europe will look to should a crisis like that of ukraine , occurs again . 
  they know now that they ca n't trust western europe or us to do shit in their backyard . 
  libya was a one-time thing . 
  if anything , it is a lesson about logistics and supply for the uk and france . 
  we are never going to war with china . 
  stop painting them as a boogeyman . 
  savage !, 
   oki doki i 've been summoned !, 
  they talk online . 
  exactly this !, 
  i 'm seeing the same criticism against germany too , so i can understand what they 're going through . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
   and who was it we destabilized iraq for ? 
  usa , in the hunt for chemical weapons . 
  fair point . 
  maybe denmark should stop following us all the time , like little girls . 
   i 'm pretty sure it will help more than supplying weapons to islamists and rebels in syria , which the us has been doing . 
  denmark supplies weapons to kurds . 
  we supply weapons to islamists , rebels , and kurds . 
  does it make a difference when refugees are blaming assad more than isis for their supposed `` safety '' ( or should i say economic reasons ) ? 
  the us should follow denmark 's lead on how to resolve this crisis . 
  maybe jensen will show us how its done and we wait and see how much improvement there is : dd, 
  so really , all you want to say is us is 100 % at fault .
