  i do n't know why we even bother to extradite him after all this time . 
  we are allies by alliance only . 
  relations between us and turkey have not always been good and the polls show it . 
  the dispute going on now is none of our business . 
  that 's what nato is for . 
  russia is not weaker than italy . 
  they can destroy all of the west with nukes . 
  not when its radio silence , in a warzone , for the russian pilots . 
  it would be different over here , because we have vast ocean and no war . 
  russian pilots would open all channels of communication i would think . 
  shhh . 
  this is hard to believe . 
  likewise , welfare in europe is alot better than we have here . 
  but it is great to live in usa if you are at least middle class and up . 
  same goes for canada and australia i think . 
   eagle , lion ( griffin ) god no, 
  we should just combine . 
  ub soldiers ( united britannia ) . 
  sadly , teenagers joining is lack any rationality behind their choices , aside from blindly following a religious creed . 
  by the time they realize how good they have it living in a rich and modern western country , it is too late . 
  its mainly europeans and 1 american saying that . 
  they are scared of russia . 
  i imagine turkey and greece have some sort of compliance in place to communicate and escort away from respective airspace properly, 
  despite all that , we 're living in better times than the world was during the 20th century . 
  i would not mind if swedes shot our plane down and we were explicitly going into their airspace while not heeding warnings . 
  we would do the same , regardless of nationality . 
  only this time , we have no intention of harming russian soldiers like in afghanistan . 
  i mean , we bend over backwards to ensure ukraine only gets non-lethal aid . 
  also , russia came to syria after we were long bombing isis and arming the `` moderate '' rebels . 
  shit 's awkward now . 
  you guys live in the future . 
  now you know how we feel when russians say they are doing all the work to bomb the terrorists . 
  yeah ? 
  and you realize that we would all go to war because of nato ? 
  putin is tough , but he is not dumb . 
  then please for the love of god , make them straight . 
  honestly , i think your country did the right thing . 
  there are consequences for such incursions and i think your country was the first to test that with russia . 
  even mine would not have shot down the russian plane , instead we just complain . 
  complaining would not set the record straight , however ... 
  but on the other hand , i am worried what it has led to and sad to know a pilot is dead . 
  turkey seems to be the ballsiest member of nato . 
  my country would write a strongly worded condemnation letter if the russians did that to us . 
  turkey is ballsy . 
  that 's the uk 's unofficial third aircraft carrier . 
  or do like me . 
  do n't fall off the fence . 
  dutch consulate staff reaction : `` what the fuck did we do ? '', 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/399uj4/german_public_rejects_nato_mutual_defence/ ? 
  read of it here . 
  in the pew global polls , u.s. and the uk were the few countries that would live up to its obligation . 
  it was countries in western europe like france whose citizens said should not have to honor its obligations . 
  why would transatlantic relationships suffer ? 
  that 's on france for dealing with russia if they want to . 
  just like we made a deal with russia in syria . 
  telling you man , the fourth reich is real . 
  because it will look like an elephant . 
  didnt uk call it a terror act at first ? 
  not bullying but we play spy games with each other . 
  do n't tell me , tell that to the government . 
  we 're already there , invoked or not . 
  we have combat advisors on the ground to call in air strikes and special ops on the ground . 
  officially , it 's no combat troops . 
  part of me hopes article 5 is n't invoked so europe can accomplish objectives without us being there . 
  plus it might have the benefit of starting an eu army , you never know . 
  i think we 're still helping the french regardless of eu or nato defense clause . 
  but i am happy there is no obligation for us , and that this could finally get an eu army started . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  uh , who cares ? 
  these special forces specialize in covert intelligence and reconnaissance . 
  i am pretty sure they are armed , but it is hidden away for strategic purposes . 
  a terrorist , for example , is n't going to bring out his kalashnikov when there 's a bunch of well-trained and well-armed soldiers nearby . 
  he 's going to take it out when he has the best chance to inflict the highest amount of casualties on people who appear unarmed . 
  i believe that 's the role the srr will play . 
  to stop an act in progress . 
  same tactic with the undercover cops in the subway , though strangely article says they are unarmed ? 
  even if they get cut off support by those countries , they will last for some time , especially with the resources and territory they now have . 
  i would be an advocate for carpet bombing if it was n't for civilians still living in isis territory ... 
  even after we killed jihadi john , another will just take his place . 
  the hydra keeps growing ... 
  how can you compare germany to afghanistan though ? 
  one 's modern and advanced , the other is very ... backwater . 
  they are nothing alike . 
  til that denmark tried to sell the danish west indies to the german empire as well . 
  i think we gave them a little test drive by transporting their troops and helping them out . 
  they like what they saw . 
  if you pay off in full every month to avoid interest , it 's a great financial tool that comes with points or cash back . 
  cards in general are accepted everywhere and it is just more convenient with credit cards to pay because , it 's widely accepted and i do n't have to deal with change and let 's say you lose your wallet - you will not be held liable for any unauthorized transactions . 
  your credit card probably works the same way too . 
  ca n't you just talk to the person and tell them you 're not interested in dating , only hooking up ? 
  you do n't have to follow the conventional 15 % rule . 
  hell , i do n't . 
  it does . 
  search youtube and type in `` facts . '', 
  you will see . 
  americans have buzzfeed , ireland has facts. , i wonder what the uk equivalent would be called ? 
  mid-sized economy ? 
  * middle * of the atlantic ocean ? 
  i 'd like to have what he 's smoking . 
  the difference between milan and naples is like night and day .
