  they have the tanks and numbers . 
  then it 's a matter of north america and europe reinforcing thereafter . 
  you are discounting european military advances in technology and whatnot . 
  it 's a reason why russia bought mistrals from france . 
  you say that but russian air defense is no joke either . 
  never underestimate your enemies . 
  we 'd gladly trade you / r/texas for / r/bavaria . 
  you should take this up as a side hobby and sell these passport holders on etsy or equivalent of it . 
  i do n't know what happen to iraq and afghanistan then lol . 
  more so iraq . 
  japan was a very interesting case though . 
  this is quoted from [ yakuza : the warlords of japanese organized crime ] ( http://digitalcommons.law.ggu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1034&amp;context=annlsurvey ) :  perhaps the most important thing the american occupational forces did , which eventually gave the yakuza unprecedented political power , was to release from prison a class a war criminal named yoshio kodama . 
  kodama was released from prison due to a combination of two factors . 
  first , the occupational forces feared that communism would spread to japan , and kodama had connections within the criminal underworld and the government to suppress that perceived threat . 
  more importantly , however , was the coming to power of the communists in china , and the americans ' need for someone who had previously operated in china and who had an extensive intelligence network there . 
  as a result , kodama became one of the most powerful men in postwar japan , and he also became the yakuza 's link to the highest levels of japanese government . 
  kodama 's activities before and during world war ii made him a very wealthy individual , and he used that money after his release from prison to finance the founding of the liberal - democratic party ( ldp ) which controlled the japanese government until the early 1990 's . 
  we still see alot of inner workings of yakuza in business and politics in japan . 
  maybe it 's a good or bad thing , i do n't know for sure . 
  i 'm sure we 'd offer something to help them with their debt but not quite enough to take on all their debt . 
  yeah , the whole situation with greece is a tough one to address really . 
  the eu is in a tough position . 
  very true . 
  ah i headed south towards bene\u0161ov ( and later brno ) so that might explain it . 
  oh you mean going into countryside and such ? 
  i have done so as well , it does n't look bad to be honest . 
  and yes , skoda is everywhere and are great cars !, 
  might give benz and bmw a run for their money . 
  i guess more reason to buy american or european when it comes to such ships . 
  i would n't doubt that either . 
  they had the manpower back then . 
  i think we 're generally pro-eu and pro-nato , because it goes against russian gov ' t interests . 
  the whole divide between germany and greece is not within our interests , for example . 
  even obama called for less austerity measures against greece because greece can always up and go to russia . 
  we do n't really have a wall , more like a crappy fence and border patrol lol, 
  symbolic maybe , but nothing to deter russia . 
  if i were a local , i 'd take advantage and sell them lemonade . 
  it 's not addressed to europeans living in those countries , it 's mainly for americans . 
  the uk have something similar as well . 
  so do n't sweat it about drinking your tap water , it 's fine . 
  this . 
  our people have much to learn ... 
  i wonder how history would have turned out if we followed churchill 's operation unthinkable . 
  it 's way better than before , according to the locals . 
  prague itself from west to east is beautiful . 
  the one mall i visited looked really nice and i was kind of shocked they had even hooter 's bar there in old towne . 
  that 's ... pretty american . 
  it 's actually a really modern european city that has its old and new . 
  they have bought into the capitalist system and it works fine . 
  i did see a homeless person on charles bridge and maybe that 's a result of capitalism ( or alcoholism ) . 
  i do n't know personally if there were any homeless in the communist days . 
  the country but i can see how the shop would work too . 
  frozen stargazy pie ... with home delivery service at the ready . 
  careful now , russia may deem serbs suppressed russian minority . 
  good guy norway . 
  and capitalist at heart . 
  he knows well . 
  protest to kick them out . 
  nato will not stay if the country does n't agree with . 
  we need to call iceland . 
  taking away swift during the momentum of sanctions would have more disastrous effects . 
  not surprised they are rebounding , though it 's somewhat still unstable . 
  very good ads . 
  yet another european country diversifying their resources and keeping it flexible . 
  nice , romania . 
  nice . 
  this is how russian government dictates what a country should do or not do ... with nuclear threats lol . 
  boy , that will surely boost the dane 's positive perception of russia now . 
  who hired that guy ? 
  quick , reddit strap him down before he shoots himself !, 
  it should be one now . 
  afghan war is over . 
  dutch are bombing isis in iraq/syria now . 
  unless i 'm missing something else . 
  was about to say this , haha, 
  in czech republic i noticed electronics are expensive , including video game consoles and games . 
  for example , i saw ps4 from about 430 ~ 450 usd . 
  you can get it for much cheaper with free shipping and no tax in some states as low as 360 usd in the us . 
  good one !, 
  not pro-yuropean but definitely more pro-west as a result of mh17 and the attacks in denmark and france . 
  that and maybe because i traveled through europe . 
  it 's a feeling of solidarity with the people there i guess . 
  yeah i have to agree on that one . 
  there could be a nuclear war going on and australia would just be left alone lol, 
  ha , estonia is like the usa of the baltics because we 're always going on and on about meeting the 2 % with countries like france and germany just like estonia does with latvia and lithuania . 
  always good to diversify your sources as opposed to putting everything into one basket . 
  ukraine is fortunate to have at least one stable neighbor in poland . 
  a growing strong economy to boot . 
  ca n't say i 'm not surprised . 
  so now the dutch have evidence . 
  what will happen now ? 
  go after the perps , provided they can find them ? 
  following the money ... 
  a bit of both - undermine stability and prevent countries from joining nato via frozen conflict ( transnistria , east ukraine , south ossetia , and abkhazia ) . 
  i do n't think sweden or finland would provide any benefit to them , do n't really have suppressed russian minority . 
  so much for anarchy yet buy burgers at mcdonald 's , world reknown for capitalism lol, 
  we do have protest marches that get large numbers , especially during the vietnam and iraq wars . 
  but people usually use signs and slogans . 
  do n't recall burning vehicles in d.c. however . 
  this is very sad .
