  houston ? 
  pretty random !, 
  sure . 
  trailer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aip0ejfwwr4, 
  thanks , mate . 
  i spent the last 30 minutes exploring utrecht . 
   right now the average russian seems to feel a disconnect with the rest of europe . 
  we are like the russians then . 
  i feel the same way about american attitudes towards mexico . 
  shame . 
   `` flags of our fathers '' and `` letters from iwo jima '' they do n't make movies like that anymore . 
  :( i think france made a movie about algerians in wwii but that was about it . 
  it 's interesting to see the other side in western media . 
   that russian women look like w **** s did they get burned by a russian woman or something ? 
  i would argue russian women give western european women a run for the money . 
  these oligarches are the result of being coddled since birth . 
  any romanians looking to marry an american too ? 
  we 'll get the best of both worlds . 
  high salaries and then live like conquerors in romania with god-like internet speeds . 
  i can become bi . 
  briefly . 
  yeah . 
  is barcelona not good ? 
  agreed . 
  i guess salary wise , you would want to be in a us city not too expensive . 
  however , if given an expat package with us salary and live in romania , i would take it in a heartbeat . 
  money goes further too . 
  i agree . 
  make money in the uk/usa and take that money elsewhere and live like a king . 
  germans are very distrustful of credit cards and i am guessing because they do not have fraud protection on their credit cards , there are annual fees , or they have a fear they will spend excessively . 
  some people , after all , are not meant for credit cards if they can not pay the balance in full at the end of the month . 
  seriously . 
  sounds like a move might be in order . 
  i hate you . 
  they have scientific know-how . 
  i am quite impressed with what little funding the state can make do with . 
  this is a country with a gdp smaller than italy after all . 
  would n't france and the uk * technically * be superpowers ? 
  they 're both unsc council members , have nuclear weapons , territory across the globe , have global reach militarily , and high amount of soft power ( media , influence , culture etc ) . 
  where do they stand in comparison with say , india or russia ? 
  it would be great if there is a modern picture of this spot today . 
  iceland is in a strategic location in the north atlantic , both for tourism and military matters . 
  it is also great for trying minke whale with a side of horse and bathing in natural hot tub by volcanic rock . 
  the siestas are working !, 
  damn , is today belgian bashing day or something ? 
  interesting , i thought france , sweden , or germany would be in the top 10 . 
  wow , that 's amazing for masters . 
  3 attempts . 
  that 's like grad school heaven . 
  wait , you guys use u.s. version of google ? 
  ah , who am i kidding . 
  the u.s. is practically a part of mexico at this point haha, 
  these girls are uncharacteristic of polish girls from i 've seen , definitely not the cream of the crop . 
  they call english women ` slut bitches ' but they literally just described themselves . 
  yup , sounds about right . 
  it is absolutely brutal if you do not have health insurance . 
  if germany is going to bolster an eu army , it has to boost spending anyway which also meets nato 's 2 % guideline . 
  usa is at home playing video games and eating pizza while his gf canada is on ` vacation ' an ocean away , hooking up with france at the nightclub so she can knock out `` romance in paris '' off her bucket list . 
  france is a part-time playboy ( multiple side chicks ) and full-time lover ( his gf being germany ) . 
   do people really , honestly believe that trade with canada will lead to unhealthy food ? 
  i can understand usa but canada ? 
  hmm . 
  we must be a diseased people to some people outside our countries , a human experiment if you will . 
  hollande is like obama . 
  if sarkozy was in place , he would have led the charge by now . 
  it 's simple as that . 
   she thinks half the country is deplorable , latinos `` needy '' , probably thinks black people are stupid and catholics and protestants are idiots . 
  when you consider the alternative , she is more of an angel even though our options of best candidate suck . 
  * cough * eu * cough *, 
  that 's hilarious . 
  because hd is all over in our grocery stores and is seen as a premium , popular , and classy ice cream . 
  here 's a us [ commercial ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov3g0oc798e ) and [ another ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3zy4trz7po ) . 
  beats me , mate . 
  they are over in [ pisa ] ( http://www.usag.livorno.army.mil/archivednews.asp ) and a place in vicenza . 
  they hold ceremonies and festivities . 
  looks like they are having more fun than they do training !, 
  yep , i recall her saying she is italian . 
  that really reminds me of russians living in the us and making complaints ... 
  this is an old post . 
  what 's wrong with haagen dazs ? 
  what 's the alternative then ? 
  idk . 
  another space race ? 
  arms race ? 
  information cyber warfare ? 
  more sanctions ? 
  honestly , only change can come from within and that will belong in the hands of the russian people . 
  the west can only sit back and watch . 
  europe would do itself well by investing into its defence infrastructure at this time , to defend against all threats . 
  this . 
  i would argue it would be better to have us , uk , norway , turkey , and ** eu ** in nato . 
  it would be more efficient than having 24 countries . 
  edit : i forgot about canada . 
  we are actually pretty [ active ] ( https://newcoldwar.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/map-of-operation-atlantic-resolve-the-permanent-u.s.-military-presence-in-eastern-europe-u.s.-dept-of-defense.jpg ) in europe and have a good bulk of troops in germany , italy , uk , nl , etc. 
  we have a 1,000-strong battalion in poland on `` permanent '' rotational basis as part of nato . 
  if a theoretical war with russia happens , then yes , europeans would bore the brunt of it initially . 
  that 's just geography . 
  look at the baltic region . 
  it does n't help that we 're an ocean away . 
  it takes time to bring reinforcements .
