  wait until you see how involved the eu and nato are outside europe . 
  it is just part of geopolitics . 
  i agree with you on vietnam and iraq . 
  not too sure about korea and afghanistan . 
  i 'd argue south korea is better off than being under kim jong un , but that 's a different matter . 
  at the time , we armed the mujahideen to fight the soviets during the cold war . 
  they would later reform into separate groups - one under the taliban and another under ahmed shah massoud . 
  the latter was our primary contact , but he would later be killed by the taliban ( technically , al-qaeda ) . 
  i do n't believe us intelligence ever foresaw this coming , and that obl would order the 9/11 attacks . 
  he was n't even well known to us , until around mid 90 's . 
  saying this , let 's not forget the bnd had cooperated with the mujahideen and isi during the soviet-afghan war . 
  your country is not innocent either . 
   so tell me how the constant mingling of foreign powers in afghanistan has profited the country ? 
  there is no shortage of afghan opinion that western intervention has benefited the country . 
  ask them if they want to go back to the taliban . 
  in my opinion , however , we should have left afghanistan and handed the reigns over to the northern alliance when we had the chance . 
  we are good at conventional warfare , but occupation is not our forte . 
  that 's exactly the ignorant thinking that has created isis out of the invasion of iraq . 
  we should stop and analyze and learn and not do the same moronic errors again and again . 
  syria is another well-intended disaster now the nato and russia are competing in bombing the country . 
  we have stopped and analyzed already . 
  what else do you propose to do ? 
   but if i read the article right it seems like the officers are failing to fulfill their duties , lying about current state of affairs and do n't care about the soldiers . 
  i do n't know why but the article seemed kind of vague to me . 
  this makes alot of sense , however . 
  when they say the command structure is being corrupted , what does that even mean ? 
  are they being bribed by outside forces ? 
  money involved ? 
  or just in general incompetence ? 
  the summit pretty much hit all the right points in my opinion . 
  ukraine got an assistance package , eastern nato members got the troops that they wanted , eu and nato are boosting cooperation to higher levels , nato announced new training missions and a maritime mission in the mediterranean , new intelligence centre in tunisia ( why not libya ? 
  ) , montenegro is still interested , sweden and finland got cozy but not quite enough to want to join , and hopefully a restart in talks with mr. putin . 
  i think everyone walked away happy except for turkey . 
  they wanted nato to do more to fight terror attacks . 
  securing the borders , boosting intelligence , and boosting cooperation at sea ( look at nato supporting mission for the eu ) . 
  these are all military matters in one way or another . 
  i tend to look at the overall picture and not just my own country though . 
  iraq was a huge mistake . 
  so was france 's initial intervention in libya . 
  mali and afghanistan are the good fights . 
  unfortunately , dwelling on the past wo n't do you any good in the present . 
  what 's done is done . 
  now it matters how to prevent the crises in the mediterranean and middle east from going bad to worst . 
  it was the first thing to pop up in my mind . 
  something a rapper would wear . 
  what would you prefer ? 
  [ : / ] ( https://cdn2.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/paazuu8z6sqos8iack9oa0uqrry=/75x0:825x500/1280x854/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/49493993/this-is-fine.0.jpg ) and those friendly neighbors of yours are having outside issues . 
  it does n't concern you ? 
  i picture germanyball with shades on , a huge chain necklace , and wearing a tracksuit - rolling around in euros right now . 
  eu puppet you mean, 
  look at the world around you . 
  you have countries asking for help against russia . 
  you have countries asking for help in mali . 
  you have countries asking for help in libya . 
  you have countries asking for help in the mediterranean sea ( italy ) . 
  you have isis lone wolves in europe itself . 
  this is a threat to german security , and especially to the eu , the bloc that germany prides itself on . 
   would you rather us be a militarized country again ? 
  yes . 
  just discussed this with a friend from dusseldorf and he said germany needs to step up . 
  just look at the world around you . 
  the problem seems to be most germans are reluctant about anything military . 
  nato is becoming a paper tiger . 
  attacks in france , belgium , and turkey . 
  mute response . 
  it makes me wonder do thousands have to die before nato responds ? 
  what is the trigger ? 
  still , it comes off as a bit of a waste . 
  * $ 800 million * . 
  it does n't really protect our side , it protects the european half of nato and some of our bases but that 's it . 
  rather have that money go to a more polished f-35 or better yet , benefit americans in education , food , and housing . 
  shame it 's come down to this though . 
  we had noticeably very good relations with russia pre-2008 . 
  what the fuck happened . 
  lithuania gets all the goodies it seems . 
  snack sharing would be a blast . 
  german soldier : `` i have brought you all * haribo black licorice * . '', 
  this reminds me of the time when the us was racist against eastern european immigrants back in the day . 
  luckily it is n't like that anymore , but now we have the whole black vs white issue over here . 
  just a sad state of affairs for both countries . 
  why do we have to back the uk in everything ? 
  let them do their own thing . 
  they reap what they sow , that 's their issue not ours . 
  we 're getting ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ lousy trump , so we can be isolationist . 
  perfect timing !, 
  which might blow up in our faces one day . 
  ^ marketing pitch . 
  the long con . 
  my apologies . 
  russia should be working on better relations and withdrawal of troops from eastern europe to get the chance of joining nato . 
  then their grumbling of nato will go away . 
  it wo n't ever happen though . 
  i think i will enjoy the day when canada upends us hegemony and dominates the world with canadian music artists , maple syrup , and poutine . 
  sending troops is just the beginning . 
  very nice of them to do that . 
  no enemies , no allies , no alliances , great geography . 
  switzerland is in an enviable position . 
  as long as they do n't turn into venezuela , they should be ok . 
  are france and russia not big markets ? 
  they 're neglecting the player bases there by not including their country 's factions .
