  ... now kiss . 
   you should question your own motives when you encourage military strength so much . 
  it depends on the circumstances . 
  japan and germany have historically been pacifist nations since wwii . 
  japan , however , had to revised their constitution and revitalise the military in the wake of threats and territory disputes with china . 
  if someone threatened your territory or country , would you let that slide or will you fight ? 
  plus , it 's not like military is all about killing and guns . 
  there 's alot more to it like humanitarian responses , disaster relief , engineering , and more . 
  the bundeswehr is not foreign to that concept either . 
   i wish more countries acted as diplomatically focussed , peaceful and conscious as them . 
  this i agree with , but again depends on the circumstances . 
  with germany , there 's probably little threat to it from russia which is why there is preference for diplomacy . 
  countries that border a country like rufed or north korea not only have to use diplomacy but maintain full readiness of military forces . 
  if only the world was as black and white , but it 's not :(, 
  czech republic , beer , 
  my grandfather and parents say otherwise . 
  they say it 's important to get my future kids involved as much as possible with our heritage because in america , it 's too easy to assimilate and lose your culture and language . 
  my grandfather even went as far as to say to keep the lineage pure and stay away from american `` mutts . '', 
  i 'm first generation btw . 
  in fuckamerica.ru , there 's a shirt that says `` my grandfather did n't need visa for trip to berlin in 1945 . '', 
  ca n't disagree with you there , it kind of looks bland . 
  i can only hope they offer something cool and innovative . 
  so far i like the uk pavilion the most . 
  it does n't matter if german army has no du ammunition or not . 
  the country has increasingly been anti-military and will make cuts to their forces as they see fit . 
  complaints from soldiers will go unanswered . 
  it 's a pathetic shit show that 's going on in germany , just look at [ this ] ( https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/hphotos-xfa1/t51.2885-15/e15/11142968_1558295227745081_1817151580_n.jpg ) . 
  to be honest i have never heard of this expo before but have been to milan . 
  this expo should bring the city good revenue from the visitors . 
  here 's what it looks like [ so far ] ( https://twitter.com/aleusai/status/592788492633137152/photo/1 ) . 
  i 'm not a fan of the layout really , that 's my only gripe . 
  plus i 've been to worst ... 
  towards the end of the video , the dog is going across the moving walkway and the announcement lady repeats over and over `` mind your step . '', 
  it reminded me of the many times i was at schiphol , on layovers and such . 
  i foresee this on ps + and vita . 
  now if only they made a vr version of this ... 
  guess we 're joining the eu to out troll the trolls . 
  cold war 2.0 wo n't be fought with proxies and intimidation , but with trolls . 
  fake or not , the media will suck this up one way or another . 
  very shocking video nonetheless . 
  this is what i call priceless . 
  you ca n't put a price tab on it , especially for the circumstances . 
  and people saying it 's a waste of dutch taxpayer money , are you guys even dutch to begin with ? 
  they can do whatever they please . 
  ah how i miss the `` mind your step '' at schiphol . 
  nl is one of the few countries in the world to have medium power projection capability , despite the size . 
  good guy swedes . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddab35syir0 the attacker did n't even look like he was pinned down hard and yet he was yelling `` i ca n't breathe , i ca n't breathe , my arm 's shaking ... ''  . , 
  yes ... [ yes ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/10/06/article-0-0d61fa4800000578-123_634x394.jpg ) it is . 
  oh god , without the context i thought this was a military themed wedding with the moldovan soldiers in the back as wedding attendees watching the bride go rambo . 
  i feel roughly the same as you but i also think we need to be cautious just in case . 
  you know how the saying goes , `` better safe than sorry . . '', 
   nato insurance group [ \u2122 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/30hise/montenegro_is_ready_to_join_nato_bulgarian_pm_says/cpsratq ) ad, 
  soon , there will be litte green journalists . 
  and they were quite pointless . 
  but at least relations between greece and turkey are better now iirc . 
  and if i 'm not mistaken , canadian pay rate is also good . 
  counter-terrorists win !, 
  i foresee poland doing the crushing before we get there . 
  the country has become a battle of influence between croats and serbs with czechs in the middle . 
  just check the forum . 
  is it really because of nato ? 
  i doubt it . 
  maybe it 's lip service because turkey 's been doing things [ opposite ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/turkey-is-making-nato-very-uncomfortable-2015-4 ) of what we expect them to do , so we are literally trying to bring them back to earth with this sweet talk . 
  but yeah , i do n't foresee the turks leaving it now or ever . 
  there 's alot at stake if they leave voluntarily , like no collective defense , ca n't get even with greece because they 're in nato and turkey is n't ( if they ever fight again ) , and no more article 4 's ... 
  now everyone 's happy . 
  2 north american nations ( canada , usa ) and 2 european nations ( uk , and poland soon ) sent trainers . 
  that 's 3 anglo countries and poland . 
  anglosphere for the win !, 
  funny how anglosphere is welcomed in central/eastern europe . 
  you 'd think there 's a anglo-slavic alliance thing going on :p, 
  damn , another balkan problem . 
  liberland anyone ? 
  the australian example on the front page is a very good example . 
  close europe 's borders , ensure all european countries no longer accept anymore migrants , deport all migrants who arrive , and establish centers in those countries where people should properly apply for citizenship . 
  not relevant : how popular is yahoo in the uk ? 
  lately , i 've been going on other yahoo international sites ( canada , uk , australia , and singapore ) to read the comments from other people 's perspectives on certain topics . 
  comments are n't as many as the american version but it 's quite interesting to see . 
  all versions are whiny and generally pessimistic , that 's for sure except for maybe the australians . 
  finland being a meatshield for sweden . 
  well if russia blatantly stated they would paint denmark as a target for nukes , i think we have very good reason to keep them as a plan b. 
  if ukraine had nuclear weapons , i do not think russia would have invaded . 
  nuclear weapons are still viable . 
  there 's so much division in that country i 'm not sure you guys really want to delve into it . 
  that 's the thing though , there 's no guarantee russia will attack baltic countries . 
  they could keep the fighting squarely in finland and sweden . 
  why would russia want to attack a nato state and risk adding non eu nato members to the fight ? 
  there was a debate on how this would work awhile back . 
  to make the process easier , sweden should just join nato so we do n't have to go into the whole lisbon treaty eventually bringing in nato ordeal . 
  even that 's still murky water . 
  i know swedes do n't want to join nato because they feel the alliance is always at war but sweden has always been fighting alongside nato like in afghanistan and libya . 
  nato really makes sense for denmark in the arctic area , just because by extension of it , there 's the added effect of a `` protection blanket '' when you have allies like the us , canada , and norway in the area to assert defense of sovereignty and territory . 
  what pointless posturing . 
  can we please kick the argies from the rio treaty ? 
  you 'd think they learn we wo n't back them up if it ever came down to another war with the uk . 
  maybe they are trying to use it against us . 
  sound decision but an untimely one . 
  black people are still americans , we should n't exclude them . 
  we are a nation of immigrants including myself , first gen american .
