  that does n't influence ukrainian perception ? '', 
  so to address russian aggression against ukraine from the uk perspective ? 
  they sent trainers . 
  maybe they did more , but i only pay attention from the american perspective . 
  me neither . 
  it 's all cause-and-effect is what i 'm getting at . 
  ukraine incident -  poland and baltics call for help -  uk responds  the uk also sent trainers to ukraine . 
  that does n't influence ukrainian perception ? 
  well , man . 
  if i had an answer to respond to frozen conflicts , the dnr/lnr thing would n't still be going today . 
  but i do n't have an answer unfortunately . 
  it 's all correlated , no ? 
  why else would the brits send troops to poland and the baltics ? 
  after ukraine crisis , poland and the baltics were up in arms , asking for nato protection . 
  uk was one of the countries to respond . 
  the uk also sent trainers to ukraine . 
  i do n't know what else you 're expecting from the uk . 
  so what else does lithuania want us to do ? 
  blow russia up with nukes ? 
  edit : ** protip ** - never get into a internet argument with lithuanians , latvians , and poles . 
  your country and mine have been pretty fucked up in history . 
  eh , its obama . 
  he needs a teleprompter . 
  it 's not the only time a us president made a mistake . 
  bush made plenty of `` bushisms . '', 
  [ many puzzled by obama 's reference to ukraine as russian ` client state ' ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/ukraine-obama-state-of-union-reference-puzzles-many/27486026.html ) speculate as you will . 
  the reality on the ground does n't reflect ukraine as a russian ` client state . ', 
  far from it . 
  lithuania was one of the countries asking for nato to establish force presence in the baltics . 
  if you mean by ukraine , i do n't know what else to tell you . 
  no nation was willing to fight russia over ukraine because it was n't a nato member . 
  so what the west did was apply sanctions on russia . 
  besides , canada , us , uk , and your nation also are helping ukraine with equipment and training . 
  you do not see other western european nations doing that , do you ? 
  to be fair , the brits did send [ ships ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/feb/10/uk-to-contribute-five-extra-ships-to-baltic-as-nato-boosts-presence ) and [ troops ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/oct/08/britain-station-troops-poland-latvia-lithuania-estonia-russian-aggression ) to the baltics and poland . 
  check the map bro . 
  do n't you find it funny he explicitly draws * around * albania to exclude it . 
  haha . 
  this is hilarious lol i do n't even know what to say . 
  someone fell off the bed this morning . 
  i upvoted . 
  he 's not a world leader ... 
  take a chill pill bro . 
  obama accidentally mentioned that ukraine is a `` client state '' of russia in his state of the union address , and the ukrainians got upset . 
  you have to be confident , have some charm , and be smart . 
  nothing is handed to you . 
  no girl is going to throw herself at you and give two shits about you being 33 % scandinavian . 
  you sound like a troll . 
  to be fair , he was a bad driver who took the long routes when i was getting to my hotel from mxp and overcharged my fare . 
  but yes , the way he said it sounded very legitimate . 
  i do n't think he was playing lip service to tourists to make italy sound interesting . 
  dude , people just want the euro and germany to fall . 
  it 's like their happiness depends on it . 
  do you guys still hate germany ? 
  interesting . 
  i was n't trying to be rude mate . 
  i was just wondering if it 's like japan , because yakuza presence is seen and very apparent there despite being `` low key . '', 
  when i was in milan , the taxi driver told me when he was working down south , the mafia demanded his vehicle . 
  that was obviously a rare occurrence of course . 
  * hesitantly presses the red button *, 
  yeah , but it 's not like we are supplying the pkk directly . 
  it does n't matter . 
  western europeans do n't give a shit about moldova . 
  it 's just some eastern european country to them . 
  they hate eastern europeans , americans , and turks . 
  they look down on russians too but hey , they got gas . 
   google restricts search results worldwide according to ecj edicts the world does not revolve around europe . 
  we still have north america , asia , middle east , etc. 
  this seems like a reasonable thing for google to do to comply with ecj , but it reaks of appeasement . 
  your forefathers wanted us in nato and we agreed to join in , along with canada and other non-eu members . 
  you say you want france out , yet france rejoined the nato structure in 2009 after all those years de gaulle wanted france out . 
  do n't even get me started the shitstain france started by bombing libya and dragging nato into it in 2011 . 
  now look at libya . 
  france should not assert total diplomatic dominance over europe either . 
  it does the west no good . 
  nato does not equal us . 
  if it did , our hq would be in new york instead , not brussels . 
  yeah and make the situation worst in europe ? 
  do n't let erdogan get to your head . 
  nom nom nom nom nom, 
  ukraine was a lesson for everyone really . 
  no one really expected the crimea to be taken and mh17 to be shot down . 
  it was a heads up if anything . 
  article just updated : * nato 's standing maritime group 2 , which is under german command , will lead the operation in co-operation with greek and turkish coastguards . 
  i guess the article updated . 
  good to know . 
  no thanks . 
  i hope it is just nato europe . 
  this is a time for europe to shine . 
  maybe germany , greece , and turkey will work out something together within the nato framework . 
  to be fair , you guys have * other * problems to worry about . 
  defense is probably the last thing the government needs to worry about , but it would be nice to send german troops east to poland . 
  they need you man . 
  cool , we could always use more men for the crusades - i mean war on terror . 
  edit : / s, 
  better than fighting off forest trolls in racha , georgia . 
   and they 're still the dominant world power in many respects . 
  not for long mate . 
  china overtook us for # 1 several years ago . 
  all we have left are movies , political influence , and military .
