  currently , there are two supreme commander positions , one is called supreme allied commander europe and the other is called supreme allied commander transformation . 
  these top positions are dominated by american and french ( the top two countries in nato ) . 
  there is the less powerful role , the deputy supreme allied commander europe , which has historically been german or british . 
  and then you have the nato secretary general , which is headed exclusively by western europeans and handles the diplomacy side . 
  this is currently headed by a norwegian . 
  the us does n't represent it though . 
  we 're just the big guy in the group . 
  american * women , man . 
  they 're just something else . 
  edit : * republican, 
  the tides have changed . 
  history repeats itself . 
  military spending is not popular in germany and can be tricky with securing votes . 
  germans do n't even like their own soldiers , they spit at them ... 
  you can send a soldier from the * uk * , * spain * , or * germany * and it 'll still be a `` factor destabilising * european * security . '', 
  just saying facts . 
  you probably never been to europe anyway . 
  probably one of those `` oh all white people are the same with no culture . '', 
  imagine if they had a more flexible , larger economy . 
  their military is n't to be taken lightly either . 
  not a putin fan but color me impressed . 
  we 're not . 
  the eastern half of nato has been stepping up in recent years in light of ukraine and the western half has learned about its stockpile mistakes from 2011 libya . 
  our budget in europe does n't matter , it 's sheer presence that gives hesitation to attackers . 
  europe has many of the oldest cultures in the world , what are you smoking ? 
  he can try but congress and the cia will stop him . 
  i think they occupied so it counts . 
  they launched strikes on libya . 
  everyone got their bats and crowbars and decided to join the french after . 
  boy , was that a mistake . 
  god save the queen alright . 
  i want to punch paul ryan in his stupid face . 
  * god * save the queen . 
  so basically to prevent a future syria or iraq , the brits just have to say no and we probably wo n't go . 
  that might be for the better perhaps . 
  the french on the other hand ... ( libya ), 
  i do n't think she should 've won ( and if it was for pc bullshit , wow ) but those racist comments are unnecessary and immature . 
  * awaits for a redditor with germany flair to say `` why , yes russia . 
  did you have something in mind ? 
  you are picking the negatives over the positives on the list ( baltics , romania , cz , poland , south korea , japan , kuwait , etc. ) . 
  not everything the west touches turns into shit . 
  today is `` everyone invades poland '' day . 
  what 's up with brazil ? 
  this sub should prepare . 
  there 's going to be pro-putin supporters from russia and usa now . 
  smh . 
  who cares, 
  that 's a tiny salary , is n't it ? 
  i mean , for us normies it 's alot but for the top post of the largest military organization in the world , i 'd expect it would be a cool million at least . 
  this is why when ppl say russia has economy of italy , i just say `` sure but look at their nukes . '', 
  i think in general any large urban city , people are miserable and rude . 
  probably from weather and financial stress . 
  thanks , i 'll go to the hotel zone area . 
  i have a few layovers in monterrey and mexico city . 
  bad idea to venture around ? 
  tell that to trump, 
  he 's just trump . 
  fault yanks all you want , but americans know nothing about the outside world , let alone the baltic states . 
  i say this as a czech . 
  when they hear about european countries not making 2 % nato requirement , they immediately think of countries like france , germany , italy , etc. 
  rich european countries . 
  that 's what makes us angry . 
  coming right up !, 
  * churns fries in lard *, 
  the whole 2 % tirade is about weu countries like germany . 
  unfortunately , nato states bordering russia were lopped in together with those countries . 
  they should have used the tanks as bait and bombed them from the air once they got into isis hands . 
  you 're right , but tbh i think i would prefer a humble , down to earth , mingle-with-the-locals type of politician for president . 
  or at least , she gives off that vibe . 
  we 'd love a picture . 
  you called ? 
  like we were patriotic to begin with ... 
  these men not from active war zones like syria , afghanistan , etc. 
  need to be deported immediately , save for the skilled . 
  there are no war zones in those countries , they are merely economic migrants who are a negative dragnet on germany . 
  they will only bring more problems like the recent incident to germany . 
  hope they catch the bastard, 
  i 'm american but i put a german flag as my reddit flair . 
  germans . 
  only in germany . 
  once this happens , this is totally going to be a thing like : only in america , only in japan , etc. 
  that 's fine , but these young men will eventually turn into troublemakers if their demands are not met , are in poverty , or are unemployed/not in school/not in training . 
  i am thinking about lessening the risk . 
  merkel had the right mind and intentions in helping the refugees , but to integrate them all is unsustainable . 
  it is clear to me the solution * now * is to keep the highly skilled and families with children , while mass deporting the troublemakers and young men , with force if necessary . 
  wow , this is graphic . 
  usa is inserting his thing into egypt 's suez canal . 
  itt : westerners underestimating the putin . 
  while there are a few things we can take away from europe , i do think some of the things you mention are all stereotypes , something people say that have n't been to the us . 
  saving this when i go back again , thanks . 
  wtf , i did n't know it was this bad . 
  there were anti-trump supporters wearing masks and carrying anarchy flags in california and such . 
  it does n't help that many of the democratic supporters were waving mexican flags ( they were born in the us , wtf ) and had no common ties to mexico or the culture . 
  they also repeatedly attacked pro-trump supporters . 
  i think middle america and the moderates saw that and switched over to trump . 
  on the other side , you have a cynical candidate who says some of the most controversial shit with supporters who are prim and proper for the most part , minus the rednecks . 
  this is what the democratic party should have aimed for , had clinton been more assertive , cynical , and blunt . 
  hmm , you 're right . 
  strangely , his past reminds me of a couple guys i know ... 
  * looks at iceland *,
