  even in some countries in europe , they have student loans . 
  but they have favorable terms that we must copy . 
  as for mortgages , we can always copy the european model and get a 140 year instead of our standard 30 year mortgages . 
  we just need to tweak things , that is all . 
  same with healthcare . 
  just needs some tweaking . 
  lol, 
  the uk would be most suitable for this if you think about it . 
  no our education and healthcare system is broken . 
  we could easily transition to free model . 
  but insurance companies would go broke and government would have to step it up on education costs . 
  of course , they do n't want to pay for that . 
  obama too . 
  because he is complicit in withdrawing from iraq too early , now look at what a mess it is . 
  all to get those sweet , sweet votes . 
  he is too prideful . 
  `` we can do no wrong ! '', 
  yes , they would be better off in a hell hole . 
  we should have just left the moment we toppled the taliban , could n't find obl , and handed control to the northern alliance . 
  nation building a country in the middle east/central asia is not our specialty . 
  i thought we did n't invoke it . 
  there are `` command headquarters '' in each baltic country and troops living on bases on a rotational basis . 
  this was in response to their request for nato aid . 
  nothing permanent like the poles want , yet . 
  what is so special about babymetal ? 
  it 's the first jpop + metal band ? 
  i keep hearing about them . 
  dutch pigs die . 
  denmark gets blamed . 
  between the eu and russia , ukraine should rely on itself . 
  look to turkey and israel as examples . 
  they are doing quite fine without eu or russia . 
  wow ... 
  ukraine is not our problem here in the us admittedly , but we have sympathy for you guys . 
  it 's a really shit situation - backstabbed by russia , rejected by eu . 
  the best thing you can do is rely only on yourself . 
  black sea union - turkey , ukraine , and ... ? 
  we hate them here too . 
  what is pis 's solution to that ? 
  i tend to agree , though it will show the uk 's commitment to its allies . 
  the whole point of sending troops there is to `` reassure '' your allies after the ukraine crisis . 
  these countries have a history under the ussr , understandably . 
  on the other hand , the likelihood of russia attacking a nato country is almost slim to none . 
  it will score your country political points and the hearts and minds of the poles however , if you value that . 
  at least germany is not like china . 
  it is far worst there . 
  oh god , i feel bad for sec . 
  he had to put up with the republicans . 
  i was n't surprised either . 
  the political elite are corrupt . 
  yes , but those forces are just rotating in and out . 
  poland actually wants permanent bases with uk and us troops . 
  still , the uk has us beat on all czech , polish , and romanian fronts . 
  we ought to learn their ways . 
  the uk has us beat on both fronts . 
  explain your ways , dad . 
  man , that 's amazing . 
  very happy for him :'), 
  i agree with you making it visa free , but i am a little concerned if minimum salary is $ 250/month . 
  i would want to make sure they can afford to visit the us because we are ridiculously expensive . 
  the least we could do is send forces and maybe open a base or two in poland . 
  the visa thing is , i agree , pretty bullshit though . 
  hope you wish for clinton or cruz , because trump would rather buddy buddy with putin , even after panama leaks . 
  very nice stamps . 
   i care about ukraine and i 'm from northern europe . 
  need more people like you . 
  and the shitty thing is , some western europeans act like there is no war in europe . 
  * as long as it does n't affect them . 
  * looks at comments * ... y-yeah , i think i 'm just going to step away . 
  anglo countries tend to have a superiority complex . 
  danes are a prideful people . 
  germans are also prideful , but they tend to show it in different ways and not exactly flag waving . 
  some of them live in the west i believe . 
  i suppose you did n't get any humor or sarcasm from his posts ? 
  he is obviously exaggerating things . 
  finally , we have our first western dictator . 
  leave jackie out of this . 
  i do n't see how this relates to europe at all . 
  `` dear , god . 
  nooooooooo ! '', 
   guy driving a. . . smart in the death valley . 
  his cowboy hat on . 
  i 'm the type to do that . 
  i hope we can stop associating kurds with pkk soon . 
  when i think of kurds , i think of iraqi kurdistan . 
  lithuania may not be rich like germany , but it is still a safe and secure country . 
  he also adapted and learned the language . 
  glad everything worked out for him . 
  russian style was better . 
  there is no such thing as brexit in russia , uk ... 
  how the hell did you bypass the filter ? 
  it would n't let me post sputnik . 
  `` your submission in / r/europe was automatically removed because you linked to sputnik ... news ( dot ) com . 
  this list is under constant review , so please contact the moderators if you feel this is an error . '', 
  this was after russia annexed / r/europe . 
  i shed a tear . 
  too late , here we 've been annexed too . 
  off to gulag we go . 
  germans have always been a proud people imo , they just show it in different ways :d be deutsch . 
  makes sense .
