  it 's * kind of * like that with canada and usa when it comes to competition , hockey , etc. 
  i know a few norwegians who went crazy on facebook on a win over sweden at bocuse d'or culinary competition . 
  i guess to rub it in to the swedes lol . 
  swedes came in at bronze while norway took gold . 
  * begins slow clap for norway . 
  do european carribeans count ? 
  i 'd easily go to sint maarten or something close to usa . 
  but in mainland yurop , i 'd probably go with prague followed by amsterdam . 
  money goes a long way in the czech republic and amsterdam is just loads of fun . 
  you lived in finland !, 
  why move ? 
  you are only belittling yourself . 
  denmark has greenland , you created lego and legoland , your former pm once headed nato , and danish military pretty much fights everywhere . 
  but i have no clue on what the thule airbase deal you 're talking about . 
  you are correct , but because we do n't have free healthcare and we let our citizens take up arms , we are third world in that regard . 
  we 're actually considered a third world country by western standards . 
  in comparison , canada is first world . 
  what 's considered normal to you ? 
  i noticed the american fast food chains in europe taste better than what we have in the us . 
  a far cry right ? 
  absolutely . 
   burgernomics was never intended as a precise gauge of currency misalignment , merely a tool to make exchange-rate theory more digestible . 
  brings a whole * new meaning * to burgernomics . 
  i should have said garbage . 
  in addition to that , they do things a little differently too , like i have never heard of the [ mcbox ] ( https://www.mcdonalds.cz/cs/novinky/mcbox.shtml ) in the us . 
  in amsterdam , they have 1955 burger which i never heard of . 
  in japan , they serve black hamburgers which of course we do n't have . 
  did i mention black pizza ? 
  i have come to believe we have been left out despite the origin of these fast food and coffee chains . 
  i ca n't believe you guys are even discussing about this food . 
  it 's mcdonalds ffs . 
  * mcdonalds . 
  * edit : bring on the downvotes you pitiful ronald mcdonald lovers . 
  to be fair , i only see brits say that negative stuff about the uk . 
  it is as if the sky is falling to some of them . 
  same mentality seems to have reached us here as well ... 
  bylat ... 
  i hear so many good things about this show but yet i do n't feel like binge watching it . 
  one day , i guess ... 
  not bilingual ? 
  you 're hired !, 
  speak no words at all ? 
  you 're hired too !, 
  dude , you would be a prime candidate for the cia , i shit you not . 
  last time i checked , the cia was in desperate need of bilingual speakers , especially russian and chinese . 
  american , check . 
  speaks bilingually , check . 
  trilingual , double check . 
  bachelor 's degree , ?? 
  * facepalm *, 
  as long as turkey does n't involve us , because they are in nato . 
  what side are you from ? 
  why the divide ? 
  europe is for europeans , no matter where you 're from - west , east , north , or south . 
  i am hearing two different sides . 
  so does this carry any momentum or not ? 
  and is it expanding when a country wants in ? 
  the way i see it - the goal is to unite a majority of europe under one banner with incentives , but this might seem like a slap to the face to the ukrainians . 
  if i was ukraine and i foresaw russia taking crimea , eu being reluctant to take me in as a member , then i would not have bothered with maidan and flying eu flags . 
  the lack of european unity is truly disgusting . 
  your mistake was paying attention to us politics , 
  let 's hope it does n't end up in direct battle . 
  nato ca n't go toe-to-toe with the sco ( russia and china ) . 
  how cocky are you, 
  one guy and then you call danes irrelevant ? 
  trust me , you do n't want an idiot like that . 
  funny you say as i thought there was a greece-russian alliance as well . 
  maybe i 'm wrong here but is n't moscow the city with the largest amount of muslims in europe as well ? 
   german tornado fighter-bombers carrying new b-61-12 atomic bombs `` mommm , the germans are at it again . '', 
  i fucking love germany !, 
  well , that was our administrations fuck up there so we take the blame for that factor . 
  to prevent isis , we should have stayed a bit longer though i 'm not sure if that would have prevented the arab spring . 
  hell , i 'm against the quota and i do n't even live there . 
  just a concerned citizen from across the pond . 
  i just think the eu is n't at the point where it is federalized and can decide quotas to each of its states yet . 
  the countries within the eu are very independent . 
  plus , i do not agree that they should just be able to travel and go to germany to get asylum like that . 
  it needs to be a much difficult process . 
  like waiting at the camps for your turn . 
  my russian friends are like that too , `` decadent west '' and all that . 
  to be fair , russians are a very prideful people . 
  you forgot invasion from greenland . 
   for example the americans still had `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' in 2011 . 
  to be fair , i consider us third world by western standards . 
  especially on topics like this . 
  and religion . 
  i would say a country like the uk or germany sets the standard . 
  perhaps your country romania too . 
  grats !, 
  this was like a paper . 
  my favorite frenchman of all time , 
  ok , that was just mere coincidence but funny you caught that . 
   went to school and debt i do n't know whether to be happy or sad . 
  you 'd get my vote . 
  i agree with everything you said and it 's a very sound , logical plan . 
  if only the eu can take a look at what their citizens propose . 
  not sarcasm . 
  i think i replied to a wrong comment . 
  i meant to say you 're well-informed about our politics/politicians . 
  i take it eu membership is the last thing turkey wants ?
