  gaia is scary sometimes . 
  i ca n't speak for europeans but here in the usa , we have to co-exist because that was the idea of our country . 
  now , islam has its fair share of idiots but so do we ( the anti-islam folks ) . 
  idiots everywhere i tell ya . 
  imo the way it is now is fine . 
  we 're not trying to militarize the whole region , mr. 
  i love the greenback usd despite its lack of colors ( cad is even better ) but the euro just does n't feel like real money . 
  it feels like monopoly play money . 
  however , their coins are definitely top notch . 
  nato confirmed secret polish empire . 
  * quietly hums star spangled banner *, 
   the uk would go with the us to hell and back without much question , the rest of europe is much more skeptical about war . 
  and canada . 
  the kiwis . 
  it 's an anglo thing to fight and have each others backs , heh, 
  eh , i would advocate removing bases but remaining in nato ( we ca n't disband unless everyone agrees to anyway ) . 
  in doing so , the eu would be more likely to build up a dedicated eu army if they so choose . 
  it 's due to nsa scandal and such . 
  we messed up our relations with germany because of it and nato is largely connected to usa . 
  nato before was much popular with germans and offered defense to germany during the cold war . 
  it can also be a generational thing , as more germans are pacifist and liberal , prefer peace than military force , etc. 
  it 's slowly happening here too . 
  perhaps the downfall of nato will come from within , as members leave due to population not supporting it anymore . 
  sealand or liberland . 
  it 's * beyond * freedom . 
  meh , rather book an easyjet flight . 
  cheaper and faster . 
  you 'll see more of a place that way instead of spending time on a train . 
  ha perhaps !, 
  a brit , american , french , and german in a single room are bound to have some glorious discussion ( and banter ) . 
  i ca n't be the only one wondering right ? 
  what 's it like to work for nato hq ? 
  do they have [ slides ] ( http://www.electronicproducts.com/uploadedimages/computer_peripheral/systems/9.png ) and [ playrooms ] ( http://f.fastcompany.net/multisite_files/fastcompany/slideshow/2014/04/3028909-slide-s-google-offices-5.jpg ) and such ? 
  holy shit denmark . 
  does the eu have any clause about accepting a member state with territorial issues ? 
  like how nato does n't accept members with disputes ? 
  what street is this ? 
  i 'm sure the eu is pissed ... . not . 
  he 's a cool guy . 
  good pick . 
  do n't know about the others . 
  hah , that 's strange . 
  he initially declined being prime minster i believe due to the possibility of losing his georgian citizenship but then decided to lose it anyway for a governor position ... 
  i imagine this can benefit europeans with job opportunities too . 
  we simply ca n't ask for a better brotherly nation like canada . 
  they have a smaller military than france and the uk to boot , but participate in more foreign ops . 
   swiss made watches dude , always in a timely manner :p i see what you did there :p, 
  credits to the swiss for making the timely arrest . 
  just pay your taxes , that 's more than enough thanks ... is what i say . 
  their numerous dashcam videos on yt , the language , the girls , and their national pride . 
  maybe canada would foot the bill to convert the ship from russian specs . 
  i read once they wanted a mistral . 
  honestly , i 'm quite surprised the russians backed out . 
   you are literally giving your country away so your children will grow up in a melting pot of ethnic and cultural strife . 
  boy , i take it you must hate living in usa then . 
  i see this as a free air show ( if you can see it of course ) . 
  also , interesting to see the swiss participating . 
  i do n't know where we stand with you guys on this , but an alternative option would be to support the arab nations like egypt who are already bombing islamic state in libya . 
  it would be easier to manage nordic and baltic region defenses if they join nato . 
  russia sees them as western enemies too . 
  might as well . 
  i like their afghanistan series too . 
  great documentary . 
  same thing with how we got americans supporting/fighting with ukrainians against american ( s ) fighting with russians . 
  different ideologies and reasons is all . 
  well , we could certainly learn from the dutch . 
  over here , we have gentrification going on , so where whitie or asian goes , rents and property prices start to sky rocket , and blacks and hispanics move out . 
  i like the guy fawkes drawings . 
  great series man . 
  i want to be greek . 
  no , but if i was eastern european and my country bordered russia , i would say yes . 
  we 're more focused on prc and islamic state nowadays , at least in the media . 
  good . 
  for once , another western nation takes the lead in new tank development . 
  we wo n't replace our m1 's until 2050 while i just read an article how the us is lagging behind russia 's armata line . 
  well done !, 
  in greece , a #firstworldproblem . 
  i do n't think this would count but ... remove the channel between france and the uk . 
   putin invasion . 
  i just pictured thousands of putin 's invading the baltics on horseback with his shirt off . 
  let 's hope so . 
  they have insane numbers . 
  the west looks pitiful in comparison . 
   like a mountain of old f-16 's somewhere . 
  we stash old abrams and other vehicles in the caves of norway . 
  it 's great that we help each other out , 
  can you shop at bases or get discounts to goods there ? 
  churchill had the idea of * operation unthinkable * at one point . 
  western allies were to side with germans ( even nazi affiliation ) against soviets . 
  lmao . 
  surprisingly , this is what my grandpa told me as well but it was more along the lines of `` europeans put in money and people and invested in america so now they owe us back . '', 
   the americans did n't come for us ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ d :, 
  i have comcast and pay 30 usd for 50 up and 8 down , no data cap . 
  i guess it depends on the region since most american redditors seem to have a love-hate relationship with comcast , which surprised me when i joined reddit . 
  30 usd for 50 up and 8 down over here . 
  and yes , it is with every american redditors ' most hated company - comcast . 
   shell for example ( owned by holland and the uk ) would be a prime example of that . 
  they 'll lobby for wars -- have american people fight and pay for these wars ( and their children killed ) , and walk away with the profits . 
  i used to work for shell . 
  when you said this , i kind of laughed .
