history in the making . 
  grave consequences . . ? 
  what , are they going to send little green men to shoot down an airliner over alaska as well ? 
  tl ; dr - seems to be confusion on who possesses the black-box data recorders . 
  - rebels argued among themselves whether to agree to a brief cease-fire to allow bodies of victims to be taken to morgues and about a `` fuller international presence at the scene . '' - monitors were given access to the site for 75 minutes . 
  rebels fired into the air . 
  the reason is unclear . 
   `` we 're highly interested in an unbiased and full investigation and are prepared to give unrestricted access to the spot of the crash for experts of the cis interstate aviation committee , '' said separatist leader alexander borodai , according to the russian news agency itar-tass . 
  borodai was referring to the commonwealth of independent states , a group of former soviet republics . 
  access for the committee would give russian investigators on the scene a major role . 
  - rebel leader , denis pushilin , resigned from leadership in moscow . 
  - ukrainian government reports an alleged video of a buk surface-to-air missile system en route from rebel-held territory to the russian border friday . 
  video shows one of its missiles missing . 
  video was not independently verified . 
  you should try a vacation to europe and see how you like it before committing . 
  i support military support but it can not be from the dutch or uk . 
  a un peacekeeping force from a neutral or non-aligned country would be best . 
  any eu/nato troops on russia 's border could potentially worsen things . 
  this is a game of chess and it has to be strategized . 
  my prayers went to the 7 dead in the septic tank accident in your country . 
  you mean to tell me i should n't feel sorry or emotion for them ? 
  this is human lives here , this is n't about fishing for upvotes and karma . 
  someone is salty . 
  you both are idiots . 
  those flights are tragic losses of life nonetheless , no matter what side you 're coming from . 
  these viewers ... what are their age ? 
  i 'm sure younger russians do n't buy into this . 
  i can see more of potential armed aggression via drones and labeling the dpr as terrorist organization ( former unlikely ) . 
  but article 5 and 6 will not be invoked , no worries mate . 
  sly and cunning . 
  god rest his soul . 
  my prayers to the victims and their families . 
  they also come with militia and little green men from ` nowhere . ', 
  great bargain !, 
  yeah , i was like what `` country . '', 
  the dpr is nothing but a terrorist organization screwing up the ukrainian regional parts under their control . 
  the world does n't recognize it . 
  it is recognized by south ossetia , however , another non-country . 
  great `` country '' they are . 
  exactly . 
  europe as a whole can inflict serious damage on russia economically , heck even militarily if war ever erupted . 
  the whole europe-must-kiss-ass-to-russia-due-to-gas-and-economical-ties is complete and utter bullshit . 
  it reeks of inferiority complex and europe is much stronger than that . 
  any us response though has to go hand in hand with a united european response . 
  alot more europeans died here , it is n't just americans . 
  i think this disaster made the world pay attention to the ukraine crisis more and how it unfolded . 
  the response though ... probably sanctions , labeling the dpr as terrorist group , maybe drones ? 
  who knows , but the situation is definitely tense . 
  since this happened in europe 's backyard , a strong european response is needed . 
  there are 196 countries in the world and [ 123 countries ] ( http://www.un.org/en/peacekeeping/contributors/2014/jun14_1.pdf ) that contribute to un peacekeeping operations . 
  indonesian or malaysian troops could contribute to peacekeeping operations , no ? 
  the un is funded by all [ member states ] ( http://www.un.org/en/peacekeeping/operations/financing.shtml ) . 
  neither . 
  the only suitable military for the current ukraine crisis and recent malaysia airlines downing is a non-aligned un peacekeeping force . 
  this can only get complicated now . 
  will the terrorists allow the us and europe to investigate the crash ? 
  will russia cooperate or share information ? 
  will there be a military peacekeeping force to guard the crash site like the un ? 
  i would n't even call them rebels or separatists , damn terrorists are what they are . 
  i think muhammed is onto something though . 
  i read [ somewhere ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/opinion/article/mistral-ship-sale-to-russia-will-shipwreck-eu/501845.html ) russia would have taken only 40 minutes to defeat georgia as opposed to 26 hours had they had these ships during the russo-georgian war . 
  best choice ? 
  do n't pick sides . 
  it 's easy . 
  pull out of nato and make separate security agreements with each country like uk , france , poland , etc. 
  the russians were already in crimea . 
  when nato countries like poland and the countries in the baltics , who have a very long history with russia , start hitting the `` alert '' button , it is best to pay attention . 
  preventive action is better than letting shit happen in the first place . 
  friends would be nice . 
  should 've happened after wwii . 
  the nsa spying ordeal is definitely in the wrong , but hopefully this means the german people protest for us troops pull out . 
  there is no danger in europe at this time so this could free up resources and troops and relocate them to asia and arctic . 
  the only war i see with china is if they decide to invade taiwan , japan , or south korea - mainly taiwan . 
  and even then , it will be more of a defensive naval battle than full scale war . 
  do you ever wish the usa and russian gov ` ts could be allies ? 
  beats working for the russian or 50 cent army in china, 
  russia wo n't self-implode , i highly doubt that . 
  i think the problem is that russia views itself as a `` great power , '' while europe wants russia in its sphere of influence . 
  except germany . 
  they 're represented by a homo sapien skull . 
  nah , plenty of other things from politics to reform to economy and other stuff . 
  most of the comments about america falling is due to the perception of a `` dying breed '' of white americans who feel threatened by minorities . 
  they 're also the majority and speak the loudest so go figure . 
  no matter what race you are , if you 're born in the us , you 're american . 
  but to some people , american means being pure white , hence we have white supremacy groups who want to save the white `` minority . '', 
  - america is burning like rome did !, 
  our great nation is kaput !, 
  - i hate obummer !, 
  he 's bringing the white race down !, 
  - we are the last nation to preach freedom . 
  we must save it !!!, 
  - why are there pot holes everywhere ? 
  is it because of illegals ? 
  - when are they going to fix this road ? 
  i paid my taxes !, 
  - did you get the new iphone 28 yet ? 
  - hey check out my new ride ( every 2-3 years ) . 
  - wall street is a piece of shit . 
  - hang all the greedy bankers and politicians !, 
  - after retirement , i 'm moving out of america .
