  add in a sprinkle of american troops here and there and they will stop complaining about our countries not contributing to their defense . 
  it is funny how nato members have to beg for bases when ussr just placed them at will . 
  it 's like watching school children argue . 
  lol our priorities are skewed . 
  hungary has no threat to it . 
  i do n't think we would have minded it and in fact , the polish foreign minister even advocated having russia join when relations were really , really good . 
  but nope , putin happened . 
  then georgia . 
  then ukraine . 
  eastern europe now would be less privy to russia joining nato , than say , germany . 
  and obviously , over here in north america , we do not think russia joining is a good idea based on previous events . 
  you really have to get solid approval from all member states . 
  but it is trendy and hipster to defend putin !, 
  nah , interests just happened to be similar and align . 
  why did the frenchman choose to remain anonymous ? 
  i hope it 's not for fear , he should be proud of what he did to help out . 
  also , i am pleasantly surprised the shot franco-american passenger will also receive the honor . 
  one of the few times you can get shot and get awarded without being in the military lol, 
  which is sad because we gladly hand out money to other countries than to our own citizens . 
  still , i 'm sure those europeans knew what they were getting themselves into . 
  some made it well and some failed . 
  `` we came here first . 
  did you come here to take muh job ?? '', 
  lol, 
  they already have , they became americans . 
  some made success , others failed . 
  yup and i 've mentioned it before on this sub . 
  if i were rich or wanted to open a small business or corporation , i 'd want to be in the u.s. , ideally in a no-income tax state . 
  if i were poor , i 'd much prefer to be in europe where there 's a better welfare system . 
  you 're right on the money . 
  you 're right , the suicide and homelessness rates are a result of an inefficient system . 
  but when we compare care of vets in other countries , our vets have it pretty good . 
  many countries do n't pay their vets $ 6000 a month in pension or pay disability for life . 
  not too mention the bonuses of being a vet , like free airport lounging , usaa , discounts , respect ( in germany , you get spat on ) , va loans , and such . 
  not unless we find you first . 
  seen it before but watching it again is so goddamn beautiful . 
   my tribe welcomed immigrants with open arms and now we are all alcoholic casino owners i 'm sure we 're missing some history in-between . 
  damn ... 
  does n't matter who or where they are from . 
  they just happened to be there at the right time , right moment . 
  thank god . 
  ussr and russia were always locked in competition throughout history , whether it was sports , military might , space , proxy wars , etc. 
  ca n't really say that 's a crime . 
  both countries did shit tons of bad . 
  anyway , most americans today do n't really hold any animosity to russia . 
  i mean , the captured spy ring some years ago got got more media coverage on the girl than on relations with russia !, 
  and that 's the thing i hate . 
  we are very vocal . 
  we do n't stay quiet and humble . 
  3 men , 2 americans , 1 brit . 
  also a french actor helped out . 
  thanks for your kind words , but we are not poor per say . 
  we just have this messed up system in regards to healthcare . 
  plus , the veteran healthcare is well funded and free . 
  we do take good care of our soldiers . 
  in fact , there are people who take advantage of the military , join , and fake an injury so they get money for life ... again , it 's a messed up system . 
  you 're better off spending money on the countries facing financial difficulty like greece and sending some european politicians here so we can begin reform . 
  very colorful . 
  think you have the coolest workplace in the thread so far . 
  i know , i was just trying to make a joke out of it . 
  ` tis a silly country with no legal basis . 
  i know i was just trying to make a joke of it , especially of course when a czech founded it ( am czech ) . 
  did he just realize products come from all over the world ? 
  i love danish ... cookies !, 
  there are no russian in ukraine . 
  probably can add liberland to that list . 
  i have no idea why we even need it . 
  it 's called the rio treaty . 
  putin : `` nato at it again , spreading their territory near our borders !, 
  i do n't think we 'll be attacked anytime soon , besides small attacks like charlie hebdo-copycats . 
  plus , we already saw that europeans would come to bat with us if we were attacked and thousands have died . 
  though the numbers of nato european troops sent to afghanistan were small but it was a nice gesture nonetheless . 
  the shift from the middle east to back home on nato territory is a good move . 
  we need to focus on our threats at home , like russia antagonizing eastern europe and nato arctic interests . 
  and other things like handling the migrant crisis and the sporadic terrorist attacks that have been happening in north america and europe . 
  i did n't agree with libya , the aftermath is horrendous . 
  i believe in war , an american handles the wartime strategizing but everything else , from peacetime to diplomacy to leadership , is led by europeans . 
  so you are saying the french dragged us all into it ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken , was n't libya a former french colony ? 
  on the bright side , france 's libya was mild in comparison to the biggest screw up of modern times - america 's iraq . 
  at least germans do your best to stay out of war , clueless or not . 
  wow , i really do n't blame them for going for greener pastures . 
  that 's pennies for the schooling they have to go through . 
   i 'd genocide western ukraine you serbs used to be total bros with ukrainians !, 
  lol that 's sadly what my grandpa told me . 
  it was something along the lines of americans being the arm and shield for europe because europeans created americans . 
  gramps , why . 
  honestly , i wished libya would have strictly been a nato europe operation , or a sole eu operation . 
  let the americans and canadians kick back for once and watch europe strut its stuff . 
  but nope ... 
  if nato europe ( which is stronger than eu ) can not handle libya , then the eu surely ca n't . 
  yet another case of us wanting british support before going in , but london declined . 
  send in the kiwi 's !, 
  what 's worst - we are allied with argentina through rio . 
  so imagine being in two military alliances and having two of your allies fighting each other . 
  without that nato clause about no coverage below the tropic of cancer , i imagine things would have been weird for the united states . 
  we would have sided with uk obviously but the circumstances would be odd with argentina ... 
  germany is an outlier . 
  we really need to move them to somewhere they can be useful . 
  eastern nato members : give us bases !,
