  the us has the same problem with the italians , germans and french . 
  they do not want us troops in germany and italy and are increasingly catering to the russian side . 
  even when us offered to buy mistral ships from france instead of selling to russia , france refused . 
  they too do n't care about us , or poland for that matter . 
  now these comments from sikorski are the biggest slap to the face of allies since i can remember . 
  and ` rossiya ' is laughing . 
  more american reactions . 
  some funny :  us foreign policy in 1901 ... speak softly and carry a big stick . 
   us foreign policy in 2014 ... talk tough and carry a limp richard . 
   poland just called us out on it , sad to say . 
  sikorksi is a # $ % $ idiot and his views/opinions of usa are not shared by the majority of poles . 
  i am a pole and spent 12 years living and working in usa ( legally ) . 
  i love usa , the american people , and the american drive to success . 
  ignorant people are everywhere , including poland , so please do n't judge poland based on one idiot 's remarks . 
  he is a politician , and politicians are not the brightest people . 
   i wish usa vs russia war can be fought and won via boxing . 
  putin or obama anyone ? 
  none of this would 've happened if we had just let russia join nato . 
   mr. sikorski , most of america support your comments . 
  as long as we continue to have obama the clown and his comrades , nobody will be able to trust the united states . 
  obama is the worst president in us history . 
   europe itself is precisely a `` european problem '' first and foremost ... and has been since the beginning of time . 
  half-a-billion people , 48 countries , a plethora of languages , and now having slid into insane dependency on russian gas !, 
  and trade dependency !, 
  the us is n't worth as much to anyone these days my polish friend , but hang in there , couple of more years and we can start rebuilding . 
  russia has run over poland too many times to be trusted . 
  there 's no denying it - we got some nutjobs . 
  american reactions from several media , mostly mixed :  do n't let the screen door hit you in the # $ % $ if you enjoyed the situation in poland from 1939 to 1989 feel free to swing back to the russians . 
  they know how to take good care of you . 
  : - ) `` oh no , people talking bad about the u.s. behind our back '' -- so what else is new ? 
  frankly that guy is right -- not just for poland , but all countries in general . 
  they should be handling their own security , intelligence , and defense without u.s. financial assistance . 
  every country has to learn to look out for it 's own turf . 
  the u.s. as it is has too many obligations , financial , and otherwise to be able to lend a hand to every country , and as this guy alluded to , it really does nothing for the host country because it gives them a false sense of security ( which they have done nothing to develop ) . 
   the irony is that before the collapse of the soviet block , poles were the staunchest supporters of anything american . 
  of all the former soviet block countries , poland was the most `` westerly '' oriented and the population never embraced the communist system . 
  they did not expect miracles or handouts from the us - merely the freedom to work and develop their country . 
   the poles still have some distance distance to go but some economist already consider poland 's changes nearly miraculous - the only country that experienced handsome economic growth ( when the american and european economy was burning . 
  heck , there are even americans seeking jobs in poland , not to mention the irish , british , italians etc. 
  true , over a million poles left to look for their luck elsewhere , but nearly a million came back from the around the world . 
   right now , that poles have seen through a lot of bull *** the us is not as popular . 
  this is not to say poles do n't like the american people . 
  this sentiment is still rather strong . 
  but poles no longer have an illusion about the alleged `` goodness '' of the white house . 
  i agree with that comment fully . 
  it was the united states , president roosevelt , especially , together with united kingdom ( churchill ) together `` sold '' poland down the river at yalta to the soviet dominated communist slavery . 
  however , it should be brought to the readers ' attention that sikorski is married to anne applebaum who is one of the directors and the council on foreign relations . 
  cfr is an american think-tank institution that wants to bring a one-government united new world order . 
  almost every presidential administration since fdr to the present has over 200 advisers from the cfr , trilateral commission , atlantic council and the bilderberg group . 
  i am positive that sikorski wants those kinds of `` ties '' to support . 
  especially if he is to replace ashton as the eu 's foreign policy chief . 
   the polish minister is right . 
  we have become a country of bluff and bluster , followed by indifference . 
  we spend more time coddling our adversaries than we do strengthening ties to our friends . 
  obama bows to mideast enemies while snubbing the israelis . 
  he cuts our defenses while chastising the euros for not doing enough to defend themselves ( which is true , but meaningless when he is cutting our defense while saying it ) . 
   we have a buffoon in the white house and another buffoon running the senate . 
  sikorski is right . 
  the failure of us and uk to fulfill their obligations to ukraine under the budapest memorandum does more damage to america and its allies than all the things putin has done so far . 
  it destroys the deterrence a treaty brings and encourages adventurism from others around the globe . 
  by failing this test obama makes it way harder to resolve conflicts around the world without going to war . 
   poland lately is actually doing something that the rest of nato should do . 
  and that is invest what it can into its military and readiness . 
  poland has a long history of being surrounded by countries that would want to see it either destroyed of under their thumb . 
  they know better than anyone that a country can only truly depend on their own strength . 
  though having outside help is n't a bad thing either . 
  the poles must be racists ; he is only saying that because a black man is the prezididdle . 
   i guess time heals all wounds as this generation of pols cant recall the wonderful way of life under the germans or the russians . 
  as far as europe goes the only nation worth a # @ & $ is great britain and the rest can enjoy life under the new soviet union that stalin jr. is putting together . 
  as far as ukraine is concerned , they are not a member of nato thus we have no business going into that country with heavy troops and advanced weapons that would put the little blond # $ % $ in his place but he knows that and is trying to flex his muscles for the poor folks back home . 
  i dare the boy to test us by entering a nato country with his obsolete toys and find out where the bear ! % # & in the woods . 
  do n't get me wrong , i said `` alot '' not `` all . '', 
  many americans support sending troops to europe , especially those countries who committed to iraq and afghanistan who fought alongside the us . 
  americans are really cautious and skeptical about russia as well , so that 's another thing . 
  as time goes on , america will become more liberal and anti-war . 
  the news media is liberal and rt is becoming more and more dominant here . 
  but so long as the cia and us government operates , the us will always remain in europe until the europeans kick the us out themselves . 
  look no further than italy and germany ; the people are catering to russia and want us troops out . 
  the same will happen in poland if there was ever a us base there , like another poster suggested . 
  so what can be done to stop this war ? 
  it seems like the ukrainian president gave a peace plan to the separatists but they refuse it . 
  even russia backs the peace plan . 
  so what then ? 
  does ukraine need american lethal aid to quell the unrest or is that pouring fuel into a fire ? 
  in short , i ca n't see how the civil war will end . 
  it also does n't make sense to me why the russians would back pro-russian separatists to attack the ukrainians , where the whole population also speaks russian , not just in the east . 
  he did it at cost - by annexing crimea and trading ukraine for it . 
  whether or not adding crimea to russia is a benefit or detriment remains to be seen . 
  the last time i saw putin in us media was an article of him without a shirt on horseback . 
  something about promoting his image to the americans . 
  alot of americans already do , it 's the government that does n't think that way . 
  if the people were given a vote , they would pull out all troops from europe and asia and back into the motherland . 
   it was pretty much just poland should n't rely on the u.s to protect them from germany or russia . 
  wait , what ? 
  why would germany invade poland ? 
  they 're both united under nato . 
  alot of countries just see the us as the world 's policeman . 
  the us needs to worry about herself more , pull out of europe ( and nato command ) while she still can , and relocate forces to the arctic to help the canadians square off with russia . 
  the eu is very capable militarily by itself and can beat putin 's red army should they ever invade europe . 
  maybe it 's a mentality to see who 's the best scandinavian country so you try to beat them at everything possible .
