  exxon , walmart i choose you !, 
  do n't make us spread even more mcdonalds , starbucks , and other american brands to the nederlands !, 
  * yawn * too much news about the us sending troops and armor . 
  we get it already . 
  freedom incoming :p, 
  also , the germans , turks , and italians sent their ships to the black sea for training recently . 
  it 's really nice to see everyone pitching in together . 
  there are us , british , spanish , dutch ( they brought tanks ) , lithuanian , latvian , estonian , romanian , and polish troops doing training together . 
  everyone has brought something to the table . 
  nice . 
  good for kosovo . 
  spanish villa by the beach and bulls ... lots and lots of bulls ... 
  he 's not your lad , dude . 
  let 's see ... luxembourg , slovenia , slovakia , czech republic , chile ... maybe we can count norway and iceland . 
  uk , australia , and , new zealand also have same colors ... omg ... so does north korea . 
  i would like to remind people that it 's not just us troops but troops from other nations like the uk and netherlands are also in eastern europe as a part of nato . 
  they receive so little credit imo . 
  do n't disagree with you here but romanian troops can be stationed in the us if ya want . 
  germans for example have several permanent training facilities here . 
  ugh , of the `` cultural things '' we export , i hate that twerking is one of them . 
  it 's so off putting ... and trashy . 
  they need new worldview then , you know , 2015 ... modern times and all . 
  hey . 
  this is something we usually do , romania !, 
  eu has a bigger economy and population than us . 
  even better military than russia . 
  interesting way to look at things i suppose . 
  i agree . 
  well ... all i can say is that we have to follow german lead on this since it 's a european issue . 
  sucks for ukraine though ... 
  ah i see , that 's pretty unique . 
  well happy to have you !, 
  russia ( reminds me of * alien * ) looks like he ate a fish and spat out the fishbone ( norway ) . 
  are you an expat in the us ? 
   the us bypassing us for a franco-german axis -- and scotland threatening to abandon a non-european uk . 
  edit : oh come on we would n't just bypass the uk like that . 
  makes you want to face palm right ? 
  they may not be , but at least they are trying ? 
  for an alliance called nato ? 
  germany 's military does n't have the resources like we do , you know . 
  definitely signs of english influence there . 
  and when you head west , you start seeing spanish !, 
  and that 's another reason why turkey and greece will never leave nato ( and both are smart to decide to stay ) . 
  well germans are also leading the rapid response force . 
  why ? 
  because yurop of course . 
  jokes aside , i visit every once in awhile , favorite city being a tie between london and prague . 
  the culture and news in europe is very interesting . 
  it 's also not just americans , but you have people from canada and japan on this sub , for instance . 
  i agree , i reckon there 's not much going on with greenland for you guys either . 
  down south for us , we have mexico and the carribeans but meh , it 's got nothing on europe . 
  what a revelation ... 
  i think you may have been a rare case though . 
  could you break your aid down ? 
  iirc , there was only the cal grant , pell grant , university grants , and fseog . 
  i went to a university in california for a year but do n't recall any extra pocket money but that may have been because i stayed in a dormitory which the aid paid for . 
  i have my bs and no debt , but that was only thanks to grants and scholarships . 
  for the people who are n't low income , ca n't qualify for aid , or do n't win any scholarships , they usually take out loans . 
  and there 's lots of them . 
  haha `` nato '' and '' [ empire ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bzwsjg93p8 ) '', 
   general bruno kasdorf told reuters a polish battalion would also come under german control , as part of efforts by the two nato members to boost familiarity with each other 's militaries and allow greater cross-border co-operation in future . 
  russia is not germany though . 
  if a brain drain happens there , it will become nothing more than a nation of followers of putin . 
  that 's not too mention the brain drain that 's already occurred since the fall of the ussr . 
  it 's not in europe 's interest to do that in my opinion . 
  what needs to happen is russian intellects get western education and go back to their country to turn it around for the better . 
  a democratic russia that works with the eu and us as equal partners is beneficial to all . 
  that 's true too . 
  there 's aid like federal and state grants but sometimes school may be too expensive for those grants to cover all . 
  then that requires scholarships and such ... we do have other aid like food stamps , unemployment , housing , and disability . 
  but in europe , according to a friend , governments have that plus also grant subsidies for all sorts of things like child allowances and utilities . 
  we only have discounts over here . 
  the job market and earning potential is a bit better here though . 
  damn , the feels . 
  that would be pretty convenient . 
  europe has a much better social safety net than we do here in the states . 
  if i were poor , i would rather live in europe tbh . 
  i would also take advantage of free school then apply for master program in the us . 
  a lesson learned i 'd say . 
  you are correct , a strong europe would be beneficial for both . 
  libya was a good example of europe taking the initiative and the us backing it up . 
  well it is true europe has it 's own military deficiencies but they are committing their men to fight with us like how we would commit to fight with them . 
  at least i hope so . 
  plus we have canada and they are in nato . 
  they fought with us against the japanese in alaska . 
  is it ? 
  i would think germany with strong military is within us interests . 
  germany because beer and leader of eu . 
  they should just combine into one super state , jk . 
  it 's hard to say , they 're all great . 
  though since i have n't visited yet and my only good impression has been from meeting lithuanians in the us and seeing their players in the nba , i will go with lithuania . 
  mcdonalds mafia confirmed . 
  i always knew never to trust ronald mcdonald , that devious clown . 
  blame germany for not keeping up their defense expenditure , blame alaska for not defending the mainland , and proceed to curse profusely in russian ( cyka bylat ) while doing the slav squat so i do not get attention . 
  after coast is clear , head south for mexico , change my identity , and learn spanish . 
  the end . 
  ... did someone say oppressed russian oligarch in london ... ? 
   `` i can see russia from my house '' \u266b i can see clearly now the rain is gone . 
  i can see all obstacles in my way . \u266b, 
  for a second i just imagined bundeswehr soldiers riding broomsticks like in harry potter .
