  is n't madrid boring as fuck compared to barcelona ? 
  if i had an expat salary package , i 'd taken barcelona over madrid any day . 
  careful , you may have provoked some people living there :d, 
  but a 9 year old girl does n't throw out vulgarities , does she ? 
  a 9 year old girl i imagine would be much , much more innocent . 
   i take that back . 
  you are an 18 year old girl . 
  jaded by adulthood , upset to see the reality of the world , and how the world actually works . 
   p.s. 
  nothing wrong with those hipsters . 
  do n't judge a book by its cover , they are people too . 
  what the fuck is wrong with hipsters ? 
  how is that superficial ? 
  that is their lifestyle . 
  you are incredibly narrow minded . 
  i 'm more proper than you and can hold a conversation about anything , that 's for sure . 
  i have n't once called you names but you have called me all sorts of stupid shit . 
  you are quite immature , it 's cute  . 
  if i am a 15 year old boy , you are a 9 year old girl . 
  people are superficial in the big cities because you are constantly `` upgrading '' to a better partner . 
  that could be a good and bad thing . 
  bad because relationships take time but they wo n't last in a big city . 
  good because you will always keep finding new men/women who are perceived better than the last . 
  for people who like casual sex , having multiple partners in sweeping succession can be a good thing for them . 
  you miss out on big city events and entertainment . 
  dating is probably better in a big city than a small town . 
  but then you have astronomical costs of living , living in a big city . 
  you get what you pay for . 
  you miss out on big city events and entertainment . 
  dating is probably better in a big city than a small town . 
  but then you have astronomical costs of living , living in a big city . 
  you get what you pay for . 
  what france and germany saw in the us elections with the heavy russian influence and propaganda , should be a wake up call . 
  if the west is not careful , we 'll be divided by nationalist lines which is exactly what putin wants . 
  it 's really up to you guys now with the forthcoming elections . 
  which is so strange to me , because often it is said france prefers good relations with russia . 
  maybe there is friction with russia over syria ? 
  donald trump tricked everyone . 
  he 's just a talker , a businessman who 'll say what you want to hear as long as he gets what he wants - president-elect . 
   apartment ( 1 bedroom ) in city centre 516.67 $ 750.76 $ +45.31 %  apartment ( 1 bedroom ) outside of centre 358.33 $ 563.97 $ +57.39 %  apartment ( 3 bedrooms ) in city centre 700.00 $ 1,393.65 $ +99.09 %  apartment ( 3 bedrooms ) outside of centre 491.67 $ 961.54 $ +95.57 % wow , huge difference . 
  is madrid and barcelona that expensive ? 
  are activities and food pricey ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the french deployment was pre-planned and already decided as part of nato contribution . 
  some countries would cover certain countries , like us  poland . 
   europe has no need for aircraft carrier there are several european aircraft carriers that would be part of a eu military if countries federalize into one . 
  i believe obama has slighted the canadians and asked them to step it up too , especially in nato deployments to eastern nato states . 
  romania also has interests in moldova which russia currently occupies in the form of transnistria . 
  naturally , we have common interests . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  especially with brexit , i foresee the uk focusing more on nato and taking the leading defensive role in europe , particularly in eastern europe . 
  it 's already happening in fact ( estonia and poland ) . 
  true . 
  europe has to go its own way and ally with china , while keeping russia and the us distant . 
  and i say this as an american . 
  home sucks . 
  life is better abroad actually . 
  first off , we have far more ethnic and religious tensions . 
  you criticizing europe is hilarious because we have constant threats , stabbings , and shootings here because of political , ethnic , and religious beliefs . 
  it 's only gone up more due to trump . 
  further , this erratic behavior of going left and right on the political spectrum every few years is not consistent and shows how unreliable we are . 
  second , we are a terrible military ally . 
  a strong one , but terrible in general . 
  if i had to pick one western power to possess the strongest military and wo n't use it for shitty means , it would be germany/eu . 
  they are likely to promote world peace for everyone rather than our method of establishing our influence through brute force . 
  that is also disregarding germany 's nazi past . 
  they have learned from it . 
  military can only go so far . 
  great for hegemony , but we have abused military power many times throughout history . 
  europe is n't innocent either , but most european powers are n't gung-ho on the international stage like we are . 
  remember , it just makes the crooks in the military-industrial complex richer while giving a handful of money to those working in it . 
  but in general , it does nothing for me , you , or americans . 
  we do n't get shit . 
  we do n't have free healthcare or anything . 
  we get nothing . 
  it 's hilarious to me that even after a marine major general wrote about war profiteering 80 + years ago and heavily criticized the country , our country still continues to destabilize countries and promote war . 
  americans are n't `` woke '' at all , we are complicit . 
  the future is pax europa or asian/russian imo . 
  i 'm fine with either . 
  our country needs to focus on itself right now . 
  the only crime that stands out to me here is coming from canada . . wtf, 
  maybe a future europe will , who knows . 
  but i think it 's clear the best path is being independent and being its own superpower . 
  we are the king of diabetes after all lol, 
  it reminds me of cherry flavored cough medicine . 
  if it was me , i would have said , `` oh wait , i think i prefer another drink '' and go to get a different one . 
  pretty much this !, 
   many americans insist that europe should spend more on both defence and on civilian power but , as these figures show , this demand is not only unrealistic , it is also unfair . 
  and no one in washington proposes to reciprocate by redressing america 's own endemically low commitment to civilian power . 
  i disagree . 
  europe needs to go its own way , independent of russia and the us . 
  the world is becoming mulit-polar anyway and american influence ( as part of the west ) is actually waning . 
  what this does is it shows americans that europeans are n't a pushover and can put their foot on the ground if needed , both militarily and economically . 
  that 's the best kind of partner . 
  let 's be real here . 
  macron could have easily gotten a girl in her teens or 20 's . 
  maybe even an ivanka trump . 
  the fact that he 's with such an older woman clearly shows they have a strong bond and connection . 
  good for them . 
  i hope she never takes their relationship for granted either .
