  i am not brad pitt , i look more like leonardo dicaprio , just without beard and i 'm actually muscular . 
  yes , models are pretty and i am attracted to them . 
  every man is attracted to instagram models , for instance . 
  there is no denying that . 
  it is just how men work . 
  swedish/german/norwegian remind me too much of american women . 
  way too macho for my liking . 
  they also like to have too much casual sex . 
  not good for relationships . 
   do n't you see that all is in your head ?? 
  do n't you see that all those images and ideas you have about girls are not natural and are caused for whatever trauma or social background/family/friends / people you hang aroung has told you or you have seen from them ?? 
  do n't you see that if you had had a normal life in europe or even in the us you would n't think like that since it is not true . 
  i mean all the men/boys i know here are normal , they study , go to college , are interested in many things , are nice guys who want to find true love and get married and have children just like girls , and in between until you find your true love you might meet other girls or boys since it is normal and it is what your body tells you . 
  anyway just read and improve yourself , expand your horitzons and travel to europe to meet nice and decent people . 
  stop going to whores and stop living in that dark , shitty hole where you live now . 
  i have this jaded outlook because of how i was raised here in america . 
  if my family had stayed in the czech republic , i do not think i would be this jaded . 
  american norms of dating is terrible and resolves around sex too much . 
  men and women are just pieces of meat here . 
  i much prefer european dating , as it seems more natural to me . 
  i was just born on the wrong continent and i realize that now . 
  if american standards of dating continues , we 're going to get more men like [ him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwftbam8iq4 ) who ca n't find love . 
  and believe me , in this world where you are handsome , make good money , good humor and personality , do n't like casual sex , you are rare amongst men . 
  because most men prefer fucking around instead of committing to relationships . 
  i could easily go on tinder and hookup with women , become a playboy , but i choose not to . 
  life is what you make of it , but for some people , there are limitations placed against you and that 's perfectly fine . 
  that 's just life . 
  it is unfair and cruel but the sooner you accept you for who you are , the better things will be . 
  think about people who live in third world countries and the stuff they missed out on because of living in poverty . 
  there are those who never made it to their 30s due to health complications , car accident death , etc. 
  to be alive now and breathing should be celebrated . 
  i 'm czech but born in america . 
  of course , eastern europe has normal girls too , but all men are attracted to pretty women naturally . 
  most pretty women , however , are sex workers or escorts . 
  this is abundantly true particularly for those without degrees . 
  if you think about it , where do pretty women turn to for money and they do n't have a good job/degree ? 
  the answer is sex work . 
  here in the us , i have friends that i found out were on seekingarrangement.com , even average looking girls . 
  these women do what they have to do to pay student loans , so they turn to sugar daddies . 
  for relationship-minded men like me , i would have to go abroad to find a girl who has n't been ravaged by poor socioeconomic factors like in the us . 
  not to mention the us is the king of hookup culture and casual sex . 
  no relationship-seeking man would want a woman like that . 
  i think my problem is i am attracted to models and slutty women because they are attractive . 
  i may need to lower my standards for an average girl . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  the crazy thing is that it 's just 15-25 more euros . 
  these are sex workers on the street and he just picks them up in his car !, 
  he sometimes sends me pictures and i am shocked that he has no condom on . 
  i know bareback is supposedly an amazing feel but i would n't take that risk , even if it was a tinder date . 
  oh no , i meant how do bulgarian guys try to find a girl who is not a prostitute , for relationship purposes ? 
  just screen a girl and hope for the best she is n't lying ? 
  here in the us , it is getting difficult to find a genuine girl because many of the good , pretty ones have no choice but to prostitute or be a sugar baby due to student loans and debt . 
  many will lie about being a prostitute or sugar baby . 
  what 's the deal with condoms ? 
  i have a german friend who bangs german and eastern european sex workers without condoms ( surprised he does n't have std ) , but there is a new law requiring it i think . 
  i think these men will likely use escort services ( they go to your place ) . 
  i ca n't imagine muslim men going to brothel and letting ppl see their faces . 
  i have a couple friends who say to avoid czech women , because the pretty ones are into prostitution , porn , or lots of casual sex . 
  i always imagine that in sweden , casual sex is very common especially when drunk . 
  then again , prostitution seems to be more for people who are too busy or they are older men . 
  so how do bulgarian men weed out girls who may actually be prostitutes ? 
  wow . 
  what this thread basically tells me is that if you 're in your 20s , you must travel , accomplish something ( a master 's degree , let 's say ) , have adventure , party it up , meet more people , and have love interests on hand or else you start to question your 30s . 
  i can tell you from the american perspective ... 
  it is often said your jobs define your worth ( and the perfect job is one that you will never work a day in your life ) , but many americans fucking hate their jobs and question their lives slaving away to mortgage and debt . 
  are n't most of the girls eastern european ? 
  i 've heard its a faster way to accumulate and send money home . 
   american guys do n't put any effort at all into their appearance for the most part . 
  i feel the same for american girls as well . 
  european women know how to dress better . 
  if you are well dressed and groomed , you will kill in america . 
  it is just too easy . 
  pretty much this . 
  we practically have no social safety net for the poor here . 
  it really is a dog-eat-dog world out here , hustle and bustle . 
  great to live if you 're upper-middle class and above , not so great if you 're poor . 
  the eu literally just sent out a coast guard and border guard a few days ago . 
  lol i ca n't help but feel this is a slight at vw . 
  probably from an vw owner . 
  only going to get worst unless we have a stable social safety net . 
   the food is delicious , the women are prettier than in the west , and if you just ignore the bureaucracy as much as possible , you 'll be fine . 
  haha i feel like everyone says this about their country nowadays . 
  wow , why have i not ever heard of this ?? 
  going on my list now . 
  do you recommend dokomi ? 
  i am wondering if my friend is bs ` ing or not . 
  it seems kind of like a smaller , local thing if i am not mistaken . 
  internationle spieltage has been mentioned to me more than twice now ; definitely going on my list . 
  i 'll browse the sites of the other ones you mentioned . 
  ooh , and i reckon it 'd be cheap to tour and visit sites too . 
  i do n't really have one , aside from some recommendations from a german friend of mine . 
  he recommends gamescon and dokomi . 
  thanks for using us for your libya and mali campaigns . 
  thanks for using us for your libya campaign . 
  we get it every now and then in / r/askanamerican . 
  yup , it goes both ways too , since we have been influenced by the uk since our founding . 
  eventually , i think future generations will speak some sort of globalized english language with hints of american , british , and australians influences here and there . 
   down to state level your media is sadist . 
  i wonder if we will get guy fawkes night here too . 
  i recently came across this nytimes article from last month : [ in sweden , a cash-free future nears ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/27/business/international/in-sweden-a-cash-free-future-nears.html?module=closeslideshow&amp;region=slideshowtopbar&amp;version=slidecard-8&amp;action=click&amp;contentcollection=international%20business&amp;pgtype=imageslideshow )  bills and coins now represent just 2 percent of sweden 's economy , compared with 7.7 percent in the united states and 10 percent in the eurozone .
