  he 's probably american . 
  we tend to blab alot . 
  edit : nope , i was [ wrong ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/3fbqst/im_an_eu_player_visiting_us_and_playing_wow_on_a/ ), 
  iraq was shit and not justified . 
  afghanistan was justified to an extent because of bin laden but we should have left right after nato/northern alliance overpowered the taliban . 
  i have respect for them because they supported us even during our stupid bush phase . 
  the american public will never forget that . 
  their military commitments say otherwise . 
  [ poland says it will host 1,000 british troops from 2017 ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-poland-military-idukkcn0uz31a ) get off your high horse . 
  they went with us in iraq and afghanistan . 
  and as noted above , they are going to poland . 
  they deserve all my respect and praise , their fight is our fight and vice versa . 
  seriously , fuck off . 
  the simpsons more recently popularized it , but the expression supposedly originated from the brits saying `` having kittens . '', 
   one potential example : the london police are investigating a murder for hire plot , and the suspects are using hotmail to communicate , and there 's no connection to the united states other than the fact that the suspects ' emails are on a microsoft server in redmond , wash. . today , the police would have to use the mlat process and wait months . 
  fair enough . 
  that 's the same argument the uk makes whenever the federal eu army is brought up . 
  it 's not necessarily true . 
  plenty of nations pull their own weight . 
  we had a very bad experience in siberia . 
  would rather pick ocean . 
  no fucks given . 
  every man 's nightmare . 
  every man 's nightmare . 
  i agree with you but this is not a fair comparison . 
   i would love to see one of you guys beefing up under seven women tho !, 
  arguably , there 's guys that would love that shit . 
   regeni 's death is not the first incident of a foreign national dying in suspicious circumstances on egyptian soil . 
  frenchman eric lang died after being beaten by his fellow inmates while in police custody in september 2013 . 
  egyptian security forces killed 12 people , including eight mexican tourists who were travelling in the western desert in september 2015 . 
  the kidnap and beheading of croatian national tomislav salopek by the islamic state affiliate sinai province in august 2015 was seen as an unusual instance of kidnap of a foreign national in egypt . 
  damn , i did n't realize it was that bad . 
   prune filling god , that sounds awful . 
  jesus says its ok . 
  nothing like some good old penectomy . 
  that 's excellent . 
  sounds like you have everything planned out . 
  experience and education from abroad would serve to boost your resume should politics be in your future . 
  it certainly wo n't hurt . 
  i ca n't speak for continental europe , but the uk has [ sipp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-invested_personal_pension ) and [ isa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/individual_savings_account ) plans . 
  in some countries , it is said your retirement plan is your children ( they take care of you in old age ) . 
  full article :  esa 's expose facility was retrieved from outside the international space station by cosmonauts yuri malenchenko and sergei volkov , who were completing a spacewalk to place new experiments on the outpost 's hull . 
   expose is a series of chemistry laboratories that place samples in the harsh environment of space unprotected . 
  subjected to vacuum , radiation , temperature differences and the full blast of our sun 's energy , 46 species of small organisms and over 150 organic compounds have returned after spending 18 months bolted to the zvezda module . 
   having travelled around the world over 8500 times , researchers are eager to see how the organisms and chemical samples have endured their trip . 
  inspecting the organisms back on earth could help in the search for alien life while chemical analysis will help researchers understand how molecules react to space travel . 
  astrochemistry on the space station  the building blocks of life on earth , organic chemicals , could have landed on our planet via meteorites after travelling millions of years through space . 
  most chemical compounds are not stable but over time break down to form different molecules . 
   the chemistry experiment that is part of the expose facility , called photochemistry on the space station ( pss ) , is investigating which chemicals we find on earth could have come from space . 
   lead investigator herve cottin , from the university of paris-est creteil , explains : `` expose is nothing less than a little chemistry box to help us better understand chemical reactions in space . 
  if a molecule survives 18 months in space then it could come to earth from space . 
   `` if a molecule has changed after its 18-month voyage then we know that space travel filters our observations on earth and a chemical might have formed from a different configuration . '', 
   this research has implications for data gathered from other space missions such as comet-chaser rosetta or titan probe huygens , or the upcoming exomars mission . 
   these spacecraft and rover provide researchers with information on the chemicals they detect as they explore our solar system . 
  on those distant worlds , solar radiation is not filtered by our atmosphere , so their chemistries could be quite different to that on our planet . 
   of the 150 samples are on expose-r2 , half are in direct sunlight and another half were protected from the sun . 
  another 225 samples have been kept on earth in varying conditions as a control . 
   thirty researchers from 11 laboratories in the netherlands , italy , france and usa started on this project in 2009 , and the samples will return to earth on a soyuz spacecraft soon for analysis . 
  ... it 's not easy . 
  you need alot of capital and support to come here . 
  my family was lucky we did , but it fucking took alot of hardship . 
  you make it sound so easy , just because you have `` russian community '' or `` ukrainian church '' a minute from your job . 
  i would say it is almost entirely luck , just like it is for syrian refugees to get accepted in us and germany . 
  and news flash , the russians here do have capital and support , not like your ordinary russian . 
  / u/zurfer75 is right about the survivorship bias . 
  what do you do ? 
  can you give me more info on this ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  i 'm curious about pay though . 
  bay area and nyc have high cost of living though . 
  i do n't see how anyone can save money there . 
  austin seems more reasonable though . 
  better yet . 
  make money in us while you can , then move back to hungary and donate to charity , help the people , etc. 
  honestly , that sounds like quite a life !, 
  better than being a mortgage/corporate slave . 
  capitalist thinking . 
  i imagine cost of living must be low . 
  what does 296 $ get you in terms of food , bills , and such ? 
   western europe stronk . 
  hehe indeed :p, 
  yes , but again , reform is what is needed . 
  it 's the system that needs to be reworked . 
  we can easily have the same social systems and safety nets while fielding a colossal military . 
  some states more so than others have such systems in place . 
  it is also possible to cut back from europe , concentrate in asia , which will save further funding . 
  ( not blaming you ) why would you not want to help eastern europe ? 
  what is the point of the eu project then ? 
  to serve only western european interests ? 
  i hate this argument . 
  we do get all that . 
  it 's the system that needs further reform . 
  why is n't your country protesting that, 
  only from some western europeans . 
  `` america has no permanent friends or enemies , only interests '' i 'd say so . 
  mars ? 
  we have foreign military presence here all the time , but they 're constantly coming in and out . 
  i think the problem is we do n't really have an existing threat on our border while europe does . 
  well , at least russia is not doing anything on our side . 
  i 'm sure if there was a real threat , yeah i think we 'd be ok with a more permanent military presence from europe .
