  europe has experienced long lasting peace thanks to nato , which you wanted us , the yanks , to participate in !, 
  there is nothing wrong with eu participating within nato . 
  the problem is with europe and its lack of will to federalize . 
  imagine if orange hair finds out that iceland is at 0 % . 
  `` but mr. president , they are not required to reach 2 % spending . 
  they do n't even have a military . '', 
  we have a flawed electoral system so you 'll have to bear with it for a few years . 
  in the meantime , shore up the militaries and economies of europe . 
  great timing too , because poland is growing crazy fast relative to the rest of europe . 
  what 's stopping the eu from federalizing and joining nato as a federal state with better efficiency and common equipment ? 
  europe . 
  likewise , nato does n't cover hawaii or our other overseas territories so we have to deal with china on our own there . 
  have you ever confronted them to say that spaniards are white and not hispanic ( latino ) ? 
  so many people are misinformed by this . 
  we won the popular vote , does n't mean we are retarded . 
  we have a flawed system . 
  it happens more often than you think , even in western countries . 
  they 're probably muslims ; does n't mean they are all bad . 
  the problem is bringing these men in who come from sex deprived , conservative societies with poor socioeconomic conditions . 
  notice a lot of the rape stories come from places like the middle east , latin america , and india ? 
  it 's interesting indeed . 
  as long as we have the constitution and `` in god we trust , '' we will always be a christian stronghold in the west ... on the surface anyway . 
  it 's a tradition . 
  pretty much no changing that , even as younger americans become less religious . 
  but miami , palm beach , etc are all there , no ? 
  i imagine it 's younger folks too . 
  yup, 
  all eyes on germany ( and france too i guess ), 
   putin is n't stupid enough to invade a nato member and unlike crimea he has no semi-legitimate claim to the baltics . 
  this is nato 's rationale on the baltic deployment . 
  it is more to close out the loophole should russia come to the aid of minorities in the baltic states . 
  this is done by having a `` trip-wire '' force in place . 
  they can not risk any chances after crimea . 
  beautiful . 
  coming to the aid of member states is not aggression . 
  sending b-2 's are a phenomenal waste . 
  they are worth bullets , not million dollar bombs . 
  how old are they then ? 
  so imaginary that western europe decided to create the idea of nato and including us in it . 
  we were n't in germany facing off against the soviets with the french and british for no reason and we certainly are n't in the baltics today for no reason either . 
  cold war works , otherwise we 'd see much bloodshed amongst nations . 
  that 's just your country mate . 
  we still played a pivotal role in europe by acting as a bulwark against soviet forces , at a time when they could have steamrolled across western europe . 
  afghanistan 's alright actually . 
  it was iraq that was the most pointless one . 
  one of the most powerful nations in the world , but we are putin 's puppet . 
  i 'm still shocked . 
  someone pinch me . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cold_war_ii china vs. usa and eu/nato vs. russia , with proxy wars in the middle east and ukraine . 
  how is that game ? 
  never played it . 
  from the looks of it , it 's wwi based but if it 's cod running around and shit , count me out . 
  wow , we 're practically putin russia 2.0 at this point , except on the atlantic side . 
  on the contrary , a united europe would be great militarily . 
  trump would n't make these nato complaints if the eu was a single , sovereign country with its own military within nato ( probably stronger than the us too ) . 
  instead , all he sees are 20-something member states , each with their own military and policies . 
  orange hair guy is n't really bright . 
  knowing russians , they are too prideful to do that . 
  i have to give them that . 
  most westerners would follow the money . 
  canada has troops in the baltics . 
  wow . 
  sweet website . 
  if i was a tesla exec , i would pick the netherlands . 
  the man is crazy . 
  lol, 
  it almost seems like half the nation is pro-putin and the other half anti-putin . 
  strange times we live in ... 
  mentality back in the day makes me shudder . 
  glad we live in modern times now . 
  bad political move . 
  it shows insecurity . 
  nuts . 
  hehehe * slaughters cow , blood splatters everywhere * / s, 
  we are on creeper status because you friendzoned us . 
  nato is the uk 's last defense mechanism that connects it to europe . 
  they would not want to leave that like they did the eu . 
  trump is practically putin v. 2 , except he 's to the west . 
  that 's weird to me . 
  you wish for eastern europeans to team up with western european centrists , but at the same time , you ( as a centrist ) would not risk your life for them and say they backstabbed western europe . 
  they too have been backstabbed by western europe if we look at history . 
  something has got to give , but no side wants to give , only take . 
  heck , papa putin tells me that in my sleep too . 
  he is always watching , waiting . 
  danes are so generous , we would arrest them at the airport and they would never see sunlight . 
  better late than never . 
  i think there will be conflict between the top brass and president trump behind the scenes . 
  the eu as a country within nato would do wonders to reduce redundancy . 
  nato is a start and is the glue that holds it all together , but it needs the eu to finish the job . 
  that is , to federalize , not just pool resources with its member states . 
  one country will always be more effective and efficient than 28 countries , each with their own standing militaries and policies . 
  true . 
  i think the only way to balance it out is if the entire eu federalizes into one country , then it would balance out nato , with the exception of outliers like canada and turkey . 
  i imagine the command structure and military of one country simplifies things too , rather than 28 individual countries with their own military . 
  you 'd think melania has taught trump slovene at least . 
  i do n't think so . 
  if a country is invaded , we have no choice but to respond or else all our other defense commitments are questioned . 
  this might be questionable under trump , however . 
  in my opinion , i think the top positions in nato are fairly balanced and i definitely think one of the top positions should go to the us . 
  we have the biggest military in the group , so it makes sense .
