  i expected paris and milan to be much higher . 
  and rome is higher than milan a bit ? 
  did n't expect that . 
  wow , uh ... being a bit harsh there . 
  maybe american pop culture and media has to do with it . 
  just a hunch though . 
  i for one am happy a non-eu country like mine was able to rank in the middle . 
  it 's a small victory for us . 
  do n't worry , at least you guys have money . 
  the worst tourists are those who cheap out , mainly westerners i 've noticed . 
  so weird . 
  yet in usa , romanians are either the descendants of romans ( ignorance is bliss ) , vampires , or known for catchy euro pop . 
  in asia , romanians are known for engineers and it . 
  it really depends on where you live . 
  i once heard americans asking whether romanians were descendants of romans and vampires and i deceivingly said yes . 
  not a bad stereotype i 'd say . 
  well , it seems my country has employed the turtle strategy . 
  the counter-strategy for russia is to rush b , no stop . 
   officially , it 's nato . 
  but we all know that 's basically you . 
  this myth needs to die . 
  we do not control nato . 
  we make up 70 % of the alliance . 
  the hq is located in brussels . 
  it does not mean we control it . 
  if the eu were to federalise , the balance would equal out i 'm sure . 
  i agree , a ukraine scenario in a member state is not likely . 
  the only potential flashpoint with rufed i can foresee in the future is maybe over gotland ( sweden ) and the arctic ( canada , denmark , and norway ) . 
  wow , 150k miles . 
  i 'm surprised merc 's even last that long . 
  i guess if you just do regular oil changes and what have you , it will last you a good while . 
  essentially , yeah . 
  they are subsidiaries of germany-based volkswagen group . 
  volkswagen group also owns lamborghini . 
  true story - chrysler used to own lamborghini before . 
  what year is it ? 
  i would only lease a german car or if i buy , get the extended warranty on one from carmax . 
  lots of people have taken advantage of that . 
  they just have problems for some reason : / i do n't know about tatra , but it 's a shame vw never advertised the \u0160koda line to north america . 
  i think it would 've been a hit . 
  if hyundai can succeed , so can \u0160koda . 
  who does canada want for us pres ? 
  i 'm 100 % czech but born in the us . 
   ( which is why everyone 's parents drive toyotas ) because those toyota 's are built in the us . 
  you see those toyota tundra pick-up commercials all the time , emphasizing `` made in texas '' because its true . 
  i 'd rather buy a toyota than some american car half-assed on quality made in mexico . 
  saying that , german cars are also shit with expensive maintenance . 
  i would never want to own a mercedez , but maybe leasing would be ok . 
  the only american car company i admire is tesla . 
  they will help the american car reputation worldwide . 
  mustang , corvette , challenger - all cool but i tend to think of them as kiddie cars , for high school students and such . 
  clinton , yet no sanders . 
  why germany , why ? 
  this is fucked up . 
  now companies are catering to us because of profits . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  i thought europe was a bigger market than anglosphere for these kind of games . 
  there is the eu article 42.7 . 
  but you have to admit , this will boost his publicity . 
  it might not appeal to us , but it will appeal to his voter base . 
  i knew about tiesto but did n't know that afrojack and hardwell were dutch . 
  pretty cool . 
  i still think we need a more generous welfare system similar to most of europe , but one that keeps immigrants working if we can still manage that . 
  that 's good news . 
  sad some people are so negative about it . 
  norway rat : `` we will push past their fortress !, 
  to be fair , we do that for all our allies and even countries like saudi and israel . 
  thank you , tired of / r/europe saying nato is usa . 
  it 's not !, 
  i honestly wish the eu would federalize and count itself as a member to balance it out . 
  wow wtf ... 
  well , from the estonian perspective , it was an extremely smart move to join . 
  you can say the members who joined then were more fortunate than that of georgia or ukraine today ( who have no chance of joining now ) . 
  from nato 's perspective , it decided to take on new members because the benefits outweighed the risk i presume . 
  sort of like insurance . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2016/03/14/as-u-s-passports-for-domestic-flights-loom-irs-can-now-revoke-passports/#4355a12834c3 ) . 
  why am i being downvoted ? 
  it 's true . 
  edit : another [ link ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/residents-from-5-us-states-could-soon-need-a-passport-for-a-domestic-flight-2015-9 ) . 
  we traded places . 
  edit : it 's a joke , why am i being downvoted ? 
  understandably , you have to fork over more money plus the added cost of delay ( what happens if you never got the warning but you had the trip planned out already ? ), 
  i fear once real id act is fully implemented , americans would piss and moan just the same , with having to obtain a real id-compliant card or us passport . 
  well , i wish there was more warning for them since the change was implemented in 2007 . 
  brits , do n't feel bad . 
  over here , we have slowly implemented some changes where you must present a passport for interstate travel . 
  before , americans would show a id , but now americans may have to fork up money for a passport . 
  we clearly value security over tourist dollars as you can see . 
  it may bite us in the butt . 
  if you require religion to do good things , you are not a good person , just a greedy one with eyes on the long game . 
  voluntourism is disgusting . 
  well , there might be another clinton coming to office soon !, 
  i think albania is a great example of a country with coexistence and tolerance . 
  i read before non-muslims had no problems living there . 
  and you 'd be hard pressed to find another country like albania that even has good ties with israel - one that most of the west despises . 
  i suppose we could just give back guam and puerto rico back to spain ? 
  savage . 
  it 's an easyjet flight away , but i imagine it would be inconvenient if you just want a quick visit for a day . 
  i 'd rather take any beach nearby in that case , clear blue water be damned . 
  yes .
