  i pay my taxes . 
  it goes to government . 
  government decides how to use the money , it does n't mean i condone what they use it for or that i get credit and prestige for paying my taxes . 
  i do not get this logic . 
  that man - i 'd drink with him . 
  i would like western europe to take the lead obviously . 
  i think we can all agree to this . 
  but the only one capable seems to be the uk . 
  the others do n't really want to commit to eastern europe . 
  other heads of state will be there at the security summit as well and obama wo n't be meeting them ( other than china , japan , etc. ) . 
  it does n't mean it is a snub to the pis government . 
  i do have to say ever since the `` blowjob '' comment and the whole eu intervention thing , it feels like poland is going down the wrong path . 
  it 's like seeing a successful friend deliberately burn down his house so he can experiment being homeless . 
  i still think we should just give them our vehicles and equipment instead of storing them for a potential conflict . 
  we have a surplus as it is . 
  it gets pretty bad on the net too . 
   germany should be offered the de facto political dominance over most protestant and catholic states located within central and eastern europe . 
  kaliningrad oblast could be given back to germany . 
  the book uses the term a `` moscow-berlin axis '' . 
   united kingdom should be cut off from europe . 
   finland should be absorbed into russia . 
  southern finland will be combined with the republic of karelia and northern finland will be `` donated to murmansk oblast . '', 
   estonia should be given to germany 's sphere of influence . 
   latvia and lithuania should be given a `` special status '' in the eurasian-russian sphere . 
   poland should be granted a `` special status '' in the eurasian sphere . 
   romania , macedonia , `` serbian bosnia '' and greece -- `` orthodox collectivist east '' -- will unite with the `` moscow the third rome '' and reject the `` rational-individualistic west . '', 
   ukraine should be annexed by russia because '' `` ukraine as a state has no geopolitical meaning , no particular cultural import or universal significance , no geographic uniqueness , no ethnic exclusiveness , its certain territorial ambitions represents an enormous danger for all of eurasia and , without resolving the ukrainian problem , it is in general senseless to speak about continental politics '' . 
  ukraine should not be allowed to remain independent , unless it is cordon sanitaire , which would be inadmissible . 
   georgia should be dismembered . 
  abkhazia and `` united ossetia '' ( which includes georgia 's south ossetia ) will be incorporated into russia . 
  georgia 's independent policies are unacceptable . 
   azerbaijan could be `` split up '' or given to iran . 
   russia needs to create `` geopolitical shocks '' within turkey . 
  these can be achieved by employing kurds , armenians and other minorities . 
   the book regards the caucasus as a russian territory . 
   china , which represents a danger to russia , `` must , to the maximum degree possible , be dismantled . '', 
   russia should manipulate japanese politics by offering the kuril islands to japan and provoking anti-americanism . 
   mongolia should be absorbed into eurasia-russia . 
  wow . 
  if we are not careful , we 'll play right into dugin 's cards . 
  in some ways , we are already witnessing a few things happen - georgia crisis , crimean annexation , moscow-berlin `` axis , '' , possible brexit , and provocation of turkey . 
  geography certainly helps . 
  if we were in europe 's position , we 'd be shitting our pants while desperately trying to build trump 's wall . 
  time to poll and see what the locals have to say about that . 
  the eu with english as its single language ( granted , not everyone speaks english , but the numbers are rising ) . 
  i think it could work . 
  case in point , you are a greek who can write and speak english , and your country is part of the eu . 
  rip mr. tam . 
  it is sad he was in a unsafe area and that bystander effect occurred , but i strongly feel it goes deeper beyond that . 
  sf has an underlying [ systemic issue ] ( http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/nevius/article/dirty-secret-of-black-on-asian-violence-is-out-3265760.php ) that has been going on for awhile now , specifically related to racial tension between asian and african american communities , and i fear that may have played a key role in being profiled . 
  please stop . 
  think afghanistan is the better role model ? 
  because with iraq , the iraqi leadership ( then former pm al-maliki ) was uncooperative with the [ sunni 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sons_of_iraq ) and the iraqi military have also fled in the face of isis ... 
  i ca n't recall anything similar to that in afghanistan ... 
  cia militia vs pentagon militia ... is n't that convenient . 
  we really need western troops on the ground . 
  it 's 2016 , where are the lasers ? 
  * psst * open borders at poland . 
  ... crickets ... what , no one wants poland ? 
  rightfully so . 
  bombing from the air is n't enough , we need ground assets to defeat isis unfortunately . 
  same . 
  and it therefore would n't spread to usa either . 
  we would n't have to put up with mormons and jehovah 's witnesses . 
  * shrugs * i blame the whole world media for this idolized association of europe , automatically meaning paris or london . 
  funny enough , some people suffer from paris syndrome . 
  where in europe ? 
  i would probably avoid france and belgium for the time being , but the rest of europe is fair game and very safe . 
  eh what was / r/france 's reaction when the train shooting was stopped , if i may ask ? 
   i ca n't believe a terrorist never did a followup on one of those places . 
  or why police allowed it in the first place as protecting stations , buses , metros and other places where people pass unwillingly but out of necessity should take preference . 
  terrorists are unpredictable , hard to say where they 'll hit next unless you have good intel . 
  looks like belgian security is really ramping up though . 
  my money is on the vietnamese in czech republic who did that . 
  they do n't like china 's infringement on territory . 
  yeah , it is a shame . 
  they become targets for the taliban for helping us and yet we can only admit a few of them to the us . 
  we have a backwards , slow , and frustrating process . 
  it is nice to know some of them are going to europe , but it should n't have to be that way . 
  something something drinking vodka while listening to black strobe - brenn di ega kjerke and watching an 18th century church burn . 
   many suffer post-traumatic stress disorder , and some have taken their own lives . 
  wow poor dutch :(, 
  ... yeah , this can be awkward for president erdogan . 
  i ca n't imagine the thoughts going on in the bystanders ' minds when this woman did this . 
  this was so petty , i 'm speechless ... 
  beast . 
  now is not the time . 
  i second the suggestion to get the indian flag on clothing/backpack but better yet , get an australian one . 
  you 'll be fine , but do be careful of muggings and theft as a tourist anyplace . 
  no , i highly doubt that . 
  we 'll still go to iceland , ireland , and uk . 
  eastern europe is not a bad destination either and they have yet to suffer from attacks . 
  i admit western europe is n't looking too appetizing but if we stop traveling to europe , these terrorists only win . 
  this goes for all other tourists too , not just americans . 
  hmmm ... username checks out . 
  to test your reaction . 
  a terrorist would n't be willing and open their suitcase . 
  spot on . 
  unfortunately , the intended audience ca n't tell the difference . 
  it 's pretty clever yet dirty propaganda .
