  we 're firmly # 2 when it comes to economy . 
  we like netherlands . 
  honest question : do you hate eastern europeans or something ? 
  i ca n't help but notice you have something against the poles ... 
  haha i think / r/europe needs it . 
  good post !, 
  well i am curious too . 
  we 'll find out soon enough . 
  if we ever close bases in germany , it would take massive german protests for us to leave . 
  or the government kicks us out . 
  if we do leave , we 'd take them back home . 
  we ca n't just move them east or else we break this [ treaty ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_25468.htm ) . 
  right now , we 're trying to honor it by `` rotating '' forces in and out . 
  we 're not trying to piss off russia any further . 
  it wont do europe any good . 
  yeah , you 'd think we learned from vietnam . 
  nope . 
  no , i hope not . 
  hopefully a mix of german , us , british , italian , etc. 
  nato should n't underestimate russia though . 
  any italians here encountered actual mafia before ? 
  what are they like ? 
  holy fuck , that 's alot . 
  agreed . 
  with stagnant wages , growing costs ( especially cost of living ) , or career aspirations , it 's really no wonder people are putting off having children or not having any at all . 
  i would even considering adopting , but kids still cost a ton . 
  i do n't think russia will fall though ... how come ukrainians do n't go to romania , hungary , or slovakia ? 
  is there a certain lure to poland that makes it more attractive over other states ? 
   russia 's role in germany can also be seen as an ideological game : `` what is attracting people to russia and germany is anti-americanism , the idea that the us is an imperialist power that needs to be counter-balanced . 
  and the person that is doing that is vladimir putin , '' adds speck . 
  those germans ... i do n't know what to say : / after germany reunited , we still had relatively good ties . 
  they 're now a strong economic power . 
  we like germans here . 
  i 'm not saying we influenced the germans directly , but western influence is much preferred . 
  france , uk , usa , nl , canada etc. ... we 're all under the western banner . 
  it 's not even about americanism . 
  do i think putin has germany 's best interests in mind ? 
  maybe , i do n't know . 
  but i sure know that putin only has his `` interests '' in mind for russia , not germany . 
  you can even ask eastern europe about putin 's `` interests '' and see why they prefer the west . 
  they barely know baseball , doubt it . 
   as of now the only accepted form of nationalism in europe is in sports . 
  then the simple solution is - more sports . 
  because of turkish and greek tensions , it will have to be nato troops from germany , italy , etc. 
  how would you describe / r/turkey ? 
  moderate ? 
  not all of it . 
  i noticed that too . 
  it does n't really flow with the article , seems so random . 
  ukraine , ireland , netherlands , france , helsinki ( finland ) , and stockholm ( sweden ) look pretty decent too . 
  well , obamacare is a farce ( it 's not national healthcare ) , the war on drugs is an even bigger farce and i 'm not quite sure why we do n't legalize it already , the inner cities are a mess , and guns and gang violence are quite common . 
  politics are even more of a shit show . 
  it 's shit dude . 
  america has a long way to go before we consider ourselves first world . 
  we 're more second or third world . 
  let 's see who we elect and hope for the best . 
  but thanks for the compliments . 
  that 's correct . 
  but compared to europe , we are third world . 
  we are the richest third world country . 
  we are the richest third world country . 
  and because of people like you , the world thinks americans are arrogant , fat , and loud . 
  which is true to a degree , because of people like you . 
  idiot . 
  nothing to be ashamed of :p, 
   we 're not that relevant tbh yeah , right . 
  on every youtube video ( especially house music ) , somewhere there 's a comment that says : `` polskaaaaaa '' or `` polska rz\u0104dzi . '', 
  even i do it sometimes . 
  i would even advocate the inclusion of russia into eu but not allow them into nato , to allay fears from eastern europe because of the mistrust with russia . 
  i think there could have been long lasting peace and russia would have been a partner since the 90 's . 
  we even trained with them during nato exercises , for instance . 
  we helped funded the eu initially , we very much wanted a federal eu army . 
  we want britain to remain in the eu and we even want eu to allow turkey and ukraine in . 
  a peaceful , unified europe is in our interests . 
  even if it ends up becoming more powerful than us . 
  makes you feel happy to be alive now , does n't it ? 
  i ca n't wait to see what advances holds for us in the future . 
  the russians , iranians , saudis , and gulf states deserve each other . 
  it 's a complicated case . 
  we support you guys but we also support the pyd . 
  if only they stop giving weapons to pkk . 
  you 're a country ? 
  i 'm american and even i do n't watch it . 
  it 's boring as shit . 
  only slightly better than baseball . 
  nba is where its at . 
  soccer is pretty cool too . 
  stop being butthurt , geez . 
  live a little . 
  i always wondered what tunisia could have been had they not had an arab spring . 
  they were the sole arab spring success , but are now suffering from economic woes , lack of tourism , and terrorist attacks . 
  it 's a shame really . 
  well , it certainly is more convenient too , seeing how it 's only a short ryanair trip back to germany . 
  i imagine that 's far more satisfying than working for an m&e firm . 
  nice . 
  money . 
  right and wrong . 
  we 're there for ee . 
  we should not be there for we , because they have strong enough military to fend off for themselves and they are not under threat . 
  other than that , i agree .
