already is here in finland . 
  that 's a really great question actually . 
  dark skin makes it even worse does n't it ? 
  it is unfortunate that they are the ones choosing . 
   actually this is an obvious question but it 's not what you might think . 
  let me explain it to you , i 've been an opiate addict for a long time and tried many drugs . 
  drugs that are ` uppers ' have the most ` obvious ' euphoria . 
  for example if you take adderall/coke/meth / speed/mdma you will get this shining bright euphoria , self confidence , energy , and other drug-specific feelings ( for meth like you are king or for mdma like you love everyone ) . 
  however , you owe these drugs back what they delivered to you . 
  after a meth binge , or lots of mdma use , or staying up all night on coke you will feel like shit . 
  to an extent this aspect is similar to an alcoholic hangover . 
  on the other hand , for many people who experiment with heroin they are underwhelmed ( not including iv usage , but most experimenters rarely ever iv first time ) . 
  they just feel good , chill , happy , but they feel like this spooky drug ` heroin ' has n't delivered . 
  they are just mellow . 
  oh obviously it has all been a lie they will think . 
  heroin is n't spooky , it 's chill . 
  it 's not addictive like everyone else thinks . 
  it does n't make you do stupid shit or stay up all day and hallucinate like amphetamines or coke . 
  it does n't empty your serotonin like mdma or give you a hangover like alcohol . 
  people tend to just think oh , what a nice drug . 
  so the next day they wake up and everything is normal . 
  no headache or shitty feeling -- just a slight afterglow of that nice feeling . 
  oh it was cheap as well !, 
  it only cost $ 10 for a whole night of being high !, 
  i thought people said heroin was expensive ? 
  and then next weekend comes ... 
  there are all these drugs i could do but i liked heroin . 
  it did n't ` fuck me up , ' i could still think clearly . 
  no hangover . 
  no feeling like shit later . 
  i still was awake . 
  it just made me happy and content with life . 
  oh and it 's only $ 10 !, 
  well , i should get some more for the whole weekend . 
  this is great !, 
  i will use heroin on the weekends now !, 
  now let 's say this person works and has responsibilities . 
  he knows he ca n't go into work drunk , or on mdma , or high . 
  so he does n't . 
  it 's actually simple . 
  but heroin ... well the user might actually find they do better work on heroin . 
  instead of being sad or grumpy or depressed with his job ... he is just ... happy . 
  mellow . 
  content . 
  everything is fine and the world is beautiful . 
  it 's raining , it 's dark , i woke up at 5:30 am , i 'm commuting in traffic . 
  i would have had a headache , i would have been miserable , i would have wondered how my life took me to this point . 
  this point i 'm at right now . 
  but no , no , everything is fine . 
  life is beautiful . 
  the rain drops are just falling and in each one i see the reflection of every persons life around me . 
  humanity is beautiful . 
  in this still frame shot of traffic on this crowded bus i just found love and peace . 
  heroin is a wonder drug . 
  heroin is better than everything else . 
  heroin makes me who i wish i was . 
  heroin makes life worth living . 
  heroin is better than everything else . 
  heroin builds up a tolerance fast . 
  heroin starts to cost more money . 
  i need heroin to feel normal . 
  i do n't love anymore . 
  now i 'm sick . 
  i ca n't afford the heroin that i need . 
  how did $ 10 used to get me high ? 
  now i need $ 100 . 
  that guy that let me try a few lines the first time does n't actually deal . 
  oh i need to find a real dealer ? 
  this guy is a felon and carries a gun -- he can sell me the drug that lets me find love in the world . 
  no this is n't working , i need to quit . 
  to answer your question , heroin feels nice . 
  that 's all , it just feels very nice . 
  you can make the rest up for yourself . 
  attach your own half-truths to this drug that will show you the world and for a moment you will feel as clever as faust . 
  after reading this i believe that if possible people should be kept away from hard drugs at any cost . 
  why do n't they go to france ? 
  turkish forces ? 
  so threatening with violence would be another use for firearms and not only violence . 
  the commenter above me claimed that it would do more bad in the form of accidents than good in stopping crime . 
  what i meant is that there is a way to make concealed carry legal even in the european context . 
  i 'm talking about this in european context . 
  what i suggesr is that we allow concealed carry but to get the license you have to show that you know your shit . 
  if it is done this way i do n't think it would have any negative effects . 
  oh , my bad, 
  he just used a firearm to de-escalate a situation and yet you claim that guns can only be used for killing and hurting people, 
  mass shootings are not the only thing , infact they are account for a very small percentage of deaths by firearms , something like under a hundred or so a year out of 30 000 in the usa . 
  yeah the system in america is kinda faulty , you get a concealed carry license way too easy . 
  but that is not to say that we here in europe could n't do it better , it does n't really take much training to become so proficient with guns that accidents and such are near impossible . 
  with a little tinkering to the permit system i do believe that concealed carry permits could be handed out here in finland . 
  the laws on self defense would have to be changed quite a bit though . 
  yeah that 's a nice opinion ok . 
  in the us the whole guns thing is very much obscured by politics and the checks that you have to go through are n't good enough . 
  for example if you 'd just allow people to carry guns with the current checks here in finland i do n't think it would have much of a negative impact . 
  why the fuck are they out in the open during an artillery bombardment ? 
  there 's cover right there next to them , i believe that this pic is face . 
  pls no, 
  yeah well that is the truth is n't it ? 
  non egregious rapes can get under 2 years, 
  you get 2 years for egregious rape here in finland : dd, 
  i 'm not an island expert but europe is a big place with many islands im sure .
