  i think the laws have helped curb nazism , but education has been much more instrumental . 
  but none of this really has much to do with my point , that active incitement to violence should be illegal . 
  nazis can have book clubs where they read mein kampf and stitch hakenkreuzen all they want , but the moment they start drawing stars of david on people 's doors and talking about exterminating parasites , they should be held legally accountable . 
  even if this has n't led to any violence yet . 
  the weimar republic had laws against nazism ? 
  explain ? 
  well , the us is n't [ completely free ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/how-the-patriot-act-stripped-me-of-my-free-speech-rights/2011/10/20/giqaxb53gm_story.html ) from curbs on free speech right , either . 
  and like i said , in this case the police seems to have crossed a line - although it is important to note that they did n't charge anyone with anything , or even threaten them with anything . 
  my point is n't that the police did the right thing , it 's just that they should have the ability to intervene when actual violence is being incited . 
  they can express their opinion , they just ca n't bring a group of emotional and aggressive people together and start saying things like : `` let 's march to the azc and show those refugees who 's boss '' . 
  that 's not freedom of speech , that 's allowing people to escalate a situation to the point of violence . 
   there is real crime they could be dealing with at the moment and they 're wasting their time on visiting a bunch of disgruntled people ... wtf . 
  you could also see it as a form of preventative policing . 
  crimes do n't just emerge in a vacuum . 
  if you know there is going to be a protest , and you know it could get out of hand , do you just call in the me and wait until you can start bashing heads , or do you go to the people and try to calm them down before they march on the gemeentehuis ? 
  true . 
  ' \u201e laat ze oprotten die teringleiers , we gaan met z \u2019n allen naar het gemeentehuis '' , '' is tantamount to instructing people to pick up pitchforks and torches . 
  given the fact that the police is in charge of ensuring public safety , that 's a pretty alarming thing to say - and it does n't really matter if that 's said online or offline . 
  oh absolutely . 
  i 'm not defending the police in this instance . 
  they went way overboard and mishandled the backlash already . 
  i was just arguing the more general point about the principle of free speech and the fear of hate speech . 
  yes . 
  that 's exactly what i said . 
  you are so very perceptive . 
  the article is definitely worrisome , but i do n't know if that means that the amendment is necessarily bad either . 
  i hope the police activities will be investigated . 
  exactly . . and apologize to the guy instead of making excuses . 
  he 's the bloody mayor ; he should have some basic pr skills . 
  i ca n't stand rutger , but i have to admit he knows how to find useless officials like this , give them a rope , and watch them hang themselves with it . 
  i can turn that around too . 
  inciting violence by using hate speech against minorities sounds like kristallnacht . 
  and that 's the imagery that mayors and local police have in their minds when they call on people not to talk about ` initiating resistance ' against refugees . 
  it 's a fine line , but the danger goes both ways . 
  i do n't want to live in a country where the state can oppress my right to free speech , freedom of association , freedom to organize and demonstrate , etc. , but i also do n't want to live in a society where gangs of right-wing - , eco - or islamo-fascist hatemongers can freely incite and organize people to violently target groups of people . 
  it is legit . 
  i 'm not on board with the hyperbolic reactions in this thread , and generally pro- taking in more refugees , but the source and the translation are very credible . 
  i mean it 's a big article in the nrc - that 's pretty good coverage already . 
  there has been an increase in ` sex assaults ' in the netherlands ? 
  inciting violence is illegal in a lot of countries . 
  it makes sense , if it is n't taken too far in its interpretation by the police . 
  * edit : in this case , i 'm pretty sure they did cross a line . 
  i 'm not defending the police here , just the principle of making actual incitement of violence illegal . 
   as far as i am concerned , 12 is probably too soon . 
  probably ? 
  you think ? 
  and aoc laws do n't protect children , they hurt them by not allowing them t have sex with adults ? 
  how old are you , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  but surely in all their years of writing english , they would of been corrected once and realized how stupid their mistake was , and remember from then on ? 
  because it really makes no sense at all, 
  wilders is an interesting mixed bag of policies , but the ones he has always been loudest and most consistent about are his anti immigrant , and anti islam stances . 
  and yes , he 's been very extreme about it . 
  do n't trust r europe, 
  students at my sa university often organized protests against israeli occupation , and you 'll find that a lot of sa anti-apartheid activists do n't shy away from using the term to describe israeli actions . 
  interestingly , israel was about the only staunch apartheid sa ally . 
  all i see is petty nationalist nonsense . 
  what do paintings or the flight have to do with an agreement that would most likely be mutually beneficial ? 
  just admit that the referendum is simply about sending a vague angry message to the hague, 
  it 's sad that they 've turned this agreement into a referendum on internal affairs . . as you can see , it has made it very difficult for some dutch people to view it objectively anymore . 
  the good news is that it wo n't affect anything . 
  yeah and last time they did n't even provide cabinet members . 
  this time with pvv as number one , they 'd have to give wilders the pm ship . 
  not a chance, 
  the problem is that if the pvv becomes number one , they wo n't settle for anything less than wilders as pm . 
  that 's not something any party would accept ; it 'd be political suicide . 
  i wish it were true, 
  but they need a majority anyway . 
  the problem is that parties like the pvv are supported heavily by 30 % or so , and opposed just as vigorously by the other 70 % , whereas parties like d66 and cda are far less polarizing . 
  you would n't be representative if you forced wilders to be pm, 
  so dutch people . 
  it 's pretty ridiculous that we still call them immigrants and moroccans if you think about it . 
  that 's true . 
  and a bit of patriotism bleeds in , too , i suppose . 
  i 'm not surprised he 's popular , but 70 % net is almost unheard of , and he 's definitely not without controversy at home . 
  since the elections , his party has lost or underperformed in a few local and regional elections , and i 'd expect the non-hindu minorities and pro-secular indians to say ` somewhat unfavourable ' . 
  his net approval is something like 50 % . 
  again , that 's very high and higher than i expected , but net 70 % is almost north korean levels of approval . 
  [ it 's just such an outlier ] ( http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/obama_favorableunfavorable-643.html ), 
  funny how iran and saudi absolutely hate each other , but bangladesh loves them both immensely . 
  and modi at net +70 in india ? 
  obama +12 in us ? 
  some quite unexpected domestic ones . 
  also , how come the us has obama at +12 ? 
  he has n't had ratings that high since 2009 . 
   it would probably be positive for most of the west eu countries , but it would be very dangerous and worrying for the baltic and balkans . 
  if eu and nato members were threatened by russia , how would that be a good thing for any of the other eu members ? 
  western or not ? 
   models will have to provide employers with a doctor 's certificate confirming that `` the state of health of the model , assessed with regard to her body mass index ( bmi ) , is compatible with the exercise of her profession '' so , presumably they would if the doctor really did assess that their under - or overweight affected the state of their health . 
  for sure , and understandably , the law was n't crafted with obese models in mind . 
  i do n't really understand why people in this discussion are having such a hard time understanding the point of the law and its origins . 
  i think the us is a bit of an outlier . 
  this is n't happening in the us anyway . 
  that 's what it does , though, 
   there are no good statistics on the economic background of the refugees . 
  but many , like mr ali and the brothers in tripoli , are middle-class by syrian standards -- after all , they have to find the $ 2,500 or so the smugglers demand . 
  according to swedish figures , 40 % of syrians arriving there have upper-secondary education or higher , compared with , say , 20 % of afghans . 
  many who are leaving had flats and jobs . 
  even were they safe , after four years of war many syrians want a better standard of living , and education for themselves or their children . 
  from [ the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/middle-east-and-africa/21667953-who-leaving-europe-and-why-time-go ) . 
  it matches my , obviously anecdotal , experience with refugees in the netherlands .
