well , in that case . 
  start setting up the landmines !, 
  yeah , fucking hypocritical lefties with landmines in their gardens trying to tell us we should n't violate human rights on a massive scale . . 
  so we just need to slaughter a few refugees , and hopefull\u00fd then they 'll stop trying ? 
  i doubt it . 
  remember , many of those who crossed the mediterannean were quite aware of the huge risk of drowning , but they did it anyway . 
  yeah , i rather have more immigrants than live behind a huge fortified wall with guards who shoot people on sight . 
  on the other hand , anti-immigration parties usually do really well in areas where there are basically no immigrants as well . 
  take [ this swiss referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_immigration_referendum,_february_2014 ) , for instance . 
  rural areas and isolated cities with very few immigrants voted in favour , whereas the cities with more immigrants ( who still clearly make up a small minority ) all voted strongly against . 
  i 'm sure turkey would love that, 
  seriously . . 
  i 'm so sick of explaining this . 
  anybody who has dealt with the system or uses common sense knows this, 
  not really that common . 
  if a country has a conflict but also peaceful zones , people generally fail at getting asylum , e.g. 
  nigerians or sudanese generally get rejected unless they can prove they are politically targeted . 
  what ? 
  why , ? 
  redistribution seems like the only solution, 
  the real oddity is that ` van de ( n ) berg ' = ` of the mountain ' is apparently a more common surname than either in the netherlands . 
  but is it an occupational surname ? 
  yeah , wtf ? 
  yugoslavia was one of the founding members of the non-aligned movement . 
  they certainly were n't occupied by the soviets . 
  i think we can handle 0.3 % of our population being non-white without our ` ecology ' completely collapsing . 
  i guess i do n't really care more for the people in my country than i do for the people outside it . 
  but hey , nationalism is a powerful drug . 
  fuck me , people are judgmental . 
  i hope you do n't feel like people in nl are constantly thinking this about you, 
  i agree , there are far more important things than a better economy . 
  which is why welcoming refugees is the right thing to do . 
  there are a lot of syrian refugees in iraq . 
  and many refugees do n't go through either country to get to europe, 
  / r/stormfront is a pretty nice sub , actually, 
  you really think greece , hungary , romania , etc. 
  are culturally more welcoming than sweden ? 
  i think you mean jordan , not yemen . 
  yes , that 's a great example of the way economics does n't work, 
  yet clinton only beats him by 2 points in the latest head to head polls . . 
  nsfw, 
  economics is clearly seen as a zero-sum game to most people . 
  yeah that 's not how it goes . 
  what does that have to do with what i said ? 
  are you a bot ? 
  also language analysis experts can tell if the accent/dialect makes sense with their story . 
  think about how hard it is to fake a regional accent from your country , and how easy it is to tell people from different regions apart by their dialect . 
  i 've seen the process up close , and marriage licenses are required . 
  most syrians do actually have a lot of documentation, 
  alright . 
  that 's an easy way to not register any of my other remarks . 
  the point is that if you refuse to let anyone in our out of those cities , which you suggest , you are limiting their freedom . 
  not much of a stretch to call it a form of imprisonment, 
  not exactly comparable , and not exactly commendable either . 
  there are serious issues with the treatment of migrants there , and most importantly , it 's an island continent which does n't share land borders with a country at war . . 
  i wo n't argue further about the feasibility of forced building of refugee-prison cities on sovereign foreign soil . 
  it 's just not going to happen . 
  about the refugees leaving when syria stabilizes - it 's not like europe has n't gone through this before : we housed a very large number of balkan refugees in the mid - to late-1990ies . 
  some of them have remained , but the vast majority has been repatriated . 
  forced or otherwise . 
  and it 's also not like this has n't been done before in other countries : just read up on the history of refugee movements in the great lakes area in africa , for instance . 
  syrian refugees ' visas will be revoked the moment they are no longer considered refugees . 
  the idea that there is some sort of silver bullet solution is exactly what makes it such a naive idea . 
  we are dealing with a protracted , internationalized civil war with no end in sight . 
  of course the conflict is going to continue to spill over into neighbouring regions . 
  that does n't mean that there are n't improvements that could be made in the european approach towards the war and the refugee crisis . 
  but good luck building entirely new cities in the territories where the refugee camps currently exist . 
  do you think turkey , lebanon , and jordan are on board with this idea ? 
  because that 's where most displaced people currently reside . 
  and since we are talking about millions of people , these walled-off , constantly guarded utopian prison cities on the sovereign soil of unwilling countries will need electricity , water , markets , schools , universities , hospitals , mental , child , and elderly care facilities , etc. 
  who is going to pay for all that ? 
  do you really think setting up a series of isolated cities from scratch is more efficient than absorbing these people temporarily into societies that already have these facilities ? 
  it will put a bit of a strain on europe , but at the same time , europe is facing a demographic crisis , and many of the refugees from syria that make it to the continent are actually young , relatively educated , and very thankful for the chance to go back to a stable environment where they can work and provide for their families . 
  if done right , as the economist [ reported ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21662547-bigger-welcome-mat-would-be-europes-own-interest-let-them-and-let-them-earn?spc=scode&amp;spv=xm&amp;ah=9d7f7ab945510a56fa6d37c30b6f1709 ) this week , a well-managed welcoming response to the syrians could even be mutually beneficial . 
  true . 
  which is why i said ` all day ' instead of ` ever ' . 
  the complaints about the predominantly male gender of the refugees are interesting to me . 
  i think it makes a lot of sense that they are the majority , but most people seem to forget that ` battle-age ' men are simply overwhelmingly more likely to be victimized or conscripted in any conflict . 
  the killing and rapes of women and children are , understandably , overreported , but to the point where the murder of innocent young men in syria simply does n't register as news . 
  is , assad , and the european citizenry see young muslim men as a major threat by default . 
  it 's time to start setting things from their perspective and realizing that the vast majority of young syrian men fleeing the conflict zone do so because they are the most likely group of people to be at risk . 
  exactly, 
  that might be the most naive and useless solution i 've read all day, 
  where ? 
  where would you build cities like this and with what money and territory ? 
  you are severely underestimating the extent of the problem . 
  this is a solution that is utterly unviable, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  where would they build these prison cities ? 
  are you forgetting that we are talking about millions of displaced people ? 
  they 're basically saying : just build another country - somewhere , somehow . 
  no education for the children , healthcare for the sick , and jobs for everyone else of course . 
  just ` house ' them indefinitely somewhere in the middle of nowhere . 
  true . 
  they 're pretty nuanced as usual . 
  but it 's definitely the exception . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  and this is from a leftist newspaper , no less . 
  everything i 've heard on the dutch media is just this less than useless stereotyping of the whole situation . 
  i think this impact of the media --  voters --  politicians --  negotiators is a very big part of why the situation is the way it is today ; blindly ideological , myopic , irrational demands to ` punish ' the greeks instead of actually trying to come up with a solution that would solve the economic crisis .
