  a very large proportion of syrians can speak some english , and many are near fluent . 
   are n't only 25 % of these immigrants actual refugees ? 
  what immigrants ? 
   have international human rights organizations go into the camps in turkey and lebanon with better funding so the refugees can have a higher quality of life and educations while they wait for their country to become safe . 
  i agree , but you 'd also have to admit that even with loads of funding , this goal can not be easily achieved . 
  lebanon and turkey have long ago reached their capacity to absorb any more refugees , while there is plenty of space in europe to absorb more immigrants . 
   we can and should help these refugees but we should not sacrifice the happiness and safety of our own citizens to do it and i think there is a middle ground to be found if we look . 
  i 'm not really sure how we are sacrificing those things . 
  do you really believe isis is attacking paris because we let in refugees ? 
  it seems more likely that they are targeting france because they are part of the coalition attacking isis in syria , in the same way that they have attacked lebanese , russian , and turkish civilians . 
  well , to be fair , the syrians that we see ending up in europe are more often quite secular and well educated , compared to syrians displaced in syria or syrian refugees in the region . 
  and it 's quite a jump to go from saying that they are conservative to claiming that they are an serious threat to their host country , or terrorists . 
  just like anyone , the vast majority of syrians just want to have some semblance of safety for themselves and their family , employment and education for their children . 
  terror attacks on european soil can and will happen with or without countries hosting refugees , as long as large terrorist networks have the means and motivations to carry them out . 
  i 'm sure the dead civilians in the plane and the dead civilians in paris do n't really see a difference . 
  the point is , it 's pretty easy to organize a terrorist attack . 
  isis is n't going to stop organizing them if we close all our borders , even if it would somehow make it marginally more difficult to get into western europe . 
  you think an organization with billions of euros of hard cash and thousands of willing jihadi 's is going to care about stricter border controls ? 
  the only people hurt , once again , are those with limited means actually fleeing the terrorists . 
  yeah , so what ? 
  he 's obviously being a hypocrite , because he 's part of the reason why his citizens have been living in a hellhole , but i do n't think anyone would disagree with it . 
  am i supposed to take back my point because a dictator happens to have said something similar , or are you trying to back me up ? 
  what is your point ? 
  you 're missing the point . 
  isis did n't need to drive hundreds of thousands of refugees to russia in order to hide some terrorists among the fleeing masses in order to attack russian civilians . 
  they 'll always find a way to attack people as long as their organization is intact . 
  it does n't make sense to think that it 's the refugees that are somehow the cause of terrorism - they 're a symptom . 
  yes . 
  obviously that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  you are very perceptive . 
  russia has n't let many refugees in , but isis targeted and killed a plane load full of russians just recently . 
  not letting in refugees is not a solution , it 's just a callous knee jerk reaction . 
  the point is that this kind of attack that happened in paris is happening on a daily basis in syria . 
  of course they can get to a country without speaking the syrian dialect , but they wo n't get refugee status . 
  the vast majority are going to be british , at least . 
  i 'm just quoting the article . 
  also , i think it 's fair to say that a lot of people born in england are english, 
  did you read the article ? 
   the rate of infection among uk-born londoners has risen , while among the non-uk-born it has fallen - and the report said it would be wrong to assume tb was a disease of migrants, 
  if you 're trying to suggest it 's islam , it does n't make sense . 
  a lot of the african countries with widespread fgm are christian , and the vast majority of muslims do not practice fgm . 
  fair point, 
  as if putin is even bombing isis . . 
  he 's only propping up assad, 
  there are almost 17m inhabitants in the netherlands, 
  i was wondering what had happened here . . 
  it 's not the violent ones that flee ; it 's the ones that are the victims of the violent fucktards who leave their country, 
  it 's really not that unrealistic . 
  i live nearby similar towns and hear similar experiences all the time, 
  huh . 
  til . 
  interesting, 
  i think if scots is a separate language , gronings and limburgs should be , too . 
  have you ever stepped outside your own country for even a day ? 
  no room in the netherlands ? 
  we are so poor and destitute , we need to focus on our own struggling citizens first ? 
  come on . . we are one of the wealthiest countries on the planet . 
  of course we can make some room for a few unfortunate refugees . 
  if countries like tanzania and lebanon can find the space for many , many more people fleeing terror , so should we . 
  they can , but there is no government that is going to start dumping people in warzones because they commit crimes - whether they come from that area or not . 
  i do n't understand what 's wrong with locking them up , m9 . 
  they would n't get asylum , but they also ca n't send them back . 
  i have n't seen this with is fighters , but i know of a couple of eritrean soldiers who defected but were found to have committed torture . 
  they were n't offered refugee status , but they also ca n't be sent back, 
  and a person seeking asylum just because their country is ` unsafe ' wo n't get asylum . 
  there has to be a real fear of persecution, 
  i 'm sorry i 'm not sure what your fictional character is getting up to ; i 'm simply talking about the rule of law, 
  okay tough guy . 
  so you work for ind ? 
  i 've seen ind officers attempt this - courts always overrule them, 
  it 's as close to natural law as you 'll get , as it is a very firmly established principle of international law that you ca n't deport people to a situation where they are likely or certain to face death , torture , or persecution, 
  it 's illegal , unethical , and immoral . 
  i do n't see why a country should n't just imprison people instead of sending them into a warzone, 
  no you should n't . 
  if they have committed a crime , you can lock them up . 
  sending someone into a warzone or towards torture or certain death is not something a civilized country should be doing . 
  you ca n't just deny someone asylum based on something like this . 
  if their country/region if origin is unsafe , your ca n't send them back no matter what they do . 
  even if true , what does that have to do with corruption ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  potus has the ultimate authority to determine a nuclear strike . 
  there is a very short command structure . 
  who is going to ` throw him out ' ? 
  he 'd be the commander in chief, 
  very impressive for a non native speaker , i 'd say, 
  4 out of 5 voters still voted for a party that is n't afd . 
  that sounds excellent . 
  only the 100 % tax rate seems bizarre and completely counter productive, 
  polls are giving him a healthy lead over le pen in a second round . 
  smaller than macron 's hypothetical lead over le pen , but bigger than fillion 's . 
  and philosophy and political science of course, 
  that 's fair enough . 
  he certainly had a much greater impact on other social science fields , most of all sociology . 
  agreed , although that 's not saying much . 
  * crime and punishment * is a short and easy read compared to * capital * . 
  yeah , whatever you think of communism , capital remains a really momentous piece of economic literature , and marx was a brilliant academic, 
  you 're missing out, 
   moderate and friendly , haha he called mohamed a pedophile and ranted about the fifth column of islam infecting nl . 
  if that 's moderate , i do n't want to see extreme . 
  sure , but the link to grey wolves is pretty distant still , even if that 's the case .
