   denk ( akp/grey wolves ) that 's like saying pvv ( nsdap ) , there 's no links as far as i know , and i do n't like them at all . 
  put an epilepsy warning on that , jesus, 
  edgy little troll , you are, 
  they are pro nexit, 
  they were if you look at the national popular vote - clinton won by 2 % , average of polls showed her up by about 2-3 % , which is all that matters in the dutch elections , where we have proportional representation . 
   anti-eu . 
  disqualified . 
   anti-eu . 
  disqualified . 
  nobody was predicting trump would get 14 % of the vote ... 
  the polls were generally right , he just lucked out with the weird voting system they have over there . 
  nobody was predicting trump would get 14 % of the vote ... 
  the polls were generally right , he just lucked out with the weird voting system they have over there . 
  no that 's south africa, 
  he was passionate , but certainly kept his wits and did n't say anything crazy, 
   they 're not getting a v-pm title ( such as in 2007-2010 ) that 's wrong . 
  andre rouvoet was a vice-pm alongside wouter bos . 
  even minor coalition partners will provide a vice-pm , but they will be the ` junior vice-pm ' , meaning that they only become acting pm when the pm and senior vice are out of the country . 
   we 're a normal country with a single vice-pm . 
  it 's usually the leader of the second-largest party in the coalition . 
  no , that 's false . 
  just in the last decades , balkenende iv , kok i & ii , van agt ii , and den uyl had two vice-pms . 
  balkenende i & ii had three vice-pms . 
  both rutte cabinets only had 1 vice-pm because there was only 1 other coalition partner . 
   they might get 1 ( maaaybe even 2 ) seats , then implode over the next 4 years , never to be heard of again . 
  they 've been polling at around 2 seats pretty consistently , and polls do n't capture the turkish/moroccan-dutch votes very well at all . 
  i think they might well end up cementing themselves like the sgp - a small , ideologically strict party with a dedicated but very small base . 
   30.000 women in our country have had female circumcision , thats just under 10 % of all female muslims living here . 
  this has nothing to do with islam . 
  the vast majority of muslims in nl are turkish , moroccan , indonesian and ( javanese ) surinamers . 
  in none of those countries female circumcision is common at all , and there is nothing in islam that says women should be circumcised . 
  women in nl who have had fgm are either from somalia and sudan , in which case they are most likely muslim , or they are from ethiopia , eritrea , or west africa , in which case they are just as , or more likely to be christian as they are to be muslim . 
  it 's a cultural practice common in africa , not a religious one . 
   when i see a girl with a headscarf , the first think of is not : ` hey she might be cute ' but : ` muslim ! ', 
  personally i think it strips away the identity of a person sure , but it 's still up to her to dress however she wants . 
  i 'm sure girls who wear headscarves are perfectly aware that there are people like you who will reduce their identity to just ` muslim ' . 
  maybe they like signalling that identity . 
  is it very different from a girl who wears a hard rock band t-shirt , or a shirt with a political party logo/message ? 
   on the other hand i have no problems seeing a sikh walking the streets carrying his ceremonial dagger . 
  but maybe that 's because they do n't appear that much in the news committing atrocities ? 
  how often are girls wearing headscarves in the news for committing atrocities ? 
  you must be watching some very particular news sources . 
  this is literally half his election programme : the netherlands ours again !, 
  millions of dutch citizens have simply had enough of the islamization of our country . 
  enough of mass immigration and asylum , terror , violence and insecurity . 
  here is our plan : instead of financing the entire world and people we do n't want here , we 'll spend the money on ordinary dutch citizens . 
  this is what the pvv will do : 1 . 
  de-islamize the netherlands - zero asylum seekers and no immigrants anymore from islamic countries : close the borders - withdraw all asylum residence permits which have already been granted for specific periods , close the asylum centers - no islamic headscarves in public functions - prohibition of other islamic expressions which violate public order - preventive detention of radical muslims - denaturalization and expulsion of criminals with a dual nationality - jihadists who went to syria will not be allow to return to the netherlands - close all mosques and islamic schools , ban the koran if that ai n't islamophobic , i do n't know what is . 
  exactly . 
  the conclusion should be ` dehumanizing greed-driven guest worker programs have failed ' not ` multiculturalism has failed ' . 
  the latter essentializes cultures and considers certain people fundamentally incompatible , and the former acknowledges that process and class have a big impact on societies . 
  you eastern europeans would n't understand, 
  the vast , vast majority of canadians are immigrants ... 
  even just looking at foreign-born population , canada has more than most european countries at 20 % of the population . 
  you 're also simply wrong about singapore :  singapore is a multiracial and multicultural country with ethnic chinese ( 76.2 % of the citizen population ) , indigenous malays ( 15.0 % ) , and ethnic indians ( 7.4 % ) making up the majority of the population . 
  [ 2 ] there are also eurasians in singapore . 
  the most important reason is ** how ** the turks ( and moroccans ) got here in the first place . 
  in the 1960-70ies , there was a concerted effort , driven by dutch multinationals needing labor , to really ` import ' specifically the least educated among the turks and moroccans . 
  the government at the time simply assumed that would go back , and offered nothing in terms of integration tools , essentially promoting segregation and creating an immigrant underclass . 
  having a segregated immigrant underclass of illiterate or uneducated foreigners who are not recognized as full citizens until a generation or two later is the real reason why integration did n't happen smoothly . 
  obviously the second and third generations are going to be affected by the way their parents and grandparents came to the country . 
  that 's much more important than the fact that they are turkish . 
  in the us , there are lots of ( descendants of ) turkish immigrants who have totally blended into the country ( dr. oz for instance ) and feel no more of a connection to turkey than most other us immigrants do to theirs . 
  you can not ignore how the turks ( and moroccans ) got here in the first place . 
  in the 1960-70ies , there was a concerted effort , driven by dutch multinationals needing labor , to really ` import ' specifically the least educated among the turks and moroccans . 
  the government at the time simply assumed that would go back , and offered nothing in terms of integration tools , essentially promoting segregation and creating an immigrant underclass . 
  having a segregated immigrant underclass of illiterate or uneducated foreigners who are not recognized as full citizens until a generation or two later is the real reason why integration did n't happen smoothly . 
  obviously the second and third generations are going to be affected by the way their parents and grandparents came to the country . 
  look at canada or singapore as examples where multiculturalism works just fine , because segregation is actively prevented and immigration is aspirational instead of just economic . 
  that 's because the immigration process was entirely different . 
  i also have canadian-dutch family members who do n't speak dutch , and they went there as aspirational canadians . 
  the turks came here as ` guest workers ' recruited by multinationals to serve as temporary manual laborers . 
  they came here for the money , and were never welcomed as new dutch people , just as a useful underpaid underclass . 
  segregation was practically encouraged . 
  exactly . 
  it 's the guest worker program of attracting uneducated workers to serve as a temporary alien manual labor underclass that 's caused the issues , not the fact that they 're turks . 
  you can not ignore how the turks ( and moroccans ) got here in the first place . 
  in the 1960-70ies , there was a concerted effort , driven by dutch multinationals needing labor , to really ` import ' specifically the least educated among the turks and moroccans . 
  the government at the time simply assumed that would go back , and offered nothing in terms of integration tools , essentially promoting segregation and creating an immigrant underclass . 
  having a segregated immigrant underclass of illiterate or uneducated foreigners who are not recognized as full citizens until a generation or two later is the real reason why integration did n't happen smoothly . 
  ` we gave them everything ' is incredibly ignorant . 
  obviously the second and third generations are going to be affected by the way their parents and grandparents came to the country . 
  a bit more ? 
  come on mate, 
  i 'm not sure whether it 's left or right-wing , but it 's dumb anyway . 
  if they committed crimes , you should apprehend them at the border and make sure they are locked up , instead of letting them commit more mayhem , whether in syria or in germany . 
  i did n't mean to format it that way . 
  if you look at the source of my comment with res , you can see i copied it without editing . 
  apparently reddit just turns it into separate points . 
  but sure , forget his whole program , and let 's see which parties have the most in common with the pvv based on their actual voting record in parliament : http://watstemtwilders.nl/files/partijgedrag.png, 
  lol . 
  so you roll half of their entire programme and 100 % of their focus and priorities into 1 point and counter that with some populist after thoughts we all know he would drop , again , as soon as the elections are over ? 
  so you are saying that the charity is a front for personal enrichment and a way to fund their political campaigns ? 
  i 'd love to see some evidence, 
  de-islamize the netherlands - zero asylum seekers and no immigrants anymore from islamic countries : close the borders - withdraw all asylum residence permits which have already been granted for specific periods , close the asylum centers - no islamic headscarves in public functions - prohibition of other islamic expressions which violate public order - preventive detention of radical muslims - denaturalization and expulsion of criminals with a dual nationality - jihadists who went to syria will not be allow to return to the netherlands - close all mosques and islamic schools , ban the koran 2 . 
  the netherlands independent again . 
  leave the eu 3 . 
  direct democracy : a binding referendum , power to the citizens 4 . 
  completely abolish health care deductibles 5 . 
  lower housing fees 6 .
