  you called someone a teenager and said they were throwing out dank quotes . 
  that 's not exactly a great contribution to the discussion . 
  read up on the topic and put some effort into your argument and you 'll have your precious upvotes . 
   how it is that they 're able to deny the need for debt restructuring even now after the imf report was made public is beyond me . 
  is it incompetence , malice , ideology or something darker ? 
  it 's a combination of fundamental misunderstanding of economics and classic ingroup/outgroup dynamics compounded by bigotry , which is maintaining a very dangerous sentiment among the voters in the important non-greek eu countries , especially the western european ones . 
  all i ever hear in nl politics , media , and casual conversations is this narrative about how suffering and tightening belts is the solution to a depression brought on by laziness and incompetence , and how the greeks are just parasites trying to constantly take free money from ` us ' . 
  the economic ignorance is a result of widespread faulty basic assumptions about how macro-economics should work . 
  it 's very hard to shake the idea that it is just like your household finances . 
  the reality is counter-intuitive , which makes it very hard for politicians to argue against the rhetoric of populist politicians calling on greece to ` pay back our money ' . 
  add to this an undercurrent of bigotry , anchored in stereotypes of greeks and southern europeans being lazy and corrupt , and a political class of ambitious self-serving leaders who lack the courage to explain that the unpopular policy - to stop senseless austerity package and accept the economic reality - is the right way to go , and you have a situation where professional negotiators are given the task to score a number of points - make it look like the greeks do n't get off easily - and you get the situation we 're in now . 
  that , to me , explains the motivations of the eurogroup position . 
  in order to understand their irrationality and myopia , you have to understand that it 's a chain of individuals working for their own limited self-interested goals , and not a group of people having the best interest of the entirety of the eu at heart . 
  as for the imf , i believe that ideology is still the answer . 
  seriously . 
  what the fuck . 
  the depressing part is that this seems to be a very mainstream idea about what aid to africa entails to most voters . 
  i 'm somewhat optimistic about africa 's population . 
  in some of the wealthier , fast-paced african economies like nigeria birth rates are dropping fast , and the same is true for countries that invest heavily in women and young girls . 
  if the continent manages to keep up its economic growth at a strong pace , i think it 'll be much less of a disaster than everyone is making out . 
  and pretty much only eritreans actually have a high success rate when they apply for asylum . 
  the other successful applicants are probably either individually targeted by the state ( political opponents in the case of egypt , guinea ) , or end up receiving a temporary asylum based on human trafficking . 
  as you can see in the figures , though , they make up a tiny fraction of total asylum receivers . 
   i do n't know of any refugee group in modern history , which has returned to their country of origin . 
  i know this is n't really relevant to the current situation in europe , but millions of exiled rwandan refugees returned in the late 1990s . 
  first , between half a million and a million tutsi refugees from uganda , tanzania , and burundi returned to rwanda after the genocide in 1994 - many of these refugees had been living outside the country for decades . 
  then , more than two million hutus who had fled the tutsi rebels in 1994 to the drc and tanzania were voluntarily or forcefully repatriated between 1996 and today . 
  there are other examples within africa , but also closer to home ; a very large number of yugoslavian refugees who had settled in western europe have resettled in the new countries that formed after the war . 
   not some imaginary torture and persecution very few africans actually receive asylum , and those that do are largely from countries like eritrea , where they face very real torture and persecution . 
  income and birth rates are still negatively correlated . 
  i doubt someone in chad can better afford a child than someone in greece , but they are much more likely to have several . 
  there are a lot of african refugees in malta , who are probably poorer and less well educated , so you are getting an extremely skewed image there . 
  there are many qualified and educated african and asian labour migrants who could contribute to europe . 
  just fuck off back to / r/fatpeoplehate, 
  in nl , we have a 21 % general vat . 
  food items are taxed at a lower rate of 6 % , but clothing and other things get the full vat . 
  i 've always found it odd how we have a very progressive income tax system which is seen as fair , but then nobody seems to care too much about the extremely regressive and very high vat rates . 
  i know . . 
  i thought they 'd all left for / r/european , but i guess not . 
   the host country has no way of investigating . 
  then pretend to be from a persecuted group - no way of checking that either . 
  eritreans , for example , all get immediate asylum just because of the military service which applies to everyone . 
  this trick has been used for decades . 
  this is bullshit . 
  they have plenty of ways of investigating all of those things , and they certainly do . 
  if somebody does n't speak eritrean , speaks eritrean with an accent , is unable to describe in a very detailed manner what their village looks like , how they came to europe , and how they have been persecuted , asylum seekers face a very difficult and uncertain process . 
   the host country has no way of investigating . 
  then pretend to be from a persecuted group - no way of checking that either . 
  eritreans , for example , all get immediate asylum just because of the military service which applies to everyone . 
  this trick has been used for decades . 
  this is bullshit . 
  they have plenty of ways of investigating all of those things , and they certainly do . 
  if somebody does n't speak eritrean , speaks eritrean with an accent , is unable to describe in a very detailed manner what their village looks like , how they came to europe , and how they have been persecuted , asylum seekers face a very difficult and uncertain process . 
  i work with refugees in the netherlands , and this is definitely true . 
  in the case of disputed nationality , they will often go so far as order language testing , and the questions immigration officials ask will include very detailed descriptions of the routes traveled and details about their home/resident towns and families . 
  i hope you can clear up some of these blatant misconceptions about the process in these kinds of threads . 
  i 'm not sure if this is the case in all european countries , but in my country , the process is actually pretty strict . 
  immigration official ask very specific questions about religious beliefs , the extent of the persecution , where they 've lived , etc. 
  i 've read many files of people who have been refused asylum because their stories were not deemed credible , including recently one north korean refugee who claimed he was being persecuted because he 's a christian . 
  and even if they prove conclusively that boko haram , for instance , wants to kill them , 99 % of the time they will still be denied asylum because boko haram only controls a small part of nigeria , which means that they would still be safe in southern nigeria . 
  i hope you mean persecution :p, 
   economic immigrants spend their dying days on a welfare check and state pension . 
  the vast majority of economic immigrants are employed . 
  you 're talking as if the whole of sub-saharan africa is destined to be a completely hopeless hellhole forever . 
  population might be increasing rapidly , but gdp is growing even faster , and wars have declined just as rapidly over the past couple decades in the region . 
  dutch : 2/french frisians : between 5 and french/french, 
  i do n't do drugs , bud, 
  i 'd rather have more gypsies than more people like you, 
  you 'll find few pvda voters . 
  groenlinks and d66 make up about half , i reckon, 
  a vast majority of dutch voters is not in favor . 
  every opinion poll shows this, 
  who would you have voted for ? 
  what choice did they have ? 
  i did indeed . 
  thanks, 
  literally nobody deserves as much as any of these people on the map . 
  think about what you 're saying here . 
  why would they be worth thousands of times * more than their workers ? 
  i do n't know if that 's really being behind anyone . 
  a quarter billion is still an obscene amount of wealth . 
   the state sadly needed them to function we 've seen what happens if you do a full crackdown on professionals from overthrown horrible regimes in us-occupied iraq post-deba ` athification . 
  if it is , then why do we need to put them in africa at all ? 
  why not just throw the money at them here ? 
  it 's not a problem you can just throw money at . 
  i 'm saying they are already swamped , right now . 
  not only are they supporting more refugees in total and per capita ; they also have way fewer resources to take care of them , and the refugees they do get are less well-educated and well-off than the ones that make their way to europe . 
  it 's because stable african countries already have their own refugee crises to contend with . 
  you 're saying this as if there are no refugee camps in africa already . . 
  there are way more refugees from unstable african countries in stable african countries than there are in europe . 
  tanzania , kenya , ethiopia , rwanda , south africa , - they all already take in refugees from somalia , eritrea , burundi , zimbabwe , etc. 
  in huge numbers . 
  it 's just not reported on because it 's not interesting to first world citizens to see that third world countries have yet another major ongoing crisis . 
  okay , then standing in front of a mob and telling people to go and murder jews and inciting a race war should be illegal , whether that involves vandalism or not . 
   do you expect them to stop because of that ? 
  would the nazis respect the law ? 
  if they do n't , they 'll go to prison . 
  you could say the same about any crime on the books . 
   the cops claim that is the crime and they just show up except they did n't, 
  you ca n't do that in the same way you ca n't say anything you do n't like is defamation , or murder . .
