  retirement age at 65 , indexation of supplementary pensions 7 . 
  no public money for development aid , windmills , art , innovation , broadcasting , etc. 
  rollback cuts in home care and elderly care , more hands on the bed 9 . 
  a lot of extra money for defense and police super centrist, 
  campaign = / = foundation, 
  that 's a charity , not the clinton campaign, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  do you really think money donated to the clinton foundation really went to the clinton campaign ? 
  that 's not what happened, 
  how so, 
  macedonian and greek ? 
  i think they 're referring to the color scale, 
   i hope i can find a girl like her who stays with me :( . 
  you will . 
  you sound like you are still young ; we all go through this . 
  that does n't make it any easier , but just put it in perspective if you can . 
  i would n't want to comment on your situation based on the little you 've written , but i think you know yourself when the relationship is over , and it 's best not to lie to yourself about it . 
  stay strong !, 
  do n't do anything you can not undo . 
   hillary got a percentage point more 2 % even, 
  from an outsider , my impression was that russia is worse in many ways, 
  right , but you mentioned  few other token parties with minimal support and some 1-2-3 seats so they will meet the threshold, 
  i never understand this idea of not voting for a small party just because they 're small . 
  if they 're better , vote for them . 
  otherwise it just ends up being a self-fulfilling prophecy, 
  pechtold could only be the pm if he excludes the vvd and leads a d66/cda/gl / pvda/sp cabinet . 
  just has to convince the cda, 
  in south africa a party just needs 0.25 % of the vote for a seat, 
  yeah , but there 's no way d66 or cu would support a coalition with the pvv . 
  sgp and 50p would , for the right price . 
  but it does n't matter , because vvd and cda wo n't work with pvv, 
  it 'll be very hard to find a coalition without them , if they score about 15 seats and the pvv is excluded, 
  they 're not anti-eu . 
  they are more critical , but they do n't want to leave the eu or break it up, 
  i think gl wo n't join a right-centre coalition without pvda or sp , and neither would pvda . 
  korean is also fairly straightforward . 
  mandarin is impossible to read without intonation, 
  i like rukusunburuku, 
   and if murderers and rapists wanted to go to an active warzone where they get shot at by the military i 'd support them but you do n't know where they 'll go . 
  they can just as well orchestrate new attacks in europe . 
   prison populations can be great opportunities for jihadists to recruit new jihadists agreed ... 
  but then you just make sure they are isolated from the gen. pop . 
  and from each other , just like you would with the organized crime convicts, 
  yeah , this is one of the exceptional circumstances where the mother is syrian , speaks the syrian dialect and can prove she 's a christian from a specific place in syria . 
  wel is de moeder van jean geboren in aleppo en is de familie christelijk that 's why they were able to get in . 
  i will concede that there might be a few more syrians who have might have lived outside the most dangerous areas who can sneak in . 
  however , a refugee status can always be revoked , and it 's not the case that anyone from anywhere can just claim they 're syrians and get away with it . 
  you need to get out of the country more . 
  those are all ` champagne problems ' for 90 + % of people on this planet . 
  which i suppose then benefits these kinds of parties . 
  it 's a vicious cycle of hatred and fear, 
  he knows it 's impossible . 
  it 's all empty rhetoric, 
  i do n't know what you 're referring to, 
  do you really think closing all mosques , banning the quran , revoking the refugee status of thousands , and denaturalizing british citizens would help diminish terror , violence , and insecurity ? 
   in proportional representation , only metropolitan areas matter , predominantly on the coasts . 
  this is nonsense . 
  as in the country as a whole , in every single state , metropolitan areas outnumber rural areas , so the electoral college does n't diminish their power whatsoever . 
  if metropolitan voters were such homogenous automatons like you seem to think , politicians would still only campaign in cities , because it would win them the state and the ec . 
   in ec , sometimes rural voters swing it . 
  sometimes . 
  how , why , and when has this ever happened ? 
   and the coastal quip is to point how little of the nation is represented . 
  represented where ? 
  and do you really think the majority of americans live on the coast ? 
  they do n't . 
   and also those places are where food is grown , is not on the coast . 
  what ? 
  this does not explain at all why the ec would give power to rural voters , or why rural voters should matter more than urban voters . 
  and by ` coastal metropolitan areas ' do you include those in florida ? 
  what about all of the large metropolitan areas in texas ? 
  does ` coastal ' include chicago ? 
  what do the coasts have to do with any of this ? 
   we 're stupidly rich relative to countries outside of the western world . 
  which is the vast majority of the world . 
  compared to the western world , we 're just ` very rich ' . 
  there will always be room for improvement . 
  norway and singapore still have things they 'd like to improve . 
   they get one of our leniant sentences well it would still be less ` leniant ' than the alternative , which is setting them free . 
  also , you could simply propose harsher sentencing for jihad fighters instead , since we 're talking about proposals here . 
   the taxpayer is paying for his food/housing so you are against prisons in general ? 
  following this logic , you would set rapists and murderers free as well , since sentencing them would have the taxpayer paying for their food/housing . 
   having jihadists in your prisons goes bad for prison populations i do n't even know what this is supposed to mean, 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  the swing states are given more power in the electoral system , and many of them are more urban than the least swingy of states . 
  i thought we were talking about the pvv . 
  you 'll note that it 's not one of the bullet points i bolded . 
  i 'd rather see them apprehended at the border , arrested and convicted in nl than set free to return to their jihad , would n't you ? 
  this is exactly why they refuse to rule them out on principle ; they 'll go through the motions and repeat their inability/unwillingness to work together . 
  it 's a smart move . 
  nonsense . 
  i 've worked on the legal side with refugees , and i know what it takes to get refugee status . 
  it 's not easy . 
  it 's pretty much impossible to fake being a syrian or eritrean ( the two nationalities where you 'll get the status fairly easily ) because they do an extensive language analysis plus a whole interrogation about your hometown and your ` vluchtroute ' . 
  you ca n't learn how to speak fluent tigrinya or any of the syrian dialects and get away with it . 
  for all the other asylum seekers , you need to prove that you are being persecuted by the state , and the ind takes this very seriously as well . 
  it is true that many asylum seekers do n't get the refugee status and then fail to get deported , but those people end up as undocumented/illegal immigrants , who wo n't receive any benefits from the state . 
  if you have genuine contrary evidence , i 'd love to see it . 
  gl and d66 are too far apart on economic issues . 
  pvda and gl could easily merge , though , and they 'd still be the biggest party at this point .
