  i dont need opt invite actually , been looking for opx . 
  kind of ashamed i ca n't find the result myself though , i thought i was making the right steps :d, 
  edit : nevermind , it was only a computing mistake, 
  that 's why i did n't rush opening a support ticket and asked here first . 
  gon na try this when i come home , but you 're probably right . 
  it is n't really clear how it should go in and with the direction i went it felt just right actually . 
  i got it today also !, 
  the opx i mean . 
  and 0.50 $ in the eu lol, 
  i won a brawl warrior vs mage with opening only one crate , which gave me pyroblast - which happened to be a winning condition . 
  it is, 
  thanks a lot for using my strategy as a part of explanation . 
  appreciate it !, 
  i am sure there are better regexps , will check them in the solution thread now . 
  can you suggest any red scared themes movies ? 
  remind me , where the robot from the 13th photo is from ( not the c3po ) ? 
  enjoy your phone : ), 
  it is, 
  if this was a scene from a movie , it would be marked as completely unplausible . 
  i found it funny how easily visible it was that it runs a bit fast . 
  at first i was like what , why are n't pictures taken exactly at the same second of a minute . 
  great watch though !, 
  what does it mean to be hotboxing somewhere ? 
  ( not a native speaker ), 
  thanks man , this is what i thought . 
  we call it like `` creating a comora chamber '' over here . 
  i 'd love to have this in wallpaper resolution , anyone ? 
  ! remind me 7 days, 
  almost surely not, 
  at the current price , i 'd consider nexus 5x also . 
  they are similiar in more ways , but nexus gets regular and speedy updates , directly from google . 
  yeah sure , depends on the user and what he wants from the phone . 
  have to say though , amoled display on x is really nice and light on battery . 
  exactly the same thing happened to me a month ago, 
  after a week of rice therapy the phone works like a charm, 
  superb cover, 
  how much do i profit by flashing this over official cm13 ( nightly ) ? 
  should n't underclocking the cpu have a negative effect on responsiveness , not the other way around ? 
  asus file manager is by far the best i 've ever seen too . 
  i recommend it heavily . 
  though when it comes to launchers it 's simply too attached to nova launcher . 
  deep learning, 
  this video contains content from [ merlin ] finetunes , who has blocked it on copyright grounds . 
  it 's not, 
  i have n't done this in a while , but here is a searching direction for you . 
  the software you are gon na use is [ easybcd ] ( http://neosmart.net/easybcd/ ) . 
  google out how to configure it to get the boot option of ubuntu/eos . 
  cool post , well written and the idea behind seems like a lovely one . 
  seeing your r code though , maybe learn on using a simple ` for loop ' for tasks like that . 
  tom misch is the man, 
  i use hd598 for listening to almost everything and techno sounds amazing as well . 
  own a lower end closed headphones too , cant say the same for them , but you know ... lower end . 
  i still seem to prefer open type though . 
  maybe check out this set of a local producer , i love to listen to it throughout the day, 
  i use a fairly cheap dac with an addition to a laptop . 
  there certainly is something missing in the lower section , but overall i 'd say i 'm satisfied with the output . 
  though you should probably take my opinion with a grain of salt , i am no sound engineer . 
  start with the caret package, 
  thanks , did that now . 
  yes , thanks a lot !, 
  so far it looks fixed indeed, 
  im sure, 
  well , why do n't you try out for yourself ? 
  i 'd say it 's one of the best out there , though i use nova as well, 
  the financial help from eu for germany is 380 $ and there might be some help from the irish gov too . 
  that 's the case in slovenia , the bottom line is around 450 $ of monthly income when going to germany . 
  source : going to konstanz in sept, 
  how do you get your shibe to swim ? 
  ours slowly approaches the water , licks it a bit and runs scared of the salty taste d :, 
  lake aint salty though, 
  give it some time, 
  hoping for friday 's no sleep stage sets !, 
  lookin gud, 
  i like my sultan 's cm13 better anyway, 
  great mix !, 
  i was lucky to see antigone at the exit festival this year , he killed it . 
  for me much better energy than klock before him, 
  the misalignment of the google icon is killing me, 
  this video was one of the main reasons i started using eos . 
  even though the information in it are kind of bullshit . 
  plus one on that . 
  i feel like there will be a lot of competition to participate . 
  i like to use r + rmarkdown, 
  writing reports is really simple , and i like to use r in general, 
  it depends strongly on the university , which level they require and how are you allowed to prove it . 
  not always an official certificate is needed . 
  also , if your language of lectures is not english , then you need to prove the knowledge of that language, 
  it looks cool to play on , you know , the bus . 
  yeah , i used this with buckys tutorials on yt as well . 
  one intensive week later , it felt i have good understanding of basic concepts and could use them properly in an assignment a company gave me as a test . 
  i also didnt know about object oriented programming though , so i had to grab that as well at the same time . 
  i would love to try as well , 
  awesome guide , i love control warrior too and found a lot of interesting points in here . 
  can you send me a pm with your bnet id , so i can spectate you a little bit and ask a few questions that might pop up ( i am a fairly recreational player ) ? 
  also , i think it really helps that you 're a native speaker , proper idea formulation and presentation makes a lot of subtle differences . 
  cheers !, 
  i miss my little fox . 
  im currently on study exchange and do n't see her very much of course , but the first snow is always special . 
  i hope it waits one month or so , till i come home for christmas . 
  cool story !,
