  is there a place in mma to chill , smoke and talk a bit ( like in berghain for example ) , or just dancefloor ( s ) ? 
  cool !, 
  will send you details when the event is closer . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , cool . 
  expect to hear from me then , 
  cool !, 
  and yeah , will do !, 
  cool , will send !, 
  sure , sounds great !, 
  dont overthink this . 
  ols is meant to compare your pre - and after erasmus language knowledge and as you put it , kind if loses its meaning . 
  if youre worried about the result ( e.g. 
  you gon na prove your knowledge with it as i did ) , there is no time limit and someone can help you lol . 
  then again , it is fairly easy . 
  want to try too !, 
  thanks . 
  this, 
  reference : surgeon , legowelt , karenn, 
  hmm , i 've imported the theme into klwp , but none of the controls work ( swiping left , right , music bar and hamburger menu ) . 
  should this work directly or am i missing something here ? 
  actually , wallpaper sliding was off in nova settings . 
  now it works , 
  the christmas present we all needed, 
  financial mathematics obviously ? 
  it 's the prime study choice for becoming a quant , if you have it possible at your uni . 
  same , hd598 . 
  very satisfied , open  close anytime . 
  read about different cultures on wiki and sign up for the language course . 
  stay at home . 
  while cs is a good study , i dont ' t know how much it gives advantage over econ or finance . 
  programming part of algotrading is super easy usually , in my opinion you would benefit more from understanding the data better and having an economic intuition . 
  and i believe you gon na end up learning the basics of programming ( especially data handling and stuff ) in stats anyway . 
  can you actually explain further what do you mean by the science of computation and how does it come useful here ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  thanks , this is a really good answer !, 
  and good idea yeah , i 've felt the same for months too . 
  scandinavia , social life , easy to meet girls, 
  hmm , just go elsewhere yeah ? 
  i have the same grinder , beauty . 
  yes , go to ljubljana . 
  also happens to me . 
  not used to this from windows or elementaryos i was using before mint ( which i am new to ) . 
  does not bother me that much , did not even think of it as an `` issue '' . 
  i do n't know about the administration that much , but you might find yourself in trouble finding a program in english , especially on the undergraduate ( bachelor 's ) level . 
  economics and some other popular choices maybe , but everything else ... 
  beautiful , thank you . 
  pozdrav s strani `` fmfjevca '' !, 
  predicting the future on roulette ? 
  it 's a markovian process lol . 
  stop before you gamble your money away , seriously . 
  which rom ? 
  chilling just to think about it, 
  i bought aldi 's mobile services , 3 $ for sim and 10 $ for 1.5 gb per month . 
  good deal in my opinion , but you change the number of course . 
  not that big of a problem though , a lot of people use whatsapp/fbmessenger and you get through with data connection only . 
  it could get really expensive to get in touch through your old number anyway ( especially if you 're living outside eu now ) . 
  so , my advice is - stick to facebook/e-mails/skype for that . 
  or bring a second phone just for sms/calls on your old number . 
  i did that , but literally never used it . 
  one additional thing i remembered - ask the local guys about the best signal in your area , when you will be choosing providers . 
  i believe prices are there-there , so the signal strength is how you decide on the provider . 
  this is the correct answer !, 
  seems well done , it 's gon na get useful for me really soon , as i plan on doing something similar in the near future . 
  thanks !, 
  and of course always lovely to see a fellow r user out there . 
  the best driving techno set heard in a while . 
  one for the books definetly . 
  i think it 's funny how every dog has a different game to sitting in a lap . 
  the first one is super chill about it . 
  cool idea !, 
  got me inspired to have a go myself . 
  yeah i found this a couple weeks ago . 
  you ca n't buy the bezel there anymore cause it 's out of stock !, 
  v\u0161e\u010d mi je to razmi\u0161ljanje , expand your mind v vseh pogledih, 
  same here , dope song, 
  well , if you made a good arma model , then there should be no serial autocorrelation in your error term ( eps_t ) anymore , since you explained all the variability with the model . 
  if you have autocorrelation on lags more than the specification of your model , then maybe think about a higher order arma . 
  check simpax, 
  machine learning algorithms , especially those that can solve classification problems . 
  start with logistic regression and move up to more sofisticated models ( randomforest , nnet , ... ) after . 
  get to know what a roc curve is and how to utilize it , comes useful in churn problems , since usually target variable has non-even distribution . 
  i 'm not from uk , but right now doing an erasmus in germany . 
  about health insurance i 'm not sure , since eu students usually just have an european health insurance . 
  get yourself some information about what you have covered and decide if you need anything further . 
  call your insurance provider , they should know and be able to help you . 
  among german people there is also one other insurance , which is very popular . 
  it 's called third-party liability insurance , and it serves in a case where you would injure or somehow else make a negative impact on a third party . 
  like injure someone while playing basketball , leave your oven on and start a fire , etc. 
  most of the erasmus people , however , did not take it , me included . 
  well , we have one advantage over people in medical industry - we can simply try different approaches and see what works and what does n't . 
  some remarks :, 
  * discrete vs. cont - there is n't such big of a difference as you might think . 
  usually when doing a classification problem in ml , you are not only interested in the prediction itself , but the assigned probability of the prediction being correct ( most ml algorithms are capable of doing that ) . 
  hence , you get the cont . 
  value nontheless . 
  * timeframe - depend on what kind of investor are you , and how often you want to reshuffle your portfolio . 
  i 'd strongly recommend a lower resolution , as in the high-frequency returns there is in my opinion too much noise to be able to predict anything using ml . 
  maybe something like weekly/monthly could be able to work . 
  * predicting volatility and other factors - i think this should be a part of your feature set already .
