  also , w7 ran fine on that machine . 
  sharpe ratio, 
  maximum drawdown, 
  he looks happier without . 
  yes , that is exactly why i 'm in doubt . 
  what is your opinion though on using leeroy as finisher ( and in some way a gromm substution ) , and adding alex for extra control ? 
  i actually did remove spellbreaker for one ghoul , but taskmasters are just too versatile to be removed ( my opinion ) . 
  will think of improving the deck further after adding another legendary , maybe i can switch one ghoul for some other card . 
  crafting druid class epics , when i dont even like the playstyle of his . 
  these file browser just dont work for me ( cant find any options to connect to a network share ), 
  will try moliplayer tho , thanks, 
  good job , though evk is also nice to have in a miracle rogue . 
  leeroy a must on the other side . 
  you should actually think before making a 1600 dust comitement . 
  just cos miracle is not the best ( really average ) deck now , though is fun . . 
  lol yeah , seconds after submitting the post i was asking myself whether i made a mistake . 
  it was late anyway so i just went with it . 
  i used to put in equations and functions during tests and just copy the graph or the solution from my smartphone . 
  though it sounds bad , i actually got enthusiasm for mathematics because of wolfram alpha , it made everything always so clear . 
  i cant tell what are you trying to tell , but priest has one of the strongest decks at the moment . 
  reminds me of a certain worms 2 video :, 
  murloc drooid probably the best . 
  boards of canada maybe ? 
  opponent wins . 
  runs pretty badly on ipad2 , your friend is right . 
  glad to hear that . 
  for me their last year 's album was one of the best , if not the best , in 2013 . 
  i agree it is awesome , though i like swim , which is a bit more indie-ish , a bit more . 
  yep, 
  cool, 
  congratulations from me as well . 
  here 's to never having to wear a beard again !, 
  * clinging sounds *, 
  thanks a lot man , great wall . 
  since i only change those on a couple of months i think i just found the one !, 
  same problem here, 
  so gud, 
  i did this once and then forgot to bring it in . 
  never again . 
  florence + the machine - kiss with a fist , just perfect setting, 
  in your opinion , what are the main advantages of composing electronic music compared to non-electronic music ? 
  what are the downsides of it ? 
  hey i am new to this subreddit . 
  i hope it 's not too of a blasphemy for you guys , but can you give any advice on where could i obtain rolex replicas online ? 
  i really fell in love with the rolex daytona , but unfortunately i do n't nearly have that kind of money . 
  what do you have for me ? 
  never assumed your watches are n't authentic though !, 
  yeah , from a watch enthusiast ' point of view i know is totally unacceptable to think about buying a replica . 
  i am not so much into watches though , for the last three years i 've been wearing [ this ] ( http://i218.photobucket.com/albums/cc217/magipipes/v82009.jpg ) . 
  i 'm thinking about refreshing my wrists lately , not so sure in which direction to go . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  i do n't speak spanish and found it hillarious . 
  kind of dissapointed now that i know the point . 
  i also never cared much about watches , then got a tissot v8 for my 20th birthday . 
  hb kid , have an extra beer on me . 
  great mix, 
  spotify doesnt work in my country . 
  i would be very much interested in listening to this , care to reupload ? 
  nice watch , can you tell the exact model please ? 
  download the time-series with get.hist.quote function . 
  use mean ( ts ) and median ( ts ) functions, 
  i 've been living 20km from ljubljana ( slovenia 's capital ) for my whole life and studying in lj for 8 years now . 
  you can easily find info on costs of living here online ( [ link ! ] ( http://tinyurl.com/p557zcu ) ) . 
  pretty accurate , apart from rent costs which i think are little lower in reality . 
  however , i do n't know for sure cause i 've never had to rent , but only know from what i hear . 
  do n't know how and where are erasmus students being placed though . 
  feel free to ask any questions . 
  and on what you 've already asked , i am sure ljubljana is one of the safest cities in europe ( with cca 300k people living here ) and with respectable uni too . 
  what is your field of study anyway ? 
  from what i see there is a lot of exchange students here troughout the whole year , personally mostly meeting them during nightlife . 
  and about that , you will find enough going on during evening/nights , especially on weekends . 
  quite a bit of an alternative culture happening too ( google - metelkova city / club k4 / tovarna rog ) , if that is more your speed . 
  are you generally happy with your life, 
  [ vanilla - soft focus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmhx6dvxl8y ), 
  [ todd terje - it 's the arps ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebjxsc0ujdq ), 
  [ boards of canada - tomorrow 's harvest ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vp8zbt-vhra&amp;list=plzqsybiyzfq1sdoe-ulm6qlpt7jetkemh ), 
  [ devendra banhart - mala ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh_otoqrraa ), 
  [ aphex twin - selected amb works ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw5airvqfqk ), 
  and that '70s as earl, 
  if report.reason = = `` unskilled player '' :, 
  pass, 
  try making a board game with tkinter module , and create an ai to play with you . 
  we had an assignment like this for our programming class and it was a lot of fun . 
  for someone who has just started using pandas ( and is used to r ) for the needs of timeseries analysis , this is great help . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  is this true for every edition of wd mybook series ? 
  because my version looks like this :, 
  well , i 've already said that connection to the computer is n't the issue , since the disk does n't show any sings of life when plugged into the electricity socket . 
  i 've also tried a second cable to make sure the cable is n't the issue either . 
  and for the second part , what you are saying is i can not connect the disk ( when put out of the casing ) through the sata cable , because that would require the disk to be reformatted first ? 
  what other ways to save the data are there then ? 
  maybe some data recovery software could work ? 
  the exact model can probably be found from this ( sorry about the large picture ) :, 
  well , the question is , can these data recovery softwares work around the hardware drive encryption ? 
  i will find it without problem , just need an advice if this is even a viable option ? 
  and data recovery companies cost a lot of money , so this is not a real option . 
  thanks anyway . 
  update !, 
  i 'm feeling a bit ashamed , since i 've found out this has all been a power-adapter problem .
