  volatility can be estimated using garch-type models or similar , check what econometricians are using most these days . 
  market regime is a tough problem though !, 
  overall , i 'd be a bit sceptical , if what you are trying to do makes any sense and maybe someone with more experience than me can give some insights . 
  anyways , good luck !, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  not really , when you look at two different series, 
  i was hyped to listen to it , but seems like he 's just stagnating on disco throughout . 
  not a fan . 
  you seem to know your stuff , please clear something for me . 
  do i , as a bald guy , get anything good from using a shampoo , or is regular soap effectively the same ? 
  hvala, 
  cinematography is beautiful in the series and more great shots could be shown . 
  this one , however , comes very early in the first episode , and promises more to come . 
  not this one , but similar indeed :(, 
  also not , maybe it 's more towards a stick figure kind of character also . 
  thanks anyway , appreciate it !, 
  wrong subreddit mos def , but check virginia, 
  well , she ai n't called the acid queen for no reason , is she, 
  hey folks . 
  i am a linux rookie so please mind that when suggesting solutions . 
  i have a freshly installed eos on my asus n550jv - with intel 's n 7260 wifi adapter . 
  problem is that i get no wifi networks recognized when clicking on a wifi drop down menu . 
  i tried putting the info in manually ( ssid + pass ) , but there is no ` connect ' button , only edit and delete . 
  wired connection is working normally . 
  i get no wifi-related stuff at the ` additional drivers ' section . 
  i 'm almost sure drivers are already installed in / lib/firmware , maybe i just need to load them or something . 
  any ideas ? 
  alright , here 's the story first . 
  me and my friends like to gather and play poker occasionally . 
  the idea is that everyone throws in a few bucks ( basically playing cards is not the focus of the event , we drink , smoke and chat a lot during the game ) , the one who comes in 2nd gets his buy-in back and the winner takes the rest of the pot . 
  the problem is , these games can last too long . 
  of course everyone would want to come in at least 2nd - and you can do that by simply folding a lot , even if you are low on chips ( raising blinds kinda counters that kind of tactics ) , plus when there is only 2/3 players left there is a lot of all-ining and folding to be going on , which can last one or more hours oftenly . 
  does anyone have any hold 'em playing system that works better with our situation , where we would want to focus on a friendly poker playing and not so much on earning money . 
  with new stable ubuntu version i am eager to try it out . 
  from your past experience with lts versions , any idea when will i be able to download it ? 
  release date listed is 17th april . 
  also , how much will the official lts version differ from the latest daily build [ here ] ( http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/daily-live/current/ ) ? 
  whats the slowest machine anyone got freya working solid enough on ? 
  i have an older pc here with an intel celeron 2.66 ghz and 2 gigs of ram and freya runs pretty terribly , will try luna - which i know reqs of - instead . 
  hi , so i 'm trying to play the control warrior , though i dont nearly have all the legendary cards needed to build it completely . 
  right now i run cairne , rag , sylvanas , kel ` thuzad and loatheb . 
  the rest of the cards is pretty standard ( deck list below anyway ) . 
  i also have leeroy . 
  i have enough dust to craft one more legendary and right now i want to improve this deck . 
  i ca n't decide between alextrasza and grommash . 
  first one can be used in some other decks , which is cool , but the second one feels like to be more important in the given deck . 
  what do ? 
  hey , i got a network drive ( linux samba ) running on my dd-wrt router and i would like to connect my lumia920 ( updated ) to it and run mp3 files from it . 
  google search did n't give any useful results , does anyone here maybe have some answers ? 
  thanks . 
  hey !, 
  i 've been working with r in the field of statistics , but i 'm gon na have to use python for some specific purposes with one assignment . 
  i know how to code python , but have some troubles with how to run the code . 
  i have n't really used python outside of uni , and we just used idle back then ( simple projects of course ) . 
  in r i work with npp ( with npptor ) and usually just run highlighted lines with ctrl + r , load the variables into workspace and do whatever i need to do . 
  is there an ide for python that would offer a mechanic like that ? 
  what kind of practice is usually used when using python professionally , do you always just source the full script ? 
  cause sounds like running a lot of unnecessary computations every time . 
  cheers . 
  so , suddenly my external wd disk is n't responding when plugging it into the electricity socket . 
  i 've even tried with two different adapters . 
  does anyone know or has experience with taking the disk out of the box and maybe try to plug it into the computer through a different method ( sata or something else maybe ? ) . 
  this happened at the exact moment when i wanted to make a second copy of my data on a given disk . 
  this is my post on stackoverflow , where my problems with the given algorithm are explained . 
  can anyone help with them pretty please ? 
  my configuration is as follows :, 
  -  ssd 250gb , two partitions ( one windows , one eos ), 
  -  hdd 750gb , storage partition, 
  how could i auto-mount the windows and the storage partition on startup . 
  would be great help because a lot of files i work with are on those two partitions and i always have to mount partitions manualy ( clicking on them in files ) to be able to work with . 
  i know there is some documentation available and can be found by google searching , but everything seems a bit too complicated for such simple task . 
  thanks !, 
  hey , i am waiting for my vostok amphibian watch off of zenitar ( [ link ] ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/120642236725 ) ) . 
  i would also like to buy a custom bezel for it , but i have only now find out , that not all bezels fit all amphibian cases . 
  does anyone know where to find custom bezel for this watch ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/stainless-steel-bezel-to-vostok-amphibian-watches-with-seiko-insert-bbb-it-/221780372688?pt=lh_defaultdomain_101&hash=item33a323ecd0 ) one or [ this ] ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/stainless-steel-bezel-to-vostok-amphibian-watches-with-seiko-insert-bps-it-/221831256184?pt=lh_defaultdomain_101&hash=item33a62c5878 ) one probably would not fit , am i correct ? 
  making conclusions out of the description info . 
  so i have a dual boot with windows8 .1 and freya using grub as a boot loader . 
  what can happen if i upgrade to win10 through their windows upgrade programme ? 
  has anyone yet tried to do so ? 
  can it be fixed if windows force their own boot loader ? 
  thanks . 
  so after casting blizzard the little imp apparently gets frozen but not killed . 
  with priest class arguably being one of the worst , which apparently isnt gon na change with tgt , i thought 8 mana mc might give it some edge against control decks . 
  thoughts ? 
  so as the title says , the charger that got with opx is n't working . 
  what to do ? 
  there is a lot said here on the shitty op support line , but i will probably contact them anyway . 
  can i expect them to send a new one ? 
  i am from eu so the cost of shipping the charger back to them would be high , would rather not do this . 
  thanks . 
  so i 'm trying to learn regular expressions , but day 5 part 2 simply isnt working for me . 
  i also tried http://regexr.com/ and all the test examples from the site work correctly . 
  here is my solution :, 
  ( double '' \\ \\ '' because of r syntax , single does not work ), 
  ( a string is nice when both conditions are true ) . 
  thanks a lot . 
  as the title says , can someone maybe recommend me some good , dark , raw , techno artists . 
  would say karenn really hits the spot for me . 
  so as the title says , my vostok amphibia which has been great for me since last august ( so still in warranty ) has simply stopped running .
