  apparently i was n't paying enough attention to it when trying the second power-adapter and moved on too fast . 
  so now you can help me further . 
  where can i buy only a power-adapter for my disk ? 
  i 've checked local online stores without success . 
  i am located in slovenia , europe . 
  order through ebay is possible , but prefer low shipping costs . 
  thanks . 
  superb user experience, 
  there are dozens of us, 
  dozens !, 
  use this, 
  in the future , use google reverse image search to find a larger resolution ( if exists ), 
  hey !, 
  i live 20km off ljubljana and study/work there almost every day . 
  you have any questions , fire away !, 
  my field of study is mathematics ( mathematics in finance to be more precise ) . 
  check out [ this post of mine ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/erasmus/comments/2sjfa0/help_on_choosing_the_countrysuniversities_to_go/cnq5t8h ) , where someone else was asking a different question , but might be useful for you too . 
  cheers !, 
  every account on reddit is a bot except you . 
  well , i have the same problem on a different notebook ( asus n550jv ) . 
  right after installing the eos the sound was working well , but without me doing or installing anything , after a random restart the sound is n't working anymore - at least on built-in notebook speakers , it still works on external speakers ( and yes , i 've tried switching the different input in sound settings ) . 
  it looks a bit like tyrion lannister, 
  can you describe further said `` mathematical models '' ? 
  i do some modelling in finance and would be eager to know which field do you pull your tricks from . 
  my bet is on differential equations though . 
  correlates negatively yeah, 
  i thought he was too, 
  thanks , ive managed to make it work using fstab related answer [ here ] ( http://askubuntu.com/questions/154180/how-to-mount-a-new-drive-on-startup ), 
  you all forgetting the fact she probably just did n't even check it out, 
  most people are telling you to do the rational , camera n stuff way , i beg to differ . 
  show them love , invite them for some coffee and say you want to keep good vibes between you , but also to get their truck be parked somewhere else . 
  steve ? 
  one thing not mentioned : [ lasagne library ] ( https://github.com/lasagne/lasagne ), 
  which i hear is the most user friendly library for dl in python and maybe good to check before theano, 
  nice one man . 
  i also have one of those . 
  bought by my father around 15 years ago , when i was a kid . 
  to put some context with it - it 's my first watch , given to me for my 20th birthday ( i am now 23 ^ and ^ a ^ half ) by my family . 
  i have been wearing it almost every day , everywhere . 
  it came with a steel strap , that i kind of grew tired of and decided to make a change . 
  we have been through a lot together , also visible on the housing of the watch . 
  the scar on the left side of the bezel is a result of me jumping over the hedges , that were just a bit too wide for drunk me to jump over . 
  broken rib eventually healed , watch did not . 
  you 're right . 
  nothing happened apart from windows getting upgraded . 
  i have installed winxp dozens of times and do not remember any music . 
  did xp even come with pre-installed audio drivers ? 
  i am still deciding where to go on erasmus exchange in the next year , main contenders being prague , krakow and konstanz . 
  field of study is financial mathematics , but i will be taking classes mostly from mathematics , computer science and maybe some from economy ( not very likely though ) . 
  may i ask what are your reasons to fall in love with prague , what made you decide to go study and even want to live there ? 
  ca n't see the logic behind little imp getting frozen really, 
  from my experience original vostok bracelet is downright terrible and needs to be changed asap . 
  i wear my amphibia on a nato instead . 
  it 's my first vostok and also my first automatic watch . 
  ordered from zenitar in mid july it took it 's time to arrive , but nonetheless it was a love at first sight . 
  before getting it i was thinking of getting a custom bezel ( pepsi/black ) , but now this just is n't the option anymore for me . 
  anyone else sharing the love for this vostok bezel ? 
  bezel and strap replacement on vostok amphibia series could not be easier i think . 
  i do n't have my own experience with replacing the bezel , but if you should check some youtube guides you will see it 's a piece of cake really . 
  you have to pick the right bezel insert for your amphibia case model though . 
  im still a student of financial mathematics , but have some experience from two projects , both from developing parts of trading algorithms . 
  first one i was looking into different stock portfolio optimization methods - diversification , risk modelling etc , and also did the programming of the interesting ones . 
  used quadratic programming and differential evolution to optimize different kinds of charaterictic functions . 
  framework was already pretty much constructed at my arrival to the project , had quite some work with integration of the optimization process though . 
  r was used as a programming language . 
  second project - the main idea was to predict which stocks are gon na be positive some time from now . 
  we used different popular machine learning techniques to do the predictions . 
  used r and python , some other coworkers used matlab as well . 
  both projects also required a lot of data manipulation work . 
  i remember seeing your first post thinking how beautiful that watch was . 
  and yeah , i think you made a mistake . 
  a nice leather strap would have been so much better in my opinion . 
  this nato really takes the focus away from the beautiful dial . 
  also , can you tell the exact model number of the watch please ? 
  with a very similiar deck i 've come to around rank 7 this season . 
  a friend of mine has come to rank 3 . 
  so yeah it 's possible even with all the secrets around . 
  beautiful . 
  and much , much better than the green nato . 
  oh my god , i want this so badly . 
  yeah it 's not just about the strap , it 's the nighthawk combination that makes it look almost perfect . 
  afraid the watch itself might be a bit too big for my taste though . 
  do a wallpaper version plspls, 
  oh my god . 
  want this . 
  i have one myself , beautiful watch !, 
  i wear mine on a nato lately , thinking about buying a leather strap for it too . 
  i can imagine them doing stimulant drugs like speed , just to keep them going late . 
  do n't know for sure though . 
  how do you call that kind of straps ? 
  works out of the box for me ( lumia920 ) . 
  windows phone 10 right now . 
  but i remember it working on win8 and 8.1 too i think . 
  yup , not shareable apparently :(, 
  ( am from eu ), 
  plspls, 
  yeah like that employer 's gon na call me, 
  meeeeee, 
  this invite can only be claimed by its original recipient , sorry !, 
  is it 1245.836,
