* future islands - in evening air, 
  * explosions in the sky - earth is not a cold , dead place, 
  cool runnings one of my fav . 
  movies as a child , his role in it was so positive ... rip john candy . 
  come on , kurt , what you 're doing here is wrong , and you know it !, 
  now if this is about you and me , let 's lay it all down now . 
  all right , sixteen years ago , i made the biggest mistake of my life : i cheated . 
  i was stupid . 
  i embarrassed myself , i embarrassed my country , my friends , my family , my teammates , and my coach . 
  hey , if it 's revenge you want , take it . 
  go ahead , disqualify me , banish me !, 
  do whatever you want , but do it to me !, 
  it was me who let you down , kurt !, 
  it was n't my guys !, 
  they 've done everything you 've asked of them !, 
  and they did it with all of you laughing in their face . 
  hey , it does n't matter tomorrow if they come in first or fiftieth . 
  those guys have earned the right to walk into that stadium and wave their nation 's flag . 
  that 's the single greatest honor an athlete can ever have . 
  that 's what the olympics are all about . 
  sixteen years ago i forgot that . 
  do n't you go and do the same . 
  what about inflation ? 
  which faculty/programme ? 
  lack of responsibility, 
  everything alright with `` democracy '' when you have mcd and enough tv channels to choose from . 
  well guess what , if people hadnt been buying those from ea , they wouldnt have been selling them, 
  you really think obama directly has anything to do with nsa scandal ? 
  you americans ... 
  i thought the title said `` retarded '' and was looking at the photo for 2min trying to find out . . oh well, 
  epic post . 
  epic . 
  wow , nice one . 
  looks too damn realistic . 
  if there is a better gif than this one i want to fucking see it, 
  i am batman, 
  negative players are queued up with each other , mind that, 
  some trivia on gramatik : his nickname comes from him selling the weed in the early days . 
  the green shit is sold in gramms here -  gramatik would mean `` someone who has the gramms '' . 
  i prefer talkie walkie , but moon safari definetly worth checking out, 
  depressing video . 
  depressing , ` cos too real . 
  oh my god , at the very same moment the rock lands , i felt quite strong earthquake wave here ( they are quite rare at this location , would say only one every few years ) . 
  dont need to mention i am still scared to death , that really was some next level shit . 
  one more q on my own : how do i check if my lumia920 has already been amber upgraded ? 
  just got it few days ago , there were some updates available right away , didnt know about amber at the time ... 
  i have a question on my own , please someone help . 
  first week after i bought my lumia920 i could normally install apps & games trough online app store on my pc . 
  suddenly it stopped working and i dont remember changing anything related in the options ( find my phone is on , location is also on ) . 
  the only helpful thing on ms support site is saying that i should turn these two things on . 
  i tried restarting my phone also , no success . 
  hey guys , how do i get installing apps trough online app store on my pc working again ? 
  such a cool mechanics , but stopped working suddenly and i cant figure out why . 
  `` find my phone '' switch is on , `` location '' switch also on , but still whenever i try installing an app trough my pc i just get emailed app store link . 
  why not ? 
  lovely creature . 
  oh my god . . 
  i have a shiba too , this feels so familiar, 
  from my experience - take her into your arms and carry her for 20 metres or so . . then she might decide to go explore further . 
  thanks , updating the kernel fixed my problem . 
  i had a 3.2 . x kernel running . 
  would have tried this before , but thought that updating the system through update manager and ` sudo apt-get update/upgrade ' is doing a complete update . 
  thanks , updating the kernel fixed it actually . 
  had a 3.2 . x running before . 
  these two events are connected for sure . . 
  anyone knows about any potential problems running this course ( and getting the certificate of course ( pun intended ) ) from any other country than us ? 
  i am from europe . 
  is that an asus n550jv ? 
  i have one myself, 
  i love it . 
  half tomatoes half green peppers . 
  yeah sure , since it 's probably gon na be under 1 gig , torrent system should be okay, 
  also , thanks, 
  2 azures and 1 manatide, 
  learn r instead . 
  syntax is kind of similiar to python 's , but is much better for statistical computing . 
  you can calculate a portolio sd like that : sqrt ( transpose ( w ) * covarm * w ), 
  `` covarm '' being a covariance matrix between stocks , `` w '' being weights of the stocks ( vector ) in the portfolio and '' * '' a vector-matrix product, 
  covariance matrix can be calculated from a `` returns matrix '' if you have stock price data should be easily calculable, 
  i study financial mathematics and we 've been learning r and python . 
  i also work for the company doing portfolio optimization where i only use r , because it has a lot of libraries that can be used in the world of statistics and finance . 
  this is the book we use . 
  tell us more , 
  me fo ... eh , fuck it . 
  its not really relavant since im a year younger than he is and i had played plenty of pc games before wc3 came out, 
  may i ask what distribution did you choose ? 
  op used markov chain indeed , but the comment i was replying to did a monte carlo simulation . 
  hiya mogwai from glasgow , scotland . 
  what are/were your greatest influences ? 
  this kid is so goin places, 
  yeah same here . . i suggest you wait till morning, 
  and i lost all the gold i had ( 770 ) , fuck you blizz, 
  maybe yeah . 
  i know ram is cheap , but i need that pc for a week or two only , since my primary machine is getting fixxed through warranty . 
  luna wont install due to graphic glitch in the installation window , fml . 
  yeah i know ive been a bit `` lazy '' describing the problem , though i never really wanted to get into details since i kind of just wanted to know if eos should be working well on a machine like that . 
  oh and what to say more about the problems - every button ( inside the os even ) takes 1 or 2 seconds of response time , scrolling through simplest of webpages is a pain in the ass if you can imagine that , opening different applications ( file browser , web browser , system settings etc ) takes like 10 seconds or so , . . 
  c/p from the post above - every button ( inside the os even ) takes 1 or 2 seconds of response time , scrolling through simplest of webpages is a pain in the ass if you can imagine that , opening different applications ( file browser , web browser , system settings etc ) takes like 10 seconds or so , . . 
  intel 82865g graphic controller, 
  i did install it .
