  also not putting it into your regular compost heap is reccomended , instead after weeding , put the bucket contents somewhere as a mulch layer . 
  its a regular pack of seeds . 
  one is about a quarter the height of the others , otherwise healthy . 
  the seeds were leftovers , few years old . 
  happy gardening to you all , 
  sounds like a challenge * buying hydrochloric acid by the barrel *, 
  seriously though , i do not know . 
  you think the dwarfing could depend on the acidity ? 
  even though the plants could certainly do better , i am not going to acidify my soil for lupines . 
  i have spots that i could plant them to that are acidic , so i will count that into the plan . 
  i was wondering about the dwarfing thing , you know . 
  thanks though , i really apreciate the input , 
  thanks for the feedback , i really appreciate it , but we are not exactly on the same page . 
  i do not mind that my plants are not the fulfillment of their maximum potential . 
  i do not mind them being smaller and less vigorous . 
  my priority is to avoid buying stuff . 
  i do not like buying things . 
  the acidity is also not the worst thing that bothers my lupines , if i might take a guess . 
  the substrate is compost + sand and is pretty heavy . 
  the watering is inconsistent . 
  but with perrenials , you know , as long as they survive to be planted later and do not succumb to slugs and whatnot , it 's good . 
  i have other plants to worry about . 
  the only issue is if the plant on the right is a dwarf , or just lost its taproot or had some other accident . 
  i kinda like dwarfed plants . 
  just bought gorgeous dwarfing lilac and rooting cuttings of that . 
  my other hobby is to forget to include some vital info when communicating with others , so i have to make explanations like this , so yeah , sorry and thank you and may your garden be always moist and your slugs tired . 
  i would love to grow those . 
  i will have to think about what would make a good candidate , how do you decide , what traits are needed ? 
  melissa officinalis would be nice , grows well , lots of seed , perenial , so you do not have to fix the gene combination that bring the one cool plant , new fragrances would be worthwhile , you could even work towards more ornamental look ... 
  edit :, 
  or salix , willows , that could be nice . 
  there are some nice ornamenta mutations and the tree has multiple uses ( biomass production , basketry willows ) you could select toward ... 
  yeah , i think that you want to work with plants that can be cloned , for the ease of keeping the interesting stuff , esp if you want to distribute the fun , which would be cool . 
  you know , you could ask people in here : http://www.landinstitute.org/, 
  they are currently trying to save the world , so , you know ... 
  melissa is a good candidate preciselly for the reasons you stated , its usually seeded , but its a perrenial and i bet you could very easily clone it . 
  menthas - mints could be also quite nice , but there already is mindboggling variation , so i do not know , prolly not worth it . 
  mints cloning is easy . 
  stabilizing a mutation is a tricky business . 
  you would need a real expert to tell you how much work that would be , but i bet the answer would be `` depends '', 
  the important question is still , what plant to use and why . 
  wow , that did not occur to me . 
  i will remember it and watch , if it gets to the same sizing as the rest or not . 
  i intend to use them for the same purpose . 
  the idea is to simply cut the leaves , right ? 
  you could use scythe , no ? 
  or do you prune them just partly ? 
  i really would like to have a source on this , if you do n't mind . 
  because of you know , telomers . 
  i trust you that for practical purposes i can keep growing runners on and on and i am glad , that is a piece of info i halfassed tried to look for today without success . 
  still , it seems inprobable , that runners would be completelly immune to aging and if there was a source that explained why it is so , academical or eli5 , i would certainly be interested , 
  wow , i always assumed that the hayflick limit thing was more or less universal , with few exceptions and that you can not propagate vegetatively on and on . 
  thank you , 
  daylilies are edible . 
  the flowers are sometimes used as decoration in food , it has a strong flavor i do not actually like really much . 
  apart from obvious stuff, 
  - heirloom seedbank, 
  - really usefull , publicly available learning materials, 
  - small breeding program, 
  - what industries produce which usefull waste materials , where, 
  and how to get them , how to use them ( cardboard , partially broken palletes , buckets , shredded office paper ... ), 
  - growing mushrooms, 
  - water retention designs in urban settings + greywater flow redesign, 
  - a club for local children, 
  - public self harvest small orchards, 
  - fishes and birds in garden ( my blind spot , might be intresting ? ), 
  and doing as much real , community connected work as possible . 
  edit :, 
  - greenhouses, 
  - irigation, 
  i 'd just chime in , with my experiences . 
  there is a sort of people , that at young age discover they want to uncover life mysteries . 
  those people are not at all similar , but the path in front of them will consist of some kind of lonesome contemplation . 
  scientific objectivity is based on materialistic objectivity . 
  there are things in the universe we can see and measure . 
  if you look out from your own eyes , with no need for others to confirm , it is not that clear that this is the best framework to think in . 
  some years later , certain experiences base your certainty about divine things . 
  it depends on the culture ( and your ability ) how you interpret this , but certainty translates quite well into direct authority in human society ( what happens in reality depends hugely on circumstances though ) . 
  the experiences talked about are from the transcendental realities of our stay here . 
  they are usually about the raw nature of life as unified process an how it contain us ( imho , but i do a lot of gardening ) . 
  can not be well experienced . 
  some firm beliefs about identity and whatnot are changed . 
  since authority over others is sought after , it gets complicated and dark . 
  lots of neuroses and sects and drama . 
  edit : forgot to add , the certainty about divine things in some form is faith . 
  kind of . 
  i think other stuff is called that too though . 
  okay , i wrote few responses that missed the point , so i deleted those , i think this is the one singular important thing . 
  in philosophy , external validation is actually the part more prone to corruption than honest private assesment of experience . 
  if you are content when people agree with you , that is not good enough . 
  the catch is you have to desire the truth over anything else and study all the biases and border cases , and interesting mental experiments , and people and nature around you and be really good at it . 
  that 's just the condition of succes . 
  also i do not like this fixation on resolving differences . 
  i believe that we should be empirical in everything . 
  we are all different . 
  you can try really hard to understand others , and you can understand people , but you can not ever force anyone to understand you , especially if he misses some important experiences . 
  so yeah . 
  english is not my first language ( as evident , i live on the continent ) and i have been drinking , so i hope you can take something out of this . 
  also we never ever resolved anything yet as philosophers , so . 
  you know .
