the truth will set you free . 
  but not until it is finished with you, 
  `` upon his death , the philosopher in question found himself surrounded by a group of angry gods with clubs . 
  the last thing he heard was ` we 're going to show you how we deal with mister clever dick around here ... ' '', 
  terry pratchett - small gods, 
  what if she does n't ? 
  he is just a soundtrack to your movie, 
  as a czech person , i have never ever ate anything similar . 
  stuff like this is a tourist gimmick . 
  at certain opportunities you will find people having a young pig on a spit . 
  the meat is gradualy sliced away , as it is cooked . 
  the first slices are usually not that well cooked , since you are impatient and then everybody is drunk pretty quickly , so the last slices are either charred or even more uncooked . 
  the meat is usually rubbery and not tasty . 
  when i read about the usa style barbecue - the style where you smoke a pig overnight , until the meat is tender and falls apart and then blend the juicier and dryer parts together , oh yeah man , that is the shit . 
  but we have the 50 cents bottles of light budweiser ( czech budweiser ) , so that thing can be a fast friend . 
  `` only some things are worth doing well . 
  most things that are worth doing are only worth doing sloppily . 
  many things are n't worth doing at all . 
  anything not worth doing at all is certainly not worth doing well . '', 
  -- carol deppe , the resilient gardener : food production and self-reliance in uncertain times, 
  caroll deppe rules . 
  i work in a blue collar environment and open proclamations of racism , strong nationalistic and traditional tendencies are quite common . 
  our problematic minority are the gypsies and basically everybody agrees in a discussion , that the best solution would be to kill them all . 
  any other minority is distrusted at best . 
  the nation , its history and some percieved unity is revered , hitler style fascism is carefully commended . 
  this is the philosophy of a working man here . 
  but what i find is the key with such people is , that if they found a brown man with a broken leg laying on a street , they would help him , no question asked . 
  these people are not vile , they just have a problem building a philosophy . 
  how they behave in reality is only loosely connected to their opinion . 
  i thought you guys in usa have your own portion of warmongering idiots . 
  it annoys me , that we in the west desribe ourself in the first place as free nations . 
  we should imho view ourselves in the first place as rational nations , that is the leading idea . 
  and right here you have your common ground . 
  playing is training in every case , no ? 
  i worry the real reason is that it is very difficult to convey thoughts that need more space than a facebook status and take longer to reflext on than a minute . 
  the rational western society stood on books . 
  relevant and entertaining reading : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amusing_ourselves_to_death, 
  what is left of the need to work together to mediate our problems is drowned in intense individualism ideology . 
  this book is eye opening : http://www.amazon.com/bright-sided-relentless-promotion-positive-undermined/dp/0805087494, 
  as to if we are going to be fine ; i think that the elites currently see buying land away from population centers and preparing for problems as the most realistic solution . 
  i have faith in science , cause lets walk the road to the end , right ? 
  i use this , from a broken fan , works well for compost, 
  if your soil is warm enough , try mulching . 
  check for rootbound also . 
  i suggest reading a book about managing and conserving water in soils . 
  i read one that was interesting , but it is not really relevant , where i live and i forgot what exact title it was . 
  i find it fascinating reading in its own right . 
  to have viable seeds you should wait for botanical ripeness , which is usually when the fruits start to go a bit over the edge , getting wrinkly . 
  i am not sure if there is any chance to germinate a green seed , but i doubt there is even a percent . 
  the care and effort canna growers put into it is ridiculous . 
  i would really be interested , if there is other group to match it . 
  maybe orchid growers and that 's it . 
  you have succesfully germinated those white soft seeds ? 
  wow , how many percent succes , roughly , was there ? 
  interesting , thought it was next to impossible . 
  that is cool than . 
  i am in complete agreement . 
  it is very sad , that if you grow plants for living you often just can not afford decent soil conserving practices . 
  i guess the difference is that conventional gardeners weight produce in kilograms / pounds and canna growers in grams and the scale of gardens goes with it and the same amount of care gets differently diluted . 
  i have these too , what bug is that ? 
  i think that when i was rooting parthenocissus quinquefolia , the cuttings started rooting similarly , but i might be wrong . 
  post again when you know by experinece , 
  i support excellence and this stuff seems to be as far on the cutting edge as can be , i guess . 
  so thats cool . 
  but no way i am going to use any of those methods any time soon  its compost , leaf mold , insecticide soap and low expectations for me . 
  i am curious about the biochar , if it really works , that would be very nice since you can turn a lot of garden refuse into char - in theory ... 
  also this : http://www.landinstitute.org/, 
  i would leave it as it is , seems just right to me . 
  i would suggest to just taste the fruit in autumn . 
  thin the fruits a little , at least the most obvious clumps . 
  if you want to prune , learn how to do it first , do it gently and every year , its not that difficult . 
  enjoy , 
  good luck . 
  make a lot of beds and if you do not have use for them , just grow green mulch or poppies or whatevs . 
  each year i find myself removing sod in the spring for excess seedlings and that is not good planning . 
  my 2c, 
  oh damn , that is a beautifull flower , we only have a. vulgaris and i have seen some hybrid , but this is gorgeous . 
  would you possibly share seeds ? 
  i am in europe , in czech republic . 
  the postage would be unreasonable though anyway . 
  is what i keep telling myself , but i have never seen aquilegia just so nice . 
  compost , mulch , take care of your soil . 
  start a shitload of projects and expect failures . 
  plant perrenials . 
  do n't sweat lawn care , natural is all right , if you do n't play football on it . 
  you can keep fruit trees small and productive and it is not that difficult . 
  read a book about soil life . 
  follow random whims and play around . 
  save some seed . 
  weed is a functionally defined word , anything you do not want is a weed . 
  a rose in your nettle patch is a weed . 
  so it boils down to what you want there . 
  if you just want lawn kind of thing , mow or scythe it down regularly , not too short ( depends on rainfall , the dryer you are , the longer the grass ) , the most adapted plants should move in . 
  raking in compost , or mulching while mowing will improve the soil , its moisture holding capacity and make the vegetation more lush . 
  syntetic fertilizers will fuck up your edafon gradually , and if you do not have edafon , you will not have edafun ( mehehe ) . 
  if you want to start a bed , the easiest way is to mulch the sod and let it be for some time , than turning it . 
  the short answer is no , afaik . 
  some seedmakers claim to sell hybrids just to up the price a bit and discourage peops from saving seeds . 
  i highly recommend caroll deppes breed your own vegetable varieties . 
  welp , some folks say , that if you will persistently and patiently remove and remove and remove it , the pressure will lessen .
