  first part , i think we are in agreement . 
  on the second quote , it is important to note that language is not a very precise tool and words tend to change meaning with context . 
  disagreement in philosophy imho is not about a true statement and a false one , but rather about two people trying to navigate a jungle of meaning . 
  i always take an internalist perspective , because the externalist is in my opinion a dangerous fiction . 
  i still believe we share most of our human stuff , so we can get to the truth , but i do not believe we can get to any externalist perspective without social consensus . 
  and social consensus , of course , is the mother of all illusions . 
  had another beer . 
  i really hope this makes any sense . 
  i always wonder about such reactions . 
  are you offended by boobies ? 
  i look at women at lecherous way all the time . 
  i think people tend to look at other people in lecherous way very often , most of all being locked in complicated relationships and too nice to cheat and all . 
  maybe you americans should make a great suit , everybody against everybody , and sentence the whole place to something . 
  wait , that was on simpson already , right ? 
  oh , vinegar is a good idea . 
  i had bad experience with cider , because i did not put the proper care into it , mainly for the lack of racking . 
  the end product was yeasty and there were weak kinda sewage undertones . 
  i guess it is time to hit the books and prepare to do it right now . 
  thanks for input , 
  yeah , brandy is great , when done with care and love , 
  i would like to try aging with charred chips or in barrels ( not probable for the necessary spirit amount ) , we in middle europe are still in the area of clear spirits and clear spirits are inferior to barell aged imho . 
  i will try to freeze the cider , filter the ice from the liquid , melt the ice and see what is what , thanks for the idea . 
  i assume that you mean service tree - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sorbus_domestica, 
  not service berry https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amelanchier, 
  i planted both this very weekend by coincidence , so i will have some sorbus domestica fruit in like fifteen years . 
  the jam of those is the best i have ever eaten btw . 
  so i will try this then too . 
  the reason to avoid additives is simply to please the hippie organic , simple food crowd . 
  i am personally on the fence regarding sugar , not really sure there is so much difference between the sugar in apples and the store bought , like my wife says there certainly is , but i like the idea of making a product from a single ingredient . 
  i am not againts adding a spoon of sugar into a bottle of apple vine to turn into sparkles , but if i can substitute by concentrate , so you can proudly state - made from apple juice , that is clearly better . 
  the sugar is so cheap here , if it was just a bit cheaper , you could almost burn it for heat . 
  one kilogram - two pounds are about for a buck . 
  what seems to me to be pure foolishness is the kind of recipes , that seem most abundant , that take one part something , one part sugar . 
  and coloring agent , of course . 
  damn , that just is not what i want to eat , right ? 
  sorry for rant . 
  that site is really a great source , thank you , 
  you see , i would like to do all of the things mentioned and few , that were not and see which work best . 
  dehydrating is something we do with different fruits for many seasons and will continue , our favorite being dehydrated cherries . 
  this is with small electric dehydrators, 
  doing it in scale would mean building a dehydrator of a sort though . 
  if you have any experience with constructing such a thing , i am interested . 
  these work great btw and if processing any bigger amounts of apples , just buy one : http://www.ebay.com/itm/3-in-1-apple-slinky-machine-peeler-corer-potato-fruit-cutter-slicer-kitchen-tool-/271577617909, 
  we are deep in the continent , meaning also colder winters . 
  i will look into this , thank you very much for the information , for i was not aware you can do this with anyhing other than grapes . 
  that i will certainly do . 
  but drying in a small electric dryer is for a family use , not to get rid of serious amounts of fruit . 
  i would love to build a big one eventually . 
  i do n't get , how parenting is having such a bad press on reddit . 
  it 's a lot of work you are not used to do and if your partner is an idiot , you are not gon na have a good time , but overall its just a new level of happiness , undescribable joy and the coolest thing of all . 
  i am from europe , so there might be some cultural differences . 
  wait i have it - redditors with children just gradually stop redditing , right ? 
  i think the article from thepsychologist is weak . 
  the interesting part is it reports people being ok for the first year with a new child and then stuff going south and we are at the month 13 now , so we 'll see . 
  if you stand behind the article , i would write a more detailed analysis , but i think the flaws are apparent to a person working in technology . 
  the terms are not defined very well , people ` reporting happiness ' is usually a problem , it assumes , that changing a diaper is a negative experince , while you could very easily make exactly opposite case . 
  most importantly , as i said in the original post , if your partner is an idiot , you are going to have a bad time . 
  if you watched a subgroup of people , that can communicate in the relationship , i bet those guys are just ok . maybe not . 
  but we do n't know as of yet . 
  the article in huff . 
  post is actually nicer , cause it is cleaner , states what was studied and how . 
  and here we actually can kinda percieve the wide sea of human experience behind the study , right ? 
  people in germany claim lower satisfaction with life after the first child . 
  that we know . 
  what it means ? 
  well ... 
  anyway , the people only thinking about money . 
  be nice to them , smile at them , do not listen to them . 
  they know nothing . 
  life surelly is not about money and fears about having none . 
  as a wise man , knowing it all now i have a kid ( cause the wisdom is automatic with parents , had you known ? 
  ) , do something that reaches into the future . 
  do a bit of teaching . 
  help some nonprofit organisation guys improve [ your field of expertise ] . 
  i imagine there could be moments that life could seem kinda thin to childless people on lonely nights , but i bet its not about babies at all . 
  i bet its about caring about stuff , that transcends you . 
  seriously , do n't get bitter people affect your life . 
  there are more ways how to live a good life . 
  and technology ... seems kinda like the place to be in this century , right ? 
  you are explaining it just all right , but i would really like the book version , you know ? 
  usa as the thing sitting there across the ocean is so damn interesting , all those subtle differences , you know ? 
  how big a difference makes , that i come from a small tight city , where you got around by walking ? 
  it kinda feels important . 
  but anyways , i am not denying having a child is tough as hell and your needs and feelings are no longer considered important . 
  the question is , if the ` individuality ' thing is something , you actually need . 
  because individuality certainly does not mean sincerity ... 
  i do not see this man . 
  if i look around , i can see the bar actually lying on the ground . 
  everybody i know well is a fuckup in some way , my humble self included , of course . 
  stuff makes no sense , never did . 
  parents aspirations ? 
  my cousin is a heroin addict and if he was from the usa , i assume , he would be basically dead . 
  my peers are working in marketing without a sliver of shame . 
  marketing, 
  i can not see having children being about aspirations and plans and those things . 
  i see it as a thing of fucking a girl and watching a person shoot out of her some time later and well , is n't that a thing you should not miss ? 
  seriosly though . 
  marketing people should kill themselves . 
  well , is anything ever entirelly , the thing it is ? 
  losing opportunities to develop where you are passionate is terrible , that is a real issue without simple answers .
