  wish i had three hands to brofist you too :d, 
  i knew they were popping up like mushrooms after rain , but i did n't know we had covered everything . 
  there are 4 charging stations near my home alone . 
  and the inflation was n't 10 % every year for the past 10 years ? 
  i got two hands . 
  / brofist to you too, 
  some other site had bono on the list . 
  did n't you get the memo , we 've sent it to your address several times . 
  did you move and did n't notify us of your new address ? 
  if so , please contact us so we can sort out this misunderstanding asap . 
  your local bfwd agency . 
  we have a channel like that every christmas . 
  alas i can only help you with my own country . 
  have heard rumors that frankfurt and marseille are dangerous . 
  i suggest you visit each countries subreddit . 
  i would say that all the countries listed are very safe . 
  there might be some regions within those countries that are less safe than others but not by a large margin . 
  does n't sixth largest in a baltic nation mean that it has like 2 % of the market share ? 
  most of our money is held by swedbank and seb . 
  i just saw that on some subreddit with a billboard with a giant eye on it . 
  the title was something on the lines of `` the eye of sauron '' or the `` tower of mordor '', 
  a very interesting read for an europhile and statistics lover like me . 
  after skimming through it i found some interesting things : * eu-27 share of world gdp is 25,8 % * current account balance is actually better than it was in 2001 . 
  * foreign direct investment out of the eu is larger than investment into the eu . 
  that is no surprise , what surprised me is that 18,3 % of the money that goes out of the eu goes to offshore financial centres . 
  * consumer price indices have stayed about the same within 10 years . 
  * short term lending rates have fallen ~ 2,5 times . 
  * even if we complain about immigrants , the % of foreign nationals in the eu is still very low compared to the us , australia , saudi arabia or even argentina . 
  * the biggest surprise came from the us , i do n't know how accurate these statistics are but public expenditure in the eu on healthcare is actually lower than in the us . 
  add private expenditure and healthcare costs in the us go to ~ 17 % of the gdp while being ~ 11 % in the eu . 
  + the average person spend ~ 7 times more money on health than his counterpart in the eu . 
  * we have one of the best if not the best gini coefficients among the g20 . 
  * the largest manufacturing activity based on value added was food and beverages with 11,7 % of total manufacturing for the eu . 
  it was surprising , as i was expecting something along the lines of chemicals or machinery . 
  but the thing that makes me happy is the fact it compromises a small % of total manufacturing . 
  that means the economy is very diverse . 
  * internal tourism compromised 70,1 % of total arrivals in tourism accommodation establishments . 
  * we produe more roundwood and sawnwood than canada . 
  * our favourite vegetables are tomatoes . 
  * international trade is only abou 18 % of total gdp * the number of world patent applications by countries have become more equal but still most patents come from japan . 
  japan spends more money per capita on research and development than any other country . 
  * there were some coal mine threads earlier , to add some information 25,7 % of our electricity production comes from coal . 
  * there were some freshwater threads as well , so it seems we use less fresh water than the world average . 
  * we have the biggest maritime fleet . 
  it is 5 times larger than the next competitor . 
  * most of the stuff that we import comes from russia and most of the stuff we export goes to russia . 
  try r/unitedkingdom, 
  this thread might make `` westerners '' understand why we do n't like to be called `` eastern '' . 
  and then the ents descended upon estonia , it was like the day haile selassie came to jamaica and the air was thick with ganja smoke . 
  all life seemed to cease and eternal tranquility fell upon the land . 
  and then estonia will be the last bastion of pollution that exploits it 's natural resources to the max . 
  all that will be left is a hole in the ground and smoke in the air . 
  it 's just my subjective opinion . 
  i myself try to read as much news about estonia as i can . 
  ( the economist , financial times , new york times , the guardian , bbc , reddit etc etc. ), 
  everyday life is quite dull and without any major topics to talk about , so there is n't any major news about my country either . 
  most news is only newsworthy if it 's bad news . 
  it sells more papers and gets more pageviews . 
  if times are good and everything is going well , then there is nothing to write about . 
  i 'm here . 
  uhhhh , those accents , cringe ... 
  i wish it was -4 here . 
  was -28 on sunday :d, 
  i welcome our new norwegian overlords !, 
  still pretty cheap, 
  we all know he is corrupt , but does that make all the things he does bad . 
  how is this a waste of money ? 
  how is this bad for the people ? 
  he may be what he is , but i truly see free transportation as a good example for other cities . 
  besides , tallinn 's road network is abysmal . 
  it 's a logical move to focus more on public transportation to reduce traffic . 
  i think you are jumping on the hate bandwagon . 
  the way savisaar ( the mayor ) does things are questionable , but he must be doing something right for people to vote him back every time . 
  i really do n't get the estonian love for cars and the i do what i want and do n't care about others mentality . 
  free public transportation helps those who ca n't afford other means of transportation . 
  everything is n't black and white . 
  eh , just fuck it, 
  same in tallinn this morning . 
  it is a sad day today . 
  i grew up with his books . 
  i think i read `` the fifth elephant '' at least 10 times . 
  every time i read a news story about him , i hoped there would be a breakthrough that cured him of his disease . 
  i just hoped for one more book ... i hope he is in a better place and can write all the books that he wants . 
  when i meet death , i can ask him if i can read those in the afterlife . 
  actually that is the plan . 
  right now the big news in the baltics is to build a lng terminal by the baltic sea and one place where the gas will come from is the us . 
  that was my first thought too . 
  i was quite surprised in a good way . 
  r/vexillology has quite the fetish with the estonian flag . 
  that picture has been posted almost everywhere . 
  every time a topic like this comes up on reddit or any other website i get a little sad . 
  germany , italy , france , the uk etc. 
  are all superb countries , but there is more to europe than that . 
  it 's like an invisible wall or a dense mist is on the eastern border of germany and austria and on the map you can see `` there be dragons '' . 
  same with estonia . 
  it 's like we do n't exist . 
  there are hundreds of this kind of manors all over estonia , latvia and lithuania . 
  gooooo estonia !, 
  i like this one more http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddcsotwz7gi, 
  a landslide win for sweden,
