  mostly facebook , twitter is a pretty rare sight here . 
  all the islands in the baltic belong to estonia . 
  flair up , need more estonian boiled squirrels here . 
  compared to the western world , the whole ussr was poor . 
  but within the ussr was a strong east to west gradient . 
  the east being much poorer and the west more wealthier . 
  this was due to the fact that the baltics were designed as special/free economic zones . 
  so called experimental republics . 
  all the new economic experiments were first done here . 
  but were poorer than east germany . 
  the lennart meri conference has ended for this year . 
  this year 's conference examined the impact on europe and the wider transatlantic community of the shift in the distribution of global influence and responsibility as new powers rise . 
  people who took part in the discussion include : toomas hendrik ilves - president of estonia , alaa murabit founder and president , voice of libyan women , edgars rink\u0113vi\u010ds minister of foreign affairs , latvia , peter balas deputy director general , dg trade , european commission , carl bildt minister for foreign affairs of sweden , boris nemtsov former deputy prime minister of russia and many more . 
  among them political activists , journalists , writers and politicians . 
  topics that were discussed that have video coverage : * the north-south split : a new world order ? 
  * for domestic consumption , with international impact : russia 's foreign policy rhetoric * more austerity or something else ? 
  rebuilding europe 's economy * the future of the eu : is less europe more ? 
  * afghanistan : what future for the graveyard of empires ? 
  * face to face with * transatlanticism after the `` pivot '' : alliance , partnership or divergence ? 
  * cyber security and foreign affairs - managing tensions , maintaining stability * lennart meri lecture * final words the videos of the conference discussions can be found here : http://lmc.icds.ee/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=190&amp;itemid=293, 
  and there i was hoping to buy a radioactive wrist watch . 
  damn you , uk !, 
  finally some points, 
  sweet loving jesus , that was wierd . 
  the last eurovision thread was pretty fun , hope for the same this year . 
  or covered by snow by next autumn . 
  i think i still have a patch of ice in my front yard . 
  these topics come up too often for something to happen in estonia ... well ... the snow melted . 
  that 's a thing ... right !, 
  i know about the video game , but last time i looked for the english book i could n't find it . 
  is there an english version ? 
  immigrant baaaaadd ... estonian gooooodd ... ararararggghhhhh / froth at the mouth, 
  knowing him , it 's only a matter of time . 
  all in good humor . 
  was n't implying that you were a die hard fan of his . 
  :d i got the article from the same source . 
  it just amuses me that an article from him can spread so quickly . 
  estonia truly is a tiny country . 
  i suspect that most estonian facebook users have that link on their wall . 
  someone has been following the president on facebook . 
  i love the fact that when you learn one scandinavian language , you can read the others ones . 
  i myself speak swedish . 
  i saw the sun today , it was fabulous . 
  \u00f5 \u00fc ... almost, 
  i 'll raise you estonian as the most difficult language . 
  the p. ... . p as in potato, 
  the winter is unusually cold and long this year . 
  most years you get milder weather between the cold spells , but it 's been freezing from late october now . 
  edit : spelling and stuff . 
  you ca n't make snow angels on ice , that 's all we have left in here . 
  during the day it melts the top layer of the snow and it hardens at night . 
  i have a 40cm crust of razor sharp ice in my backyard . 
  i would 've said the same things . 
  my two points would be : 1 . stop hating yourself . 
  2 . stop hating others . 
  those things sum up an average estonian for me . 
  looks like monday to me, 
  european union aid is given to almost all countries . 
  my guess is that you can apply for it through your local social worker . 
  i myself have seen similar packages in estonia . 
  some distant relatives of mine , who live in the countryside , get similar aid : packages of flower , cooking oil , other long lasting products . 
  the family 's father died , that left the mother and the son who went to school 60km away . 
  i would n't be surprised if immigrant workers or just people who have fallen on hard times get the same packages across europe from spain to estonia . 
  the guy has n't been pope for two hours yet and people have already thought of that : http://imgur.com/bz5j0i8, 
  you have potato ? 
  nice name, 
  i 've got snow up to my hip n my backyard :d, 
  how harsh is a harsh winter ? 
  you mean [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kvwpxhp.png ), 
  fair enough . 
  it just seems people are getting overly emotional over this and do n't see the big picture . 
  alas we have a large percentage of people who value above all else conservatism , macho culture and money . 
  they also ridicule problems such as women in politics and equal opportunities . 
  the best food for an estonian is an other estonian . 
  edit : it 's not so much about religion and family values as much as men see it as a threat to their own masculinity . 
  if they ca n't wear fabulous clothes because of stupid social norms then no one else can either . 
  + the low low birth rates . 
  the argument is that when being gay is frowned upon or discriminated against , then gay people magically turn straight and start mass producing children . 
  again i have to ask the same question . 
  was n't inflation like 10 % a year even before the $ . 
  did n't prices rise madly even then ? 
  in my subjective opinion some prices have even fallen , especially on consumer electronics . 
  the blog itself is written by an american journalist who moved to estonia to marry his estonian wife . 
  it gives a pretty good view of estonia from 2004-today from a foreigners perspective . 
  should the companies supply uganda , zimbabwe ? 
  how about palestine ? 
  this current project is mostly due to luck and very good lobbying . 
  the money for these charging stations comes from selling `` carbon credits '' or emissions trading . 
  see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emissions_trading estonia was lucky in that regard , as the emission base values came from 1980s . 
  estonia gets its electricity and heat from burning shale oil . 
  ( very rare in the world , we produce ~ 70 % of the worlds shale oil . ), 
  that itself is very polluting . 
  after the fall of the soviet union production fell dramatically . 
  add modern pollution reducing technology . 
  that means we polluted less than the we could have . 
  we produced less emissions than we could have on paper . 
  that gave us `` carbon credits '' . 
  that means if we pollute less , we can sell our `` credit '' to someone else that wants to pollute more . 
  the money that we get from emissions trading is heavily regulated and must go towards green projects . 
  there are thousands of projects all across estonia that have benefited from those projects .
