italy did n't go `` bankrupt '' , we are a net contributor of the eu budget , just wanted to point that out . 
  renzi made more reform in the last year than the other government in the last 30 , also the economy is going up this year and especialy the next , with debt predicted down , so we 're not doing so bad anymore . 
  the ecb is doing that now with quantitative easing, 
  your country will not leave the eu , every major economic power will lobby for you to remain part of it . 
  also if you leave after all , well so be it, 
  it is a positive news because it mean your doing something about it , but what do i know , i 'm just an italian ... 
  you are in a much better position than 20 years ago , is n't that positive ? 
  well , that 's better, 
  also you voted no , which does n't lend much trust in the will of the greek people to implement the necessary reforms . 
  who 's saying that you will not just elect a new government that will not inplement anything after taking the new money ? 
  they voted no , thats the problem, 
  well they voted no at the referendum , that is the reason for the current hard stance of germany and other countryes , 1 month ag they would have got a much better deal, 
  nato membership is enough, 
  why do you suicide so much ? 
  we do n't have a similar problem here ; i always thought that nordic countries were some kind of utopia, 
  yeah , i hate the russia sanction too , we had a lot of business with them , unfortunately i do n't see them being removed with putin still in charge , so not anytime soon . 
  let 's hope for the best , life sometimes surprise you with positive things . 
  every country is recovering this year ( even mine which is a miracle ) so why should n't yours ? 
  http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/countries/finland_en.htm your country has low debt and relatively low unemployment and is predicted growing from this year , so cheer up your situation is not that bad, 
  resistance ? 
  it 's funny that you think you have a choice in the matter, 
  we did n't get a single euro , we are a net contributor . 
  that 's interesting , i never though about the `` undone '' part . 
  still , we had this multiparty system that you describe for years and i can tell you , it does n't work very well , i hope it goes differently for spain, 
  i 'm happy that the spanish are getting richer , is good for the euro and the eu , you do n't see american complain if california ha a higher gdp per capita than montana, 
  part of italy problems is the political instability , we had it for decades like you have it now , i do n't understand how you can consider it a good thing, 
  in italy everyone uses whatsapp, 
  a democracy is ruled by the majority , you ca n't have a single state change the institution of a comunity formed by 28 members . 
  also of course you loose sovereignty by being part of the eu , otherwise what is the point if they ca n't do anything , i never understood this objection by the uk, 
  why would they leave , they are doing well economically , also you 're naive if you think you will not be hit in any way, 
  i 'm sorry but i think you are overestimating your position here , quoted from a post in this thread `` the question is wethers britains ` soft power ' or any power of any kind can convince the leading coalitions of the union that giving them access is benefial in the long run , believe me it might get pretty unfriendly or hostile as its european leaders job to keep the rest together , and what would work better then a example that tried but thousands of obstacles got imposed and all of a sudden it might look a lot less attractive . 
  thus giving pro euro parties ammo in elections and eurosceptics something to deal with . '', 
  what do you think about a reaction by the eu like that ? 
  are you serious ? 
  they are actually talking about removing it from marriage too but i do n't think anything more will be done until the next election ( 2018 ), 
  it 's far because of the obligation of faithfulness ? 
  i do n't think it 's so important anymore in this day and age, 
  so we have a very important vote that could be passed only with the help of the m5s and because of procedure bullshit they refused , so the cut to adoption is entirely their fault , also i actualy think it 's just some excuse to damage the pd , if not the cangaroo it would have been something else, 
  their `` progressive '' stance is useless if they pull shit like the vote on civil union , and i 'm not so sure all vote will go to lega nord , many will return to the pd imho, 
  if you fear an alliance , you really do n't know the m5s , they will never ally with anyone . 
  they only removed adoption , they are frankly very similar to marriage except for that, 
  they just want to damage the government no matter what , if renzi say yes they say no and vice versa , actually after what they did with this vote now i despise them . 
  spoken like a true frenchman !, 
  they have problem with extra eu immigration , not with eu people , last time i checked , they were still very pro eu, 
  oh i know that the uk people are not all racist or completely anti immigration , but the general opinion about the uk , at least in my country ( italy ) is much worse than it was before , you were regarded as an advanced , multicultural country who valued competence above nationality , now not anymore . 
  so that is what i was talking in my original post , the brexit vote from the outside feels like a vote against eu people , regardless if it is true or not . 
  also `` uncontrolled immigration of eu citizen '' give me a break , germany is the main destination of eu migrant and they are fine with it, 
  no you do n't , that was my point , money are not the only thing you need to have a meaningfull vote, 
  you give too much importance to money , there are other things involved here . 
  so you have to leave , we already know that you will not pay anymore , the eu will survive without your money, 
  they can also take your contribution and then ignore you completely . 
  that is pretty surprising to hear , from an outside perspectice the uk is an economic paradise , maybe we should change the parameter used to determine succesful economies . 
  can you explain to me where this `` disenfranchised sentiment '' is coming from ? 
  is n't yor economy doing great ? 
  i mean what should the people of greece , spain or italy say considering their economy ? 
   disgusting european project i 'm so happy that you get out of the union, 
  i wo n't obstruct anything because the uk will be out of the eu , so scotland will apply to rejoin as an independent country, 
  it wo n't make any difference , the eu will want scotland regardless and the requirements to join are the same, 
  yes , both countries need to want that tho, 
  nope , that would be a schengen external border , so it is difficult to negotiate something between eu and britain because eu-people could enter from there, 
  the only sensible agreement is that you enter eea but you wont because that means free movement of people, 
  your behavior and the way you discuss make you antisocial , you should calm down and learn to engage in discussion, 
  now i understand why people are anti eu , they are just anti social . 
  jeez , you need a chamomile why are you so nervous ? 
  yeah you could travel back then but now you can travel with a lot less problem and burocracy why would you wnat to go back ? 
  yeah , let 's revert to the way it was before !, 
  it was so good with war , walls everywhere and poverty that is what we need . 
  the eu is a real thing that prevent it , linking our economy toghether is the best way to prevent conflict , the rest is wishfull thinking . 
  because of the reason for leaving , uk left because they did n't want eu immigration , so it is a direct problem with the people of the continent , also normally you can say that is a problem with the government ( for example with russia ) but in this case it was a direct vote, 
  because of the reason for leaving , uk left because they did n't want eu immigration , so it is a direct problem with the people of the continent , also normally you can say that is a problem with the government ( for example with russia ) but in this case it was a direct vote, 
  the leave the eu vote feel like a fuck you to all eu citizen , it is normal to have some resentment, 
  ingenius, 
  lately the news from england make it unavoidable, 
  was thatcher so bad ? 
  it is a matter of not pissing off member states that are already pissed off for the immigration stuff . 
  it is better to wait until this issue is resolved , frankly i think we are about to solve it, 
  but this will severely unbalance your export/import . 
  you already import way more than you export, 
  the eu is kind of weak lately , too many emergencies , need to wait for a better period, 
  we will do what we can and deal with the consequence how we can regardless of the gravity , there is nothing else to do, 
  because you know what you have now , but you do n't know what you will have , you have to trust politicians for that ? 
  good luck with that, 
  can you explain to me why not ? 
  seems very much so to me from the outside . 
  come on repelling the human right chart is kind of shady do n't you think ? 
  oh but that is my point , the uk was a very good country , an example of excellency , i 'm not sure about the future tho , hence the shame i was talking about, 
  and i enjoy the irony of someone from an ex-democratic power going less democratic every day , i mean you are working to repell the ehrc now, 
  england is going to shit , what a shame, 
   the uk was never a part of schengen . 
  in addition , the uk 's trade power has always rested in its financial services sector , which it does not depend upon the eu for . 
  the uk used being part of the eu decision process to get what they wanted in trade deals , they have little more to give , you will see what i mean when they negotiate after brexit . 
   that 's not a freely and fairly elected executive , and effectively renders the highest office of government unaccountable to the people . 
  that is very undemocratic and one of the major problems with politics in europe . 
  a true democracy has a freely and fairly elected executive that is directly appointed by the voting public , not appointed by a legislative body . 
  the executive power is accountable to the parliament wich is accountable to the people , this is better than direct election in my opinion . 
  also you presidential debate is a mess this time with both candidates not realy liked by the population . 
   no , we 're not , no more so than england is a union of states or france is a union of states . 
  what continental europeans who try to make your argument constantly forget is that the us states were never operated as separate foreign entities - they were always just 13 parts of the whole american colony . 
  it was an entirely different situation than , say , france and spain , which were two separate and distinct countries for most of their history . 
  in the us , our national sense has always applied to the us , not the states , whereas in france or spain or the uk , the boundaries of national identity are very clear .
