  actually i would love it, 
  if nato is truly `` obsolete '' as trump said i think that you 'll have to step up or we are screwed, 
  you should read the comments on the blog , lots of disgruntled people, 
  they did a 180 without any warning and i hope they will change their retoric . 
  this has a chance to really lower the eurosceptic sentiment in italy, 
  great , more monuments to care about !, 
   disgruntled eu states there are none of that in the eu , support for eu membership is more than 50 % in all countries, 
  and yet after all this time in the eu a lot of people in your country , especially the new generations , share an europeist political view , it would n't surprise me if the uk will rejoin the union in 10-20 years, 
  oh we will get there `` eventually '' but before i feel we will suffer a lot, 
  automation will destroy every industrial job there is , also lots of non industrial ones , i wonder what we will do when it will happen, 
  probably , but i can only speak of center and northern italy and , i know it is anectodal but i never met 1 person from my age group or younger that go to church or speak about religion like it 's an important part of their life , maybe they believe in god but they certainly do n't practice, 
  no , i live in rome, 
  italy is also not as religious as people think , from my experience . 
  but because we have the vatican everyone expect it, 
  is california the most europe like us country ? 
  ah so this is a political statement , now i understand your problem with placing lazio in the center, 
  this is what i mean http://geocurrents.info/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/italy-per-capita-gdp-by-region-map.png, 
  this is what i mean : http://geocurrents.info/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/italy-per-capita-gdp-by-region-map.png, 
  rome is economically in the center , just saying, 
  there will be no invasion , at worst an economic war, 
  but the uk also contributed to the rules, 
  provided we have by far the upper hand militarily in the channel . 
  do you fear an invasion now ? 
  i think you forgot to take your meds, 
  they are a populist party , so they are like the schrodinger cat , hard left or hard right ( and anything in between ) according to who they are talking to , however i have to say that lately they are getting a little better , for example they have sayd that they are not agaist eu and euro anymore, 
  what happens when merkel retires ? 
  in italy we had this idea of a progressive , meritocratic uk , brexit showed us that what we tought was the uk was actually only the city of london , so i do n't think he is melodramatic . 
  face it , your country image really took a hit with brexit . 
  didnt romania have one of the lower pulic debt in europe ? 
  far from bankrupt i would say, 
  that is probably what is going to happen , maybe not with this gov but the next one, 
  italy has an election in 6 months , the gov is going to act because it is losing vote , but if the current government ca n't fix this , the next will , this has become a huge issue in italy now . 
  just hope that the next gov is also not against the eu and the euro , because the m5s surely are , and they can get elected over this . 
  i can assure you this time is different , there is an election in 6 months and the ruling party is losing because of immigration problems , so i can see that they will do something drastic this time . 
  or if they do n't the next government will be much more on the right , honestly maybe it is what we need . 
   and we have n't had economic instability in a while it must be nice ... 
  yes we could use your country 's help , instead you prefer to trow a fit everytime there is a problem, 
   by helping them close the border . 
  yes please, 
  so what are you ? 
  from the eu commission twitter : `` fines are paid into the community budget and therefore help to finance the european union and reduce the tax burden on individuals '', 
  oh , i thought it was a microwave at first glance, 
  they are always drunk, 
  well we shall see what theresa may decides, 
   we get something of equal value in return . 
  but you get something of great value : the chance to have a clean orderly brexit , i 'm fairly sure you will pay because the alternative is to destroy your economy . 
  thankfully the negotiations start tomorrow , this is the first thing that will be settled so we will speak again about this soon enough, 
  yeah , let 's talk again after brexit is done , so we can see if there is cause to be happy or not . 
  he still had to die , not fun if you ask me, 
  do n't you have to vote like , tomorrow, 
  eh , for now it is good , our gov is pretty reasonable . 
  however the election in 2018 will prove challenging , if m5s win i do n't know what to expect from them , they are rater unpredictable, 
  the eu wants ? 
  really ? 
  all this shit is from the british side , the eu did nothing, 
  eh just call it bohemia and be done with it, 
   dog loyalty and diligence to follow orders creeps me out . 
  oh i though i was the only one to think that , we literally engineered them to be this way , it is a bit creepy . 
  the czech republic, 
  it is unclear to me if you are contesting me or the user i responded to, 
  i have a job , most people have jobs in italy , not everyone is unemployed, 
  despite this italy is pretty stable, 
  define `` the best '' , because it mean a different thing to different people , this is why we vote . 
   supporters of the monarchy ( surprise , i 'm one ) ahahahah , ma mi faccia il piacere !, 
  yeah , it turns out that economic grow is not a quality automatically achieved by countries , but it is a reaction to decisions and situations and you need to actively work for it . 
  talking to the british sometimes i have the feeling you think that you have a strong economy only because you are the uk, 
  any result that are not a massive victory for the tory is actually a lose for theresa may , even if she get the majority again, 
  the point is that the ally is turning gradually into an antagonist nation . 
  we shall see , the eu has a pretty strong negotiating position . 
  yes , that was what i was talking about . 
  aaahh , the strategy of appeasement , worked perfectly before . 
  well that can be resolved with a trade deal . 
  no you did n't , past generations did , but not you , you enjoyed years of economic grow and peace and then said fuck it , essentially for the lulz , there is still not a convincing argument for the leave vote . 
  i take that exact line very often , it is crowded , however we are not at critical levels , i have seen video of japanese metro and they are far worse, 
  i live in the perifery and there is no trash and the public trasport works ok , i agree tho on the fact that things are getting worst, 
  no , there are problems but the title exagerate them like always . 
  the centre is very clean and the public trasport work perfectly , the perifery fare worst but it is not the end of the world . 
  other italian exagerate the situation because of the `` italy sucks '' sentiment that permeates our society, 
  no , there are problems but the title exagerate them like always . 
  the centre is very clean and the public trasport work perfectly , the perifery fare worst but it is not the end of the world . 
   this is n't even something you can argue . 
  you are objectively wrong ( and quite ignorant too ) . 
  this strongly depend on what being european means . 
  we obviously meant different things . 
   what are you referring to , specifically ? 
  i was referring both on your historical divide and conquer strategy and the direct continuation of that when you were inside the eu , for example the strong push to make the eastern countries enter the eu to impede the unification process . 
   well the eu was originally set up as an economic entity . 
  of course the uk joined for economic reasons . 
  i say that as someone who loves the eu . 
  no i was n't it was always a political union , since the beginning `` ever closer union '' was the mantra , you just joined because your economy at the time was shit . 
   the uk is not breaking away from the eu with the intention of destroying the eu . 
  does n't seems like that from here , come on do n't you wish you could make trade agreement with everyone separately ? 
  the truth is after brexit the break down of the eu will be a good thing for the uk , wich is one of the things that make me consider you an economic enemy of the eu . 
   by the way , i went to italy earlier than this year . 
  so i can say from first hand experience that most italians are absolutely wonderful people yeah that is maybe why 52 % of my people did n't vote against european as the uk did  but apparently you are the exception there . 
  whatever , i am just discussing here on reddit , it is not likely that i will stop a random british and tell him this things on the street . 
  i would argue that not only you are not part of europe anymore but you never completely were , always an outside bad influence , only reluctantly joining because of economic convenience , trying to break and weaken the union from the inside , no wonder they called you perfidious albion . 
  i 'm very happy that you are out , good riddance, 
  are n't germany and italy also us success stories ? 
  it is a pretty similar story to japan , you helped us post ww2 and now we are strong , stable economies and allies of the us,
