  there is a strong european sentiment that has developed in europe in the last 50 years ( especially in west eu ) , you just hear every thing from the uk press because it is in english but actually they , for the most part , lack this development . 
   yes actually since it 's not a constitutional amendment , states can indeed have laws that abridge federal laws on the state level , but if a legal case escalates to the federal level that decision takes precedence over the state law . 
  colorado is a good example , where marijuana is legal for consumption in that state but still classified as schedule 1 under federal law . 
  i 'm pretty sure no us contry can refuse gay marriage even if they want to  and no part of that requires nations to give up their independence . 
  linking nations economy and diplomacy permanently is a way to ensure that for real and not only rely on wishfull thinking . 
   with the eu becoming increasingly hostile to us interests you can guarantee the us is going to chose its more reliable ally over its less reliable one . 
  we 've already had the french try to leave nato once , we 're not going to risk that they poison the rest of europe with that attitude and let them handle something that we actually need . 
  the uk on the other hand would probably launch a land invasion of china on their own if we asked them to , so we generally trust them more on an international level . 
  it 's disappointing that our only mouthpiece into europe is now leaving the decision-making process on the continent , but that 's all the more reason to prop them up enough that they continue to influence it anyway . 
  do n't be so sure about that , uk economy and military is not that important for the us . 
  also where do you see hostility , we are still strongly connected with nato and economic exchange ( wich is the biggest in the world ), 
   the eu never gave the uk any foreign power - as you said , it was always a vehicle to resolve issues in europe , and largely ignores the outside world . 
  the us , nato , and the un have always been much more appropriate vectors for the uk 's foreign power . 
  access to the schengen area give lots of bargain power to every member , especially in trade relationship , believe me or not the uk has not many things to negotiate in a trade deal but used the eu to solve that . 
   also , our union is not the same as yours . 
  there 's a lot of things we have that you lack - for example , a freely and democratically elected executive , relative cultural and societal unity across all domestic regions , and a fairly outward-looking government . 
  europe is too undemocratic , too culturally diverse , and too isolationist and protectionist for a us-style union to work . 
  the eu is democratically elected , we elect the parliament directly with a eu wide vote , than they elect the executive , many europe nation works just like that . 
  also you are outward-looking only now , in the 19th and early 20th century you were very isolationist . 
   not to mention a lot of us view national independence as paramount . 
  our situation in 1775 essentially what britain is going through now but with a lot more shooting . 
  our nation was born and baptized in fire , ripping itself out of the chest of the greatest superpower the world had ever known . 
  then we look over at europe and we see that you all want to throw that away for no good reason , and we 're perplexed , and in some cases , a little miffed . 
  i wo n't like - in the us , there is a tiny bit of a `` we saved them from the germans for this ? '', 
  sentiment . 
  you 'll never hear it discussed publicly , and not many people actually share that view , but it 's there . 
  the rest of us are just confused as to why sacrificing your independence is necessary for europe to be strong and unified . 
  we do just fine with canada and mexico here , and none of us have to give up border control or external trade control to do it . 
  we do n't see why the eu ca n't exist without prohibiting member states from signing their own trade deals , and we do n't see why the eu ca n't exist without member states having zero control over how many people from other member states come over . 
  but you are not independent , you are in a union of states , can minnesota make international deal ? 
  can 1 state refuse to ratify gay marriage now ? 
   the way we see it the eu was formed because the nations of europe wanted to work together . 
  and our response is `` so then do that ? 
  why does doing that mean forcing things no-one wants on the whole continent ? 
  why does doing that mean giving up your independence ? 
  why do you have to hurt yourselves so much to achieve something which you do n't need to hurt yourselves to accomplish ? '', 
  we passed the 20th century bombing each other and than hating the other half of the continent , the eu is necessary to resolve conflict that arise , also an economic union is very powerful when dealing with outside economic power , like the us and china  that is why we over here like the uk so much more than we do the eu . 
  that 's why we view the uk as `` trusted ally '' instead of just `` that place where the holocaust happened '' or `` that place that loses to england all the time '' . 
  because the uk actually makes sense to us . 
  i do n't know if the usa administration will choose the uk over the eu , frankly i hope it does n't come to that and we can come to good terms with the uk it is in every one interest , but i see a lot of problem after brexit, 
  the eu is not only an economic union but also a diplomatic platform to resolve issues in europe , even if you can achieve economic prosperity outside it 's still worth to maintain access to it for other reasons , the uk is essentially throwing away it 's last bit of foreign power , they will be at best a small regional power now . 
  also i 'm always baffled by us citizen going agaist the eu , are n't you satisfied by your union ? 
  it was 1,3 % of gdp in 2015, 
  what is the next eu expansion , ukraine ? 
  with all the problem the eu has had in later years is very odd to see talk about expansion, 
  switzerland is not part of the eu , or the eurozone or pretty much anything else, 
  i understand that , the problem is that the eu has linked access to the single market to the political union , so if the uk want to fully trade with us ( especially services ) and also want a degree of control it has to accept `` ever close union '' . 
  otherwise you can accept lesser trade deal , i do n't think that you will tho, 
  of course you are , but you wont get it without the free movement ... 
  because before the world was different , no globalization , no strong enphasis on international trade deal and the most inportant : the eu did not exist . 
  now outside the eu the uk found itself in a strong competition with the eu , a competition that they ca n't win . 
  also they found themselves without any trade deal , without access to the single market edit : corrected emphasis, 
  what do you think of an eea agreement , like norway ? 
  because that is probably what the uk will end with in the end, 
  the eu is a continental institution and it is accustomed to deal with more than 1 crisis at the same time , i mean the last 8 years was crisis after crisis after crisis , so i do n't see this wait plan working , i still think that as soon as article 50 is activated the market will react badly, 
  so you 're saying that if the uk trigger article 50 today the market will not crash ? 
  if so we will revisit this discussion when this happen, 
  quite simply , the market does n't believe that the uk will leave the eu anymore , at least for now that 's the reason for the rally and tranquillity of the stock market, 
  this explain the eu insistence on no informal talk and on the need for the uk to `` hurry up '' , they know what is up with uk leadership, 
  but who cares about being accused , he uk voted leave , they can think what they want, 
  eh , already 6th surpassed by france of all people, 
  the problem i see with the behavior of some british citizen is that they still think that uk is a superpower , but really , at least in the trade department is the eu that is the superpower now . 
  italy was a net contributor from the start , your not the only county `` losing '' money . 
  the money we give europe should be considered a long term investment , to develop other countries that can become a new market . 
  the decision is 100 % unilateral , i do n't know what your talking about, 
  we need to wait for the eurogroup response to know what will happen from the eu side but frankly i do n't think this will end well for both the uk and eu economies, 
  your unilateral decision is treathening our economy and the eurozone , for fuck sake italy just got out of the 2nd recession in 10 years and now your fucking everything up , so do n't be upset if we are mad right now . 
  your unilateral decision is treathening our economy and the eurozone , for fuck sake italy just got out of the 2nd recession in 10 years and now your fucking everything up , so do n't be upset if we are mad right now . 
  also you always had special treatment , it 's just a fact . 
  dont you pray to perkele ? 
  this data is from 2011 , do you have something more recent ? 
  i mean is n't this before the fornero reform , so 2 major reform ago, 
  yes , we have a containment and reduction program with brussels , it is actually working and starting to work better because we are doing better with gdp growth , if you watch our [ debt to gdp ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/government-debt-to-gdp ) you can see that we stabilized around 133 % and most important our deficit is going down , so i 'm hopefull for a reduction in coming years, 
  italy is `` too big to fail '' , a default would destroy the eurozone , let 's hope it does n't happen not only for italians but also for other eu countries, 
  it is mainly because during the econ crisis in 2008 we could not spend enough to sustain the economy because of our high debt , which is still causing problems . 
  the other thing imho is that with the common market we had to compete with more efficent economies . 
  but this article make it sound as italy is dead witch is not , because since 2008 we have implemented a lot of reform that have improved a lot of things . 
  italy today is certainly not the same as in 2008, 
  the fact that british citizen voted for brexit made many people think that , despite what we believed before and what you say , many in the uk think like the daily mall an the sun . 
  who cares what washington or beijing thinks , this is between the eu and the uk , mind your business for a change, 
  oh another person who think this , i thought i was alone, 
  oh europe would survive , a weak , ininfluential and poor europe . 
  in today world of globalization you simply can not compete and it will get worse, 
  oh europe would survive , a weak , ininfluential and poor europe . 
  in today world of globalization you simply can not compete and it will get worse, 
  oh europe would survive , a weak , ininfluential and poor europe . 
  in today world of globalization you simply can not compete and it will get worse, 
  as a roman , i need to also highlight that we founded the roman empire, 
  no we do n't, 
   since 2011 there have been only technical governments not elected by italian citizens italian vote the parlament not the government , every government we had was voted in by the parlament so was voted by the people . 
   all of these government just kept cutting some spending to then raise some other tax , all this while increasing the public debt , keep increasing the deficit they had to manage the deficit because of the huge debt left by the previous generations , we can argue about the correct things to do but something had to be done  keep asking for more money from eu what money from the eu , we are net contributor  yeah , slow growing , $ 173 millions to nato will not change anything to italian economy . 
  yes it wont , and spending in defence is also important , if you want peace you need to be prepared for war, 
  the fact that italy has a slow grow does n't mean that we have the `` worse economy '' , we still have a 2 trilion gdp , bigger than russia for comparison serbia has a 42 bilion gdp, 
   the difference is the fact that nato nor any one else annexed kosovo . 
  some argue that the eu is annexing the whole region now, 
  bacteria add flavour , it is known, 
  i really hope so , if france go to the dark side the eu is finished, 
  oh so it was not hatred for immigration ? 
  i 'm fairly sure that many of your citizen voted leave because they intensely dislike immigration from every place, 
  i personally do .
