  yes , i read that , but still i thought your opinion might be welcome as op especially requested input by police, 
  this is the moment for ... drum rolls ... 
  i hereby summon the mighty , the only ... / u/krautcop and as an absolute know-nothing i try to reply : 1 . 
  i think i 'll be corrected on this , but in germany you have several `` levels '' of police . 
  you have the mentioned decentralized local police forces , but you also have federal police ( bundespolizei ) which replaced the former federal border protection ( bgs ) forces . 
  they usually protect airports or large railway stations 2 . 
  so far i had only nice `` encounters '' with them , i never had a single officer being rude or unhelpful . 
  but so far i had the police only for assistance ( in my job , you sometimes need to call the police ) or at a traffic accident . 
  i 'm still feeling not that well however when i see a group of a hundred ( hundertschaft ) somewhere as on the one hand i should feel protected , but on the other hand if there 's a hundertschaft around there 's always a reason . 
  i ca n't say anything about that . 
  absolutely agree , these would the things coming to my mind as well . 
  another problem would be that leading positions are still usually held by men . 
  thanks for your replies , saved me a lot of work  about the energy storage thing , an interesting project about this is to redesign the prosper-haniel coal mine ( the last operational german coal mine ) into a huge pumped-storage power plant after the mine will cease operations by the end of next year . 
  this could be interesting as one of the main negative aspects of this kind of plant - the building of dams and the risks for animals could be completely avoided as the hole is already dug so there would n't be any new interference in the nature . 
  not directly disagree , but the german wikipedia article about the battle of jutland claims the outcome simply as `` indecisive '' and just shortly explains that both sides claimed victory afterwards , but that the strategic situation had n't changed . 
  the english wikipedia refuses to give a short result of the battle and gives an in-depth explanation how this battle could be seen as a victory for whom and mentions that viewing the result as indecesive is still influential . 
  i use the german versions , it 's by far the easiest . 
  as there 's enough content in german so usually i 'll find every help i need in my native language online . 
  at work it 's the same as i do n't need english at all at work and especially the job-specific software needs to be in german as it contains a lot of technical jargon which is n't translated easily ( and it would n't have any advantage doing so ), 
  i know . 
  i 've read everything about both what i could get in my fingers . 
  and as i already said , i 'm well aware it could n't happen exactly the same way . 
  about your a ) : no . 
  no one will give you any guarantee , ever , that every safety regulation is always followed by everyone . 
  as you seem to hold germans in high esteem about this , we recently had a serious train crash , many people died . 
  reason : the dispatcher did n't follow procedures as he was busy with a mobile game . 
  b ) as said : it ca n't happen exactly the same way . 
  but that does n't mean it ca n't happen a different way , at all i do n't know if they can entirely replace at all . 
  but i do n't see that gap . 
  after fukushima there was a so - called atom moratorium : directly after fukushima the gouvernment decided to shut down 8 of the then 17 plants for a few months . 
  two months afterwards , temporarily there were only 4 plants in service . 
  it was later decided to shut down the 8 plants permanently , so after the moratorium ended they did n't return into service . 
  the total number of black-outs was exactly zero . 
  i do n't say that this works for every country , germany had an advantage as the end of nuclear power was already in sight so renewables did already have their share . 
  and as i mentioned before , a lot of electricity is still produced using coal . 
  but i have no doubt germany can savely life without atomaric energy . 
  we 'll see at the end of 2022 when the last three reactors ( isar 2 , neckarwestheim 2 , emsland ) are scheduled to close for good if my hopes are right or your concerns turn truth . 
  on the one hand the reason / u/shapay199 already mentioned - we have no clue what to do with the waste which will remain for hundreds of thousands of years . 
  the 2nd part is : when it happened in chernobyl you could think `` oh yeah , russian technology . . '' but when it happens in a country like japan , it can happen in germany . 
  and no matter where it happens , there 's always the risk fallout comes over here . 
  i do n't say the exact disaster could happen ( i 'm well aware it could n't happen exactly the same way ) but the risk is too high . 
  and i ca n't forget these were the two things it went actually wrong . 
  what about the disasters we almost escaped ( three mile island for example ) and the third , and for me the most important thing is : we are on a good way to replace everything with renewable energies , things that wo n't kill everybody if they break and wo n't pollute the environment . 
  so there 's no need to use the dirty , dangerous technology if we have something better at hand . 
  in germany the renewable energies are pushed very hard ( the term `` energiewende '' seems to have made it into english ) , it 's roots date back to the 1980s when new atomic plants were n't built due to public opposition . 
  the disaster at chernobyl basically ended any plans . 
  in the 1990s it was decided to get out of atomic plants completely ( the green party , a result of the 1980s opposition had become junior partner of a coalition gouvernment in 1998 ) . 
  this was later partially revoked by mrs merkel ( she did n't allow / encourage new plants , but allowed the existing ones to produce energy for a prolonged period of time ) . 
  after fukushima this was again revoked , germany plans to close it 's last atomic plants in a few years . 
  we still burn tons of coal , though the gouvernment plans to reduce coal power plants as well to save climate . 
  on the other hand , a lot of money is put into renewable energies , by now this is a complete new industry ( building and maintaining solar plants , wind turbines ) . 
  i do n't remember the name , but a few years a shipyard went bancrupt - it was saved by changing its production from ships to wind turbines . 
  i do n't know if we deal good or bad , but i see a lot of new jobs being created with the renewable energies and i 'm happy about every closed atomic plant . 
  i 'm against trump topic at all over here . 
  there are better suited subs like / r/askreddit , / r/nostupidquestions / r/askanamerican , / r/rant , / r/politics , or maybe for some voters even / r/instant _ regret i completely understand your point , but i really hope as he 's now in office these threads might end now , and at the end trump is neither `` for a european , about europe or anything europe related '' if you put this strictly . 
  usa . 
  heads of state come and leave . 
  so we 'll have to wait and see , but at one point someone else will be the next president . 
  the next one will have many people who love him / her , and others will hate . 
  so even if it 's the most powerful person in the world , no need to make a big story about this especially as the election as such is long over by now . 
  about driving in germany you should remind two things : there are indeed speed limits on big chunks auf autobahn network , these are enforced by marked and unmarked police cars and speed traps . 
  if there 's no speed limit though , there 's still a so called `` richtgeschwindigkeit '' of 130 km/h - that means you are allowed to drive faster , but if you crash it 's likely that your liability rises . 
  the second point worth mentioning : imagine you drive @ 130 km/h - please do n't change to the left lane without carefully checking it 's empty . 
  there might be someone approaching on the left lane who 's easily 100 + x km/h faster than you . 
  driving to cologone will mean you are going to visit cologne cathedral , every tourist looks for it and you ca n't miss . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  frankfurt does n't have so much to offer , honestly the city is pretty ugly . 
  if you want to see something less touristy you might want to look for sachsenhausen , you 'll get the typical frankfurt drink , apple cider ( apfelwein / ebbelwoi ) in very nice bars ( albeit you 'll get it anywhere in the city , of course ), 
  same here . 
  but at least you are allowed to keep your name when married over here as well ? 
  you just lack the surplus names ? 
  and we just want you to make sure we noticed you . 
  so do n't do anything stupid . 
  a simple thing is to frequently use english websites instead their german counterparts ( wikipedia , google news for example ) . 
  and i never , ever use the german subreddits and stick to the english ones . 
  i 'm still too busy playing stardew valley , so i do n't have time for many other games . 
  recently i tried civ v , but sdv costs too much time , 
  levent district is in the european part of istanbul, 
  thanks , i thought i was the only one struggling about a 3rd european country to visit which i have n't already seen . 
  i know , but op asked for countries i have n't visited yet  , been to the uk four times so far . 
  - ireland for the whisky and scenery - croatia - iceland, 
  yeah , i just checked for fun : if germany was a federal state of the us , it would be the 5th biggest , between montana and new mexico . 
  if slovenia was a federal state of germany , it would rank 9th ( out of 16 ) between sachsen-anhalt and rheinland-pfalz  but you 'd still not be the smallest us state , dc , rhode island , delaware and connecticut would still be smaller , and you 'd be right next to new jersey , that 's pretty something i guess !, 
  ok , compared to slovenia it might be big , but compared to the us or canada it 's tiny . 
  i just wanted to get across that unlike studying in the us it 's no big hassle to visit any location in germany no matter which city you decided to stay . 
  though i agree about the farming land thing you should visit northern germany at least once if you are in germany as the wadden sea of the north sea coast is a little natural wonder bavaria does n't have  but germany is so small it 's easy to travel between the complete county ( expect munich - hamburg around 6 hours by car or train or around one hour by plane ) . 
  i 'd strongly recommend against oktoberfest though , as it 's just a big ripoff for tourists . 
  if you want to see something less touristy , from locals for locals you should visit [ auer dult ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/auer_dult ) instead . 
  it 's by far more beautiful . 
  so cute , 
  beating around the bush - i always have a little neanderthal man in my mental eye who runs around a bush beating something . 
  though my native language is equally useless on this matter - literally translated to english we `` talk around the hot porridge '', 
  so you basically say that you do n't have any idea what freedom of speech means . 
  it means you ca n't be prosecuted , you ca n't be put in jail for your opinions . 
  but it does n't mean anyone has to agree with you . 
  sooo ... oops , if you do n't end up in prison for your opinion the eu seems to respect a very basic right many other citizens could not even dare dreaming of . 
  completely agree . 
  exactly . 
  almost everyone agrees that we luckily lost that war . 
  and on football level we do n't see the three lions as rivals as , uhm ... they have been somewhat less successful for decades by now , while `` our '' rivals ( i.e.
