  if i may ask , why are you considering italy , as an australian ( apart from your italian anc estry , i guess ? 
  the main issue here is not getting a job , but getting a decent one . 
  the problem with italy is that the most prosperous areas are extremely expensive compared to the wages they offer ( high-end consultant job are hellish and they do n't pay well at all for the first 5-10 years ) . 
  1500k are n't remotely enough to live where i am . 
  there are people with great careers ( there 's lot of rich people after all ) , but it 's really hard to get to that point , while australia is on a complete different level if you are a skilled worker . 
  moving abroad is a choice of personal dignity . 
  one does n't study so much ( because italian stem faculties are extremely and senselessly hard and punishing ) only to get offended by their ridicolous wages . 
  i 'm definitely gon na give a chance to my country and city , but i 'm ready to depart for better economical enviroments should i feel unconfortable . 
  just looking at the salaries my parents had makes me blush . 
  i do n't know of unemployed stem people ( we get job offers even before graduation here in milan ) . 
  most likely your friend was from the south and did n't even consider bad paid job . 
  i guess it 's the old gold mini jobs ( basically unemployment doping ) , like always . 
  i guess there 's a valid reason you do n't find drunk people dragging themselves around the major italian ( and south-european ) cities at 12am like you do in \u00c5rhus or aalborg . 
  i suppose it involves being able to spend more quality time with your beloved ones even if your monthly income is n't great , or perhaps having stronger bonds with the place and the context you 're born in . 
  but ehy surveys say denmark is the happiest european country , that must be true . 
  only if you are a stem & economics graduate you are 100 % certain to find a job ( in the north ) in a very short amount of time . 
  actually in spain and italy very few people go to university , compared to other countries . 
  even in spain and greece , regardless to what they say , it 's very uncommon ( i 've been there on vacation and did n't manage to find one ) , while i 've yet to find ( or hear of ) a single home/hotel without the beloved bidet here . 
  it may surprise you , but camorra does n't control every single thing . 
  we are well equipped against mafias . 
  someone is gon na buy them anyway, 
  it 's completely free here . 
  most of the museums are free for under18 ( in my city , at least ), 
  do n't trust too much economical data coming from high-evasion economies . 
  for example , some of the richest italian categories are often propertyless according to official data . 
  those are some unfortunate ( and very uncommon ) consequences of a specific disease ( there 's no generic `` cancer '' ) . 
  some people actually die of fever : you would n't never say that fever kills people . 
  certain kinds of cancer do affect your vision ( e.g. 
  the cerebral ones ) , most do n't . 
  i hope your mother gets the best treatments out there . 
  you deserve nothing more . 
  it does . 
  we have everyday examples . 
  some tumors have higher chances of coming back , some disappear completely . 
  you 're considered `` cured '' ( by the chemo ) after 5 years ( which is not randomly chosen : it 's proven that you basically get back to normality after a certain period ; some people are unfortunately prone to host cancer because of genetics , this is a problem you can not address with medicine right now ) of `` cancer inactivity '' . 
  also some recently found and used drugs ( i 've mentioned one before , it 's not the only one ) specifically kill cancer cells . 
  you get it partially wrong . 
  first , chemotherapy ( combined with other specific drugs , e.g. 
  rituximab ) work . 
  it 's not 100 % effective , but nowadays a great variety of cancer can be cured with little to no consequences in the long term . 
  we still are n't able to properly fight the most wicked ones . 
  second , cancer is basically a genetic disease . 
  there 's no way to avoid it by eating rare plants or practicing sports ( i 'm not talking to you specifically ) , you can improve your diet but you 're still gon na get it if you 're destined to . 
  still your advices are gold because an early-stage cancer is way easier to best than an advanced one . 
  according to the official datas , jewellers in south italy ( even in the north ) earn significantly less than a part time working student . 
  this is what you get when your knowledge of a certain country is based on forcedly standardized datas . 
  nobody can prevent you from thinking that italian hotel managers are sensibly poorer than they own employers ( this happens in the whole country , actually ) , but this may be not correspond to reality ( this is why the south , while not rich , is n't as remotely poor as they say ), 
  i think italy 's performance on dropouts is biased . 
  i was in a class of 30 people in my first year of high school . 
  we were reduced to a mere 16 a couple of years later - that is because you do n't simply change courses : you have to change institute ( therefore drop from one ) if you want to pursue a different educational path . 
  basilicata is n't poor ( it 's the only place in italy where they found oil !!, 
  ) , just irrelevant . 
  i wish this were true . 
  in milan that 's the ( average ) price for a peripheral apartment . 
  average wages are too low compared to the cost of living . 
  this is the sole reason . 
  why should a person live in england , germany , sweden or similar when you have everything ( food of immense variety and quality , infinite different landscapes , friendly people ) ? 
  it 's not the unemployment . 
  unless you are very poor , every educated person gets a job , but it often does n't allow you to live properly . 
  you work a lot more and receive less than your swiss colleague . 
  does it make sense , when you 're a skilled person ? 
  i am not sure whether an `` exitaly '' could really hit their interests , but they are not able to influence a vast majority of italian people . 
  also , they 're not killing politicians and/or civilians anymore . 
  they would attract too much attention ( the killing spree in 90s turned out pretty detrimental to them , very strict countermeasures were taken ) . 
  italian government is very serious about mafia hunting . 
  italy is not ruled by camorra . 
  let me state it clearly : mafia does n't exist in sardinia . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  you were simply unlucky . 
  a sudden change of prize of a similar extent would have make me ( and everyone , since salaries are still the same ) significantly richer . 
  it did n't happen , unfortunately . 
  i some bigger cities ( torino , milano , bologna ) you have excellent and cheap internet . 
  i 've got a 500 mbit/s now . 
  they are really pushing the internet right now . 
  lots of rural places in the north have the 100 mbit/s . 
   does n't need to observe the mean to know where it is . 
  how delirious . 
  italy is still a top exporter : you do n't achieve that by relying on `` cheap labour '' . 
  on the contrary , the backbone of italy 's industry are the high skilled manifacturers - not exactly something china can compete on . 
  most of the bigger industries have already delocalized their factories in turkey or similar places ( lower wages , acceptable standards ) , and that 's pretty much what has happened in every country . 
  we do have problems , we do suffer from a frequent lack of modernization and massive `` balkanization '' of our industry , our taxes are high and our justice is slow , but i do n't want to discuss the corruption topic . 
  it 's utterly false ( just specious propaganda ) . 
  in milan and rome you ca n't even rent a small one-bedroom apartment ( you can , actually , but it 's mostly outside the city ) with 800 euros , let alone the monthly costs of living . 
  i do n't know where you have extracted those statistics . 
  furthermore i do n't know anyone who earns that wage ( 800 euros ) , it would be impossible to live here . 
  the south is much less expensive but the bigger cities are n't . 
  pizza has never costed 10 euros . 
  it did ( in milan , lake of como etc. 
  ) , more specifically , but it costs as much as ( or a little bit more ) before pretty much everywhere . 
  the gypsies thing is also a bullshit . 
  actually it 's more like : north european women : beautiful women other south european women : beautiful women east european women : beautiful women ( who like money ) . 
  uk/irish women : beautiful women . 
  turkish women : beautiful women . 
  italian women : overrated, 
  it 's a private operator . 
  often `` private '' equals `` shitty '' in the south . 
  it surprised me too . 
  because of symbolism . 
  they did try different capitals , but no one could compete with the scary church centre ( back to when the pope was more influencial ) . 
  both my parents had the financial status to support a couple of children , yet they did n't have a single one until their late 40s .
