indeed , he was n't a banker . 
  his father did n't rule the bank -- but he managed to obtain questionable financing from the actual president thanks to his father 's ties . 
  we do n't have many details , actually . 
  i 've gone through his biografy and all he has to say about his sudden `` vocation '' is that he managed to persuade some pension-fund manager to divert money ( they used to invest it into public housing etc. ), 
  from rome to milan . 
  most of his fortunes comes from mediaset , actually . 
  his long-lasting friendship with craxi allowed him to monopolize the tv sector with basically no legal consequences . 
  his dad was n't a banker but yes , pretty accurate . 
  they have nothing in common - except for their taste for the young ladies . 
  berlusconi was successful as an entrepreneur ( unlike trump , lol ) , and his interests in politics were developed in a complete different context ( some say his final purpose was to avoid imprisonment , others think he was prosecuted because he wanted to enter the political stage ) . 
  he was clownish and unfit too , but he has never spoken about building walls or similar things ( then he allied with lega , but that 's another story ) . 
    lem me guess , an arab put some tomatoes and cheese on a piece of bread ? 
  as true as marco polo stealing pasta 's secrets from kublai khan . 
  it 's pasta . 
  not remotely unique . 
  wan na talk about the origins of pizza ? 
  it would easily be : 1 campania 2 sicilia ... 3 puglia ... 4 emilia romagna ? 
  arguments for the 3-4th spot could be produced , but the first two distance themselves by a large margin . 
  lol emilia-romagna is n't even in the top4 regions with respect to that . 
  not the best , not the widest variety , not even unique food . 
  tim , italy is n't really as divided as one may think . 
  the language is established , everyone speaks it everywhere , the only exception being some areas of alto adige where italian is actually a second language ( a despised one , at least for the older people ) . 
  sicily and sardinia are n't really insulated , people from those places commute everywhere in italy and there 's nothing like catalunya or basque country , the `` independence '' movements being nothing more than a joke ( literally ) . 
  when entering sicily from another part of italy you do n't feel like you 're changing country , unless you consider the sometimes unbearable huge gap in infrastructures between milan and palermo . 
  of course dialects are very diverse and mutually unintelligible , but there 's no need - anymore - for `` standard italian '' -- everyone speaks the same , with minor differences ( few words belonging to a specific dialect , often spread all around italy due to internal migration ) . 
   t be because the stay-home-mom thing just does n't exists in iceland ? 
  or is it because the whole population of iceland could be easily cointained in my neighborhood ( which i think it 's even more populated , actually ) ? 
  it 's not that . 
  it 's simple for a small country to focus every bit of activity into its capital city -- you 'll see a rise in gdp per capita since most of workers do not count as inhabitants . 
  it 's the same with luxembourg . 
  it 's not unequality and has little to do with wealth . 
  it 's just not single-colored like bologna used to be . 
  it 's by no means a conservative city ( i 'm milanese btw ) , let 's agree on that . 
  exactly . 
  and that 's just a soft introduction . 
  can not wait for the `` di maio i '' ( first m5g government ) to abolish wi-fi and vaccines . 
  actually pd has won everywhere in milan . 
  also the city ( including the upper class ) is historically leftist . 
  about the `` agreeing on gay marriage '' , i remember grillo itself backing up on adoption . 
  they do n't seem a right party just because they are n't , they just follow the flow : is that popular ? 
  is that going to make people angry ? 
  let 's push for it . 
  the same happened with the whole euro thing too . 
  they are shapeless . 
  yes , it means you were not perfect in handling immigration ( crime rates are higher in non-integrated people ) . 
  you 're in good company . 
  did n't want to make it sound like a conspiracy , it also happens with latvia or finland , i do n't know the exact amount of french people , just guessing, 
   and to insult france ( boringness , really ? ), 
  for no reason at all . 
  i love italy , but you guys really do n't give a good image of it . 
  lol , did i insult france just because i 've said your photoset is boring ( it was , anyway ) ? 
  were you elected as an official representative of 60m french , or your post made national treasure ? 
  i did n't remember asking your opinion on italy ( as a matter of fact , i 'm not interested in hearing it ) , and i do n't think you can infer the `` image of italy '' from the few insignificant words ( also implying that no image could be damaged by them ) of a random guy on reddit , but , hey , maybe i got elected too . 
  who cares . 
  there is a picture of a simple roman aqueduct in france which is one of the most upvoted things here . 
  i guess it 's a mix of good marketing and french people upvoting french photos . 
  france 's boredom got 2k votes . 
  i bet this one wo n't even reach 200 . 
   would italians start to send their money abroad , like the greeks after the syriza win ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  italy is much bigger than greece , there is no resemblance between the two countries . 
  about myself , i 'd easily emigrate into a more confortable enviroment ( i.e. 
  another eu country , sending myself abroad , not just my money ) if di maio were to become president . 
  your taste , your travel experiences -- we are not discussing them . 
  you were not talking about hiking , nature , natural scenery or even density ( greece is less densely populated than france , btw ) , you clearly said `` france is the only beautiful place in europe '' , which is quite strong as statement ( i mean , it 's a deafening bullshit , but i 'm not here to persuade you ) . 
  i was complaning about the `` anarcho tint '' ( whatever you meant ) , which is not something i could relate . 
  i do n't think you know italy ( i mean , out of politeness , it 's obvious that you do n't , you think greece and italy look alike , lol ) at all . 
  not that i care . 
  you do n't need to answer , anyway . 
  he was just being provocative . 
  how harsh of you . 
  are you trying to start a flame ? 
  in my city ( milan ) , a small-sized apartment for a family of 3 in the outer part of the city could easily cost up to 5 million sek . 
  my own ( 200 sqm , decent area , far from the centre ) - which i 'm ofc renting - costs about 7-8kk euros ( that is 7-8kkk sek ) . 
  that 's not something you could accomplish that early ( although is a more reasonable if you 've been working for 15 years -- yes , here some difference may hold , our labour market is n't doing good recently , but i 'm having a hard time at noticing the `` cultural distance '' in what you were telling ) . 
   since you are italian , and i and my parents have lived in italy , i 'll tell you what my parents have told me . 
  the italians were absolutely shocked to hear that they had a kid , a villa in italy , one in sweden , two cars and a boat , before being 30 years old . 
  most people their age in italy had just moved out from their parents a few years ago . 
  cultural differences . 
  they were shocked because , well , owning two houses and a boat and two cars before 30 would be a rare sight in every country . 
  in italy ( dunno about the prices there in sweden ) it would mean you 're basically a millionaire . 
  rpm , most of italians talking about italy here are just spouting nonsense . 
  it is true that salaries for young workers are n't on the same level of germany , but a job in engineering paid `` about 1000 '' does not exist . 
  also , the more experienced one tend to earn way more ( on the average , a little less than their american counterpart ) . 
  according to some data , my parents earn more than the average danish person ( i mean : more than 70k $ per year ) , yet all i had to pay for the university was 1600 euros . 
  i would n't call that expensive . 
  in italy too . 
  i have not . 
  but some of my colleagues did , and they were really competent ( also , we got the chance to compare our studies , it turned out we were on the exact same level ) . 
  i 'm talking about stem studies ofc . 
  i do n't know about your specific situation and i know nothing about ls 's organization , but that does n't seem relevant . 
  it 's not the schools . 
  it 's the cities , like you 're pointing out . 
  being good =\\ = have a good reputation, 
  quirite , you 're producing senseless content . 
  the reputation is n't bad for la sapienza ( and i live quite far from rome ) , which is actually one of the most prestigious italian universities according to the various rankings ( which are complete trash to me , yet ... ) . 
  people do n't usually move from the north simply because they do n't have a reason to . 
  yeah , i feel so old at 27 . 
  i feel so stupid for not having lived to the fullest when i had the chance 3 years ago . 
  do n't try to imitate me .
