  i 've never had the chance to get cured in the south , but in the north many hospitals are astonishing . 
  south is ok for regular hc . 
  1 ) way better food and mainly culture 2 ) decent amount of sport, 
  false . 
  the system was n't sustainable anymore , now it is . 
  it was the right time to reform it . 
  now you 'll get back what you contribute for . 
  if it is n't too much for most people , something else has to change ( wages ? 
  financial education ? ), 
  which is even stranger , given our historical predominance !, 
  i ( supported by basically every existing data ) do n't think so , but that 's not the point ( i did n't want to be offensive , i did n't express any opinion on spain nor i feel resentment towards it , why should i lol ? 
  yeah , i think the infant mortality plays the biggest role , but i 'm not sure whether the urss situation is replicable by any eu ( and/or modern ) country . 
  i 'm not calling your country a failure ( i 'm sorry if i made it look that way ) . 
  what i 've said does not involve your country directly ( mine has the same issue , as i was pointing out ) : you can easily cheat in the efficiency ranking by simply cutting your expenditure ( which is exactly what has happened in the case of spain , chile etc. ) . 
  this is not something to be proud of ( because it is a failure ) , it would n't be even if germany was at the top standings . 
  do not take this personally . 
  about the gdp , you may want to know that it would actually be purchase-parity adjusted ( as meaningless as the other measure , anyway ) and basically related to public expenditure ( which , in your case , does not involve hc , i guess ) and , well , it 's just something you keep saying without actual data ( there 's no official release to be found , only a 3d here on reddit and few old articles predicting something that has yet to happen ) . 
  unfortunately every country has its own issue ( take the 20 % unemployment , for example ... ) , and i do not recall having tied the destiny of my own ( actually , i do n't even care ) to my opinions . 
  it should be `` no one beats japan '' , actually . 
  hk & singapore & macau are too small to provide useful data . 
  well , because you did come here to brag about your country . 
  it 's not something you should be ashamed of ( everybody does that ) , i 'm just sorry to inform you that you 're bragging about a failure . 
  i want you to know that i do not envy spaniard or spain . 
  also , it looks pretty obvious that you can not address the critics with a proper argument ( i mean , something that is different from `` is just another measure !, 
  '' : because you 're also strongly advocating for it ) , so i think i 'm not going to reply anymore . 
  i 'm not . 
  i just hate this kind of ranking ( in which my country too places usually well , they are pretty fishy -- being able to cut squanderings in healthcare is a delicate matter , you can not just rely on `` efficiency '' , sometimes you have to push for inefficiency if you want to improve the overall quality , which includes somewhat `` useless '' services to the person ) . 
  what a wrongful statement . 
  the le is not necessarily related to the quality of hc ( you know , genetics do matter ) . 
  you can severely cut your health budget without having to face the consequences in the short term , which is exactly what spain did . 
  you came here to brag about your country only to learn its hc is actually worsening . 
  sorry about that . 
  very true . 
  how could a ranking which you can easily manipulate ( see spain and argentina 's jumps ) by simply cutting your health expenditure ( since people wo n't start to decay immediately after you decide to invest less money into the hc system ) be taken seriously ? 
  also i 'm not sure whether datas are correct at all ( they do n't match with every other data you can find , see who ones ) . 
  well , except for some unlettered and '' '' `` nostalgic '' '' '' folks , a `` sicilian/neapolitan indepencence movement '' is yet to be formed . 
  according to the italian state , those differences do not exist . 
  this is the global average ( it includes many non-stem degrees ) . 
  also , it greatly depends on the city -- i think pretty much every stem graduate gets employed . 
  still depressing . 
  1000 $ / month seems too low for a stem graduate . 
  i mean , i know plenty of them : everybody earns more . 
  actually we stole it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vincenzo_peruggia ( you may know the story already , but it 's always funny ), 
  the argument is not reusable on a bigger scale . 
  let 's say someone provides your evil country with heavy nuclear armament . 
  a random excuse like '' it was their fault for using it '' just wo n't hold , since you were perfectly aware of the consequences - you just wanted to grab some money from it . 
  first of all , germany is as underrepresented as any other big country ( germany 80m people , italy 60 , germany 96 members , italy 73 : same ratio ) . 
  i do n't want to discuss further since you seem not to be properly informed . 
  m\u00fcnchen -  monaco di baviera berlin -  berlino hamburg -  amburgo mainz -  magonza stuttgart -  stoccarda frankfurt -  francoforte leipzig -  lipsia dresden -  dresda everything else is pretty much the same . 
  i do n't know about ile-de-france , but i 'm pretty sure south tyrol and basque country are n't export powerhouses . 
  yes . 
  italy is still the 4-5 \u00b0 richest oecd ( which does n't include arab countries ) country in the world when it comes to median wealth . 
  way ahead germany , uk and usa . 
  how being a slightly better organized country is supposed to make them more successful ? 
  what do you mean by `` successful '' ? 
  do french think they are less successful than german people ( they do n't ) ? 
  everybody knows it in italy . 
  i mean , it 's not even a secret . 
  i 'm not saying he 's a terrible person : just a cosmic retard . 
  completely true . 
  http://www.uriasposten.net/pics/gianluigibuffon.jpg on the left , you can spot a fierce `` boia chi molla '' , the most famous fascist ( no , it can not be related to anything else ) motto . 
  on the right , focus on the bottom right corner of the banner : it 's a celtic cross , unmistakable fascist symbol ( again , no other possible meaning ) . 
  just a few examples . 
  he has a reputation of being a smart person aside from his goalkeeping skills . 
  i just wanted to point out that this is not the case . 
  he 's a fascist jerk . 
  please , do n't idolize fascist idiots . 
  i mean buffon . 
  if you 're willing to speak for youself , just do it . 
  do n't make it look like it 's a shared opinion . 
  i do n't perceive them as a more successful version of us . 
  that 's your personal opinion . 
  if `` the system '' is ireland + luxembourg + netherlands ( the king of private deals with large companies , funnily enough this post is full of dutch indignados : how could ireland have beaten us at our own game ?? ), 
  + uk + germany ( yes , extreme tax haven ) + denmark + sweden : yes , blame the system . 
  basically every northen european country is a tax haven of some sort . 
  they are all like : let 's blame the other ones for not being economically competitive as we are . 
  except everyone is cheating . 
  this also explains why piedmont is the worst italian region when it comes to food . 
  you know nothing . 
  things like `` all pizzas are the same '' totally disqualifies you . 
  that 's a serious option actually . 
  its volcanic activity might cease . 
  it 's not napoli ( so far it has never been significantly damaged by any eruption ) , but the whole `` zona vesuviana '' and its thousands of illegal houses built in the past . 
  let 's just hope it 's never gon na erupt anymore . 
  the tragedy would be unparalleled . 
  there are serious evacuation plans , but they 're gon na be mostly ignored . 
  trieste ( as well as udine ) is n't bad itself . 
  from an economic perspective , you are already living in the world 's whealtiest country ( i do n't think a single european country can match your average salaries ) . 
  that also implies your wages have to be normalized according to the cost of life , which is way cheaper here . 
  italian wages are n't all shit . 
  just entry-level ones ( well , one may not be able to get past the entry point nowadays ) . 
  let me repeat myself : if you manage to sneak in from an already consolidated position ( pretty much what every italian dreams about ) , then i do n't know of a better place to live in . 
  i am in love with trentino-alto adige , it 's a pleasant mix of austria & italy . 
  i suggest you to pay it a visit , even if only for vacation . 
  the city is cool but it 's more a financial hub . 
  milan is by far the richest and most vibrant , but i 'm not sure whether you will easily find a well-paid it job , because it jobs are too frequently underpaid in italy -- can not explain why . 
  my suggestion is to find your job through an australian/american company ( i mean , before coming here ) , it 's usually much better paid . 
  to me , the very bare minimum to live in the proper city is about 1500 euros ( if you are not choosy - i am - about the area and willing to rent a single room instead of an apartment ; otherwise you may consider external yet very close places - 15-20 minutes to reach the centre by metro - like sesto s. giovanni or cologno monzese , which are significantly cheaper : in milan a small peripheral house of about 30-50 mq is going to cost 7-800 euros ) . 
  there are other interesting ( and beautiful ) cities ( namely bolzano/trento , or the whole veneto region ) whose unemployment % is very low , but they may not easily meet your young appetite .
