  can into nordic yet ? 
  do we ? 
  oh yes , we do , salmon in fact . 
  just i do n't , 'cause i do n't like fish : i, 
  i 'm sure the germans got everything they wanted . 
  they wo n't want more . 
  revision for all !, 
  when 's the third vienna award ? 
  this was measured in case someone thought emigration was good for these countries . 
  what a surprise !, 
  and water is wet . 
  that was golden . 
  we did too . 
  both countries used international loans to keep up the living standards instead of to improve economy , but poland was still a bit worse than hungary at the end . 
  that hit me hard when i wanted to study in the netherlands , and you make about five times more money than we do so it was n't really appealing . 
  i pay ... nothing . 
  oh well , maybe living in hungary might have some advantages after all , 
  at first i only saw germany and italy . 
  then i spotted japan being second . 
  like a xiaomi redmi note 3 !, 
  there were darker times . 
  how bout 1910-1990 ? 
  those years have seen some crazy shit . 
  i think the baltics and the eastern countries that were annexed by the ussr had it worse than poland , hungary and the others behind the ic . 
  i thought the czech were doing the best . 
  the dutch never fail to surprise me . 
  i love the dutch . 
  from allah himself, 
  in fact , 0k is n't possible either because of the second law of thermodynamics . 
  you can reach 0.1 k but not 0k . 
  they do n't seem to work for north korea . 
  germoney plox, 
  oh look we are n't too bad . 
  i 've already grabbed some popcorn , do n't worry, 
  how about germany ? ^ ^ payback ^ ^ time !, 
  [ the king is praying ] ( http://mek.oszk.hu/01900/01905/html/cd8/kepek/muveszetek/mt534gf95540.jpg ), 
  wow , sick . 
  i just ordered 5 books . 
  i paid 0 $ . 
  the eu will go bankrupt because of us lol, 
  too bad we pronounce it differently, 
  i do n't think that means any good :d, 
   our king eventually gathered the opposition leaders and staged a coup d'etat in 1944 . antonescu was later executed for crimes against humanity yes , i knew about that , in italy it was also the king who got rid of mussolini , following which hitler occupied italy as well . 
   funny thing about our neutral king is that like our current president , he is of german origins . 
  and apparently hitler did n't like him . 
  secretly called him an ugly frog and this is what he looked like back then when he was young so joke 's on hitler hitler 's racial preferences were ridiculous throughout the war . 
  many do n't know that hitler wanted switzerland , an operation was planned to attack the country , the nazis just did n't get the chance because they lost to britain and hitler wanted the ussr more . 
  hitler praised the german , the dutch , the flemish , and the scandinavian ( nordic ) people for being of the aryan race yet he despised the swiss and the likes of your king for being unloyal to germany and being `` democratically minded '' . 
  is it ? 
  if that 's the case i stand corrected , never heard the term before . 
  we did n't want to enter either . 
  pm p\u00e1l teleki said , learning from the events of ww1 ( which we also lost as austria-hungary ) , that no matter what , we can not enter the war . 
  he knew that hitler was going to conquer europe and we will have to show slight cooperation , but nothing more than what 's necessary to stay out of the war . 
  however , when there was a coup d'etat in yugoslavia , hitler decided to strike it down and asked hungary to let the german soldiers pass through and also provide military assistance . 
  obeying hitler would have meant `` breaking up '' with the allies and disobeying hitler would have meant agreeing to a likely german occupation . 
  teleki could not decide , since there was no solution or option that would have let us stay aligned with the allies , so he commited suicide . 
  his successor b\u00e1rdossy was pro-hitler and things went down on a hill from that point , eventually resulting in what i said in my previous comment . 
  how `` well '' did they succeed ? 
  i hope not as well as here . 
  after the germans occupied hungary and gave the arrow party the lead , nearly 600,000 people were killed , i believe about 70 % of all jews in the country died ... 
  britain is a great power , and not a superpower like the us today and i ~ ~ think ~ ~ guess world power refers to superpower rather than great power . 
  that 's right . 
  i can only think of dj khaled . 
  if brexit is happening , when is article 50 ? 
  because versailles . 
  interestingly enough however , switzerland is in schengen while it is n't in the eu . 
  make liechtenstein germany again jk, 
  we feel you , neighbours . 
  excellent , til . 
  he said country . 
  great britain is an island . 
  it is neither a country nor a state . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_britain, 
  are we in this ? 
  can hungary into space ? 
  oh do we ? 
  good to know . 
  shows how much i care about domestic politics lol, 
  by ` standard ' you mean imperial and by ` form/system of math ' you mean system of units ? 
  i can not say anything else , the numbers speak for themselves . 
  and it 's exactly what the ussr did n't let central and eastern europe have . 
  communism was good as long as the living standards could be kept up . 
  the so called and beloved goulash communism collapsed the moment the bloc got into economical crisis and the standards could n't be maintained , only with debts , which made the economy even more unstable . 
  this is fascinating to watch , how brexit seems to backfire . 
  lbs ? 
  what is this language ? 
  i only speak metric . 
  oh , and this is / r/europe, 
  i like this . 
  i wish romania the bests . 
  if it 's capable of wiping corruption out to a great extent , it 's facing a brighter future and a higher level of development . 
  they are n't , lgbt and religions in general are n't really compatible . 
  may really miscalculated herself . 
  if you ask me , that 's a good thing , she just made the tory minority possible . 
  hi fellow hungarian , i love you too !, 
  it 's a very , very dark place . 
  no government is perfect but i think that as long as a country works well and can keep up its development and quality of life , high taxes are alright . 
  denmark is a perfect example . 
  they have high taxes in general , not just vat , but they are also very highly developed . 
  hungary and croatia are fucking with their citizens because they have high vat rates but nearly not as high development .
