to this day she hurls me into a fetal position , shivering like i 've stared death in the face . 
  still moomin holds a very special place in my heart . 
  this is truer than most swedes would even dare to admit . 
  i never said there was n't . 
  but yes , you are correct . 
  it was n't an issue of shame , it was a poorly worded jab at muslims . 
  well , you could argue that 's what the states are doing in the middle east as of now but that would probably be nitpicking . 
  but yes , not currently . 
  but we have done so several times before , we have even gone genocidal on eachother in his name several times before . 
  edit : way to go with that edit . 
  making your `` opponent '' look like an ass . 
  well done !, 
  and that differs how from the extremely narcissistic megalomaniacal genocidal bigot , whom most of the west worships ? 
  it is . 
  extremely snobbish , borderline suicidal and completely ignorant of traffic laws and regulations . 
  should also point out that i 'm currently living in sweden . 
  enhanced probably . 
  looks like someones dad built a fighter sim in his garage . 
  the rafale had the nicest looking while the jas looks the comfiest . 
  do you have a word for what some swedes would call a `` jet mosquito '' ? 
  to clarify , a jet mosquito sounds like it 's literally in your ear but in reality it 's in the other room . 
  stockholm , nothing but a bunch of entitled little shits and hipsters . 
  and it 's layout is completely mental . 
  i 've only met older ( above 35 ) who were against it , but then again i 've only met a dozen or so finns so that might be totally irrelevant . 
  someone in the late 80s deemed it `` immoral '' and that 's the end of that . 
  you keep your m. . . 
  wait a minute ... 
  i 'm not surprised in the slightest . 
  they do this do pretty much any big act that has a history of drug use . 
  some artists are n't even playing in sweden anymore because of it . 
  but it still makes me wonder how we manage to have all these gigantic reagge-festivals every summer . 
  indeed . 
  i 'd say unsane is an apt description of them . 
  they all tried to make their own os , most of which sucked literal ass . 
  when it became a hassle to use the phone most users switched to either android or ios . 
  some companies actually saw that happening and reacted to it , samsung is one of them . 
  i had no idea that flag was russian , might be time to read up on some flags . 
  but yeah , you 're right . 
  i was so hyped to share some swedish novels then i remembered that everything i 've read is n't even from scandinavia . 
  but a lot of [ astrid lindgrens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/astrid_lindgren ) works are pretty top notch , i 've only seen the tv/movie adaptations though . 
  absolutely , but if you need to use valuable vehicles to defend/build/haul it , it 's still not that useful . 
  might work as pre-emptive method but not much more . 
  drop it from plane on the other hand , it 'll make a nice hole where it lands and then the soldiers can use it straight from the pallet . 
  but it 's still too much work involved to be a better alternative to sandbags . 
  you can pack a roll of sandbags in every soldiers sack but you ca n't make a soldier carry * one * of these things . 
  you * need * to haul it in and then retrieve them as well . 
  a 75kg hunk of steel is n't really a consumable . 
  reinforcing outposts along a supply route is the best option for them in an active combat zone , or as i said earlier a pre-emptive method for reinforcing already built pillboxes/foxholes/outposts . 
  i 'd love to see you driving that piece of cardboard into a combat zone . 
  you seem to underestimate the sheer work involved . 
  6 guys would be dead tired after 10 minutes of hauling this . 
  as you ca n't throw them you 'd still need machinery to move most of them , raising them would take far longer than 10 minutes . 
  if you need a hundred of them it 's going to take forever to move and place them . 
  200 men for a bunker for two , not especially useful . 
  in the snails defense , damn they looked tasty . 
  but the `` icky '' thought of eating a snail still resides . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with eating frogs and other `` wierd '' stuff , but a slimy deflated balloon ai n't getting in my mouth . 
  [ i am not responsible for any harm that comes to the listener because of this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvjaxdf2qe4 ), 
  first take a nap !, 
  then fire ze missiles !, 
  interesting find , terrible video . 
  seems to be roughly the same length and depth as the tunnel between uk and france so i do n't see why it should n't be feasible . 
  so 20 % is represented by the fact that no one can get a job ? 
  hmmm , somethings fishy here ... 
  se btw . 
  sitting in the front row of the deterioration of a first world economy because it needs to appease everyone 's feelings . 
  sweden ftw . 
  i could n't let go of the feeling that 's how danish sound to swedes . 
  quotas are n't necesseary to defend peoples choices . 
  there 's * no * stopping a wwoman who want to be a mechanic nor a man who wants to be a kindergarten teacher . 
  it 's the peoples reactions to that , that are the problem . 
  nothing else , you wo n't change peoples opinions with quotas . 
   how is it a fault to desire success ? 
  why should it ? 
  i never said it was . 
  feminists are demanding quotas for women in higher positions , but they 're not demanding quotas for mechanics . 
  and yes , some men want to be ceos . 
  just not all of them . 
  they want to be ceos not factory workers . 
  the downvote you received is a clear indication of why . 
  because penis . 
  some of their supporters do n't care if you 're caucasian and speak perfect swedish , if sd got majority the same supporters would feel even more justified to behave like cunts . 
  which is the biggest factor in my decision . 
  i actually do n't know . 
  yup . 
  i have a small feeling that i do n't want to be here if sd gets majority . 
  probably the same thing as always , nothing . 
  remove every warning label , you should need a license to procreate , legilize every drug . 
  when did this change ? 
  i used to be able to get pints for # 2,20-2 ,50 and bottles for around # 3 when i lived in the uk . 
  st\u00f6kat = / = mess , at least in this context . 
  acting up would be a more appropriate one . 
  they also are a cult , not a church . 
  i 've lost two classmates to them . 
  3rd grade . 
  by the end of third grade i was fluent while speaking . 
  writing not so much and still ai n't for some reason . 
  everyone i know , knows english well enough to be able to live in an english speaking country . 
  i know two , english and swedish .
