  from what i 've read on askreddit , different americans have different experiences with this . 
  some wrote that they went to schools where nobody said it after elementary school . 
  others wrote that they went to schools where up until senior year , it was social suicide to not say it ; and where teachers de facto made it mandatory through shaming . 
  i have only heard about davey crockett , but i do n't really know what he did/what he is famous for . 
  i do n't know who the others are . 
  i am 20 but i usually do n't get carded . 
  it really depends on the mood of the cashier . 
  prague and budapest are too far away to visit on a day trip from a hotel in vienna . 
  it 's 4-5 hours to get there , and then you still need 4-5 hours to get back to vienna again . 
  which would take up most of the day . 
  it is honestly really fun to just stick with one city . 
  you 'll feel much less hurried that way and you 'll be able to enjoy more obscure hidden gems in the city that way . 
   i would assume florence is a little less hectic . 
  it 's not actually . 
  i 've visited both and florence felt even more touristic than rome . 
  mostly because all the popular tourist attractions in florence are relatively close to each other . 
  the lines in front of the museums in florence were insane ( but worth it , the uffizi was absolutely amazing ) . 
  i also got fed up with the street vendors real quick in both rome and florence . 
  first-timers in the netherlands should first stick to amsterdam , and if you 're tired of that after a few days , you could make day trips to haarlem , marken , the bollenstreek tulip fields , etcetera . 
  amsterdam has beautiful architecture , channel boat trips , interesting and magnificent art museums , a great atmosphere , good ethnic food . 
  not at all . 
  a couple of fraternities probably host halloween-themed parties , but that is a very recent innovation that is part of the ongoing americanization of popular culture . 
  there is no such thing as trick-or-treating either , because dutch children already go from door to door carrying lanterns and singing songs in exchange for candy on the 11th of november ( st. martin 's day , called sint maarten over here ) . 
  true , but uzbekistani history has a degree of interconnectedness witj the region that probably makes him associate it with the middle east . 
  english language songs dominate in the pop charts . 
  among hiphop however , dutch language rap seems to dominate . 
  i myself listen to a lot of dutch language artists though : spinvis , ramses shaffy/liesbeth list , guus meeuwis , stef bos , boudewijn de groot . 
  that kind of stuff . 
  i have been revisiting age of empires ii ( the hd re-release ) a lot over the past few weeks . 
  it remains my favourite game . 
  we never had to learn anything by heart , let alone poetry . 
  learning stuff by heart is obviously an incredibly useless way of learning . 
  well , when i was in america , one woman thought we spoke english in the netherlands , while another thought that we spoke danish . 
  innocent mistakes , really , but it shows that my country is somewhat unknown to americans . 
   an active night life is important to me so if you could factor that in as well that would be great . 
  in that case you should choose berlin . 
  that city has one of the world 's foremost nightlife cultures . 
  well my mother 's side of the family are a prime example of tokkies ( dutch asozialen ) so i might have a gene or two in common with the type of people that buy tables like this . 
  but anyway , they look mad useful for all kinds of stuff . 
  everything i know about marginalen comes from the helaasheid der dingen, 
  there is a difference between bro country and good old americana country . 
  i want a table like that, 
  well , you can support left-wing economics while holding conservative views regarding social issues and immigration . 
  a lot of these are n't very accurate . 
  can i ask where you are from ? 
  i personally do n't think a lot of european countries have us state counterparts , and vice versa . 
  the big problem is that european countries formed very organically , while a lot of us state borders started out as proverbial lines on a map , lines that were almost never updated to reflect the situation `` on the ground '' , meaning that you 'll find that socio-economic cultural regions in the us often do n't conform to state borders at all . 
  take florida for example : northern florida might as well be part of the deep south , while central/southern florida has its own , distinct vibe . 
  anyway , i 'll try my best to match as many as i can , based on my rudimentary knowledge of individual us states : * switzerland - texas - this is the one that came to mind immediately when i read your question . 
  i understand that the swiss love their guns , as do texans . 
  both places also value their autonomy and independent status and history within the larger framework of their respective geographic locales . 
  furthermore , switzerland is also generally speaking more conservative than surrounding countries . 
  currently , the biggest party in the swiss federal assembly is the anti-immigration and eurosceptic [ svp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_people%27s_party ) . 
  an extreme example of swiss conservatism would be that it was n't until 1991 that the last canton ( the swiss equivalent of an us state ) granted women the vote on local issues . 
  * the particular brand of religious conservatism found in poland sometimes reminds me of the u.s. bible belt . 
  poland would also make a good counterpart for utah , because both are surrounded by relatively irreligious states/countries . 
  * the rust belt states are somewhat similar to russia and ukraine : lots of urban decay after all the industry went bankrupt , and a massive hard drugs problem . 
  both the rust belt and ukraine are also at the bottom ends of the population growth rankings for respectively the us/europe . 
   milo\u0161evi\u0107 conducted his own defence in the five-year-long trial , which ended without a verdict when he died in his prison cell in the hague on 11 march 2006 . 
  what exactly did the hague do wrong here ? 
  what did the hague court do wrong ? 
  what i said in another comment : the amount of people that a given area can support is highly variable . 
  there is a reason why bangladesh has over a 1000 people per square kilometre , and mongolia has just 2 people per square kilometre . 
  fertile and resource-rich areas support a lot of people , infertile and resource-scarce areas support few people . 
  regarding your country : the australian outback can only support a tiny , tiny amount of people . 
  it is infertile , it has a hostile climate , it is not a convenient location for industry , and the resources that were there ( mining products ) are rapidly being depleted . 
  the maximum amount of people that is economically viable in the australian outback is very low , probably way less than a single person per square kilometre . 
  if i 'd hazard a guess , i 'd say that every 10-50 kilometres of the australian interior can support one person , at the absolute maximum . 
  your country probably has already approached the maximum amount of people it can support . 
  more people will probably make the living standards drop . 
  the issue is not living space , the issue is the economic viability of the land . 
  even in densely populated countries like the netherlands or bangladesh , most land is not covered in urban areas - the maximum threshold instead is dictated by the economic value of the land ( i.e. 
  are there resources , is the land fertile , is it a good idea to build industry there , is the climate hospitable , those are all important questions ) . 
  it 's a stupid statement though , because the amount of people that a given area can support is highly a variable . 
  there is a reason why bangladesh has over a 1000 people per square kilometre , and mongolia has just 2 people per square kilometre . 
   we have a similar amount of fat people , but your fat people take fat to a whole new , extremely impressive level . 
  i noticed this too . 
  the proportion of people that are overweight seemed quite similar to many places in europe , but those that were overweight ? 
  man !, 
  they were fat as fuck !, 
  in that case i would n't want to sign a trade and investment deal that says we 'd treat foreign companies the same way as we treat local companies . 
   because to be fair , it is only really the coasts of australia that are inhabited . 
  the rest is barren land , and queensland is pretty shit as well . 
  how is this connected to your first statement ? 
  i do not like the idea of those rules at all . 
  this would give foreign companies too much leeway to block domestic laws that are being implemented for the common good - such as environmental regulations . 
  and you can bet your ass that companies will exploit every legal avenue to fuck over the general population in order to increase their profits . 
   implementing domestic rules that favor local companies and this is wrong why exactly ? 
  i am also not danish , but do know one thing : i think he mistakes english being a subject in danish schools with the whole curriculum being in english ( which is not the case ) . 
  as far as i know , there is no country in europe ( outside of the uk and ireland ) where english is the primary language of the education system . 
  the dutch-speaking parts of belgium ( vlaanderen ) , hands-down . 
  we speak ( roughly ) the same language , so that helps a lot . 
  the southern parts of the netherlands are in some aspects culturally closer to belgium than to the rest of the netherlands , so they probably have an even stronger connection to belgium than the rest of the netherlands . 
   and their stereotypes are n't exactly nice , social people . 
  the dutch stereotype of germans changes a lot depending on which dutchman you ask . 
  a lot of people that i know consider germans to be friendly , polite people . 
  depends on who you ask  [ according to this dutch folk singer , it definitely is best brabant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaizl1tz-so ) . 
  the people that are from there even just call it brabant , not noord-brabant . 
  there are actually three provinces ( approximately the dutch/belgian equivalent of an us state ) called brabant : * noord-brabant ( north brabant ) - situated in the netherlands * vlaams-brabant ( flemish brabant ) - situated in belgium * waals-brabant ( walloon brabant ) - situated in belgium the two belgian brabant provinces could probably be called `` south brabant '' together . 
  this might be the most american question ever asked on this subreddit , so i am going to assume you are a troll .
