why ? 
  i missed a lot of sleep the last couple of days , so my critical thinking skills are sub zero . 
  it is not a high birth rate , but turkish europeans are a notable demographic anomaly . 
  in fact , the turkish birth rate in the netherlands ( 1.7 ) is lower than that of native dutch people ( 1.8 ) . 
  however , the birth rates of other muslim groups in the netherlands are all 2 + , sometimes even approaching 3 . 
  sure : http://www.pewforum.org/2015/04/02/main-factors-driving-population-growth/ http://www.pewforum.org/2015/04/02/main-factors-driving-population-growth/pf_15-04-02_ch1graphics_fertilityregion640px/ fertility rate of 1.6 for all europeans , 2.1 for muslim europeans . 
  the difference might not seem much at first glance , but demographically speaking , a difference of almost 25 % in fertility is enormous in the long run . 
   functional buildings are generally ugly keep telling yourself that to justify the soul-crushing monstrosities of modernism . 
  lots of aesthetically pleasing old architecture is very functional . 
  muslims have incredibly high birth rates compared to the native populations of europe . 
  hence , demographic replacement is not an unthinkable scenario on a long enough time scale . 
  especially if one considers the extremely high retention rates of the islamic faith . 
  in fact , complete demographic replacement is already happening on a miniature scale in the poorer neighborhoods of big western european cities . 
  my mother 's side of the family is from amsterdam . 
  in the span of 50 years , lower-income neighborhoods changed from almost completely dutch to almost completely turkish/moroccan . 
  how is it comparable to the kkk ? 
   if europe does a good job at integrating those arab and so far we did n't . 
  hashish is not haram , only `` discouraged '' ( forgot the arabic word ) , whatever that means . 
  yeah , well that has always been the point of the magazine . 
  i do n't get why people are so surprised about it . 
  they made fun of their own shooting in the immediate aftermath , yes . 
  bottom-of-the-barrel humour is one part of the magazine yes . 
  i think everyone forgot that after the attacks or never even knew about it in the first place . 
  it is offensive , but they should never be prohibited from publishing it . 
  express your dislike of it , but do n't prohibit them from publishing it . 
  what did you expect ? 
  it is charlie hebdo . 
  they make fun of everything . 
  no exceptions . 
  they are not the goody two shoes publication that the general public thinks it is in the wake of the first paris attacks . 
  personally , i love this dark type of humour , but i can see why people find it horrific . 
  and we are entering this infinite repeat of events again . 
  when are we doing the hashtag and the facebook profile photo overlay ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  it 's not their gender or their race that has motivated them , it has been their religion that motivated them . 
  why do they need shared sovereignty ? 
  ca n't they just be given a special status ? 
  in the past , there used to be no border controls in the belgian enclave of baarle-hertog inside the netherlands too . 
  ... what ? 
   luckily though why ? 
  ca n't we let the people 's voice be heard ? 
  it seems ` remain ' and ` leave ' are almost tied . 
  which one do you personally think is going to win in the end ? 
  if you take a few million people , there are bound to be a few crazies among them . 
  uganda is certainly not an outlier in such radicalism in that region of the world . 
  all those countries have backwards views of gay rights . 
  to be honest , this looks even worse than the animation , because of the grittiness . 
  it reminds me of a karst landscape . 
  `` varsovian '' sounds like the inhabitant of a fictional nation in an alternate history novel . 
   i have over 42 years !, 
  ted cruz is a german ? 
  worse , half of them have to live next to wallonia . 
  my best friend in primary school was hindustani from suriname , and his famiky was originally from kerala . 
  very friendly people : playdates with him are some of my favourite memories . 
  the house they lived in always smelled like spices and they had a kitschey art piece of ganesha on the wall . 
  it was all a bit stereotypical but visiting their house felt like a warm bath . 
  his father had one rule : my father was n't alllowed to be in the same room as my friend 's mother . 
  so when my father came to pick me up , he always had to wait just outside the doorstep for me to come downstairs . 
  my uncle went to india once in the 1980s . 
  he told me that the extreme poverty shocked him . 
  when he came back , my father asked him what india was like , and the first thing he said was `` there were a lot of people . '', 
  dutch women are on average the tallest in the world . 
  why do you americans always start paragraphs with `` fuck , ... '' and `` hell , ... '', 
  yes , that 's true . 
  but i would hate for people to pass up on a regular holiday to russia , just because there is this unfair stereotype of it being `` unsafe '' . 
  maybe in estonia , but living standards in countries like ukraine , moldova , bosnia and albania are still very , very low compared to west europe - even for well-educated people . 
  of course , those countries are the worst of the worst when it comes to eastern europe . 
  estonia has the third highest hdi of eastern europe , only behind slovenia and the czech republic . 
  i think you overestimate the unsafety of russia . 
   does austria just let germany take the blame for hitler or do you guys inform ( it 's the right word here edit ) that he was born there and try to inform people ? 
  i do n't think the country of birth has much to do with the amount of blame that a country should take for a person . 
  he was elected and subsequently endorsed by ( a large percentage of ) the german people ; hence if there is one country that should take the blame for hitler , it 'd be germany . 
   why do all of you seem to dislike baggers in grocery store ? 
  i do not dislike it , but it is unexpected . 
  i do n't think there is even a single grocery store over here in the netherlands that bags your groceries for you , so we 're not used to it . 
   thoughts on the european union after brexit and talk from other countries ? 
  the european union is an important organization whose existence has led to stability and an absence of war between its member nations . 
  by improving cooperation and standardizing laws , it has also made europe an economic force to be reckoned with : the sum of its economy is greater than its parts . 
  however , i wish the european union would stay out of political issues that are not strictly economical or related to diplomacy . 
  its insistence on enforcing uniform policy regarding the uptake of refugees is unnecessary and hurts the relations between eastern and western europe . 
  also , as it stands now , the european union suffers from a serious democratic deficit . 
   how do you 'll ( i know generalizing us bad ) feel about when americans pronunciation things differently i.e. 
  quite frankly , i could not give a damn . 
  i mispronounce english words all the time . 
  i learned a lot of english from reading books , news articles and internet discussions , so for many words goes that i have never actually heard them pronounced by a native speaker . 
  i even get some very mundane words wrong , like `` olives '' . 
  so i imagine that the same goes for an american pronouncing foreign place names and words . 
  it only bothers me when words or names are mispronounced by people that should know better . 
  the way major american politicians pronounce putin ( `` poodn '' ) . 
   how is colonialism taught i know here it 's in a very negative manner ( yes even in regards to the philippines and cuba ) i remember it being taught in a very neutral manner during my time in school actually . 
  we got taught about the dutch involvement in the atlantic slave trade triangle , the exploitation of indonesian workers during colonial times , and the koelie system in suriname , to name some examples . 
  however , there was never a focus on `` guilt by association '' , there was never a feeling that we , the dutch kids in class , were in any way responsible for the actions of those colonials . 
  which is , in my opinion , the fairest way to go about this . 
  we learned about the facts of these atrocities , and then moved on . 
  i know that reddit gives a very skewed representation of american popular culture , but it seems as if there is an extreme and obsessive focus on ` white guilt ' and ` decolonization ' in the american education system , especially in colleges . 
   what 's some of your favorite craft beer ? 
  jopen , not because it is the best beer i have ever had ( it is good beer , but not stellar ) , but because it is the beer brewed in haarlem , the town i grew up in . 
  i have lots of fond memories drinking the stuff together with my friends in pubs and at home . 
   when are second languages taught and when does teaching end for them ? do people use them on a regular basis ? 
  the english language starts being taught in the last grades of primary school ( ages 9-11 usually ) , and in some schools even earlier than that .
