no , it 's just more and more people are realising we ca n't help all these people , and how many of them are looking for handouts . 
  the less ways they have into mainland europe , the better . 
  though i do hope they do n't accidentally walk into a minefield , that 'd be fairly horrific . 
  where are all the `` oh these people are educated and we should be taking in as many as we can '' fellas who usually inhabit these immigration threads now ? 
  ca n't have your moral high ground circlejerk with this shit , can you ? 
  i know that it is morally wrong , but i do believe that europe should not take these migrants . 
  doing so sends out a strong message that will see us flooded and overwhelmed with them , which you know will give rise to hatred of them from native people of the countries they come to . 
  we just ca n't support them all . 
  if you look around this thread , there 's quite a lot with the same views he has , it 's not like he 's the only one saying this . 
  i do n't agree with them but hey , everyone 's entitled to their opinion . 
  so people are n't allowed to post on subreddits you do n't like and then post here ? 
  oh fuck off , we 've taken enough up the arse with all the debt , we do n't need more problems . 
  it 's not just animal cruelty , there are people celebrating the deaths of these people in this thread . 
  right , i 'm fairly certain you 're a troll then . 
  `` liberalism is a political philosophy or worldview founded on ideas of liberty and equality . '', 
  first thing that comes up when i type in liberal , from wikipedia . 
  go away now with your snarky dictionary stuff . 
  oh come off it . 
  you know as well as i do what a liberal opinion on this is . 
  i understand my opinion is not liked on here and i do n't mind that , but do n't do stuff like that . 
  a very left leaning opinion does not condone bullfighting . 
  itt : bleeding heart liberals edit : right , i apologise for coming off a bit harsh , everyone 's entitled to their own opinions sure . 
  [ happy centenary everyone !, 
  * eye twitches *, 
  most would like to see a reunification but know it will not happen for generations . 
  the troubles is still a fresh wound in many people 's minds . 
  of course , though when you look at the basis of a lot of religions they deem towards charitable things ( ten commandments are pretty peaceful , in fact there is that big do not kill rule ) , islam has that thing where they want people to donate a certain percentage of their income to the needy . 
  it 's when sects break off twisting messages ( isis , westboro ) that things get very messy . 
  also , it 's not as if your regular muslim decides , hey , isis is a good idea , let 's kill some infidels . 
  someone who has a very clear moral conscience does not go off and do that . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4bfphr/majority_of_norwegians_dont_believe_in_god_for/d190v7g ) , for my views on the catholic church and what they did to ireland during the 20th century . 
  i 'm not here to defend them . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4bfphr/majority_of_norwegians_dont_believe_in_god_for/d195zwq ) , for me talking about how religion was not solely to blame for the troubles . 
  yes , religion has brought suffering , but it has also brought people together and strengthened communities . 
  it has its good sides , and its bad sides . 
  i 'm not debating that . 
  but i think it 's a bit childish to say that without religion we would be in a better place . 
  human beings have shown they can create great destruction and pain without religion ( stalin , mao , hitler ) . 
  they have also shown they can create the same with it . 
  there 's always going to be something that starts a war . 
  greed , lust for power , fueled by religion , or enticing hatred against a race , or the old `` we need to share our wealth and culture with the our neighbours '' excuse . 
  true . 
  but look , that 's still a long way off yet ( i hope ) . 
  we 'll see how things are by then i suppose . 
  oh right . 
  i will say , one thing i very much enjoyed during the junior cert curriculum we did in secondary school here is religion class focused on morality , and the teaching of other religions like judaism and islam rather than focusing solely on catholicism like primary school . 
  i agree with what you 're saying , but saying children should not be indoctrinated into religions , while yes , it 's a fair statement , religion generally plays a part in a country 's culture , so it can be a difficult task to achieve . 
  if i was to have kids at some stage , i would teach them about god at first , but as they grow into teenagers let them choose how they want to see the world . 
  how traumatising would it be to say to a seven year old , `` yes , nan 's dead , it 's just black . 
  someday this will happen to you . '', 
  now obviously you can always go with the `` long sleep '' thing also , but heaven works an easy one as it 's a known thing to the child raised in the culture . 
  with how progressive society is these days anyway i 've found teens have the freedom to choose themselves what to believe in , thanks to the internet giving a wide range of knowledge to study from . 
  or maybe they 're being kind because they 're kind people , and feel that that is what god wanted ? 
  i mean , if they were n't kind people , they 'd go the other route , and being the bitter , devout people who are assholes to everyone who disagrees with them because they are the righteous ones and the others will `` burn in hell '' . 
  the troubles stretch much deeper than religion . 
  unionists , who yes , were protestants , felt their identity as british , as they had descended from the planters who took over ulster during king james i 's reign . 
  nationalists , who were generally catholics , were usually descended from irish that had lived in ulster before the plantation . 
  when the irish war of independence ended , 6 counties in ulster were given to britain , who put it under home rule in a unionist controlled government ( as they had the majority of the population ) . 
  a boundary commission was set up to see where would be fair to divide the north/free state border , but it was biased towards the british and the border was basically not touched , meaning large catholic areas which hoped that they would join the free state were stuck with the north . 
  and here we have the unionist controlled stormont government , which heavily oppressed against catholics and used gerrymandering to make sure nationalists would never get a fair say in stormont . 
  now , as it was at the time , protestants usually had small families , while catholics had much larger ones , so as expected , the catholic minority population boomed until it rapidly began approaching the protestant majority . 
  so now , catholics were being packed into slums , as the rule was you could only vote if you owned a property . 
  this ensured the larger catholic population would still not get their say . 
  they were kept out of civil service work and were , in most places , very poor . 
  seeing the civil rights marches in the states , they began one of their own . 
  however , the orange order , paisley 's presbyterians , the ruc ( police force , mostly protestant ) and the b specials ( auxiliary police force , completely protestant ) attacked these rallies and quashed them . 
  the battle of the bogside is then the starting point of what you 'd call the troubles , where the orange order were doing their yearly march around the walls of derry , and threw pennies and the `` pauper '' catholics down in the bogside area , which sparked riots . 
  civil rights marches continued , but it was too late . 
  o'neil , the leader of the unionist party at the time , tried to bring in some reform but the country was in turmoil and his party was against him . 
  in steps the good old british government . 
  at first , they were welcomed by catholics , as they believed now that power was going to be taken away from the unionists the british might impose a fair system . 
  unfortunately this did not happen . 
  events like bloody sunday , where 14 civil rights protesters were shot dead , sparked fury and led to people turning towards extremism , joining the provisional ira . 
  it became clear to these people that the only way out of oppression was a united ireland . 
  commences nearly 30 years of bloodshed from the ira , loyalist paramilitaries , and the british forces , with atrocities committed on all sides . 
  peace agreements , like sunningdale , were tried , but were sabotaged by loyalists refusing to share power with catholics . 
  however , in the early 90s , with the conflict haven gone from civil rights for catholics to a dirty war , people on both sides agreed to come forward to power-sharing , and the good friday agreements were signed , which led towards what northern ireland has now , stormont power-sharing . 
  the troubles are so much more than a religious conflict , they were a conflict of culture and national identity as well . 
  the summary i gave was not even that good of one , because it 's so bloody complicated that you have to go into most case studies to understand ( battle of the bogside , bloody sunday , sunningdale , lower falls blockade , bloody friday ect . ), 
  i 'll be honest , i 'm not a big fan of fanatical sects of christianity like evangelicals in the states . 
  also , i 've seen many atheists say that religious people should be killed . 
  there 's plenty of idiots on all sides . 
  maybe i should 've said western christianity then , which would be more prominent in europe . 
  yeah , that 's fine . 
  i think the lines between religion and personal beliefs/politics get blurred here . 
  if i know a very racist atheist , should i think more of him than a very racist catholic ? 
  of course not . 
  the same goes the other way , if there 's an ultra pc catholic , i should not think more of him than an ultra pc atheist . 
  i 'm not suggesting that . 
  of course there are plenty of racist religious people . 
  there are plenty of racist atheist people as well . 
  when people say that though , they 're talking about religion , rather than something like racism , facism ect . 
  but not all religious people believe in those things . 
  i know plenty of religious people who have no problem with gays ( though of course i know a good few who do have a problem with them ) , contraception no one gives a toss about , religious or not , that i know in my age group . 
  abortion is a very debated one however . 
  fair enough . 
  i also thing what you say in the first paragraph is more an expression than a temporary clinging to belief . 
  we 've been raised in a society where we pray for the outcome we want , so when something like this happens we 'll obviously lapse back into that , but more as an expression than anything . 
  op mentioned a dawkins book above , so i 'm going to guess it includes a debate on whether society would be more rational without religion . 
  as you say about the good people , there are also evil people who will cling to religion as an excuse to get their own twisted way .
