  case in point , isis . 
  we ca n't know for sure what would happen without religion . 
  one thing i always think of , is the difference in culture . 
  y' know , something like , my culture is superior to our culture , so we will invade and assimilate you . 
  or , like isis , your culture is the inferior one and we will destroy it for the glory of our culture . 
  i ca n't say whether religion being around would do more good than bad , however . 
  i may believe in a god but i 'm not so deluded as to see the downsides . 
  as i said above , ireland in the 20th century is a great case for that . 
  the church was a meeting place of the local community , a place where friends could catch up on a sunday morning , a place where people could feel surrounded by a friendly atmosphere . 
  but we also have the horror that was the [ magdalene laundries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magdalene_laundries_in_ireland ) and the child sex abuse scandal . 
  even though the catholic church still owns the schools , we 're taught about these atrocities in religion class in secondary school . 
  it 's why i no longer feel comfortable going to a church that hid these from the people that followed their priests as a head of their community . 
  that 's not to say all priests are bad , in fact most i would say are good people who enjoy bringing their community together . 
  but mass is a place for the old now , and i do n't mind . 
  as i said , a good meeting place for them and their friends . 
  both my grandmothers were very devout , but were also very kind people who always wanted what was best for people , and in doing so made themselves happy because they believed they were doing the right thing in god 's eyes . 
  as we said when one of them passed away , if there was any person on earth going to heaven , it was her . 
  that 's the problem with religion , is we can take the bad things , and we can take the good . 
  at the end of the day people choose their own way , like my friends have in atheist and agnosticim , like i have in my belief in god and most of the catholic teachings , but not going to mass . 
  there 's a difference between religion and believing black people are subhuman , or that we should exterminate jews . 
  and yes , back in the middle ages religion had of course , killing infidels and non-believers , but many believers have moved past that . 
  you 'll still find die-hard fanatics who curse anyone who does n't believe in their god is going to hell , but as well as that , you 'll find militant atheists who look down on those with religious beliefs as lesser than them . 
  one thing i 've never understood on reddit is the whole thing that if you believe in a god you do n't believe in science , which i find puzzling . 
  even the catholic church accepts the theory of evolution and the big bang . 
  though maybe it 's because a lot of those redditors grow up in baptist places that believe in creationism ( which , even as a religious person , baffles me how you could with such scientific evidence ) . 
  anyway i suppose that 's besides the point . 
  i 'm just saying religion has evolved from what it used to be . 
  maybe not when they 're younger , but bare with me on this one , you can call it bullshit if you disagree . 
  i think that if someone was dying , or gets older , it might be scary for some people to think that there 's nothing on the other side . 
  would you think then , that maybe they 'd start believing in a god , if only for some comfort ? 
  i 'm not trying to convert anyone to any religion , i 'd never do that . 
  but i do like religious debates that do n't consist of `` if you believe in god you 're an idiot sheeple '' , or , on the flipside , `` how dare you question that there is no god , you 'll burn in hell . 
  you ca n't debate his divinity . '', 
  i believe that there is a god , and an afterlife . 
  i do not think everyone needs to share that belief . 
  if you do n't believe in god , hey that 's fine , i do n't care . 
  i just do n't like when people try to convince me otherwise . 
  i 'm not trying to convince people to believe in god . 
  what i will say on the great news part , maybe i came about a bit too harshly . 
  it 's great that people are choosing to believe what they want to believe , rather than believing just for the sake their family does . 
  on the flipside , there are people who are incredibly kind and pillars of their community because they want to be good members of their faith . 
  we can debate about religion all day , but let 's be honest it will go nowhere . 
  i find a lot of bitter atheists grew up in highly religious households , and hey that 's fine , i would n't want to believe in something if it was rammed down my throat . 
  but they then forget that feeling when they ram the arguments `` religion is for stupid sheeple , why do you believe in god ? '', 
  down people 's throats . 
  it does n't convince people to stop believing in god , it just makes them angry . 
  i do n't go to mass anymore because i 'm not the catholic church 's greatest fan after the atrocities they committed during the 20th century in ireland , but i still believe there is a god and i do believe in many of the catholic teachings . 
  most of my friends are either atheist or agnostic , but we never bring it up . 
  we respect each other 's beliefs enough to not question them , because that would only cause an argument . 
  even one of my friends who is a very big atheist has the decency to not talk about how he feels about religion around me . 
  there 's also one thing i 've noticed about religion here is , while it is dying out now that the older crowd are passing away , it was a staple of a meeting place for people . 
  you 'll find a lot of people after mass meeting outside and maybe going for a meal or a few pints . 
  it 's not all bad . 
  over 3500 people were killed in the troubles , most civilian . 
  though the problem is sometimes it can be hard to tell if a person killed was indeed a civilian or a paramilitary . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles#responsibility under the table is the percentage and number of each group of people killed . 
  honestly if you 're going to talk terror attacks you might as well count the massacres the british committed as well . 
  how is it great news ? 
  not saying everyone should believe in god , i respect others belief . 
  edit : i 'm just going to amend this , so please do read before you reply . 
  on further thought i think it 's great news that people are choosing their own beliefs , rather than being forced into thinking they have to believe in something because their family does . 
  i apologise if i offended anyone , i did n't mean to come across as anti-atheist . 
  edit 2 : well , i can say i 've enjoyed the debate below . 
  it 's always good to discuss these things and see different viewpoints . 
  think about what you just said . 
  then imagine if a religious person said it about atheism . 
  just let people believe what they want to believe man . 
  i will in my/me hole/bollocks/fuck - * i wo n't do that * the country 's gone to the dogs - * something bad has happened and an old woman on facebook is overreacting about it * what 's the craic ? 
  - * what 's up ? 
  * g'way t ` fuck - * piss off * queer ( pronounced quare ) - * weird/strange * eejit - * idiot * an bhfuil cead agam dul go dt\u00ed an leithreas - * my love grows stronger for you with each passing day . 
  one of the few fully irish sentences that are used today , between couples , often as a replacement for `` i love you '' * it 's a disgrace , joe - * another version of `` the country 's gone to the dogs '' *, 
  the country 's in shambles , joe . 
  either you 're a troll or you have n't a clue of irish history, 
  the albanians . 
  a great bunch of lads . 
  springs a right fucking gobshite . 
  did nothing this time around that he said he would . 
  pretty much the reaction of everyone on r/ireland , but fuck it man , kerry 's in dire need of jobs , and the healy-rae 's have a track record of working hard for their constituency . 
  i 'd vote for social democrats only there is n't one running in my constituency , donnelly was very impressive in the debate . 
  i 'll be putting sinn f\u00e9in as number one and the healy-raes as two and three, 
  4000 is well enough for a small country like the republic of ireland which , is outside the schengen . 
  the one for trainspotting is a very strange change . 
  [ the worse quality you can find this video in , the better it becomes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyyxhweho3w ), 
  ni would not survive independently until a long time . 
  the troubles drove major companies away and it 'll be a while before the economy would be able to sustain itself again . 
  also , the island of ireland has 32 counties , not 36 . 
  because if ni was to unify with the republic once again , unionists would be outraged and we 'd see fair amounts of clashes . 
  tensions have n't simmered down to `` everyone 's happy and chats to eachother '' , there 's still peace walls there . 
  there 's still divisions , and old grudges . 
  honestly , i do n't understand how our country denounces the pira while glorifying the old ira . 
  as much as the pira were brutal and committed horrific atrocities , without them forming catholics would n't have gotten rights nearly as fast . 
  the civil rights marches were being heavily oppressed in the 60s , and the government could n't have given less of a shit about them . 
  probably the international battery it would get if they let another troubles happen . 
  i personally enjoy watching bull fights . 
  i think the skill of matadors is very impressive . 
  while i do understand why some people are against them , it 's a bit irritating that to hold the counter argument to them always seems to 've declared as barbaric . 
  good news . 
  so basically when people have the opposite opinion to you they 're wrong, 
  this is the most hilarious thing i 've read all day .
