yeah , poland has homophobia problems , but it 's not even close to what it 's like in chechnya yes , you are correct . 
   also kternic is probably a nice person who also believes that discriminating against gay people is wrong . 
  i like your optimism, 
  well morally speaking they 're less deep , but still in the mud , i would n't call that high ground exactly . 
  but you 're right that thankfully they 're not doing those things . 
  i think you underestimate the usefulness of those videos , but i can only estimate it because i have no contact to that ( thank god ) . 
  i very much disagree with the counter propaganda idea , i think we should teach people about ethics , responsibility , and international economics so they can understand where conflicts come from and what we can do to resolve them . 
  so i do agree with your last point , fixing the socioeconomic factors that create terrorism in the first place . 
  i believe that our dependency on oil is one if the biggest drivers for war and instability in the world today , and religion is an asset used by various factions ( that are fighting for power among each other ) to get people to go to war for them . 
  therefore , developing a sustainable society would not only help our planet stay habitable , but also make everyone 's lives better . 
  thanks i guess ? 
   we do n't have one \u00af \\ ( \u30c4 ) / \u00af president of autonomous regio of chechnya , is that you ? 
  i know what you mean , but on the other hand , there * are * isis recruiters in germany and youtube videos are one of their powerful instruments , so i find it a good idea not to make this tool so easily available to them . 
  well , nazis would n't have likes muslims so it would be kind of stupid to be a muslim nazi . 
  but nazis also hated americans , and there are us nazis . 
  it probably means those people did n't really think it through , which would n't surprise me at all . 
  i would instinctively say capitalism is the opposite of communism , but the reality is that these things are multidimensional and it 's not that easy to find real opposites . 
  you can compare them among individual features though to arrive at opposites , so i 'm curious which features you considered here ? 
  also in italy, 
  there 's a german saying that translates to  he who sits in a glass house must not throw stones poland , you are in no position to criticize others who discriminate homosexuals . 
  get your own shit together !, 
  i chuckled about this and then wanted to cry : - /, 
   conservative authorities  pornographic films it does n't need to make sense if you 're the authority, 
  yeah , you guys are just sprinkling your freedom all over the world , but it 's not going so well recently . 
  i do n't get patriotism . 
  what exactly are you proud of ? 
  germany is a big group of people who do lots of things , some good and some bad - are you taking credit for shaping their culture ? 
  do you habe that kind of influence ? 
  or do you take credit for other people 's accomplishments ? 
  i have fallen for patriotism in the past , and today i believe patriotism can be blinding . 
  it can make you feel that what you think and do is the right thing because it 's what you do - do you get what i 'm saying ? 
  it 's circular reasoning . 
  a good relationship with the place and community you are living in should include - be grateful for the things done well - work towards improving those not done so well - have fun - keep an open mind try different experiences and learn whenever you can - often you have to see yourself how things can be done differently to start questioning the status quo where you come frome - leave the world a better place than when you were born i do n't see how national patriotism can fit into that . 
  local patriotism is a different type thing , because cities for example are much more homogeneous and the community is not that big . 
  one nurtures you , the other one makes you go to war . 
  like a two headed hydra . 
  it 's not their interest , it 's their assumptions and their way of going about it . 
  i have met a german lady of moroccan decent who looks completely moroccan , she confirmed ( and i fell for it , too ) that a lot of have-always-been-german germans will ask her where she comes from , and then keep drilling in an uncomfortable manner until they get a satisfying answer - which could be interpreted as `` because she does n't look german , she not really is , no matter her citizenship '' . 
  she found this an ignorant and somewhat passive aggressive type of racism . 
  she also said that she hates maroccans ' view on womens ' rights today and wants to stay in germany . 
  i 'll side with you on this one , op made a very generalized statement , and those do not help us progress . 
  i worked in a steel foundry , they use electric heating as well . 
  in germany . 
  but they also use the waste heat from it to heat houses in the winter . 
  the drinking bit i believe you , but the paying protesters bit is just so odd . 
  there was `` news '' about the german konrad adenauer stiftung giving money to protesters in kiew back in 2014 . 
  i tried researching this and there actually has been support from the kas to the protests , but i ca n't find out whether the `` sponsorship '' of protesters is actually true . 
  so this is a really difficult subject . 
  is there a reliable source for this ? 
  i find this very hard to believe . 
  if you ever need to glorify a leader even more , rest assured , north korea has you covered : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_kim_jong-il%27s_titles my personal favorite is  dear leader , who is a perfect incarnation of the appearance that a leader should have that just rolls of the tongue effortlessly , does n't it ? 
  i 'm an adult and i 've always wanted to travel to romania , for 25 $ i 'd join the crowd . 
  where do i sign up ? 
  can i bring beer ? 
  i 'm german , and i am guilty of this , too ... with the german anthem . 
  why would you intervene ? 
  let darwin do his thing . 
  no , the worst of the worst in germany is still child 's play compared to your worst of the worst . 
  source : have lived in new jersey . 
  it was built in only 27 days !, 
  not bad . 
  from the wiki article :  satisfied with the military power of the new army , and to occupy his bored soldiers , in the autumn of 1804 marmont had his soldiers build an earth and turf monument inspired by the pyramid of giza , which marmont had seen in 1798 during napoleon 's egyptian campaign . 
  even the erosion-exposed stepped surface was imitated . 
  construction lasted 27 days . 
  the pyramid hill was 36 metres high and was surmounted by a 13 metre high wooden obelisk . 
  i mean drinking is kind of a ritual in some places ... 
  if you want to think about it this way , the two of them represent the best of old and new styles ... it 's a real shame that ( and * how * ) gaudi died * way * before it was finished . 
  well if i wanted clean , efficient and massive ( mountains ) i could just go over to switzerland . 
  thank you !, 
  i saved this for future reference ;-), 
  gee that makes me want to go there for vacation, 
  it 's as if a sci-fi movie set artist decided to build a massive church . 
  including glowing white alien eggs . 
  it 's the best church i 've ever been in ( and i say this coming from cologne ... ) . 
  care to enlighten me ? 
  i 've never been there , but might go some day . 
  oh yes , the historically relevant pink giant, 
  apple would like to explain to you how much work went into those curves ... 
  me too . 
  was looking for the sunset color combination , was very disappointed . 
  they also had a lot of magenta in recent jerseys , how do you explain that ? 
  what the hell is going on here ? 
  huh i guess my internet connection is too shoddy right now . 
  deleted the others . 
  how about you starting holding yourself to a higher standard of conversation and stop insulting people ? 
  as a german i 'm just happy we 're discussing some other scumbag than hitler . 
  although there really is nothing to be happy about , considerin the suffering he has caused . 
  op , are you a professional button pusher ? 
  'cause you sure as hell know how . 
  i currently am at a uni , not seeing what you 're talking about . 
   may i ask why that would be `` obvious '' ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'd rather not have to put up with the aggressive husband / boyfriend type that makes up a large chunk of their problems . 
  i was four in 1995 , what happened ? 
  got a source for that ? 
  i 'm not kidding , i am honestly interested . 
  it would be very ironic if germany were to now outdo america on the `` give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free . '' thing ... 
  but do n't worry , we 're not, 
   but , most importantly , police caught them , based on the video , so , to my amazement , they actually were gypsies . 
  ah , that 's the type of clarification i like to hear !, 
  good to see they got caught .
