  you !, 
  start agreeing with us or get out !, 
  well its rude for one . 
  also its someones money , someone going to pay . 
  but in europe its more like everyone is going to pay . 
  live an learn mate . 
  aye its bad in paris , like the gangs of men who stop tourists and put strings on their wrists and be like yo 25 euro . 
  just a little bit to make them right again !, 
  they get a subservient state . 
  every chess board needs some pawns !, 
  pawns tackle those refugees !, 
  we stand together in solidarity and silence as greece pays debt with credit cards ... also i take issue with ireland - we were structurally sound , we were forced to save some banks to prevent contagion and it turns out that can set a country back several years . 
  acting out of desperation will only get a desperate deal , cooler heads prevail and wait i think i got another one ... ah never mind . 
  we act as a unit , we get the best deal for everyone , we are europe and we do n't rush to make a deal . 
  angela merkel intends to push trade talks between the eu and mercosur nations . 
  the chancellor has met with uruguay 's president to forge new bonds in the wake of donald trump 's inauguration in the united states . 
  on wednesday , chancellor angela merkel said new right-wing administrations in latin america had improved the chances of an eu trade pact with mercosur , the region 's primary trading bloc . 
  the german chancellor 's search for new trade partners has grown increasingly urgent for eu businesses after the election of us president donald trump cast doubt on the future of bilateral trade ties with the united states . 
  `` we , as the european union , if we perhaps do n't advance or advance more slowly with a view to the united states - we will have to see - of course will continue to negotiate other trade agreements quickly , '' merkel , who is facing an increasingly tough re-election fight , said on wednesday . 
  `` we are negotiating with japan , with india , with australia , and we are negotiating with mercosur . '', 
  trump has said he will not allow the united states to sign on to the controversial transatlantic trade and investment partnership during his presidency . 
  `` before anything , we need to know what the agreement will be with the new us administration , '' merkel said on wednesday . 
  `` the topic of free trade will be important at the g20 meeting . 
  we will see then what the priorities of the us administration are . '', 
  founded in 1991 , mercosur entered into its first trade negotiations with the european union in 1999 . 
  the bloc 's members are uruguay , paraguay , argentina and brazil , after venezuela was suspended in december . 
  merkel said uruguay could prove a `` motor '' toward bringing negotiations to a beneficial end in brussels . 
  ` to continue pushing ' president tabare vazquez seeks to firm overseas bonds as uruguay 's neighbors experience economic hardships . 
  he is headed for finland next , and his trip will wrap up in russia . 
  but there may be a good reason why his first stop was berlin . 
  `` germany is a fundamental member of the european union , '' vazquez said . 
  `` we have committed to keep pressing the negotiations to reach an agreement between mercosur and the eu . '', 
  the president pointed out that uruguay `` has historically advocated for the demolition of barriers and the elimination of obstacles to commerce . '', 
  vazquez also criticized trump , especially his ban on refugees and travelers and immigrants from seven mostly muslim countries . 
  he said uruguay had been built by immigrants from europe in the 18th and 19th centuries . 
  the indigenous population was largely wiped out by disease and colonialist slaughter by the end of the 1830s . 
  `` we do not agree with making walls , '' vazquez said on wednesday . 
  `` we want to build bridges between nations . 
  we do not believe that nations should discriminate on ethnic or religious grounds or on the basis of sexual preference . '', 
  he added : `` we believe in the peaceful search for solutions . 
  because of this , some of the actions of the president of the united states concern us . '', 
  ------------------------------------------------ lets refocus , `` germany is a fundamental member of the european union , '' vazquez said . 
  `` we have committed to keep pressing the negotiations to reach an agreement between mercosur and the eu . '', 
  it is not her place to do this , it 's europe 's and she has no authority to push on our behalf . 
  a trade deal with these country 's could adversely effect other european states . 
  a view of bias - germany desperately trying to replace the uk trade loss to provide for german needs at the expense of the rest of the union . 
  she has no authority to push for anything in europe ( - germany ) the sooner she is gone the better europe will be . 
  merkel does not speak and should not speak for the eu , we make deals as a unit to get the best deal for all 27 remaining states . 
  clearly her speaking introduces bias towards german goods . 
  scrap the euro . 
  how does this information help the powerful decision makers in europe ? 
  it does n't so keep it to yourself , they wont listen , they dont care , they are winning and are happy doing nothing . 
  first of all , there is no such thing as the `` eu economy '' we do not pool resources . 
  that 's the flawed logic here . 
  everyone for themselves and the pain will be spread unequally . 
  i made a post earlier but if we all take a hit , all 27 states will lose about 5.5 billion in gain every year if we spread it equally , sadly we do not pool resources and everyone exposed to the uk will be decimated . 
  you say its fine because germany will manage or finland will be fine but the rest of us are about to lose a lot and suffer a lot because people like you wo n't make a deal . 
  2014 stats - http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ with the trade inbalence the remaining 27 state will need to equaly share a loss of 5.5 billion each and every year . 
  lets pretend like this will be shared equally and never mention that some states will be unaffected and others will be decimated . 
  every thing is fine , fine fine fine ... fine . 
  just make a trade deal lads . 
  the uk has to replace 273 billion in trade and the eu has to replace 420 in trade . 
  pretending like the eu is in a position to lose 147 billion every year is madness . 
  the eu does not pool resources and sure germany will be fine , what about our fellow pigs and the next round of contagion . 
  we can always add more letters onto piigs . 
  you do n't like the answer and its fine because you do n't have to . 
  it was a simple question with a simple answer . 
  europe does not pool resources and so that argument is irrelevant , and could spark the next round of recession and contagion . 
  germany will be fine , sure . 
  it will sting but good products will always sell . 
  what about the stuff the rest of europe sells , you guys dont pool resources so what happens when the loss of trade sparks contagion ? 
  when did the eu start pooling resources ? 
  you reckon a sudden loss of half a trillion every year will be felt equally ? 
  i am not a betting man , but i wonder how the periphery on the verge of collapse will cope with losing so much . 
  well maybe those country 's on the verge of collapse might have a different opinion , perhaps spain , i wonder how much money spain makes from the uk every year . 
  even germany has a massive 60 billion trade inbalence with the uk . 
  you plan on conjuring up 60 billion worth of customers to save you guys from recession ? 
  time will tell . 
  i wonder how quick can the eu make new trade deals to replace the massive half a trillion every year from the uk . 
  the question was who would be worse off , the answer based on 2014 figures is the eu . 
  those figures are pritty clear tho , make a trade deal or lose a large fraction of a trillion every year . 
  how about you link useful information like trade between the the eu and the uk . 
  - http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ -2014 stats europe wide exports from the uk - 273 billion . 
  imports from the eu - 420 billion . 
  thats an inbalence of 147 billion in trade worse off for the eu . 
  i know you guys have hurt feeling about the uk leaving the club but its hard to argue with who will be better off when you see a trade inbalence of 150 odd billion, 
  careful what you say around here as well  . , 
  i think they just need to borrow more money and suffer for another 10 years ... herpa derp derp - europe they have also had a 50 % write off already . 
  well played good sir . 
   what would your solution have been ? 
  throwing more money in the hole ? 
  nope !, 
  i would have arranged after the first bailout to have them revert back to the drachma while using the euro until the transition . 
  i would have also booked a holiday within a few weeks and took a long beautiful walk on any of there lovely beaches , me and half of europe . 
  at the second bailout i would have been kicking myself that i never put the currency transition plan into place and put an end to the crisis . 
  i would have also booked a holiday there again along with millions of others . 
  at the 3rd bailout i would have retired and given up my certs in accounting , content , simply sweeping floors for a living . 
  the debacle is a disgrace , these leaders fail at basic math and accounting . 
  also you are wrong because `` what would your solution have been ? 
  throwing more money in the hole ?
