  his job was to make these figures a reality and he did that . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/ireland/news/key-eu-policy-areas/economy_en do n't care about giving away free houses , freeze !, 
  do n't care about giving away free money , starve !, 
  do n't care if you spend all week on a trolley !, 
  his job was to make our country sustainable and he did that , now we can transition back into giving it all away again , say thank you to him !, 
   there were umpteen budget proposals over the years from other parties , trades unions , ngo 's and charities ... all of which looked at alternative ways to raise revenue and target spending / investment . 
  there was no shortage of options to change the burden . 
  trade unions can suck a lemon !, 
  they are cockroach 's waiting for scraps , any excuse to get more money . 
  ngo 's corrupt and we have all had enough of charity 's which help starving directors get several holiday homes every year . 
  i love this part `` raise revenue and target spending / investment '' do that without triggering a milti million fine from europe . 
  enda kenny done a good job , he cut some things and not others and they introduced stealth taxs left , right and center . 
  he did what he had to do and i respect him for it . 
  we are one of europes top growing economy 's because he did n't have a socialist heart . 
  how would you have conjured money to provide for our give away services ? 
  the garda stuff ? 
  i do n't agree with what was done and i can quote where i said it if you want . 
  `` i did n't agree with everything he did as leader '' see how that works . 
  that 's a pity , he can retire knowing he handled one of the worst crisis our country has ever seen . 
  i did n't agree with everything he did as leader but he did a great service to our country . 
  do you mind me asking , are you a female ? 
  and if not could you imagine feeling unsafe in sweden today . 
  thank you for not removing , much respect . 
  there are no chix with dix !, 
  waa i would n't do that, 
  herm ye not bad , not bad . 
  his job is not to give opinions only to facilitate them . 
  he sided with a number of mps about preventing trump from coming to speak at parliament . 
  this moderator sided with the minority and voiced his opinion in parliament while dressed in attire . 
  his job is forfeit , ignoring this incident . 
  he becomes seen as bias and will probably lose his job . 
  scroll up and read the title ... 
  he introduced bias , nobody else responsible for his job except him . 
  he controls the debate tho ( in parliament anyway ) , bias on his part could change a decision . 
  you jump to conclusions . 
  he is allowed to vote in referendum however his job requires impartiality , meaning he is not suppose to take sides in debates or influence decisions . 
  his job not to have an opinion and to facilitate discussion , he introduced bias and now needs a new job imo . 
  herm , i seen that thread but did n't read to much into it , i though it was a flash symbol or something . 
  huh ? 
  oh no they do n't attack us cause we hit them back ;p i was talking about the graph at the end about the amount of eu citizens living there . 
  i expected ireland to be number 1 , we share the border and have family and what not . 
  but dang the polish are on mass . 
  i think its scary , lots of people once raised a family or bought a house from a job like a truck driver but in the future they wont have that chance . 
  i know people say new jobs will open up and people will need to retrain and up skill , but eventually i expect most jobs to be done by robots , they are faster and more accurate and cost less in the long run . 
  we need food , healthcare , security and a home . 
  when we have all of that automated and provided by machines what is left to do , we need a new purpose or we need to rethink capitalism . 
  a video of a 30 story building being made in 15 days . 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwvmru5jmxk not automation but consider that once upon a time this would take years to do . 
  maybe it was an emergency ? 
  i gave you a link to the information and you refuse to see it . 
  actually typical !, 
  of whats happening in europe today . 
  do n't look at it , it does not exist , there is no problem . 
  you dont see the flaw in your logic ? 
  `` the truth is the greatest enemy of the state '' surly we have learned from nazi germany ? 
  surly we have a link in r/europe, 
  i tried to find one r/europe but non exist or are left . 
  maybe we all need to go to the_donald for our european news now ? 
  or maybe you can find our r/europe link, 
  i think the reason for the basic income is the growing dependence on automation by western society 's . 
  when a robot does all the work ( think wally ) what is left for us mere mortals to do ? 
  e.g truck drivers ( millions of them ) will be jobless in the next 10 years , its not worth it to have people do that job ( ) . 
  mc donalds has recent sacked all its till staff ( my local shop ) and simply replaced them with touch screens . 
  f5 is your friend . 
  `` the truth is the greatest enemy of the state '' maybe some swedish people could help us out . 
  mistakes of the past and censoring of information mixed with a prominent past german quote . 
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- several minutes of pointless searching later , - https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/5skuxu/sweden_has_lost_it_19yearold_syrian_immigrant/ multiple sources . 
  yet no post on r/europe, 
  27 other states in europe with a similar violent history who have all learned from the past . 
  yet germany `` has no limits on migration '' and then quickly closes the borders and forces us sane country 's to help . 
  breeding hate and violence and censoring information . 
  `` the truth is the greatest enemy of the state '' - tell me what happened in a swedish school this week and which political leader bares some responsibility . 
  maybe you could point to the link on r/europe about it . 
  i have a link which was posted on r/the _ donald but i would like to see our version of it . 
  i post in the_donald , i am a ** huge ** ^ ^ tm supporter of his . 
  i am form ireland , dublin and i also post here on r/europe . 
  i like long walks on the beach and up-vote most things anti `` euro '' the currency while holding out hope for the union . 
  i feel like different opinions are good , and in my opinion - your country 's self loathing has risked the security of our continent . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm from ireland tho and i have been here in r/europe for a while now , not that we need to make this personal . 
  i would have though they would push up those metrics which tourism figures are based upon . 
  jobs created , local sales and sight seeing activity 's . 
  general tourism , would be a shame not to see it all . 
  i do n't need that link mate , mine is at the top \u2191, 
  is this counting refugees and migrants ? 
  well i guess they have to eat too and i remember lots of tents and they must do touristy things ye know . 
  a better graph would be stagnation in europe . 
  what did i say ? 
  anonymous abstention is forcing junker to make decisions for all of europe good or bad . 
  he want 's public votes so that the failure to come to a decision can be used by him to justify forcing a decision . 
  i said what happens when some country 's hate that decision and that hate is made public , stirring anti eu sentiment in public light . 
  just so that junker can feel better about doing what he is able to do . 
  he is no leader he is a coward and need to take this on the chin and get on with it . 
  bad foresight on his part tbh , eu dont need more drama . 
  that is the sound of a penny dropping , scotland without the uk is another greece . 
  `` if they fail to agree in march , the european commission will be forced to take the decision , leaving juncker , yet again , to take the flack . '', 
  they fail to agree and then he forces it through ... and then moans because they blame him for forcing it through . 
  he moans because they wont agree to everything put before them . 
  his solution is to shame everyone into agreement , but what happens when a country agrees with its representatives both blocking something and he forces something through . 
  before it could be a very passive non hostile , `` oh europe forced it through '' but now enemy 's of the echo chamber will be forced into the light .
