for a price ? 
  this will never be used by professional hackers  . , 
  other eu nations can do it but not russia !, 
  those sneaky russians could be anywhere hacking anyone !, 
  meanwhile europe just openly interferes . 
  i think it would be hard for me to resist the urge to shout `` hit the deck !! '', 
  this is the type of thing which makes me hate the eu . 
  we have problems with energy we need more renewable and we prevent cheaper forms of energy generation because we want to save some jobs . 
  we can not afford mass investment in solar because its too expensive and we prevent cheap solar because we do n't want to lose some jobs , all the while pollution kills our kids and fills our hospitals . 
  following eu logic we should stop all green energy production because we lose thousands of hospital jobs ... we protect overpriced solar jobs and we protect overpriced hospital jobs . 
  suck that poison up guys , thank you eu !, 
  can anyone confirm or deny that this is germany and also point to a proper news story if any , please . 
  ecb pumping 80 billion every week into our `` recovery '' now 60 billion a week . 
  google it and filter for the last month ... 
  ca n't really blame the politicians for not committing political seppuku but at the same time full denial mode is madness . 
  well at least you posted , 
  i like your honesty mate . 
  lost at sea id imagine , all crew dead at their posts . 
  lets just check : - are women genuinely oppressed in france ? 
  in some parts , yes !, 
  - are gay men oppressed in france ? 
  in some parts , yes !, 
  - are the majority of french people afraid of random terror attacks ? 
  yes !, 
  - has holland sat back and watched riots in france for the last few weeks , definitely !, 
  now i will admit that i am not versed in french politics , however there is no doubt that she will speak for the majority of french people with self preservation in mind . 
  ** if that election is about self preservation , she will win . 
  germany acts from within our eu bubble and it is our top economy in the eu , using this position it has leveraged itself as a great producer of goods . 
  sadly simple capital and inter eu migration and reinvestment coupled with the idea of german euros being worth more than say greek euros , this all accounts for the german position in the world economy . 
  they have access to more reliable funding and in turn they can reinvest in their people . 
  they have good work ethic and suspiciously more power in europe . 
  saying leitrim is a bad economy comparing it to dublin is not a million miles away from what the eu does to germany . 
  sure germany has great work ethic but without the euro and the freedom of movement and lets not forget the protectionist bubble ( 10 % competitiveness tax ) , germany would struggle to compete with a lot of country 's . 
  it rubs me a little bit when people call them a great trading country when they clearly have unfair advantages . 
  we avail of them as well but i do n't go around spouting about it  . , 
  do n't forget that friendly island which was built and has friendly looking military equipment for . . eh . . domestic purposes . 
  beautiful place . 
  i am from ireland not america . 
  its not even comparable . 
  just ... no, 
  i think the fist point is off a little because most commodities such as gold and petroleum are priced in dollars . 
  if country 's only sell products in dollars that means they need to covert and convert back in order to sell . 
  there was a documentary on it a few years back about the dollar and oil , kind of interesting . 
  the us has a massive trade deficit and it is tackling the problem head on , if its the correct solution is debatable but that 's up to the americans . 
  i think the main idea is similar to our own protectionist policy 's , we put up regulations and barriers to protect european goods and make non eu goods noncompetitive , so we keep our jobs and our states keep growing . 
  these are good points . 
  trade will work what ever way trump wants it to work , lets make that point clear . 
  also germany has benefited from the euro . 
  like migrants , wealth also migrates . 
  with the euro , every year , little by little wealth migrated into germany . 
  better return on investment safer deposit so why risk keeping capital in greece . 
  i like to think of it as being similar rural and urban towns and city 's , germany is like our capital and greece like a run down town . 
  the problem with this model is allowing a bigger and better city to destabilize the eco system . 
  we have our eu bubble and so our capital would be germany but the us is bigger and stronger then germany but its not bigger than the eu bubble . 
  trump sees this and realizes the trade inbalence is only going to get worse until the us is a subservient of the eu bubble . 
  so he decided , nope , enough !, 
  the future problem being china and asia who actively manipulate their currency . 
  germany will beat china if everyone plays fair but sadly china does not play fair . 
  if i had to chose asia or america ... 
  i would chose america ever time . 
  trump is angry at trade inbalence and is trying to stop billions of dollars leaving his country . 
  germany alone gains 60 odd billion every year from trade with america . 
  just as bad as mexica if i recall correctly . 
  so to make it clear , he wants free trade and fair trade with no abusive country 's like germany taking more than it gives . 
  ah ye much better to drink the potato , 
  holland is toxic and his ex minister doing so well is baffling . 
  can i be part of this too , i like fancy words . 
  ecb have been pumping 80 billion into the eurozone economy 's every week for the last year or so , down to 60 a week now . 
  do as your told or this magic economic activity goes away . 
  also nice to do it in prep for big elections . 
  poor russia they getting blamed on everything . 
  they should build a wall and say good luck !, 
  huh ? 
  its been legal all this time ? 
   northern there are lots of irish/british people who do want to unite and live up there very happily . 
  i wonder how much of this is a direct or indirect result of european qe , i would imagine the safest and best place for return on capital is in germany and as such at least some if not a majority of the qe capital would go back to the safe investment . 
  the option should be available and hes right to make sure its discussed but i ca n't imagine this will go down well with the british in the north who refuse to acknowledge that there is one island called ireland . 
  i was talking about them having to purchase some well positioned politicians with some generous political donations . 
  native english speakers and relatively well educated population . 
  they will need to reinvest in political capital tho which is a pain but i guess they have the money , 
  its true , it seems like the wrong message to being saying right before an election tho - `` oh we need those british workers because we dont have the talent '' is how it comes across to me . 
  you are entirely right tho . 
  makes you wonder what chance young french people have in his france . 
  the police will be on full crack down mode while that guy is there . 
  this is an average swedish neighborhood , we have more than enough food , see we have fat kid . 
  - north sweden - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjc6ccgqijo, 
  no complaints , get the job done . 
  you ignore statistics twice in a row and complain about lack of specifics , nice one !, 
  altho the dole jab was a bit too rude even for me , so apologies . 
  i think you got enough free public education out of our country but out of respect of the taoiseach , - http://ec.europa.eu/ireland/news/key-eu-policy-areas/economy_en study it well because tomorrow in the dole office we will have a quiz on who actually provides food for your kids . 
  he lead a country in times of trouble and he will go down in history as the person who seen us through one of the worst crisis we have ever been though . 
  good or bad his government got the job done . 
  `` try again . 
  try to be specific . 
  what figures did he make a reality , and what was his contribution to doing so ? '', 
  his job was to make these figures a reality and he did that . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/ireland/news/key-eu-policy-areas/economy_en do n't care about giving away free houses , freeze !, 
  do n't care about giving away free money , starve !, 
  do n't care if you spend all week on a trolley !, 
  his job was to make our country sustainable and he did that , now we can transition back into giving it all away again , say thank you to him !,
