what a fools . 
  i did n't made a mistake moving out of croatia . 
  in my wildest dreams , i would n't go to war for that country . 
  i 'd be the first to take my shit and leave . 
  to a point , i understand how syrians choose not to fight for their country . 
  all good people need to move from serbia and croatia and somebody needs to nuke the rest . 
  we are dumb , old and small, 
  i migrated to germany three years ago . 
  since day one i am employed here . 
  i pay every single tax here , i go to school of german language and culture , and many among my friends are german , and my girlfriend also . 
  unfortunately i 'm not here to say you 're wrong . 
  so many people coming from ee and from croatia ( which is actually central europe ) are very wrong . 
  i myself have just a few croatian friends here . 
  still , at least talking about croatian newcomers ( just in frankfurt about 20 000 ) probably all of them are legally working . 
  despite some of them fail to integrate socially , none of them is interested in welfare or even worse criminal . 
  it 's wrong to generalize when we talk about anything . 
  i think it 's not even host country people who require this . 
  governments are giving this kind of statements on their own . 
  also i doubt newcomers would require this as well . 
  i do n't say you should n't . 
  i 'm just saying their country should n't be calling for closing the borders . 
  i do n't say you should n't . 
  i 'm just saying their country should n't be calling for closing the borders . 
  i lived in both uk and germany . 
  polish people work , spend 10 % of sallary and send the rest home . 
  they usually register as guest workers so they can pay taxes in home country . 
  some higher educated integrate well , others see host country as money bag and really do n't care much about integration . 
  i wo n't judge this . 
  nobody is calling them out for that . 
  but i will judge calling to close the borders from a country which owns much to money sent back home . 
  how many polish immigrants are there in uk and germany ? 
  and they are very known for few things . 
  like sending all the money home and never actually contribute to or integrate to the host country . 
  how would it be to force all the polish people to return to their homeland before closing the borders ? 
  how do you even justify closing the borders to these people while it 's considered normal to become an immigrant if you 're polish ? 
  this is disgusting !, 
  and i saw it in few eu countries lately . 
  worse , nobody wants to stay in poland . . they just want to pass through . 
  finally good news from my country . 
  if i was there now i would help as well , to these suffered people , to reach their destination . 
  i know how important it is to have internet connection and to send a message to your family when you 're not close . 
  excellent idea !, 
  whatever you believe in , if you ca n't take a bit of humor about it than better leave it . 
  also i had no idea that islamic attack could happen in texas . 
  on the other hand , nobody requires you to speak their language 100 % correct and fluent . 
  it 's possible ti land a service job in germany with a2 level , and some better job with b2 . 
  these are far cry from knowing a language . 
  and despite everything i know so many people in germany who could n't pass even a2 exam . 
  which one ? 
  where can i find a dive bar in frankfurt ? 
  a little bit . 
  i myself moved out , to germany . 
  partially because of better economy but also social life etc. 
  croatia is bad now , unemployment is high , but it 's still westernized civilized and functional country . 
  but they are very entitled . 
  after 10 years of working in croatia , and six years of school , 27 years of normal functioning life , i moved to germany . 
  when i moved in i knew just english ( but very good ) and i was doing shitty jobs 10hrs daily . 
  i payed myself german language school , which i 'll finish soon , and than i want to finish a course for job i want to do here and i do n't doubt that i will do it . 
  all this time i am paying every single tax in this country and in croatia as well , since i 'm still croatian citizen . 
  and i had a chance to live of welfare in both of these states . 
  i love both germany and croatia . 
  and then you have this guys that are coming to live of welfare money , without respecting host culture , and some countries are not . . good enough ? 
  well it 's perfectly expectable for those some countries to close the borders than , right . . 
  well , my post history shows that i usually do n't post on r/europe . 
  some short post here and there . 
  rather , i post on subs that are completely unrelated to things that are discussed here . 
  so i do n't get why do you think that we could n't find common grounds discussing about europe . 
  whatever . 
  any thinker , take any , is not 100 % right in everything he says.neither is stefan . 
  if you 're healthy sceptical person he has much to say . 
  i think he made some very great and important points in this video , and that are often overlooked . 
  instead of listening to someone and judge him on few fallacies that you will find anywhere it 's better to take few of his 2000 + videos and focus on important facts and views he 's talking about . 
  can you explain your statement ? 
  i follow hom for a long time and he seems very sane guy . 
  also , did you watched this video ? 
  we ca n't mix cultures . 
  diversity is great while we are mixing people who grew up in western culture . 
  this is a disaster for europe . 
  i recommend this video . 
  i hate myself for saying that . 
  we , as better developed culture have to help them . 
  but not by letting them destroy us . 
  i recommend this video to everyone . https://youtu.be/ccolcmqdpls, 
  downvote me to the oblivion if you want . 
  but . 
  mixing cultures wo n't work . 
  migration and diversity are great when happening between people who grew up in the same culture . 
  western culture , that is . 
  or , diversity is ok while we 're the same . 
  i 'm not xenophobic , i 'm just real . 
  these refugees did n't grew up through western world lens . 
  i 'm not hating them or anything . 
  yes , migration of completely different cultures is happening for like a century or something . 
  but it is very important how much of new comers how fast . 
  10 000 a year in a big country is small enough that they can suck in the host culture . 
  then you can bring another 10 000 . 
  but when they come in numbers like 100 000 in few weeks , and another 100 000 is coming , and so on , you wo n't see any integration . 
  they will try to impose their culture . 
  and then it 's the end of europe and for everything this continent has been molding so long . 
  we need to build militarized border between africa and europe and shot offenders at sight .
