that 's kinda the nicest thing one could say to belgium, 
  you lost norway in the napoleonic war , you potato-mouth . 
  simply not true . 
  the mcdonald 's in my home town is staffed by norwegians . 
  this probably explains the lousy service . 
  the driver . 
  norway has more weapons import and export , and there was also the 22/7 attacks in 2011 . 
  honestly ? 
  there are n't nearly enough indoor ice hockey rinks . 
  i think the whole of norway has like 20 , while canada have thousands or something . 
  this is of course due to the lack of interest in hockey . 
  halls -  more interest in hockey -  more halls ... etc. 
  i could speculate on the reason of the lack of halls ( outdoor bandy was very popular for a while , for instance , but it 's still that in sweden ) , but honestly , i do n't know . 
   if not for a lucky shot by oscarsborg fortress on the bl\u00fccher i do n't want to be pedantic , but it was several shots with from point blank range . 
  cannon batteries and torpedoes . 
  the second shot hit the aircraft hangar and caused a big fire , so you could say it was lucky in that regard , but the guy in charge at oscarsborg knew what he was doing . 
  the next shots removed hope for bl\u00fccher , as her steering was lost . 
  yes, 
  third norwegian here , and it 's summer . 
  i 'm currently on my first beer for the day . 
  it 's like benelux ; the least important country gets an extra letter . 
  there , i insulted both luxembourg and slovakia in one sentence . 
  yay !, 
  but i already voted for a pro-eu party in the last two national elections ... 
  hi , i 'm norwegian and how do i vote ? 
  why should we share our pension savings ? 
  sure , but the eu wants much more money with every renegotiation of the eea agreement . 
  also , the eu might become nicer to norway ... 
  for all those who want out , you should see the hiccups and bureaucracy that comes from being on the outside . 
  and we still have to pay to be in the economic market . 
  ( norway ), 
  you 're probably too young to remember calgary . 
  agreed . 
  lena was adorkable . 
  i see . 
  well , no excuses for her , then . 
  what about their father ? 
  they 're only attacking abortion rights because they promised another party to do so in exchange for their support in the parliament . 
  though if it abortion rights were really important for them , i guess they would n't have promised what they did . 
  taking ten years to finish a degree is n't that bad if she was `` constantly '' pregnant during the time . 
  i think it 's great that she did n't give up . 
  do it slowly and step by step . 
  do n't rush into it . 
  focus on trade and education first . 
  freedom of movement between countries . 
  that 's because most of us live around oslo . 
  cold war ? 
  in norway the papers were like `` where is the snow ? 
  where is the snow ? '', 
  and last week they changed to `` wow . 
  so much snow . '', 
   * head of the farmer 's party was fired . 
  technically , she announced her resignation , after a series of incidents where she 's been criticised by the media and party members . 
   * the swedish king is going to norway to celebrate their national day . 
  not just any national day , but the 200th since norway wrote its constitution . 
  may 17th 1814 . 
  the media ? 
  it 's amazing on waffles or sweet rolls too . 
  from norway i would say vafler ( thin waffles ) with brunost ( brown cheese , not really cheese though ) . 
  simple , yet perfect . 
  alternatively , strawberries with milk and sugar . 
  yet it is an amazing experience to ski through forests and mountains covered in snow . 
  the fresh air , the silence and the way you just enter a zone with diagonal rhythm . 
  also , probably the best workout you 'll find . 
  cardio , strenght for all the large muscle groups , and a bit of balance . 
  we have five in norway , but the helicopters have n't arrived yet . 
  still , theoretical rotary wing aircraft carriers . 
  a gnome would be fj\u00f8snisse . 
   politicians do n't side with the population but with the elite . 
  politicians are the elite , with a few exceptions . 
  using surstr\u00f6mming in such a way would be direct violation of the geneva protocol . 
  jaywalking is actually legal in norway as long as there 's no other traffic . 
  i 've often walked straight across a road when walking cops were waiting for green light . 
  = `` red light means that walkers must not begin crossing the carriageway if this will hinder drivers , or cause danger . 
  walkers who already have entered the carriageway can continue crossing . '', 
  it 's missing the large bergen separatist movement . 
  it kills . 
  eventually . 
  you will not know when , where or how . 
  but one day , when you least expect it . 
  do n't forget that those who are born into royal families are basically robbed of their freedom . 
  while they do have wealth and power , they are also bound . 
  i see this as yet another reason to abolish the monarchies . 
  there was british celebrity of some kind on american tv . 
  he had dark skin , and the host referred to him as african-american . 
  `` well , i 'm neither , '' he said . 
  the host was lost , and asked what he should say . 
  `` well , you could call me black , i guess , '' he replied . 
  it 's stuff like that . 
   black mountain african-american mountain . 
  well , they should be twice as good as iceland , but are they really ? 
  no one said oil . 
  why would anyone say oil , that would be ridicul - oh , hey , look over there at syria . 
  i bet they have oil . 
  you should go check it out !, 
  i do n't know if it 's the norm , but every pole i have met have been very nice . 
  thanks , i learned a new expression today . 
  the norwegian version is `` to lay yourself down/flat '' ( legge seg flat ) . 
  similar idea . 
  yep , aass bayer is the best mass produced one .
