  it feels like pilsner , but is dark red due to the roasted barley , and has a hint of caramel in the taste . 
  yet it 's only made with water , yeast , barley and hops . 
  they are called dikes there . 
  we tried . 
  it did n't work out , remember ? 
  what 's the big spot in south africa , johannesburg/pretoria ? 
  mines ? 
  everyone is the odd country , it seems . 
  fitting for europe , i think . 
  dane ? 
  if anyone should want it back it should be norway . 
  breivik basically got life imprisonment , with 21 years of [ forvaring ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forvaring ) , which can be extended until he dies . 
  varg got 21 years in prison for one murder , three counts of church arson and some other minor stuff , of which he served 16 years . 
  well , i would assume that we norwegians more than make up for it by buying alcohol in sweden . 
  yeah , but it 's not a nuclear power reactor that produces energy for sale . 
  it 's a research reactor . 
  there is no nuclear power industry in norway which can lobby against research on alternative technology . 
  there 's a lot of thorium - containing minerals in parts of norway , and no existing nuclear power to hold them back from trying new ideas . 
  not in the next twenty years at least . 
  but finland is already a member ? 
  no one speaks norwegian in this video . 
  it makes me sad . 
  yes and no . 
  up to 4 % can be spent by the government each year for other things . 
  this is the expected interest gains . 
  norway pays a lot to be part of the economic community . 
  it has more to do with not giving up control over fishing , farming and similar policies . 
  personally , i think we should be a member . 
  with your love of beer and ski jumping , you polish are always welcome in norway . 
  brought to you by the newspaper who wants to remove the monarchy ( dagbladet ) . 
  it was bad in norway too . 
  the temperature was ok , a bit low , but the big problem was the lack of longer periods of stable sunny days . 
  it was raining every day . 
  not much , but always some . 
  the best days was the pentecostal weekend , which i could have told you in advance , as i spent them in dublin pubs . 
  i do n't think so . 
  he was convicted for sexual assault against a girl below 16 . 
  it 's much less serious with regards to the penalty he faces , than sexual assault against someone below 14 . 
  on `` election time '' , our third largest party first apparently admitted that some climate changes can be man made , but eventually retracted it . 
  this time , he was not convicted on the most serious charge , sex with someone below the age of 14 . 
  and this year they were like `` why ca n't we just get along ? '', 
  male names from norway which i have n't seen anywhere else : stian and odd . 
  from what i have heard stian is not short for christian , but comes from norse `` stigandr '' , or something like that , which means the one who rises . 
  odd means the tip of something . 
  lots of lights in the north sea , from oil rigs . 
  more than i expected . 
  in norway , we have very high taxes on imported food , to protect our own farmers . 
  it 's somewhat hard for them to compete with farmers abroad , for many reasons , but particularly with the high wages we have . 
  well , back in 2011 , the high fat , low carb diet was becoming quite popular in norway . 
  this caused market demands for butter to increase a lot . 
  and , as we got closer to christmas , housewives were starting to panic when they could n't find any real butter in the stores . 
  they needed it to bake the traditional 7 kinds of ( dry and bland ) christmas cookies . 
  it turned out that our de facto dairy product monopoly , * tine * , was unable to meet the market demands for butter , which had grown substantially as dieters had swapped margarine for the real deal . 
  it was a huge scandal , all over the news . 
  emergency measures were taken , and special import quotas given , so that tine and their competitors could import butter from countries such as france , belgium and northern ireland . 
  mind you , they were of course `` produced with a tine recipe '' , so no need to worry about having some diversity . 
  ( i tried one from northern ireland which was imported by a small dairy company , and it was so much better ! ), 
  by the way , denmark refused to export to norway as a protest of our tax barrier . 
  and that , my friends , is how norway ran out of butter and dealt with the emergency . 
  surprised they did n't have to hold a referendum about the water . 
  i wonder how sweden would look without norway . 
  thousands of swedish twenty somethings work in norway . 
  cyprus too . 
  just like we stole the ekofisk oil field . 
  thanks , per h\u00e6kkerup . 
  because you stole them, 
  some people use bayer instead of \u00d8l in norway too , but even more common is `` pils '' as a catch-all . 
  and the patissiers, 
  you can see the gradual urbanization of scandinavia . 
  despite government efforts , people keep leaving the countryside for the coastal cities , especially visible in norway . 
  it would be so much better if it was the danes . 
  then you could say ... `` et tu , jute ? '', 
  huh , til . 
  in my country we have a saying . 
  if you put two social liberalists in a room , there will be three different opinions . 
  source , please . 
  it was formally independent from 1847 . 
  [ scatter plot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j1jclnt.png ) used [ this ] ( https://www.ssb.no/en/helse/statistikker/royk/aar/2015-02-03 ) for norway . 
  the cost should probably be purchase parity adjusted . 
  danish stolen realm , you mean . 
   crown krone, 
  well , there 's a recession now . 
  a lot has happened since september ... 
  there 's no space in netherlands, 
  it was a national strategy to test the law : http://www.vg.no/nyheter/innenriks/rema-1000/reitan-snur-dropper-sperrebaand/a/23685223/, 
  the taping ended half a year ago . 
  i skimmed it . 
  he was n't tied up from the start . 
  yes . 
  i can run away from a person with a knife . 
  by having a loaded gun and threatening to kill someone with it , are you not using it ? 
  you ca n't resign between elections unless you have a really good reason , like illness, 
  it 's not a paid position . 
  you get the same amount as you would lose by having to skip work . 
  if you come to norway to visit trolltunga , kjerag or similar places , be prepared . 
  nature in norway is metal . 
  the trek will be tough for most people and if you take too long , it will get dark and you will have to be rescued . 
  also , do n't be an idiot . 
  do n't stand at the edges and take pictures . 
  you will die .
