  there are aaa and manpads on the ground , though . 
  my understanding of that situation is that usually they get a small allowance to pay their food . 
  however , in makeshift refugee centers with not enough kitchens to cook ( e.g. 
  old schools ) , they get food instead of allowance . 
  even the tents are heated and have double walls ( the layer of air between them acting as insulation ) , so no , they wo n't freeze . 
  it will still be quite an extreme experience if they ca n't be moved indoors . 
  i do believe that that sub is indeed satire , and being banned there is a reddit meme . 
  `` any community that gets its laughs by pretending to be idiots will eventually be flooded by actual idiots who mistakenly believe that they 're in good company . '', 
  -- the internet ( often attributed to either ren\u00e9 descartes or voltaire ), 
  i assume you are now banned from / r/pyongyang, 
  the beauty pageant was in 2011 . 
  the ad campaign was this year . 
  so she no longer had that job . 
  not that i 've heard of ... though `` kannut '' ( `` jugs '' ) is an euphemism for ( large ) tits in finnish as well . 
  i am not sure why they selected buckets . 
  maybe they could get them cheap or something . 
  the best part of the whole thing was that the `` free gift '' was a decidedly random cheap thing . 
  edit : did some reading . 
  apparently a cheap general store chain tokmanni did a `` 1000 free plastic buckets for first customers '' stunt just before that . 
  so the burger joint one-upped them by buying 10,000 buckets ( yes , from tokmanni ) and giving them away for free . 
  and of course , by using an almost-naked model , they generated a lot of publicity because people complained that the ad was sexist . 
  ( allegedly , ms. sieppi had a bikini on . ), 
  reminds me of burger king and starbucks opening in finland . 
  though for another campaign promising `` free stuff '' , a local burger joint snacky promised free plastic buckets to customers , causing a huge queue . 
  admitted , the plastic bucket campaign was advertised by miss finland 2011 [ ( nsfw ) ] ( http://im.mtv.fi/image/4736534/landscape16_9/1024/576/9358366ca211f558daa803224cbef6de/fn/sara-sieppi-poseeraa-rohkeasti-snacky-pikaruokaketjun-tempauksessa-1.jpg ) . 
  i think the swedes actually did plan that , but thought again . 
  to be honest , most western countries could probably develop a working nuclear device . 
  a warhead would take more time , as well as suitable delivery vehicles . 
  and then we 'll have to remember that we got rid of ( antipersonnel ) land mines , because weapons are bad and landmines indiscriminately kill and maim women and kids , m ` kay ? 
  ( i would n't be surprised if the fdf still had `` contact fuses '' stored somewhere , not too far from `` remote-detonated charges '' which is the label they use these days for ap mines . ), 
  it 's complicated . 
  * there 's the people who think we should indeed expand the army - some to the extent that they question the usefulness of the air force and the navy . 
  * then there are people who think that we should instead use a fully professional military ( we currently have conscription ) . 
  because all we 're ever going to do is peacekeeping , right , so we do n't need a reserve ? 
  * the above ties nicely with some pacifists . 
  abolishing the army is never going to pass , so let 's have a nice honour guard at helsinki , because all the wars in the world are going to end if there are no armies . 
  let 's start at home . 
  superpowers can anyway bomb us off the map in 15 minutes if they want . 
  * and several other viewpoints , including just funding our current system better to build a credible deterrent for attack . 
  ( which i find the most sensible option . ), 
  several people do believe that due to their negative experiences during the conscription period and overall lack of funds for rehearsal and reserve maneuvers the defense force is not a credible deterrent right now . 
  politically , the extreme opinions are ( there 's always the middle ground , but it does n't make the headlines ) , * all alliances are evil and we wo n't be attacked ever if we just sit here all by ourselves . 
  if we join an alliance , we will be a target , which we are n't now . 
  if russia ends in a war , there 's no way it could spill across the border . 
  * okay , not all alliances are evil , but if we join one , then we really , really will be told by evil powerful people abroad to go attack a middle eastern country . 
  ( this gets said a lot about nato - and an eu army would be of course worse because then eu would obviously start declaring wars and we 'd be ordered to fight with absolutely no say whatsoever ourselves . ), 
  * the `` nato option '' crowd : `` we totally could join nato right now if we wanted , but we should n't do that because it might make some people angry . 
  if things turn to worse , then let 's try to join - we 're sure that they 'll take us in ! '', 
  * join nato , now . 
  ( personally , it would n't hurt . 
  we 're part of the west by our own choice , and it 'd simplify things . ), 
  `` eu military '' is viewed as a potential light soda version of nato . 
  i am not dutch , but i think netherlands has been - if we consider `` conventional '' war - essentially demilitarized . 
  ( ... we bought most of their main battle tanks . 
  they do still have 18 . ), 
  finns are , in general , still mostly living the `` neutrality '' fantasy . 
  when the french asked for help there was some brief discussion whether it should be legal to send troops abroad for other than peacekeeping purposes now that there 's been a treaty for that for five-six years , but fearmongering that all the sudden everyone 's going to attack everyone else and we 'll be drawn into it are the usual way to ignore this . 
  you did also post this to / r/lappeenranta , right ? 
  well , at least then the result was a clear more than 2/3 majority for , whereas now the vote was 52 - 48 . 
  efta is still alive and well , so a similar treaty would indeed be possible . 
  how to move from eu to efta is less than clear , though . 
  [ say hello to bangs ] ( https://duckduckgo.com/bang ) of duckduckgo . 
  most usefully ( in the order i tend to use them ) : * ! yt youtube * ! wa wolfram alpha * ! g google ( encrypted - ! vg for normal google ) * ! w wikipedia, 
  [ transcript ] ( http://oona.windytan.com/estonia/ ) from oona r\u00e4is\u00e4nen . 
  they sold a pesticide called zyklon b. 
  the best-known customer being some nazis who had figured that it also works fine on humans . 
  i think they prefer snow shoes in the u.s. - however , you can get better traveling speed on skis . 
  otherwise , / u/faattori more or less answered - though it is also noteworthy that there 's no specific skiing shoe for the military type strap . 
  the skis are strapped to military boots , so it 's a bit different than the competitive/sport skis ( which are meant to be used on a prepared track anyway , whereas the military skis are meant to work in the wilderness ) . 
  yeah , not being from lapland , i really have no idea about norwegian stereotypes . 
  ( in jokes , norwegians are the third wheel alongside with the smart finn and simple swede . ), 
  a swedish comedy show [ about finnish drinking ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nal9oygyxog ) is a bit exaggerated , but you get the point . 
  this is of course a stereotype , and in more international places getting to know people is probably a lot more easier than in some rural gas station bar where people have considerable difficulty on getting over the fact that someone looks different or ca n't speak finnish . 
  quite honestly , the estonian stereotype in the parts of finland i come from is `` finns that talk in a funny way , and their women dress a lot better than ours '' . 
  tbh , when i was living by the coast , some of the villagers did go to estonia with their own boats , leaving from the beach by the house and going to ... hm , not sure where they landed . 
  knowing them , somewhere with ready access to booze . 
  there 's actually been some talk about converting some paved roads back to dirt , because environmental damage ( e.g. 
  due to freezing ) to dirt roads is a lot easier to fix than similar damage to paved roads . 
  if the road does n't see that much use , this means that the dirt road will be cheaper and in a better condition . 
  come on , a thirty-five-ton truck can do about 90 km/h ( if the driver is pushing against the limiter ) . 
  up to the world war ii we were a more or less rural nation , so ( maybe outside helsinki ) most folks do have a pretty large concept of `` personal space '' . 
  i would n't call us antisocial , but a typical finn ( when sober ) is probably a bit less talkative than our immediate neighbours , the swedes and the russians . 
  some documentaries have also been made that quite selectively record the brooding and territorial part of the demographics . 
  i think some of the volunteer folks had a byou principle ( bring your own uniform ) , so armbands are kind of the easiest way to do that . 
  ( i think russian paramilitary troops in georgia used a similar system ? ), 
  while this case just might be a joke , military folks typically like to keep track of their stuff . 
  the easiest way of doing this is painting the serial number on the thing in question . 
  actually , i 'm pretty sure that it 's because of the very dry climate in the case of preserved ancient egyptian stuff . 
  another case is old ships in the baltic sea - that 's because there 's very little oxygen in the bottom . 
  wood is essentially a composite material . 
  on top of the exact makeup of different species , the growth speed also matters . 
  very fast-growing ( cheap ) wood tends to have a different composition , whereas slow-growing species ( including stuff up north with short summers and long winters ) tend to be stronger . 
  i guess back in the day with more forests , people could be a bit more picky on the materials ? 
  also , different perceptions of what is good and what is not . 
  some people still use the term `` maalikyl\u00e4 '' ( `` paint village '' ) for `` city '' - which originates from `` a place rich enough where people actually paint their houses '' . 
  back in the day , it was a-ok for wood to tarnish ; if it really went rotten , the structure would be repaired . 
  whereas nowadays , the wood is probably treated to keep the `` fresh-looking '' surface and while it 's probably possible to repair those , it 's not planned to have larger structural repairs during its lifecycle . 
  the new ideas of how to do things can make things worse for two reasons . 
  first , old buildings being renovated . 
  insulation is added to improve efficiency , and since the gravity based ventilation systems ca n't keep enough air circulating after you do n't get wind blowing through the windows and stuff , a/c is installed .
