you 're completely right . 
  [ here 's a wikipedia chapter about the psychological origins of conspiracy theorism . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conspiracy_theory#psychological_origins ), 
  yeah , i 've had to deal with exports to russia and learned that i had to hire armed mercenaries who would ride along in a wagon to avoid a shitload of stuff getting stolen by customs or other bandits at some stop . 
  without them and bribes at every point of the way , you * will * lose some of it . 
  great , thanks for the info !, 
   it won \u00b4 t be easier than someone from hamburg trying to understand someone from zurich ... haha , that 's exactly the situation i 've had to adapt to a while ago , so i think i can relate . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  wow , i did n't know that there were such large differences between the original spanish and its south american version . 
  assuming i got to a b2 level with the original spanish , how hard would it really be to communicate with , say , a colombian person ? 
  how about a mexican person ( is mexican spanish that much different as well ? ) ? 
  would they , as native speakers , understand my spanish ? 
  would i find it impossible to understand them ? 
  on a tangent : i 'm thinking about learning spanish by using duolingo or rosetta stone . 
  does anyone know how long it would take me to get to a halfway fluent level if i 'd spend ~ 4 hours a week learning it ? 
  later on maybe more time per week , when i 'd be able to understand spanish movies . 
  i like learning languages , am relatively adapt at it , and speak german , english and russian relatively fluently . 
  i 've got no idea about how long the process usually takes for a young adult , since i 've kind of learned them all pretty passively over the course of my childhood . 
  i totally feel the same . 
  good criticism is always a positive thing , but that 's not what i 've seen in the post i wrote my initial comment in reply to . 
   at the expenses of poorer countries . 
  thanks germany i do n't think that this displays a particularly deep `` understanding of how the world works '' . 
  i took that comment to imply that germany is completely responsible for the bad things that happen to poorer eu member states and that its success is built on their suffering . 
  germany , as one of the bigger countries in the union , has a slightly higher responsibility than others , but the other countries still have agency and have to act accordingly . 
  if that comment described what exactly was wrong like you did , i would n't have criticised it , but as it stands , i ca n't see it as anything else but a pointless moan and show of hostility . 
  downvoting out of disagreement or blind patriotism is one of this website 's biggest problems . 
  bear with me for a short rant and explanation . 
  if a comment is relevant to the discussion and adds to it , it needs to be upvoted , no matter whether you agree with it or not . 
  the reddiquette tells users to do that for good reason : ever notice the level of quality of discussion in the big subreddits ? 
  that 's because the threads devolve into pissing contests through assholes voting based on agreement . 
  anonymous debates are n't a contest about who gets the most visibility . 
  the gain for everybody comes from reading sophisticated exchanges of opinion and learning from them . 
  downvoting stuff you simply disagree with robs yourself and everybody else of that chance . 
  one needs to encounter disagreement , not an echo chamber , to sharpen one 's mind . 
  i do n't even see what your point is . 
  the german people are pissed about having to subsidize the poorer countries and it 's not like the eu annexed the small nations . 
  their own governments made the decision of joining the eu and the people are responsible for their governments . 
  the process if integrating new member countries was n't very kosher and i do n't think there 's one nation that 's totally cool with how things went and go , but that does n't change much . 
  the bottom line is that the german people ca n't be expected to take up responsibility for the decisions of other governments . 
  i 'm annoyed that there apparently are quite a few people from poorer countries of the eu that feel like germany owes them something . 
  the situation is n't ideal , but how about focussing on influencing your own government and country , rather than moaning about others ? 
  the latter will only have negative consequences for everyone involved and it 's not as if the german people are happy with the situation , either . 
  eh , i 've just built my opinion based on the impression i got from all the info that 's available to me about this subject , which admittedly is n't much . 
  compared to other middle european countries , france is pretty protective of cultural intrusions . 
  an example i 've heard of is a governmental committee that 's responsible for keeping anglicisms out of popular use . 
  but it is possible to choose between the two , as the answers clearly show . 
  `` both are kinda important to me '' makes for an uninteresting answer . 
  by pitting them against each other , the author found out how much value each of the countries places of them . 
  that 's how it should be done , really . 
  it 's just something that people find thrilling . 
  that 's rubbish . 
  do you honestly believe that the head of state of a country that has a crucial position in the future welfare of the western world does n't know the situation of other important countries in detail ? 
  that this head of state is making decisions while being oblivious of the most obvious things , while wannabe political analysts on reddit know what 's up ? 
  she said * europe * will have to work harder . 
  the article even explains that by that she meant the abstract community , which has to `` spend more on research and education and overhaul its tax and labour markets to restore competitiveness '' , aswell as `` stop spending more than we earn every year '' . 
  classy touch on the '' ** cow ** ard '' , by the way . 
  m\u00fcnster is indeed a pretty boring place . 
  i 'd stick to , as you said , the bigger cities : berlin , munich , hamburg , cologne , etc. 
  in all of the time i 've spent at school i never knew anybody who was diagnosed with asperger 's . 
  most people here would n't know what it was if you asked them . 
  the size is irrelevant , though . 
  what counts is the number of inhabitants , which is why in discussions about crime , people argue by using per capita statistics . 
  besides , i was n't talking about crime . 
  i tried to make a point about how the presence of guns in public may have an effect on people 's emotional state and their actions . 
   where you live muggings and robberies and beat downs are much more common than in the us . 
  ~ ~ [ that 's not true if what we 're talking about can be defined as `` assault '' . 
  ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/cri_ass_vic-crime-assault-victims ) ~ ~ edit : i assumed they just did n't list it , but actually they do n't seem to have the data on germany . 
  unfortunately , i also could n't find any useful statistics on it elsewhere . 
  still , i 'm doubtful of assaults being * much more * commonplace over here . 
  i also have never experienced or hear of any of my peers getting mugged in this country , much less knifed . 
  a few fights have happened , but those were alcohol-induced bro fights outside of clubs that got broken up very quickly and where no party really wanted to seriously injure the other one . 
   this idea of walking on eggshells does not exist here . 
  while `` walking on eggshells '' is a pretty dramatic term i 've used , i ca n't believe that the knowledge that people around you may be carrying guns does n't have an effect on the way you , as a law-abiding citizen , feel . 
  especially in slightly dangerous situations where someone might become emotional and wants to harm you - things like someone starting to follow you after road-raging or * any * kind of conflict . 
  an interesting aspect of it is that people disproportionally often run amok in schools . 
  some years ago , i 've talked to my philosophy teacher , a brilliant man , about that for a few minutes . 
  he hypothesized that that is the case because of the trauma that students often experience in school . 
  i 'm pretty certain that he 's right with that , but i was wondering whether anybody has any sources that explain in detail what 's going on psychologically when people decide go on a killing spree in their old high school . 
  i 'd be grateful if someone could share such a source !, 
  this is indeed the biggest problem with this whole thing . 
  the us is so saturated with guns at this point that it will be a very long and hard process to get rid of them without actually leading to that asymmetry of power where petty criminals still have guns while normal citizens do n't . 
  another aspect , which i deem important , that never gets a mention in this debate is the effect that a society being allowed to carry weapons in public has on the general atmosphere . 
  where i live , i know that basically , no matter what i do , nobody is able to kill me on a whim . 
  if i get into some kind of conflict or even if i get mugged , robbed or beat down - the chance of me dying is extremely low . 
  yes , there are knives and whatnot , but the killing power of them is much smaller than that of a gun . 
  with many people running around with guns in public , that metaphorical `` safety net '' before death is gone . 
  you have to walk on eggshells to a small degree , because in the back of your mind you always know that someone could kill you in a trivial thing like a bar fight . 
  that 's the other , side of the `` with guns you can always defend yourself '' argument . 
  that little toxic aspect that lingers in the atmosphere of everyday life . 
  yes , people often throw around buzzwords to suppress meaningful discussion . 
  if you make an argument for well-regulated immigration policies and talk about how multiculturalism may not be a bed of roses , there 's a good chance , someone will explicitly or implicitly call you a * racist * , a * member of the far-right * or throw out some other kind of buzzword . 
  it shows that they 're not even willing to consider discussing the issue . 
  name-calling is a show of ignorance and a wastes everyone 's time and effort . 
  ( note that i 'm not talking about labeling actually hateful and racist comments as what they are . 
  that 's fine . 
  what i 'm against is being sensationalistic and ignorant . ), 
  i think that technology played the biggest role for the domination of european emigrants back then . 
  nowadays i think that it 's much more a cultural thing . 
  the west 's culture is rather submissive in comparison with that of e.g. 
  islamic countries .
