your colleagues are silly . 
  koreans are very welcome here . 
  could n't you get 100 % lifetime repayment period mortgages in sweden for a while ? 
  the rule of thumb is that `` one bigger '' is allowed in self defense ( fists < gas < knife < gun ) and he clearly moved towards her in a threatening way . 
  nothing will happen to her . 
  they 've also been gassing this same gang repeatedly over the summer after the law was changed so that petty theft and non-payment of fines in those cases wont land you in jail anymore ( hence these same dudes repeatedly steal from the same shops ) . 
  it 's not like they work ( or ever plan to ) so they do n't care about the rap sheet . 
  true-finns are closer to the social democrats ( left wing ) but they are eurosceptic and anti-immigration , so your point still stands . 
  the border in the south needs to start a few km north of st petersburg in the finnish gulf then run across the lagoda to where you drew . 
  greater finland shall rise !, 
  karelia , salla and kalastajansaarento all back to finland . 
  but especially karelia . 
  they delete them from your personal email space but create long term archives for the rest . 
  the university 's email server would likely keep old emails in nearly perpetuity . 
  finland occupies an inconvenient location with regards to russian access to kaliningrad . 
  in any conflict russia would have to rapidly invade and annex at least some proportion of the finnish coast , gotland and the baltic coast to maintain access to it . 
  it was a mistake ... 
  it 's fine in other versions on yle areena . 
  i am glad our president had the guts to say this . 
  so , basically the sub is eu integration and euro loving young men still living in their mom 's basement who pirate stuff online , strongly in favour of welfare who do n't like immigrants , love their nukes , hate government surveillance and ovewhelmingly want immigration rethought ... as well as being mostly divided on specific hot topic issues . 
  is that an adequate summary ? 
  sauna , death metal , moomin and the dudesons probably . 
  also , can the link in the interactive map for finland be changed to / r/suomi instead of / r/finland ? 
  / r/suomi is the actual geodefault and is the main finnish subreddit . 
  so you are betting that all of these highly experienced top cfos are short-termist and are n't considering the long term impact of brexit on their business ? 
  i doubt any of them care about a few weeks of market volatility ( outside of their own stock options ) , what they do care about is how easy or hard it will be for them to continue doing business as usual after a brexit . 
  what makes you think you 'll be able to maintain even eea level access to the single market ? 
  uk is n't even a member of the eea . 
  even if it is only 50 % as much a disaster as the financial crisis , that 's 100 % more disaster than it would have been if we simply remained . 
  ! remindme 2 years that one morons several hundred k in the market, 
  you 'll be at it for rather a while and that 's just to catch up to what you 've already got . 
  what makes you think negotiating treaties with the uk only will be a priority for our partners ? 
  obama was n't speaking metaphorically when he said britain will be at the back of the line . 
  and you also realise that the biggest market london exports its financial services to is the eu ? 
  sure , it was big before the eu . 
  but if you make it harder to do business from london than from frankfurt , everyone will downsize their london operations and move what they have to over to the continent . 
  that will be a net negative for britain no matter how you spin it . 
  the answer is that world has changed greatly since the 19th century and the answer is largely irrelevant . 
  the facts that matter are that if our biggest export industry can no longer export to it 's biggest market from the uk , they will have to move . 
  no amount of convenient timezone and language will be able to overcome that . 
  keep in mind , once we leave the single market or lose passporting rights any entity with an outsized uk presence servicing the whole of the eu will necessarily have to down size in britain and move services to the continent because they quite simply will not be able to continue trading as normal . 
  how that is n't going to be a loss for britain is a mystery to me . 
  they wo n't be happy about doing it but the british public have made that choice for them . 
  `` brussels '' does n't decide anything . 
  the u.k. was right there at the table negotiating with its eu partners about these deals . 
  but will not be any longer . 
  other partners will be under no obligation to honour their trade deals with regards to the uk for any deal they negotiated with the eu , once britain is out of the club . 
  it 's back to wto rules for trade with those countries . 
  `` high standards '' is only one part of what protects you as a user of financial services - especially cross border services . 
  also , are you suggesting that the uk should embark on setting global regulatory standards in order to replace passporting with the eu ? 
  the city will be dust before you 've managed that for even half our main trading partners . 
   some parts of banking regulation are essentially global and it is these bits that are similar . 
  however , in terms of finance generally , there are a range of differences which are quite fundamental , including insolvency processes , law of trusts , contractual interpretation and so forth . 
  so you 're saying there is a better shot of finding common ground with singapore on these issue than the french with whom we already deal with directly , today , without an issue ? 
  you 're saying the `` dream '' scenario here is that we negotiate harmonization of regulatory rules on a country by country basis to enable `` global '' passporting ? 
  ambitious !, 
   i am a lawyer working in finance . 
  highly unlikely . 
   most international finance is wholesale . 
  parties negotiate the legal system governing the relevant contracts . 
  passporting is used to support a variety of businesses . 
  everything from sme commercial loans and retail investments all the way hni wealth management and brokerage . 
  it is only at the high end where you are actually negotiating the legal system governing a contract . 
  imagine having complaints about your banking services resolved by trial by combat . 
  i bet the banks would invest big in champions . 
  complaint warrior could be a lucrative job for those brave enough to do it . 
  bi-lateral deals also take years to work out and often do not materialise . 
  they are already compliant with those rules if they are using passporting to do business across the eu . 
  the additive cost of multiple subsidiaries would be more than simply re basing . 
  it would be the easiest way for them to continue business as usual . 
  the uk would lose out however . 
  quite the opposite , 
   provided that they are regulated in a sensible manner by their own regulators , you do not need to regulate them . 
  you literally do not understand how financial services nor financial regulation works . 
  have you ever tried to sue a foreign company in a foreign jurisdiction ? 
  now try that for a billion dollar contract . 
  good luck . 
   they can sue the singaporean bank . 
  great . 
  i guess the next time your bank fails to pay your direct debit on time you can pack up and have an 8h flight to go speak to the singaporean fos about your complaint . 
   this is essentially a choice between the consumer ( which might , for example , be a french company ) and the bank . 
  i would recommend that they chose english law to govern their contract !, 
  again , you clearly do not understand how this works . 
  when you open your bank account with any bank or take out a loan , do you think there is a little box there where you can just choose `` contract governed by the laws of : '' . 
  personally i 'd choose `` laws of the sea '' in those cases . 
   english law and french law are , at their hearts , totally different from each other . 
  there are differences in codified vs common law systems sure , but on banking regulation they are remarkably similar . 
  care to name a difference since you feel they are so totally different ? 
  most importantly the single market allows ( in fact , requires ) that a french court honour the decision of a british one and vice-versa . 
   it does n't have to be like this and i hope the uk does not adopt this way of doing things . 
  i think the uk should allow for recognition of other countries ' regulatory regimes . 
  no wonder you voted leave . 
  i guess you would n't mind your current account regulated by the zimbabwe monetary authority then . 
  and how many of those services do you think they could serve europeans with far easier from within the single market than out of it ? 
  the answer is all of them . 
  no need to stick to the uk . 
  what do you think concentrated financial services and professionals in this country ? 
  it was lax rules and easy access to the whole of the eu . 
  foreign banks coming to europe come to britain for that reason . 
  if we lose access to the single market and the banks remain in britain , they will have to set up subsidiaries in every single european country in order to keep operating from the uk .
