read this as alabama ... still would n't be very surprised . 
  looked more like calm protests then riots . 
  one of my favourite places in europe . 
  in one of those pictures you can see my favourite fondue place ... and on the right is one of my favourite beer places . 
  that 's not really close to the problem at all . 
  russia has extremely strong relations with the eu , as does ukraine . 
  russia might want a buffer zone but both the eu and russia are not currently in a state of war ( prior to invasion ) . 
  russia created a civil war within a country for the purpose of keeping a buffer zone between itself and nato allied countries ( among many other reasons ) . 
  there is no similarities in the situation besides using the term `` buffer country '', 
  now were they attacked because they were gay or were they just attacked ? 
  this is not invasion ... this is historical reenactment . 
  we would just like honour all those soldiers by entering your country with memorial tanks and artillery . 
  russia promptly celebrates with historical reenactment . 
  salami tactics, 
  anyone in russia confirm this is the case in other supermarkets or is this just an example of biased reporting ? 
  i looked at the flight path for ay89 helsinki to bangkok ... it would probably add 1 - 2 hours to your flight if you had to bypass russia and go south and around . 
  yea i did , went and did historical lookup for yesterday around that time . 
  most flights westbound seem to be heading into moscow anyway if they are flying through russia at around that time . 
  yea i know that at this point - this would only make their world far far worse and would serve no greater purpose . 
  until i hear these restrictions are actually implemented , everything is just hearsay and trying to get the western world all riled up about russia by quoting some `` russian official '' without providing names or context . 
  who are these officials ? ... who did they say this to ? 
  which might be true , but do you think they will also block asian carriers flying to europe ? 
  in which case you will still have a large number of flights going between asia and europe anyway . 
  last thing they need to is to start pissing off the eastern side of the world . 
  just looking at a map , there does not appear to be a huge number of flights that go through russian airspace to begin with . 
  most european to asian flights seem to head south towards the middle east . 
  the only major crossover point seems to be north of georgia . 
  the other one is for flights going from asia to scandinavia , they seem to fly through russian airspace as well . 
  in the grand scheme though , it does not seem to be too huge an impact : source : i used this http://www.flightradar24.com/, 
  i 'm so down for this, 
  i found this article to have more sources and information than the independent news story . 
  https://www.newscientist.com/article/mg22730383-800-why-welcoming-more-refugees-makes-economic-sense-for-europe/ the benefits primarily refer to migrants and less so to refugees . 
  they agree that migrants are generally a net positive on the economy and can create jobs for locals ... but those are educated migrants . 
  i am personally unaware of the academic and skill levels of the average syrian as compared to your average western european . 
  '' `` unlike ordinary migrants , refugees did n't choose to come , '' says betts , potentially making their impact slightly different . . 
  but that means they will go home if they can , or if not , adapt like other migrants . 
  `` there can be local negative effects on jobs , but that can be managed , '' says betts . 
  for example minimum wages can stop immigrants undercutting locals . '', 
  eagles do n't hunt flies, 
  thats what the list is for that would be shared amongst the eu members . 
  name , fingerprint and details , country of origin , status etc etc. 
  no , but if they come to the country and do not tell the government they are there ... who will take care of them ? 
  they would rot in the streets because no one knows they are there , not because people gave up on them . 
  who will hire them ? 
  they do not speak the language and have no documentation and limited education . 
  you are right , they might see some work in low shops and such but they will still not make enough to have an apartment or live any better than in the foreign countries . 
  then what ? 
  i am presuming there is a list of refugees that were moved to different countries after being registered ? 
  they will have a choice , stay in the countries they were assigned and receive food , benefits and housing or go to germany and receive nothing because you were registered in a different country . 
  an eagle does n't hunt flies - fantastic saying . 
  which is fantastic - so for the 4000 that were registered , did you let them pass through onto germany/austria ? 
  were they given trains and buses ? 
  do you know how many applied for asylum ? 
  more or less for these small countries ; croatia serbia , macedonia are unlikely to have the resources and coordination to manage this without bringing in the military to assist . 
  germany is still having a hard time dealing with it as you hear complaints for the local cities and states about housing and volunteers , police . 
  the people who make it to germany are also more likely to cooperate as a majority will want to stay which makes it easier for them to be registered and fingerprinted . 
  for those people who have no interest in staying in croatia , they will purposefully avoid the authorities as to not risk being registered . 
  a open heart and smiling face can only take you so far . 
  germany found this out , hungary found this out , croatia is now finding this out . 
  the reality of managing the logistics of 6000 + people on the move through your borders is unmanageable without huge volumes of coordination and assistance . 
  when you watch the live streams you see the majority of people throwing and causing trouble are men . 
  watch any video and the majority are yet again ... men . 
  go to the bbc and tell me what `` shocking '' images you see . 
  all women and children ... yet the majority are men . 
  both sides use images to push their agenda ... thats how things go in the media . 
  the very first line says `` together with the czech republic '', 
  we may ... or may not ... we will see how we feel in the morning, 
  nothing wrong with bringing half a million ... just have to declare it on entry . 
  they probably would have allowed it given his fame is reasonable justification for having that much cash on him . 
  that rule is in place to prevent money laundering and many other illegal activities that might occur with using large cash transactions . 
  i live in munich . 
  a one bedroom apartment near the city is 500k . 
  sure germans support it when they think of people in need the general population will always support helping those who require it . 
  this poll , does it ask if they support an immigration influx of 450000 ? 
  does this poll outline the economic and civil impacts to such large volumes of immigration ? 
  i do n't disagree but i 'm interested . 
  the products sold in eastern europe , are they sold at the same price as germany ? 
  is the logistics of getting product to eastern europe more expensive and in turn the manufacture has a choice of increasing the cost to consumer or decreasing materials used to maintain same cost without customer impact ? 
  lower demand for product being offset through material choice ? 
  good , now if we can keep truckers out of the left lane on a two lane autobahn , we will be in business . 
  i wish we could adopt loonie and toonie, 
  can someone help understand the uk gdp ? 
  from the outside it looks like the uk has little in the way of exports and relies extremely heavily on their banking industry . 
  what keeps the uk floating ? 
  it 's tradition, 
  i bought one for the shear amusement that i have upset france in the smallest way possible . 
  ca n't afford the lawyers or shipping costs . 
  stupid sexy flanders, 
  grass on the polish side is n't groomed nicely . 
  what does it all mean ? 
  well sort of with regards to the `` since you are here '' part of the comment . 
  unfortunately due to the large number of migrants and foreign countries unwillingness to take them back , many people who do not qualify for refugee status will get the tolerated status as the government is unable to repatriate them . 
  the number of people with the tolerated status will increase until the german government is able to catchup on the paperwork and burocracy of the foreign countries . 
  uhhh ... : http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/justin-trudeau-to-announce-when-canada-will-seek-un-security-council-bid-1.3490290, 
  what is that ? 
  it looks like a giant ... 
  average high in june is only 25 degrees ... not bad at all but certainly not hot . 
  18 degrees low and night time is also pretty chilly ( not horrible obviously but not 25 + ), 
  hey - thanks for this . 
  we were looking closer to cape verde and it does look wonderful ( we are probably going to go there now anyway ) .
