  we looked at the portuguese and spanish islands but in winter spring ... they are n't really that warm ( 18 - 24 degrees ... much better than germany but still ) . 
  we were looking for 27 + degrees consistently and have a hard time finding it . 
  mozambique sounds extremely interesting ... i will have a look . 
  yes ... really disappointing . 
  egypt , tunisia , morocco , israel , greece and turkey were all on my list of places to go but unfortunately those seem to be postponed for another 2 - 5 years at least . 
  it is a really shame ... i am going to dubai though again so i will enjoy the heat . 
  it just seems really difficult to get to 28 + degree locations during winter/spring . 
  only chance from europe is south africa , a long flight to brazil or south asia . 
  all a great distance away from europe . 
  and in international waters ? 
  if you would like to enjoy the stupidity of how it is done - see here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyj_qidfy6u, 
  - refugees - greece - vw - world cup - killing biggest elephant in 50 years, 
  personally i find the differences in regan similar to schwarzenegger . 
  their politics differed from their acting significantly . 
  when they left the screen ... they were different people with different views and political stances . 
  trump on the other hand appears to play his character ( whether it is real or not ) at all times , his shows , his announcements and in his politics . 
  he feels like an on screen persona/caricature as opposed to a politician addressing his political stance on issues . 
  makes it look like americans prefer their politicians to be entertainers than to focus on governing a country . 
  can you really trust a man named mr. 
  lies ? 
  ( i know , i know in deutsch it 's lees but still ) . 
  italy has some great construction workers . 
  throw up some plaster , smooth it out and repaint . 
  bada bing bada boom got yourself a mountain face that looks like new, 
  can confirm - i spoke american english and was promptly beaten silly, 
  uk : `` hey guys ... i see that you guys are doing a lot of collaborating recently ... you would n't be planning some kind of united army or anything ... are you ... ? 
  eu : `` we have no idea what you are talking about , this is just a group of countries with common goals and ambitions working together to ensure mutual security across all borders '' uk : `` right ... so that 's a no then ? '', 
  so there are positions opening in the british government in the near future ? 
  10000 bottles of piim on the wall 10000 bottles of piim take one down , pass it around , 9999 bottles of piim on the wall, 
  i believe you 're meaning inditex ? 
  they produce zara line of clothing and i would say they are far more expensive then h&m brand goods . 
  who and where are the cloths produced ? 
  the only way i can see these companies improve these peoples lives is to offer perks in addition to the meager salary they are being offered . 
  if you increase wage directly , inflation will occur or further corruption will rear its ugly head . 
  improving facilities by offering beds , free food and minor lifestyle changes to start can help improve the these peoples lives without detrimental impact to the rest of the economy while also hopefully inspiring business in the area to do the same . 
  this might start a long term chain reaction at improving the area and people . 
  unfortunately , i do n't think companies are interested in this kind of thing as they drive towards the lowest costs with highest profits . 
  while i agree that having children work is deplorable , i 'm going to play devil 's advocate . 
  what 's the life of a 14 year old on myanmar look like ? 
  are they regularly in school ? 
  working towards a degree ? 
  or are they trying to make ends meet by working on a farm or for the family ? 
  ( i honestly do n't know ) 2 . who is going to change the social conditions of myanmar ? 
  would you like h&m to do it ? 
  or would you prefer they move to an ethical country ? 
  how much are you willing to pay for your clothing ? 
  do western countries have people willing to work in textile manufacturing lines similar to that of east asia ? 
  i am willing to bet much of what you use daily has been created by what we would call `` slave labour '' out of a number of asian countries . 
  much of those east asian countries economies are based on that very concept . 
  by enforcing change necessary to adopt ethical business practice , you will likely impact that economy significantly enough to put those people out of work anyway leaving them poorer then when they started . 
  what alternatives can be offered to mitigate this ? 
  like i said , the situation is absolutely horrid all around but i truly have difficulties coming up with long term strategies to help these countries and companies come to terms with their own immoral decisions . 
  taxes do n't stop the flow of people . 
  venice is absurdly expensive to begin with . 
  people who can afford to stay there and visit can afford any tax added anyway . 
  what will increasing tourism or city tax do ? 
  it is not like the city can build new infrastructure to accommodate more people . 
  all it can do is maintain , which the boatload of tourism dollars is doing now anyway . 
  you could but there are a number of business that might be impacted by this . 
  many people also stay outside of venice and only travel in for the day and leave in the evening to keep costs down . 
  now that would be a complicated mess . 
  i could n't even imagine how you would begin to regulate something of that scale ( cruise ships , buses etc ) . 
  book your timeslot months or years in advance online then you will have that many allotted days to stay in the city . 
  otherwise you have to wait in line for the numbers to clear so you can enter the city . 
  have so many `` on the day '' arrival cards for people who can enter the city without booking in advance . 
  agreed 100 percent ; i do n't think venice has a reputation as a party city . 
  most of the time it is filled with families and couples . 
  i think it is more of a problem with having such a large amount of people coming to the town regularly . 
  when you have that many people arriving you will have individuals from all backgrounds all looking for their personal brand of entertainment . 
  equally numbers of both museum goers as there are party animals . 
  venice is a beautiful city ... that survives because of tourism . 
  i am not sure what the alternative would be for the city . 
  the city itself is no longer useful as a major port city for shipping , it can not offer a tech or manufacturing industry . 
  if all of a sudden everyone were to stop going , the city itself would probably turn into another little italian village with even more repair problems then any other village . 
  i appreciate the sentiment that tourists ruin the atmosphere of these types of towns but i 'm not sure what the alternative would be . 
  what university is issuing the degree ? 
  i keep hearing the yugoslav wars as a basis for removal but the yugoslav wars were only 3 years in the early 90s with the un and other international organisations stepping in to intervene with a countries that are part of europe . 
  while i agree that the removal of people after the yugoslav wars was handled with the appropriate deportation notices this beast is so much more complex . 
  the syrian civil war has been going on for over 5 years with really no end in sight . 
  we have such a large number of people with no documentation or proof of origin that once the end of the war is near , how do you get them back into their appropriate countries ? 
  next , how do you enforce the deportation ? 
  many of the yugoslavians at the end of the war got their notice and the distance was in relative close proximity . 
  syria on the other hand requires at the very least a flight which will mean we have to force people onto planes . 
  if the current problems are any indication of getting people on flights , all the people who wish to stay will delay with sick notes and abscond . 
  i personally believe this situation is so much grander then the yugoslav wars but i really hope to be proven wrong . 
  we ca n't remove people from the magreb countries who are currently here illegally . 
  by the time syria finds peace , establishes a new government and rebuilds , the youth coming to germany will have had families . 
  clever but i have a feeling it wo n't be successful . 
  they will get the skills they need then stay in europe to get a job that pays decently instead of going back to a shit hole country wrecked by war . 
  at the very least it will help them integrate which is good . 
  not part of the european continent, 
  i commonly use pictures in foreign countries as a way to communicate . 
  i keep a pencil and paper on hand or show a picture from google images . 
  sorry ... most of the tea is imported ... 
  falls mainly on the plane, 
  i 'm sure the 10 people living there will be stoked . 
  always the english, 
  autorepublic i think if anything . 
  i do n't think they start civil wars though . 
  if you have a few minutes , watch : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qgydtdthoea tldw : banana plantation companies took political control over a number of central american countries and used their leaders as puppets .
