  the us is the only example of free speech done right . 
  are you suggesting that only the us edits programs to contain the most exciting parts ? 
  i said compare us show to european equivalents . 
  they should n't even be on the books . 
  many europeans find the hero worship very strange . 
  also the behaviour of many us cops appears quite appalling and needless antagonistic . 
  the are obviously bad cops everywhere but watch a show like cops and compare it to the a european equivalent , the police are far less physical in the vast majority of interactions . 
  drown out bad speech with more good speech . 
  in europe laws censoring free speech are used to stop hate speech as much as legitimate criticism and discussion of topics such as islam . 
  everyone of them should be shipped off to north korea for a couple of months . 
  then we 'll see how much they like to shit on western values . 
  yes , but those items are not primary law and do not change the elements of the criminal offence itself . 
  having an extremely vague criminal offences and narrowing down what the offence actually covers through administrative fluff is a ridiculous way to run a legal system . 
   i dont see how we are ethnically different then the scots or welsh . 
  or english ? 
  the genealogy of the ( geographical ) british isles is so mixed up . 
   dare ya to go to east belfast and tell them they 're irish . 
  there is just something amusing about the image of some twat from britain telling unionists they are not british and getting beaten up . 
  whenever i look at the history of ireland and the uk i always think what a waste , so many opportunities for the british to make things right or reach a better less bloody outcome . 
  ireland may have been a willing participant in the uk with devolution , a federal uk , a self governing dominion in the empire . 
  at least relations , at least my perspective , have been improving greatly . 
  you monster . 
  create some of the best comedies in existence ? 
  my history teacher at a-level refused to do any nazi based courses for this very reason . 
  most of the somali population in london are dutch citizens for this very reason . 
  indefensible but islam is not a race . 
  it 's ridiculous that he believes obama was born in kenya , but it is not racist to say he 's born there so ca n't be president . 
  he 'd say you ca n't be president either , regardless of race , unless your are a natural born us citizen . 
  * affected . 
   do n't become the most important person in the entire world by being stupid . 
  lol . 
  as someone who wants to stay the best outcome would be a strong vote to stay . 
  then the threats to leave but conservative backbenches would carry no wright . 
  is this why england invented so many games ? 
  everytime we lose at something we make up a new game with new rules ? 
  france : ok we wo n't score so you can win . 
  * game ends 0-0 * france : god dammit england . 
  and yet , neither of those are slander or libel . 
  therefore irrelevant . 
  the second part of the article sounds like advocating the us meddling in eu affairs which would not be appreciated . 
  slander and libel do n't get you 5 years in prison . 
  a law abridging free speech . 
  i know how to make people think we 're not nazis . 
  pass a nazi style law , that 'll teach 'em !, 
  it was a little hasty of me to phrase it that way . 
  it 's not as if the us voters get to directly influence legislation , and even they could the punchline would be foreign criminals deportable not minor shop lifting ruins lives even years later . 
  may been ever so slightly hyperbolic with the candy reference . 
  you can still be deported for one incident of shoplifting . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/moral_turpitude http://www.stabroeknews.com/2007/archives/02/09/green-card-holder-who-was-deported-for-shoplifting-allowed-back-to-usa-for-hearing-of-her-appeal/ http://rosenblumlawfirm.com/our-services/criminal-defense/shoplifting/immigration/ http://www.detentionwatchnetwork.org/node/518 http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2014/12/immigration-obama-deportation-misdemeanor-felony/383920/ https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/storyline/wp/2014/12/10/a-single-mistake-made-over-a-decade-ago-can-get-you-deported-even-after-obamas-action/ http://sharedfiles.org/immigration-law/5s13j-17-years-ago-deported-u-s-a-convicted-shoplifting.html, 
  and deportation for shop lifting $ 1 of candy is reasonable ? 
  it happens in the us . 
  i 'd consider turks to be white . 
  plus if you look at history they were usually the ones doing the oppressing . 
  would be quite amusing to have the opinion of a greek on the poor turks being oppressed . 
  every article refers to her as turkish . 
  why not there ? 
  he 's a white man so everything is his fault . 
  the turkish cunt was merely resisting oppression . 
  how are they getting people 's addresses ? 
  it is my understanding that so long as you have a visa that lets you live in the uk ( ie not just visiting ) and you have a uk address you are golden . 
  however , the definitive answer would be from the local electoral commission . 
  ca n't argue there . 
  this situation calls for soldiers . 
  european police are not soldiers in occupied territory like us cops often seem to act . 
  the referendum is being held under the general election rules . 
  uk citizens or common wealth citizens who are settled in the uk . 
  not eu citizens , unless they are from cyprus or malta . 
  would france accept british troops rounding up these criminals ? 
   only uk citizens can vote vote in the upcoming referendum . 
  not true . 
  try those idiots for treason . 
  part of sovereignty is being able to enforce said sovereignty . 
  he 's chief of nothing unless he wins an election . 
  who is the tyrannical racist ? 
  cos ? 
  my point is that even most syrians do n't count as persecuted under the rules . 
  the country is generally unsafe . 
  unless they are associated with non-isis rebels they are n't persecuted . 
  having a sane government when it comes to the refugee situation also helps . 
  it 's also the best way to help those who actually need it . 
  stay in the camps , children get prioritized and do n't drown trying to illegally cross . 
  land a transport plane in syria and push them out . 
  it 's not as if anyone in syria has the ability to stop european powers from doing that . 
   asylum by un standard is meant to save people from war no it 's not . 
  it 's supposed to save them from persecution . 
  some of us do . 
  morons going to moron . 
  you have to show up that early for security . 
  you sign a treaty agreeing to be bound by eu law . 
  of course there should be supremacy . 
  are you even responding to the correct comment ? 
  we seem to be in agreement . 
  having a public vote on basic human rights will lead to those very rights being tread on . 
  the referendum part is poor judicial logic . 
  fundamental rights are supposed to protect people from the tyranny of the majority . 
  uk and france already have some deep military links with sharing hardware and logistics . 
  i suppose the napoleonic wars would leave that impression . 
  english channel and british navy . 
  best way to deal with france . 
  what point are you making ?
