sounds like this british citizen needs the help of the sas . 
  i 'm not sure what your asking . 
  i do not support id cards in anyway . 
   most people ? 
  some foreign nationals have id cards with their visas and must register with the police . 
  i do n't they actually have to carry it all the time . 
   how do they know if you 're one of the people who have to have their id ? 
  i imagine the same way they decide who to stop and search . 
  ethnic minorities and those with foreign accents . 
  yeah you can . 
  the uk does n't require most people to carry id . 
  do n't be dense . 
  i even quoted the comment i was replying to , which is clearly about travel . 
  that poster has a bunch of comments complaining about people talking about travel and not trade . 
  i suspect their english comprehension is not as good as they think . 
  and ? 
  i was responding to a comment about travel not trade . 
  the person you replied to made a comment about both the open borders and free trade . 
  two parts . 
  i replied in relation to one part . 
  you 're quite right . 
  i was thinking of the proclamation power where s2 is invoked . 
  this is the trouble with constitutional law , that really has no impact on daily legal matters , changing after you 've left law school . 
   i would be especially concerned if they tried to end the free movement between the uk and ireland although i do not know enough about the subject to know if they can . 
  they ca n't , [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j7lji/this_is_the_officially_the_new_question_to_be/cunnyus ) is my previous comment about it . 
  basically the [ common travel area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area ) exists separately of the eu . 
   ca n't it still be open in a schengen area type of thing but reserved for the british isles ? 
  it 's called the common travel area , it predates the eu and the schengen zone https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area, 
  the open border has nothing to do with free trade . 
  the free travel zone already encompasses the isle of man and the channel islands , none of which are in the eu . 
  citizenship is a matter for member states , and again it would not make a difference . 
  in britain irish citizens are effectively citizens being given settled status and the right to vote etc. 
  in ireland british citizens are not even considered foreign under their immigration laws . 
  there are british citizens who are not eu citizens , yet can live and work in the uk and ireland . 
  this arrangement predates the eu and will continue independently . 
  technically the power still remains the monarch . 
  she just has no choice about when . 
   what a waste of time this has been ... 
  indeed . 
  your low digit iq and understanding of civil liberties is quite amusing . 
  some people have lived in many different countries . 
  no one cares sweden . 
  the soft underbelly of fascist europe . 
  that 's how greece renegotiates it 's loans . 
  germany : ok , as we agreed time to pay up . 
  greece : you 're literally hitler , you still owe us war reparations . 
  germany : sorry , here 's a new deal you can renege on in a years time . 
  it runs on pure physics ... who writes these articles ? 
  i did n't think so . 
  once again your lack of basic comprehension is showing . 
  originally you were talking about screenings . 
  this is where you consent to search as a condition of entry to a particular area . 
  my point is i would not consent to gain access to a train or public transport system . 
  the second point you made is correct . 
  where there is probable cause you would be detained and searched . 
  this would be deemed reasonable by any court and does not require your consent for a search . 
  this is a completely different situation to random screenings which are not based on probable cause . 
   do you honestly think that if a marine/police officer were to ask you to submit to a search because of suspicions of carrying a weapon , you would n't be forcibly removed , detained , and possibly arrested for `` obstruction of justice '' by refusing to comply with as search ? 
  the marine can jog on , unless empowered by law they have no search authority . 
  again you are lacking comprehension of these basic terms . 
  consenting or not consenting to a search is not the same refusing to comply . 
  i would not consent to a search , however i would not obstruct a search . 
  new york has probably the strictest gun laws in the us , so that does n't surprise me . 
   in the uk walking around with a gun ( even a replica ) is an automatic 5 year prison term no it 's not . 
  the mandatory minimum of 5 years applied to schedule 5 firearms , such as handguns . 
  see section 51a into the firearms act 1968 for a full list of firearms offences carrying 5 years minimum . 
  out of interest , which city ? 
   get over yourself , you are not above the law . 
  are you a troll ? 
  the highest law of the land is the constitution , the 4th amendment states : '' [ t ] he right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized . '', 
   ok tough guy learn some basic comprehension ; i did not say i 'd fight the cops or anything so ridiculous . 
  i would not surrender my rights . 
  not everyone is a pussy before authority . 
  what train lines ? 
  i 've never even seen security on a us passenger train and no way i 'm consenting to a search . 
   race is a meaningless construct of artificial categories which survives only in ideologies rooted in the past . 
  you should really stop taking drugs . 
  back under your bridge troll . 
  why were koreans affected by the greek purge ? 
  so it does n't actually let you live and work in poland ? 
  the russian economic ministry . 
  they would never tell a lie !, 
  if ireland was also a state their views would definitely be aligned with the uk . 
  would you rather have 1 ) no healthcare 2 ) mandatory insurance 3 ) nhs ? 
  smoked fish goes for a premium right ? 
  well ... that 's not very nice . 
  the only true universal law is english common law . 
  not some colonial poor imitation . 
  they certainly do n't have the power to overturn domestic legislation . 
  the us has been found in breach of tariffs on canadian softwood lumber multiple times and they do n't give a flying fuck . 
  how many of them actually become citizens ? 
  contribution based jsa is pretty useless though only means that if you have savings your jsa is n't reduced for the first 12 weeks . 
  britain and france should have ignored the us during the suez canal crisis . 
   rational and scholastic instead of forensic . 
  can you elaborate on this ? 
  deport would suggest permanent . 
  i would like to take them on an tour to show them the dangers of shitting on freedoms . 
  precedent clarifies , from the sound of it germany words the law so widely that it basically has no key elements for the prosecution to prove . 
  the uk has horrific free speech laws . 
  section 5 of the public order act : '' ( 1 ) a person is guilty of an offence if he : ( a ) uses threatening [ or abusive ] words or behaviour , or disorderly behaviour , or ( b ) displays any writing , sign or other visible representation which is threatening [ or abusive ] , within the hearing or sight of a person likely to be caused harassment , alarm or distress thereby . '',
