  there are un targets . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  i can understand some limit on unearned out of work benefits like income based job seeker 's allowance . 
  but 4 years for in work benefits ? 
  that 's nuts . 
  i 'm a huge fan of german food . 
  i 'd still take a good cumberland sausage over a brat anyday . 
  those sound amazing . 
  during the whole horsemeat scandal i saw an amusing skit that we 'd never tasted beef only horse . 
  many of those were invented in britain . 
  i do n't base my entire perception of swedish food on horse meat meatballs from ikea . 
  not to mention turkey still backs the illegal occupation of northern cyprus . 
  the greeks are n't too fond of that . 
  that 's why you add the like button to your adblock software . 
  sounds like the sas could use some prison break training exercises . 
  it happens though . 
  this is n't made up . 
  post some positive stories on romania . 
  i 'm inclined to think anyone who believes in kissing a random corpse for sky fairy points is an idiot . 
  he 's an idiot as he ca n't grasp the most basic concepts of cost . 
  salt in the wound . 
  i 'd just ignore him . 
  the guys a troll or an idiot , probably both . 
   because you guys cant balance a budget what are you babbling on about ? 
  cost is cost . 
  a terrible one . 
  english . 
  regional dialects do n't get pandered to . 
  oriental ? 
  when you are speaking in english you use the correct english term . 
  foreigners . 
  look at the definition of a refugee - there needs to be persecution . 
  being from a shit tier war torn country does not make you a refugee . 
  just ignore the idiot with a hard-on for incorrect american terms . 
  it 's what they are . 
  and yet apple have . 
  it 's still cost more than it 's worth in a few months . 
  at least turkey revealed they have more in common with third world dirt-holes than europe before joining the eu . 
  it 's a shame really , for a long time they looks like an example stable secular democracy in the muslim world . 
  so if a crime is committed , and it can be proven , your prosecutors would sit on their hands waiting for the ok to prosecute from a particular person/persons ? 
  well , that 's a shame . 
  or not let them in . 
   he 's a uk citizen . 
  is that confirmed ? 
   also , a crime has to be committed before someone can be deported . 
  that is n't true at all under uk immigration law . 
  unless you fall into a very limited number of categories or hold irish or british citizenship , you have no right to be in the uk . 
  unless he is a british citizen he has no right to be in the uk . 
  deport the cunt . 
   here 's a thing , why do you think i care how ireland 's economy will do ? 
  presumably you live there given your flair . 
   you poor fools still believe you have any negotiating leverage whatsoever , it 's cute , but irrelevant . 
   you do n't . 
  none . 
  zero . 
  the uk needs the eu , the eu does not need the uk . 
  the eu would be worse off trade-wise , but it would survive easily . 
   the uk would not . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  i explained quite clearly why there will be an agreement . 
  something you have provided no counter to , it 's in everyone 's interest . 
  quite possibly , with the pound currently being worthless there will be a short term uptick . 
   you think threatening to drag others down too is going to change anything ? 
  you seem confused on threat and reality . 
  anyone with half a brain cell realizes that ireland 's economy is linked with the uk 's . 
  yet you are foolish enough relish every piece of bad news for the uk 's economy . 
   why should any eu country care how the uk does when it did n't care ? 
  pure self-interest is the only reason . 
  the germans want to export cars to the uk , ireland wants to export food and services , poland wants to ensure the continuation of defence obligations . 
  the eu should not and will not be charitable to the uk , but there are common interests , and the legal framework that underpins those interests that needs to be preserved . 
  probably manufacturing . 
  uk manufacturing alone generators almost 5x the gdp of ireland . 
  i would n't be so happy , if the uk 's economy goes down in flames ireland wo n't be unscathed . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  this idiot probably did n't read the article and thinks it 's people applying for irish passports to stay in the uk . 
  i assume he 's pointing out that irish citizens count as settled in the uk . 
  failing to realise that british citizens can live and working in ireland already ( and not even using eu treaties ) - the people applying for irish passports are n't doing it to live and work in ireland . 
  they h8 us cus they ai n't us . 
  that 's pretty much how brexit happened . 
  shit rags like the daily mail have been blaming the eu for everything for years . 
  were the police the protesters were shouting at armed ? 
  a lot less armed police . 
  london has over 31,000 `` sworn officers '' , less than 3,000 are authorized to have firearms . 
   we 're still catholic the uk is not . 
  obviously yes . 
  while all of that is true , there is something fundamentally retarded about protesters shouting hands up do n't shoot at unarmed cops . 
  why the fuck does blm exist in the uk ? 
  because it 's discrimination . 
  at the very least i would expect mens membership to be discounted for each evening they ca n't use the facilities . 
  the only reason he was n't aborted is his parents were christian . 
   go protest against your nightclubs lmao i wish they would . 
  clubs are shitty with cunts at the door . 
  you are n't understanding . 
  to go to your bakery example . 
  i book someone to make a cake and cater my wedding , i invite all my friends and family none of them are gay . 
  the baker is not discriminating . 
  on the same day as my wedding the baker is asked by a gay couple to cater their wedding . 
  the baker being booked up refuses . 
  the baker is not discriminating . 
  the baker who has no prior engagements is asked to cater a jewish wedding , the baker explains he is a massive neo nazi so is not comfortable catering a jewish wedding .
