as a somersetian i feel i must tell you that that was n't cider . 
  and all other anarchists agree that they are n't anarchist and misuse the name . 
  lol the queen has unrestricted access to the most powerful person in britain , and in all the other countries where she is head of state . 
  more likely pro-union vote based on everything i have read . 
  however any pro-brext or pro-union voters could have voted for labour and usually would have if the scots were still anti-tory . 
  not the queen of england . 
  although scotland may have given the tories the seats they need to form a coalition with the dup . 
  but both you guys and the irish will still somehow find a way to hold that against us i am sure !, 
  apparently lots of young people and a high turnout . 
  but the distribution of results has generally been odd to say the least . 
  autumn, 
  yes , shame about bristol west :( . 
  i still ca n't help feeling the greens suffered from ill-informed first time voters . 
  the conservatives have been loathed in scotland since thatcher , that they won seats there while losing them everywhere else is quite a big deal . 
  just to clarify , while this is technically true , many english , welsh , and scottish republicans take the oath as a formality to serve as mps . 
  the main reasons that sinn fein do n't take their seats is that they do n't recognise the legitimacy of the british governments rule of northern ireland . 
  it certainly worked for cameron . 
  i doubt that would go over well with his hatred of muslims . 
  were ukip not running ? 
  hey we want scotland no fair :(, 
  some polls are actually looking ok , it 's just that they 're probably wrong . 
  50/50 i would say . 
  he is saying it because english voters do n't want him to enter a coalition with the snp that would see him offering concessions to scotland , whether he will actually avoid coalition with them i 'm not sure . 
  all of the people who the police think might be dangerous should be put in concentration camps ? 
  i was more wondering if continentals had any insight about why our press is so bad , or more how their press avoided the same pitfalls . 
  how does the press work on the continent ? 
  maybe after we have spent 10 years self destructing we will rejoin without any vetos , rebates , or exceptions :p . 
  there will still be parliament to please , he ca n't just withdraw from nato . 
  they started off well ahead in the polls , so they thought it was an easy way to gain a larger majority . 
  i do n't think r.europe likes us any more :p . it was called about 7 weeks ago by the prime minister theresa may from the conservative party ( tories ) . 
  at the last election the conservatives won a small majority of 16 seats . 
  since the last election labour have elected a more left wing leader , jeremy corbyn , and it has lead to a lot of infighting . 
  jeremy corbyn has been controversial and was generally seen as unelectable . 
  after triggering article 50 theresa may had a 20 % lead in the national polls , and so she decided to call an election to try to make the most of her post-brexit support . 
  at the beginning of the campaign everyone thought she would crush labour and gain in the region of 150 seats . 
  however jeremy corbyn has fought one hell of a campaign while theresa may has made a series of gaffes . 
  labour have eaten into the conservatives lead , which is now less than 10 % . 
  some polls put the contest as narrow as 3 % !, 
  potentially the conservatives could end up losing seats after calling an election , or even losing their majority !, 
  the vote is in a weeks time so labour would really have to make a big last minute push to do this however , and most people think that there will be a last minute swing back to the conservatives . 
  still it will probably be a lot closer than was expected . 
  it could also mean that the conservatives turn on theresa may for running such a poor campaign and we end up with a new pm , even if they win the election ( please not borris johnson ) . 
  you could sell the rights to the name macedonia ... 
  and heres me desperately sifting through the porn archives to find the most regional english accents i can ... 
  supposedly the audience was picked so that 1/3 was labour , 1/3 tory , and 1/3 undecided . 
  the labour lot did seem a lot more common though . 
  may would probably just nuke the falklands . 
  `` tough decisions '' ^ ^ tm . 
  blame the blonde chimpanzee that somehow got into oxbridge and then plastered ' # 350m ' on the side of a bus . 
  and blame the succession of education ministers that lead to our elections being decided by what was written on a bus . 
  are other countries politicians not like that ? 
  just seems like good strategy to me . 
  you do n't like it when porn is in your own language ? 
  why do n't they like it ? 
  if i was in the eu i would be too . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  it seems clear that they have the naval power to keep any and all shipping lanes open and the army and logistics to intervene in any country they wish . 
   i 'd like to think that our history ( even just the past 100 years ) reflects our commitment to countries in europe both small ( latvia , belgium ) and large ( poland ) . 
  we would all like to think that but i am not sure poland or eastern europe would agree with us . 
  i think if trump really understood geopolitics he would n't be complaining that the us is the worlds only millitary superpower . 
  it is not in the us 's interest for the eu to millitarise . 
  ha it 's funny i was thinking the opposite !, 
   yes the true threat to europe is the uk and america , not russia i think you misunderstand , the reason the eu does n't need a big navy ( in their view ) is because the only navies that could threaten the eu are the american and british , which are allies . 
  edit : sorry wrong comment . 
  it was decent and i remember many british people believing it was the best in the world , but i was n't sure if it actually was considered that . 
  for a while i thought the german system was reckoned to be the best . 
  was it ever ? 
  i think that still relies on being able to react quickly enough to slow down the russian advance at strategic points so that they do n't have momentum by the time they reach germany . 
  in a situation where russia just steam rolls the whole of eastern europe a huge part of this defence spending is useless anyway as assets will just be destroyed piecemeal . 
  if we assume that we are unable to mount an organised defence against russian invasion then we are essentially relying on the uk , france , and italy to push russia back with american support . 
  at which point we 're talking more like 120bn to russia 's 60bn , but then a much larger portion of russias budget is dedicated to land forces . 
  if we include reserves then russia has over 3m personnel compared to roughly 1m for the combined forces of the uk , france and italy . 
  in terms of armour the uk has 227 mbts , france has 200 , italy has 200 , russia has 2500 excluding reserves . 
  yes true , i should probably have said ` old fashioned ' :p . i am quite worried that europe is poorly prepared to defend against modern asymmetric tactics and little green men . 
  tbf i imagine that being a tax haven sort of makes it difficult to pay your share of defence , unless each individual soldier is given his own tank to ride around in . 
  is that 200bn not including us then ? 
  i 'm surprised at your neighbours !, 
  while this is true and i do think europe would win any conventional war with russia the lack of integration of our forces is still something to take into account . 
  as it stands russia could probably gain a lot of territory before we mounted an effective defence . 
  the alt-right philosophy is that the democrats elected a black man . 
  haha touche , 
  does n't change the fact that the us did n't achieve it 's objective of annexing british north america . 
  i 've never noticed how tiny his feet are before either . 
  like i know he has small hands but he has teeny tiny feet !, 
  apart from the bit where you achieved none of your strategic objectives sure , 
  its lucky trump has no idea who that is otherwise he would be really offended !, 
  i mean yeah ... but it is fucking hilarious though . 
  i would love to see other world leaders all joking about it in private . 
  i was n't saying that you had to support remaining in the eu if you felt european , just that many of those who were upset by brexit wanted to remain in the eu because they felt european . 
  yeh but if you can get past it long enough to eat some of the weird pretentious food they make it is all worth it . 
   midlands you ... you can be on your own team . 
  we were defending ourselves as much as anyone else . 
  the death toll was the price we paid for freedom and the empire was the price america exacted on us in exchange for a lower death toll . 
  i do wonder what people think of when asked the question above , i 'm absolutely amazed if only 45 % of brits would take millitary action upon russia invading poland . 
  that 's basically ww2 all over again . 
  all that will do is weaken nato . 
  besides do we really want the eu to millitarise ? 
  i disagree , a lot of british people and others from around europe feel european . 
  that is why so many people were heartbroken by brexit after all . 
  i do n't think this was meant to benefit any one party , it was the anniversary of the murder of lee rigby .
