  i see it . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that similar declines happened in the west , even in countries such as the uk and noone was calling the leaders head on a pike . 
  latvia 's real wages fell by around 25 % in 2008-2009 as another example . 
  in 99 % of cases , real gdp is reported , which accounts for inflation . 
  it happened in most western countries . 
  in the uk real wages fell by 10 % from 2007 to 2015 . 
  it 's not a myth , it 's well known that half or so of serbia was liberated by the red army , prekmurje in slovenia and a tiny part of croatia as well . 
  there are graves and memorials to soviet soldiers in all those countries in the parts liberated by the soviets , built mostly in 1945 or so . 
   you make good points , though i was n't talking about the soviet union you should write that in your original post then . 
  because most people will understand soviet union when referring to `` eastern allies '' . 
  also define which partisan groups you mean , because most partisan groups like upa did not have any official link to the western allies - uk/usa ( some did , like the yugoslav partisans , but they were n't antisemitic at all afaik ), 
  because officials employed by supranational entities usually get their pensions from the same supranational entities they worked at . 
  it 's not about eu citizens working in the uk and vice versa , but people employed in the eu institutions . 
  so in this case , former uk officials would get their pensions from the eu funds . 
  same here . 
   not just in estonia , but in the world and in europe as well . 
  now if they killed more people , then how come fascism is still the worst enemy of humanity ? 
  fascism killed people on racial grounds , it was institutionalized racism . 
  communism did not . 
  is it that hard to understand ? 
  thats why the swastika is banned , while the hammer and sickle is not in most countries . 
  playing genocide olympics is pointless, 
  you should n't bother , you will get downvoted to oblivion . 
  this sub is basically an anti-russia circlejerk . 
  the fall happenend mainly in 1990-2000 . 
  i see this theory often ( that they allowed the uprising to fail ) , but is there evidence that the soviets stopped the offensive for this reason ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  because the soviets did a similar stupid thing during the oder-vistula offensive , they stopped at the oder , and allowed the germans time to fortify berlin , while they could just push forward while it was still undefended . 
   france and the uk have a bigger military budget than russia , germany comes close . 
  [ not true . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ), 
  you generally ca n't win if you `` attack '' by buying a currency . 
  since the central bank can give you an infinity of its money . 
  pegs usually break when people are selling your currency and the central bank eventually runs out of foreign exchange that they have to keep selling to keep up the peg . 
  that 's what happened when the bank of england was broken in 1992 . 
  russia recently was forced to devaluate sharpy for a similar reason - people were selling roubles en masse . 
  switzerland 's case was a policy choice . 
  the republicans were all sorts of people . 
  there would probably have been another civil war shortly after between the reds and the not-so-red . 
  gdp per hour worked is an even better measure . 
  since for example , in france people work considerably less than in the us . 
  they could , for example , reduce their military . 
  they have a larger standing army than spain , but have almost 5 times less population compared to spain . 
  they spend in excess of 2 % gdp that nato requires on their military . 
  ok then , but then the concept is really irrelevant for this discussion, 
   that number really does n't tell me anything . 
  if you have 1 huge company that employees 1 million people . 
  and 10 companies that hire 1 person . 
  the average size would be 100k people ... that 's just weird . 
  your example would n't really work , since once a company exceeds 499 employees it 's not an sme anymore by definition . 
  so his point is quite correct . 
  i would be surprised if germany actually bases the definition of the size of a company on the ownership of it . 
  it 's conceptual confusion . 
  definitions of size generally involve number of employees and the revenue of the company . 
  it 's an important definition , since at some point you have to start auditing your books and plain accounting is not enough . 
  here 's from wiki :  the majority of definitions define the mittelstand as a statistical category and most commonly suggest that mittelstand firms are small and medium-sized enterprises ( smes ; german , kleine und mittlere unternehmen or kmu ) with annual revenues up to 50 million euro and a maximum of 499 employees, 
  it 's actually not that well understood . 
  france is unique in it 's demographics . 
  they did n't have the so called demographic transition ( boom in population in the 19th century ) their fertility rates crashed already after napoleon for some reason . 
  but they always had it relatively high and close to 2 . 
  yeah i know many escaped . 
  my point is that `` all nazi collaborators were prosecuted by nurenberg tribunal '' is simply false . 
  most of the nazi collaborators were tried by the countries themselves ( quisling in norway , antonescu in romania , same in the netherlands etc ) . 
  so the argument that if someone was n't tried in nuremberg it makes him clean is faulty . 
  were they though ? 
  most of the collaborators were eventually tried for treason and executed by the governments of the countries themselves postwar . 
  leon rupnik , for example the slovene collaborator was tried and shot after the war by us , yugoslavia . 
  same thing happened with the vichy france leaders and most other coutries , they were tried and shot by the respective countries . 
  nurenberg trials were mostly for nazi war crimes . 
  in the eu , the resolution of banks is uniform and mandated by a directive , the brrd , since 2016 . 
  it works more or less how i described . 
  see : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-14-297_en.htm, 
  thats what a bailout is . 
  you will get a nationalized bank , i.e. 
  shares will be owned by the german state and existing shareholders will be wiped out along with maybe the owners of subordinated debt if the new rules are enforced . 
  bank bailouts are generally not profitable though , when the bank is eventually privatized again . 
  i also think they 're blowing this russia threat out of proportion , especially poland , sweden and other countries without russian minorities . 
  only the baltics , estonia and latvia specifically , can legitimately feel threatened since they have a substantial russian minority in my opinion . 
  anschluss is still prohibited by the austrian state treaty btw, 
  stop being delusional , eurozone countries lost the right to issue their own currency when they adopted the euro . 
  again , the national central banks are part of the eurosystem and the european system of central banks , and is basically and offshot of the ecb . 
  no , it 's not correct . 
  they also raided the central bank , which is part of the eurosystem and falls under special escb law , that 's why draghi protested . 
  there is a fundamental difference between a centrally planned economy , which they had prior to deng , and what they have now . 
  the eastern bloc had a centrally planned economy and north korea still has one . 
  the difference is not merely one of degree , but of kind . 
  prices do not convey information about what is scarce and the profitability of various enterprises in a centrally planned economy . 
  furthermore money does not function as capital in centrally planned economies . 
  even if they have state owned enterprises etc in china , alot of countries have those , it 's a fundamentally different system than what they have in north korea . 
  http://www.worldeconomics.com/data/madisonhistoricalgdp/madison%20historical%20gdp%20data.efp check the excel file there for the data since 1820 , what he claims seems to be true until 50s not 60s though . 
  it actually does . 
  it means those countries had a centrally planned economy , which was an abject failure everywhere it was tried . 
  labour is a factor of production along with capital . 
  it is only with the mobility of both factors of production across borders that the eu can claim to be an economic union , and it constituting a single market . 
  in economic theory , factor of production mobility should increase efficiency and ultimately make people better off than otherwise , overall , although there are obvious losers and winners from the process . 
  trade volume diminishes by geographic distance , it should be obvious . 
  you ca n't export eggs from finland to south america . 
  finland ca n't just chose who it exports to , because it 's also about geography . 
  in any case , you are blowing russia out of proprotion for being unstable economically , finland afaik had good trade relations with them from ww2 on , until eu , not russia , fucked them over with the sanctions . 
  there 's this criterion , in the `` macroeconomic imbalance procedure '' , as part of the six pack legislation adopted in 2011 :   3 year backward moving average of the current account balance as percent of gdp , with thresholds of +6 % and -4 % this is what he was referring to .
