slovenia is the only country inside the euro where famalies have less euro 's per month to spend tham portugal  that was he said is n't true . 
  and your comment about ppp being relevant here is n't either . 
  and in any case ppp is irrelevant for countries using the same currency, 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tec00114&amp;plugin=1 in purchasing power standards , 100 represents eu average : slovenia 83 portugal 78, 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tec00001&amp;plugin=1 gdp per capita at market prices at end of 2014 : slovenia 18,100 eur portugal 16,600 eur, 
  the economic consensus at the introduction of the euro was that it was likely a bad idea . 
  that is because the eurozone has no fiscal transfers between states and monetary policy can not offset asymmetric shocks , i.e. 
  shocks that hit one country but not the other in a monetary union . 
  read up on the literature on `` optimum currency areas '' you can see this , by example of iceland , how quickly it recovered from the crisis in contrast to any other eurozone country ; this is due to being able to devalue your currency . 
  capital controls, 
  this is not correct , external debt is not the same as public debt . 
  iceland never had a public debt higher than greece . 
  external debt means debt owed to foreigners by iceland residents . 
  it has nothing to do with the solvency of the icelandic state . 
  russia was abnormally bad in say 2005 . 
  it has turned around quite since then . 
  total fertility rates are rising , it has a positive natural change , which means more births than deaths . 
  it has immigration rather than emigration . 
  japan , germany , italy , bulgaria , ukraine , south korea , etc have it worse, 
  i know right . 
  it 's omnipresent ; the immigrants are taking our jobs , the elderly are n't retiring and taking the young 's jobs , robots are taking our jobs etc. 
  the most famous study is `` mariel 's boatlift '' in the 80ies in miami , where cuban refugee 's suddenly added 7 % to the working age population . 
  it 's almost a natural experiment in economics . 
  http://davidcard.berkeley.edu/papers/mariel-impact.pdf one should likely draw a similar conclusion in today 's europe . 
  read about the `` lump of labor fallacy '', 
  https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2016/html/pr160504.en.html 500 $ note is done !, 
  no , i know austria is not nato , but is in the eu . 
  and the eu has that article as some sort of ( separate from nato ) `` common '' defence . 
  but like you said , i 'm not entirely sure what it means . 
  article 42 , paragraph 7 of the treaty of the eu reads :  7 . 
  if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power , in accordance with article 51 of the united nations charter . 
  this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
  dunno if it means the same as article 5 of nato though , im no expert . 
  whatever , i do n't see how a currency has anything to do with `` protection and independence from foreign interference '' . 
  if they adopted the detusche mark then ok , you could say they adopted `` your currency '' . 
  montenegro adopted your currency , they use the euro without joining the eurozone . 
  but the euro comes with all sorts of requirements and obligations , like the maastricht treaty etc. 
  and just ask greece how the euro brought stability them `` independence from foreign interference '' . 
  poland and cz.rep has stable currencies . 
  in fact they do not want to join the euro , because they lose `` stability '' that comes without having your own currency . 
  surely , they 'd want to join if they wanted to take advantage of stuff . 
  i do n't understand , your share of what is a multitude , the number of banknotes ? 
  both countries use the euro as their currency . 
  my point is simply that it 's not anyone 's currency that was then shared with someone . 
  us was n't allied with anyone . 
  france was allied with czechoslovakia , but did not honor it , however . 
  `` share our currency with them '' is not really how the euro works . 
  it 's a common currency . 
  you share it with them as much as they share it with you . 
  gross value added is basically gdp . 
  also , btw , since you edited your post , after my reply the official date of the dissolution of the su does n't matter . 
  the period of transition to a market economy matters , and that happened from 1990 on . 
  and the worst was already over for ee countries by 1992 . 
  poland was already growing in 1992 for example , same with czech republic . 
  slovenia probably was n't , like you correctly pointed out due to the turmoil in ex-yugoslavia , but again , the worst of the recession was over . 
  the official dissolution of the su was brutal for ex-su countries , like ukraine and georgia and so on , but those are n't in eu , except the baltics . 
  you could calculate average yearly growth rates for example , instead of cumulative . 
  it does n't have to be 12-12 if you will at any time work seriously with economic time series data , you have to account for things like the 2008 crisis , or the collapse of the su , they 're called `` structural breaks '' in time series analysis, 
  you have to include 1990-1992 if you want to capture su collapsing . 
  slovenia was already out of recession in 1992 , so you skew the numbers in the first period upwards . 
  but i guess that was the whole point of your post . 
  many speak it obviously , it 's the second most spoken language in slovenia , but they learned it , not because it 's mutually intelligible . 
  many kids that were born in 1985 or so , did n't have the subject in schools anymore , and were n't exposed to yugoslav media anymore , so alot of the younger generation , including me , ca n't really speak it . 
  like , i can understand some words when it 's spoken , but i ca n't really follow a speech or conversation , maybe i can get a broad picture of what he was talking about because i understand a word or two , but otherwise not really . 
  slavic languages being mutually intelligible is a myth . 
  i ca n't follow or read serb or croat at all , as a slovene . 
  there are some common roots of words , but other than that it 's unintelligible . 
  turkey is in the council of europe btw . 
  the term europe is n't always used strictly geographically , but also historically/culturally etc. 
  that 's why armenia is also in the council of europe , even though it 's not even geographically on the continent if my geography is right . 
  and hence , like you quoted the wiki article , if the article used one of the various definition of europe , and turkey falls in it , it can call it a european country . 
  i do n't see why you 're making such a fuss about it . 
  turkey is listed in the article you just linked . 
  see specifically this part of the page : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe#politics it 's because culturally and historically it was part and parcel of what was happening in europe . 
  same with russia, 
  those are terrorist attacks . 
  you can claim they are the same , and sometimes the distinction is blurry , like in breivik 's case . 
  but mass shooting refers more to a mindless rampage , like elliot rodgers , james holmes , columbine etc. 
  thats from 1997 , for new members , if i see correctly . 
  portugal was a dictatorship and was a founding member . 
  turkey had a couple of military coups while in nato ; theres probably more . 
  nato was a military alliance , its not the eu . 
  yeah , sure . 
  what are those requirements , did n't spend more than 2 % on defense ? 
  soviet union asked to join nato in 1954 , but was flat out rejected btw . 
  yeah , exactly , i do n't even see the threat in lavrov 's words . 
  if you join an alliance designed against russia , which nato is , then obviously you will become a target . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  no that 's correct , there are second order effects . 
  obviously , if your net worth tanked by 50 % you are going to be more prudent in your spending . 
  i 'm just saying gdp is supposed to measure the productive capacity of an economy , while wealth is a static thing . 
  and there can be big declines of asset values without it being accompanied by a recession . 
  i ca n't access the site . 
  but usually such high discrepancy is between 2 methodologies that are usually reported in the press . 
  the ilo methodology is basically a survey , and asks if you are employed and looking for work etc , you need to be actively looking for a job to be counted as unemployed . 
  this yields the lowest rate , since it does n't count people registered at the country 's employment office that are just registered there and not actively looking for work . 
  the other way is usually to count the registered unemployed people at your employment office . 
  this method usually overstates the unemployed due to there being registered people that are not actively looking for work and therefore not really unemployed . 
  as well as some are actually working in the shadow economy but are registered to have some benefits . 
  inflation means positive change in an price index , e.g.
