  nice video . 
  definitely made up my mind that internet voting is a bad idea . 
  thats like 5 % gain in a day , it 's a huge change for currency markets . 
  currency pairs are usually much more stable . 
  thats why theres talk of trying to lower the volatility in ops article . 
  ok , i checked and they do refer to usd/rub the way you said in some finance news . 
  it 's incorrect mathematically , if it 's interpreted as an actual fraction , however . 
  thanks , til, 
  everything is done in slovene . 
  only italians and hungarians are considered minorities in some parts and can use their language in administration and schools and so on . 
  krim is just the name of crimea in his language . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's like that in both ukrainian and russian . 
  probably in all slavic languages . 
  it has nothing to do with nationalism . 
  there 's a region in italy , south tyrol , where most people that i came across do n't even speak italian , just german . 
  you can federalize , grant autonomy , allow them to use their language in specific regions etcetc . 
  your the analysis is correct and i agree with it . 
  it 's just that usd/rub ratio rising means rouble rising/appreaciating or equivalently dollar depreciating . 
  example : the ratio usd/rub of 1 would mean you get 1 dollar per 1 rouble , a usd/rub of 2 , would mean you get 2 dollars per one rouble , hence rising rouble , falling dollar . 
  then austria or denmark is even cheaper !, 
  0 $ per month , since they have no minimum wage . 
  does n't work like that . 
  you need to compare labor costs , which include taxes on labor , depends on the sector , depends how skilled and so on and so on . 
  currencies of commodity producing nations never appreciate as the price of their export commodity falls though . 
  germany did n't want the euro . 
  mitterand would n't let germany reunify unless they abandoned the dm . 
  the title is misleading . 
  the idea is to use nukes to deflect not to destroy the asteroids . 
  quote from the article :  scientists concluded that the safest method would be to carry out the detonation while the asteroid was still in deep space , ** and the aim would be to alter the object 's course ** and direct it away from the earth , rather than to destroy it . 
   most of that fx reserve is illiquid or in already earmarked funds , and contrary to what some believe it is not a huge pile of cash free to be used in any manner . 
  and my quote :  you said the fx reserves are illiquid and can not be used freely . 
  what am i missing ? 
   most of that fx reserve is illiquid or in already earmarked funds , and contrary to what some believe it is not a huge pile of cash free to be used in any manner . 
  greece was free to chose to default on their debt, 
  you said the fx reserves are illiquid and can not be used freely . 
  then you link a paragraph where it says that they are using the fx liberally . 
  if they are using them liberally it means they are liquid . 
  the point is , if something can be classified as a fx reserve it has to be liquid . 
   ... and the government has started liberally dipping into this money . 
  which means they are liquid , unlike what you said . 
   most of that fx reserve is illiquid or in already earmarked funds , and contrary to what some believe it is not a huge pile of cash free to be used in any manner . 
  source ? 
  fx reserves are by bpm6 definition liquid and ready for use , to , for example defend the exchange rate , like they did at the end of 2014 . 
   ... saudi arabia assuming $ 29 . smth . 
  looks like the kremlin chessmaster has no idea what 's up . 
  saudi arabia budget deficit was 12,7 % of gdp . 
  russia was 2,6 % in 2015 . 
  they are n't a complete petro-state . 
  they definitely know whats up , and are preparing stress tests if oil goes down even more . 
  it 's not easy to fudge data at all in any developed country . 
  when death occurs and you report it , a medic comes to your home . 
  he asks how he died , what illnesses he had , checks the body etc , in order to determine cause of death . 
  if he can determine cause of death this way that 's that . 
  otherwise an autopsy is performed to determine cause of death . 
  what i 'm saying is that there 's probably no persistent bias in the statistics . 
  i never stated he wanted to . 
  i said it dissolved more or less peacefully while he was chairman . 
  he refrained from using excessive force to keep it up etc. 
  that is why he keeps receiving awards . 
  anyway , fbi does n't have much to do with crimes committed by states of state agencies , so thats besides the point . 
  mass murder in this context is something organized alike the katyn massacre , srebrenice , holodomor etc. 
  gorbachev did n't commit mass murder . 
  the soviet union dissolved more or less peacefully under his watch , unlike say yugoslavia . 
  you do n't buy anything in ppp , it is n't a currency . 
  this was the point i was trying to get across : http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/fandd/2007/03/basics.htm, 
  ppp is useful because ppp exchange rates are much more stable , and do n't fluctuate 50 % in a year as the motherland 's did this year . 
  market and ppp are just two completely different metrics regardless if used in per capita or total and each has its pros and cons . 
  see e.g. 
  : http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/fandd/2007/03/basics.htm, 
  gdp is yearly income . 
  this is the definition of gdp , it 's income of all residents of a country in a particular year . 
  it is also calculated as such by statistical offices . 
  right . 
  and yes . 
  hryvnia and the rouble crashed by around 50 % in 2015 due to the conflict , sanctions , low oil prices . 
  gauging nominal gdp this way as op has done can be misleading to say the least . 
  just slightly and it has 4x the population, 
  i 'm well aware how ppp works . 
  ironically your example of the chinese man is an instance of why gdp per capita in ppp is many times misleading when comparing countries for living standards . 
  anyway , my point is simply that there is no reason to prefer one measure over another depending if you want per capita or total . 
  ppp is simply a completely a measure . 
  ppp gdp numbers are probably more useful to compare `` gross output '' in this case , due to the various currencies in use in europe and the wild swings of exchange rates that happened in 2015 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28ppp%29, 
  why is nominal better than ppp for comparing output ? 
  you got 1,2 dollars for 1 euro at the start of 2015 . 
  at the start of 2016 you get 1,07 dollars for 1 euro . 
  so even if you grow at 3,5 % , the roughly 11 % decrease in the value of the euro wipes that out and more . 
  it 's just shitty data to compare various economies with different curriencies , like russia , uk , poland , eurozone etc. . . 
  why use ppp when comparing gdp per capita , and not when comparing gdp ? 
  there 's no rationale for this . 
  data for 2015 is n't out yet . 
  http://data.worldbank.org/about/country-and-lending-groups#high_income high income in global standards according to the world bank . 
  noone knows . 
  catholic influences does n't help much . 
  poland , for example , has one very low birth rate but is very catholic . 
  uk , france and sweden are examples of high birth rates in the eu . 
  part of it is , i think how the economy is doing and hence how safe people feel with their jobs and regard the security of the future . 
  many european countries saw upward trends in birth rates prior to the crisis and then downward or stagnating after that . 
  data for 2015 are estimates . 
  anyway i do n't know . 
  if you check last few years , theres a slight trend upwards in germany 's fertility and birthrates , while italy 's is slightly downward or stagnating .
