  you have the hague conventions/geneva conventions etc. 
  it 's not about a type of weapon ( expect chemical weapons ) , from what i know but it 's mostly about intent when bombing . 
  but feel free to correct me and show me an article in the treaties that deals with `` indiscriminate weapons '' and how using them constitutes a war crime . 
  if this was the case , then basically all countries would be commiting war crimes , since it 's mostly the usa that only use `` smart bombs '' . 
  and even the us did n't use them in the gulf war , it 's only recently that the us use exclusively those . 
  why is a bunch of bombs falling a proof of war crimes ? 
  it 's a war memorial and burial site of many civilians and soldiers . 
  nothing about it is `` commie '' . 
  and i dont think it has anything to do with the statue of liberty . 
  japan was at war with germany in ww1 and de facto part of the allies/entente . 
  do you really need to use nazi terms ? 
  the russian minority in lithuania is insignificant , unlike in estonia and latvia . 
  then they should n't sign agreements they do n't plan to implement . 
  minsk 2 required almost no action from russia . 
  it required constitutional reform in ukraine however , which was n't done . 
  the concept of `` ever closer union '' was clearly stated in the treaty of rome 1957 and repeated in later eu texts , so you should have known what you are joining . 
  the concept of `` ever closer union '' was clearly stated in the treaty of rome in 1957 . 
  and it was repeated in eu texts ever since , so it should n't come as a surprise to you . 
  i am certainly not worried and welcome this initative . 
  care to provide a source for 50 + civilians a day ? 
  axis refers to the signatories of the tripartite pact , an actual treaty of alliance . 
  they ( japan-germany-italy as well as others ) themselves referred as the axis at that time already . 
  zlo means evil , so zlovenia is a play on words , an evil version of slovenia . 
  slovenia actually declined the invitation to join in the 90ies , when the v4 was being set up . 
  can you link the source of this ? 
  1938 are mostly guesswork , especially for eastern europe since the ussr did n't compute anything for the various republics , and gdp is n't a very good concept for an essentially isolated , planned economies . 
  gdp also as a concept was n't really introduced and computed until post ww2 or even later . 
  gdp was n't really a developed measure in 1938 and not computed . 
  these figures are mostly guesswork . 
  our national anthem is a part taken out of a drinking song . 
  export composition is n't really a problem . 
  if you check australia 's or norway 's , it 's similar to russia . 
  he did n't ally with any slavic nation . 
  croatians were deemed to be goths not slavs according to their fantastic theories . 
  read this for genocide olympics of this type : http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2011/03/10/hitler-vs-stalin-who-killed-more/, 
  if inheritance was part of the issue , then the adoption of children of gay couples was probably legislated by a different law than adoption by hetero couples . 
  adoption implies full and equal rights of the adopted child to a biological child , including of filiation and inheritance and such , which are most important . 
  what was the actual difference then , between a same sex union and actual gay marriage ? 
  just the name ? 
  or were there any rights that were left out in the sex same union ? 
  gay marriage is controversial because it allows gay couples to adopt children on equal terms as a hetero marriage couple , it 's not about fucking . 
  this map is about fucking . 
  he 's actually leftist , unlike the rest . 
   the most likely result of an attack on sweden is an eu nato member comes to it 's defense and declares article 5 on some technicality bringing in the rest of nato . 
  officially though if russia were to take gotland or something nato would have no responsibility to help and the eu does not promise direct military support so sweden could just get screwed over . 
  article 5 is usually understood , that you have to invaded into your territory for it to be triggered ; article 6 clarifies this . 
  i certainly would n't support helping any countries outside of nato , just like they would n't support any countries inside of nato . 
  if you want your cake and eat it too , join nato . 
  i just do n't think its `` barely '' , that was my point . 
  it 's quite alot faster , and if you normalized your graph , you 'd see poland almost tripled in that timeframe , while sweden not even doubled . 
  and relative changes are what 's important eventually if you deal with exponential growth . 
  edit : e.g a graph like this would be more to the point : https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/?g=6cka poland grew 150 % since 1990 , while sweden grew 46 % in the same period . 
  and sweden barely grew since 2008 , while poland keeps on going . 
  asylum seekers do n't count . 
  gdp is about residents , i.e. 
  those that get a residence permit and can work , so thats moot . 
  sweden has alot of legal immigration from the eu . 
  anyway , if its barely for you then ok . 
  i dont consider one year out of the whole time series i posted in which sweden posted a higher growth rate `` barely '' , which is also when sweden rebounded from the 2008-09 slump . 
  and in 3 of those years sweden posted negative growth . 
  the blue line , to me , is clearly and not barely above the red one here : https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/fredgraph.png?g=6ctx, 
  they 're growing faster than sweden , when you factor per capita growth . 
  thats what matters , since their population is stagnating and will probably start decreasing in a few years . 
  sweden population is just growing alot , so it 's easier to post nice growth figures . 
  see eg : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/refreshtableaction.do?tab=table&amp;plugin=1&amp;pcode=tsdec100&amp;language=en edit : change into growth rates , in the unit section, 
  a quick search yields this data : https://data.oecd.org/lprdty/gdp-per-hour-worked.htm if you click `` table '' you find data . 
  it 's base year is 2010 , so its standardized to be 100 per country . 
  uk gdp/hour worked is 100,64 in 2014 , us is even less , at 100,2 . 
  germany is at 103,6 . 
  it 's actually no surprise , uk population grew something short of 10 % in 2007-2015 , while posting mediocre growth . 
  that 's why people should n't be surprised , like they were in some thread here on / r/europe some days ago , when the data showed their real wages declined about 10 % in 2007-2015 period . 
  that 's also why its always misleading when people show gdp declines in japan . 
  obviously it 's declining , because their population is declining , but if you measure per capita or per hour worked , it 's growing fine , and in line with other developed countries . 
  i do n't have the `` annual growth/change '' as an option in the measure section , and the gdp is in pps, 
  they are n't . 
  uk/us data is skewed because their population grows by 1 % or so a year . 
  when you compare per capita growth , or per hour worked , it 's more or less the same . 
  it 's just finland , baltics and poland that should be in the belt, 
  slovenia is n't russia . 
   advocate changing of the borders by violence . 
  he 's asking for a plebiscite , not violence . 
  go buy some reading comprehension, 
  germany ca n't have more than 370k troops by treaty . 
  wheres the studies or even a summary of them ? 
  the clip does n't have anything to do with the title . 
  http://www.worldeconomics.com/data/madisonhistoricalgdp/madison%20historical%20gdp%20data.efp data collected by a very famous economic historian . 
   also , consumers do n't work that way . 
  big companies maybe , or banks , but the average consumer is not going to say ` ill buy this bread tomorrow when it 's 1c cheaper ' or wo n't fill up his empty tank today because it might be cheaper tomorrow . 
  i never said consumers delay consumption or whatever . 
  only that you can save , or rather get a positive return merely by keeping your savings in cash . 
  which you ca n't do if there 's inflation and people have to circulate/invest the money if they want a positive return . 
  not really , if you admit that qe does anything to inflation , then you can do more to inflation by doing more qe . 
  they can hire some advisors from mugabe 's zimbabwe if they 're having trouble engineering inflation . 
  the failure of the ecb was mainly done in 2011 when they started raising interest rates , and began qe 7 years after the fed and boe . 
  they are n't . 
  it 's a failure of monetary policy by the ecb . 
  the problem is that you can save by hoarding cash when there is deflation . 
  that is , you have a positive return on cash , equaling the level of deflation . 
  in an inflationary environment , you save by depositing the cash in a bank or something similiar . 
  which means you save by investing in the real economy , since you help the bank with lending with your deposit .
