  in any case , these projections always turn out to be off the mark . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_germany https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_italy, 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  yields on debt were too high and debt would have been on an explosive path . 
  it 's the same as with greece , even if syriza promised to end austerity , it simply can not do so due to fiscal/monetary constraints . 
  had omt and qe been there earlier most of the pain in spain and on the periphery could have been lessened . 
  : http://www.voxeu.org/article/revisiting-pain-spain, 
  you had no choice but to chose austerity . 
  it is the design of the eurozone that is at fault . 
  and the ecb contributed alot to it . 
  the fed lowered the interest rate below 1 % in 2008 , boe in 2009 , while the ecb waited until 2012 . 
  ecb even raised interest rates in 2011 . 
  if the ecb had it 's omt programme ( lending to governments ) already in place in 2010 or so , instead of at the height of the sovereign crisis , it would have been avoided . 
  germany attempted to block the program and declare it illegal , for example . 
  the double dip recession in the eurozone could have been avoided . 
  the ecb delayed quantitative easing until 2015 , the fed did it in 2008 . 
  in this environment any eurozone nation in fiscal stress has to resort to austerity . 
  it 's the neccessary option and not a choice . 
  anyway , it 's not unreasonable to put some blame on germany . 
  i just explained how you go into a short position on roubles  . 
  this is how everyone does it , how soros went short on the pound in 1992 etc. 
  get a loan in roubles , exchange them for another currency and you are done . 
  invasion of iraq included ground forces , like 200.000 us soldiers . 
  retraining the iraqi army and so on . 
  i do n't think the russian intervention with airstrikes is comparable at all . 
  if by slightly you mean like 60 % poorer then ok , that 's slightly . 
  it was n't mentioned because it 's not in europe and it 's not even a member of the council of europe for example , while other countries are . 
  in the past morocco applied , but was rejected due to geographic location . 
  turkey is only slightly better than bulgaria . 
  rest of post-soviet states are ahead economically . 
  rising price levels imply 2 periods or more . 
  ppp is a static comparison between two countries adjusting for their current price levels and current exchange rate . 
  you still need to deflate and keep prices constant to compare ppp gdp between different periods . 
  it has it 's problems . 
  if you really want to get into it , see : www.oecd.org/std/na/1960906.doc, 
  ppp does n't do anything as far as inflation . 
  it adjusts for price levels and exchange rates . 
  when 70 % of your exports is oil and gas , you can be pretty sure you 're dutch diseased . 
  i think it 's actually the other way around . 
  popularity among old folks that lived in those times . 
  they are nostalgic about the past when they were young and so on . 
  it 's similar here with tito . 
  that 2015 number is a prediction as well btw . 
  gdp data gets revised after the fact alot of times , and it is n't know well into the year after . 
  you can see this in your link , even 2014 is shaded as a prediction . 
  a better source for data is your statistical office or [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tec00001&amp;plugin=1 ) . 
  it was part of larger movement in architecture called [ brutalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brutalist_architecture ) , it was used in the west as well . 
  at the time they thought they were being modern . 
  eastern europe is most times not used in the geographic sense ; but to refer to ex-commie countries . 
  it 's a fair use as well , since theres still quite a divide between east and west , even inside germany . 
  [ double irish with a dutch sandwich ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_irish_arrangement ), 
  it is sort of improper to compare gdp when comparing ireland with other european countries . 
  gnp is a better measure , since it only includes irish citizens . 
  gdp skews the number because it includes all the multinational companies that are stationed there and their profits , which then are usually funneled elsewhere . 
  it 's still very impressive anyway , especially from where they started a couple decades ago . 
  children are in the short supply . 
  people wanting to adopt children are many . 
  there are no orphanages anymore . 
  so yes , they are robbing , if they 'd get to adopt equally . 
  yes . 
  that what the campaign leading to the vote basically focused on . 
  and it is what supporters of the no vote exploited most , that children 's right to a mother and father would be violated . 
  you can control for those factors , by say , restricting children of parents where parenthood was planned or not etc. 
  that is what i mean that it 's a reputable study . 
  i am not sold that it 's `` well established '' that children of gay couples are n't disadvantaged . 
  in any case such evidence is needed , since social workers need to award adoption cases , i hope , based on some sort of evidence . 
  similar as to why kids are usually given to the mother in divorce cases . 
  slovenia is a rural country , moreso than serbia and croatia . 
  so this does n't surprise me . 
  i 'd actually like to see some solid scientific evidence on this . 
  link ? 
  not some third rate studies in third rate journals sponsored by some advocacy group or think tank . 
  `` old pricks '' ca n't marry or what ? 
  they appealed to the top court , and it decided that a popular vote on this is legitimate . 
  because it is actually about children , children adoption . 
  they already have all other rights equalized in the civil union law . 
  i believe it replaces the civil union law , which gay couples used , with the marriage law . 
  the marriage law stipulated that a couple is between man and woman . 
  under the new law marriage is defined as between two persons . 
  so yes , it includes adoption , it completely equalizes the status of gay marriage , since it will come from the same law . 
  uk has n't reached the level of 2007 . 
  or rather , if it has , it has reached it in this year , 2015 . 
  germany , for example , reached it in 2010 . 
  while i agree that monetary policy was awful in the eurozone , it 's not the whole story , and qe is far from manna from heaven . 
  governments do n't build houses . 
  that 's left to the market . 
  maybe some government build some social housing for poor people , but otherwise the vast majority of housing is provided by the private sector in any functioning market economy . 
  it is money printing , but it is misleading to think of it as a money-printing gift-giving . 
  the ecb buys a security with the money it prints . 
  say it prints 1000 euro for a government bond that will yield 1000 euro plus interest in a year . 
  the economy has in total 1000 euro more money circulating . 
  but the ecb will receive the money it printed back in a year plus interest rendering the operation null . 
  the profit in terms of interest is then disbursed to governments in the ez . 
  injecting liquidity is a more proper way to think of it . 
  central banks do n't give credit directly to government treasury 's anymore . 
  it 's forbidden by law . 
  they used to do it in the past , but it was sort of abused - think of the inflation period in the early 80ies . 
   a f16 easily wipes out a russian plane an su-24 is a bomber , i do n't think its meant to have a dogfight or whatever with a fighter craft . 
  i think some countries have n't yet published q3 figures,
