  i think it 's snapchat censoring itself exclusively in crimea , as i could send dickpics anywhere else in russia . 
  you do n't have to hide that , iranian government does n't discriminate against transgender people . 
  also , iran carries out more sex change operations than any other country in the world , except for thailand . 
  could hezbollah be qualified as a terrorist organization , though ? 
  yes , their ideologies are bad , but they very rarely commit terrorist attacks ( and only their militant wing does ) and do not usually operate outside lebanon . 
  i 'm not saying that iran 's government is good , it 's restrictive , harsh and bad , but way less than other middle eastern countries ' governments . 
  and yes , [ we do know that saudi arabia actively supports certain terrorist groups ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/us-embassy-cables-documents/220186 ) , namely taliban , al-qaeda and lashkar-e-taiba , and is said to support isis too , but that remains unconfirmed . 
  go ahead , i had a great time there . 
  well , if you 're unable to not be open about being gay for a few weeks , then yes , i would advise against going to iran . 
  uhhh , no it does n't ? 
  please elaborate on this . 
  i went to nagorno-karabakh and was fine . 
  stuff like this does n't happen very often in the area , but yeah , it 's probably not a place to be marked green , but it 's not a no-go zone either . 
  not only scenery , but also architecture , culture , food and the people . 
  guess that does n't change much , but fine , it 's you who 's missing out . 
  also , saudi arabia does way worse shit when it comes to human rights ( and yes , they hang gay people too ) , and moreover , they ( whether passively or actively ) support terrorism . 
  yet for some reason , saudi arabia is yellow , while iran is orange . 
  oh yeah , i know why . 
  because for some fucking reason , saudi arabia is our ally , and we get that sweet sweet oil from them , so it does n't fucking matter if they kill people , because we 're friends , right ? 
  yes , it includes not being publicly gay for the time of your stay . 
  the country itself is beautiful , but tell that to people whose only knowledge about iran is that they hang gay people there . 
  being kidnapped in iran is just as unlikely as it is in spain , though . 
  what i 'm trying to point out is that iran is not a hateful , terrorist country as many people believe it is . 
  there are virtually no terrorist groups operating there ( except for baluchistan , maybe ) and the country is much safer than a westerner would expect . 
  this has turned into a `` they hang gays there '' circlejerk . 
  yes , the government is harsh . 
  iran is by no means as socially liberal as the western world . 
  i said this and will say it again : just obey the local laws ( even though they might seem ridiculous ) and you 're gon na have a great time . 
  and yes , that includes not being publicly gay for the time of your stay . 
  just because they 're government is shit ( but still way less shit than saudi arabian , for example ) , it does n't mean that the country and the people are as well . 
  true that . 
  i had to use a vpn to send a dickpic on snapchat when i was in crimea . 
  have you been there ? 
  do you actually have any experience with iran yourself ? 
  the government is harsh but it dors n't represent the attitude and position of the people . 
  if you follow the local laws ( even though some of them might seem ridiculous ) , you 're in for a wonderful time . 
  the government is very harsh , yes , and being openly gay in iran is not a good idea , but speaking as a person who has been there , the people are not at all like that , and most of them are n't very supportive of the government and its stances . 
  if you obey and respect the local laws ( no matter how senseless they might seem ) , you 'll be safe and have a great time . 
  also , as / u/xnicolex has already pointed out , saudi arabia is in many ways way worse , yet the west refuses to give a shit , because they 're ( for whatever fucking reason ) nato 's and the us ' ally . 
  also , why is crimea and transnistria light red and abkhazia , south ossetia and nagorno-karabakh dark red ? 
  i 'm by no means a fan of russian foreign policy and i understand why france ( and most of the western world ) does n't support it either , but i do n't understand why would they mark completely safe areas as no-go zones . 
  i 've been to all the previously mentioned places , and i felt reasonably safe in all of them and had a great time too . 
  north korea is objectively the safest country on the planet to travel to . 
  they only allow tourists in in organized tours , and they are usually accompanied by a soldier . 
  also , the country has some of the strictest laws in the world if anyone attempts to rob , hurt etc. 
  a tourist , they will most likely be arrested and executed/sent to a concentration camp . 
  the anti-iran vibe in western world is pissing the fuck out of me . 
  it 's a very safe country , with a rich history , beautiful cities and nature , welcoming , warm people and most importantly , amazing food . 
  yet the western world portrays them as some kind of a die-hard anti-western shithole , where people get kidnapped and killed upon arrival , just because it fits their interests . 
  i 'm sorry , it was the only one i could find in english . 
  shia islam is very uncommon in europe , much less than sunni islam . 
  shia islam is closely assosiated with persian ( iranian ) culture , and so is azerbaijan , and as far as i know , iran is not european . 
  yes , i am implying that azerbaijan is not european , partly because of being a shia muslim majority country , partly because of its geographical location , and partly of its culture , which is very similar to persian . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's worse then european countries , just different . 
  armenia and georgia are culturally much closer to europe than to asia . 
  therefore , they are european . 
  azerbaijan is a shia-muslim country , and is closer to iran than to anything else . 
  comparing armenia and georgia to tunisia is a fucking joke . 
  [ there you go ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cuj5o/greek_crisis_athens_delivers_proposal_gregathread/csz3ey7 ), 
  when does the voting start ? 
  haha , suck it / u/marianomonamour , i won . 
  no , but i thought that in this particular situation , which is crucial for the future of greece and the whole eu , bbc or a similar news outlet might do a special stream of the meeting , or at least provide english text transcripts and summaries . 
  the meeting itself is available [ here ] ( https://parltv.live.grnet.gr/webtv/ ) , in case there 's anyone who speaks greek . 
  are there any live streams of the greek parliament meeting with english subtitles/voiceover ? 
  not to me at least . 
  hey guys , i 've been out of town for the past 2 days . 
  could anyone give me a quick summary of the negotiations so far ? 
  thanks !, 
  we got the same system in czech , and yeah , even though i 'm a native speaker , i sometimes mess this up too . 
  i expected that to be the remove kebab song for some reason . 
  honestly , this is the better option . 
  while i 'm very pro-eu and pro-euro , greek 's situation is unsustainable and grexit is probably the only solution . 
  even though it 's gon na make the greek economy even weaker for a certain time , they will at the same time gain financial independency and have a chance to rebuild the economy by themselves . 
  the loans obviously did n't work . 
  they have n't improved greece 's situation in the slightest ( they actually made it even worse ) and only delayed what eventually had to come . 
  while grexit is a radical measure , it 's the best option for both the eu and greece in the long run . 
  is there any real chance that yes will flip the results over and win ? 
  hey , does anyone have a cnn live stream ? 
  i 'd like to watch it on tv but my little sister is watching some shitty-ass cartoon and wo n't let me change the channel . 
  i really like how syriza thinks the eu and the imf will come begging on their knees with a new deal in case of a no outcome . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  does n't surprise me in the slightest . 
  those were accidents , though . 
  your travel tips are pretty shitty . 
  good . 
  looking forward to visiting :-), 
  that username though . 
  i should what ? 
  two words . 
  fuck you . 
  i 'm going to albania later this month and wanted to spend a few days in the mountains . 
  should i take any precautionary measures or should i just write this off as a rare occurence ? 
  well yeah dude , i mean i even let her in the shower and shit . 
  edit : oops , wrong thread . 
  honestly , stropnicky has little to no political experience ( and neither does most of ano ) , and while he 's a respected author and actor , him being the minister of defense is a joke . 
  while i agree with what you said regarding russia , stropnicky and the whole ano are not any better . 
  ano is lead by an extremely affluemt bussinessman ( andrej babis for those who dont know ) , who also owns most of the czech news outlets ( the whole mafra group ) , and thus is able to control what they write about him and the party . 
  also , ano has basically no goals and programe , and their only agenda are huge-ass billboards with shitty generic slogans ( ano , bude l\u00cdp ! ), 
  and babis ' stupid fucking face . 
  the attack is a terrible thing , but stropnicky is by no means a popular domestic politic figure .
