  why not georgia ? 
  we have this letter in czech and it 's pronounced ee . 
  i approve of this map . 
  not at all . 
  the mostoles one looks pretty good , actually . 
  clean , modern and minimalistic . 
  i 've always been interested in the middle east and north afric , and that has n't changed . 
  in fact , the more dangerous , inaccessible and obscure a place is , the more i want to go there . 
  going to iran next month . 
  iran is pretty safe an normal in this sense , but it 's an extremely interesting country nevertheless . 
  66,400 koruna is a solid upper-middle class salary here in czech republic . 
  care to elaborate on who exactly are the bad guys ? 
  i thought edi rama and his government were pretty popular . 
  you have to pay a price for a good kebab . 
  why is rouhani so unpopular ? 
  he 's the best possible person for the job :-(, 
  god i hate the first song so much . 
  anyone from ko\u0161ice wan na jump in ? 
  the 25 euro a bag lays chips did it for me . 
  the new terminals are pretty ok but if you happen to fly from/to terminal f , you 're in for a bad time . 
  i remember you too !, 
  are you still playing ? 
  i 'm planning on joining again after the next reset comes . 
  the game has progressed way too far now for me to rejoin and be able to comprehend the in-game situation . 
  amazing :-) i visited sakartvelo in april and was absolutely amazed by how beautiful , safe and friendly your country is . 
  i 'm really happy for you guys :-), 
  am i weird for being way more interested in living in the least popular countries on the list than in countries like norway or the uk ? 
  albania takes my vote , would have picked georgia if it was in included on the list . 
  a racist nationalistic far-right political board on 4chan . 
  i know . 
  i post on / pol / too , i just disagree with the majority of the people there . 
  why should n't i ? 
  they make fun of reddit all the time . 
  awesome , i 'm really happy right now :-) / pol / is losing their fucking minds , it 's hilarious . 
  awesome , i 'm really happy right now :-) / pol / is losing their fucking minds , it 's hilarious . 
  group d wants a word, 
  needs some borjomi . 
  the worst idea i 've heard in a long time . 
  they have some fucking tasty kebab there though . 
  hopefully it wo n't . 
  same . 
  no he 's not . 
  he would be considered a center-left candidate in most of europe . 
  what the fuck ? 
  they likely have friends and families living in poland , and as polish citizens , the pollitical situation in poland affects them , no matter where they live . 
  not all people want to spend their lives living in one place . 
  i would probably go insane if i had to . 
  but i 'm a czech citizen , and as such , i should be able to have a say in our politics . 
  nowoczesna and korwin are not close at all . 
  . nowoczesna is socially liberal and pro-european , while korwin is very conservative and euro-sceptical . 
  they might have some similarities in their economical policies but when you look at the bigger picture , they 're very different . 
  it 's the same with razem as well . 
  they got 3,9 % in the exit poll . 
  why is everyone acting like the counting is over ? 
  the data available only comes from exit polls as far as i know , and it 's likely not 100 % accurate . 
  i sure would n't mind some new kebab joints . 
  i think that the polish authorities have better stuff to do than persecuting people for discussing the elections on reddit . 
  i 'm going to be available all day . 
  i 'm a huge politics junkie and i 've worked on a couple live threads before , so i think that i could make a valuable contribution . 
  count me in !, 
  bernie is a liberal democratic socialist . 
  marine le pen is a right-wing ( if not far-right ) nationalist conservative . 
  how can these two people be very similar ? 
   very similar to bernie sanders top kek . 
  aside from the things you 've listed , they 're the exact opposite of each other . 
  i 'm rooting for anyone who is n't korwin or law and justice , but together seems to be the best option out there , kinda like a polish version of bernie sanders . 
  hopefully not . 
  the widespread sense of self-entitlement and superiority ( aka czech people being czech people ) . 
   better than the others he was literally the worst possible option from the 9 people that made it to the first round ( okamura was probably even worse , but novody voted for that ridiculouse racist piece of shit anyway ) . 
   lucky choice top kek . 
  i 'm not one of them . 
  sadly , yeah . 
  in terms of foreign cultures , czech people tend to be uneducated and xenophobic . 
  we too did recognize the independence of kosovo . 
  imho it was the right thing to do . 
  the royal family is a bunch of fucking assholes , but saudi arabia itself is a pretty interesting country . 
  it 's not a shithole , it 's just that the royal family is a bunch of fucking assholes . 
  i 've been there this summer and it was amazing . 
  also the dokufilm festival in prizren , that 's where the hipsters are at . 
  i wish we had more socially progressive , pro-eu left-wing parties here . 
  because [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eqja8ahac ), 
  threads like this make me wish i was serbian . 
   czechia could this meme just die , please ? 
  i hope vdb wins , i 'm getting sick of populist anti-immigration politicians without a real ideology . 
  any links to live results ? 
  btw , does the jury vote based on their own consensus or the popular vote ? 
  this is the first non-generic bullshit song . 
  i like it . 
  is this a contest of what song is the least shit/generic ? 
  i like this a lot . 
  we 're three songs in , wait it out . 
  most of the songs are usually generic and boring . 
  this is so painfully tacky and obscure yet so fun . 
  is there going to be a discussion megathread like the one last year ? 
  is this the megathread ? 
  also , some visa waiver program eligible eu citizens ( including myself ) were recently excluded for having visited certain countries in the mena region ( but of course , saudi arabia is not one of them , what a fucking joke ) in the past 5 years . 
  please post other cities than those in your home country , in order to make it more interesting . 
  it 's 2-5am where we live ... 
  i was just wondering for what reason are you guys still not in bed . 
  i know that the terms first/second/third world country were being used during the cold war to describe affiliation with either the us or the soviet union , but nowadays these terms are being used to describe the overall development and advancement of the country .
