idk guys , do we have a word like that ? 
  despite the popular belief , there 's not a isis-built muslim cloning machine in the middle east , and the civil war in syria and iraq will likely come to a conclusion within the next few years . 
  also , we 're a part of the nato , and as you sure know , the nato has clusterfucked the whole region in the past , and the civil war , alongside with the refugee crisis , is a logical consequence of its ' actions in the past few decades . 
  that pretty much doubles our responsibility . 
  well that 's a great idea . 
  / s i hope you do n't mind kissing russia 's ass , because that 's all our countries could do after leaving the eu . 
   mandatory islamization strings attached a few thousand muslim refugees = islamization strings ? 
  alrighty then . 
  also , both czech republic and slovakia would be in a lot worse cindition without financial help from the eu . 
  so i guess it 's ok to have the eu send us a shitton of money to improve our infrastructure etc. , but having responsibilities is n't . 
  i 've been to georgia this year , and what i 've noticed is that some georgians have problems telling the difference between verbs and adjective , in some cases . 
  i 've had a georgian girl ask me '' are you boring ? 
  '' , for example . 
  not sure if this helps , but it 's just a little something i 've noticed while staying there . 
  do you live in georgia or do you just have some georgian students , if i may ask ? 
  agreed . 
  i 'll hopefully be already living abroad by 2017 , so it wo n't affect me that much . 
  we do . 
  rooting for to potami in this one . 
  i 'd say berlin , but then again , i have a man bun , wear urban outfitters clothes , find new music on pitchfork and do crossfit , so me using the word hipster in a negative manner is a joke . 
  uh , no they wo n't . 
  i have a female friend who 's been there as a solo traveler , and had no problems whatsoever . 
  there would likely be peace in the middle east , if the nato had n't fucked the whole region up . 
  iran is peaceful now , however . 
  yes , the government is a bunch of assholes , but at least it 's a relatively safe , stable country . 
  i 've been there earlier this year and absolutely loved it , and i 'm coming back in february . 
  ok , '' the vast majority '' is probably a better expression . 
  yes , islamic terrorism is a problem , but alienating the normal muslims who are just trying to go on with their lives as usual is pointless . 
  yes , let 's crack down on terrorism hard , let 's deport or imprison anyone who declares support for isis etc. , but leave the normal muslims alone , they did n't do anything wrong . 
  oh , ok , i wo n't bother responding to that . 
  so it 's okay when innocent people die in wars they did n't cause ? 
  there are a lot of things causing this , ( namely assad 's brutal regime or nato 's imperialistic pursuits ) , islamic terrorism is only a part of it . 
  and again , islam \u2260 terrorism . 
  the vast majority of muslims hate isis or al qaeda just as much as we do . 
  you do . 
  everybody should have the right to have a decent life , irregardless of their skin color , religion or country of origin . 
  ah , yeah , because fuck freedom of movement , right ? 
  ah , czech republic is at it again . 
  then he should have used wahhabism instead of islam . 
  i have n't , but i 've visited georgia and armenia , and i 'm actually planning on visiting azerbaijan as well . 
  and yes , i certainly would n't mind living in azerbaijan, 
  i would n't mind living in any european country , as they 're all safe , beautiful and generally very interesting . 
  i do n't , but i will subscribe for the laughs . 
  we all have a hateboner for russia . 
  i still do n't think that becoming one country would be a good idea though . 
  everything regarding money is a symbol for corruption in czech republic , sadly . 
  romania ( just like czech republic ) has gone a long way since it got admitted to the eu . 
  for years , our countries have both received huge grants in order to improve , infrastructure , tourism , you name it ... and now , when we finally have to face some of the responsibilities that being members of the eu include , we chicken out . 
  i hate this mentality . 
  and my answer would still be slovenia , as it 's a developed first-world country with a very stable economy that still continues to grow . 
  implying that syria is made of desert . 
  i do n't like that guy , but i fully agree with this . 
  pretty sure that dylann roof killed 9 people in a terrorist attack . 
  there should be less pilsner urquell and more craft beer around here . 
  we usually refer to beer as `` chc\u00e1nky '' in czech republic nowadays . 
  have you ever had anyone trying to steal your equipment ? 
  they 're bullshit . 
  megathreads only make sense while discussing current events ( elections , terrorist attacks , eurovision etc. 
  ) , not extremely complex ongoing issues like immigration . 
  it 's weird . 
  even though it 's not a beer country ( georgian wine ftw ) and the wages there are among the lowest in europe ( average is around 300 $ per month i think ) , a beer would still have to cost a little under 10 $ if this was true . 
  i was there a few months ago , and the average price for a beer was around .75 cents to 1 $ for a pint . 
   75 kg  pretty fucking masaive ever seen op 's mom ? 
  my second most favorite european party after neos . 
  why would you vote for block against islam though ? 
  their ideology is literally '' a fifth of the world 's population is dangerous only because they share a religion we do n't know shit about , so let 's prohibit the said religion so that we can collectively say fuck you to human rights and the western world . '', 
  i 'd go with die partei . 
  you 're brave . 
  not a green nut . 
  i 'd prefer to vote for a social liberal party whose main agenda is social liberalism , but we unfortunately do n't have those here , so greens are pretty much the only alternative . 
  might be an unpopular opinion , but i 'd vote for strana zelen\u00fdch ( green party ) . 
  while some of their views are borderline utopic , they 're very pro-eu and socially liberal , which is exactly what czech republic needs at the moment ( imo ) . 
  good . 
  blesk readers are the only kind of people who would want to listen to his shit . 
  pomn\u011bnka literally translates to '' remember '' ( as if remember was a noun ), 
  cesky krumlov is nice , but it 's touristy as fuck . 
  olomouc on the other hand !, 
  i do need res for this probably ( i recall doing the same on my computer ) , but i 'm on my phone right now . 
  i 'll just add a link to / u/crnaruka 's comment to the post , that 's the most i can do right now . 
  i love to bitch on it , which is universally regarded as a sign of unconditional love here . 
  not an icelander , but i 've had shark before . 
  it 's kinda chewy , but at the same time very juicy . 
  the taste similar to tuna , but with a different texture . 
  thank you very much !, 
  any idea how to copy it including the formatting ? 
  i saw them live at colors of ostrava a few years ago !, 
  i agree with the points that you made , but georgia and armenia are two distinctive countries iwth distinctive languages and history , just like netherlands and belgium , serbia and kosovo ( i could understand grouping serbia together with montenegro , but certainly not kosovo . 
  kosovo is way closer to albania than any other country , and is serbia 's archenemy ) , macedonia and greece and austria and switzerland . 
  making the series a bit longer surely would n't hurt and i 'm sure it would make for a better discussion if the mentioned countries were separated . 
  oh , because the ira is a militant islamic organization , right ? 
  yet i can send them on messenger , for example . 
  also , there were no troops whatsoever . 
  well done , i believed you were for real . 
  i just got trolled big-time . 
  it 's not a desert nation ( there 's also lakes , mountains , forests and other stuff ) and most importantly , iranians are not arabian , they 're persian . 
  speaking as a person who 's been there and is visiting next february , it 's a safe country . 
  maybe check your info before you write shit like that the next time ? 
  why would russia block it ? 
  russia could n't care less about snapchat , and from my own experience , it works in mainland russia . 
  it 's probably a part of the sanctions against crimea , i did n't think they could get as obscure as preventing snapchat from working there , but apparently they can .
