  or maybe he is , but that would n't make any sense . 
  thanks !, 
  which option do you think is better for the greeks , and what option is better for the rest of the eu ? 
  too bad that the mainstream media outlets will never publish a study like this one , all they want the people to see concerning muslims is terrorist attacks . 
  do you actually believe this , slovakbro ? 
  nah , gay marriage refers to both men and women . 
  my point was that while women and men can not enter same-sex marriage , they can enter regular marriage , which is an attack against gender equality . 
  opposing gay marriage is discriminating same-gender couples . 
  he 's a dick . 
  * why do you write comments in both french and english ? 
  what number were they ? 
  wan na vote for them too but forgot their number . 
  my top 3 : 1 . 
  armenia 2 . 
  norway 3 . 
  norway 's gon na win . 
  calling it now . 
  she 's got a pretty thick accent . 
  this is one of the best so far . 
  too bad that azerbaijan will never get enough votes even if they were by far the best . 
  my most favorite country aside from my own . 
  her slightly uneven nose is bothering me . 
  this wannabe shakira thing was pretty boring . 
  obviously , romanian does n't sound like russian . 
  i have written the comment badly . 
  i was reffering to the guy 's accent . 
  too bad they pulled out . 
  hey sorry , i was just reffering to the guys accent . 
  i 've been to romania and love the country , i have just expressed my observation , no need to be rude . 
  sounds suspiciously like russian, 
  it 's kinda boring when the performer is n't jumping around doing crazy shit , you know, 
  dat booty doe . 
  i was just teasing because you expressed sympathy for both georgia and azerbaijan , but not for armenia , for uh ... some reason . 
  how many countries so far ? 
  hey , i just came home . 
  could anybody please tell me what has happened so far ? 
  slovenia has legalized same-sex marriage a few years back . 
  that 's mainly because the vat majirity of countries wo n't provide their citizens assistance while in crimea ( travel insurance works as usual , though ) . 
  crimea is also depicted so badly because of the sanctions , and the general anti-russian sentiment . 
  i 've been there , had a `` hands on '' experience and can assure you that crimea is safe to travel , even these days . 
  anything in the czech part of silesia besides ostrava and tesin . 
  the region is a poor , dirty shithole . 
  what about balaton , gy\u00f6r , szeged etc. 
  nah , not really . 
  przemy\u015bl , zamo\u015b\u0107 , lublin and bialystok are all very nice cities that i enjoyed visiting . 
  eastern poland might be poorer than western poland , but it 's by no means a place to avoid . 
  safe . 
  i 've been there for 2 weeks a month ago , traveled through the whole peninsula and have n't encountered any violence or danger at all . 
  georgia, 
  it 's a eu4 reference . 
  you can legally work there as a eu citizen . 
  any place to watch the results live in english ? 
  i feel terrible for laughing at this . 
   only plausible reason for this would be better national hockey team . 
  ftfy, 
  i agree , and most of the subreddit probably agrees too . 
  however , most czechs are ignorant fucks , they probably do n't know georgia at all or think it 's some terrorism-ridden middle eastern country . 
  czech beer sucks . 
  georgia and armenia are european . 
  the most interesting country in europe is georgia . 
  ireland is incredibly overrated ( and so is iceland ) . 
  the vast majority of gypsies ( in cz ) are dumb thieves and criminals . 
  muslims and immigration are by no means dangerous to europe . 
  eastern europe is much more interesting for a traveler than western europe . 
  unlike your flag . 
  outside of the donbass , ukraine is completely safe to visit . 
  he took one of the world 's most advanced economies and crushed it in pieces . 
   arabia where is that ? 
  this is retarted and would really fuck up our economy . 
  again , western europe is more of an economical term nowadays . 
  see , finland is considered a western european country , while slovakia ( for example ) is not . 
  finland is located east of poland . 
  sounds fair . 
  we used to be very close with germany and austria ( not talking about hitler ) before the commies took over . 
  yeah , prague and the over 100000 ( brno , plzen , budejovice , olomouc , liberec , ostrava maybe ) cities are mostly western looking . 
  haha , what do you mean ? 
  edit : i read that as poem , lol . 
  our porn is the best . 
  what 's up with bhutan ? 
  tripe soup is the shit , it 's comforting , greasy , juicy and satisfying , even though it makes you feel bad . 
  it 's the eastern european equivalent of taco bell . 
  kyselo is delicious actually . 
  yes , many gypsies in europe are uneducated jobless thieves living on welfare . 
  then again , i do n't judge people based on their skin color , i would n't mind having a ( behaved ) gypsy family for neighbors , i have friends with gypsy background ( who more or less agree with this ) , but the fact is that most gypsies you see on the street are loud , mean assholes . 
  it 's them who have to change , there is already a plenty of programs dedicated to helping gypsies become productive members of the society . 
  you could say they are positively discriminated . 
  can i registrate later ( like a week or two before the meeting ) ? 
  i ca n't really plan anything in advance at the moment , and i might not have time to attend . 
  i just do n't know if i 'll be able to go yet . 
  what big announcement are you talking about ? 
  eu4 leaking again . 
  jagala waterfall is nothing special , i 'd stick with tallinn instead . 
   poland or scotland ftfy, 
   ready to be annexed by russia switzerland ? 
  compared to gori , yeah . 
  fair enough . 
  where was the last picture taken ? 
  berlin is super cool , but so is prague and you might as well be bored after 4 consecutive days there . 
  2 days in berlin and 2 days in prague works better imo . 
  i would reduce cut 2 days off from berlin and go to prague instead .
