  marseille rocks !, 
  it 's nowhere near as dangerous as people think , except for some suburbs . 
  there 's a lot of cool architecture and street art . 
  some people think it is , some people think it 's not . 
  nordic countries was the right expression to use . 
  we have a grammar nazi right there . 
  there are definitely more slovaks than ukrainians in czech republic . 
  edit : spelling, 
  that 's pretty common in scandinavian countries , actually . 
  i 've expected people from scandinavian countries to be cold and reluctant . 
  most of those i met were kind and outgoing . 
  check out the poll at the bottom of the article !, 
  that sounds cool actually . 
  i do n't think so , but that 's just like like , my opinion , man . 
  really ? 
  i 've been to craiova and had a good time . 
  '' czechia '' is rarely used . 
  i do n't know , but '' czechia '' it 's rarely used in english nowadays . 
  it sounds corny imo . 
  hav\u00ed\u0159ov or basically anything in the area besides ostrava . 
  it 's a poor city build in mid 20th century in order to accommodate coal mine workers . 
  it 's dirty , ugly and somewhat dangerous . 
  moldova can not into sea . 
  can confirm , the way english is taught in czech school sucks . 
  if it was n't for the internet , i would n't be able to hold a conversation either . 
   czechia that hurt . 
  of course not , but romas make up only about 1.5 percent of the romanian population . 
  also , romani people are of indian origin , they have nothing in common with romanians . 
  that 's higher than i thought , assuming it 's in dollars . 
  check out the comments if you want to see a racist shitstorm . 
  i do n't know , all of them are pretty sympathetic . 
  i 'm going to visit them all in the summer , and will decide later ,, 
  what do those numbers mean ? 
  the romanians hate is a clear proof that many czech people are ignorant fucks who ca n't tell a difference between a romanian and a gypsy . 
  what bad has a romanian ever done to a czech ? 
   wankered found the brit . 
  cockta is also great !, 
  that 's a cool idea . 
  i 'd love to see this being made into a subreddit or at least a thread !, 
  it does . 
  however , it 's in slovenia , not slovakia . 
  hey there buddy . 
  fuck , i really should start playing again . 
  i always seem to fuck it up big time ( e.g. 
  czechoslovakia and saudi arabia ) though . 
  are those numbers just exit polls or 52 % of precincts reporting in ? 
  i keep seeing that number on the livestrem here : http://tv.orf.at/highlights/video/index.html#/episode/12509012 but do n't speak german , so i do n't know what it means . 
  found on / pol / : serbian progressive party - leader of previous ruling coalition . 
  has an omnipotent pm leader that 's verging on being a tyrant , but still manages to uphold a `` pro-eu and reconciliation '' image through proper pr . 
  the party is ex-nationalists in a thing pro-western disguise . 
  democratic party - serious contender . 
  pro-eu , somewhat liberal , has some decent politicians , has corrupt bastards . 
  socialist party of serbia - coalition partner of sns . 
  political successors of slobodan milosevic . 
  corrupt as shit and were a good partner to sns , but they might get kicked out from future coalitions . 
  dss/dveri - new-age right wingers trying to appear modern , but are fairly backwards and incompetent . 
  have some support among the unsatisfied youth , might get over the 5 % threshold because they have a somewhat new lineup and people are fed up with everything else . 
  anti-eu . 
  serbian radical party - seselj . 
  will likely go above threshold . 
  my personal theory is that they cooperate with sns secretly . 
  there is a lot of evidence for this , but i will not go into it . 
  dosta je bilo ( we had enough ) - relatively new party lobbying for transparency and ridding the system of corruption . 
  has a lot of support among young voters , and others looking for a new face . 
  might make it over the threshold , which will be considered a big victory . 
  just stick your tongue out so that it 's touching your teeth and then attempt to say either f or d, 
  most people on here are from neither austria or serbia , and those who are can focus exclusively on those parts of the thread that are relevant to them . 
  i think most people on / r/europe are interested in both elections , hence i think it 's better to include both of them in a single megathread , as opposed to 2 smaller threads that could very well get buried under other threads on their own . 
  in that case it would n't even make sense to make a separate serbia thread because it would n't get any attention anyway ? 
  imho the serbian elections are more important for europe as a whole , because they will affect whether serbia will lean towards eu membership or a closer cooperation with russia . 
  i think it 's better this way . 
  two separate threads would each get less attention and could potentially get buried . 
  having a single megathread allows for more discussion . 
  thanks !, 
  mind if i update the original post with the write-up you provided later ? 
  are you trying to tell me that there are n't any cool singlespeed fixies in germany ? 
  bikes with brakes are obsolete . 
  moravian separatism is a meme , nobody would give a fuck . 
  bohemia is a far superior name to czechia . 
  can this idiot just go away ? 
  how is his opinion even relevant ? 
  he 's the reason why isis is a thing in the first place . 
  how come is this not included , then ? 
  there were terrorist attacks in czech republic ? 
  name one . 
  i 'm as anti-israel as it gets but this is just plain disrespectful . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  that 's not what the button is for . 
  apparently disliking israel means i 'm not contributing to the discussion . 
  i consider myself a feminist ( as in i want equal rights and opportunities for women , not the tumblr kind ) and i 'm perfectly fine with it . 
  it 's a fun , harmless tradition and it 's part of what makes our culture unique . 
  i 'm from han\u00e1 and we use both interchangeably . 
  tatar is more common in rural places , poml\u00e1zka is predominant in olomouc . 
  not true . 
  i live in a small town ( 100k ) in czech republic and there are 3 different kebab joints on my street . 
  desire to commit a terrorist attack in because they 're irrelevant in the eyes of the world . 
  whole world talking . 
  even with name recognition , he has too much superstitions, 
  burning sandals, 
  elaborate on the victim/inferiority complex ?
