  tell me more how you will fight corruption by reducing the rights of the people . 
  also im gland you 've resorted to insults . 
  it shows your belief in your argument . 
  wow go tell your grandma 's stories somewhere else or shows me some proof . 
  i can make shit up as well . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://anticorruption.government.bg/content.aspx?p=12 ) here you can report your friend 's mother who 100 % exists as do all of the other colorful and scary people you told us about . 
  anyways i do not work in the it sector in fact i have only 1 friend who does . 
  all you heard was bs from your friends who were trying to sound cool . 
  i have to deal with those people all the time claiming that the president is controlled by the mafia , etc. 
  this country 's corruption problem doesnt mean we should punish our citizens anymore by denying them more rights . 
  if you want to fix the problem with corruption punish the offenders . 
  instead of fighting corruption he wants to deny 99 % of the population more freedom . 
  its like making cars illegal because some criminals use them to escape easier . 
  people have the right to be cautions especially towards the poorest nation in the union . 
  but people like him are doing harm from the inside because of dumb ideas . 
  instead of reducing corruption and catching those `` schmucks '' they hit themselves in the balls by not fixing anything and reducing their rights at the same time . 
  very sad indeed . 
  ignorant comment , please ignore . 
  how is that not racist ? 
  * edit : its not racism . 
  i dont know words , k ? 
  haha but i dont think its xenophobia as well , unless its being built for immigrants or tourists . 
  whatever it is just because they wont build a church in istanbul doesnt mean we should sink to their level . 
  i am anti-religion but i feel like in a democratic country they should be able to build it if they want to , have the money and are allowed to by the local government . 
  mcdonalds is the same everywhere , kinda what their business model is all about . 
  kfc i feel was far better several years ago . 
  i think they shat on the quality in order to be able to compete with mcdonalds on price . 
  not a warsaw pact country , geographically not in the eastern part of europe , culturally western , 100 % eastern european . 
  awesome !, 
  bulgaria officially not in eastern europe . 
  i dont get your point . 
  they feel they are no represented well enough , the usual bs . 
  well , the balkans have the first part of it taken care of then . 
  officially half-europe, 
  it says that the new border improvements have reduced illegal immigration by 7 times with just that 30 km . 
  surprisingly effective . 
  dont you dare forget about the meatballs . 
  ah nationalism , the best way to make your life harder for no reason . 
  i dont think it will be less safe than usual . 
  police should be extra alert for a while now after the events in kumanovo . 
  august is s while away , maybe do some research during july to see what the situation will be . 
  when you ask a person in bulgaria what he thinks of [ politician ] the answer 90 % of the time will be '' he is a corrupt asshole '' . 
  that person might not know anything about the politician but he knows he is a villain . 
  ive never ever heard anybody say anything positive about any politician in power . 
  the guy on top is always an ass no matter what he does . 
  dont try to find logic in the hate because there is non . 
  i dont agree with every law my country passes . 
  but instead of bailing you try to revert the law democratically . 
  eu sanctions on russia forced counter sanctions which hurt the baltic and scandinavian countries economically . 
  they didnt moan about it . 
  you do what is best [ for the realm ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/it/6/68/varys.jpg ), 
  only xenophobic people would have a problem with law abiding , working people coming to their country . 
  the eu votes on desicions that affect the whole eu . 
  uk has their own representatives and so does every other nation . 
  if it decided that prisoners can vote then they can vote . 
  its the law . 
  people who have problems with that are usually patriotic extremists . 
   a majority do n't want freedom of movement . 
  many want to be able to control immigration . 
  i see this as xenophobia . 
  also there are a massive number of brits living in the eu . 
  the numbers between eu  uk is quite close to uk  eu . 
  not to mention that eu immigrants are hard working , tax paying people who contribute to the country . 
   some do n't like the eu having legislation over the uk . 
  some see it as a loss of sovereignty . 
  and i see that as patriotism . 
  the eu laws are supposed to benefit the whole region . 
  its win some lose some . 
  also winston churchill saw that the eu needs to happen due to unity ( which would discourage another european war ) and the fact that europe is falling from the throne it had during the 20th century . 
  something else , all the arguments used for brexit can be used for the divide of the uk . 
  can you honestly say that it would be for the best of the people if the uk divided ? 
  the uk was at its peak when it was an empire . 
  further division would render it weaker and weaker . 
  what is it to do with then ? 
  are there any reasons for brexit not counting xenophobia and patriotism ? 
  obviously the biggest uk problem is the 2 % working class immigrants who do their job and pay their taxes . 
  i think i used the wrong word when i said `` preaching '' . 
  i never meant we should criminalize anybody . 
  and i was too extreme i admit . 
  im very much against hardcore authoritarianism . 
  but something has to be done because then political groups like ukip use the hate developed against extremists towards normal people and moderate believers as you said and people are buying their shit . 
  this is also a reason why far-right political groups are on the rise in europe . 
  how would you deal with religious extremism ? 
  yep ... now maybe you see how hard it is for us ( bulgaria + romania ) to deal with the gypsy issue . 
  voting is not compulsory in the uk so they are not doing something illegal . 
  still , religious preaching should be made illegal . 
  these are the people you need to be deporting uk . 
  the acting in the first one ... 
  i read `` the sun also rises '' by ernest hemingway and it changed my view on it . 
  the whole tradition surrounding it really astonishes me . 
  i dont know how risky it has become but in the novel hemingway often romanticizes the fight between the bull and the torero and the way the matador plays with death every fight . 
  and i find that awesome as fuck . 
  a lot of respect is given to both the bull and the fighter . 
  i do feel bad for the animal , but i would rather go out fighting than be helplessly murdered in a slaughterhouse . 
  its like , theres normal people in russia :0, 
  ive had plenty of 97 % on democracy 3 so joke 's on you . 
  cheers for the spoiler ... 
  i think language evolution should be left to nature . 
  whatever happens with a language happens . 
  dont try to artificially preserve it .
