agree with everything you said except for stalin . 
  that dude would 've cried only if he did n't kill a bunch of people when he had the opportunity . 
  everybody pays depending on their economic might . 
  it is all percentage based . 
  they need to stop being nationalistic zombies . 
  who said it was okay to throw men in the thrash ? 
  it says the uk pays the least as a percentage of income . 
  but who else will protect the peaceful haven that is russia from the tyrannic hordes of europe ? 
  i like how other countries post content while bulgarians post '' please tell us you like us and you know that we exist '' posts . 
  bulgarians are stupid . 
  they dont know what they are or what they want . 
  can understand all of those without the translation . 
  awesome !, 
  it just means not trying to control the market i.e. 
  letting consumers and sellers determine the prices of all products using the laws of supply and demand . 
  ( someone could definitely explain it better than me haha ) . 
  it basically means that we must wait for the country 's economy to stabilize after decades of being a closed-market economy . 
  for example imagine that batteries in bulgaria used to cost 1 lev . 
  suddenly after the socialist government was overthrown it turned out producing a battery cost 1.2 lev + all of the other costs which meant that we were producing at a loss . 
  then the factories that could still produce batteries started selling them at 3 lev a piece ( which led to inflation ) . after that cheap imports flooded in and the whole battery production industry in bulgaria was dead . 
  many other industries also collapsed . 
  ( not using any actual numbers here just a random example . 
  no idea how much batteries used to cost ) which led to unemployment . 
  hyperinflation + unemployment led to a lot of people leaving the country in search for jobs elsewhere . 
  now since bulgaria has seen some serious growth this last decade ( even with the global crisis ) i believe that the economical situation in the country will only improve . 
  more business = more money = more children running around and pissing everybody off . 
  the only reforms i 'd like to see in order to fix this problem are some changes in our archaic bureaucracy-filled business regulations that make it harder for companies to function normally or even be created . 
  well capitalism was a big economical shock for the eastern bloc . 
  during the socialist regime jobs were created artificially ( with no economical benefit for the country ) whilst prices were kept down . 
  so when 1989 came around the reality of the economical situation of the country hit us hard . 
  i blame that for the low birth and high immigration rate in the country now . 
  but the situation will fix itself if we let the free market do its thing . 
  i think that within 5-10 years the birth rate will start rising . 
  hells yeah . 
  romania and bulgaria can into space :d, 
  oh yes macedonia is a beautiful country as well . 
  for some reason i was thinking only of beautiful beaches :d, 
  i am sure its all the same . 
  i think romania is using the eu subsidies better and is trying harder to improve than bulgaria . 
  so i expect you guys to take the leap to a `` civilized '' country first but in my mind bulgaria and romania will always be together as the black sheep of the eu . 
  in 10-15 years we can show em how cool we can become  ( thanks to them haha ), 
  same . 
  even closer in languages . 
  a lot of people dislike macedonia here because they '' should be ours '' although everybody that borders them says the same thing ... we are all so alike yet we kill each other over minor territorial disputes . 
  who is up for a second balkan league ? 
  anybody :d ? 
  thats why we fucking killed each other for centuries :d go balkans !, 
  haha there was a game where you had to guess where google street view dropped you . 
  always mistook romania and bulgaria we have the same villages and crappy roads :d, 
  well its still pretty warm now but you would need quite a bit of luck to get a warm weekend then . 
  but hey the weather has been really inconsistent the last several years . 
  so maybe it will still be possible to have a dip in the sea . 
  you need to check the weather before you go . 
  otherwise autumn is really pretty in bulgaria especially in the mountain regions . 
  if its too cold i suggest visiting some of the historical sites and old cities around the country . 
  well in the balkans everybody looks angry on the street . 
  i though you were making a joke about it . 
  omg you had me actually laughing !, 
  yeah hate your neighbors and everybody on the street #justbalkanthings, 
  oh you ... our gypsies are your gypsies < 3, 
  romania . 
  i honestly feel we are brothers who speak different languages . 
  we look the same , eat similar food , are very stubborn :d , etc. 
  also serbia but without the different language . 
  i can go to serbia and speak bulgarian and vice versa . 
  true . 
  you just need to know where to go and where not to go ( hence the research ) . 
  but it is worth it . 
  maybe albania is the most dodgy out of those cute mediterranean countries but you can also choose another one . 
  croatia is awesome and is much safer as well . 
  you really ought to go . 
  coming from australia everything will be pretty cheap for you which means more stuff to do haha . 
  i 've never been there but a lot of friends and family have visited albania and nothing dangerous or scary happened to them . 
  yeah it is considerably more dangerous than most european countries but i think that with some careful planning and some research you can skip the dangerous parts . 
  i study in england and have a lot of friends that visited bulgaria and think that it was very dodgy . 
  but all of the `` scary '' stories they tell sound like ghost stories . 
  most of them are just made up stories that probably other tourists or local people made up to fuck with them ( then again i grew up here and maybe i 'm used with the scariness ) . 
  it is more dangerous than australia for sure but do your research and i believe you will be safe . 
  i though it said serbia and was very confused . 
  copenhagen is one of the most beautiful cities i 've ever visited !, 
  the bitch of a mermaid though was a total disappointment . 
  anyways can you guys loan us any architects or something ? 
  the best thing about bulgaria is that it still has those nice untouched beautiful beaches where you can camp without getting the shit fined out of you . 
  do n't come here to only get shit-faced on a budget . 
  after your hangover is gone go for a hike and enjoy the nature . 
  it seems that everywhere else in the eu everything is private . 
  in bulgaria you can do whatever you want ( as long as it is semi-legal ) ^ pleasedontkillanybodynotcool . 
  ** disclaimer ** - montenegro and albania are even better at this . 
  beautiful mediterranean beaches with no huge hotels or regulations ( a bit more dangerous though ) . 
  visit the balkans , guys , before the russians do it first . 
  patriotism and nationalism create so many unnecessary problems . 
  peace and harmony derive from unity not separate factions each fighting for their own interests . 
  but no , lets fight over some clay because we are a bit different from you and we hate you to death . 
  dont get me wrong i am not for the shelling of civilians . 
  at the same time i think the ukrainian government are more reliable then a pack of rebels most of whom are out for blood . 
  whatever happens ukraine needs help in pushing the russian forces out of its territory do n't forget who started all of this and who is arming and leading the militants . 
  the truth is that a smaller and poorer country is at war with a far bigger and more resourceful enemy who is doing worse things than the shelling of some civilians ( again do n't want any shelling ) . 
  what you want is to let the smaller country get inevitably bullied and occupied whilst standing and doing nothing . 
  i for one do n't think that 's fair to ukraine or to its people . 
  believe me if they get conquered by those lawless russian rebels they would be in twice the danger .
