  and yes ukraine needs to be careful and keep the collateral damage to as minimal as possible . 
  yes let the rebels and russians do it instead at least we know they have respect for human life and dignity . 
  they are synonyms anyway . 
  nah fuck that shit . 
  we are so depressed over everything that happened to us in the past that we forget it was all our fault . 
  we should n't study about it with hatred but with optimism for the future . 
  ( also fuck you we 'll make another balkan league and f you up mate ), 
  bulgaria being conquered by turkey ( the ottoman empire ) for 500 years , we study a lot about that time and is a major topic within our country . 
  a few years ago i asked a turkish friend about what they studied about bulgaria and was very surprised when he said `` nothing ' :d, 
  with all the shit going on in ukraine this is the kind of thing we need to be more worried about . 
  there is some divide between pro-russian and pro-west people in bulgaria . 
  its nothing serious really most of the time its something that we joke about at the local pub . 
  i feel like in the last 10 years a lot of people have become pro-west ( even though our media is still so russian-like ;( ) some people are pro-russian because there was a lot of russian and socialist propaganda during the cold war after russia occupied bulgaria at the end of ww2 and instituted a communist regime . 
  but i feel like things are getting better and better and i am very optimistic about the future . 
  ( i mean look at how many western jobs we can steal ? 
  there are literally dozens of bulgarians out there . ), 
  dumb survey, 
  so many nationalistic parties :(, 
  when someone says `` we need to regain control of our country '' you can bet he has no idea what he is talking about . 
  no crimea - no war . 
  i ca n't believe he did n't win . 
  easily the best eurovision song ever . 
  come on . 
  not in this subreddit . 
  this year bulgaria 's song is better than ever !, 
  closer to the soviet union i guess . 
  in ww2 when the soviets passed through bulgaria they helped the communist party take control of the government and create the people 's republic of bulgaria . 
  i am not really that familiar with what happened in romania but i can imagine it was the same . 
  so even though the countries had fought against the soviet union during the war after it they were under its sphere of influence and therefore it would have been hard for churchill to take over . 
  yey go schengen soon ^ ^ tm :d . haha nice alex the southerner ^ ^, 
  do you not like the city ? 
  is it because they might have gotten the money from crime ? 
  well things have gotten much better here in the past 5-10 years ( at least in sofia ) so maybe in another 5-10 years we will be able to drive bmws like normal people . 
  maybe we will even have good enough roads to visit each other 's countries haha . 
  it is very unfortunate . 
  here girls go crazy when they see a guy with a 20 year old bmw just because its a bmw . 
  and yeah they are the ones who drive like madmen and disobey driving laws . 
  its cool you have rich gypsies though . 
  i just saw a post on r/videos that showed a city made up of gypsy palaces and the architecture and diversity was amazing . 
  99.9 % of our gypsies are dirt poor and live in broken down sheds outside of big cities but lets not get carried away . 
  we can only hope that the situation changes . 
  also i do n't know how it is in romania but i think bulgaria needs better enforcement of the driving laws . 
  not stricter laws but just better enforcement because traffic police rarely take notice of minor infractions but all hell breaks loose when you try speeding . 
  that 's cause you have n't met me yet !, 
  ^ i ^ made ^ myself ^ sad, 
  yeah sorry about that . 
  most bulgarians do n't consider that even though you have twice as many gypsies you have 3 times our population so in reality you have way less proportionately . 
  so true about the bmws but i went to bucharest last year and it was the same . 
  loved bucharest though and your socialist/communist palace build with blood and tears is way better than ours :d do note that not all bulgarians think of you as gypsies . 
  most of them have more important things to do like steal jobs from the english folk . 
  they took r jerb, 
  damn ... bloody bulgarians, 
  because people are taught to be racists in school thanks to our flawed educational system that still relies on nationalistic principles left from the socialist years . 
  just wanted to say how awesome the us founding fathers were and if every leader on earth had 1/10th of what they had the world would be a much more peaceful and prosperous place to live in . 
  he shouldnt be able to escape on foot when the police have a car . 
  how is shooting 20-30 bullets in an urban area hoping to hit a barely dangerous man in the legs better ? 
  how is that effective ? 
  also because one man was killed by tasers they are suddenly unsafe but guns are ok because you know they kill ? 
  its not the tasers fault as well . 
  its the person 's fault for not understanding how it functions . 
  hopefully you train your cops before you give them weapons . 
  what you say is awful . 
  people can always change . 
  we need to educate them and rehabilitate them . 
  that is where we need to rely on training . 
  i dont see another alternative . 
  police officers need to have something between a baton and a lethal weapon . 
  they should . 
  otherwise cops are left with the dilemma to shoot the guy or let him run away and i dont think anybody should be shot unless he posses a lethal danger to another person . 
  our cops dont carry tasers as well unfortunately . 
  moving ? 
  maybe you mean standing still for almost a minute . 
  ironically they shot him when he started to move . 
  also a trained professional should be able to hit a moving target less than 10 meters away from him . 
  not that i think shooting him was necessary . 
  they should have another non-lethal weapon . 
  bullets are fucking dangerous especially in urban areas . 
  not submitting should not equal getting shot 10 times . 
  they also shot him after he ran off and didnt pose any danger to anybody . 
  i dont see a reason for this man to be shot . 
  especially after he threw his weapon . 
  romania so high because of moldova ? 
  i dont understand why everybody 's blaming a dumb guy with money instead of the corrupt and rotten country of zimbabwe . 
  no offense taken but that is not where im coming from . 
  france , the uk , germany all of them will lose influence during this century . 
  the usa is united and is massive , almost the size of europe . 
  the usa will be ok . 
  but europe is too devided to allow ourself to be 100 % independent . 
  if europe wants to be an international figurehead then we need to be united politically and economically . 
  of course smaller countries like bulgaria will be even more fucked if the eu would collapse but it wont be good for anyone else either . 
  if we do n't matter based on our economic situation then macedonia does not exist . 
  my reply had more to do with the autonomy , not whether the euro was a good or a bad thing . 
  have fun finding any political relevance in the midst of the big dogs in the near future then . 
  but l guess the 10 or so million dutch will be fine next to the billions of chinese , indians , etc. 
  but muh nationalistic pride, 
  there is corruption and mafia and criminals but they 're not the omnipotent power you make them up to be . 
  how did romania deal with their corruption ? 
  they just stopped not doing anything . 
  if they can do it so can we . 
  i called your comment ignorant lest people think you had an actual argument and waste their time as i did .
