  given the same circumstances any nation could be manipulated in such ways . 
  but the russians will come back . 
  not sure if i can say the same for the government , though . 
  i 'll be surprised if we see more than a few positive changes . 
  first fix your own smoking problems before judging us . 
  no it is necessary for you . 
  you are not capable of thinking about more than a year in the future . 
  if the uk has seen good gdp growth while in the eu then why leave it . 
  it makes no sense . 
  dont fix something thats not broken . 
  there is no economic reason for the uk to leave the eu . 
  it seems like your parents talked some crap about the eu and you sponged it . 
  this union is not only economical anyways . 
  its a political one as well as a social one . 
  churchill himself realized the necessity of a united europe . 
  maybe you brits should remember that . 
  people like you need another world war so they can remember why a united europe is necessary . 
  instead of trying to fix it you just wan na bail . 
  what a coward . 
  i just remember that poland had a union with lithuania , therefore lithuania is the closer one . 
  '' sir , it looks like everybody is ready for our attack and has signed defensive treaties between themselves . 
  what should we do ? '', 
  ... '' we attack tomorrow . '', 
  i wont excuse you . 
  you are a despicable human being who deserves to be sent in exile as to not spew shit infused hate on normal people . 
  love is love and hate is hate . 
  and you know only the latter . 
  hopefully yes . 
  im actually surprised most of bulgaria 's meps voted yes on the act . 
  we have a big problem in our country with accepting lgbt people so this is a big step forward . 
  go back to the middle ages where this type of thinking was acceptable . 
  ive never seen anything else than a qwerty keyboard in bulgaria . 
  even in my school all keyboards were in qwerty . 
  makes me feel these goals should 've been set for 2017 . 
  hells yeah buddy !, 
  still . 
  they will get a car , they will shop in your stores and best thing is its basically free money for you guys . 
  especially if they are rich . 
  they are making russia poorer and the uk richer . 
  win-win . 
  oh no stop them !, 
  they are bringing tons of money into our economy !, 
  in bulgarian mechok means male bear . 
  the correct word would be mechka ( mecka ) , like in macedonia . 
  which is where id refer you to my first comment in this thread . 
  nobody selling weapons to warmongers is in the right . 
  people still criticize the shit out of france because they sell weapons and are preparing to sell the warships to russia . 
  if britain decides to leave the eu , scotland would be very angry since they are much more pro-eu than england . 
  they would not support the uk leaving the eu but they would have no choice if the referendum supported the divide . 
  poland was as weak as ukraine at the start of the 90s . 
  they aligned towards europe much faster , therefore they are better off now because of it . 
  ukraine was mostly pro-russian for the past 20 years though . 
  eu support in ukraine is a new phenomenon . 
  its support for russia got it nowhere . 
  russia needs a lot of luck to recover by 2017 . 
  yes the petrol prices will normalize but how will they account for all of the reserves they had to sell to keep the ruble from becoming more rubble . 
  this war also made eu realize that it needs to find other sources of petrol and gas in order to not be so dependent on russia . 
  and russia 's government and the organizational focus they have right now will disappear when putin leaves as he is the only one keeping the oligarchs at peace . 
  im not sure i get what youre saying . 
  do you mean that because everybody sins we should not care about commiting more sins ? 
   it was the ussr who invaded afghanistan . 
  that included ukrainians . 
  the guys who wrote this should probably go and read books . 
  afghans did n't differentiate between ukrainians and russians . 
  because they were a part of the ussr . 
  they did n't have the choice . 
  its not the ukrainians that said `` lets go kill afghans '' . 
  this argument is dumb because the usa has as much to do with the militarization of the taliban as does the ussr . 
   comparing russia and poland also would n't be accurate . 
  poland gets billions of free money , access to the eu internal market and the ability to have their workers move to wealthier countries and send money home . 
  not many countries get that . 
  better comparison would be with other eastern block nations that are n't in the eu . 
  i actually think russia did all right . 
  when you look at the statistics from yeltsin era it was horrible . 
  the country has managed to overcome that and become a migrant haven for millions including ukrainians . 
  it is accurate . 
  the argument is that the ukraine would be better off under europe 's influence . 
  and you just agreed with that through the arguments you used to prove that poland has it better off . 
   mentioning how poor and crap russia is kind of true . 
  but a ukrainian saying that to a russian is like a mexican calling america a poor country . 
  russia has many problems but almost every myth people have about them is actually true for ukraine . 
  the country is worse off than it was before the ussr fell . 
  at least russians have hope that they 're leaders will take reform serious and start the economy moving . 
  ukraine is behind everybody else by more than a decade and the current imf reforms and conflict will screw them for a decade . 
  i would n't really insult them for having poor roads when the capital controls and massive loans are the only thing stopping your currency from collapsing . 
  again what they are saying is that the ukraine would be better off with europe than russia . 
  the effects of the ussr collapse are still taking their toll to the ukraine and its true it is in a worst condition than russia ... for now . 
  the russian people may believe in putin to fix the economy but so far he has done nothing but destroying it by forcing sanctions on russia . 
  maybe the country would be better if russia would stop attacking them and forcing them to spend resources on their military . 
  which makes it ok ? 
  it does not matter who is allies with whom . 
  it is not morally right to sell weapons to a warmongering state . 
  and whoever does it is in the wrong . 
  the yurup money for our side has not arrived yet . 
  * half the eu capital cities plus belgrade ^ ^ yes ^ ^ i ^ ^ am ^ ^ salty, 
  yugoslavia was a failed stated because of the way it was conceived and because of the idea it served . 
  i do agree with you that nationalism has created too many wars and its a flawed way of thinking that needs to be removed . 
  '' we want the power to work for the people and not big businesses '' yes russia historically has always cared for its people . 
  wouldnt having a centralized military for the whole eu be better ? 
  as in requiring less soldiers/spending and being more organized and effective .
