  but dont try to artificially remove it either . 
  i cant understand how lobbying is not illegal . 
  the people who only care for money will always have more of it and will force politicians to fight for their backwards and immoral ways . 
  i really really really dont care . 
  they wanted independence they should have it . 
  its their right to choose to unite with albania . 
  would people be mad about moldova uniting with romania ? 
  quite liked australia and romania 's songs . 
  i am not american but i keep reading articles about how especially uncooperative the republicans are towards obama . 
  quite more so than usual . 
  i do n't think borisov was one of them . 
  he was a `` mutra '' but his office did more than the last 3 combined and they were in power before the world crisis . 
  i still do n't like him but i was ok with how he did . 
  agree with the other two and would like to include boris the turd . 
  fella made sure to follow his dads ( ferdinand i ) tradition of joining the wrong side and joined the axis during ww2 . 
  one thing is being literate , another is fanatically studying your language to the point of it being the holy grail of your education . 
  we should have a couple of grades just for specialization for our university courses . 
  instead we still have to put the strongest emphasis on bulgarian . 
  the studying i did for my bulgarian `` matura '' test was the most pointless and therefore difficult studying ive done in my life . 
  we have to have a proper literature review on 94 ( yes 94 ) pieces . 
  and that is for a course/subject nobody wants to specialize in . 
  thats a waste of time , which the students could use to study for the matura that they actually need , i.e. 
  physics , chemistry , philosophy , etc. 
  instead of celebrating the people that want to study in the fields where we as a country offer the minimum monetary rewards in we make them study twice as hard . 
  ** edit : ** about the literature . 
  i dont mind studying bulgarian literature . 
  but when we have to start recycling material because we are out its time to study something else . 
  ^ ^ ^ perfect example that a lot of bulgarians are retarded . 
  not many do n't . 
  i still think it should be dropped after the 10th grade with chemistry . 
  and it should not be compulsory for the maturity . 
  many people have to take a 3rd maturity test because their bulgarian one is useless to them . 
  french as fuck . 
  you dont write in cyrillic ? 
  you are a dumb piece of shit . 
  we are forced to study bulgarian throughout school even though maybe not even 5 % of the people actually need it for university . 
  if you say something about this you are `` unpatriotic '' and `` should go live somewhere else '' . 
  oh and because we must be patriots we get to study only our literature . 
  which is so scarce the government has to pull books out of their ass as well as make us study the same things over and over again . 
  but again if you dare to bring this up or want to study something else they look at you with disgust saying '' but this is bulgaria ! '' . 
  its 2015 but our educational system is still the same from the socialist era and its making it harder for people to stop being stuck-up assholes . 
  have these guys been to bulgaria ? 
  people have been driving progressively worse lately . 
  its like traffic laws do n't exist here and nobody is getting punished unless its for speeding which is bullshit . 
  dont know about you guys but im brown as fuck # thanksturkey :d, 
  shut up north kore ... uhm i mean russia . 
  try again then . 
  you have to work on the problem together with spain . 
  you have almost 1/4 of the population of spain . 
  catalonia has the power to do it . 
  my mistake , they said that about scotland . 
  but i can imagine the same thing happening to you guys as well . 
  spain will veto 100 % including the uk and france ( maybe ) due to mutual problems . 
  i love countries and nations and peoples . 
  i love vexillology and i think your flag is magnificent . 
  but i dont think independence will be advantageous for the people or for spain/eu ( especially now when we are facing the eus biggest problems in history ) . 
  sometimes it is rough . 
  but we are in this together . 
  not only from a country 's perspective but also from a european one . 
  we help each other during good and bad times . 
  i am sure that if you protest towards minimizing the fiscal deficit instead of for independence i feel like you will be more successful in fixing that problem . 
  also do n't forget the economic problems that independence will bring . 
  businesses will fail , prices will rise , etc. 
  maybe it will be fixed in the long-term but maybe not . 
  the eu has already stated that it would not welcome catalonia at least in the beginning and it may be another 20 years before you join back in . 
  this is effectively putting a border between you and the rest of europe that will make everything harder . 
  its because i already commented about this . 
   that argument could be used by every city and village in the world . 
  the old `` where are my taxes going '' rant . 
  nobody will be happy until every city is self governing . 
  if we want a stable europe it needs to be united . 
  i live in the biggest and richest city in bulgaria . 
  my taxes dont stay there . 
  but i know the rural areas need to be improved in order for my country to improve as well . 
  so nationalism + '' we want more recognition '' . 
  the only real issue is that your culture is slowly getting absorbed by spain . 
  this only makes me feel stronger that independence is not necessary . 
  every proper secession movement in europe ? 
  their main point is wanting better representation . 
  its the same issue like in scotland . 
  they wanted more representation . 
  but both countries are democracies therefore you get what you vote for . 
  why should 10 % of the population have as much representation as the other 90 % because 600 years ago some people somewhere had a country . 
  and yes , as you mentioned the toll on the economy would be massive . 
  but people are still living in the 20th century leaning on nationalism , unfortunately . 
  that argument could be used by every city and village in the world . 
  the old `` where are my taxes going '' rant . 
  nobody will be happy until every city is self governing . 
  if we want a stable europe it needs to be united . 
  i really do not support secession movements but they should be able to if they want to . 
  ca n't see why they want to make their life harder on nationalistic basis but whatever . 
  remember it . 
  but dont be a douche hating a country for something that happened +400 years ago . 
  it makes no sense . 
  where ?!, 
  dude being angry about things that happened ages ago is the balkans ' thing . 
  bring in lithuania , for the good ol' times . 
  after a while , yes . 
  i do n't blame the russians for the way they have degraded . 
  being so closed as a society makes propaganda especially effective at manipulating the masses .
