  the culture difference between countries does not even exist between states in he usa . 
  we have regional quirks - but they 're no where near cultural differences . 
  and no , we 're not the most diverse country over any other individual country . 
  the predominant religion is christianity ( thankfully , that 's changing ) , everyone speaks english , we consume the same products , tv shows , music , etc. 
  we hold the same values that you probably did n't even realize you had ( individualism , materialism , self sufficiency , and several others ) . 
  some people speak with strong accents and cook their food a certain way . 
  i hate to tell you this , but it 's like that everywhere , even in countries smaller than our states . 
  tl ; dr it does n't compare . 
  french cheese that hasnt been pasturized is , from what i understand . 
  they can sell bastardizations , but you wont find a camembert bien affin\u00e9 . 
  in my house , we always stock the following cheeses : * parmesan in block to be grated * camembert * chevre or feta * mozzarella * mimolette ( which is kind of like sharp cheddar ) * garlic boursin cheese spread * cantal ( hard cheese ) we cook a lot of italian/pasta based dishes , and when i make a lot of my vegetarian food i use mainly feta and chevre . 
  my fianc\u00e9 eats the camembert , mimolette is for my notyo nachos , and cantal is for eating plain - though we buy good quality cheeses so you could eat any of them plain . 
  in france there are beaufs , which are stubborn , vulgar , classless people . 
  i like to think of them as rednecks . 
  there are also caillera/racaille which are about the french equivalent of british chavs . 
   first thing first , our cars consume less and have a tendency to be `` city cars '' so no suv , 4x4 , pickups . 
  plus more manual transmissions , which save on gas . 
  i ca n't speak for the quality of life in other countries , but i can speak for france , and as far as i 'm concerned , my quality of life has drastically improved since i moved here . 
   the vast majority of americans , even upper-middle-class , are `` poor '' by european standards wealth wise , i would actually argue the opposite . 
  you earn more money in the us - certainly . 
  but you also pay more . 
  i suppose it 's give and take . 
  well unlike in the us , you feel poverty less in europe . 
  in the us , when you 're poor , you ca n't go to the doctor , you ca n't pay rent , you ca n't buy a car , and there 's likely to not be public transport . 
  so everything banks on you getting a job , and if that does n't happen , you 're fucked . 
  if it does , you put up with any and all abuse your employer puts you through because getting fired is n't an option . 
  here , you can go to school , the doctor , pay your rent , and be poor . 
  you wont live luxuriously by any means , but it 's a lot harder to go without here than in the us . 
  fighting an abusive employer is easier because 1 , you do n't go without if you dont have a job , 2 , the law is on your side to help you . 
  so even if the economy is n't doing so great at the moment , you might feel it less unless you 're actively looking for a job , a business owner , etc. 
  the economy is still very much in recovery from 2008 . 
  the us crash had a ripple effect on just about every other market , and for the moment , with the addition of several weaker economies into the eurozone , the larger european economies are struggling to keep up . 
  in france , the economy ( as i last checked ) was not in a growth period . 
  this has to do with several factors linked to the eurozone and to it 's personal gdp . 
  if i remember correctly , the unemployment rate is at 10 % , but the poverty rate is under 3 % . 
  so that 's something to consider . 
  so tl ; dr : the economy isnt stellar , but it 's not as bad as some countries in the eu . 
  oh yeah no , normally france wo n't let you be in poverty . 
  there are * tons * of social programs in place to keep people afloat . 
  the problem is when you have people who slip through the cracks . 
  i 'd also like to be clear : there are people who abuse the system . 
  but for the most part , getting government aid is not as taboo as it is in the us because people feel they 're entitled to it as citizens . 
  everyone benefits from the system until they get where they need to be , then they pay into it for about 40 years . 
  definitely happens in france . 
  interns replace employees in a lot of the smaller companies ( and they 're paid minimum 436,09 $ per month , which is a recent thing ) . 
  as of last september , interns only just got the right to have days off ( outside of normal weekends and holidays ) . 
  that being said , it 's far from the big bad companies that are at fault here . 
  granted , some companies abuse the hell out of it , but many do n't have a choice . 
  from what i understand , the amount of taxes that you have to pay to hire one employee are almost as much as that employee 's salary . 
  french people , correct me if i 'm wrong on any of this . 
  right , but the logic does n't work for us * or * european citizens . 
  why would arming europeans , who enjoy a wonderful lack of gun violence at the moment , make them any safer against invaders or their own governments ? 
  if the us military with its advanced weapons could n't protect the us population , what the hell are civilians with handguns ( or even autos ) going to do ? 
  i often hear the argument of keeping guns as protection from the government , but again , what are your handguns going to do against tanks and military weaponry ? 
  `` here are 13 letters . 
  pronounce 5 of them '' - french, 
  went to rome , got cased . 
  be aware of your surroundings . 
  my friend and i planned really poorly , and we ended up sticking out because of it . 
  a guy cased us on the train and would n't take his eyes off of us throughout the ride . 
  he got off with us , started following us , etc. 
  we ended up ditching him by ducking in a store or so , but it was pretty creepy . 
  it 's just important that you 're aware of what 's going on around you so that you do n't end up a target . 
  btw : if you see a `` beware of pickpockets '' sign , do n't react at all . 
  a lot of times , pickpockets will hang out near those signs and watch people unconsciously touch where their wallets/stuff is to make sure it 's still there , while unknowingly just showing the pickpockets what to go for . 
  it does n't seem like a cultural thing at all . 
  americans tend to do this overtly fake politeness that the french just dont do . 
  they 're frank and if they say something they generally mean it . 
  i mean , you confronted her about it , she said there 's no issue , so is there really an issue ? 
  do you think that maybe she might be super busy ? 
  ( if she 's in college for example , french uni can be no joke in certain subjects ) . 
  that 's the beauty of languages . 
  after a while you just pick it up . 
  your brain is wired for that - if you have enough exposure , you 'll eventually understand . 
  well you 're potentially the best person they 've got . 
  it 's not particularly hard to teach this kind of class - there are resources out there , free resources . 
  you could teach english if you thought about it . 
  after all , you 've been speaking it for at the very minimum 20 years . 
  ya know , it might be a cool initiative , if you do n't want to do volunteering at the centers , to open up free english classes for the refugees . 
  that would be a skill that will help a lot of them find jobs and make themselves more marketable-it could also be really cool if you can get one of your german friends to come help and give classes in german . 
  that would be something you could do with relatively little supplies , cost , and hassle . 
  france does n't really work on credit as far as i can tell . 
  if you want financing , they look at your job : if you 're on a cdd ( contrat \u00e0 dur\u00e9e d\u00e9termin\u00e9e , or a pre-determined work contract ) or a cdi ( contrat \u00e0 dur\u00e9e ind\u00e9termin\u00e9e , which is an indetermined contract which means job security for as long as the company exists and you want to work there ) . 
  they look at your salary , for example an apartment will ask for a co-signer ( garant ) for your rent unless you have a cdi making three times the amount of your rent . 
  if you need credit from a bank , they consider how much you make vs your expenses to see if you can afford to pay it back . 
  the monthly amount is taken out of your account at an agreed date each month for however long the loan is . 
  there is no credit , there are n't credit cards , none of that exists here . 
  i feel like after english , most french people learn spanish and german . 
  i speak english and french and going to germany and the netherlands was no problem . 
  there was a lot of pointing and gesturing in spain and italy . 
  appartager , le boncoin , google, 
  as a student in the eu , your visa acts as a form of proof that you 're a student . 
  barring immigration laws , you 'll be able to travel and act as any other european student . 
  if you 're younger than 26 , this will be especially helpful in france , and many activities in the eu will be discounted for students and young people . 
  november is a slow month for a lot of guides . 
  if you contact one nowish you could potentially get a spot . 
  i can even recommend hotels ( i seriously used to plan vacations to normandy for a living ), 
  i live here and i just did my first private tour last saturday . 
  there are memorials , remnants of artificial harbors built to supply the allies , and then there is la pointe du hoc . 
  at la pointe du hoc , the landscape is very much as it was just after the war .
