  there are craters everywhere , cliffs , and a killer view . 
  i think that if you go on tour you 'll have a good time . 
  when are you going to be in paris ? 
  hey i think i can help here . 
  i live in france and recently traveled to amsterdam ( with one of the big things on my list to see being the anne frank huis ) . 
  we were in amsterdam 5 days and we never managed to get to the house . 
  every time we went to the area it was a line for forever , so we decided to skip it . 
  amsterdam is an absolutely beautiful place , but if you 're taking the train it will take 5-6 hours and if you take a plane it will take an hour and a half . 
  i highly recommend making it a stop for another trip . 
  if you want to know more about ww2 history , why not take the 2 hour train ride up to normandy ( bayeux , i suggest ) and catch an all-day tour of the d-day beaches ? 
  a private tour will run you anywhere from 200-400 euro for the day but you can potentially get room on a group tour . 
  that 's just it though . 
  there ate tons of people who hang around the train station . 
  it 's impossible to know what they 're doing . 
  france is good about that . 
  they might be slow about it and require ridiculous amounts of paperwork , but it 's like that for citizens too, 
  well it 's a free country . 
  they can hang out where they want . 
  i mean , all the police are going to do is shoo them away until they come back later . 
  there are already several initiatives for unemployment and such in france and being an immigrant does n't stop you from benefiting . 
  they 're also relatively lax about papers and entry . 
  it 's entirely possible that these guys are just french panhandlers , or pickpockets , or immigrants . 
  it 's impossible to know . 
  i do always see people hanging out at the gare when i 'm there . 
  they either hit on me or ask me for cigarettes ( most of the time both ) . 
  they 're likely to be panhandlers . 
  sometimes they sell trinkets to tourists . 
  who knows ? 
  you are right - this is actually something that is both a blessing and a curse . 
  i came to europe so excited to share my culture , and it was already everywhere ( and sometimes in the worst of ways ) . 
  for the purposes of / r/askeurope , yes . 
  i live in france so if people are asking questions specific to europe , i can always speak from the french perspective . 
  i 've been living here for a long time , i speak fluent french and i 'll be applying for dual nationality in the fall . 
  exactly . 
  i 'll be called , undoubtably , a self-hating american for my above comment . 
  in fact , it 's the opposite . 
  i love my country and countrymen . 
  i just recognize these problems and i want them to change . 
  let 's back up for a minute . 
  american to american , what exactly do we have to be proud of ? 
  * we have shitty healthcare ( which is improving , but it 's so goddamn slow ) . 
  * we force our students to enter into thousands of dollars of debt to get something as basic as an education ( which , i 'd like to remind you , is given away for free in most developed countries ) . 
  * we have two political parties : the assholes and the bigger assholes , and their is absolutely 0 room given for independants because the two party system is inherently flawed . 
  * we live in a world where people who are not christian are forced in a lot of communities to live in the closet . 
  * we pour money into foreign wars and our military and for what ? 
  our veterans are on the streets and if a member of the military falls ill , we cast them aside like a used tissue . 
  * we have no more freedom than any other developed country . 
  * guns everywhere . 
  and there 's no point to that either . 
  * the government literally spies on us and the rest of the world . 
  * we elected a dumbass in 2000 that caused a global recession , dragged us into an unnecessary war and drove what had been a billion dollar surplus into a trillion dollar debt . 
  please explain to me what we have to be proud of ? 
  please explain to me what merits forcing children from a young age to pledge allegiance to a country and be proud of the * pure and random chance * at being born in the united states versus another developed country ? 
  hum . 
  perhaps tea ? 
  anything concerning the monarchy . 
  perhaps anything with a union jack on it-it 's really \u00e0 la mode . 
  snacks that you would n't find here . 
  it 's hard to tell without living in both countries for a significant amount of time . 
  i know when my friend brought instant oatmeal from the uk i was ridiculously excited , but i 'm american so i had a crazy craving for instant oatmeal . 
  then yeah i would n't suggest anything too involved . 
  a simple pay-as-you-go card will do it . 
  they call it mobicarte in french . 
  in addition to / u/murrayhenson 's suggestion , for france you can get a pay-as-you-go sim card as well . 
  i would n't expect to have the same number - but they do exist for calling/sms/internet data . 
  french plans are a helluva lot cheaper than us plans . 
  even the `` we 'll gouge you for every dime you 've got '' company , orange , will get you through with a sim card and credits for under 20 $ . 
  how long are you staying ( also where will you be in france ? 
  sounds good to start . 
  for lodging , try airbnb to do an apartment exchange . 
  it 's pretty affordable . 
  the star system can vary depending on where you are - three stars in paris is about the equivalent of a charmingly flawed best western room , whereas 3 stars in my city would run you 200 $ a room . 
  as for a daily budget , it 's easier if you 're making your own food and going picnic style . 
  then you 'll be able to spend money on cool things like sites . 
  edit : in paris english is widely spoken . 
  spanish perhaps a little less so . 
  you should n't have a problem really . 
  outside of paris , it 's all french . 
  i would turn it into a learning experience for the family - french is a lot like spanish . 
  i ca n't help you with the guide book , but i can help you with travel details . 
  let me know what you 'd want to do and i can help - if nothing else , just on the logistics side source : i 'm the person travel agents go to when their customer asks to come to normandy . 
  oh good , you finish right before [ beauregard ] ( http://www.festivalbeauregard.com/prog/ ), 
  if it 's for one night , i would n't lug it with you, 
  try ryanair ezjet hop and skiplagged for your air tickets . 
  you can try to buy them online . 
  if you 're not bringing a computer , try it in an internet caf\u00e9 , they 're everywhere . 
  ( just remember to turn on private browsing  ) 2 . 
  hostels are great places to meet people . 
  when will you be in amsterdam in july ? 
  ( i 'm actually going there too ) 3 . 
  are you bringing a sleeping bag ? 
  just sleep on the grass . 
  no biggie . 
  there 's usually designated camping areas . 
  go for plain clothes that fit you well . 
  avoid white sneakers . 
  every country has it 's own dress code , but july will still be nice weather so shorts are okay ( usually not in a restaurant and certain monuments in europe get pissy if you dont wear pants . ), 
  i 've never used the eurail pass . 
  they * should * work . 
  most atms at least allow you to put in more than 4 numbers for a pin .
