germany is awesome !, 
  i absolutely loved everything about it . 
  i came here to talk about just that . 
  look at the difference between the way that swedish people speak english with the french . 
  they have an entire industry behind dubbing movies and series of which their primary imports are from the usa and britain . 
  it 's awful because so very much is lost this way, 
  and iceland is completely content, 
  good riddance ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i hear it quite a bit, 
  normandie brings calvados , embuscade , camembert and c\u00e8pes . 
  well i should rephrase . 
  you * can * fly the french flag , but most people fly flags other than the french flag . 
  for example , in normandie , people tend to fly the norman flag . 
  yeah but this is kind of the equivalent of the tea party , but in france . 
  can we talk about how , as an expat in france , the pure terror i experienced upon understanding these lyrics for the first time surrounded by drunk french people ? 
  i have to agree though - la marseillaise is badass . 
  no fair man . 
  sweden is pretty much better at everything than everyone . 
  or speak french ... 
  let 's face facts . 
  you can fly pretty much any flag in france other than the french one . 
  i see people with american flag motif stuff all the time . 
  yeah * le * is pronounced like in the word `` set . '', 
  * les * is pronounced like `` lay '' without the `` s. '', 
  this was the exact thought i had too . 
  right but at the same time , english is used for when businesses want to be `` cool . '', 
  the same exact thing happens in the us for businesses that want to convey `` chic , gourmet , or fancy . '', 
  any idea how many hairdressers i 've seen in the us named `` ciseaux '' ? 
  you would be shocked at how slow it is on the east coast . 
  i always thought it was fast until i moved to europe . 
  no trolling , honest opinion . 
  why am i not surprised that france is at the top of the list . 
  i moved here in 2010 and started a work contract in october . 
  by december , i 'd only worked two weeks because of massive strikes, 
  yay , my children will also fall into this category !, 
  edit : calm down . 
  i pay taxes . 
   i hope one day the middle east will share our european values . 
  i hope that one day we share ** common , peaceful ** values , be they from either side . 
  do you mean in france ? 
  with a c2 certificate ( i 'm assuming cambridge because toeic does n't go that high ) , i think you could argue that you are `` bilingue . '', 
  for reference , the highest certificate that i have in french is a c1 dalf , but i got that 3 years ago and have been living in france since then , so i just put bilingue on my cv . 
  you could always tutor . 
  it really depends on where you 're looking . 
  there are tons of places that are looking for people who speak english . 
  check leboncoin and other resources available . 
  let me know if i can help !, 
  amsterdam , we spent a week there . 
  i completely understand that it 's not at all representative of the netherlands - and i 'm really eager to go back and explore some less touristy places . 
  we did n't do much in terms of phrases , simple things like `` please '' and `` thank you , '' `` i 'm sorry '' etc. 
  one girl was nice enough to correct our dutch . 
  i feel like it 's a nice gesture to try - even if everyone there already speaks your native language . 
  \u00cf was an english teacher for a while , but now i work in tourism providing english speaking services to people visiting my region . 
  living in france for so long , and having visited spain and italy beforehand , i never really realized how pointless it was for me to memorize a few dutch phrases before going to the netherlands . 
  people appreciated the effort though . 
  you spelled chinese wrong . 
  in all seriousness , i can shed some light on why this is happening . 
  in countries like norway , sweden , the netherlands , if they consume anything from a foreign country they keep it in its original language with subtitles . 
  the french dub everything into french ( using the same damn 5 actors ) . 
  so all the movies and series that are coming from the usa and the uk are getting dubbed in french , while in those other countries are listening to english all the time . 
  you would n't believe the impact that this makes . 
  second , the french are intensely proud of their language and have even put in place [ * l'acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acad\u00e9mie_fran\u00e7aise ) to preserve it 's integrity . 
  this is an institution that 's existed since the early 1600s , and those who are members are called the * immortels * . 
  in general , the french are serious about their language . 
  this has only amplified after wwii when there was so much english that the french felt their language and culture threatened by globalization . 
  finally , the french education system is based upon getting the right answer . 
  even early on , french kids are taught that being wrong is not okay , and that only having the right answer is acceptable . 
  this is really not conducive for language learning - which depends on early speech for retention . 
  the problem is that these kids get to middle school and high school and they are so afraid to speak for fear of the humiliation of not being 100 % perfect that they just stay silent . 
  they might be great at grammar , since it 's beaten into their heads for several years in school , with absolutely 0 capacity to speak the language and a terrible accent from no exposure . 
  the french government has taken certain measures to help language learning , like bringing in native speakers to teach their kids , but i ca n't tell you how well this all works . 
  the other problem is that instead of teaching english the way that young anglophone kids learn it , they teach it the way they teach french , which is the worst approach possible . 
  french kids sit in front of `` irregular verb tables '' and vocabulary lists to memorize them . 
  they focus on conjugation of verbs , which is great if you 're learning a romance language , not particularly useful for english ( think : `` i am , you are , he/she/it is , they are , we are '' for every verb that exists ) . 
  they learn the same things over and over again with very little new content or change , which makes learning languages just terrible for the kids . 
  they should be making the language fun and applying it to real-life situations in order to promote language retention , but instead , it 's written exercises and presentations in front of the class . 
  so there 's really a combination of factors at play here , with a real focus on the way that the education system works . 
  edit : tl ; dr : a fierce cultural pride , combined with a system of french dubbing , a lack of english exposure and a perfection-based school system is the reason why many french people have trouble learning english . 
  source : i 'm an american who was brought over to teach french kids english , ended up staying . 
  i studied second language acquisition pretty heavily in undergrad . 
  i 'm okay with this . 
  keeps people like me employed, 
  i 'm just a poor boy, 
  open your eyes, 
  dont feel bad outrageous sock , i 'm a fellow ginger and i feel your pain . 
  except i 'm american living in france - so the french think i 'm anglaise ( i 've also had german , irish , belgian , swiss , russian , and so on ) . 
  had a dude at a market insist that i was irish because of my skin and hair . 
  i dont know why but this is really cute to me, 
  macron is not all * that * left all things considered . 
  it 's like pseudo left . 
  i feel like writing arabic is surprisingly easy . 
  pronunciation and grammar is another ballgame but actually writing it is n't bad at all . 
  it seems like minimalist tattoos are a thing here-just simple line art . 
  i could see the french getting tattoos about their depts ( especially the bretons ) but other than that nah . 
  i once saw a dude who had the outline of la manche on his arm ( which is extra funny because manche is sleeve ), 
  i 'm a foreigner who speaks french ( native anglophone ) . 
  but i 'm hella cheating ( being an expat in france and all ) otherwise op \u304a\u3052\u3093\u304d\u3067\u3059\u304b \u3002, 
  german chocolate cake comes to mind . 
  i live in normandy and i do n't get a lot of shame from collaboration concerning the occupation .
