  a lot of history around here not only focuses on the liberation and d-day , but also la r\u00e9sistance , for which you guys should be incredibly proud . 
  it 's not easy to resist an occupying force like the wwii era german army , but some of the stories of la r\u00e9sistance here would shock you . 
  i ca n't imagine the amount of courage you would have to have to be a part of la r\u00e9sistance . 
  i would have collaborated if it meant keeping my family alive . 
  american in france , i feel your pain . 
  i 've been here a while , so i do n't get it so often . 
  i just get frustrated when i ask someone to explain a new word and they start looking for the english equivalent . 
  i do n't need a translation , i just need to know what it means !, 
  goes exactly the same way in english for french . 
  if you try to pronounce words with the right accent , you 're basically a tool . 
  i. . . do n't ... know ... do i pronounce the english words correctly and be misunderstood or do i pronounce them terribly so people will understand me ? 
  do i pronounce the french words with a french accent and sound like an elitist snob , or do i tear my own ears off and throw them into oncoming traffic and pronounce them with a terrible accent in english ? 
  exactly , and family guy has a lot of cultural references that tend to not connect . 
  so american dad works surprisingly well here , but the french do n't get family guy at all . 
  yeah ... there 's nothing refined about western europe . 
  the same exact people you find in the states exist more or less everywhere . 
  i 'm an american expat , and i get how you feel . 
  i was feeling the same way when i left . 
  here 's my advice if you really want to do this : * understand that other countries may not have the same problems as in the us , but they have their own problems which are sometimes worse . 
  * understand that you have no ** right ** to live in any other country by way of your american citizenship or your perceived heritage . 
  * understand that you need to think about how your presence will positively impact your host country . 
  that whole ask not what your country can do for you stuff . 
  it 's nice to go somewhere with all these benefits , but what do you have to offer the country in return ? 
  how will you make it better ? 
  are you prepared to adopt and assimilate another culture/language/way of life ? 
  are you prepared for the sacrifices of expat life ? 
  i 'm not trying to be hard on you , i 'm only asking you the questions i wish someone had asked me . 
  regardless , this is n't the sub reddit for you . 
  you might want to check out / r/iwantout . 
  american living in france here . 
  my partner recently had a bad case of food poisoning . 
  we had a doctor come to our house to check on him , who later called an ambulance for him . 
  we were in the er and they performed 5 tests on him just to be sure that it was n't anything serious and kept him hydrated on an iv drip . 
  they later gave us medicine to ease his symptoms , but we spent nearly the whole day in the er . 
  we got the bill a few weeks later : 6 $, 
  i might live a little low for your question ( ~ 50 \u00b0 n ) . 
  in any case , when i first moved here , the sunlight tripped me out . 
  in the summer ( and even now , really ) it 's light until about 11 o ' clock at night . 
  in the winter , it starts getting dark at 4/5 , and getting up in the morning is depressing because it is still dark when you leave . 
  i 've seen it not get completely light out until 9 am . 
  in the summer , however , it starts lightening up around 4-5 am . 
  i 've been out before with friends and just not realized how late it was because i still ca n't get used to 10 o ' clock looking like 8 o ' clock . 
  i cant remember . 
  they usually come in 25 or 50 cl, 
  +1 for poe, 
  it 's hard to say . 
  i live in a town that is frequented by tourists , so menus in english are n't unheard of . 
  just use your instinct - if it looks like a tourist trap , it probably is . 
  yeah you got ta know where not to go , you know ? 
  for example if you look inside a restaurant and there are cloth tablecloths and waiters in suits , you 're probably in for an expensive time . 
  also , a lot of restaurants offer a menu displayed outside so you can check out what they have and their price range before even going inside . 
  in my city , it 's usually about 3 $ or so . 
  it 's less for a 16 for example , but i tend to drink heavier beers anyway . 
  i ca n't agree more . 
  i did undergrad in the states and grad in france . 
  it 's opened a lot of doors for me . 
  the fact that i 'm fluent in french makes life so much easier . 
  locals are nicer , i understand things . 
  i ca n't imagine living my daily life speaking the same level of french that i spoke when i first got here . 
  i can speak from the perspective of an american who has lived in france for almost 6 years . 
  realistically speaking , it 's difficult to find a job in europe as an american living in the us . 
  as americans , we have a disadvantage here : the dreaded visa . 
  when a company hires someone that is n't french , for example , they need to prove to the prefecture that the person in question can do this job better than any french person or any european person . 
  visa sponsorship through a job is pretty hard to get for this reason . 
  first - do you speak french or italian ? 
  what can you bring to a business that a french or italian person who speaks english can not ? 
  why is someone going to hire you over a european who probably speaks a minimum of 3 languages and went to a school that 's just as good as yours was ? 
  i do n't mean to discourage you . 
  it 's definitely possible - but you just need to play your cards right . 
  i did it through teaching english and getting myself into a position where i did n't need a visa to stay , which was an added bonus for companies looking to hire anglophones . 
  alternatively , you can come do a year of teaching , bone up your french/italian , and from there go to grad school here . 
  protip : it 's free . 
  that way , at the end of your grad program , you 'll have an even better handle on the language and a network in place to help you find a job . 
  tl ; dr : it 's hard , and barely possible . 
  try going through another channel first . 
  feel free to pm me if you have any other questions . 
  i also recommend / r/iwantout, 
  i live in a medium sized city ( 100k ) and eating out is quite affordable . 
  i can usually eat for under 12 $ at a sit-down restaurant . 
  beer can run you as cheap as 3 $ , and good beer will probably be around 4 $ . 
  same thing with wine . 
  i feel like portions are good too - it 's definitely not as much as the us for example - but i 've never left a restaurant hungry . 
  dutch peanut butter is off the hook . 
  it 's all i could find at first in france and it 's just amazing . 
  now they stock american peanut butters , but i still go for the dutch stuff . 
  it 's so natural tasting . 
  france has snickers everywhere . 
  i do n't remember seeing them at half mast here , but on the way to paris the traffic monitors all said `` nous sommes tous bruxelles '' ( we are all brussels ), 
  my salary is n't particularly relevant for this thread so i 'll give my partners : 26000 $ / software developer/it in not parisian france, 
  yeah that sounds about right . 
  i have a friend in romania making minimum wage and it 's something between 300 and 400 $ a month, 
  underappreciated comment of the thread right here . 
  on another note , romanian bureaucracy is worse than the french ? 
  * damn *, 
  damn straight it is . 
  i live across the channel from england - there are so many tourists that use the ferry !, 
  welp . 
  i knew it was a matter of time, 
  dude , stop . 
  i 'm american and an expat in europe .
