  i might test it later and report with if you have to hit them or not . 
  why is it a trend on this subreddit to refer to vonderhaar when he 's not involved in zombies at all ? 
  thanks , definitely safer than my strat . 
  do n't think that 's how it works ... 
  i 'd like the op one instead with an island in the middle . 
  so you 're saying there * is * a chance there 's crack cocaine ? 
  i actually did download witcher but i have n't played that much . 
  good on you , thanks . 
  that 's happened to me a fair amount of times , i always end up killing myself . 
  i do n't think it 's great at longer ranges than a shotgun is useful . 
  yeah , it 's just the one . 
  i 'm not sure why i 'm getting downvotes when it 's actually true . 
  actually i 'm 90 % sure i had invincibly activated but i had just turned off the hud . 
  at what point is it technically considered a helicopter ? 
  ghostmw2awsome , i already have elemental monkey . 
  never heard of this before , have you tried deleting and re-downloading the dlc ? 
  either your disk ( or if you have digital try re-downloading ) or your ps3s gpu is dying . 
  not sure if you can delete individual dlcs but worst case scenario is just deleting your bo2 game save and re-downloading any dlcs you have . 
  ( make sure not to delete your campaign file if you wan na keep your progress ), 
  sorry if this does n't fix it , motd is a great map . 
  honestly new gen consoles do n't really have the problem of hackers . 
  old gen and pc have lots of hackers . 
  specially the penis hanging out part . 
  7/11 was a part time job . 
  404 is fairly common but nothing other than that . 
  what ? 
  dude , stfu . 
  lmao, 
  why did your mom cry ? 
  `` oh god , i did n't think this one would turn out retarded '' ? 
  thought you said `` went down on him '' and was very confused . 
  i think he meant that he could n't pay with a $ 5 bill . 
  wow , this last year has n't been nice to him . 
  yeah , the hydra is a lot of fun . 
  i use it a lot just playing solo and flying around and doing stunts and stuff . 
  right . 
  one i use all the time is barrel rolling to break the auto-lock on console . 
  very convenient if someone is spraying you , you can barrel roll away and break their aimbotness . 
  that movie 's amazing . 
  i have like 800 + hours on gtav and still find new stuff/details every time i log on . 
  yeah sorry , not used to that . 
  so it 's already a helicopter ? 
  is n't this agains some sort of tos ? 
  a bunch of metro redux games are on sale on store right now , which one should i get ? 
  i have , i wonder if the cat liked it . 
  i 've heard that you 'd overdose at around 1000 hits . 
  might be wrong though . 
  because the comments do n't match the number of comments it says . 
  you think it 'll be ? 
  might be too op . 
  i meant the pacstandard double money and rp . 
  oh , i meant 2033 , last light and normal . 
  which is better ? 
  yeah , except the fleeca but it does n't really count . 
  i have no idea , i do n't do drugs but i like reading about it . 
  will do , sorry . 
  the atmosphere is amazing though . 
  add north yankton , and an island in the middle of that body of water above las venturas and i 'm sold . 
  i feel like i 'd prefer to be told something like `` if you have n't done anything illegal i will release you in a few minutes . '', 
  i have a clip on my ps4 of me killing two campers because i saw their laser on the floor in front of me and found out where they were . 
  i 'm not home right now but if i remember i 'll gif it when i get back . 
  well to be fair , in tlou you could cap the fps which is also a naughty dog ps exclusive . 
  he looks like bill murray imo :p, 
  there 's definitely gon na be some more , i think nick 's going for bi-weekly . 
  possible special guest next episode that i 'm probably not allowed to talk about . 
  i wish netflix supported blu ray , hdmi is so shitty : - /, 
  the scroll wheel on mine is really weird . 
  when i try scrolling it just jitters up and down . 
  it 's a 4 year old game . 
  not 10 . 
  is that why people got pissed about the whole fph thing ? 
  not because it 's illegal , just offensive and it got banned ? 
  he was referring to the other comment that said it was . 
  i 've heard that the highest refresh rate on any monitor is 480 but not sure if that 's true . 
  * starts crying * the law did change me :(, 
  just real quick , do you guys prefer headset or speaker surround ? 
  i was going to buy last light as well but i did n't have enough money in my psn wallet . 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't check but is it my psn ? 
  no it 's not , it says in the fucking sidebar that it 's not . 
  link ? 
  no , on ps3 . 
  thanks . 
  got downvoted for saying this a while ago . 
  [ thank you so much . 
  nice , have n't seen that before :p, 
  this is from my friends perspective , i 'm the one who got counter-knifed . 
  edit : this is now my top post of all time , thanks guys :p, 
  yeah , it 's my friends perspective in the clip . 
  i usually wait and spray them the second they pull out their weapon . 
  `` actually i 'm pretty sure that you can see through the mirrors on certain cars . '', 
  yeah , if you look frame by frame you could see that he was already shooting at me and because it 's hardcore he wouldve killed me while i was reloading . 
  ( also i had a grenade launcher out . ), 
  honestly ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic , i do n't play metro much so i do n't have a lot of experience . 
  oh man are you the youtuber guy ? 
  no , i mostly play golmund or seige . 
  yeah , that 's what i figured . 
  it was my friend but yeah . 
  nah , we were having a great time , it was like 4 am and we were laughing our asses off . 
  i think it was just that the lava was thigh deep and he fell onto it . 
  i feel like this game is actually being developed , contrary to games like dayz that are almost exactly the same as at launch .
