  he has about the same amount of screen time and talking as anh , maybe even more , the cgi does n't quite look 100 % imo but they did a better job on leia at the end . 
  it 's not bad or anything , just a tiny bit off . 
  the cgi does n't quite look 100 % imo but they did a better job on leia at the end . 
  it 's not bad or anything , just a tiny bit off . 
  it felt more like variations of the og songs , not terrible but not mind blowing . 
  the imperial march is played once iirc and it 's amazing . 
  i think it 's at the end when vader goes slaughter house on the rebels . 
  the ending seems to be < 1 hour before anh . 
  i was wondering about those guys , i thought they were the mos eisley fiends . 
  only problem with an obi wan cameo is that he would be old ben , not young jedi like i was hoping for . 
  maybe if they had it take place soon after the clone wars we could 've seen some young obi badassery but oh well . 
  agreed , leia was great imo but tarkin was a bit off . 
  vader being so amped up about the plans in the beginning of anh makes so much more sense after this movie . 
  ah , thanks . 
  did you see the screenshots someone posted of the lighting being perfect in the 5.2 gameplay ? 
  no need to put `` pm '' after 17 or 18 . 
  also , cet is eu time right ? 
  hour after uk ? 
  what does exactly ? 
  i 've noticed fuze and glaz does n't seem to work , any others i should avoid ? 
  yeah , you never really understood what they meant but in this movie just him coming there for himself is crazy , and you see his rage trying to stop the rebels and when they get away you just understand that this is a man you do n't wan na fuck with , tying in nicely with his anger at the beginning on anh . 
  ps4 player here , ;(, 
  it 'll come when it 's time , never having a sequel and just building on the existing one would n't be possible because of some of the improvements i 'd like to see being fundamentally built into the game . 
  they also need to make it so they do n't give away your weapon in the killfeed and so that they do n't make a `` death skull '' when you kill someone . 
  a lot of people just walk when they 're in pain , probably what happened here . 
  that 's what happens when you raise a commie . 
  probably made all the episodes at the same time , and out of order so they had n't planned on that being the pilot . 
  i did n't mind tarkin , it 's just that i could tell , anytime he was on screen . 
  \\  walking to catch the bus to work . 
  \\  barely reach the stop in time . 
  \\  get on . 
  \\  start screaming `` thank god '' at the top of my lungs several times . 
  relevant username . 
  yeah ? 
  what port does it have ? 
  just standard aux or usb ? 
  does it work well for ps4 or is it more of a pc headset ? 
  that sounds great , how about for ps4 ? 
  sounds good , contemplating ordering it right now , i have a friend who has it so i 'll just get confirmation from him that there 's no issues , or better alternative for ps4 , thanks fro the help !, 
  i think it looked really good , nice link op . 
  my friend know how to get 7.1 on ps4 so i think i 'm just going with the 2 . 
  yup , not a single person in the us is oppressed , good thing we have such a muslim/gay/immigrant / non-white loving president elect who would never oppress a group of people . 
  lmao , that 's hilarious . 
  she also was n't already president when she started ffs . 
  ysk : when you call obama a muslim all your opinions are immediately invalid . 
  `` why is this subreddit devoted to making fun of politicians making fun of the highest profile politician in the world ?! '', 
  hillary does n't fucking matter , she lost , stop defending trump 's idiocy with `` b-but , h-hillary '', 
  itt : people triggered that a sub devoted to making fun of politicians is making fun of politicians . 
  ok , i 'll take the bait , based on what evidence ? 
  oh , sorry , the first link i found for both of them were around $ 200 or $ 299 . 
  apparently if you just plug it into the usb and hit the button , maybe mess with the settings a bit , my friend did n't explain it very well . 
  yes please !, 
  this truly is the year of memes . 
  15:00 central european time , this involves norway , sweden , denmark , germany , france , italy , the netherlands , spain , portugal and a bunch more , as well as many african countries . 
  huh , according to my friend the usb is 7.1, 
  me too , the camo and charm are n't even that good but man if i do n't support these devs any chance i get . 
  another year like this is easily worth that price . 
  they should hire an artist to make cute illustrations like the spanish girl and tachanka for more patch notes , like the hostage being ruined by the extra fuze , thermite and hibana crying about the extra battery and things like that . 
  idk if you know but i was making fun of trump supporters . 
  i mean , it is realistic since the top goes off when you cook a frag . 
  because taken out of context it looks like not even the people attending his own event wan na clap for him . 
  `` here 's my girlfriends ass , upvotes to the left '', 
  i just mean that if you 're using a silencer they should n't be able to see what weapon you 're using or where you killed them , not that they should n't know , the normal `` 5-4 '' should still show up and there could be an icon in the killfeed , just not the weapon . 
  i 'm just saying that there 's no point in telling people here to `` deal with it '' because he 's president and this sub is devoted to making fun of high profile politicians . 
  i did n't know that existed until after i had the game for several months , it was like finding out that my showerhead is secretly a camera . 
  today , comes out on the hour for ps4 . 
  on the hour ( 10 mins from this post ) for ps4 , a bit later for pc i believe . 
  scrolling on mac is awkward and unresponsive too , very annoying . 
  thanks , i just ordered them , hopeful that they 're what i 'm looking for !, 
  right now , servers just went down on ps4 . 
  it 's out on ps4 now , you got it wrong . 
  the other guy was also wrong , it just came out now . 
  can you use the 7.1 on your ps4 ? 
  if you hold it for too long it explodes in your hand , and you ca n't un-cook a grenade in real life . 
  you mean , like stairs ? 
  is this an issue for people ? 
  cold war presumably , have n't checked the date so i 'm not sure , will check it out . 
  i 'm in the game right now and it 's not there . 
  why 's that ? 
  is n't it live for everyone ? 
  ah , rip , it 's not all that interesting so far , chanka keeps getting insta-picked and dying . 
  i 'm in norway and i 'm playing it right now , on pc and xb it 's later though . 
  i just realized that this is synonymous with `` triggered '' . 
  he tries to help people in war torn countries so he must practice their religion , flawless evidence right there . 
  from the last time this was posted : it does n't actually have that long-a hangtime , it 's just been converted from 60fps so it 's distorted . 
  obviously , also so we can keep track of which golf course obama 's on . 
  no , i guess my brain just treats them like normal stairs ... 
  interesting for sure . 
  why do they seem to think that europe is the lawless uncivilized land in this situation ? 
  do n't have any other controllers and it 's not an issue with the headphones . 
  got it in april of 2014 but i bought it used i think . 
  i do n't get why they 're so damn expensive , a new controller is nearly 25 % more than a aaa game . 
  i do n't understand what you mean , that he 's sending christian soldiers , or that he 's taking in more muslims than christians . 
  that explains the clip i got of shooting bb directly in the face twice . 
  i saw this in the stream but forgot to mention it . 
  jager putting on condom : `` you can stop worrying about aids now '', 
  j\u00e4ger putting on a condom : `` you can stop worrying about aids now . '', 
  it 's a joke . 
  `` rainbow six but every time someone says they want realistic headgear they add bullshit '', 
  lol , yeah , especially when they look away and focus on something else .
