  literally hitler . 
  haha , okay . 
  well , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ye1hsuv.jpg ) sure says otherwise . 
  6 minutes into the video and he still has n't started the game , you 're right , i am getting frustrated . 
  i just thought it was really annoying how you constantly had to lock on to the person you were trying to hit . 
  i 've had about 6 hours of sleep over the last 4 days so i 'm a bit slow at times . 
  sorry , i do n't have a pc , i just know that turning on 144hz can make the map not load properly . 
  but what about all the people posting gameplay ? 
  when i read that title i thought of barney the dinosaur, 
  i know, 
  thought it was real for a second then i realized that no one would wear that t-shirt . 
  then again , i 'm surprised they managed 30fps on xbone . 
  i 'm gon na start wearing a t-shirt like that and get my friend to get that tattoo on his face just to make people think i 'm good at ps . 
  wait ... really ? 
  link ? 
  [ relevant . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/31519v/my_pc_gaming_sister_got_a_vinyl_cutting_machine/cpygw1v ), 
  does it cound if my friend is already a neo-nazi ? 
  nah man , it 's just that the ps4 has literally too much power and it compensates by losing frames . 
  no , i meant the reason the ps4 ca n't do 30fps is because it 's too powerful . 
  i just wan na say that i agree with you even though you 're being downvoted . 
  wait , really ? 
  thanks , i was n't actually kidding, 
  dude , this is like using arkham : knight as the reason pc is worse than console . 
  does the 980ti reach 144fps ? 
  sorry for my ignorance . 
  they need sharkcards . 
  sweet , a friend of mine claims he gets 80-90 at 1080p on his 780 . 
  i do it to get dust off my screen but then again i wash it like every week . 
  i thought your flair meant that you were single and had 32 cats for a second . 
  pretty sure that 's my mixtape you 're thinking of . 
  look , i did n't punch him because he was gay , i just punched him and he turned out to be gay afterwards . 
  it 's pretty hard to hit stuff when you 're that hyped up on adrenaline but still , you 'd think he hit at least one cop . 
  it 's so weird to me seeing stuff like this , in norway we 'd never see this kinda stuff . 
  like last time i was in canada there was some commercial on tv calling out like every other company . 
  is it sad that i would n't really mind 32 cats ? 
  then again i * do * work at a cat shelter and work with like 50 cats daily . 
  sweet , i do n't have a pc so i 'm not that experienced . 
  ah man , 2 years on the 360 . 
  if you ever do plan on upgrading i 'd be happy for you . 
  as a player who got his copy at launch on the ps3 , the ps4 is soo amazing compared to old gen. 
  `` i wo n't rebuttle it , i had a friend there , it 's fucking too soon '', 
  not really a lot different , but there 's such an amazing graphical difference . 
  like sometimes i just walk around with hud/radar off and admire the amazing graphics . 
  yeah , cleanup 's a bitch . 
  i have special work clothes that look like fur coats at this point . 
  i do n't remember what it was for but there was some commercial and the guy was like `` we do n't call out other companies '' and the on-screen captions keeps saying stuff like `` yeah , take that [ rival company ] '' whenever the guy talks about one of the features on the car he 's advertising . 
  oh , i thought it actually called out specific companies/vehicle models . 
  oh , excuse my previous comments then . 
  if it 's not too invasive of me , do you mind me asking what kind of accident ? 
  any link ? 
  i 'm surprisingly interested in seeing this . 
  oh , i 'm assuming you wo n't find it so it 's not worth the trouble just for me . 
  my favourite was ;, 
   `` are you going to answer any of these questions , or do you need stephenie meyer to do a twitter chat first ? '', 
  literally one of my favourite comments ever . 
  oh shit , i stand corrected . 
  thanks man . 
  dang i miss old syndicate , i remember years ago i would use the cellular internet on my old shitty phone late at night when i was supposed to be asleep and just watched his zombies videos . 
  i 'm not blaming him for not doing zombies anymore , i just miss it . 
  can you not tell that the frame rate is higher than 30 ? 
  can you not tell that the frame rate is higher than 30 ? 
  the gif is at 60fps and that 's how i know it 's on pc is what i meant . 
  fuuuuck , as a guy this makes me feel sick . 
  sorry that you had to go through that and sorry on behalf of all half-decent men . 
  probably just some stuff you 've already downloaded because of the dlc . 
  not sure if it works like this but i assumed he just turned his pc clock back . 
  m14 is the shit before round 10 bro . 
  it 's obvious you do n't . 
  zombies players go in depth on every single detail on any picture/trailer released looking for hints . 
  holy shit , both w@w and cod4 betas were exclusive for xbox , relax man . 
  i feel like the only way for it to be fair would be a 7 year ps exclusivity . 
  iw are literally hitler , when was the last time they even made a decent game ? 
  yeah , in conclusion , iw suck . 
  yeah , pc players have just gotten fucked over in terms of cod , but then again they do get all the good parts of gaming that console players do n't . 
  sooo hyped . 
  i really just want all the maps , how about like 2-3 maps per dlc and on the last one they had like all the maps or something ? 
  i know it 'd be a lot of work but i love all the maps but i do n't love my ps3 so i really want them on ps4 . 
  yeah , not sure about that . 
  seems like a big money grab . 
  edit : the digital deluxe was up for preorder before the reveal and already had the season pass bundled . 
  yeah , i 'm super excited because i had already pre-ordered the digital deluxe and i was worried i 'd have to cancel it to get the giant . 
  would n't have *, 
  0:09 , there 's a bus !, 
  this game is gon na be horrible confirmed . 
  * after all the dlcs are out . 
  digital deluxe on store . 
  i do but i 'm a very impatient person . 
  also i do youtube videos so it 's better to get it first . 
  ( ik that 's a bad excuse ), 
  you 're probably just gon na have to buy the season pass as well as the hardened edition . 
  well he * does * have aids . 
  read the title and went `` there are no quick questions about the storyline '' . 
  read the question and went `` oh , nvm . '', 
  oh shit , that was awesome , ca n't wait to see the full hd version of that . 
  i do n't think you get the giant in the season pass . 
  i also found it hilarious in spiderbite 's breakdown how he said, 
  `` yeah , we should n't assume the purple one is phd just because it 's purple '', 
  then 20 secs later, 
  `` yeah , the red one must be jugg , even though i ca n't really make out what the symbol is '',
