  a couple of times he would just drive away from me , across the map . 
  i mean , i miss it , but he was a fucking dick man . 
  that 's fucking racist . 
  what 's 9 +10 ? 
  looks like a shinier version of the existing lazer, 
  * `` well , maybe the fact that i have no doors , my hood and trunk are gone , my car looks like a fucking accordion , and my engine 's on fire . 
  ghostmw2awsome . 
  i hate gold so much . 
  you had that in the holocaust too ... 
  well , yeah , i 'm just saying that the possibility is still there . 
  i 'd personally still choose the slave . 
  would n't it be cool though if you could do this and it would charge your laptop when you plug it in ? 
  really beautiful , makes me miss [ mine ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ip6c1 ) so much . 
  hey !, 
  thanks for doing this ama . 
  my question 's ; how is it working with the other actors of twd ? 
  are there any of them you are closer to than others ? 
  also , i 'd like to add , amazing acting by you and andrew on the mid-season finale !, 
  cold . 
  yeah , what was with that van ? 
  please add me : ghostmw2awsome, 
  hey , add me : ghostmw2awsome . 
  * live in norway, 
  * available every day except christmas until the 5th of jan , after that it 's after 2 pm on school days , and all day on the weekends . 
  * prefer zombies . 
  * no microphone , prefer skype . 
  * age : 15 . 
  haha , yeah sorry , i was really stoned and when i wrote that ... :p, 
  most of the posts on this sub seem reasonable while high . 
  there were a shitton of spoilers ... 
  `` hey , sorry about this , but could you like , please put some money in this bag ? 
  if it 's not like and inconvenience or something . '', 
   `` i hate people who pee in the shower , and get all fucking pissed at people who do n't , calling them liars . 
  i 'm not lying , i 'm just not being disgusting you asshole . '', 
  `` a succulent chinese meal ?! '', 
  have they fixed the `` player needs to complete tutorial '' thing ? 
  for ps3 ? 
  `` he died painlessly !, 
  well , after those last moments of agonizing pain . '', 
  - edward richtofen, 
  i know , there was one on ps3 though . 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  it 's gon na be nice to see how it starts , both in the video game and show the main character is passed out when it starts . 
  and frozen came out in november . 
  hardly . 
  am i the only one it annoys that he does n't actually say bitch in that scene ? 
  sorry , did n't mean it like that , it just seems like no one 's noticed it . 
  can confirm , name 's thomas . 
  would nope the fuck out . 
  i was talking to my friend about this the other day . 
  and if you could break the ice and fall through !, 
  canadian masterrace represent !, 
  yeah , i know , i was just making a point . 
  also , it feels like it 's been longer . 
  haha , thanks , it 's usually to my disadvantage ... :p, 
  i wan na change it but then i 'll lose all that sweet sweet karma . 
  not a lot of it but still . 
  mine too !, 
  the chicks are hot tho , the one on the ~ ~ left ~ ~ right at least . 
  haha , yeah . 
  this was the first year that happened to me :(, 
  is it still on ?!? 
  could you add me ? 
  i 'm at a friends place at the moment . 
  yeah, 
  i agree that you can be fat and a nice person , but if whoever wrote this is n't a troll they should seriously kill themselves . 
  i also live . 
  thanks for letting me and r * know . 
  we were getting worried . 
  yes, 
  more rule34 kim possible . 
  no it 's not . 
  that 's so fucking horrifying . 
  i have the same , 3 aunts , they 're weird as hell . 
  cats or dogs ? 
  they hate us cause they ai n't us . 
  haha , thanks , random question , i just thought this thread was getting too serious . 
  i came . 
  come on , it 's an alien egg man . 
  watermelon ? 
  seriously ? 
  that 's a pretty good deal actually . 
  oh god , i was not ready for the second one . 
  meth , not even once . 
  * you want hamburger ? 
  too bad , you get my cum . 
  my step brother said that once . 
  `` you should n't drink and drive !, 
  you can spill !, 
  itt : sex toy puns . 
  pretty sure it was at least 2 hours before he started getting upvoted . 
  if drinking margaritas and liking katy perry is gay , then who the hell wants to be straight ? 
  i 'm literally rewatching season 1 now , i just started today . 
  good job , spot on !, 
  9/11 with rice . 
  thanks for your suggestion . 
  well , it 's a goat mixed with a moth , it 's not a real animal . 
  can we get an honorable mention or something to the guy that made the `` readr '' extention for chrome ? 
  it 's really convenient for this sub and i feel like he should get at least a mention or something . 
  johnsons johnson shampoo .
