  pronounced `` nuk three town '', 
  yeah i know , was n't sure what to call it and that 's what i said to my friends at the time so i thoght it was a decent title . 
  it even gives you a nice little rainbow hitmarker . 
  i 'm very tempted to but honestly i think there 's more to find on soe . 
  i 'm on ps4 , my psn is ghostmw2awsome ( with awesome spelt wrong ) feel free to add me . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phqjxjzi1je ), 
  yeah haha , they player models are hilarious at times , i love the sliding animation . 
  okay , gon na do that now . 
  i have the recording , i died after like 3 minutes , i 'm bad at that map . 
  i 'm uploading the video to my youtube channel in a bit . 
  you re-pack weapons , not sure how many you can get it on , so far it 's just the locus i 've seen . 
  you could use my video of gameplay with it if you want . 
  or you could just use the image if you want . 
  yeah , i 'm almost cerain it 's on other as well but i have n't confirmed that . 
  i do n't think wonderweapons and the starting pistol , i might be wrong though . 
  in the gif there were like another 10 zombies there that i did n't kill . 
  easter egg , i could tell you how to do it unless you do n't wan na be spoiled . 
  dude get on it , there 's an easter egg to get that and staminup perk machines , and a lot of people have been posting free perks . 
  nope , 
  it 's the rarest one though so good luck on that . 
  idk , they 're assholes . 
  me too lol , that 's why i wrote it . 
  yeah, 
  gives your special grenades , like you i 'm horrible at this map and did n't really get to test it out . 
  yeah , i think everything - wonderweapons and starting pistols . 
  yeah , my friend got it as well and he 's going to try it out on the giant soon , will post results . 
  thanks , i 'll do that . 
  what 's the mrg . 
  looks like it , i just copied it from the list on the weapon kit option . 
  oh right , sorry, 
  yeah , i got it . 
  you can only get 3 at a time ... 
  you 'll need to get new ones . 
  infinite . 
  not when you reach higher levels . 
  i 'm 24 and i 'll get like 3-4 for every round 20 + game . 
  2 hours to 32 ... ? 
  that 's definetley interesting . 
  i 'll do that , from what i 've seen it 's just the 4/5 of them and you ca n't get them on wunderwaffe , ray gun and mr6 . 
  that 's what happened here , in the youtube clip i do n't even hear the zombie until he starts hitting me . 
  i think it 's adaptable , you just need to think differently . 
  that being said i wish there was a `` og mode '' where the ai is more relaxed like black ops 1 or 2 . 
  yeah , i was gon na add a timer in the top corner of the screen but you would n't even be able to notice it before i downed . 
  yeah , that 's what i was wondering , what is there to do on the giant that takes 2 hours to 32 ? 
  yeah i 've noticed that . 
  oh yeah , i was looking at my phone at the time , it was the last zombie of the round and i was just checking my twitter or whatever . 
  it was right after i got the game and had 0 sleep so was very unprepared . 
  yeah lol , also thanks again haha , that res tag . 
  i was stuck , if you see i 'm actually moving a bit , the zombie trapped me . 
  the game tells me like every time i enter beast mode . 
  it was a joke about the death screen music . 
  it was a joke referencing the death screen music . 
  well sorry for trying to bring new content to the sub ... 
  thanks , i 'll add these , the firework does actually kill zombies around it . 
  the giant is sooo good compared to soe , just sayin ' . 
  idek , all i know is i just got 5 of them in a round 23 game . 
  i mean , i know it 's just a `` bonus map '' but from what i 'm hearing from the characters it sounds like we 're gon na get so much more from them . 
  yeah , i did it on soe , my friend did it on the giant . 
  he got the same perks as you , wierd because you can get stamin-up ... 
  it 's a 5 hit down . 
  yes it is ... 
  i have video proof . 
  yeah lol , that show is so inconsistent sometimes . 
  my friend did , it was wierd because he got jugg , speed , double tap , quick revive , mule kick and deadshot . 
  so i guess that means that there 's a possibility ? 
  what level are you though ? 
  yeah , it 's tons of fun . 
  i 'm also getting used to it and it keeps you on edge and feels just different enough to be a different experience but still similar enough to not feel annoying like exo zombies . 
  do you have the giant ? 
  6 hit jugg ? 
  i think someone made it last night because someone ( i think on the / r/blackops3 sub ) made a pun and someone posted that then someone else made it . 
  ( the pun was `` what do you call a kuda with no attatchments ? 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  how do you get 6 hit jugg ? 
  if anyone finds out the * full * ammo count for a gun i 'm missing , please post it in these comments !, 
  no , it 's 5 ... 
  no it 's 5 still . 
  listen to how many time the zombie hits here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8nhjyfwxv8, 
  yeah , that was a thing in waw that took me out of zombies for a while , that you 'd just get stuck in them sometimes , super annoying . 
  yeah , there 's a fine line between a challenge and just random bullshit . 
  yeah me too , the problem is that there 's so many new features and stuff that we do n't know what 's intentional and what 's not ( i.e getting hit while the monkey bomb 's out ), 
  yeah , i know that was n't the best clip , my friend did a test though yesterday and he 's making a youtube video , i could send it to you when he 's uploaded it . 
  so any theories on what to do with this ? 
  oh nice , i 'll test that out now . 
  [ here 's mine :p ] ( https://gfycat.com/fondtintedgrassspider ), 
  yeah , i know . 
  other than that my wonderweapon failed ... 
  yeah thanks , really felt like i needed the max but i probably did n't . 
  oh , thanks . 
  i 've just been trusting everything people have been saying so it might not be 100 % accurate . 
  happened to me a few times too . 
  haha , probably the most reasonable explenation . 
  why you do this ? 
  same as it was in black ops and waw , i could post a tutorial tomorrow if you wanted one . 
  ca n't you just not activate it ? 
  will do , at school right now though . 
  no , they were in ww1 so that 's one of them . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure but i think you 're wrong , the reason being that the 115 from timeskipping is messing with their heads and memories , and when you enter a universe a version of you already exist in you have the memories of your other self . 
  they reference memories in the map that are in the past , present and future . 
  i.e `` i 've fought with you through 3 world wars '' - dempsey,
