  yeah , in the longer clip you can see i was holding an angle , then when i realized that the hostage was unguarded i made a run for him so we did n't have a stupid loss , then this happened . 
  got lizard squad 'd, 
  she did survive for several days . 
  her having a heart attack on a freighter . 
  or just are n't sensitive to the cg . 
  yeah , the actors , the official lazy town yt channel and the song creator all added to the meme . 
  such a great developing meme . 
  although you 're either making a joke or missed the joke , if i was n't being hyperbolic , how would that be sad ? 
  i 'm on defense . 
  i 'm on defense . 
  i was on defense . 
  how is house unbalanced ? 
  i mean , in whose favor ? 
  the weird thing about border for me is that i love , and have so much fun on the 2nd floor , but on the ground floor i absolutely hate it . 
  to be fair this person has exceptionally bad aim , i could show you a clip of me acing on ps4 and it 'd be far better than this . 
  i 'm fine without your condescending life . 
  i would imagine this is because of both console players not being used to mods so they 're unaware with the etiquette and such , or they 're just generally younger . 
  anyone who wants to play skyrim can do so on a console if their parents buy it but pc is a bit more complicated . 
  i 'm not some pcmr asshole btw , console player all my life . 
  writing this in between rounds of rainbow six on my ps4 . 
  thanks , i always hated defending on that map but i thought i was just bad , i still find it fun but i agree it 's a bit fucky . 
  i 'd like to point out though , a reason for this might be because they used it for the e3 demo , and it ended up balanced in the attackers favor for the same reason bartlett u was . 
  just played it a minute ago , loved the round on the top floor , got a few kills downstairs but it still felt gross . 
  still this year ... 
  in the `` month of terror '' there was on average like one every other day i think . 
  `` if i recall correctly correctly '' ? 
  i felt the same as you , picked it up a week ago , it 's a lot of fun , and i definitely think you 'll like it if you liked mafia 2 . 
  yeah , same as when dayz devs said that they 'd have a ps4 release ready in mid-late 20-fucking-15 . 
  i understand that there 's a difference but it 's just that console aim is n't usually this bad . 
  \\  does n't know ken m, 
  `` i 've got pussy hair on me , check that shit out '', 
  this is exactly what console is like , literally nobody ever hits anything . 
  jeez . 
  that aim , pc players in a nutshell amirite . 
  sarcastic you mean ? 
  where in the settings ? 
  i do n't see how he 's `` being ironic '' i understand the irony of the situation though . 
  almost definitely but i got deranked and got a suspension for 15 mins . 
  i 'm joking , i just meant that this guys is incredibly bad and that most console players are pretty good . 
  but sarcasm is a more appropriate word that is in better reference to the situation . 
  as someone who flies across the atlantic a lot : ;(, 
  no more normal shows for the rest of the year though . 
  being called a nigger and someone saying they hope your parents get killed by immigrant is `` gaming culture '' ? 
  i guess it 's time for me to stop gaming then . 
  with no other evidence , i 'd say that the fact that op is matched with him is enough evidence , i have 300/300 internet and i never get matched with americans , from norway . 
  look at the game chat . 
  i honestly thought it was bullshit until yesterday , was literally 17 points from platinum , joined a ranked game , 3-0 , lose , lost 46 god damn ranked points . 
  unless the audio is important , i 'd say definitely gif , videos are so much more inconvenient for most redditors . 
  they do n't allow shaft on tv . 
  but it 's weird that he 's so against it and wo n't drink it but he 'll happily make millions off it . 
  my uncle said that it felt like extreme nausea and loss of muscle control . 
  no but if he 's against alcoholism and does n't want people to die like his brother , that 's why it does n't make sense to me . 
  but because of his brothers death . 
  gfy 's are more compressed than gifvs . 
  `` you mean , like , you do n't want tomatoes or something ? '', 
  `` no just all the same ingredients , but upside down '', 
  `` we need security in here ... '', 
  lol, 
  except for all the concrete evidence for it and millions is scientists who believe . 
  but he does n't drink because of his brothers alcoholism , someone with those motivations would n't want to cause others to become alcoholics either . 
  the peace prize has nothing to do with anyone 's ability to predict the future , how about you give me some good evidence other than `` trump says so '', 
  fair point , that makes more sense than what i was thinking . 
  no , i 'm saying that you 're allowed to have cleavage on tv but not shaft , so tip is different from nip . 
  but wat if pulse was not kill ? 
  ** du du du du du du **, 
  truly spoken like someone that does n't know how to play castle . 
  edit : in case anyone in the future is wondering , it said something along the lines of * `` castle is a terrible op with no practical use , needs a buff '' *, 
  well , according to trump supporters even losing the popular vote is a landslide . 
  lol , literally replace `` trump '' with `` hillary '' here and it 's just as relevant . 
  sure but there 's tons of fake news about hillary too . 
  first one on the list . 
  have you forgotten that they need an actor to have a force ghost ? 
  they ca n't cast her actual ghost . 
  but , it 's literally one of the 10 commandments that you should n't kill , baby or person , how does shooting up an abortion clinic that 'll just be rebuilt get justified ? 
  the only reason i do n't use her is because of [ this ] ( https://gfycat.com/fabulousethicaljohndory ) , i love spamming walls , prefiring and spraying entrances , like in the gif . 
  if it had 30 shots i easily would have won that gunfight with echo . 
  i still play her every now and then but i ca n't stop thinking about that one moment any time i 'm playing her . 
  definitely . 
  agreed , great play but idk how it 's dirty . 
  yeah , bullets are used for so much more than just killing in siege , shooting through walls , suppressing enemies , covering objectives , opening new entrances . 
  i agree that hibana does n't need a mag buff , but she 's just not as viable with my current playstyle . 
  dear lord what a terrible site for mobile . 
  blitz shield too . 
  i think he was referring to the guy who said it was unreasonable , because it was meant sarcastically . 
  it just wo n't load for me , probably just because i 'm on alien blue though . 
  when i did get it to load however i could n't zoom out in portrait mode and when i put it in landscape it 's zoomed in and i ca n't view the whole pic . 
  just curious , how did you even upload it like that ? 
  is n't it far easier to just do gfycat or imgur ? 
  which garage ? 
  no that 's alright , reddit bought out alien blue and cancelled development in favor of their own app , so that 's probably why , any new sites that were n't supported before will probably never get support . 
  ah , that 's alright , are you on ps4 or xb ? 
  i do n't know how i expected the dog to pull that off , but i 'm disappointed . 
  oh god , trying to rapidly rip a splintery log off of your scalp seems like the worst . 
  lol , it 's all good , i was just letting you know . 
  i wo n't even begin to tell you the number of times i 've deleted comments that i left first thing in the morning . 
  ah , not sure then , there 's a relatively simple way to do it on ps4 . 
  why do n't we like john oliver ? 
  not amazing , i liked the ww2 ep but it 's not really that great , maybe next season . 
  this is n't answering any questions . 
  how does this have an / r/all tag after 3 hours and 800 upvotes ?
