  aaand 2 losses ... 
  i believe 100 % to the winners but do n't quote me on that . 
  yeah lol , this is ctm 's mo. 
  well fuck me sideways . 
  george left because he was benched . 
  glaz was n't viable before 2 weeks ago . 
  fair point , that 's interesting . 
  lmao !, 
  idk about retro , allegedly canadian wanted thermite , who 's george 's main . 
  seems like he 's not playing thermite much at the moment tho lol . 
  idk if it 's true and i may be over simplifying a bit . 
  not everything , however the only things you can pay for are cosmetics and currency boosters . 
  there was a reddit thread about him being benched and all the info i have is from speculation/people with more knowledge than me . 
  elevate 4-0 'd , then ctm ended up winning 6-4 after elevate got a tk on round 5 . 
  idk what you mean by the setup , why it 's such a big event ? 
  just for hype and to promote the game to sponsors and to increase longevity . 
  idk about challenger but go4 is just a separate tourney from what i know . 
  it 's a joke . 
  it 's kix , widely regarded as one of the best one man armies in the game , at least a few seasons ago . 
  he 's not on any team that i know of right now , he used to play on the team that 's now known as era iirc . 
  rip coastline :(, 
  not for me, 
  no problem !, 
  no clue why it 's set up this way , maybe to just stretch it out so it lasts for a half season ? 
  yeah , there was lots of speculation before he spoke about it today though , sorry to make you out as the bad guy there , was just repeating what i heard . 
  nice glaz plays earlier , do you think it 's someone worth playing for the rest of the season ? 
  snake sure played him well on chalet . 
  ecl9pse right ? 
  i wish it was george lmao, 
  how so ? 
  holy shit that was fuckin ' nuts, 
  really ? 
  looks like he just missed the shot, 
  that double on big garage was lit . 
  i was n't paying too much attention so i could be very wrong , definitely noticed it should have been a kill . 
  what in the fuck was that one round where they just planted and got fucking crushed ? 
  care to explain ? 
  not a lot of monty but near 100 % glaz . 
  is there a vod of that match ? 
  how do you sign up ? 
  how is cod pay to play ? 
  it 's not pay to play tho , it 's just pay to get a different gun that you can get for free . 
  happened in pro league . 
  it 's interesting that `` parenting '' is a perfectly normal word but `` adulting '' makes me want to choke things . 
  basically telling the enemy team that they 're not even good enough to win against the 2nd most useless operator in the game . 
  exactly , like people saying how terrible it is that a person in a muslim country was killed for listening to `` western music '' , like if only he could seek refuge somewhere ... 
  he was n't an immigrant cuntface . 
  ah man barrage got fuck 'd . 
  ace boys, 
  i do n't really think flufvy 's considered a `` babe '' . 
  he left because ctm want a more aggressive and quick team and george was n't fitting their playstyle . 
  have you watched fox ? 
  the one report i saw was about 35 % namecalling . 
  oh for sure , i meant compared to cnn . 
  should n't it have started ? 
  hit n ' run and battlefront 2 . 
  for those who do n't understand , the top screenshot shows us , the norwegian flag winning against one team and immediately matching up with the team who in the bottom screenshot get 2nd place in the entire cup . 
  it was incredibly close as well . 
  we drew the short end of the stick , being completely new to the competitive scene . 
  xplicit got second place , ps4 . 
  yup  we 'll try again and learn from our mistakes . 
  awesome !, 
  obviously i do n't mean the issues that may arise but thank you for the communication , transparency and clarity . 
  but you still need to be able to see the screen . 
  yes but just any random person getting ghost at over 20 times and being taken hostage 4 times is more than just an issue with population . 
  he was on elevate . 
  just aim and hit r3 quickly and it 'll stay . 
  idk , elevate needed a pc player to carry them :p not too sure to be honest . 
  i 'm saying just any random emt/firefighter , they have 100s of thousands in the u.k. and i doubt anything like this has happened to just 1 of them . 
  you need to press down the touch pad for the scoreboard though . 
  that 's what i 'm saying man , no need to change the scoreboard since they 're different buttons . 
  that is what i 'm saying , the person i replied to said that they could change the scoreboard to the pause screen . 
  yeah sorry , i 'm bad at sentences :(, 
  a little cross made using tape iirc . 
  honestly cod 4 is awful in any aspect other than nostalgia , the remaster just reminded people how terribly unbalanced it was . 
  but they did n't fuck it up , the game is nearly exactly like it was but with cosmetic microtransactions . 
  you lose more points on games you should win on paper , you win more points on games you should n't win on paper , if you barely gain but lose a bunch it 's because you 're playing against bad players . 
  but they change the entire game , it 's not in beta , that 's not how these things work . 
  in the last few days i 've gotten a massive amount of headshot trades , i 'm talking 3-6 times a day , where previously it had happened maybe 10 times total my entire time playing siege . 
  still not ... 
  it 's highlighted at the top of the page . 
  if you get enough accidental teamkills to get a 7 day ban you should remove your trigger button and main rook . 
  servers go out for 8 hours and we get a 50 % booster that we ca n't activate on our own accord ? 
  yeah but they also downgraded it from 100 % to 50 %, 
  it 's somewhere between 10-15 teamkills , depending on how long time you have between them . 
  depends , i believe if you get 2 tks in a ranked game it 's a kick no matter what but in casual it can go to 3 or maybe 4 if you space them out . 
  the 90 day booster might as well be a permanent booster then . 
  devs do n't care about maximizing profits , they just care about taking home a salary and making a fun game . 
  nobody wants to make a bad game , they just get rushed by publishers . 
  i did n't know grey played gta . 
  yeah , it 's so that you do n't get a bad team only playing slightly worse teams , then getting to the finals and getting demolished . 
  yeah , if only there were a game like that , they could even call it `` battlefront 2 '' and have it come out over a decade ago ... 
  why would they ? 
  they only get their salary regardless of how fast they make it . 
  sure they do n't want the game to flop but i do n't think most game developers want their game to be unfinished rather than unpopular . 
  fair point , coulda won if he had 1100 rpm there . 
  yes it is . 
  i do n't know if he noticed that the hibana bug happened , i doubt he 'd try to cover it up when someone said it in the gamechat on stream and they mentioned it as an issue a few times in invitational . 
  so lucky they won that round , great play by pengu . 
  he 's focusing on youtube from what i know .
