  i 'd say 25-30 is a pretty average highest round , mine is 58 and i feel like i 'm bad at zombies . 
  yup , lost a perkaholic the other day because a friend of mine decided he * needed * one for the easter egg on soe . 
  luckily i still have 3 though . 
  basically it 's just if someone uses a gobblegum it 'll take from someone else in the game . 
  ( neither me nor the other guy was host so that 's why i say anyone ), 
  just my thoughts . 
  holy shit have you seen the revenge of the sith trailer ? 
  i watched it yesterday and thought it was a fan thing with just a general outline of the movie . 
  yeah , zombies is the highlight of any dlc for me . 
  and i do n't think anyone will argue that the mp maps are more effort . 
  \u270b \u270b \u270b \u270b \u270b hol ' up hol ' up \u270b \u270b looks like we got a master memer over here hold on to your panties ladies ! fuccbois better back the hell \u2b06 up \u2b06 this absolute maa ^ aaaadman !! 1 !, 
  all you other aspiring memers mm ^ might as w ^ wwell give up !, 
  cuse this guy is as good as it gets !, 
  blast furnace is much better than turned for training . 
  lol idk why you 're being downvoted . 
  your post is related to zombies , i guess people around here just hate exo zombies . 
  i 'm confused , is it the same actor guy ? 
  why not ? 
  this is why i love the wallrunning , it just adds so many more layers to the old point and click cod used to be . 
  there is master prestige in zombies ... 
  haha , literally downloading sw and jc right now swapping between the two waiting silently . 
  oh , that was n't the intense ecstasy i 've heard it is , would n't hurt to do it again because it 's not as addictive as i thought it 'd be . 
  excuse the pacing , colours and whatnot . 
  will correct some mistakes or dislikes when i wake up if this post gets any attention . 
  [ video version with the text ] ( https://youtu.be/l2lzbnhqubs ) , [ tabletalk ( 4:43 ) ] ( https://youtu.be/qdmxnvqvgwk?t=4m43s ), 
  awesome !, 
  thanks !, 
  it 's called a bribe . 
  yup , i do n't remember the last time i said i had pains somewhere without my mom saying it 's because of video games . 
  idk , you make a fair point , they could arrest them for interfering with police investigation or something , it 's definitely a really weird situation . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i wish they brought gersch back though . 
  imo the mp is more powerful . 
  but why ... ? 
  i like how given up he sounds during that quote , `` agh damn , they 're tryna fetch our souls again '', 
  do n't have a specific one but `` everyone , remember to close your mouths when they explo -- * spits * '', 
  when killing a nova crawler on kino i think . 
  hahaha !, 
  that 's what that 's from , the first time i heard it i was playing with a friend who was playing as takeo and i though richtofen was addressing him when i walked over to him after buying qr . 
  lol idk why you 're being downvoted , is it unreasonable to assume that the next generation of consoles will have better performance ? 
  for me the pharo was worst . 
  i have everything , all attachments and all red hex :p, 
  will buy gold for someone if they use it for all of 2016 and sends pics in a year . 
  haha yeah , that 's what i meant . 
  it 's a conspiracy to unsatisfy everyone from this sub . 
  that 'll be next years problem . 
  you kinda look like me . 
  oh rip , i 'm probably gon na do that eventually, 
  he said in his ama that he regretted not being able to finish it in time to have it on the album, 
  above the law 'cause i do n't believe in police either . 
  to be fair , although were supposed to have hair it 's completely useless as a useful heat source nowadays , with the exception of maybe head and/or beards . 
  ah right , this is coming from a man who 's always hairy so maybe i 'm just being stupid . 
  although you not having leg hair vs having leg hair probably does n't mean the difference between life and death in today 's society . 
  haha , alright :p, 
  hate that sight so much . 
  ok , first of all ; it 's cum-onnable , not cummable onable , second of all ; very . 
  1 year `` were the memes any good ? '', 
  tempted to get it , is it worth it or should i get something else for the $ 20 i have in my wallet ? 
  there should be the normal monty 's factory as well as another thing that 's maybe 5 ld for an ` advanced supply drop ' and 2-3 for a normal one . 
  3arch . 
  if you 're & lt ; 16 : `` my mom said i ca n't go '', 
  edit : i meant lesser than , not greater than , pls stop telling me . 
  ** very mild sw spoiler **, 
  it disappoints me that this scene is n't in the movie . 
   but tank with credit cards, 
   when credit card companies come to kill you you have a tank . 
  some people are * very * sensitive about that stuff . 
  my thought too , if you 've seen the movie though it does n't make a lot of sense for him to have his mask on in that scene though . 
  what did you like ` before it was cool ' ? 
  if you 're less than 16 , that 's what i meant . 
   = greater than, 
  no just the knights of ren part . 
  if you 're lesser than 16 ... 
  scientology . 
  no , sorry . 
  holy shit that 's insane to think about next time i 'm in a game of black ops 3 . 
  yeah , to take it one step further , the only `` amazing pilots '' we 've heard of before ( in the movies ) have been anakin and luke , which leads me to believe poe is luke 's son . 
  calling it now there will be a scene in the next movie where luke comes back and says `` son '' or something when he sees poe . 
  i 'm just gon na say , poe skywalker is gon na be a thing in the next movie . 
  `` you 've got the part ! '', 
  `` i know . '', 
  nubmer 3 : ah george you ol' pervert, 
  mace windy as well . 
  ugh , redditors saying `` daesh '', 
  they also hate being called isis . 
  it 's not like they 're gon na go on reddit and say `` well this one guy on my he internet called us something we do n't like , we might as well just stop being evil at this point . '', 
  oh man , i did n't know about this because my game locks when my internet is disconnected ... 
  damn it , my psn is activated at a different ps4 so i ca n't play it offline :( oh well i guess i 'll play something else . 
  no i mean i ca n't start the app if i 'm not connected to the internet . 
  lol i was n't joking , the original draft had a character named `` mace windi '', 
  ca n't it 's already done on a different ps4 . 
  argh , i do n't remember where from but there was a yt video i watched like a week ago where the person in the video said that in the very first draft of the first movie it started something like `` follow the adventures of powerful jedi , mace windi '' or something along those lines . 
  no it 's because my ps4 is n't set as my primary account . 
  yeah lmao , they 're over charging hard on those games . 
  definetley help , hell does n't make sense with the thing at the top of the ` p ' . 
  ugh , the way that kid is jumping physically makes me hurt , remind me to never have kids . 
  go ahead and downvote me , i hate toddlers . 
  if i ever get 4m views on youtube i 'll buy one and do whatever people request with it . 
  hitting your daughter is never ok . 
  why kick snow at it though , just make sure it does n't jump over the fence .
