  like louis c.k. 
  said , `` fuck you , maybe i 'll do the second half gay '' . 
  would be terribly unbalanced . 
  would be terribly unbalanced . 
  looks pretty unnatural imo . 
  it is gameplay , they had several unscripted games streamed afterwards that looked the same . 
  that 's what happens when you lock it at 60 ... 
  actually the settings are near indiscernible from pc , not that they 're all that impressive though . 
  ps4 player here , usually 70-90 , are you on xb ? 
  you can turn th to 80-90 on ps4 . 
  true , great joke nonetheless but it would work better if games actually ran at 30 on console . 
  new gen consoles have n't been jailbreaked yet , it 's impossible on rainbow . 
  why is there a r6 pc community ? 
  should n't it just be the r6 community ? 
  why does everyone get a notification when someone gets banned ? 
  what ? 
  lol , thanks, 
  seems annoying though . 
  yeah but it does n't seem like there 's any reason for it ... ? 
  e : why ca n't anyone have an opinion without getting downvoted ? 
  they must get 10m visitors/day , conservatively , and assuming 1 % of people give $ 5 every day , that 's $ 500,000 / day just from donations . 
  tfw rainbow 6 . 
  til every single person on the internet is shitty . 
  jk , i knew that years ago . 
  i know , the post is mostly just making fun of annoying people who need to point out every single time anyone does anything dumb on console . 
  also i wanted to show off :p, 
  thank you , come again . 
  does n't annoy me , it just feels like if you got a text from the police every time they arrested a murderer . 
  yeah but it 's not a myth , you ca n't , as of now . 
  what are the roots ? 
  63 vertical, 
  83 horizontal, 
  30 ads, 
  10 % dead zone, 
  well we were talking about hacks on rainbow if you forgot ... 
  maybe she 's secretly on birth control without knowing . 
  do n't be silly , only muslims can rape people . 
  trump is a petty fucking idiot , most people who first read that headline believed it because of what a joke he is . 
  exactly , it 's by no means proven as fake , it 's even pretty likely , because of the people that believe it , but many people , like myself , examine the facts before forming an opinion . 
  but it 's not like they vanished ... she spent that money on a campaign and almost won , trump is just an idiot . 
  silly , you 're arguing with a trump supporter , do n't expect logic or facts . 
  many of them still do ... 
   there 's literally nobody left denying it, 
  well , no * rational * people . 
  what tunnel ? 
  like the construction tunnel or the hallway ? 
  i feel you man , any time i post anything to a gaming sub , every minuscule detail about the clip gets pointed out . 
  same with castle . 
  ah , thanks , i usually just say construction , i was unsure if you meant the hallway though . 
  really ? 
  why do n't you keep it in your pocket ? 
  i think it comes with not wanting to carry around a slippery rectangle when you have pockets , i do n't know anyone who carries it that much . 
  are you male or female though ? 
  interesting , i 'd imagine it 's fairly common for women because they do n't have pockets a lot of the time . 
  i do n't have any reason other than that many , many americans are fucking dumb . 
  it reminds me of when someone criticizes stupid shit in a show like the walking dead and someone replies with `` do you think the zombies are too unrealistic too ? '', 
  like , no bitch i think the writers of this show are unrealistically shit . 
  they like to feel like what they said made someone else angry because they get neglected outside of the internet and are unable to feel fulfilled . 
  do they actually knock out laser sights ? 
  they do n't have the ump . 
  how does one get into the pro league ? 
  i 'd be interested in gathering a squad . 
  i knew about optics , i just never run laser sight . 
  mp5 & p90 yeah . 
  if it does n't automatically go there , skip to 2:48 . 
  2 things that make this extra idiotic , he says that he does n't care about celebrities , then says a literal second later that he 'll have the biggest celebrities in the world there , in addition to that , it 's simply a complete and utter [ lie . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/t7p6ozmvinay.png ), 
  ah , thanks , i have n't seen that it 's the 58th anywhere . 
  i would imagine that they found out who was doing it last season . 
  laughing so hard lol, 
  sounds about right . 
  now going for the more direct approach of naming the dlcs after what they 're gon na do to blackbeard 's shield . 
  i 'm a console player , but i honestly believe that a wii controller , if correctly calibrated , could be more accurate than a normal controller . 
  yeah , my biggest wish for y2 is a ui overhaul , it 's truly the only thing left that i hate about the game , i always hate buying universal camos entirely because of the terrible system . 
  i 'm not saying they should n't do it , but i do n't think respawning and rushing for kills is what people play siege for . 
  i 'd probably not play it more than 2 or 3 times . 
  it was originally , they changed it to poland because of the politics and general controversy in the region regarding these topics . 
  i see your point but why not do casual ? 
  lol , like you 'd see his dick at all . 
  sorry that we 're busy focusing on actual political issues rather than getting triggered that people we insult downvote us . 
  go back to your safe space , snowflake . 
  yeah , is n't this a breach of a host of rules ? 
  sorry that i have hobbies other than spending a day upvoting every post on a subreddit because other people 's opinions got me triggered . 
  interesting , if they perfected motion control i would imagine it could soon outmatch any controller . 
  yeah , t_d constantly talked about how strong and fit he was , while saying that hillary was the out-of-shape one . 
  i 'm not tryna say that hillary looked like a model or anything but trump most certainly looks like the disgusting obese cunt that he is . 
  yeah , i 'm thinking that when they ban t_d they 'll have to ban us too because if not some trumpeters would get mega triggered , but i 'm fine with that , we 're here to respond to their retardedness with reason and if they get banned we might as well too . 
  yeah , what happened was that it hit the front page , when it got near the top it started declining in upvoted because nobody likes their shit , after about 30 mins it 's at 0 points , then they all start saying that they refreshed it and it went from 10,000 to 0 in a matter of seconds , which is literally just untrue . 
  after which they decided that it must be the evil liberal reddit admins that are suppressing their opinion so the entire sub gets ballistically triggered and they break a host of site rules . 
  political humor makes fun of politicians , trump just happens to be the biggest politician . 
  you have a source on that ? 
  i 'm not disputing that but i ca n't think of a single thing he 's done out of kindness . 
  what do you mean `` fo4 leak '' ? 
  / u/its _ epi , would this be possible or are there licensing/trademark issues ? 
  that 'd be dope , i drink tons of coffee and bathroom breaks need to happen quite often . 
  i like to imagine that it turns room temperature as soon as it enters their mouth so they can still burn themselves on coffee and such . 
  but it 's still based on the reddit trademark , no ? 
  the leak said spain , china , israel and south korea so seeing as how it got 2.5 of them correctly i do n't see why it 's unlikely that it was supposed to be israel . 
  for sure . 
  i guess this is where it begins , i 'm trying to stay optimistic , but i am most definitely not expecting this to be a good next 4 years .
