  ah yeah , although i think there might be another surprise in the episode for you that that post did n't spoil . 
  aghhh , it physically hurts . 
  this is what i was referencing but could n't link because i was on mobile : http://i.imgur.com/cxpvoos.png, 
  i know , i was just referencing the seemingly general consensus in this thread . 
  but still , if you 've played anything other than the iw games you should know that they 're pretty different . 
  very true , i have limited experience with that part but i 'm assuming it 's not a good time . 
  have you even played any non iw cod games ? 
  if you had you 'd stop referring to them as `` cookie cutter piece of shit '' . 
  at this point i 'm starting to think you do n't even care about the game and you 're just trolling . 
  yeah , that 's what i thought . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  probably , have n't heard any complaints about it . 
  i highly doubt anyone at activision even saw it before the game came out , and i assume everything has to go through a process , or be worked on by several artists because just having one person work on it seems ripe for awful outcomes . 
  do n't feel like writing out a wall of text but just a few points to dispute :, 
   loadouts , powers , wallrunning, 
  - these things are part of the gameplay , not `` outside of regular gameplay '' as you put it . 
   dumb aesthetic shit, 
  - these are exactly what you said , aesthetic . 
  if they 're an issue literally close your eyes . 
   the kill streaks are also out of control, 
  - this is really just a matter of personal preference , so that 's your opinion and that 's fine . 
  the last part of your comment just has too much wrong for me to write out right now but you get the idea . 
  yeah , i see that . 
  imo the wall-running and boost jumps work well with the gameplay but i definitely get why they 're not for everyone . 
  congrats on being one of the few people reply to me with an actual decent argument , and opinion other than `` cod = recycle '' . 
  crysis ? 
  that 's a first . 
  also one of the most common criticisms of cod is that it 's the `` same garbage every year '' , yet every now and then people say things like this . 
  i really do n't understand these arguments , bo3 still plays very much like a cod game , and imo is n't `` not fucking cod anymore '' by any extent . 
  yeah lol , i went back and watched the first episode a few days ago because it just suddenly popped into my mind for some reason . 
  fuck , i 'm bad at dates apparently lol . 
  i have a deadline for nov 1 and was told it had to be done `` by monday '' so that 's why i assumed sunday was the 31st without checking the dates . 
  just a quick little sidenote , trying to sync up the vocals and instrumental for this took me far longer than i care to admit . 
  still though , black ops 3 was being worked on since 2013 , and titanfall did n't launch until 2014 . 
  interesting , you 're the first person i 've talked to who quit on a treyarch game ... 
  anyways , after bo2 there was ghosts , aw and bo3 , probably the 3 most different successive cod games ever . 
  obviously they 're not all good , but oh well . 
  yeah lol , i 've been asking around all over this thread and from the replies i 've gotten , i 'd say about 99 % of the people saying that it 's shit now , or that it 's the same shit every year , either 1 ) have n't played since pre bo2 . 
  2 ) only hate on iw games , or 3 ) judge based on the trailers . 
  i go back and play older cod games quite a bit and rarely notice much difference in shots registering . 
  yeah , the biggest argument i see against modern cod games is that people just do n't think they 're fun , which is completely fine , i 'm just trying to understand where people are coming from with their criticism . 
  yeah , the only thing i 'd oppose that with is zombies as a gamemode , which , in my opinion is better than bo3 itself . 
  yeah , i 'm just excited for cod 2018 because it 's almost certainly gon na be ww2 or at least an older war . 
  i 'd say mw3 is the main reason people complain about cod being copy paste every year because it 's so similar to mw2 it might as well have been dlc . 
  what i was referring to was iw making mw3 and ghosts , which even if * you * like them , undoubtedly have the worst reputation among fans , and infinite warfare does n't seem like it 's gon na be much of a step up , although i 'm trying to withhold judgement until i get to play the full game . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying at all , i 'm just saying that the publishers do n't usually have much of a say what goes into designing the calling cards . 
  sorry , accidentally hit ' ? ', 
  instead of ' . ', 
  on my phone . 
  i thought it was pretty decent , the mp played very nicely but i 've never been a fan of the weapons in bo3 so that might play into it . 
  i 'm mostly just excited to see if the zombies is any good . 
  ok , that 's fair , from what i 've seen in america grown men very much have the `` i do n't want to be within 10 feet of someone under 15 '' . 
  i ca n't imagine anything where `` just keep pretending the usa is n't the center of your universe '' was justified . 
  i should probably clarify that i meant i was n't ever really into the mgs games , and only every played mgsv on ps4 . 
  i 'm now realizing i should n't have skimmed the comment before criticizing him . 
  presumably , i just thought it was strange there was no reference to it . 
  oh lol , yeah that makes sense . 
  to a degree , i 've been playing the remaster recently and after you get over the initial awe you very quickly notice how many things are stupid , annoying or just unbalanced . 
  respawn were part of iw until 2011 before going to ea iirc , that 's the most likely reason every iw game after 2010 has been pretty bad . 
  there 's a whole bunch of developers ( like raven , who are n't part of the leads but worked on ghosts and made mwr , as well as sledgehammer who worked on mw3 ) , and there are whispers on the wind of another joining the cycle , but the way it 's set up at the moment is a 3 year cycle between treyarch , infinity ward and sledgehammer . 
  yeah , you ca n't really judge shg yet because they only have the one game , but it was n't very impressive at all so i do n't have much faith in them . 
  yeah , but they wined about their free speech and started brigading so it was n't a solution . 
  yeah , i completely get the argument of not liking them because they 're not what you originally liked . 
  oh interesting , i always think the acting looks awful when this is posted . 
  that 's why i guess . 
  please excuse the font , this was when i was still in my , ** ahem ** , * experimental * gif making phase . 
  awesome , great job , this truly is the finale we deserve . 
  i spend way too much time just making random things that pop into my head . 
  yesterday i woke up with `` forgot about dre '' stuck in my head , so i made [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uv-xl7tex8&amp;ab_channel=ghost115 ), 
  a few months ago i accidentally made a post that caused the entirety of / r/battlefield to be angry at a user so i made [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cgscled3e8&amp;ab_channel=ghost115 ) . 
  ( careful with the sound , i forgot to level the audio , it works better on mute anyways ), 
  i spend a lot more time than i probably should doing things like this , but i have fun with it so it 's not entirely wasteful . 
  he had one that was nice and sleek but stopped using it because there was a lot of backlash from the change . 
  lol , idk if it was the same in the original but this song plays during the credits in mwr . 
  oh , fuck me , i went and found the video then closed it and forgot to post it here . 
  i 'd suck a buncha dicks , not even nice ones , like if the person was in a bout of depression so they had n't showered since tuesday . 
  that dick . 
  woah , slow down with that shit here buddy , that 's * our * word . 
  it 's so much fun , although i 've only played the campaign it just feels * right * . 
  one of my favorite subs . 
  yup , / r/codzombies represent !, 
  sorry man , i could find it for you tomorrow but it 's a really old one . 
  the last 8 years this country 's been run by riggers . 
  also worth noting , he got the dates mixed up because the 28th is his court date for his fraud case . 
  do you really need to be reminded who won the election ? 
  here of all places ? 
  as a european that just sounds wrong . 
  why use centimeter in that context ? 
  it does n't work . 
  [ here , took me a minute but i found it !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ivtipfg-roq?t=3m ), 
  [ ( skip to 3:00 if it does n't automatically . 
  ) ] ( https://youtu.be/ivtipfg-roq?t=3m ), 
  uh , bo3 was $ 60 and only had one zombies map ... ? 
  i literally ca n't comprehend what he means by hillary 's ads being mean and slanderous . 
  like , honestly , they 're literally just clips of him talking !, 
  what the fuck is his logic here ? 
  dank reference m8, 
  stick win everytime,
