  thread . 
   i did n't realize boys can be so sweet , so sensitive , so caring . 
  i thought men were mostly brutes who only thought about themselves and were out of touch with their emotions . 
  afaik this is untrue for 100 % of men , all men i know are sensitive and caring , but are n't allowed * to show it because of social standards . 
  yeah , it feels very weird to show feelings as a man , not sure how to explain it . 
  embarrassing ? 
  do you have autism dos ? 
  calgary flames ? 
  for the record , in that picture the black guy looked more like matt damon than matt damon . 
  [ ] ( / s `` alexandria safe zone ? '' ), 
  i think the most unrealistic part is that it only goes through the walkers when it 's convenient for the plot . 
  that 's wacist . 
  `` holy sh * % i literally cant wait its driving me mad !!!!, 
  greatest show ever made and that will ever be made !!!, 
  wooooooo whooooooo baby !!!!!, 
  sad sad episode i bet tho !!!, 
  15 fucking likes on youtube ... 
  for once this is in context . 
  hope you do n't mind , i wacked off in your bathroom . 
  what else would i be doing with my spare time ? 
  homework ? 
  fuck that . 
  i was checking if you were still alive . 
  thanks . 
  i have no idea why i did n't think of that . 
  that 's embarrassing thanks for calling me out . 
  yeah ... ~ live like you were dying !, 
  ignorant people who always think they 're right . 
  what does he call his penis ? 
  other peoples texts . 
  fucking use correct grammar , do n't use that many emojis , stop saying things like `` aha '' or `` mhmm '' when you mean `` yes '' ** just fucking say yes !, 
  i was wondering how long it would take for this to be posted here , was starting to think that people would n't notice because of it being so minor and maybe most people do n't turn them off . 
  also ; ** why the fuck would they do this , they 're just fucking with us at this point !!!, 
  i see . 
  more rule 34 tmnt, 
  yet you did n't seem to learn a lot of english . 
  what ? 
  who was he ? 
  why would he say that ? 
  is n't that movie like 10 years old ? 
  what does he even mean ? 
  what ? 
  true dat , it 's so annoying when they think they 're being clever or funny but it ends up looking like this sub on steroids . 
  except a lot of feminists think that they should be worth more than men . 
  haha , butt city . 
  oh god . 
  i know that feeling . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  what is this ? 
  a park for ents ? 
  my cousins wife is from mozambique and lives in canada . 
  why are you on this sub if you do n't watch the show ? 
  i was reading that whole story expecting a three fiddy xd xd xd, 
  canadian i 'm guessing , not to bring race into this but she 's white and her parents are too . 
  oh , it 's just a fucking satan . 
  haha , ` word butt ' . 
  haha , nice reference . 
  so the jedi are basically just badass christians ? 
  oh my god / u/mtm5891 , you ca n't just ask someone why they 're black . 
  do n't girls go to gay bars too ? 
  so there it is . 
  because you hit a lamp post first , armor does n't help with fall damage . 
  well , she did say `` who is this 4chan person or website ? '', 
  sloths only poop once a week . 
  that 's probably it for me too , also the bar scene in `` nebraska '' . 
  soooooo intense !, 
  really ? 
  \u2610 not rekt, 
  \u2611 rekt, 
  it seems like he was trying to avoid hitting anything . 
  nice , what are the real lyrics here ? 
  i really hope they remove straight pull for the default classes , it 's way to op for noobs , they need to work for their attatchments, 
  some things i think should be fixed , the mpx seems to be very op but i have n't used it so i do n't know , but the grenade launcher is terrible for people , the normal frags can kill you from 30 feet away but you survive being impacted by a launcher ? 
  why do you keep linking that sub ? 
  well , 6 heists technically . 
  hahahahaha . 
  i really hope so . 
  sneaky edit . 
  sorry i was just being a smartass . 
  thanks . 
  it 's worse than mine and i play on ps3 . 
  haha nice , me too . 
  i feel the same way , something like `` let me drive '' or `` take ( x ) !, 
  nice , what happens ? 
  do they act as if they were n't there or did they make it an actual object in the world ? 
  it takes a few seconds to show you the next screen anyway , so it would n't take anymore time than it always does . 
  i agree with almost everything , i really like the ttk though , it feels nice to see an enemy that you have the upperhand on and be able to kill him before he gets away and you have to run after him . 
  i also do n't mind when i get killed from behind , i feel like they deserved it for catching me off guard . 
  if i have the chance to get a lined up triple kill i 'm going to take it . 
  nice shot but am i the only one that only get 's hitmarkers with the grenade launcher ? 
  i impacted a guy with one yesterday and he just shrugged it off and killed me . 
  is it weird that i think it looks like christoph waltz in django unchained ? 
  well , if she had longer hair , but yeah . 
  only time i 've used one on purpose was when the `` coveted '' mission was n't on the list because of a bug so you had to use the markers . 
  is this wallaper sized anywhere ? 
  probably . 
  zombies exist in the universe but no one calls them that because the writers or kirkman or someone thought that none of the characters would be familiar with the term . 
  i meant `` zombies exist in media in the universe of twd '' . 
  good catch , thanks for calling me out . 
  do you think any of them had the last thought `` no one 's gon na remember me '' ?
