  trump elected , what now ? 
  yeah , i thought it was funny . 
  please send it to me if you actually do it, 
  yeah , and like drop a ping somewhere on the map so your friend can see where you mean . 
  a little op honestly if you can watch the drone on your phone while playing at the same time . 
  yeah , and they would n't rely on connections as much . 
  have they ever changed an operators speed before though ? 
  what 'd he say ? 
  lol , just downvoted you out of instinct . 
  but that would give an advantage to players that are n't colorblind but can just turn the setting on . 
  is n't 50 % pretty little ? 
  i 'm not too sure but it does n't seem like a very big boost ... nice regardless though , thanks for making up for yesterday at least . 
  yeah , i 've gotten several kills and even saved a game twice because i see the dot on a wall or something . 
   maps to review ( and maybe even a way to look at 1 map with your team and draw on it to form strats ), 
  this 100 % imagine seeing an enemy and just tapping on your phone or ipad where he is and your friend can just run over and flank them . 
  yeah but if the colorblind assist made them blue that would greatly help spotting them on more red or brown maps . 
  yeah lol , i feel like season pass should be 50 % , that 'd be a nice bonus . 
  also blitz i 'm assuming . 
  that 's the joke . 
  yeah , same , i had a phase a few years ago when i would just compulsively say `` your mom '' and said it to a friend of mine a few times . 
  he lost him mom in a car crash when he was 6 ... 
  might not want people he knows knowing what music he listens to . 
  he might have misspoke . 
  this is one of the many things that annoys me with sp , why is n't there any system to save cars after they explode ? 
  especially when they have a car that costs fucking $ 10,000,000 . 
  he probably misspoke . 
  woah , that plane crash animation is absolutely beautiful . 
  to be fair , punching someone with full force concentrated over a 2mm diameter is incredibly painful . 
  oh nice , i guess i 'll get off my r6 grind for some bf now lol . 
  i never did ... 
  this has happened several times for me too , good internet but it still happens . 
  it 's unrelated to your connection to the server . 
  would they restart ? 
  not if you get used to it close range is fine , you just need to know how to use it . 
  sorry , i do n't watch pro league so i do n't know if the mechanics are in place to restart a match . 
  yeah but the advantages of being able to see into or out of windows , and having good accuracy at long range far outweigh the close range disadvantages . 
  as a norwegian , that feels like a boring view lol . 
  yeah , i 'm sure there 's a huge risk of being hit by a plane while on top of any building in nyc other than the wtc . 
  idk how to break this to you , but the terrorists won man , there is no wtc . 
  / r/shitamericanssay has many very clear examples of this . 
  it was definitely called constantinople in ww1 . 
  why specifically ? 
  edit : as always when someone posts a ridiculously stupid and bigoted comment , that reads like it was written by a 9 year old , it 's a / r/the _ donald user . 
  literally do n't look out windows and you 'll be fine . 
  yeah , i just realized that this would be a pretty good strat for people who are right inside by the main entrance . 
  ah , that 's what i was wondering . 
  if it helps you understand my pain ; one guy quit before the game started , then one teamkilled another , before quitting and the guy who got teamkilled quit the next game . 
  great time for a derank . 
  sorry if english is n't your native language , but that 's some real / r/titlegore, 
  yeah , when i had them on , i 'd die so often from enemies hiding in front of friend lies , now , i accidentally kill friendlies because i thought they were outside , based on the icon . 
  what 's that from ? 
  i feel like it 's the interview, 
  i always read that as `` may-anto '' for some reason . 
  nah , i was just listening to him , my mic is really bad and i 'm too lazy to plug my yeti in . 
  3 for a kick i think . 
  jesus , i thought it said `` the moment he knew he was done '' and got very sad for a moment . 
  gta is the same for me . 
  yeah lol , the read was very weird . 
  any ideas what 's gon na be in this patch other than the lighting fix and bartlett ? 
  some camos and a possible chanka buff ? 
  had 20 + mins a bit ago, 
  actually his videos have gotten very good since he realized that he does n't need to pander to children for money . 
  he has some of the best rants and shitposts on youtube . 
  ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic or not, 
  lol , why would he be buying subs when he 's the most subbed person on youtube ? 
  you do n't need to like his content , but stereotyping his audience based on what little you 've seen of him is unfair . 
  why is pewdiepie an insufferable cunt ? 
  he 's been on a media bating frenzy recently , i do n't think he 's trying to trick people or clickbait , i think it 's him just showing how bad media reporting is . 
  he has several videos on it . 
  seems like most people here have an image of pewdiepie based on his childish dumb videos from years ago , mixed with this which i agree seems really idiotic if you see it out of context . 
  yeah , it sure seems like most people in these comments just have him from 3 years ago mixed with this video and are judging him based on that . 
  why ? 
  he usually references it in the video and he 's really self aware , it 's not like he 's one of those `` number 6 will blow your mind '' articles . 
  it 's a joke dude , chill , he 's not trying to clickbait or trick his audience , if you watched any of his content you would know that . 
  he has been on a bit of a bad spell with the media recently , so i think this is just him giving a massive fuck you to all the media outlets that are just bad at reporting and are only in it for the clickbait . 
  why ? 
  that was the joke , he said in the other video that he would delete his `` channel '' and he even said it so if you have half a brain you 'd know he 's joking . 
  $ 12m - $ 17m this year . 
  go ahead and hate . 
  and it 's obvious you do n't know who he is because you 're completely missing the point of the video . 
  why ? 
  yeah , that guy should just stop making millions from making videos and work at a grocery store , people should n't be successful . 
  he uploads entertaining videos , and he 's a cool , humble guy , it 's very different . 
  yeah . 
  the punchline is that all the people like you are salty as fuck that he did n't delete his channel , if you watch his videos it 's apparent that he 's just messing around 90 % of the time . 
  have you watched any of his videos recently other than this one and the original when he said he 'd be deleting his channel at 50m ? 
  if you had it 's very apparent that he does * not * make videos for 12 year olds . 
  hoping for some new equipment , that 'd be cool . 
  what 's wrong with it now ? 
  oh , i thought you mean smoke 's grenade , although i guess it applies to that too . 
  ahhh america ... 
  yeah , i 'm sad that gta just went in the direction of `` make it so expensive they have to pay '' , but still better than most games . 
  ok , i still think the kardashian comparison is a bit bad though , if you 're going for hollywood it 's more like he was a tv actor and now he 's a talk show host . 
  what 's wrong with him ? 
  he 's a funny down to earth guy who , after realizing that he does n't have to pander to 10 year olds , has become a really entertaining channel . 
  why would he need publicity ? 
  50,000,000 fucking people are subbed to him ... 
  have you seen any of his recent videos other than this one and the last one ... ? 
  sorry that nobody can have fun if you do n't like it . 
  good thing you take pride in your ignorance .
