  haha . 
  also amazing for youtube gameplay . 
  i was gon na make fun of you but honestly they probably are reading through the sub , i 'd be unable to resist looking at every forum mentioning my games name after i release a dlc . 
  oh god this is h.i. 
  all over again . 
  why ? 
  so that you can have a map that nobody can solve ? 
  does n't make a difference , if it 's unsolvable , you ca n't do it on xb , if not it 'll be done before xb . 
  well yeah but i was starting from the assumption that it 's `` unsolvable '' as the op stated . 
  heroic indians . 
  agreed lol . 
   but he 's dead so if does n't matter . 
  - us justice system, 
  there should be an xkcd for this so people can link it when this question 's asked . 
  i see what you mean , i too hate watching youtube videos , and it 's often very inconvenient . 
  but this tutorial is one of the best in terms of conciseness . 
  if you did n't watch the video , here 's how to do it . 
  - kill 5 corrupted keepers . 
  - 10 furies, 
  - 20 spiders, 
  - 50 zombies, 
  - all in the apothicon , with the as ( possibly not necessary ), 
  - * finish * 2 margwas with the shield , meaning take out his last head and kill him , you do n't need to use the shield the whole time . 
  - shoot the panzer 's helmet and power core off . 
  that 's it according to this video . 
  pretty excited to try this , about to start a game . 
  what does `` while gas is up '' mean ? 
  what does he mean by `` while the gas is up '' ? 
  does it come and go like de or does it just stay ? 
  is it permanent until you leave the apothicon ? 
  yes , i believe . 
  i could be wrong on this but i think you need to call in a keeper , and when it goes away , it turns into a corrupted one , and comes back every round . 
  meaning if you call in a keeper every round from 20-30 , on 31 you should have 10 keepers come . 
  not 100 % sure though . 
  i know lol , i 'm doing it right now and man it 's taking it 's sweet time , wish you got an audio queue when you finish a type of enemy . 
  guys !, 
  i just got it ( i think , about to check ) but the sound queue came when i killed a blue margwa with my haymaker , did n't have a shield . 
  do n't know what this means , ask me anything if you 're wondering about specifics . 
  edit : does n't seem to be there but neither does the keeper mask which i 'm 100 % sure i have gotten , anyone know how to fix ? 
  edit 2 : went back into the apothicon and got some kills with the as ( zombies mostly , maybe a fury or 2 ) and got another sound queue , went back to kino and there 's still nothing there . 
  edit 3 : working theory is that you need to do them in order and that the 2 chimes i 've heard were from me completing furies and keepers . 
  took a down though so rip perkaholic and i 'm trying to set back up , no masks yet in kino . 
  edit 4 : just got the one for spiders and zombies , confirmed you need to do it in order and you get a sound queue every time you finish one . 
  edit 5 : could n't figure out the margwas , do you need to be inside the apothicon ? 
  does the gas need to be up ? 
  idk . 
  the masks finally showed up , if they do n't show up immediately , do the wolf one and that should fix it . 
  i wish you better luck than me !, 
  yeah you do . 
  who is she ? 
  ca n't quite tell from the pic . 
  huh , i thought so but i did n't see the resemblance in the pic , thanks anyways !, 
  yeah lol , it 's mostly her paleness and longer hair in the pic . 
  also the strange angle does n't really give you a sense of her face too much . 
  really ? 
  cause i swear i do n't get them before i call a keeper protector . 
  have we tried using i 'm feeling lucky a bunch ? 
  i bet it 's that gobblegum . 
  jesus , is n't this common knowledge yet ? 
  you can also change the controls so you just need to press share once to take a screenshot . 
  if people did n't know that you could hold it , no wonder nobody 's posting screenshots . 
  ps4 : ghostmw2awsome, 
  done shadows first try 3 times . 
  cannon ? 
  zeus ? 
  why does everyone seem to think it 's spelled `` fury 's '' ? 
  how ... ? 
  you seem to need to do these in order of anyone 's struggling . 
  also , follow up , do you need to do the margwa and panzer in the apothicon too ? 
  and does the gas need to be up ? 
  wo n't work for me out of order , do n't get an audio queue before i do the keepers . 
  you might need all the hats or certain hats for the ee , they 're discovering the map . 
  no it 's cool , and english is n't my main language so i might be wrong but would n't it be `` furies '' ? 
  i ca n't believe it 's not butter . 
  but how would you know to fill them up ? 
  there might be something else . 
  this makes me wonder , because of statistics , someone who likes zombies has almost certainly died since it came out ... how disappointing . 
  god damn youtubers , their fans are too blinded by their fandom 90 % of the time to realize when they do wrong . 
  when i found an ee on the man-o-war back in the day chaosxsilencer made a video on it and ignored me when i tried to get him to credit me . 
  i had the `` kill 10 furies with headshots '' thing yesterday and got the fury hat with the as without getting the challenge . 
  ahhh yes !, 
  i loved the youtuber quotes , pretty cool . 
  sorry , saw a post mentioning it yesterday but did n't look at it , thought people might be looking for what triggers it . 
  doing it right now . 
  you do n't need to do them in order , you need to do them in the pool of water/acid though , while the gas is up . 
  35 i think . 
  this tutoral is missing a bunch of info though , go check out glitchinqueens vid from yesterday , another thing i can say is you do n't need to do the panzer in the apothicon . 
  ah , i remember once he was doing a livestream with subs and i got to talk to him for a bit , too bad he 's not here for bo3 . 
  yeah no problem , best of luck !, 
  i 'm on 66 right now with the mask , it 's really good and even without perks you 're basically good unless you mess up . 
  ahhh , makes sense . 
  happens with tripmines , also i 'm on revelations now and that 's what i was talking about . 
  yeah lmao , i 'm seriously considering doing a tradeout to try swapping my slots right now on round 81 . 
  i just meant since revelations came out . 
  for me ( _ irl ), 
  should n't future guns be lighter ? 
  i always feel like smoking is n't something for me but man would i have a smoke with obama lol . 
  hey its me ur attractive female, 
  they are . 
  how fucking hard is it to keep it the way it was ?
