  it 's just a joke about how long it 's taking us , do n't read into it . 
  we failed miserably reddit !, 
  try going into incognito mode , your history is based on your previous google searches . 
  you could probably get it off quite easily . 
  origins should 've had the 1927 instead of de . 
  100 % agree , they do so little damage , destroy your shield and you can only have 2 at a time . 
  why 3arc ? 
  lmao yeah , had to do that with ww nades yesterday , haha . 
  nice username , 
  oh right , that 's what i meant sorry . 
  canada is in america ... ? 
  it 's such a piece of shit on ps4 , you ca n't even skip songs without it fucking up . 
  and the whole of america . 
  call me , 
  there 's this thing that happens to me where if i just hit `` next song '' it wo n't play , and when i hit the play song button it 'll play a split second of the previous one i was listening to , and skip to the next song . 
  it does this about 10 times before it actually starts some song , 10 or so spots down my playlist . 
  very annoying . 
  the problem for me is it 's a memory game . 
  what are my challenges ? 
  where do i have plants ? 
  what color am i watering them ? 
  where are the kt-4 parts ? 
  where are the masamune parts ? 
  where are the cogs ? 
  have i done all my challenges yet ? 
  have i done power ? 
  do i need to get more water for the generators ? 
  what perks do i need for the boss fight ? 
  where 's the box ? 
  what weapons do i need for the boss fight ? 
  where are the shield parts ? 
  which shield parts do i already have ? 
  where are the gas mask parts ? 
  what gas mask parts do i already have ? 
  obviously this is a bit more than i practically need to remember at any one moment but it 's just so stressful to know that i need to keep track of all this . 
  or because it is in many ways inferior to some of the other bo3 maps . 
  i recently started playing soe again because it 's a fun map , not because i care what any youtubers think of the maps . 
  what about after the 3rd time ? 
  not trying do invalidate your opinion but i 'm just saying , it 's super frustrating to die on round 15 right after getting the masamune and knowing you 'll have to do it all again . 
  really ? 
  you can get a bow by round 8 easily , on zetsubou you ca n't get the masamune until at least 15 . 
  interesting , definitely not the case for me but i 'm glad you do n't get as annoyed as me haha . 
  yeah , me too . 
  just hope zombies does n't suck so we 're not stuck with shitty iw zombies . 
  `` when i look up at the night sky , and all i see is darkness , it 's worrying to me . 
  it 's like we 're in a massive city and we 're having a party in a room , and there 's nobody else in the entire city . 
  it seems like when i look up at the night sky , there 's a very clear message of people smarter than us not wanting to be found . '', 
  paraphrasing , but it 's from cgp grey on one of the latest episodes of hello internet . 
  `` they * have * to listen to the comments on their instagram ! '', 
  are you really making fun of people 's grammar then saying something like `` typo it '' ? 
  lol , i find it funny how siege is to battlefield , what battlefield is to cod . 
  he takes 10 damage and has 15 charges . 
  so no . 
  never seen a trigger like this in the wild . 
  fucking chill dude . 
  pretty sure most cats already are borderline isis . 
  why ? 
  this is what i was thinking , it 's not like xb would 've handled it any better , i 'd wager to say it 'd be worse . 
  only difference is the map has a few patches by the time xb gets it so it 's not an issue anymore . 
  how old are you ? 
  i 'd be shocked if you were born before 2002 . 
   * supposed * super ee, 
  ftfy, 
  why ? 
  ca n't you just not use the bank ? 
  it 's just an amazing idea poorly implemented in no small part because of console limitations and not really getting what makes a zombie map great yet . 
  the biggest problem with tranzit was that they made existing things more difficult and tedious , instead of adding more new things . 
  ( building a wonder weapon , building power , whatever the fuck pap was , transportation being slow as shit ), 
  why do you think so ? 
  agreed , the most annoying thing to me on the internet is trying to understand someones point of view but they 're just being seemingly irrational . 
  unlike when they get eaten , which is such a fun and cheery time for vegetables . 
  why did the bank ruin the map for you ? 
  yeah , i get that , and i might feel the same in a few weeks , but at the moment i 'm really liking how they blend together . 
  might wear off though . 
   in pubs, 
  there 's your problem . 
  got a windows 10 laptop for school almost a week ago and maaaaan is it annoying when you 're used to os x. 
  like it just randomly closes stuff , minimizes tabs , tries selling you things , constantly wants to update * something * , wo n't let you change certain default options that are bugging me and it 's just overall super annoying to me at the moment . 
  ah , i meant to say minimize , like if i 'm in a game , it 'll minimize the game to tell me that there 's a new update for something , my power 's low , accidentally hitting the windows button ... 
  yeah , that 's basically it for me , i really like how mac looks and feels but windows is just better fundamentally . 
  or at least that 's what i tell myself to not go crazy from getting used to windows lol . 
  when 's that ? 
  ah , cool !, 
  i forgot about it and i 'm doing it now lol . 
  yeah , i definitely see why people like windows , and a few years ago when i first switched to mac i was just as confused . 
  it 's really just a matter of habit , and understanding how to do things . 
  what about constant despair ? 
  yes it needs to be down to the 10th of a millimeter . 
  nobody cares about your longest headshot . 
  idiot ... 
  why does everyone spell it `` fury 's '' ? 
  i 'm not an english native speaker and i know that 's wrong . 
  also to not have just a negative comment , great guide !, 
  really good job with this . 
  holy shit , what round would that be ? 
  if my math and memory serves me correctly it should increase the sword to be a 1 hit at 81 . 
  not really a few bites in , but does anyone else get this super annoying aftertaste from 99 % of chips for many , many hours that 's basically impossible to remove ? 
  question is , how often do you spell refrigerator ? 
  i think it 's 10 % per round but i just realized that my math is flawed anyways but yeah . 
  this is where he 'll move when he gets shard money .
