  it 's part of the 5 % chance category that qr and jugg are in . 
  on ascension yes , but in black ops 3 up until a few days ago it would melt zombies into the 80s . 
  yes , but up until a few days ago it would rek in black ops 3 . 
  haha , this was probably my favorite comment on this post . 
  but they think rick or carl might ? 
  what ... ? 
  no green means it affects everyone on the map , blue only affects the person that picks it up and red has a negative effect . 
  oh i see , sorry about that . 
  sarcasm does n't always travel well through text . 
  haha , exactly . 
  that 's why i span around at the end , tried to use my shield as cover when i used my gumball . 
  yes but the death machine used to kill zombies easily into the 80s . 
  not in black ops 3 . 
  pretty sure it 's still all 4 . 
  you shouldnt * need * a gobblegum just to have a chance against a boss . 
  i use it all the time when i use a strat that involves death & taxes . 
  yes !, 
  i know exactly what you mean , it 's not lag and i think it happens on other games too . 
  super annoying . 
  i 'd love to do this but 3.2 mbps internet might be a hindrance . 
  damn it , the title on this post spoiled me :(, 
  really ? 
  i thought it seemed obvious how they had a secret rpg and they only sent one guy with daryl . 
  i did too actually but still seemed obvious . 
  yeah , if you remember them finding the rpg it seemed pretty obvious to me . 
  loved the scene though . 
  are we really calling this guy a genius ? 
  i mean it 's cool but i feel like people do stuff like this all the time . 
  i 'm very tempted to , but i 've tried to stream before and it wo n't start . 
  i will partake in future gauntlets thought because i will be getting fiber in the near future . 
  although i understand this feeling of being pissed and wanting to share it , ca n't we stop literally posting error screens ? 
  hey man , you 're the only zombies youtuber i really watch just because i love your personality and that you do n't pander to 10-12 year olds . 
  do n't really have a question and you 're probably not answering questions anymore anyways . 
  i once felt a girls boob ... that was pretty sweet . 
  probably , first time second basers are n't usually that great in my experience . 
  same for me . 
  honestly it 's similar to bane being how he was in the movies compared to the comics except he was done well . 
  when you 're reddit and someone says they 're better than you at running a meme into the fucking ground in 2 days . 
  if people who can photoshop cool images onto a knife in a video game are eligible to work at treyarch then sign me up . 
  maybe you 're * really * lucky on the wunderfizz . 
  `` hm , how do i make this more black ? 
  ah , i know ! '', 
  * adds fire emojis *, 
  it 's actually when you 're getting roasted by the squad in the group chat . 
  haha , exactly . 
  yeah , it did n't crash and i ended up getting 56, 
  ah , i did n't have 2xp so i only got like 5 levels i think . 
  close to prestige 9 though so i 'm excited about that . 
  [ this took way longer to make than i expected but anyways here 's a shorter version with the same message . 
  ] ( https://gfycat.com/afraidfancydotterel ), 
  yeah , seems like after 5 it 's every ~ 10 rounds . 
  no jim, 
  haha , hey man , 
  i was trying to get a max ammo because i was out on my bow . 
  same for me , was wondering why people were camping out the new page to downvote me . 
  haha , thanks . 
  thanks man , on round 25 right now trying to upgrade the storm bow at this round and it 's not that easy lol . 
  no it 's a $ 50 * beta *, 
  finally someone who gets it , here 's my video on the issue : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbfjeax7fgy, 
  the problem with old zombies is that it was boring as shit . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love the old maps and ascension is my favourite but after about 25 round you have the wonder weapon , and a pap 'd gun and there 's nothing more to do . 
  in the new maps there 's always more stuff to do and there 's an immense feeling of accomplishment when you do everything you need to . 
  you also do n't * have * to which makes it a lot better because you can still play the good old way . 
  i do n't have a source on this but i think he was arrested . 
  does it count as piracy if i just watch the entire episode through random gifs and images people post ? 
  what about me ? 
  there probably was a problem at the post office or something . 
  credit to / u/landlubber77 and / u/mortiphago . 
  it 's finally happened , / r/shittyreactiongifs is declining in quality . 
  i 've never wanted to kill someone this bad . 
  i know it 's a horrible thought but jesus christ , raise your kids properly . 
  do it then, 
  it 's awesome not underrated at all . 
  a lot of people just do n't use it because it does n't have infinite damage . 
  please excuse the mediocre production quality , i do n't really have any fancy setup . 
  yeah but i was thinking more as its own game built entirely for this . 
  haha , thanks man . 
  community challenge . 
  ahh yeah , the life of tryina get the community challenge . 
  all 5 of those kills . 
  yeah , i mentioned in the video that i like the mine craft stuff but it 'd be sweet to have something with some more realistic graphics and stuff . 
  i privated the video after this got downvoted . 
  it 'll be back up in 30 mins or so . 
  interestingly , when you google ` dillrammer ' this is the first thing to show up . 
  what is this ? 
  2011 youtube ? 
  interesting , i recall getting downvoted for saying that it 'll be ww1 , hopefully i 'm right . 
  ah man , this guy is making religion a laughingstock . 
  definetley , for me ` ww2 games ' always have bad graphics and this would be amazing assuming it has great graphics like bf4 . 
  exactly , it would be amazing . 
  i also much prefer campaigns set in old historical event like times than the ones set in the modern day or future . 
  although i loved how bf4 's campaign felt as far as gameplay went . 
  was matt reacting to what will said or just the fact that trump said that ? 
  i could n't tell . 
  did n't love it but laughed out loud at ` what are you doing ? 
  secondary characters are n't safe out here ' . 
  i think you 'll get better with time , keep them coming . 
  getting cat diarrhea directly in my mouth working at a cat shelter . 
  yes but not snipers . 
  that is all i would ever want .
