  sorry about that . 
  yeah , it 's a new gen thing . 
  i do n't think that was the case here for a number of reasons . 
  he spins his wheels before he drives away . 
  after i hit him and he spun out , he drove like normally in traffic . 
  the way he drove was a lot different from most other cars when they get spooked , they usually drive a lot more unpredictably and crash a lot more . 
  i did n't actually mean for them to be, 
  #like this . 
  yeah , but all i 'm saying is that it 's an unoriginal title for your post and there 's so many of them in the last year that it 's insane . 
  if it 's a good post i 'm not gon na not upvote it just because the title is unoriginal . 
  the word `` lifeguard '' is also banned because it contains `` feg '' . 
  it makes me sad that i probably wo n't be able to get them until christmas :(, 
  there were more , this is all i could fit in my screenshot . 
  also 10 of those are within the last 5 months so it 's not like we 're getting one of those post a month . 
  well , it might 've been funny but still a shitty title . 
  like for outfit names and messages to other players . 
  ah that sounds amazing , you ca n't get money or rp and you can just hang out . 
  that 's pretty much my dream for this game . 
  also if you could customize the lobby more than just the no cops but also like turning on certain cheats for the lobby or having unlimited access to all vehicles in the game . 
  darn you , darn you all !, 
  i probably should have clarified , sorry about that . 
  i do n't know man , frogs have pretty high standards . 
  is it just me or do you guys also get excited when someone really ugly posts here ? 
  i was honestly waiting for him to say `` i am the one who knocks '', 
  lmao , k, 
  then you ca n't have seen a lot . 
  yeah , the bo2 characters kinda sucked and that 's part of the reason i 'm skeptical towards this map , it looks fun and all but i hope it does n't get too huge and boring . 
  honestly i 'm more excited for the giant . 
  [ this looks like pretty much normal speed . 
  ] ( http://gfycat.com/accurateofficialfairyfly#?speed=7 ), 
  because only uncut people get dick cancer . 
  although i agree with this and that i 'm myself surprised that it 's not died out yet . 
  i really do like most video games that involve zombies and i 'm super excited about the new season of the walking dead that just started . 
  i 'm assuming that when the interest for the show and comics start dying they 'll kill rick off , although that probably wo n't be for a while . 
  [ me too ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/battlefield_4/comments/3kw5ks/my_first_decent_random_rpg/ ), 
  well did you look at the autograph ? 
  what did it say ? 
  i think i need to watch parks and recreation . 
  although this might be a shitty idea and call me out if it is , but what if there were two dlcs like eflc and have them focus more on the other sides to ls . 
  ( possible story spoilers ), 
  like say the main game is more `` hollywood robber '' and has more sophisticated heists , there could be one in the grove where it focuses more on the gang banging lifestyle with franklin and lamar ( or some new character ), 
  and then there would be one central in blaine county that focuses more on the chinese meth guys and that drug lifestyle . 
  uhhh , who would n't ? 
  7 by now . 
  yeah , and a mechanic like feature . 
  purchasing cars is so stupid in sp because who 's gon na be responsible and drive their cars back to the garage after they 're done ? 
  the post might 've been sarcastic even though it 's easy to take off , obviously it 's not an ideal spot to take off in a jet . 
  what ? 
  no they had it in woodbury did n't they ? 
  maybe not fake and gay but at least staged and bi, 
  about that ... 
  it was confirmed on talking dead . 
  oh , i might 've misremembered , i thought when the guvna was making daryl and merle fight to the death and they broke them out from woodbury , that daryl grabbed one of the guards ' crossbow . 
  is n't there that thing that if you turn a centrifuge too high then all your blood goes to your brain and you die an amazing death with like the best high ever or something ? 
  i might be completely wrong but i feel like that 's a thing . 
  mom ? 
  i 'm surprised she survived long enough to get to the apocalypse . 
  i 've been redditing for almost 2 years and just found that out now ... 
  why ca n't this car be in game :(, 
  haha , that 's all i aim for thanks . 
  yeah , that 's the kinda thing i meant , just the pure amount of gs that you 're experiencing . 
  yeah lol , after this video ended the cop car actually drove into the truck . 
  oh really ? 
  hype . 
  yeah , but i think you need to use a shotgun because it takes a ton of normal pistol damage and it 's very easy to destroy the trailer . 
  disclaimer : i have literally no idea what i 'm talking about . 
  afaik cyanide is like a type of acid or something right ? 
  so then it 's safe to assume that it 'd burn your insides more than making you vomit ? 
  reminds me of that football ( soccer ) player that had a seizure mid game and started rolling backwards . 
  there 's a slight possibility that my understanding of cyanide starts and ends with skyfall lol, 
  that 's what i aim to do thanks !, 
  aww , i do n't have a pc though :(, 
  saving your comment for reference tomorrow , and you know i 'll be back complaining if you 're wrong / s, 
  edit : it 's been 9 hours , you wo n't know my disappointment if you 're wrong . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whmqz0nxeq8 ), 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whmqz0nxeq8 ), 
  thanks . 
  haha , yeah . 
  i 've been home all day waiting for it to download and it now has 6 minutes left !, 
  super hyped !, 
  i thought it said `` marley '' and since it was green i thought it was something like [ this . 
  yeah lmao . 
  i 'm surprised that the show runners have completely glossed over this matter . 
  to be fair , if you needed to pay for the ( essentially ) exact same map then that 'd be pretty stupid . 
  i had this a few weeks ago , aaaaand now i 'm craving it again ... 
  franklins voice actor did as well . 
  probably stretch . 
  they literally tweeted that there 'd be a `` significant story dlc '' and that it would be out in the spring of 2014 . 
  wait , were people seriously expecting it to run 60fps on old gen ? 
  sweet lmao , i did n't know you had a reddit accound pat . 
  is this really the best you can do ? 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ru1oiromqdc ), 
  i literally refuse to belive this is un-photoshopped . 
  they 've never had dlc vehicles been added to the `` wild '' before . 
  no , rockstar hate singleplayer now or something . 
  is this what this sub has come to ? 
  why is it that slow mo videos like this often have flickering light , is there any specific reason or is it just a side-effect of slow mo ? 
  oh man that 's sweet , you could theoretically but you ca n't jump straight up like that . 
  it was added on new gen because it had already been added to the game when it came out . 
  i remember when the game first came out my friend and i played criminal records with 99 laps 3 times in a row just to unlock everything .
