  i still like the last season but yeah it would 've been fine with just 4 . 
  not for ps4 though :(, 
  yeah , i realize now that this comment may have been better kept in my brain lol . 
  i just find guns interesting and thought it was relevant to the conversation . 
  yeah that kid was being a dumbass . 
  or a future homosexual geologist . 
  and please come home, 
  such a great bit , i remember lying in bed with my phone , laughing my ass off , trying not to wake anyone up with my laughing the first time i heard it . 
  `` i only go for tourists and negroes '', 
  woah dude !, 
  you ca n't say that here !, 
  someone might hear you !, 
  it 's so crazy how your brain just ceases to function properly , one time i was just sitting around when my friend started asking about what i was talking about , i was confused because i had n't said anything , and he started telling me about this rant i was on about indie game developers like 25 seconds ago and i suddenly remembered that i was just telling him about it , and had just suddenly forgotten . 
  that 's when i decided i had to get some sleep lmao . 
  do n't bash the microphone dude , that sounds pretty dope . 
  on a related note , my cousin said that when she grows up she wants to be black hair . 
  y u h8in ' bro ? 
  i 'm disappointed there 's no answer here :(, 
  yeah , after buying no man 's sky the day after it came out i 'm a bit more cautious about waiting these things out . 
  agreed about mw2 , it was super unbalanced and just shitty to play because it was basically just super favored people who could watch tutorials on where to stand and shoot your grenade launcher . 
  same thing with cod 4 really , it was groundbreaking for its time sure , but if a new cod was announced that was literally exactly like cod 4 but had a futuristic reskin , it would get ridiculous amounts of hate for all the features people would n't want . 
  tfw the simpsons ca n't make original jokes because the simpsons already did all the jokes . 
  try the ios version lmao . 
  holy fuck this is god damn gold . 
  like that person who gets mad at their cabinet when they hit their head . 
  tl ; dc , a 10x10cm of aluminum coated in the stuff is # 323 . 
  you can get a 10 cm2 piece of aluminum coated in it for # 323 ... 
  so i mean , if you win the lottery or something . 
  nah man , i have $ 100,000 that 's * really * burning a hole in my pocket . 
  wait , i 'm probably missing a joke here but that 's not a tattoo right ? 
  lmao good call . 
  no but i 'd need to win the lottery to justify spending $ 400 on a small piece of tin foil . 
  i wonder if you 'd still be able to swim without touching the water ? 
  exactly , i take back my comment yesterday about this sub not going bad from an influx of subs . 
  i 'll withhold further judgement . 
  why are you being downvoted ? 
   big farma, 
  that 's a pretty great pun . 
  i do n't even know what 's happening . 
  anyone have the video of this ? 
  i know it 's norwegian but i 'm on mobile so i ca n't seem to find it . 
  the real / r/shittyaskscience is * always * in the comments . 
  lmao, 
  why quote the entire essence of the comment instead of just hitting `` reply '' ? 
  `` nah man , i like boobs too much . '', 
  thanks lmao , i speak norwegian so this is always a good laugh when it comes up . 
  chris , working on getting better for the next 3 seasons i see . 
  huh , that seems unnecessary ... 
  would n't 2 years mean prison ? 
  but not when she 's kicking it with shoes on though ? 
  e : nvm lmao , turns out she does n't have shoes . 
  ah , i just assumed you meant prison but i thought it would be strange that you did n't know the difference . 
  interesting though . 
  i apologize if it 's too personal , but i 'm curious about what you did ? 
  ah , quite the life . 
  lmao , good job though , i assure you there 's no judgement here , would n't take a lot for me to go down that road . 
  [ after reading these comments . 
  nah , my family 's hella healthy . 
  it literally is , i 'm pretty sure it 's either from doing the soe ee or tg ee . 
  it does though , smoother textures , but worse looking overall . 
  i 'm so salty i got it for full price on ps4 . . ,, 
  i noticed that with a few sf videos too , i think it 's just that she did n't really have any defined eyebrows . 
  bo burnham is seriously amazing . 
  if anyone has n't seen either of his specials just go watch the first 10 minutes of make happy on netflix . 
  edit : if you have n't seen it , and you do because of this comment please come back and let me know what you thought . 
  after reading these comments i feel like being subbed to / r/watchpeopledie and / r/natureismetal may have completely desensitized me . 
  also he 's probably loaded as fuck . 
  e : apparently he 's worth $ 1,000,000 but i 'm not 100 % sure i [ trust the article ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0xgcfmz.png ) ... 
  this is a thought i have sometimes , like how are these people known as these names ? 
  it just seems like the only way to say their names is by saying both ... 
  damn it i 'm so salty i got it on playstation for full price ... 
  yeah the graphics seem to be set pretty low . 
  yeah , i ca n't quite distinguish them because i watched them back to back but i just know that the first 10 mins of ` make happy ' really drew me in and made me laugh . 
  it does have some callbacks though so it might be better to watch ` what . ', 
  first . 
  nine ... eleven . 
  i would imagine he does n't get the same wage as the older actors though because he 's still a minor . 
  2 months late and you probably do n't care but basically he made a comment about ` make happy ' being `` an '' end , and needed to clarify that it 's not `` the '' end . 
  this is what i 'm wanting to do but i 'm curious , does this kinda job require any extra education outside of just your basic highschool education ? 
  i saw it a few weeks ago . 
  yeah , i 'm working on a technical production/engineering degree right now but might switch over to it or something similar next year . 
  i mean , it 's not that far fetched . 
  if you watch any comedy special , the comedian saying something like `` so i was walking to my car the other day '' will get a chuckle out of the audience . 
  it 's not even that it 's a cliffhanger , it 's that they ruined all the momentum and impact of the scene , and completely fucked everyone who had read the comics . 
  i 'm watching it right now and it 's fine to watch in the hiatus of the main series , but god damn , every fucking episode is just a `` which character can do the stupidest shit , and which writer can be the laziest '' competition . 
   eastman 's ridiculous death jumping in front of the bite, 
  this infuriates me to no end , when the writers need someone killed off , they just make them die in the easiest fucking way . 
  that one episode where that girl fell down , and just stayed down while the zombies were eating her that was completely avoidable ... argh !, 
  at least try to be consistent with how strong and fast the zombies are , and how able the characters are . 
  i 'd say that you should finish the last season if you liked it up until that point . 
  i enjoy the hell out of it . 
  here 's a few things you might need to know or maybe just * forgot * . '', 
  please finish it , i love the show too and the ending was perfect for me . 
  and if you do finish it , let me know if you liked it . 
  look at this fuckin guy , with his pocket full of coins ... 
  yes lmao , i always see these jokes about politics that always seem exaggerated , but he literally goes on a rant about isis while cooper needs to ask 4 times before he finally pauses his rant to say no for a second . 
  i really wan na do a hillary edit of this now . 
  someone reversed it so it would loop but it did n't really work well because of the text sliding effect . 
  holy shit i laughed so hard at that part , did n't he say it like 3 or 4 times ? 
  not a single `` and frankly '' ?
