  it does n't matter that there 's an exploit on pc . 
  what system are you on ? 
  i 'm on ps4 and would be happy to help you learn the game and improve . 
  ah , well good luck anyways !, 
  pro league last weekend and penta ran 4 roamers several times . 
  yup , yesterday i literally emptied an entire mag of the r4-c , my aim was on the enemy basically the whole time but 80 % of the bullets hit the metal bars . 
  do you have any proof that their sources are wrong ? 
  it is though ... ? 
  the map is n't part of the season pass . 
  yeah but it 's not really that big of an issue , i mean honestly , how often do you need to fine aim a valk cam ? 
  the maps are free to everyone ... 
  i was just confused about what you meant , sorry ... 
  would you say people who play on pc without hacks are limiting themselves ? 
  maybe it 's because you play red dot, 
  well , hacking is the best you could be on pc so people who are n't hacking are limiting themselves . 
  yes but the different input device is inherently several orders of magnitude more effective than a controller . 
  when it 's not natively supported by the game , and is banned in competitive play , it is cheating . 
  pc players all use m&k , in the same way console players use controllers ... what 's your point ? 
  no , because using a controller on pc is a disadvantage ... 
  if a controller was more precise i 'd say the same exact thing about pc . 
  it was really just a joke , i use red dot on a few guns myself , it 's just a bit of a joke that only noobs use red dot . 
  the skill gap from controller to m&k on a shooter like siege is far greater than the skill gap between them in a fighter game . 
  yeah lmao , it looks like he has one of those face cover things you use in the winter but he sneezed in it . 
  you could see through cracks in the barricades which would be terrible for balance . 
  thanks , had someone use this against us in my placement games . 
  they used it every round of the game and we still beat them 4-2 lol . 
  thanks , had someone use this against us in my placement games . 
  they used it every round of the game and we still beat them 4-2 lol . 
  the thing that bothers me is that changing the map pools seems to have been more of a publicity move rather than ubi actually caring about the balance . 
  with changing the pool to how it is now , they pleased pros and most plat/diamond players , and improved their reputation , but if they were actually doing it because they cared about balance , they would recognize that bank is not suitable for competitive play right now and remove it from ranked until it 's been fixed . 
  how so ? 
  where have you heard that ? 
  welp , you 're not wrong ... 
  it happens to me as well when playing rainbow 6 , it will randomly make my character move slightly to the left sometimes or it 'll make me move my aim to the left . 
  it is n't controller drift because the movement is jittery and inconsistent . 
  this is really annoying in a game where precise aim and standing in , and holding tight angles is so important . 
  this is just cementing the point i made the other day that removing maps from the ranked pool was n't about the actual balance , it 's just good publicity for ubi . 
  removing maps from ranked for actual balancing reasons is n't gon na happen . 
  why would n't they just remove it ? 
  nah they should remove kanal and hereford because those are obviously too unbalanced for ranked ... / s, 
  i played against some guys on bank the other day who did the roof glitch literally every round of the game and we still beat them 4-2 lmao . 
  it 's honestly depressing how people can be that shit at the game . 
  i was gon na make fun of you for having heavy barrel on buck but man , well played . 
  fuck those glitchers . 
  hahaha , no worries man . 
  i just stopped posting videos to reddit after a few months because every time i posted anything , every detail of the gameplay would be picked apart and criticized . 
  really good clip and good on you . 
  yeah you can prone inside the roof in the front lobby desk so you can see nearly the entirety of both the basement bomb sites . 
  if you open the walls you can see most of it . 
  yeah , ps4 a few days ago , eu servers i think . 
  i might have , do n't remember though . 
  tbh i 've had rounds that feel like this lmao . 
  / u/lordkeren mods sticky plox ? 
  not to my knowledge . 
  yeah . 
  yeah he is . 
  one of the guys in the clip ( nixaru ) is a youtuber , he might have used it in a video one time . 
  well , if rumors are to be believed there will be quite a lot more casting talent incoming . 
  from what i hear the talent pool will be growing exponentially in the coming weeks/months . 
  lies , 1-frag-pongo does n't get kills . 
  / u/bloupenguin, 
  i know a lot of these have been touched on before , but this is my list . 
  ( i have commentented this on another post before , but i think it 's postworthy ), 
  i think some of these things from single player would really bring online to life :, 
  - wildlife : being able to go shark hunting with your shotgun or knife fighting with bobcats . 
  - random events : adding the same ones from singleplayer maybe , and some more , even if not this have the existing armoured trucks unload their money like sp and give them a destination instead of having them going in circles all the time . 
  - scuba gear : mother f * cking scuba gear !, 
  - some of the outfits from/like the ones from sp : i really love roleplay and would love the `` police man '' outfit , the `` scuba land '' the `` skydiver '' and all of those . 
  some things not from sp :, 
  - more fun vehicles : maybe add some more modifications to your personal vehicles like spike strips , mounted mgs ( only on specific cars . 
  ie , mesa from merryweather mercs . 
  ) , some new military planes and/or helis like the apache helicopter or the f35 aka : hydra from sa ( sorry if i got the names wrong . ), 
  the main reason i want this is because i 'm getting bored of new cars and guns all the time , do n't get me wrong , i love the zentorno and the new guns , but it 'd be nice with a change . 
  - flares from merryweather : the flares you get from the merryweather airstrike in ammunation , i love the flares and they 'd be nice to have to mark things for your friends , also they should look cool underwater . 
  ( they do n't have to do anything specific , just smoke , also you should be able to customize the smoke colour , and maybe upgrade the burn time . . ? ), 
  - the dinghy and cargobob to buy : this one is self-explanitory , the ability to buy the dinghy from www.docktease.com and the cargobob from www.warstockcacheandcarry.com ( do n't know the urls by heart , correct me if i 'm wrong . ), 
  - more server customization : no cops , no radar , no personal weapons , no killing other players , toggle wildlife , vehicle class spawns in street ( normal  coupes  sports  muscle  super ect ... ) , player health ( minimum  low  normal  high  maximum  invincible ) , npc/npc vehicle spawns ( off  low  normal  high . 
  i know this would strain the servers a lot more . 
  ) , a video editor / `` theator mode '' , cheats from sp ( you could get a list and toggle them individually or toggle all ) , vehicle restrictions ( do n't like a specific vehicle ? 
  just turn them off ) and the ability for anyone on the server to vote on an option and it would show up on everyones feed ie : `` xxnoobfagxx has voted to turn off tanks . 
  go to the `` vote '' menu to vote '' ( feel free to add some that you think would be cool . ), 
  - new van : they should add a 4-6 person van , fully customizable ( i want it in matte black with tinted windows ) , no windows on the `` back '' part of the van , and it should be fast . 
  ( for heists ), 
  - weapons : i do n't have too many wishes for new weapons , a lock-on rocket launcher would be nice for tanks and planes/helis , and a smoke bomb with customizable smoke colour . 
  - real stealth : one of the things i want the most from this list is a real stealth feel , being able to sneak into fort zancudo without getting a 4 star wanted level , taking out police without getting 3 stars if noone else is around , no witnisses = no stars , and maybe being able to go off the radar by being stealth for more than 10 seconds ... ? 
  i think these features would be nice in online , and would really freshen up the feel of it , feel free to tell me what you think , i will be updating the post with personal ideas and my favorite comments ideas . 
  also , i know r * wo n't add most of these things . 
  i finally joined the crew today , hope i can get some new friends , sorry if this is against the rules or something but i 'm hoping that someone can add me on psn ; ( ghostmw2awsome ) and preferably on skype too ; ( ghostmw2awsome ) . 
  i know this is kinda stupid , but i really want someone new to play with and not just people who kill me the second they see me either . 
  ( if you 're wondering i 'm rank 87 if it matters . ), 
  message `` ghostmw2awsome '' if you 're interested !, 
  [ psn ], 
  i know i 'm probably not gon na get any ` submissions \u00b4 but i have to try . 
  looking for 3 people to play zombies with on ps3 regularly , should have skype ( better quality than in game mics , if you do n't have it it 's easy and free to download from skype.com ) , preferably decent english , has black ops 1 ( including dlc ) , over the age of 15 , no gender specifications , should be able/willing to play more than 2 days a week . 
  ( also , i live in norway +1 gmt if it matters ), 
  i myself currently have black ops 1 ( + rezzurection + first strike ) and am going to buy black ops 2 within the next few days/weeks . 
  if you 're interested please either comment on this post , add me on skype ( ghostmw2awsome ) or add me on psn ( ghostmw2awsome ) and tell me that you 're from here . 
  you do not have to cover every specification of this post , please comment even if you do n't !, 
  ( sorry if this post is breaking any rules ), 
  i know i 'm probably not gon na get any ` submissions \u00b4 but i have to try .
