  holy shit that 'd be interesting . 
  inb4 5 twitches , just win the game in the preparation phase . 
  yeah , i think that 's the biggest issue this election is that online it looks like `` intolerant bigoted cunts vs different intolerant bigoted cunts '' rather than what it actually is . 
  honestly 90 % of the reason i keep posting here is because yankbot it amazing . 
  oh yeah , i forgot to mention i play th solo or with one friend 99 % of the time . 
  well , they were n't great at posting things that paint trump in a bad light either . 
  ah , the little highlight in her hair in requiem . 
  i do n't know much about carson , what 's so bad about him ? 
  if america elects trump again i vote we should just nuke them and make canada the new superpower . 
  also the ` after ' picture is taken at a bad time . 
  oh god . 
  ah , thanks . 
  lmao , i never thought of the connection before . 
  yup , they ca n't charge you to play a beta or demo . 
  clearly the uk is n't getting red crow . 
  just need to pick good flanks really , that being said many maps it 's hard because people watch their flanks and corners much more than at launch . 
  after you get used to the strange layout and way things work , alien blue is amazing . 
  although the built in embed for imgur and various other medias is awful . 
  honestly that 's like the weapons in bo3 and iw that people complain about . 
  you ca n't pay for them but also earn them with in game currency , yet people hate them . 
  '' * ubisoft have decided to award every new player this weekend with a fuze , to learn the game quicker , as well as making all the playlists hostage only . 
  oh god that ` e ' . 
  i got it on day 2 because i had only heard good things about it . 
  how much does it cost if you trade it ? 
  i looked at a few video reviews and posted to reddit about it and everyone said it was pretty fun . 
  nope , sarah palin too . 
  he was late for his plane on 9/11 . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's what it 's referring to . 
  exactly , or shouting `` welcome mat '' 4 times before someone vaults a shield before they try shooting it out mid-vault with a pistol with 3 bullets left or a dmr . 
  framerate or connection ? 
  either way it 's been fine for me . 
  how hard can it be to get ? 
  it 's pretty straight forward . 
  nothing wrong with it , i 'm just saying it 's annoying to try to play casual when it 's mostly level 100 + golds trying to get easy kills because of the free weekend . 
  using strats that i do n't wan na need to counter , hence playing casual . 
  i do , that 's just not the point i 'm making . 
  what i mean is that if i wanted to play against people that severely out skill me , i would n't be playing casual . 
  there you go , ca n't generalize like that , he 's * diverse * . 
  ah , so there 's no way to actually play casually . 
  nice . 
  they 're very different games . 
  bo3 has seen a resurgence since customs came out there too . 
  yup , they * have * to make sure that people who like the game know it 's a `` stale piece of shit that 's the same every year '' and `` is too different and needs to go back to its roots '' . 
  cod and siege are completely different games , no point in trying to compare them . 
  i thought trump was fine with gay rights , and it 's all the people around him ( mike pence ) who are against it ? 
  link ? 
  yeah but i 'm saying that `` battlefield is much better '' is opinion since the games ca n't really be objectively compared . 
  i love how they always say things like `` we won 2 world wars '' and go on to imply that they won vietnam and the cold war as well . 
  sure you did guys , it 's the other countries who 's education system lies to them about history . 
  but we 'd solve overpopulation . 
  that 's literally 100x more people than died in 9/11 , but i guess they do n't matter , 9/11 was irrelevant since basically nobody died . 
  good point . 
  i was wondering if he had said something homophobic recently but you argue a good point . 
  aw shit , this is a tough one . 
  not rapey enough . 
  honestly , the only reason i knew this was n't real is because he was in washington yesterday and i would 've heard before now . 
  interesting , yeah idk mine has been fine all day . 
  basically / r/the _ dickhead after he got endorsed , posting that pic of hillary with a kkk member . 
  e : why the downvotes ? 
  yeah , i honestly do n't know who it is other than that there 's a picture of him with a klan hood . 
  i just mean that battlefield 's not trying to be cod , and cod 's not trying to be battlefield . 
  you 're talking about how much better siege is than cod , which is comparing them . 
  what was the last cod game you played ? 
  your opinion may be that bananas tastes better than airplanes but it does n't make it a good comparison . 
  south park . 
   spawn camping is easy because they 're predictable . 
  there is no tactics at all , just run and gun nonsense . 
  except that you have n't played it for 4 years so you ca n't really comment on how bad it is now . 
  i 'm saying that they 're very different games with different play-styles so it 's not useful to compare them . 
  i think i need to switch up my meta after reading this thread . 
  they play completely differently , there 's not objectivity , that 's just what i 'm saying . 
  some people like cod and some people like battlefield , there 's no saying that tdm is better on battlefield because that 's an opinion . 
  lmao, 
  argh that scream . 
  i 'm just saying it 'd be nice to play a chill game of siege where i do n't need to be on the mic with my teammates trying to coordinate cams and spawnkills . 
  lmao , what a strange way to bring it up . 
  attractive , young , japanese , rich , game developer . 
  i think the similarities are many enough for it not to be offensive . 
  about right . 
  yeah , i 'm not trying to argue their point here , i 'm just saying what i 've seen without any further investigation . 
  exactly , people online always act like it 's everyone else being stupid and they 're just using common sense but that 's how * every * expert in something feels . 
  this is n't an opposing opinion what do you mean ? 
  i was gon na say it 's just his face that 's orange but he seems like the kinda guy to touch his own face a lot . 
  what a dick , does he have no respect for the people around him shouting and making a scene like that ? 
  i honestly do n't even know if anything bad ever happened to hawaii or if that woman was just being a cunt . 
  yeah , a big issue with trump is that he is just not respected . 
  america has become the laughing stock of the world . 
  brainwashed , or look at his beliefs , ideas , policies and statements and make up their own mind ? 
  is n't it strange how basically every developed country outside of the us thinks he 's a bad choice for president ? 
  can we stop saying `` cringy '' for everything ? 
  it 's a dick move , not cringy . 
  i feel completely fine living in norway and avoiding all the stupid shit america 's in the middle of all the time , and by the laughingstock comment , i meant that most developed countries have made fun of america because nobody takes a country that elects a reality show star with no political experience , as their president seriously . 
  same goes for nk . 
  do you think their citizens have a lot of care for what other countries think of them ? 
  no , but that does n't mean they have a stupid-ass leader , that nobody can take seriously . 
  it does n't matter how hard he worked for it , the rest of the world still see him for what he is ; unfit to be president . 
  he 's an idiot , and no matter how bad hillary was , at least she knows what the president * does * . 
  i 'm not arguing for hillary though , i 'm just saying that the rest of the world do n't respect a country that elect him as president . 
  proven by people like you lol . 
  also since it 's only in custom games lol .
