  i always thought it was a lazy attempt at an lmg . 
  it was in their tweet yesterday , ca n't find it on mobile . 
  siege has a different appeal from gta . 
  lose the 4-4 when 2 of your friends timeout . 
  new mode , map and operators confirmed . 
  update 's called `` tea party '' . 
  it 's * barbed * wire , because , well , it 's barbed , not short for barbara . 
  what 's this meme ? 
  good text effects but not really a great gif . 
  no , it 's like you saying `` trump is bad at running for president '' and someone replying `` well he won so he must have done something right '' . 
  editor mode ... ? 
  there 's no important audio in the video , so nothing would be lost , it 's easier to watch at school/work/with people around , it uses less mobile data if you 're not on wifi and it works with hover zoom/images and other useful extensions . 
  oh lmao , i meant the `` frost = buck '' thing i 've seen on this sub in the last few days so i thought you meant did he say sorry because he 's on your team . 
  this also confirmes he lied when he said he would only serve one term . 
  ( i know right , trump * lying * ? ), 
   ** date : ** 1 september 1939 -- 2 september 1945, 
  this is a fact about when the war started , not a debate about what started the war , or happened before it . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii, 
  that makes 0 sense , i get the `` kkk supports trump '' meme but isis members will literally murder people who do n't align with their views . 
  when is the vote ? 
  how hard is it to calculate 40x in your head , honestly ? 
  situations ... ? 
  but the melee hit the enemy ... ? 
  similar thing happened to me with reinforcements the other day , except it finished if you held it for a few seconds . 
  this was just as the servers were failing though . 
  thanks , 
  oh lol , my bad haha , hoping for ghost recon being good then ... 
  ah , weird , i 've only seen it the last 2 days ... 
  thanks though . 
  i do n't think this is simply melee being broken , it seems like this is displaying something more . 
  i 've never seen a melee hit connect and not work in this game . 
  holy fuck you have no clue how salty would be if my game went from 5-5 to 2-5 in a few seconds because of a glitch . 
  i like how he busts at the end . 
  yeah , i 'm thinking something like that happened , also could have been pulse if he saw he was headed in that direction . 
  i get that he hears op , but the point is that this is fucking bullshit and not `` realistic '' . 
  wrong . 
  there was cake at the funeral i was at a few weeks ago , definitely the happiest day of somebody 's life . 
  so , transformers ? 
  i feel like someone offended should be correcting you but nobody is lol . 
  yeah i know , i meant for the first explosion though . 
  a cahr hole, 
  wow , i just witnessed a multi-comment thread about trump without any toxic replies , memes truly * can * do anything . 
  as proven by trump winning . 
  is he still an actor ? 
  i did , 
  yeah , this is the kinda thing where you hear a few months later that the actor actually hated it but now the actual people running the lazytown yt and the actors have embraced it . 
  truly a great time to be alive . 
  i like that you may have unintentionally a started a meme here , one for the history books . 
  that 's why i said it could have been pulse . 
  i wonder what the craziest thing to ever happen was , but never got recorded . 
  i ca n't imagine any real person would hear someone planting a breach charge over the reinforcing sound , then lock on to your head and kill you instantly . 
  what a beautiful cat , reminds me of my old bengal ... and now i 'm sad :(, 
  not what i meant , i 'm just saying that it 's not really interesting/funny apart from the text effects . 
  i 'm sad that my question had an answer ... 
  ah , good catch , was watching it on my phone at 6am so that explains why i did n't notice lol . 
  by pulse maybe , idk ... 
  that 'd be cool . 
  you should watch it if you 're even remotely into silly action-comedies . 
  never had this happen , i 'm plat 1/gold 4 . 
  i guess when you drone first it 's safer . 
  all downhill from [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/a/poj9y ) boys ... 
  what i like is that contrary to cod where every new game replaces the last , bf games can co-exist on the same platform , like bf1 satisfies a different need from bf4 , which is different from hardline . 
  not hating on cod , just saying i prefer when they make the games to last . 
  ca n't quite remember the name , think it 's in the naval strike map pack . 
  edit : it 's `` operation mortar '' from the naval strike pack . 
  `` mr. trump would you like to respond to your sexual assault allegations ? '', 
  `` i will knock the hell out of isis '', 
  have they addressed , will they ever or is there a easy way to filter hardcore in the server browser ? 
  when does this go live ? 
  mods pls sticky , this is far more relevant than either of the existing stickies . 
  at least until the stream then post an updated version . 
  it 's weird how many people seemingly have cakedays this time-a-year , some random guy i looked at earlier today was a few days ago , i was on the 10th , this guy right now , and i just feel like i see it more overall . 
  ah , so they can be made public any day between ? 
  or is it 100 % gon na be jan 6 ? 
  me too lmao , at first i was like `` damn , i must have watched just the right ones to get these references '', 
  what happened ? 
  very probable , i do hang out here a lot . 
  i 'm 3 years old on the site but that 's just a coincidence i guess . 
  actually very probably . 
  his experience is having lived in government housing ... like colbert said ; `` now for the surgeon general , a guy who went to the doctor once '', 
  interesting , not hyped about trying to figure out all the formatting but i guess i 'll give it a go . 
  i understand the mechanics , but having tried to re-format hard drives before , it 's not something i have fun doing . 
  oh really ? 
  awesome !, 
  backing up will be a pain though , nearly 60 gb of saved media lmao . 
  first time in history anybody 's gotten a kill with the impact nade . 
  has it started for anyone yet ? 
  i can not fucking believe they 're 3 minutes late cancelling my pre-order, 
  - jeez bb shield sucks now ... ( 60hp rather than 150hp + longer ads time ), 
  - smoke buff is nice , helps his pick rate a bit ... ( he can throw grenades farther ), 
  - lmao `` lord '' on chanka 's shield, 
  - fuze buff is cool , rip hostages . 
  ( he gets 3 charges and the grenades are bigger ), 
  - bandit 4 batteries is nice , since they were useless before kinda , one problem is that his pickrate is already super high so it does n't seem super necessary . 
  ( also seems like they might have buffed barbed wire , slower movement , have n't mentioned anything yet ), 
  - glaz sniper buff is interesting . 
  probably wo n't affect pick-rate too much since fire rate  stopping power, 
  - buffed all russians except for kapkan , good thing they 're getting some love . 
  - smg 's lowered recoil , ump , 9mm c1 , m12 and smoke 's smg ( do n't remember name ), 
  - sields now block nitro cell , cool , a bit much with monty only taking 10-30 damage though .
