  yeah but doc 's ability is n't specifically designed to benefit every member of the team for an entire round . 
  references and ads are very different . 
  or you know , just use common sense , there 's only 10,000 4 digit numbers ... 
  good point , thanks , i got in a big argument with someone i know about how many 4 digit numbers there are , so it 's a bit of a touchy subject . 
  to spare you the details their main argument was that i `` was n't taking into account more random sequences '' . 
  til : people really fucking hate ads . 
  yeah , it 's because many americans are desperate to be `` exotic '' and have a cool ethnicity other than american so as soon as you mention being from europe to them they 'll tell you all about their french bulldog . 
  i 'm completely fine with it , i do n't care one bit , and might even get watch dogs when i get money for it , i 'm just saying that watch dogs having references to siege is different from siege literally telling you to buy watch dogs so ubisoft can get more money . 
  i 'd imagine it 's more annoying to asian or black people who might take it as someone not believing that they 're from the country they 're in . 
  ( like the australian pm being asked how she `` got '' an australian passport when she got to the us ), 
  i would n't imagine it would bother people who looked like they were native . 
  ( a chinese person in china , a black person in kenya , a white person in the us ), 
  i think she was my first meme , among some of the greats . 
  hitler cat , icanhazcheezeburger , rage comics , and wat grandma . 
  rip, 
   2 hours old, 
  yeah , like trump calling the theater a `` safe space for mike pence '' when all his supporters hate anyone who mentions those words . 
  i think the joke is more that vegans seem to bring it up just because they want to rather than when it 's relevant . 
  well , most of the people whining are whining because the people they 're upset about do n't seem to know the definition of feminism . 
  yeah , it 's a bit jarring nowadays to be on reddit and see blatant woman hating and religion shaming rather than the accepting place it seemed like when i joined . 
  i ca n't fucking believe such a stupid fuck would even bother commenting . 
  this is such a stupid comment , i do n't even know where to start . 
  i remember at least but the media stopped reporting on it and it does n't seem to be affecting me or anyone i care about so there 's no real point for me to stay up to date or care about it . 
  `` h * ckin '' is still hilarious though . 
  yeah , it all started with the great 4chan migration of 2015 . 
  or `` cuck '' , or `` go back to _______ '' . 
  you 're putting words in my mouth , `` telling '' \u2260 `` forcing '' . 
  i guess mine would be `` generalizing how people act in real life based on the majority opinion on a website they use '' . 
  lol , why are you being downvoted ? 
  you 're arguing their point . 
  fuck , you * do * make a convincing argument . 
  also i 'd like to point out that i was very close to downvoting you before i realized the context lol . 
  `` if i was president , gettin ' off is the first order of business once i get in office . '', 
  what 's weird about that sub is how correctly they predict when a meme will be popular . 
  `` the second thing that 'll make me happy , walkin ' up to uncle sam , naked , lauging . 
  dick cupped in hand , screamin ' fuck safe sex , throw a latex and an aids test at 'em and tell congress i run this land , and i want the rubber ** banned ** . 
  and make it snappy . '', 
  does n't matter what your stance on trump is if he disagrees with you . 
  holy fucking shit , imagine if valve just put it up on steam , without any promotion beforehand and not even adding it to the featured section , some random dude just notices and posts it to / r/gaming . 
  that trump is part of those elitist snobs . 
  actually it 's 80 in dog years , the first year is 10 then it 's 7/year . 
  a single burst will cut a man in half, 
  ea seem to have perfected it already though , with the way seamlessly fuck us in the ass . 
  could this happen in a vacuum ? 
  yeah , agreed it 's a bit dumb , i was just pointing something extra out of you did n't notice . 
  yeah , i half expected him to play ben in rogue one based on how much he wanted to . 
  this is n't snl ... 
  anyone know where this is ? 
  seemless assrape ? 
  more cookie dough for me . 
  i 'm sad that we let the world get to this point ... 
  the idea is to keep it consistent , if his suit was like that in anh it had to be like that in rogue one . 
  how come ? 
  is n't it a well known fact that things that are made in china are commonly lower quality ? 
  also a reason for csgo never becoming popular on console is because it was only on the 360 and the game did n't hit its stride before new gen. 
  i 've got ta ask , why do n't you lean more ? 
  seems like it 'd leave you less exposed . 
  yeah , i originally had it as `` most big game companies '' but thought it 'd be better if it was more personal lol . 
  thanks . 
  beaming thoughts into each other 's heads using sound ? 
  you mean , kinda like humans ? 
  what specifically ? 
  what ? 
  i mean which lines . 
  lost it when he panned right to the boobs . 
  seems like this needs testing . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's 12 . 
  they said that they liked it and thought it was funny , and there are more important bugs for them to be working on . 
  nothing infuriates me more than losing a game of secure area because the last teammate is watching the door when it 's contested . 
  depressingly there 's no platform this game is on that does n't have a decent screenshot feature , yet people take pics of their screens all the time . 
  / u/its _ epi, 
  sadly that 's not even an exaggeration . 
  leaning without aiming , please ubi , we all know it 's doable . 
  there 's been many suggestions that could work , the best one i could think of is keeping your leaning status from when you 're aimed down sight and being able to toggle it in the settings . 
  it was about 1 meter away , as for the rook i 'll have to get back to you on that . 
  nope , capitao on attack . 
  it was point blank outside of cover . 
  they did have a rook . 
  neck shots are now one-shot-kills so that 's not it . 
  neck shots do n't say `` headshot '' so that 's definitely not it . 
  yeah , just make them better optimized and remove the transition animations . 
  oh trust me , it sucks on console too . 
  here 's the video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lqed0mchig, 
  ** warning : my microphone was messed up so there 's a loud , high pitched beep throughout the video , turn your volume down or off before viewing . 
  edit : fixed the privacy setting . 
  ca n't tell if this is a suggestion or a question . 
  oh shit , my bad , it 's fixed now . 
  ca n't imagine there 's any way this is n't a terrorist attack . 
  it 's so frustrating that there 's so many of them and they have to be on reddit of all places . 
  fuck anyone who identifies as part of the alt-right or thinks that europe is a dangerous place because there have been terror attacks here . 
  or they 've been taking in people who have been torn from their fucking war torn homes , jesus christ this website sometimes ... 
  why does it matter what religion the people who are dying identify with ? 
  faster movement , wider field of view , easier holding angles . 
  pretty much every pro-league player uses it constantly , there 's plenty of use for it . 
  really ? 
  you have a source on that ? 
  i have n't heard of it before . 
  +1 , the current one is beyond repair imo , just scrap it and work on a new one for s1y2 . 
  was n't bad , he just shot a few shots before dropping the camera to the floor . 
  you could n't even tell that the bullets were hitting .
