  well someone needs to , since jimmy 's not there anymore . 
  a friend of mine was bragging to me about having `` faggot cunt '' on his gun last night . 
  i also think it 's more tactial than bf : h. 
  that 's when i 'll just revive 12 hp and give them a medkit . 
  i know i 'm late but the sub is more just `` overly '' descriprive titles for reaction gifs . 
  i 'm in class and i 'm trying soo hard not to laugh at this . 
  i 've done it with a grenade but because it 's so risky it 's only worth doing in extreme situations . 
  lmfao , this is hilarious . 
  if i were spectating you in that game i 'd be so pissed . 
  i usually get ice staff on round 5 . 
  it 's all about tactics . 
  i have a few with / u/ncc17 , the most recent one i think was when we did a `` bus only '' challenge on tranzit and it was super intense . 
  he has a highlight clip on youtube that i could link if anyone cares . 
  did you get the reference though ? 
  i 've been thinking about getting this game for a while now but now that i found out it comes out on the 1st i 'm pretty sure i 'll get it . 
  quick question though , will it feel like the ground zeroes game ? 
  these are all full game downloads . 
  he was making a joke as to how it took 1 year and 7 months from the original release to come to pc . 
  me too , no isps have fiber where i live yet so i have `` 5 mbps '' that 's actually more like < 2mbps . 
  oh , i though it would 've been the ps + version and that destiny was just the first part of the download . 
  idk why but hugging is the best and all guys act like they hate it . 
  bare-ass bears ? 
  the way he puts his hat back on :p, 
  there 's also one on the `` identity '' menu . 
  i really liked the feel of ground zeroes but it was very small and restricted , hopefully tpp will be better . 
  i was thinking maybe theater mode if we 're lucky , other than that i have no idea . 
  but why in the options menu ? 
  it might make sense . 
  i was thinking zombies would be at the main menu with that cool guy . 
  that 's actually what my friend suggested . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpf0hidxhhc ), 
  ( i 'm yellow player ), 
  i do n't understand your question . 
  the witcher . 
  it 's not a horrible game it 's just not for me , i also spent about $ 70 on it . 
  if not i 'll fucking sue those assholes . 
  no but really i hope so . 
  someone in the comments on the website was pissed because they were forgetting `` the consoles that made this game famous '' . 
  lol , doubt it but i wo n't rain on your parade . 
  i had just killed the griffin . 
  i think you 're the second person to say that to me in the last 24 hours . 
  edit : found the other one , `` that sounds really cool , / u/thegiantgraydildo69 '' . 
  yeah , i know a lot of people on this sub prefer the indie games but i want more games like mgs and more aaa titles . 
  oh , i 've seen a lot of people saying that they were happy about games i 've never heard of/look pretty bad . 
  haha , thanks . 
  it was a lot of fun !, 
  doubt it 's anything of interest . 
  i did notice that it was a weird code though . 
  i feel like the landing gear was an accurate representation of whoever was playing 's asshole . 
  oh god , i do n't know what it is but if i peel a orange and the smell gets on my hands i ca n't rest until it comes off . 
  what does it say ? 
  but have you seen jfk ? 
  is n't that pretty little ? 
  * not really sure about normal wages . 
  i 'm in class trying sooo hard not to laugh right now . 
  cat allergies are n't a thing , it 's just constant pinkeye if you 're around a cat . 
  if you liked aw you 'll probably like it . 
  if you did n't like aw you 'll probably like it . 
  it took the best parts from the last 5 cods and put them together . 
  my friend said he got 2 friend codes with his digital pre-order . 
  sorry ps3/360 . 
  oh yeah , i 've had it for a while now and did n't notice when taking the screenshot . 
  yeah sorry , i added it a while ago and now i do n't notice . 
  friends !, 
  which reference ? 
  it 's set to , but it only shows up on certain subreddits . 
  ** guys , sorry about my font !, 
  that really sucks . 
  as someone who has a very unhealthy relationship with my dad this makes me sad . 
  i 've never had that happen to me :(, 
  can you link me the post when you post it ? 
  i have a mac and want to use them all as my backgrounds . 
  sweet man , thanks . 
  you 've probably not been to youtube lately . 
  sorry , it 's pretty late . 
  it was his driveway . 
  i think this is the first comment not making fun of my grammar mistake . 
  i still wonder what would 've happened if i had no grammar mistakes . 
  in my opinion treyarch have always been the best cod devs . 
  just rolls off the tounge . 
  / r/outside, 
  as someone who plays both : the thing i love about battlefield is the random unscripted awesomeness that cod just ca n't replicate . 
  meta as balls . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  he 's probably gon na die within the next few hours . 
  that sounds interesting . 
  link ? 
  woah , that 's fucking insane . 
  get 's shot 27 times then kills 4 people , truly one of the most amazing thing 's i 've heard . 
  edit : did n't finish the video , apparantly he then walked to his helicopter and flew to safety . 
  aka norway :p, 
  that 's hilarious , i just now realised that he 's just a normal cod player like the rest of us . 
  ahh, 
  he did n't die . 
  update : he died . 
  this always sucks on ps4 because if you have a headset with mic connected it 's always on and no way i know of to mute yourself except going into a party chat . 
  and i 'm a month late to upvote your post .
