  hey op , you 're being a drama lama . 
  yeah , i just mean that having large quantities of stupid people , leads to some stupid results in voting . 
  do n't you fucking assume anything here . 
  i had no clue of this . 
  maybe asmr would have an effect on me if i watched the video instead of playing shooters while listening to the audio lol . 
  well , as long as it 's not dead in the picture i do n't see anything wrong . 
  it 's basically the equivalent of people posting a picture of their cat because it passed away . 
   black bear, 
  or blackies , if you will . 
  actually , maybe not ... 
  is this singular word for polish people ` pole ' ? 
  is it because she 's black ? 
  and fat ? 
  and furry ? 
  and liked salmon fresh from the stream ? 
  and was n't human ? 
  that 's adrenaline for you . 
  i do feel bad for the bear , it did n't really do anything wrong to deserve it , just in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
  the way the comment was worded made it imply that he meant when the lawyer made those claims . 
  woah , do n't sell him short here . 
  honestly , it did n't hit me until just now that this is arguably the most powerful job on earth , and this fucking idiot is 10 % of americans away from having it . 
  yup , and he bragged that since he owned/hosted the pageant , he could just hang out in the dressing room and they could n't do anything about it . 
  honestly , at this point i ca n't even tell if that 's you clearing up what he said , or a direct quote . 
  when i wrote that comment i was kinda just making fun then i looked at the picture and it had its eyes closed . 
  well that sucks , you 're right . 
  yup , heard a story about a guy who went blind because he disconnected his optic nerve from vomiting too hard . 
  that 's when i realized that there 's no point in being scared of these things , just use your best judgement and be grateful for your life . 
  suicide bombers is something i struggle with too , like where i live i do n't think there 's been an islamic terrorist attack for at least 10-20 years , if ever , so there 's really nothing to be afraid of , but the news does such a great job of scare mongering . 
  at first i liked it , and although i was wondering about the characters decisions sometimes , it was still fine . 
  then i looked at the reddit discussion threads that were pointing out all the plot holes and dumb decisions that i was just angry any time any character did anything lol . 
  yeah , are n't most of the old cameras they used to film movies on super high res as well ? 
  iirc they have near infinite resolution because they have no compression or digitization , but the quality of the actual film varied , which makes them look a lot worse than modern movies . 
  yeah , thanks for not banning lol , will keep in mind in the future . 
  yeah , like every single episode there 's just some new , ridiculous extent the characters go to in terms of stupidity . 
  i do n't want to , but i know i 'll probably end up watching the new season whenever it comes out on hbo go . 
  well , we do n't know the full story , it 's possible that this girl is a serial-dickpicasker , if you will . 
  lmao , he had some crazy flows in that song . 
  fine line and right for me ( listen to the first 20 seconds ) too , pretty amazing . 
   `` what up ma ? 
  i 'm applyin ' for the rim job , are you hiring ? 
  i 'm hopin ' to fill up your openin ' , oh but i know i got ta meet a lotta requirements . '', 
  does n't really fit the tone of the song but love it nonetheless . 
  true , looking through the list right now there 's quite a few songs i 'm not a fan of but most of em 's solo ones are pretty good . 
  the only ones that eminem is on that i do n't like are die alone , guts over fear and twisted . 
  erh ... 
  so , why are you dumb ? 
   `` when i go out , i ` mma go out shootin ' . 
  i do n't mean when i die , i mean when i go out to the club , stupid ! '', 
  honestly one of my favourite lines of all time , just because of how much it caught me off guard the first time . 
  i bet he 's the one who tweeted this : https://twitter.com/eminem/status/16798843896, 
  role model ? 
  yeah , one of my favorites , love the beat too . 
  was n't quite sure because i 'm really bad at correlating lyrics with the song title lol . 
  it 's a great way to put life into perspective and get motivated . 
  lmao , great comment . 
  would he bring her to putin by the pussy ? 
  lmao , yesterday it was at 57 or something , the trumpeters are massively triggered . 
  very me_irl, 
  there is no `` pre-alpha '' , the first build of a game is the alpha . 
  true , but really anything with any gameplay is alpha , not pre-alpha , is what i meant . 
  seriously though , would there be any downsides to a president being able to do 3 terms if he wins the popular vote without campaigning ? 
  i think that 's just `` hey look at this cool early development game , come play it '' more than `` this game is literally just concept art and storyboarding '' . 
  me too , i 'm just in it for the memes at this point , and i agree that it 's stupid how much of a divide it has caused in the reddit community . 
  53 % right now , 53,200 people have voted on this post , that 's more people that lived in chernobyl , and it has 3192 points ... 
  pretty insane . 
  pewds and markiplier are n't what youtube care about though , youtube make nearly 90 % of their revenue from music and family friendly channels , the gamers , although most subscribed , are inconsequential . 
  what do you mean he 's milking it ? 
  3 am has such an amazing rhyme scheme in the beginning , one of my favourites ever honestly . 
   `` you 're walkin ' down a horror corridor, 
   it 's almost four in the mornin ', 
   and you 're in a nightmare, 
   it 's horrible, 
   right there 's the coroner, 
   waitin ' for you, 
   to turn the corner, 
   so he can corner ya, 
   your a goner, 
   he 's on a ya, 
   out the corner of his cornea, 
   he just saw you run, 
   all you want is to rest, 
   cause you ca n't run anymore, 
   you 're done '', 
  i guess i was wrong . 
  still nothing compared to a channel like [ ryantoysreview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uchgjghz9soohvbb0y4doo_w/videos?&amp;ab_channel=ryantoysreview ) , which in the last month has gotten over 500 million views , bringing in anywhere between $ 1,000,000 and $ 10,000,000 for youtube . 
  that 's more views than pewdiepie and casey neistat put together , even with casey coming off one of his best months yet , with 2 quite viral videos and one highly controversial video . 
  yet pretty much everyone runs for a second term . 
  i 'd like to do this but jesus fuck those controllers are expensive . 
  i could just buy a brand new aaa for that price !, 
  seems pretty clunky or uncomfortable to use , + they looked fucking tiny , as a guy with huge hands , please do n't be tiny . 
  i 'd love to get another controller so i 'm not forced to play with my short-ass charger . 
  trump gets spray tanned ? 
  what a world ... 
  have you seen melanias face ? 
  it 's extremely obvious that he does n't have a clue . 
  or the just as likely explanation , he has a micropenis . 
  honestly , that might have been my favourite trump moment ever , it was just a nice wisecrack making fun of himself . 
  is what i thought at the time , looking back , i 'd be surprised if he was n't actually upset about it . 
  yeah , when hillary brought it up in the 1st or 2nd debate , i had already heard the audio , so i thought it was a bit unfair , then he starts shouting about how he never said it , and was against it all along and i lost any and all sympathy immediately . 
  i swear he was this fucking close from saying that nafta was literally hitler .
