  because he used big words ? 
  i tried for a good 15 minutes to get as much info as possible into the title without going over the character limit . 
  sorry it did n't work out :(, 
  that 's the article i was reading when i came across this topic haha . 
  lmao , you 're the only one here who deserves to be in / r/iamverysmart , he mentions a relevant fact , then you take your time to insult him and me just to correct him ... idk how he 's the arrogant one here . 
  i agree but i think this time it 's warranted because the title says gta . 
  fair enough . 
  2 hours by plane maybe lol . 
  just listened to the amelia earhart episodes and i 'm having a ball with astonishing legends . 
  lots of great podcasts getting recommended on reddit . 
  lmao , he has less ads on his videos than 90 % of youtubers with 1,000,000 + subs . 
  yup , had a 4 hour flight yesterday on one of those cheapo airlines , literally spent the entire evening lying down because my knees were fucked . 
  `` it 's like apples to oranges '' bitch that phrase do n't make no sense why ca n't fruit be compared ? 
  it 's because trans people are n't allowed in the military . 
  why is it an issue ? 
  i get it sucks getting matched against higher leveled players is it really worth ubi spending a lot of time on ? 
  what rank are you ? 
  [ here 's the reaction + last kill if anyone wants to check it out . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojadu_ml5v4 ), 
  from what i can gather , nasa lie about it to get more funding from the government , but the thing is , the government is in on the conspiracy , so i do n't get why nasa 's faking it for money when the government can just say they 're making a rainy day fund or something if they wanted to keep taxpayer money . 
  seems like it 'd be easier to just make a shell company that does n't require millions of people to conspire together just to get a few billion dollars . 
  what annoys me is that all the people i know of who believe in a flat earth formed their theory because they looked at the ground and decided they know better than 500 years of science . 
  nah that 'd make too much sense lol . 
  i think the idea is that there 's no gravity and the earth is just a disc constantly moving upwards so the downwards force is what brings us back down , and there is no `` space '', 
  from the website :, 
   `` usually considered to be the most likely motive , this suggests that nasa is primarily an embezzlement front . 
  the conspiracy spends millions of dollars in bribing astronauts , faking photographs , and other ways of faking space exploration , but nasa 's budget is in the billions , so the conspirators still receive a large profit yearly . '', 
  so basically one of the most complicated conspiracies to uphold in history , for a few billion a year . 
  to answer your question :, 
   `` q : if the world was really flat , what would happen if you jump off the disc 's edge ? '', 
   `` a : in the general model , you would become directly affected by dark energy as the earth is , creating the illusion that you are standing next to the earth . '', 
  so from what i can tell , everything outside of earth is the sun , the moon , stars and `` dark energy '' , and the starts are a product of dark energy that are n't actually any bigger than they appear . 
  the moon and the sun are 52km away from earth and have a mild gravitational pull , which makes gravity change slightly depending on where you are on earth . 
  of course . 
  i 'm really hoping you change this to `` why did you pursue a career as a kinder garden teacher ? '', 
  he tanked like 15 bullets , it was a bit of a potato yeah but that was mostly due to connection . 
  oh rip , yeah , the point of the post is just that the game is in a bad state . 
  no , it was 75 ~ then spiked after i died . 
  look at the bottom left , it says the real-time ping . 
  not sure exactly what the issue is , either hitreg , packet loss or lag-compensation . 
  either way it should n't be present in such high level competitive gameplay . 
  i had 79 ping during the engagement and after i died i checked the scoreboard and thermite had the same . 
  yeah , a bit of an oversight , hard to notice when i 'm in a gunfight but i knew there would be enemies close . 
  highest level there is on console . 
  how about you slow it down and pay attention ... ? 
  fuck off with that elitism . 
  it 's not mlg , it 's major league on esl and it 's the qualifiers , not like these are the top players in eu . 
  high gold/plat is n't representative of major league players lol . 
  why is everyone so salty that you can play the game how you want ? 
  `` if you do n't use my preferred way of moving around in game you ca n't have fun and play competitively . '', 
  idk , i think it 's a mix of needing to feel validated that they spent a lot of money on a pc , and just having annoying personalities . 
  i put at least 10 bullets into him , i 've watched the clip dozens of times , it was for sure connection/hitreg . 
  i understand what you 're trying to say but i disagree , i watched through it frame-by-frame and compared the ammo count to where the aim was at that time , [ here 's what it added up to . 
  ] ( https://gfycat.com/pinkmisguidedbluetonguelizard ) in the end it was 9 mpx shots and 2 deagle shots , meaning that thermite should have been dead long before . 
  and an unrelated video does n't have to turn into people saying all console players are bad . 
  it was n't just a blind rush , i had calls that there was 1 person in trophy and 2 outside west main . 
  if thermite died without tanking 11 bullets i would have noticed thatcher, 
  please try to avoid being such a dick while commenting . 
  the original number was 17 shots but i went through it again and removed all the ones that only hit the edge of his clothing or his backpack . 
  my internet 's not trash lol , it was 79 ping until the entire engagement was over . 
  it 's not just me blindly complaining though , this has happened to me several times in competitive matches and i just get tired of it . 
  [ fuck off with your pc bullshit . 
  ] ( https://gfycat.com/ignorantagitatedfrigatebird?speed=0.125 ), 
  i literally hit her 3 times undeniably in the head . 
  it 's not supposed to , it 's supposed to appeal to his 10-14 year old demographic . 
  it 's to cut off lines of sight , not just because they do n't walk people getting through there . 
  `` headgears in this game are too unrealistic , but also i want a hot pink shield skin . '', 
  yeah i know , i 'm just saying , whenever people complain about headgears , it gets upvoted , but then things like this gets upvoted . 
  i 'm not saying you hold both beliefs , but the general consensus of the community seems to be both . 
  yeah , a lot , like , it literally seems to ruin the game for some people . 
  yeah but people complain about the new headgears ubi release , not the existing ones equipped by default . 
  i totally know that feeling , of just having a bit of an ignorant attitude about something then someone says something that just hits you perfectly and you completely see that you 're the asshole . 
  yeah , i 've been hit with this feeling twice in my life , once when the reply to my comment was `` it 's just a hurtful word , that 's all '' . 
  just soul crushingly innocent but makes you see that you 're in the wrong . 
  those are like the worst kind . 
  [ when you wan na be hyped for the new map but it looks a *** lot *** like favelas ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qofytzl.jpg ), 
  that 's all i need : *, 
  do n't think you should be so willfully ignorant . 
  if you look into it there 's some pretty credible sources . 
  not allowed in the military . 
  ignorance is saying that you do n't trust anything that does n't come from ubisoft themselves , from everything i 've seen , i have no reason to believe the leaks are fake . 
  it was a joke , sorry, 
  i 've been getting so pissed off at people saying that it 's `` reddit 's fault bartlett is in the game '' . 
  like fuck off , it 's not like we asked for a shitty unbalanced map , ubi said they would release it for pvp so all we did was say `` well then ? '' . 
  do n't fucking blame the reddit community when ubi fuck up . 
  `` get 5 revives '' sounds like a certain way to have a cav pick and 4 defenders at 50hp in the prep phase . 
  but why does the dog look like he 's preparing for the world chess league ? 
  i 'm gon na make a new website that always gives you less than 100 iq in the final score but says ( top 1 % of people ) , and see if it catches on getting shared on facebook . 
  that 's the point , if you 're playing a competitive game you should be compelled to do something that can hinder your team in the long run ( like lose your drone in the prep phase ) for extra points . 
  in my opinion they should keep the bonus for finding obj but remove it from scanning enemies as a whole . 
  brought this up on twitter a while ago , the r6 twitter said they 'd look into it , nothing 's come of it . 
  seems like an easy fix that would really help the qol . 
  nice c4 but i 've got ta ask , what 's that mira setup ? 
  anyone who is n't already aiming for the head is n't gon na hit you because you 're wearing that . 
  i 've been playing with 330 - 380 ping for the last few days and nothing even close to this has ever happened . 
  you play bandit c4 so odds are you ca n't aim anyways . 
  i think / u/kinggeorgetv sums it up perfectly : https://clips.twitch.tv/homelysoftboarbigbrother, 
  not with the reflex . 
  `` this will be the first time that we will be deploying actual content '', 
  you got that right .
