  no i think that was just a misleading thing the show runner did , to make you think it was the fraud and then went on to have it be the stalking . 
  but i 'm not 100 % sure though . 
  i 'm gon na mafia you so hard . 
  i 'll kick you really hard in the balls for 10 bucks . 
  can confirm , am canadian living in norway . 
  time stamp ? 
  i 've heard that every character got 1 fuck per season . 
  ahh , i wish they had that on netflix as well . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  ugh , that 's the one thing we legitimately got pissed at though when the enemies were just taking out out guys with fucking snipers on this map . 
  also flir scopes . 
  at least not preorder . 
  can you get it from kissing or just from sex ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that almost no guy would cry if that happened ... 
  crips wear blue gang colors and red is the bloods color . 
  is it a pussy ? 
  hah , i thought so . 
  idec about downvotes , this right here is why i unsubbed from / r/trees . 
  i live in norway and there 's like only 1 within a half hour drive . 
  dude , your pc is insane . 
  is it impossible to say a joke on this sub without writing / s ? 
  random fun fact , that 's actually the reason hitler had his mustache like that . 
  do you have each indivitual one as well ? 
  was n't it just that there were still undiscovered things , but not any specific map ? 
  op is talking out of his ass . 
  if you have the time check out a video called `` bus survival '' or something on tranzit by a youtuber called nixaru . 
  i 'd say it 's worse on town . 
  it 's fine , i might make one later, 
  i tried to but my internet would n't load the new ones ... ? 
  ahhh , the only thing is i 'm pretty sure it 'd be harder to have 24/7 servers on ps4 than pc . 
  that 's why you lock your fps at your monitors refresh rate . 
  thanks . 
  sweet , i did n't wan na spent too much time looking for a sub . 
  lmao , intel powered 2013 mac air masterrace . 
  oh yeah , thanks . 
  i 'll do that when i have a chance . 
  edit : done . 
  i think if you have gold it does . 
  even though i do n't think it 's that huge , i 've spent tons of time on origins just because there 's sooooo much to do on that map . 
  i do n't play a ton of pc but that makes way more sense . 
  the origins stg was fucking sexy though , never liked how skinny and awkward the waw one looked and felt . 
  i never payed for my psn preorder , it just says it will take the money from my wallet on the day it comes out and it says i can cancel it as well . 
  maybe russian ? 
  that 'd be amazing . 
  i liked the feel of bf4s campaign so maybe that . 
  wait , if this was on ps4 how are they called untitled ? 
  if you hold the brake button it 'll hold for a bit then drop . 
  this is soo accurate . 
  i know what you mean . 
  playing origins on ps3 honestly feels very next gen to me . 
  is dead rising 3 for ps4 ? 
  i know what you mean . 
  playing origins on ps3 honestly feels very next gen to me . 
  edit : i realize in hindsight that this sounded very sarcastic , it was n't actually i love bo2 . 
  this might be a stupid question but how do you access the paintjob thing ? 
  would n't let me for some reason but it works fine after i restarted the game . 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  probably early to mid september . 
  but probably not the people who are losing sales over having to tell people that their product is n't good enough . 
  not quite but close . 
  beta code ? 
  then wait to turn the power on , and save up 'till you have 7500 , then pap mustang and sally and get jugg . 
  what 's up ? 
  i meant that people will get a pc instead of a ps4 if they tell them that the pc is the only thing that can run the maps . 
  is it possible to do in other countries than the us . 
  i like how the word `` creep '' just means `` any guy you 're not interested in '' . 
  [ i 'm really confused as to what happened here ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ykcjz60.png ), 
  fuckin ' children ... 
  what if nasa photoshopped it ... ? 
  thought this was from bcs . 
  is n't this against the rules ... ? 
  demi scott, 
  i feel like i 'm on youtube . 
  who 's ? 
  i have no idea , i just pasted what the other guy said . 
  it 's been deleted . 
  the rule is that you ca n't link to one of the 50/50 links . 
  in all seriousness . 
  if they add the actual fish ai to the game i would be soo happy . 
  edit : * out of principle and making jokes , i do n't actually care about fish ai . 
  i know what you mean . 
  it 's just soo epic every time i 'm on top of c on siege and i hear the rumble and eventually just watch the tower slowly topple down . 
  link ? 
  are those on ps4 or pc only ? 
  yeah , yesterday there was a moment when my entire squad all regrouped on the building next to it and a heli came and picked us all up . 
  good call , i did n't notice . 
  i thought the other one also sucked , it has like a 5 meter range for hitmarkers . 
  on ps4 or pc only ? 
  it was n't horrible but bo was better . 
  oh , i have no idea how to access that . 
  i do n't think it 's in the server filter options ? 
  ahh , just missed the ledge :p, 
  it was on casualama . 
  edit : [ took me 30 secs . ], 
  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/3fvmw0/im_a_10_month_user_with_over_5_million_combined/ ), 
  how to get good pr . 
  looks like you moved to the side just in time . 
  ( as the only person who has n't seen it fbf ), 
  i 've noticed a ton of bugs involving the paint thing . 
  ( stuff not showing up when creating a camo , camo not showing up on weapons , camo not showing up on final killcams ),
