  there 's no reason for them not to do that . 
  i guarantee you 'll get it . 
  but , say 3 months after launch , everyone who was gon na get the legacy edition already has , then they can sell the standalone for more money from people determined to wait . 
  because you can just reply ... ? 
  cod 4 was pretty good , mw2 had it 's flaws , but was still fun at times , mw3 was when the originality and fun stopped and ghosts really took a dump on the series . 
  infinity ward have n't given us a decent cod for 7 years so it 's safe to say i 'm cautious . 
  i agree , i 've only ever heard people say it was bullshit after xb lost exclusivity . 
  ' i do n't speak spanish ', 
  i saw the movie the other day , i really liked him !, 
  although he 's not as fleshed out as maguire 's ( because of only appearing in 1 , not 3 movies ) , i thought he was really good !, 
  all the dlc was amazing in that game . 
  17.6 years if anyone 's wondering . 
  do people on this sub not understand what the point of this weapon is ? 
  when you ads it shoots slugs , when you hipfire it shoots buckshots , not unrealistic at all , it 's exactly how the ksg was in bo2 . 
  a close family member of mine is there fighting fires . 
  a little terrified after seeing these pictures . 
  i 'm half norwegian , half canadian lol . 
  it would n't surprise you because that 's literally what they 're doing with iw . 
  man , the anti-cod circlejerk is real in this sub . 
  oh lol , in canada it 's 110 . 
  it 's cool , $ 110 cad is only like 19 american cents . 
  good topic though , i 'll bring it up . 
  i think the joke is that if they made ` the giant ' for last gen it would look like this - worse than waw . 
  you look like you 're the goalie on the dart team . 
  god damn it !, 
  if you 're still confused , the 'm ' in atm stands for ` machine ' , so writing ` atm machines ' is grammatically incorrect . 
  the 'n' in pin stands for ` number ' so / u/felds was making fun of op 's previous fail to understand acronyms . 
  lol , it 's been 6 months ( tomorrow ) since the game came out and they 've been working on this ( lol ) since launch . 
  how the fuck can it be this bad ? 
  sorry , it just annoys me when i see someone out of the loop that never gets an explanation because redditors insist on continuing the joke . 
  same for me , hate how the controls are n't independent . 
  lol, 
  you know you want it , 
  you messed up my / u /, 
  lmao , my 2nd most viewed video on youtube is just that taunt haha . 
  or like one of my favourite youtubers once said that made me sad . 
  * upon release of the first ` extinction mode ' trailer *, 
  `` it 'll be interesting to see if this is something more than just something to cool my frustrations while trying to get diamond on my knife in mp '', 
  in reference to zombies in bo2 . 
  here 's one that i think is amazing : https://gfycat.com/anxiousvillainousfirefly, 
  if anyone has seen the movie i think you 'll know which one we 'll get :p, 
  i 'm pulling for it anyways !, 
  that 'd be cool but there 's already a double cryptokey confirmed . 
  i also listen to h.i, 
  i 'm guessing somewhere between 1914 and 1918 . 
  nice find , what a cunty thing to say when your trailer shows the exact same thing ffs . 
  yeah lmao , they skipped 359 damn generations . 
  np , i just found it further up . 
  they also showed several first person shots in the cod trailer . 
  damn , that game is 3 years old but is still one of the best looking ones on the market . 
  it is , those other people were just being dicks . 
  ** this ** , the same thing with cod , people do n't seem to know that there are different developers every year for cod and that 's why the quality in games change so much every year . 
  fucking who 's laughing now fuccboi, 
  [ bonus from that same post . 
  well there 's probably gon na be guns . 
  it was leaked on some sales site ( german amazon or something ) and that was pretty much all i knew . 
  either that or i 'm a dice employee . 
  i kinda feel bad you 're getting downvoted now . 
  you 're not saying anything that could n't be true , same as me 4 months ago . 
  have my upvote . 
  [ when people start downvoting / u/pantherheel93 for stating his opinion just because i turned out to be right . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/0cgscled3e8 ), 
  ( this was originally supposed to be a gif , but it 's too long , also imagine the lightning as downvotes , and the video as good ), 
  lmao , yeah . 
  i guess i had the last laugh in this karma race . 
  there was first person gameplay in the infinite warfare trailer too though ... 
  you should post it to / r/battlefield , i 've heard that works . 
  who said it 's alternate reality ? 
  in the live stream they said nothing about that . 
  after the reveal i searched through my comments because i remembered this . 
  battlefield bad company 3 . 
  in master prestige you get like 3 levels/game, 
  it would require about 3-5 mins of editing per frame of the video . 
  rip . 
  why is this an issue for people ? 
  you know what he means . 
  forgot to add one for nothing , sorry guys . 
  e : damn it , also realized i messed up the link . 
  i forgot sorry : s, 
  no , this is anything you have at all . 
  [ what ? 
  that ` lost ' music though lmao . 
  i know , i already mentioned that . 
  ( try not to mention it , the / r/gaming anti-cod circlejerk will downvote us all to hell ), 
  how do people still not understand how the development cycles work and just blindly bash cod for being cod ? 
  why ... ? 
  amazing visual representation of the male orgasm . 
  you should get the pap camo to use on any weapons when you complete the ee . 
  why the fuck does this exist ? 
  i hate how they do n't realize that they 're an image hosting service , and not a social network . 
  stop complaining that we 're hosting images for reddit , on a image hosting site for fucking reddit . 
  maybe they did but did n't remember . 
  wo n't be july 5th . 
  oh man , 115 too ? 
  this ca n't be real . 
  damn that 's amazing , might need to plan a pilgrimage now lmao, 
  what 's analog ? 
   what 's analog ? 
  \\ - those kids, 
  the idea was for the last zombie map to end with your character getting hurt/stunned by something ( the plane crash on motd ) and waking up on the airfield in the intro to nacht .
