  i have n't seen those . 
  hopefully they 're remotely activated so mute could counter , i can only see her being extremely op if not . 
  uh , japanese ? 
  i think he meant what makes you say there 'll be another next year . 
  * sips energy drink while shitposting and waiting for matchmaking *, 
  ** one of us , one of us . 
  my friend aced as him , after running out of ammo lol . 
  i 'll post the clip if i can find it . 
  where ? 
  is the win/loss for games or rounds ? 
  like if you get a 5-4 is it the same as a 4-0 in terms or w/l ? 
  man , pm-63 with pap and double tap was some crazy fire rate . 
  e : just checked and in bo1 with double tap and pap the fire rate is 1246 , which is actually slower than the smg-11 surprisingly , although when upgraded it 's dual wielded bumping it up to 2492 on a technicality . 
  really ? 
  she feels so fast . 
  yeah , wish we had a different looking shotgun and ar for once . 
  i find it funny that you got -7 for saying you liked a gun that looks similar lol . 
  oh god , i think i 'm illiterate , sorry . 
  yeah , i do n't even understand why you got downvoted at all, 
  i 'm laughing so hard at how fucking triggered they are by a guy wearing a shirt . 
  how the fuck are people like this alive . 
   `` if too many people voice their opinion we might need to do what the people want ? 
  fuck that . '', 
  oh , thanks, 
  yeah , i know it 's pretty certain but still not `` confirmed by ubisoft '', 
  you think trump 'll win ? 
  possibly but from what i know it 's pulling towards clinton . 
  i 've mostly lurked / r/t _ d and hung out in / r/politics and i can honestly say this sub is my favourite place for any political discussion , for being objective and staying civil . 
  thanks for not turning to shit lol . 
  well said , i try to have discussions to understand the other side 's opinion but there 's nowhere harder to do that than political subreddits . 
  yeah , thanks for this , i do n't live in the us so i 'm not super familiar with how the elections work . 
  yeah , i 'm semi-familiar with the electoral college but i 'm not 100 % on the percentages and polling . 
  yeah , but -9 ? 
  holy shit . 
  a lot of the time i 'll accidentally hit r2 when picking up my controller at the beginning of a match . 
  would it be possible to get a `` non-american '' flair ? 
  yeah i do but they 're not always on so sometimes i like to just play solo . 
  was in norway too last year , probably this one too . 
   `` how can we let ** him ** be president ? '', 
  \\ - country on 6th month of mourning dead gorilla, 
  god damn i hope she does n't wine about it being sexist that she did n't win . 
  america goes on to show britain `` who 's best '' at making awful political votes . 
  america being the `` greatest country in the world '' has been a joke to the rest of the world for a while now . 
  he literally denies climate change and thinks vaccines cause autism . 
  i knew a lot of americans are stupid but jesus fucking christ . 
  well , he does want to ban * all * muslims , not just illegals . 
  as my first grade teacher used to say ; `` drop the ` e ' at ` ing ' '' . 
  americans ca n't lose at anything , as they proved by swiftly taking the `` dumbest vote of the century '' trophy by a landslide . 
  on pc . 
  i 'm only subbed to serenity but i 'd definitely recommend . 
  he 's insanely good and has some nice tips and tricks . 
  at least she has political experience lmao . 
  there you go . 
  and everyone else . 
  president elect . 
  what ? 
  the race is entirely relevant to the joke ... ? 
  now you 're just ignoring the point . 
  definitely worse . 
  damn it , i was just about to swallow a katana and do a stage dive from the lighting fixture but it says `` do n't try this at home '' so i guess i ca n't :(, 
  yup , my friend always gets annoyed when i tell him to check his corners and when i spend 2 seconds watching every corner we go around . 
  i 've gotten at least 4 flankers from doing it though so not really a waste of the time . 
  it 's because they 're playing it off as a `` nice chill morning moment '' when in reality it 's just him bossing his girlfriend around to get views . 
  bossing around was hyperbole , he most likely told her where to sit and to not acknowledge the camera . 
  or great , if you live outside the us and you like this sub !, 
  that 's what happens when you elect a president who believes vaccines cause autism and global warming is n't real . 
  when i was at the store earlier , vg or bt ( do n't remember which ) said something to the effect of `` americans prove to be as stupid as their next president '', 
  no , i did n't care that he used the word pussy , i care that he admitted to sexual assault . 
  is n't aftenposten trondheim though ? 
  oh , thanks , i 've only seen it in trondheim, 
  ik , i 'm saving up for one but there are bigger priorities in my life right now , especially since i already have a gaming device . 
  `` sometimes i just ca n't help myself i just start kissing them '' sounds pretty solid to me . 
  also bill was never charged with rape unlike the dumpsterfire . 
  yeah , i 'm a pretty bad shot , which makes it hard to be good at rainbow , that 's the main reason i 'd like a pc i think . 
  no guys , this guy 's tried 100 % of the pizza in italy according to his comment , we can trust him . 
  also , the reason you do n't like italian pizza is because it 's not made of grease , fat and salt like american pizza you fat fuck . 
  ( i know i 'm not actually replying to that guy ), 
  kissing someone without consent or any indication that they want it is sexual assault . 
  that 's democracy for you . 
  trump himself tweeted about the electoral college being undemocratic . 
  ironic seeing as how he 'd have lost if it was more accurate . 
  except that everyone who voted clinton wasted their time since she won the popular vote pretty hugely but 6 year old cheeto mccuntyface is the next president . 
  what about the_donald comment i saw the other day about `` gassing democrats who think clinton is n't rigging the election '' . 
  `` not all trump voters are bigots , but all bigots are trump voters . '', 
  \\ - tom scott, 
  which is why the us has the most undemocratic democracy i know of . 
  no , many people believe that it 's fine since the president ca n't really do much but he has the house and congress behind him and he has some backward-ass views , like vaccines causing autism , and global warming being made up . 
  trumpeters are just as sjw-ey as feminists . 
  yup , going `` give me a source '' then saying `` that source is stupid '' is a great way to invalidate your argument . 
  honestly , soccer is a much better term , because it removes all confusion . 
  if nobody got all salty when you say soccer i 'd use it all the time . 
  yup , i was confused when she started getting hate because i thought she was cool , but when i looked into it , it turned out she went full feminazi . 
  i do n't know a single hillary supporter who did n't hesitantly accept president elect trump . 
  i think you 're only exposed to the extremes online so that 's probably why . 
  you 're gon na get triggered when they make fun of trump . 
  well , i 'm pretty sure most of the government was hoping for hillary this year so i do n't know about that . 
  ah , i thought i was in the_donald , which seem to have a stricter `` sneeze at trump and we hate you '' rule . 
  i was literally about to make a text post about this idea after seeing this post , keeping destruction from previous games would allow for some interesting tactics . 
  and map builds . 
  defending on t-hunt is the worst , i really wish you could use operators like kapkan , pulse or doc on the attack .
