  i 'm just curious . 
  why ... ? 
  not if you 're smart about it . 
  t'was . 
  would n't it be far easier and more comfortable to just do it at someone 's home ? 
  those chairs seem shitty . 
  just buy like 100 tacos from taco bell in the morning and reheat them throughout the day ... ? 
  `` getting out and meeting new people ! '', 
  * locks self in taco bell on new years with pc and does n't leave until they close *, 
  i guess there 's nothing to do but sit on hard chairs in public playing video games for 17 hours then . 
  i 'm not trying to be smug , i just do n't understand why you 'd wan na do this for so long in such an uncomfortable place . 
  if they wan na do it that 's fine i just do n't get it . 
  why does this have to get to aggressive ? 
  i thought this was a joke sub ? 
  i was n't joking or losing , i was referring to the whole comment chain . 
  yeah , any big gathering , especially middle eastern countries are high risk for terrorism . 
  maybe if trump attended intelligence briefings he could 've used the element of surprise to stop this . 
  police and security , or just closing on nye . 
  2017 in turkey . 
  it 's 2017 in turkey . 
  do n't blame muslims is what i 'm saying , this is entirely because of isis , only using their religion as a lame excuse . 
  let me get this straight , the official lazy town youtube channel embraces the meme , the original actors all get together and preform the song live , as well as raising tons of money for cancer treatment , not to mention the fucking sound designer for the song released all the instruments , sounds and vocals in a soundcloud album for maximum memeiage , and you fuckers wan na make a fucking dead gorilla who almost killed a child the meme of the year . 
  smh . 
  in the same way that you should n't blame christians for the kkk or abortion clinic shootings , it 's religiously motivated but the people are just murderers that use religion as an excuse . 
  man , people are willfully misunderstanding me here . 
  a few reasons , mostly because this was when she first came out so i was n't used to the mag size , and that i knew he was rushing me , so i did n't think i had time . 
  everyone involved in lazy town embraced the meme and it paid for a mans cancer treatment . 
  lol , `` fireworks license '', 
  lmao at you defending putting lighter fluid next to fireworks because your legs might get tired . 
  my thoughts too , it was the same type of shooting as the pulse nightclub and around the same amount of people died but it 's getting 0 media coverage because they 're not white . 
  to be fair i 'm level 120 and did n't know you could n't go prone with the hostage . 
  is n't it strange though , that by the laws of the us you ca n't consent to sex while drunk , but you can consent to nuking millions of people . 
  fair point . 
  when you ask americans about their nationality . 
  and not all comments are good evidently . 
  that game 's cutscenes has so amazing graphics , at first i was wondering if they literally just had live action kevin spacey doing the cutscenes . 
  lmao , especially the version when it zooms in on his face . 
  because i 'm not trying to lie down and hide if i have the hostage , fucking run man . 
  i literally do n't understand why americans are so passionate about their guns . 
  i get the self defense but i do n't get why you 'd ever need anything but a handgun and or a shotgun . 
  what purpose does the uvula have ? 
  are there no side effects from removing it ? 
  it 's because plenty of websites flag users who say it and you might not want to be flagged as person who talks about cp . 
  yeah , hunting is a good one i did n't think about , and i agree about assault and carbine rifles being fun to shoot , but just shooting some rifles in the woods for a day would be worth the background check on ammo in my opinion . 
  the only time you 'll need ammo is just keeping some around in case of needing to use your gun in self defense , and if you 're gon na go out shooting for a day , where in both cases it should n't be a hindrance to get a background check . 
  fair point , it just seems like anything that happens in europe or na gets far more media coverage , for equal or lesser attacks . 
  oh , my bad , i thought this was the other comment thread about background checks on ammo . 
  i get it though , i do n't see why it 's a problem . 
  ok , i definitely see how background checks are too far , i wo n't speak more on the issue as i 'm not very knowledgable on american laws , thanks for letting me know . 
  they might have a filter set up so that if there 's a spike in people saying it in a thread or something they can move in and shut it down if there 's anything illegal . 
  you too !, 
  who is he saluting tho ? 
  probably looked like he was off center from his perspective so he moved . 
  it 's a bit easier to catch what 's happening with sound on , here 's the [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exofcaizzz0 ) . 
  there 's subtitles on it , because we 're speaking in norwegian , just click the cc tab on the bottom . 
  lol , i 'm not anti-gun , i 'm just saying that americans seem over-the-top on the topic . 
  problem for me is that i have a tiny amount of controller drift so i ca n't have it lower than 10 :(, 
  every nation is a nation of immigrants man , i do n't get why you 're so offended by a lighthearted joke . 
  do n't jinx it . 
  same as most of the people who shit on reddit . 
  i ca n't tell if they 're being dicks or taking it well . 
  \\ #notalltentaclepornviewers, 
  ok , do n't see any sources , or relevance in your comment but ok . 
  why ... ? 
  it 's not like they 're obscure at all . 
  what does it mean ? 
  i still do n't see relevance , are you just being racist for the sake of it or do you have a point ? 
  lol . 
  someone says `` poor , uneducated white people voted for trump '' and your response is immediately `` black people are dumb and steal '' ... 
  sure , you 're just pointing out `` facts '' irrelevant to the conversation . 
  racing games . 
  the gif . 
  maybe it 's just me but i prefer having kill holes that * do n't * look like they were made by the cool-aid guy . 
  yes , but the comment you were replying to was stating that they 're not for killing people at full health . 
  that 'd be a game changer , i personally like how they fit into the meta at the moment , having them kill people would just make them better attacker grenades . 
  seems like an unnecessary overhaul . 
  fair point , one thing that a lot of people overlook with legalization is that it 's not like people are gon na start doing things on a wide scale just because it 's legal . 
  i bet some people would but i 'd hope that it 'd mostly just be people who research it for themselves first . 
  darth vader is just getting triggered 24/7 . 
  he said that they 're not for killing people , implying that you should n't go offensive or try killing people as soon as you see them . 
  i think you 'd just have to use them differently , hitting the roof or wall next to someone for example . 
  something where the enemy team was at a severe disadvantage . 
  new sledge skin . 
  this person has never seen a lion . 
  he 's said that he would never do it under any circumstance . 
  they 're all still up on overcast and itunes store , what do you mean ? 
  can we expect any more podcasts in the new year ? 
  it 's been a hard time since changing schools since i now have 2 hours a day to listen to podcasts but only 1 or 2 weekly shows to listen to . 
  he was wondering about the phone call . 
  she does kick out a chair or something at one point . 
  as someone who lives far north : easily . 
  ca n't you zoom in ? 
  oh , for me i can just hold it vertically and zoom in . 
  iphone here too . 
  are you looking at overphlow ? 
  the new one is called `` let 's make mistakes together '' . 
  you obviously have n't tried arguing with trump supporters . 
  no , it 's just the way he says it comes off as disingenuous , and he just seems like he 's trying to pander to people so they 'll think he 's the `` cool science guy '' . 
  definitely , i never in 1000 years expected them to get * worse * after he won . 
  said no trump supporter ever .
