  in less than a year ? 
  this app sounds amazing , just wan na try it as soon as possible , 
  sent from the team, 
  and next to the generator doorway in dorms on oregon . 
  why ? 
  his profile listed him as english ( us ) and his bio was something like `` high ping mb/k life '' . 
  lmao what , yesterday i was crouched 1.5 meters away from a valk and i missed all 6 shots , how can it be worse than that ? 
  it happened , i could send you a vid . 
  this was recorded before yesterday 's patch . 
  what the fuck kinda country do you guys live in ? 
  it seems like you should be working on your homeless problem rather than your immigration issues . 
  yeah , pretty standard monty main , [ here 's from a scrim my team played against an na team ] ( https://youtu.be/czgrxz4oplc?t=2m ) , 150 ping is aids as monty . 
  ( skip to 2:00 if it does n't on its own ), 
  with your luck ? 
  you know that you would n't survive if you kept lying on it right ? 
  on the 870 ... 
  no rehosts in penta v vitality even though pengu said they had 6 hibana bugs, 
  yeah , i 've actually started trying a strat where i walk at a monty backwards to spook him into unmounting his shield . 
  i 'm sad :(, 
  kapkan being 2 speed , having acog and a scorpion would be incredibly good . 
  the numbers do n't blend in for some reason and to a trained eye you can notice easily that it 's not in the game . 
  he 'd be an amazing roamer though , like smoke but with a better smg and he does n't need to stay alive late game, 
  did n't say that . 
  no i meant the fmg , clearly , nobody uses the fmg , that 's why the spetsnaz smg is better . 
  yeah , i like it for sure , just a thing i 've taken note of . 
  b-b-but what if she needs her window closed for later ? 
  i wanted the wall open but when i made him c4 it he accidentally killed himself :(, 
  lol what ? 
  also it said `` flipside3 '' on the stat cards . 
  i do n't see the issue here , if you want a uniform or headgear just save up for it , 30,000 can be made in a week or so of just playing casually . 
  i think anybody 's face is a beacon that says `` shoot me in the face '' does n't matter if you have a nice headgear . 
  have you used the 9x19 ... ? 
  because he was new to the game and he would n't have used the c4 if i was n't pinging the wall , it 's meant as a joke dude , i do n't know , i just work here . 
  anyone really expect this game to be any better than previous years ... ? 
  sure it 's back to how it used to be but it 'll be just as bad as any cod . 
  one is bo3 and one is aw . 
  ... they won the season before with retro , why would king george be why they won invitational , slash is a good player . 
  if you turn off vsync it just goes as high as it can instead of locking at 60, 
  oh my bad , it was obviously slash , not yung or necrox dropping donuts every other game . 
  haha , i think that they did n't update and refine their strats enough . 
  with a car sure . 
  yeah , most of the criticisms of cod is because people do n't know about the development cycle . 
  bo2 comes out , `` cool '', 
  aw comes out , `` okay back to ww2 now '', 
  bo3 , `` joking ? '', 
  iw comes out , `` wtf , cod sucks '', 
  first ww2 they could make after aw , `` should have made this sooner and you 're just copying dice '', 
  which they would complain about because mw2 and mw3 are too recent and most recent battlefield games are modern times . 
  it 's astonishing how true this is , even the most seemingly asinine and irrelevant news will get trashed on by people who apparently count the amount of specs in their toothpaste every day . 
  why is it that every person who `` wants cod to go back to how it used to be '' has n't played for 6 years ? 
   `` because the lastests cod are all shitty . '', 
   has n't played for 6 years ... 
  how are you not a super soldier in the ww2 games ? 
  what are you talking about , cod has never been a `` squad based '' game on any level . 
  and in aw and bo2 you 're part of the same team who become friends through the whole game . 
  this seems entirely subjective and the characters in the old games were obviously super soldiers doing the impossible . 
  you have obviously not played any of the newer games , stop being so salty about a game series that you do n't even play . 
  but the new game is ww2 . 
  if the quality is too low , the clip shows off nvk.b3 ( now ctm ) , and canadian.b3 ( now ctm ) ` nading themselves in a pro league match only 1 season before they won the pro league . 
  i like opening it up with an impact grenade on defence as a quick rotate . 
  if you just drive in straight on it 'll work fine , rarely have issues with it more than once . 
  exactly , seems like everybody hates any suggestion of a buff to monty but he 's just laughably useless right now . 
  is kix 's stream really off center for anyone else ? 
  i feel like this is him messing up but it 's been like this for far too long for it to be a mistake . 
  really ? 
  i 'm mistaken then , i see . 
  skip to 58:30 in the video . 
  he is in terms of shooting people , you have to be within knifing range to even hit people with the hipfire . 
  yeah , could n't get that link on mobile sorry . 
  but 2 professional players killing themselves at the same time in a pro match is beyond having a bad day . 
  i really wish this was a thing . 
  too bad copper players do n't care enough to play seriously . 
  lol , calling hacks on console ... 
  that last round was amazing but there was just constant ear rape and it was hard to pay attention . 
  is this just other players saying or is there video of this somewhere ? 
  i know , that 's not what i 'm saying , i 'm asking if there 's video . 
  oh right lol , i was sad about that too :(, 
  what an incredible game , definitely agree that the ot rules need to change . 
  basically makes it so that when a game goes into overtime it randomly selects which team defends and attacks , meaning that if o win every upstairs defense and lose every downstairs defense like on that last map there , the team that defends first in ot lose the map . 
  this can be avoided by having a 2 point lead to win , so that a team needs to win 2 rounds in a row before they win the game . 
  spectate bug ... 
  show me a screenshot where they look better on pc . 
  stupid small adults . 
  do n't lie like this . 
  you just look stupid . 
  man i was nervous after the first map but vg definitely showed how strong of a team they are . 
  very excited to see how the bracket advances . 
  star wars in the early 2000s . 
  that 's why . 
  wait , people are expecting treyarch to just release a ton of new zombies content through the goodness of their hearts ? 
  this is the cod franchise we 're talking about , of course you 're gon na have to pre-order ww2 . 
  definitely respect to him , without him they would have just played the match and submitted the results , so glad we got to see it and that he would do it on his own just for us . 
  it was n't streamed there , just uploaded afterwards . 
  laugh tracks in sketches are hitler . 
  valk : use all 3 cams trying to hit 1 spot outside and die when running out with it . 
   `` all the new cod 's suck '', 
   `` have n't played video games since 1982 '', 
  - most people bashing cod on reddit . 
  how is cod p2w ? 
  but this post is n't about if it 's fun , it 's about the graphics ... ?
