  do n't you just not jizz when you have a vasectomy ? 
  lmao , this one is amazing . 
  oh , interesting . 
  i never looked much into it . 
  time to sit down with a nice cup of coffee , relax , and invent a cryogenic chamber , so that we do n't accidentally die in the next year . 
  e : guys , this is when you 're supposed to upvote me , i was early . 
  like while you 're flashed ? 
  lmao yeah , every year i post that picture that says `` for the first time in 666 years halloween is on friday the 13th '' to all my social medias , so that i know who to unfriend . 
  can confirm people like these exist . 
  spent about an hour a few months ago trying to explain to several girls in my class that the sun is in fact not the largest star in the galaxy , and of course they hit me back with the classic `` well then why ca n't we see any other suns ? '', 
  turns out they also thought that the suns and stars are different things all together , which i guess * does * make their original argument more understandable . 
  jumping for a second because someone jumped out at you and yelled boo is completely different from the emotional distress of realizing that you 're gon na be a parent for the rest of your life , wether you want kids or not . 
  before you did , you should 've superimposed the `` glorious pcmr '' guy over homer 's face . 
   `` laziest programmers ever '', 
  oh yeah , those lazy fucks , i ca n't believe they spent 7 years creating a living , breathing world with endless possibilities , amazing detail , a fully immersed multiplayer with 25 + expansive updates , all over 5 different platforms . 
  and worst of all , sometimes your car despawns when you walk away from it in singleplayer . 
  lol , have you played both ? 
  the pc and new gen versions are insanely improved . 
  lol yeah , they made a billion within a few days even , just for ps3 and xbox 360 ( iirc ), 
  yup , been playing the cod 4 campaign on ps4 the last few days in this month leading up to cod : iw . 
  not that the games are comparable but it 's nice to have something old , but fun to play while waiting for the new stuff . 
  well , not really . 
  the trailer will be the only really solid way of knowing , at least for the near future . 
  although the likelihood of a remaster is probably still pretty low though . 
  yeah , that 's kinda the point i was making , the jumpscare is like 5 seconds at most , and it 's very quickly forgotten or laughed about . 
  the pregnancy is probably gon na last for a few minutes and afterwards you 'll either be disappointed , or relieved , and you wo n't trust your partner about things like these for the near future . 
  yeah , but what i 'm saying is that it 's not really a `` piece of cake '' to add so many graphical updates and new features . 
  me too !, 
  i never got into rdr for ps3 because ( not to sound like an asshole ) i just could n't immerse myself with the graphics and fps , and just the general control . 
  hopefully there 's a remaster so i can finally finish the game , even though i 've had the ending spoiled . 
  lit ` rally hitla ', 
  not that i would n't piss my pants and scream like a schoolgirl , but generally there 's no reason to run if a gorilla charges you , either you die tired , like you would expect from a 300 lb killing machine , or it 's a fake out charge and it just walks away . 
  basically , just stand your ground and you might get lucky . 
  still not even 20 years ago . 
  those are some warm dancing moves family . 
  is it a spit-swapping make-out match ? 
  i bet it 's a spit-swapping make-out match . 
  gon na need a source on that . 
  fuck off if this turns out being true . 
  i 've been trying to avoid spoilers since april . 
  what ? 
  did n't it come out weekly with the show on amc ... ? 
  just finished ftwd and although i 'm a fan of the walking dead universe , man was that show infuriating to watch . 
  heroin  weed is exactly the same as alcohol  meth . 
  why is rdr2 a bad title ? 
  it implies that it 's a direct sequel to rd redemption . 
  this is n't youtube . 
  yeah , that 's why i added that part at the beginning of my comment . 
  sure i can sit here in my bed telling you how to deal with a charging gorilla but i sure as fuck would n't wan na be in a situation where i 'd need to react like that . 
  that gta online trailer with the female narrator is super badass . 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  yeah but redemption is n't a sequel to revolver is it ? 
  if it is then i 'm on your side here but if they 're just `` western games made my rockstar '' then i 'm down with rdr2 if it 's a continuation of redemption . 
  depends on if the pc version would be worth waiting for . 
  would n't surprise me if they re-did the normal version for the next gen of consoles and pc like they did for gta . 
  holy shit , you have no idea how much i suddenly want a pizza . 
  please donate $ 10 to the '' / u/thegiantgraydildo69 really wants a pizza '' fund . 
  true , if it 's not a continuation that 'd be a strange title . 
  i guess we 'll see on thursday . 
  yeah , i 'd like to refute some of your points more , but frankly i do n't feel like typing much on my phone , and it 's getting late where i live . 
  i will say one thing though , despite the problems , i think rockstar made one of the best games of this , and the last console generation . 
  man , $ 250 is a bit steep but i could really go for some frank 's \u2122 right now . 
  yeah but im bad at everything and need to eat my feelings and theres no better way to do that than to order takeout shut up, 
  what about norway ? 
  lol . 
  \\  living in a country that still has rabies, 
  ** never **, 
   descendant, 
  so you 're american ? 
  sorry , i 'm bad at links , i did n't really know what to link to other than a keemstar video , which is never a good idea . 
  if you 're actually wondering , basically this guy was pressuring or extorting at least one underage girl ( 14 iirc ) to send him nudes , and when something happened that made him angry ( do n't quite remember ) he posted these pictures to twitter . 
  it later came out that he had attempted to have sex with several underage fans at conventions and such , and was just an all around scummy person . 
  the rage here is basically just that i was annoyed that he can just keep making money and have legions of 11 year olds that support him after doing all these things . 
  edit : after researching a bit more i have the full story if you 're interested . 
  basically a mom of a 13 year old girl claimed that he was asking her daughter for nudes , this guy said he was hacked and did n't send those messages . 
  later people started noticing strange coincidences , for example that he sold children 's underwear in his online store , then one of his friends came forward and said that he was hitting on and flirting with young girls very often . 
  after all this keemstar posted a video on twitter saying that since he 's a pedo he must 've been molested as a child which caused him to go on a rant about how the 15 year old girl he was ` dating ' broke up with him , and later posted a picture of her in her underwear , then completely nude . 
  i 'm pretty sure it also came out that he had pressured his female fans to ` preform sexual acts ' online and when he would meet them at conventions . 
  i see your point but the main thing is him literally posting child porn to social media . 
  he posted literal chilporn to twitter , not just hearsay or rumors . 
  do n't know how common it is but i know that it 's been eradicated in norway , the u.k. ( england at least ) and probably a few more of the nordic/scandinavian countries . 
  was gon na make fun of you for repeating yourself twice , then i realized that this is just the future of memes . 
  well , he 's right about us documenting our lives more than past generations , but i think an argument could be made that what you accomplish is very much at a personal level , and people nowadays may even be harder working and more successful than previous generations . 
  same with john bernthal and david tennant . 
  marvel/netflix are killing it . 
  lol , i do n't think dd s3 is due until 2018 even . 
  sorry , did n't think of that before posting . 
  did n't know where to post this , or what to link to . 
  was a bad idea in hindsight . 
  yeah sorry , i deleted the post because i did n't really think anything through before posting . 
  i would assume the minecraft-pedo correlation is probably from all the sudden attention from mostly underage people , which , if you 're lonely or you do n't get along well with people your age , it seems like these people who love ` you ' because they love your videos owe you a bit more . 
  idk , that 's just my guess . 
  twitter did suspend his account , and i 'm not sure what kind of legal trouble he got into , but he 's now back on twitter on a different account ( that the 15 y/o he posted nudes of promoted so he would get his followers back ) and has still been making youtube videos , although i think less often , he 's still been making money , and when all this drama was going down several months ago he was getting around a million views a video , and youtube was n't doing anything , and gave him every last penny from his videos . 
  i too would expect there to be an investigation but i have n't heard anything about it . 
  honestly , they really should n't , but you need to cater to them because it would be unconstitutional not to . 
  wait , really 1865 ? 
  i would n't expect this image quality from an image that old . 
  honestly i did n't think they had cameras that long ago . 
  really guys ? 
  no drama lama puns ?
