  ah , thanks . 
  it 's better for peaking and clearing small rooms since you can come around the corner much faster and if you have the angled grip you can ads really fast . 
  might be a little off topic , love the solution , but has anyone else noticed how after you use a detonator ( possibly just toxic babes ) , if you hit r3 or l3 at the right time while detonating your character will lean without aiming for a short time after putting the detonator away ? 
  there 's tons of benefit to it , why do you think pro-league players use it any time they 're keeping an angle or entering a room ? 
  i 'd also like to crouch with r3 but it 'd make it super annoying to lean . 
  kill house was , i do n't think it was hereford though . 
  their sentence can and almost certainly will be extended , but they ca n't grant more than 21 years for any crime in norway , and can only extend it by 5 years at a time , if they do n't think the person is fit to be put back into society . 
  same thing happened with anders behring breivik , he killed over 90 people iirc , within a few hours , and he has 16 years left on his sentence . 
  how do you even go about looking at those photos as a police force ? 
  uh , link ? 
  this makes me sad , since it 's a good way to trigger them , but saying cuck automatically makes you sound like an autistic 14 year old . 
  it would be great as an anti-ac in bf1 , and terrifying if you 're on the ac . 
  why is this a big deal ? 
  reddit is a private company , why ca n't they do what they want ? 
  but he would have found it . 
  like , 10 ? 
  i agree that it 's a fuckup , and what he did really messed with the trust we can have in the website , but i just meant that although there may be legal implications , they did n't actually do anything wrong . 
  yeah , he 's now a firefighter and was fighting the fires in fort mcmurray back in may , and he told me that he would get war dreams a few weeks after that , but everything was on fire . 
  why ? 
  clearly , i just do n't understand why someones political preference can ruin a cool trick they do on a skateboard for some people . 
  i hope you do n't actually . 
  except that a different team wins the champions league basically every year . 
  see , this might be a bit of an issue . 
  he said it was a mistake and that it would n't happen again . 
  sounds like an apology to me . 
  why ? 
  jesus fuck , that was like / r/iamverysmart and / r/cringepics all rolled into one . 
  dude how do you take a fucking news sharing website this seriously ? 
  you actually need to have autism to think it 's normal to look at people you disagree with 's post history . 
  how do you not understand how fucking retarded you sound ? 
  this is the most retarded thing i 've seen in my life , and i read the op from the link 's comments . 
  basically all / r/conspiracy posts is just pro-trump , anti-government things , rather than actual news that has n't been posted 20 times in the last week . 
  what 'd he say ? 
   most of the time, 
  yeah . 
  lmao, 
  ride of the valkyries ? 
  ( i might be wrong , do n't hate me ), 
  i lost it at the first `` heil '' . 
  possibly , i feel like a lot of my deaths are from people respawning before i get them though . 
  or the electoral college blind votes . 
  i never thought i 'd chuckle at the irony of throat cancer . 
  what the other guy said too , but i just mostly meant that he was so famous for smoking cigars . 
  would n't it have been a weirder coincidence if it was just natural throat cancer ? 
  i would really like to see a / r/pmclub post from you ... 
  pls post, 
  `` this is what i fuckin ' died for ? '', 
  it was a meh joke but yeah they did n't deserve downvotes . 
  absolutely insane . 
   638 assassination attempts, 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and say probably . 
  ... did you ever play five ? 
  pls censor there ar kids her, 
  old trump , donald had a house , white-house , white-house , fuck . 
  they suspected a pizza place that hillary mentioned in her emails of being a pedophelia ring , iirc . 
  no truth to it , of course . 
  as a norwegian-canadian , that 's hilarious . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  honestly , this looks great , but i do n't know if i can play it if they do n't add a higher sensitivity and fov on ps4 . 
  probably gon na get one soon , might need to figure out if they 're legal where i live lmao . 
  thank god it was n't just me ... 
  mine is aug 5 ;(, 
  man , imgur is such cholera on mobile . 
  yeah , the fact that the republican president elect does n't appear to be alarmed by climate change is a little concerning , i guess the most we can do as a society is hope that the us government will do what they can , and we can do our own little part . 
  but why did they say heil ? 
  it does n't seem like he 's setting them up in the same way as the op . 
  if you liked that you should really consider watching `` what . '', 
  and `` make happy '' on netflix . 
  they 're really good , and super creative . 
  live in europe lol , thanks anyways !, 
  it might just not be for you , but if you have n't seen the video , watch that before judging the joke , it 's pretty well put together . 
  because it would get 3 points and sit there until it got archived . 
  really ? 
  i would n't imagine it 's that common but i guess , something similar could probably be set up for americans with the pledge of allegiance . 
  ah , it 's probably just not for you then . 
  people saying things like `` only simpletons enjoy movies , while smart people read books '' are the people who are posted there , not someone saying `` i know a lot about this subject so i 'd wager i know more than you in this argument we 're having '' . 
  definitely agree with you , a country where people in school or work need to be prepped for shootings is not a country i wan na live in . 
  it 's not like i would just chill out if that ever happened where i was just because i have n't had special training . 
  yeah lol , since when do news outlets request permission . 
  i 'd probably try , although it 's very likely that it 'd do more hurt than help to the shooter . 
  you literally got 1 reply you idiot . 
  yeah , it 's strange seeing it , and even getting upvoted . 
  change `` muslims '' to `` jews '' and you might understand people might think you 're a racist cunt . 
  jesus christ , americans do n't even understand how dumb they sound . 
  jesus christ , americans do n't even understand how dumb they sound . 
  this thread is truly making me lose faith in the american people as a whole . 
  what ? 
  i was talking about the guy you were replying to , he sounds like an idiot since he does n't understand the flaw in his argument . 
  yeah ... 
  i really hope it either dies down , or they get banned and eventually go somewhere else . 
  i lose faith in the american people 's ability to show compassion , or be nice to fellow humans . 
  what do you mean ? 
  how do you not understand how fucking stupid you sound ? 
  people who harass , brigade , break tons of rules and are just generally against everything reddit stands for . 
  jesus christ , and the idiocy continues . 
  i agree that radical islamic terrorism is an issue , but majority of people in this thread are antagonizing any person from the middle-east and failing to recognize them as humans . 
  i 'm not , i never said i was , you 're simply expecting me to be fine with terrorists just because rampant racism and fear mongering disgusts me . 
  lol , sorry , i 'm getting downvoted tons in this thread anyways . 
  i was terrified when i first read about it , then after 8 or so hours of work , i got home and looked at this thread , and after reading through a ton of comments here is when i decided to leave my comment . 
  oh sorry , is `` scary brown man '' good enough ?
