  woah woah woah fuccboi , that 's the same as the op !, 
  the point is that he does n't need to mention anything about her looks , he 's basically admitting that he rapes people , but would never rape her because she 's ugly . 
  sure * he * would , but any normal person would just say that they did n't rape them . 
  he 's eluding to the fact that he 'd rape her if she was more attractive . 
  `` you ca n't reason somebody out of a position they did n't reason themselves into '', 
  lmao , yeah , i actually made that joke to myself when watching , hoping they would say `` rouge , rouge one . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ star ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ wars ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ story . '', 
  it gets easier ... * pats back *, 
  or it does n't and you ca n't sleep at night , 
  it was at +8 last time i checked ... 
  i 'm tempted by that idea honestly . 
  oh god , thank you so much for not causing me to seriously contemplate a pilgrimage to wasabiland because it 's 100x better than the fake stuff . 
  just * knowing * about that cat poop coffee makes me want to spend huge amounts of money i do n't have . 
  so , i 'm stupid , and bad at math , but a factorial is when you take a number and x it with every number smaller than it right ? 
  i think the post was referring to only the cost of the actual delivery , not the entire dealio . 
  corner gas of course . 
  the voice of radio free kyrat \u2122 ? 
  just finished some stew and am chillaxin ' in bed before i 'm about to go to sleep , very strange how different everyone 's life is at any given moment . 
  or if you wan na go for braille :, 
  god i ca n't wait for this election cycle to be over and i pray to jesus that 2020 wo n't be nearly as bad . 
  definitely agree , the way i see it , if you think you 've been ` friendzoned ' , either stop being friends with them if you ca n't be around them without being romantically involved , or just get over it and be friends with them . 
  i do n't see any case where this does n't work . 
  i think it 's probably a mix of both of those , as well as people just seeing it used and thinking `` hey that 's such an amazing and original insult '' . 
  lmao , according to res i 've upvoted him 44 times and i did n't even recognize the name . 
  never heard of that before , maybe i 'm just not into the types of games this happens with ... 
  huh , i always just thought it was `` lel '' but with a k. 
  i know what it means , but i do n't understand the phrase . 
  what do the words themselves even mean ? 
  yeah , i 'd be a little put back if he posted stuff like `` aw yea sit on my face bb '' but he 's just being slightly witty and putting his opinion in most of the time . 
  and there 's a 99 % chance that one of them is himself . 
  he 's not eligible for the presidency yet though :(, 
  that really sucks , i think the biggest problem with that is that there 's no clear solution , and it can be hard to get out of without ruining your relationship with the other person . 
  yeah , the only thing that 'd actually be bad would be if he had comments that sounded like they were written by that microsoft bot . 
  i think we need an / r/nononaww, 
  nope , this is europe , if someone hurts themselves on your watch they wo n't sue everything around them . 
  i was gon na say that those are some super minor differences , then i realized that there 's like 8 different variants of the letter `` o '' in the germanic alphabets . 
  i swear , every fucking day one of our teachers wants us to work as a group . 
  what if i do n't like anyone in my class ? 
  what then bitch ? 
  sorry , i 'm a little frustrated with my school at the moment . 
  honestly , unless you 're 100 % sure your love for mw is n't just nostalgia , it 's barely worth it . 
  i did n't play it much back in the day and after playing the campaign , and a few demoes of the mp , it 's not much better than any modern cod . 
  it 's also incredibly unbalanced and filled with things people would freak out about if it was in a new cod . 
  the codes are open , does n't matter where you are or what platform you 're on . 
  well , yeah . 
  been working at a cat kennel for the last week , can confirm . 
  1200 or so i think , i have a 3 second discount because of my accuracy so the time on the leaderboard is 12.50 seconds , the record is 9.20 . 
  does n't really make a difference . 
  the revolvers have a 1/1 though because every reload is an empty reload . 
  but recall and remember are synonymous ... ? 
  i think it was a joke ... 
  is there anywhere i can buy this game ? 
  the only thing i could find on steam were some dlcs and a free to play version with awful reviews . 
  for tigers ? 
  seems like a pretty fuckin ' reasonable fear . 
  how much are all the dlcs ? 
  from this gif it looks pretty good and i would n't be opposed to putting down $ 30ish ... 
  who 's the * real * dangernoodle here ? 
  at first i though you were just making fun but you 're completely correct lol . 
  well , if she 's there willingly is quite debatable . 
  `` ashamed '' lol , i feel like when your life gets to the point of attempting to firebomb people for their political belief , you 're past shame . 
  well , i mean , * you * have autism and add to some extent , do n't speak for the rest of us . 
  am i the only one who was n't in to red dead and is a bit disappointed there wo n't be another gta for quite some time now ? 
  e : no up or downvotes , and no replies for 4 days . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and assume it 's just me then . 
  next you 're gon na tell me you do n't spend 2 weeks in a trench before running to the next one for 5 minutes and waiting another 2 weeks . 
  and you know what bernie said ? 
  you have bad judgement !, 
  to be fair , mansplaining is definitionally when a man explains something condescendingly because the person he 's talking to is a woman . 
  does n't stop people from getting megatriggered when a man explains anything in any manner though . 
  idk why but this made me laugh an unreasonable amount . 
  this is what bothers me the most if you 're getting it digitally . 
  unless there 's some reason you * need * to have it the second it comes out , there 's no point in pre-ordering . 
  just get it after like a day , just to see if there 's anything gamebreaking . 
  however , i did this with no man 's sky and was still disappointed lol . 
  man gta v is such a great game . 
  lmao !, 
  i really wish you were n't joking and that they put this in as an easter egg . 
  that 'd definitely be a good twist . 
  whatever they do , i have the utmost confidence in rockstar \u2122 . 
  what 's with american 's strange obsession with suing people ? 
  but reddit comments do n't post when you hit enter ;(, 
  it 's not that they were smarter before , it 's that now the company does n't wan na be liable . 
  holy shit , you just broke their system . 
  because you ca n't buy an hk416 at a convenience store for $ 1.50 . 
  what a stupid ad . 
  or ... stay with me here ... 
  he was on his phone and hit the submit button as he died ... 
  probably the programmer thing though . 
  obviously it 's the plane that they take to vegas in the wolf of wall street . 
  i 'm so legitimately curious what it 's like to be one of these people . 
  like do they just hate men ? 
  do they have actual mental issues ? 
  do n't they understand that people have different views on life than them and that they 're at the extreme end of feminism ? 
  the top posts are gold on that sub . 
  have n't been subscribed recently because it gets pretty repetitive and predictable , but they 're really funny if you 're not expecting them . 
  look at me i 'm an old man because i do n't understand this hipster young internet lingo `` noice '' . 
  are there any good offensive joke subs ? 
  the only one i know is / r/imgoingtohellforthis and it 's mostly just stupid puns or mentioning cotton in the same sentence as black . 
  what an awful analogy .
