  nice !, 
  i 'm in the pic !, 
  ( the one being hit by the plane ! ), 
  edit : i just ca n't get over how good this pic is !, 
  yea , i was wasted !, 
  haha , yeah you did !, 
  i do n't think you were on last night were you ? 
  ( or yesterday , depending on your timezone . ), 
  there is a texture file though . 
  i know this is a bit late , but if you do n't have it yet , i know a method that garuantees you getting it . 
  message me bro !, 
  okay i have a few things to say ;, 
  you get it because someone with a hack used `` give all weapons to ... '', 
  it does n't do jack if you spray someone with it . 
  3 . it has a similar ammo cound like the jerry can . 
  i really wan na check if i can extinguish ( i know ) fire with it . 
  no one !, 
  i found them on the street , someone can join me and add a tracker and full coverage at the nearest lsc . 
  oh , we had tons of fun though !, 
  it 's not in my garage . 
  great idea , excited to try it . 
  i was parked in front of them . 
  i can get a psn session going if anyone wants to join !, 
  message me if you 're interested !, 
  ( also , come on the irc chat ! ), 
  okay , so ... what the fuck is up bitches ?!, 
  who 's up for some gtaa sessions ?!, 
  where 's the enthusiasm ? 
  it 's the weekend !, 
  a long weekend if you 're in mah country , and i 'm ready to fuck some shit up !, 
  ca n't wait to get in , so who 's down ?!? 
  guys !, 
  quinn for sure !, 
  he ruined chuck 's life !, 
  shaw is a cunt too though . 
  wan na get one going ? 
  i 'm up to start one . 
  like when the us military tried to do that , attach bombs to cats and make them run into warfare , i 'm pretty sure that they aborted the project because the cats never ran into anything . 
  aka : skyrim gameplay for mac ... 
  haha , yeah , my top speed is 998.33 mph with the fire truck ... :p, 
  yes , please let this happen in the `` significant single player dlc '' !, 
  i loved that song so much , now all we need is a gold uzi . 
  oh yeah , just realized , sorry , someone should make a pic where you 're dressed up a yousif with a gold uzi then stand next to the car . 
  what 's your psn ( assuming you play on ps ), 
  ah okay , i realize now that my username is incredibly stupid ... :p, 
  damn , i was at the airport when the plane left , i probably saw some of the people who were on that plane , that shit hit me deep ... 
  speak of the fuckin ' [ devil !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slrj4ulntdg ), 
  interesting question coming from conspiracy -- theory ... 
  guess it 's time to get your tinfoil hat . 
  so does this work on mac , i need to know soon please !, 
  can someone give me something too ? 
  psn : ghostmw2awsome, 
  so how do i fix [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/3nyx7dt ) ? 
  ( also , i just created an imgur account to upload that pic ), 
  and for wanted up you go r1-r1-o-r2-right-left-right-left-right-left , but you should be able to just add one `` right-left '' for any extra stars instead of having to do it again and again . 
  also , defenetly a blind eye cheat ( not timed ) . 
  the minigun in the back of that should have to be mounted by a player though ... 
  i think that in the beginning you should n't know if trevor is alive , it should be micheal and franklin looking for him fighting through hordes of zombies then when they get trapped he should roll up in his fully upgraded bohdi and take them all out with a minigun/sawed off shotguns . 
  [ also , depending on who you kill in the last mission there should be a completely different zombie story !, 
  but you need a user . 
  you 're lucky , cute cat and wife :p, 
  does she have a really flat chest in this pic ? 
  just me or does she have a really flat chest in this pic ? 
  wow , lots more women masturbate than i thought ... :p, 
  no , but so many women just went `` all the time '' `` of course '' and things like that , just thought women would be more ` shy \u00b4 about it ... ? 
  damn , sorry , i was just thinking in comparison to what i 've seen on sourcefed i thought they would be bigger in this picture ... 
  sorry , i disagree . 
  do n't have the option to download many other things , have n't compared them but have n't had too many problems with skype . 
  yeah , i knew i was , i just wa n't a perfect crew to play with ... :p ( not saying that you 're not perfect if you do n't meet the specifications ), 
  ( ik it 's ps 'd ), 
   masturbating feels good , and that 's just about it , 
  the truth has been spoken !, 
  buy cod black ops 1 but not for multiplayer , the zombie mode in the game is awesome !, 
  ( also if you decide to , you should also buy the dlcs `` first strike '' and `` rezurrection '' ), 
  does n't really matter how she looks as long as she 's not obese and she 's not a skeleton . 
  she needs to be cute , down to earth , good sence of humour , likes video games , adventerous , above average intellegence , cat person , and just overall nice . 
  ghostmw2awsome , gon na get bo2 have rdr . 
  did n't farley die from an od ? 
  what 's in his mouth ? 
  ikr , just looks like a weird photoshop ... 
  ikr , just looks like a weird photoshop ... 
  please tell me who that is !, 
  [ psn ] `` ghsotmw2awsome '' , i ca n't add you at the moment , add me instead . 
  can someone caption this with the fish saying something like `` well shit ... '' or something ? 
  number 7 is justified , i 'd have the same reaction . 
  interesting theory , and it makes sence , but in and interview the writer ( do n't remember his name at the moment ) he said that is was diamonds , but they did n't want both reservoir dogs and pulp fiction to be centered around diamonds . 
  ( sorry for any bad grammar ), 
  not possible on mac i 'm assuming ? 
  if this was n't posted 5 months ago i would reply `` i 've got fish fingers and custard . 
  will that do ? '', 
  i 'm looking at the top left corner , what am i missing ? 
  i do n't think it 's phil , i think it 's a fake account . 
  sorry , though if it was him it 'd be `` phillyd '' or `` philipdefranco '' , not `` phillydefranco '' , also he only had like 91 link karma or something . 
  i beginning to think matt 's jokes are a bit better than tennant 's . 
  i also loved ... ( i just wached like 20 series 7 funny momend videos and could n't find the moment i was looking for , sorry ), 
  i 'm only on series 7 episode 9 , so i 'm not sure i got that referance . 
  ca n't wait , i got a slight spoiler about the `` time of the doctor '' episode , not sure if it was that episode but apparently he [ kills a fleet of daleks with his regeneration energy ... ? 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  ah , i see , thanks , not really a major spoiler though , i knew that he regenerated .
