  ca n't you just spend your money on what you want and not hate other people for how they spent theirs ? 
  i understand that hillary is n't necessarily the greatest person ever , but how in the fuck does trump have * any * support ? 
  ca n't tell if there 's some badly placed head-hair , or some super long armpit-hair . 
  just tried this , turns out they 're actually really flammable , would n't recommend , smells like burnt baby . 
  yup , i after watching twd s7e1 i realized that if someone said `` fuck '' or a titty slipped out people would have been outraged , but it was fine since it was just someone 's head getting smashed in . 
  true , watching a norwegian movie last year there was an underage girl who just took her top off in a scene because she was going to bed , completely non-sexual but it still took me by surprise because of how crazy that would have been in the us . 
  exactly , he 's not a serial shitposter either , he 's posted once since his ama and that was in his own subreddit . 
  i 've heard that the verdict by the fbi wo n't be done until after the election though , how much will it affect her if there 's no actual case before people vote ? 
  that subtle diss of the main villain always being the biggest on sw posters lol . 
  strange , i also have a science teacher with a prosthetic hand . 
   taking opportunities, 
  / r/absolutelynotmeirl, 
  oh god , these apostrophes are getting out of hand . 
  exactly , even trying to pronounce `` city 's ' '' is a chore . 
  it 'll be whiny for like a month about how it was rigged then all the cheetos will go home to 4chan . 
  man i really wan na make a racial joke but i think that 's a bit too edgy for me . 
  exactly , donald would never date a 10 year old . 
  just rape her repeatedly . 
  lol , i do n't know if you caught the ken bone reference . 
  remind you of what ? 
  if you 're on mobile you wo n't catch the imgur aids . 
  if you 're on desktop it 's slightly faster , depending on your internet . 
  ah , thanks . 
  middle age ? 
  there 's nothing middle age about 70 year old cheeto mctinyhands . 
  agreed , by saying that they 're botting were just dropping to their level of not being able to accept that they 're losing . 
  yeah lol , he called pregnant women `` beautiful human submarines '' and described `` bearbacking his wife without worries '' because of his vasectomy . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant by `` imgur aids '' lol . 
  yeah , it 's because they changed the default upload to gallery and it 's harder to get just the direct image link now , as well as being cholera on mobile . 
  it 's a reddit link ... ? 
  oh right , it 's just the picture from imgur i posted . 
  those fucking riggers , taking our jobs . 
  yeah , he 's kind of a sexist asshole so i would n't expect him voting for hillary . 
  louis c.k. 
  for clinton too . 
  i do n't think it 's the news sites , just gullible people , too lazy to look into articles or fact check . 
  sorry if you do n't want spoilers but i ca n't format on mobile so just do n't read any longer if you do n't wan na know . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a grenade that can break reinforced walls . 
  can someone explain this ? 
  it 's a bit of a meme on here but i do n't get the significance . 
  beautiful . 
  `` met a contortionist , said when you wan na get sexual ? 
  she said whenever i fit in your schedule , i 'm flexible . '', 
  my cat got his claw under my eyelid twice in the year i had him , definitely fucking scary when it happens . 
  look at his username . 
  would n't surprise me if it 's china . 
  i do n't know what the safety standards are like there but i would never want to live anywhere this is possible . 
  nah , too offensive for that sub . 
  probably did n't try again after breaking his neck . 
  yup , those damn europeans do n't even know it 's `` make us great again '' . 
  yeah , just different headgear and gun . 
  but i 'm not creative or original :(, 
   `` a deal that 's gon na make donald trump out to be the laughing stock of the world '', 
  well no point in finishing the video if i know he 's gon na sign it . 
  is that a good poll ? 
  i 've heard of polls only tracking 10-20 people all election which seems like an awful idea , i guess my question is , how trustworthy/based in reality is that poll ? 
  i 'm a little bit terrified because until yesterday , trump becoming president seemed impossible , yet now it seems like he 's closing in on hillary and it 's getting closer . 
  ah , sorry , badly worded question , what i meant was , why put your hand to your forehead like that ? 
  oh shit , that 's really interesting , i always felt like these movie schemes to assassinate people seem pretty far fetched so i was wondering if there 's anything like it in real life . 
  ah cool , that 's exactly what i was looking for . 
  i was looking at a picture of someone saluting yesterday and i could n't for the life of me figure out why that 's the go-to hand gesture . 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  fuck cod developers for putting fun secrets in their maps ... 
  ah , thanks !, 
  i 'm a little terrified at the moment but this put me at ease . 
  not that it should n't exist but they should n't be allowed on / r/all , but the last time reddit did that , there was non-stop whining and brigading until they unblocked it . 
  like the beautiful post title i saw the other day : `` rigged poll shows trump ahead of clinton '' on / r/the _ donald . 
  it 's like they do n't even know how dumb they 're being . 
  just one more month and it 'll all be over ... until 2019 at least . 
  i like how the shred of defense for what a presidential nominee has said publicly is that he 's not a politician . 
  the `` reopening '' is more of a `` anthony wiener has some emails and they may pertain to hillary , so heads up if we find anything '' . 
  the case is n't open and wo n't be unless they find something , and even if they do it 'll be long after she 's won . 
  i saw 52 % the other day on a 6k post , they 're so triggered and it 's hilarious . 
  he did get away with it too . 
  to be fair , shooting an rpg from cover is a ** bad ** idea . 
  also , for each tracer , around 3-5 shots are hitting him , so just in the 2 seconds or so in this clip he gets shot around 20 times . 
  yup , even images , between imgur , sli.mg , reddituploads and redd.it my phone only loads pictures or especially gifs ( gfycat , gifhub , giphy , makeagif ) about 20 % of the time . 
  super annoying trying to browse on mobile . 
  have you ever worn climbing gear ? 
  it 's anything but discrete . 
  makes her look cool though . 
  that 'd be cool , not like situations but a mission where they were sol and the operator saved the day maybe . 
  or something like a mission version of their videos . 
  but in a world where there 's no movies or media that use the word the people would n't be familiar with it . 
  well , we do n't really know since there 's no explanation about how it 's spread . 
  they actually referenced it too , i remember watching it when i was younger and he was watching superman talking about how it 's dumb that nobody recognizes clark kent while billy 's putting his fake moustache on . 
  no , it 's more of a simulation , he probably knows the future but he did n't create it , he simply made man and they brought us to where we are today . 
  the official answer from the creator is `` suspend your disbelief '' . 
  i kinda assumed the only cover would be inside , so if that was the case , shooting an rpg inside will ruin your day because of the [ backblast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouscnb-f-6k&amp;ab_channel=dirtyastronaut ) . 
  was gon na add this to my comment but thought it would be too heavy handed lol . 
  yeah , although , shooting inside would kill him and anyone with him in there , rather than just him . 
  probably did n't need to be in the middle of the road though . 
  cool !, 
  also that 's terrifying but cool !, 
  got to shoot one a while back , and i 'll tell you , it * is * cool . 
  but it 's a far more powerful round . 
  lol , more like this : https://youtu.be/5xwcw2cuwvu?t=44s, 
  ( warning : edgy hair phase ), 
  if you do n't want a baby i do n't see why you would n't take an abortion , unless you have a moral issue with it . 
  oh right , of course not planning to just abort before you get pregnant .
