  \\  impying that you do n't watch the show, 
  \\  talking about the current state of the show, 
  they change tons of stuff so it 's not unreasonable to think . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're trolling because you 're such a perfect imitation of a disgusting person . 
  actually kirkman did n't like his comic death . 
  what in the world are you talking about ? 
  these are completely different events and you ca n't possibly hold * all * muslims accountable for crimes in sweden 15 years ago . 
  talking dead last night , michael cudlitz said that kirkman did n't like the comic death for abraham . 
  just me or is this site cholera on mobile ? 
  you seem to be unable to see other people as equal . 
  please do n't reproduce . 
  doubt it 'd be possible to detect , i 've upvoted countless things multiple times just from swapping accounts every few hours . 
  like cuthulu trying to enter the reactors . 
  the picture we staged is on the front page . 
  these guys are so gullible . 
  but he also very carefully spends his time trying to only do things that are worth his time , and in turn money . 
  did that video make more than $ 1000 ? 
  sure , but the net profit could have been nearly 80 % - 90 % more . 
  instead he spent a large percentage of the money he made on a 4k drone shot . 
  even getting it in 1080p would have been fine , it 'd be barely noticeable to anyone , especially considering the percentage of people with 4k monitors/tvs that watch his videos in 4k . 
  it is more complicated , you need to * click * , on * links * . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ 5 ^ ^ ^ ^ months ^ ^ ^ ^ late , ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  might be russia , which it is in that case , but to me it looks more like a small cabin possibly on svalbard or near the north pole . 
  edit : after further inspection the wall socket looks to be norwegian , so i 'd say it 's probably svalbard . 
  on svalbard you 're not allowed out of the towns without rifles for polar bears lol . 
  edit : after further inspection the wall socket looks to be norwegian , so i 'd say it 's probably svalbard . 
  edit 2 : realized i edited the wrong comment lol . 
  human saves trapped lamb ? 
  they 're pretty terrifying . 
  what about this post inspired you to write this comment ? 
  if you are planning on watching the episode go watch it . 
  if not click `` source '' on this comment . 
  really ? 
  i guess it makes sense if swearing 's not allowed . 
  i mean , there 's not really any way of knowing unless there 's somewhere that lists all the changes , or to watch every episode twice . 
  the quickest way would be to check every episode 's length but even that 's not reliable because there 'd be a difference in the logos for the networks at the beginning and end . 
  as someone who has browsed countless gore , death and executions on reddit and 4chan , this is n't far off from how it looks irl . 
  this is what i was thinking too , but the ambient sound seems like it 'd be a bit hard if it does n't sync , or if it 's not the same in the two episodes . 
  the thing i would try ( although it might not work ) would be to cut it right as it cuts to his last ` point ' when he says `` it '' . 
  there was a til a few years ago about a german ( ? ), 
  guy who got caught up in a bank robbery and was shot right in some important organs but his fat stopped it . 
  yeah ? 
  from a google search the russian ones looked more flat , like there was n't any area to stick the plug into . 
  i might be wrong though . 
  yeah no , i mean a lot of people complain that things like the gfy in this thread are allowed on american tv , but saying `` fuck '' is a no-no . 
  what i meant is that i guess if they 're gon na cut it at `` fuck '' they might as well cut it here too . 
  oh i see , no clear indicators then , possibly russia . 
  that 's not a trigger warning , it 's just a label so people know what to expect ... ? 
  i googled it and the norwegian and russian ones were different . 
  apparently russia mostly just has these same ones though . 
  maybe if you were the correct orientation you would n't have such an issue with swastikas . 
  good call . 
  suppression assist medals ; the medal for trying . 
  my friend always gives me shit in battlefield and cod for checking corners obsessively , but he immediately stopped the day he bought r6 : siege lol . 
  that 's what i 'm thinking , i did n't love the beta but i kinda still want the game even though that map sucked . 
  except that the scene in the show is vastly different form the comic . 
  ** spoilers **, 
  lmao , i thought `` yellow guy '' was a reference to the show , not the post . 
  what 's wrong with idubbbz ? 
  yup , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7fhzvq4fr4&amp;ab_channel=herp ) is the worst example i 've ever seen of that , he spends 2 minutes to explain how to do something that can be done in 30 seconds , mostly just self promoting and talking about some irrelevant shit nobody cares about . 
  yup , zombies looks nice , although a step under treyarch 's , the multiplayer was alright , and cod 4 is so much fun . 
  i 'm so sad i bought that game , played it for about 10 hours and uninstalled it before never playing again . 
  if it looks fun to you have fun but i 'm just salty still . 
  never got to play it on ps3 so i 'm excited for it . 
  a bit disappointed it 's $ 60 though . 
  probably not , maybe by the end of the dlc season next year . 
  what a dumb video . 
  yup , spent countless hours telling my friend `` nah man just hold the zombie , he 's about to get to the point ! '', 
  nothing infuriates me more . 
  yeah , totally agree . 
  everyone knows the colour of the camos is directly correlated to the gameplay . 
  i was really confused about why i had you res tagged like that . 
  interesting , never heard that take on it before . 
  to each their own i guess . 
  edit : bonus question , what about games with future wars ? 
  that 's basically where racism comes from , people are racist towards asians for the japanese 's role in ww2 , black people for their part in the civil war/being disrespectful or hating white people/slave owners . 
  i 'm bad at getting my point across but i hope you see it . 
  yeah man , no problem here , it 's a very cool game before you realize that it was n't what you were expecting , however you seem to already know what to expect so that should n't be an issue . 
  if you do n't mind i 'd say some games i definitely recommend if you 're new to the ( modern ) gaming scene are : the last of us , battlefield 1 , doom and rainbow six : siege . 
  those are my favourite at the moment anyways , of course you 'll need to gauge these for yourself but they 're all really good games . 
  i do n't think it 's really a good argument against it , but you can have your opinion . 
  because the train always stops there , it 's the one stop the train makes in the entire route . 
  yeah lol , it looks just like a res tag and i spent about 3 mins trying to find out what i could have possibly tagged you for . 
  the train always stops there . 
  i agree that he seems to just to stupid shit in an attempt to be ` random ' or ` quirky ' , but i 'll be damned if i do n't find it funny as fuck a bit more often than i 'd care to admit . 
  if you 're on desktop using chrome , download the reddit enhancement suite extension , it 's very nice and makes browsing reddit a much better experience . 
  res tagging people is basically just so you can leave a message to yourself about a person if you see them again , like i have a person who spoiled a tv show for me tagged so i know that he 's an asshole in the future if i come across him , i have a few celebrities tagged if their username is n't immediately obvious as to who they are . 
  there 's also a bunch of other features that just make reddit a better place for browsing . 
  while we 're at it you should also get imagus , it makes it so you do n't need to click on images and open the link to view something , if someone posts an image or gif you just hover over it with your mouse and it plays right there . 
  saves so much time and clicking . 
  true , i guess i was thinking more of prejudice in a way , like if an american is somewhere in europe , the people might assume what he 's like just based on that . 
  no , it literally always stops in that exact spot , you 're not fooling anyone . 
  first asian guy that can say his wife 's vagina was ruined on his wedding night . 
  well , at least different enough that most comic readers would 've gotten a shock at least . 
  oh lol , then just hit the little nametag next to peoples username . 
  not really , a trigger warning would probably have some kind of `` warning '' , this one seems to just be more to categorize . 
  this one ? 
  you might not have installed it if not . 
  yeah , you 're right .
