  370,000 is so insane it 's extremely difficult to comprehend . 
  this is very common on subreddits with upvote animations , just click away from the upvote before collapsing . 
  yeah , twitter was mostly the same with a few small graphical differences , not far off . 
  so you 're saying you 'd be perfectly fine if you saw an adult man talking to a kid on their own ? 
  to be fair her mom was hot . 
  it technically has wheels , just not with tires . 
  really you need to be pretty smart to appreciate it . 
  e : jesus christ guys , does everything need a / s tag nowadays ? 
  uh , is it just me or is this a * really * bad angle/picture ? 
  i 'm having trouble comprehending that these are the same people . 
  uh , something about the jews ? 
  i was making fun of the op ... 
  sometimes i just need to get out of this echo chamber and cool down with a nice , classic 9gag greentext . 
  there 's tons more factors than just the wind and gravity , you also need to account for the earths rotation , the people moving ( most people do n't stand still for 5 seconds when in an active warzone ) , humidity . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure but i think the suns radiation and the type of barrel and compensator you use can have a pretty big affect on the bullet . 
  on top of all that you need to have steady as fuck hands , and remember , he killed 2 of them . 
  of course it 's not safe , but as long as you do n't stick your entire body out you should be fine as the sniper almost certainly ca n't hit just your head peaking around a corner , and he probably needs a second or 2 to breathe and think of the wind before shooting . 
  yeah lol , you raised a valid point relevant to the discussion but he needed to lecture you about using the wrong word . 
  i 'm sad that i 'm being * that guy * , but that 's * really * not a rifle . 
  is that from cod 4 or is it a reference to the mw2 mgs thing ? 
  i think the real question we should be asking is , does it matter ? 
  yeah , snipers in real life are known for no scoping the shit outta people when they peek from cover . 
  i agree with you , basic weapons training teaches you to only put your finger on the trigger when you want to be shooting . 
  yeah , i hate to be pedantic and really i could 've just left the comment alone but i 'm bored lol . 
  if you 're considering watching this show , it 's important to know that s1e1 is very different from the rest of the episodes , and they 're not connected , you can watch in any order you want . 
  that being said , i 'd personally recommend watching episodes 2 , 3 , 5 and 6 of season 3 , they 're stupidly good , all for different reasons . 
  yeah , same for me when a new episode of twd is out , since i live in europe i ca n't watch it immediately , they 're generally very good at tagging spoilers but i know i 'd hate myself if i saw something i did n't want to . 
  how i feel about finding out that there are so many baldwins : [ ( pretend he 's saying baldwins , i 'm too lazy to edit it . 
  ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nr8r09c8ogg ), 
  huh . 
  nice . 
  lmao me too , there 's some fucked up shit in that sub . 
  what if you only talked about the pants tent in past tense ? 
  then put razors in it and give it out on sunday . 
  ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic , is it a problem ? 
  the lack of self awareness and humbleness of americans always amuses me . 
  getting dragged underwater is the worst , just barely touching a rock leaves you bleeding like a pig and it 's annoying as fuck . 
  oh , interesting . 
  never played mgs but in the `` modern warfare meets metal gear solid '' series on youtube there 's a funny line from snake that goes something like `` i 'm no hero , i just continuously risk my life over and over for the good of man kind and to save the world '' . 
  also i recently re-played the cod 4 campaign and there 's a line that 's pretty similar so that 's why i was confused . 
  dae all cod is the same amirite ?!?!, 
  xdxd, 
  exactly lol , bo3 is tons of calling cards that have intentional easter eggs/references to other games . 
  literally every cod fan i 've talked to for the last 3 years has said that ghosts is the worst game ever . 
  that 's like watching the phantom menace and complaining about how bad star wars is . 
  yup , the same in the `` dae cod in space is stupid ?!, 
  ? xdxd '' thread the other day , i tried replying to everyone saying that it was stale or `` recycled garbage '' and every single person either said that they have n't played the latest games , or they did n't reply . 
  i did n't hear a single proper argument ,, 
  interesting analogy , and as much of a cod apologist i am , it might work to an extent , although there 's still a fair few things in cod that make the games good . 
  it 's pretty fun honestly , unless you reject the boost jump i think it 's one of the best ( cod ) multiplayers of all time . 
  easy trick to remember it , infinite warfare is made by infinity ward . 
  makes the acronym a fucking pain lol . 
  why 's that ? 
  what specifically was bad about it ? 
  i 'm honestly curious because i ca n't seem to get a good answer out of anyone . 
  yeah , treyarch are in such a shitty position because they 're forced to have their games lumped in with the rest of them , when in reality they 're all quite different . 
  the other day someone was telling me that they were too full of `` futuristic space bullshit '' , but the core gameplay is still the same boring stuff from previous games . 
  is n't that how change should be implemented in video games ? 
  or media overall honestly , the way everyone says you need to evolve is to keep the core the same , but still vary it enough for it to not be literally the same . 
  why 's that ? 
  why do you think they 're shit ? 
  what was the last cod you played ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  the new gen ones really changed it up honestly , going from ghosts to aw to bo3 is a very different experience than say mw1 , mw2 and mw3 . 
  but i thought they were `` not even cod anymore because of the future space bullshit '' ? 
  i have n't had any issues with that and i have over 7 days in the bo3 mp . 
  except that the `` gameplay mechanics they ripped from titanfall '' were added in aw , 16 months into development . 
  why 's that ? 
  is it because the servers would go down sooner ? 
  this is what annoys me a lot , treyarch honestly put a lot of work into their games and have a very strong community , but they get tons of shit because they 're attached to the cod brand . 
  yeah it 's a bit strange they did n't , it ended on a cliffhanger and then they just went on to infinite warfare . 
  must have just been the bad reception . 
  i have no clue what about this game warrant it being called `` fucking complete garbage '' , as someone who paid $ 110 for it , let alone someone who got it for free . 
  / r/gamingcirclejerk in this thread for real . 
  the thing here is you 're comparing the mw series , made by infinity ward who are notorious for making the worst games in the cod series . 
  this is my biggest issue with people saying it 's recycled . 
  literally look up a video of ghosts , then aw , then bo3 . 
  they 're completely different . 
  this is what annoys me , people always talk about how you need to change and advance while still keeping the core gameplay , which is exactly what cod does , but it still gets shit on by people who only played until mw2 . 
  i feel like infinity ward are completely to blame for the bad reputation cod has , mostly because they had the 2 worst cod games back to back , and mw3 definitely was way more similar to mw2 than it should 've been . 
  meanwhile treyarch and even sledgehammer have put out different and innovative games but they still get shit on a ton because as soon as people see the iw trailer ( another infinity ward game ) they go apeshit about how cod sucks and is trying to copy halo . 
  the easiest way to lose an argument is to speak in absolutes like that without any actual arguments to back you up . 
  what cod games have you played in the last 5 years ? 
  i agree to a large extent , but still it 's not really fair to compare them , they 're very different games . 
  yup , they started stealing ideas from halo the second bf1 was announced , and impressively released 5 future games before bf1 , and are releasing the 6th in a week . 
  why 's that ? 
  i swear in 1-2 years when they do another ww2/vietnam game they 're gon na get shit for copying battlefield going back to old timey wars too . 
  mark my words . 
  strange , imo aw is the most memorable cod . 
  not really because it was so great but it 's a lot different from the infinity ward and treyarch games . 
  one thing i thought was pretty mindblowing was in [ yahtzee 's review for ghosts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dctbhjdctni&amp;ab_channel=escapist ) he was complaining about how every single character in the game you 're on teams with is white , and every hispanic or black person needs to die , and he went on to joke about how the next cod would just have a magical gas that kills everyone that has too dark of a skin tone . 
  then when playing aw , they release the nerve gas or whatever it was , that only targets people who are n't in the atlas corporation , and they just so happened to drop it in afghanistan so all the locals would die while the white soldiers survived . 
  i 'm not really trying to make this a race thing or anything , i just thought it was a funny coincidence . 
  you have the right idea , from the rest of this thread it seems that 99 % of people bashing cod as a whole are just saying that mw3 and ghosts were shit , and iw looks terrible . 
  what a strange coincidence that the same company has made all 3 of those in a row lol . 
  i know exactly what you mean , playing games where i can fine tune these settings always makes me wish it just had the same as cod , it just feels * nice * . 
  what do they have to gain though ? 
  if they 're stealing it and trying to slip it under the radar it hardly seems worth it , you 're saving a graphic designer a days work and in turn you get all the negative press from threads like this , and possible lawsuits ? 
  the part that you seem to have accidentally deleted from your comment is the part where the developer of that game said that he did indeed steal the assets . 
  it 's not like they 're cutthroat competitors , iw congratulated dice on their bf1 reveal , and cod has a few other halo ees and references .
