  you can prefire but try and learn how to time it to avoid using half your mag on nothing . 
  '' `` as a result , we are currently planning on removing maps from the game entirely down the road ( not in season 3 ) . 
  only listening to pros gets you things like only being able to play the brand new map if you get lucky with the map in casual , and other suggestions that the pros have that are good at high level competitive play , but does n't have a place in a game people play for fun . 
  i do n't get what your issue is with someone having a different opinion from you is ? 
  it does n't say that at all . 
  the reddit community has literally done nothing but complain about every little thing for the past 6 months . 
  your opinion is the only valid one , nobody can like maps you do n't like . 
  just learn the map ... why does ubi have to police how well we know the map before we 're allowed to play it ? 
  i do n't remember last time i played casual and do n't have enough friends for custom games so i wo n't be able to learn the map before it 's in ranked regardless . 
  my exact thoughts , along with the fact that we 'll never be able to play the new map unless we get a 1/15th chance in casual , at which point we wo n't even be able to choose bomb sites and select proper operators . 
  i would be for this change if they had esl maps + hereford/kanal/theme park in ranked and kept all the maps in casual . 
  literally removing maps from the game is a terrible idea in my opinion and anyone who thinks it 's a good idea needs to realize that other people hold other opinions . 
  not being able to play the new map in ranked at all seems like a terrible idea , what 's the point of having a map that nobody knows and you only have a 1/15 chance of getting it and even then you ca n't even properly play the map . 
  `` house is garbage '' sounds like you having an issue with him having a differing opinion . 
  plat/diamond players make up about 10 % of the players in the game . 
  do you really think everyone in low ranks should have their favourite maps taken away because the very best 1000 or so people that play this game do n't like certain maps ? 
  i appreciate the balancing issues but entirely removing maps from the game is n't the answer . 
  plat/diamond makes up for less that 10 % of the community , how are you seriously gon na argue that point ? 
  i 'm plat 1 buddy so fuck off with your elitism , i 'm just saying the entire gamemode being catered to the top 5 % of players is fucking stupid . 
  ooooooorrrr ... 
  they can be re-worked and incorporated back into the game ... ? 
  why is it that if the balancing is messed up first time around the best answer is to just delete it from the game ? 
  it literally says that they 're removing map preferences ... ? 
  i do n't get what you 're talking about . 
  `` ghostmw2awsome '', 
  1st of all , ** you 're *** . 
  second of all , i only play bomb . 
  third of all , why do n't you post your username so we can all see how amazing you are ? 
  fair point , you 're the first person to actually come with a rational argument . 
  i agree that it should be geared towards higher level play but that does n't justify removing maps from casual and possibly deleting them from the game . 
  entirely deleting a map is just a massive waste on time and sucks for whatever number of people liked the map . 
  ( which i would assume is far higher than most people here think ), 
  i know but it 's still an issue to me , immediate or not . 
  i think the ranked map pool would be great if they kept kanal/hereford and put theme park in . 
  they also said they were looking into entirely removing maps from the game . 
  probably around 20 % to 40 % tbh . 
  packaging room , master bedroom on clubhouse , bedroom on skyscraper , master bedroom on chalet . 
  it 's not a great site but there are worse . 
  they said they were looking into entirely removing maps from the game , including t-hunt . 
  except for every other season of this game which have turned out fine ... 
  the thing is , people who * love * these maps are more likely to be lower ranks , people who are lower ranks are less likely to hear about this ( due to not being that invested in the game ) and due to not hearing about it you do n't see them complaining here on reddit . 
  i see that argument , but i think what pro league player `` lacky '' wrote on twitter sums up my opinion very well , he basically said that even though it 's a good idea in theory , in practice it means that higher level competitive players will basically never play the map since they do n't play casual , and there 's no reason to scrim a map that 's not even in ranked . 
  then when ubi come around and ask if it 's ready for pro league the overwhelming response from pros will be `` basically never played it '' . 
  not to mention my personal opinion which is that if they do decide to bring it in from ranked in say 1 or 2 seasons , it will be even worse for competitive , because for most plats/diamonds and competitive players , they wo n't know the map any better than they do now , except for an even smaller group of people in that category that have sweated it out in casual or scrims . 
  causing a huge rift in people 's map knowledge when it finally does come into ranked . 
  `` as a result , we are currently planning on removing maps from the game entirely down the road '', 
  yeah , just as a general trend , i like hereford and i 'm level 230 plat 1 . 
  i just mean people who are most likely to be against this are by nature least likely to speak up against it . 
  house construction is n't even that hard to defend , when i play ranked it 's usually my first pick . 
  keeping in mind house is an inherently attacker sided map , but it does n't mean defense is impossible . 
  yeah i feel the same way . 
  yes i know , i just mean in general , it does n't need to happen this season for me to disagree with it . 
  the fact that basically all the pro league players have been asking for this change and it happens is all the evidence you need that this is catering to the pros . 
  there was a problem on pc with people getting a lot of renown so for some reason they also remove it on console ... not to mention it 's currently the best way to get renown legitimately and the timing seems awfully convenient seeing as how we 're gon na be able to buy alpha packs with r6 credits soon ... 
  `` removed all maps we 've ever received complaints about , removed all operators with the letter ` e ' in their name , removed ranking system so people do n't get their feelings hurt when they lose , removed all lighting . 
  it 's just blackness now . 
  minor text fixes '', 
  i agree with the change in ranked , the point i 'm arguing is most people in plat/diamond barely being able to play the new map , as well as removing maps from the game entirely being a dumb-ass decision . 
  depends on the gamemode but i assume you mean bomb ? 
  open up the entirety of the kids room walls , except maybe one of the closet walls for a mira . 
  play somebody in the dark spot in construction or maybe by the blue container and run outside on the attackers rappelling basically . 
  yeah for sure . 
  yeah but why do they punish ps4 and xbox players who ca n't do this ? 
  yeah , depends on who 's playing , in my usual squad i have 2 guys who just sit and wait about 90 % of the time , making it hard to attack without rappelling in and dying . 
  the other 3 are usually running out or peeking off-angles to weed down the enemy numbers a bit . 
  yeah i know , it 's not the most likely reason , just a thought i had . 
  the most probable cause is just negligence and stupidity on ubi 's part as usual . 
  yeah but what legitimate reasons are there for ubi to remove solo renown on console terrorist hunt ? 
  exactly lol . 
  i 've spoken to mzo and i know that for one , kix does n't wan na give up any airtime , and secondly , mzo does n't want to move to poland , especially not for a sub position for the regular season . 
  coastline is a strong map for penta as well . 
  it needs to be disallowed in competitive play , such a cheap trick and i 'm surprised more teams do n't use it , there 's honestly no downside . 
  yeah , i honestly believe that the only teams that are gon na win are rogue possibly if they can turn up , or ctm if they can get their roster and team-chemistry up to par to make it to lan . 
  however , penta are gon na need to take a chill pill if any na teams are gon na have a chance lol . 
  what glitch ? 
  i feel the opposite , coastline has 4 decent sites and is well balanced while skyscraper relies on jump outs onto the balcony and is the most unbalanced map in the map pool . 
  yes i know but i 'm talking about statistics and facts , not subjective opinion . 
  that 's yacht , favelas is extremely attacker sided . 
  ah man , big wax is the shit !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  79 % defence win on tea room , 19 % defence win on bbq . 
  does n't sound balanced to me . 
  i appreciate the comic but what 's with all this weeb speak ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  yup , fabian has told me that on a busy week of practice and pro league he plays about 10-15 hours . 
  yup , pengu 's the only one that plays full time and according to king george all the penta players only get about $ 100 each , per month . 
  it was a 5v2 . 
  this clip marks his 3rd 4k of that map . 
  1 free french or brazilian tweet . 
  they did get the boot camp thing and they have 2 coaches but i still feel like if the `` $ 100/month '' thing is true , they need to get that changed . 
  nobody 's even close honestly , penta did n't even lose a single map at lan . 
  other teams are gon na have to seriously step up if they wan na knock penta off . 
  4 wins does n't sound unlikely . 
  i 'd recommend elevate vs ence , penta vs fontt and penta vs elevate . 
  maybe if you aimed down sights you could hit him . 
  it makes it a lot easier to play long angles and roam at long distances . 
  there is a huge advantage to having acog on a fast defender . 
  too strong when roaming . 
  yeah but why does it matter that it 's equal ? 
  you ca n't lean without aiming on console ?
