  you shut your whore mouth calling lc a nasty case of hemorrhoids . 
  yeah , but the way she was kicking the snow seemed like she was doing it to annoy the cat and not fend it off . 
  ah that 's hilarious , what a coincidence . 
  might happen if cod ever dies out . 
  that 's the most likely one and still not very . 
  no i meant that it 's still not that likely even when it dies out . 
  [ here 's the 2 best ones i got . 
  supplydrops . 
  lol , most people did n't like it because they were bad , it 's an amazing map . 
  dude , shut up, 
  around when they added cod points i think , you can also get brass knuckles and a butterfly knife . 
  open supply drops ... 
  lol , it 's rng so you 're gon na need to give it a few tries . 
  does n't anyone thing rick 's head looks really weird in this picture ? 
  frame drops are n't that noticable imo , you only drop below 20 if you 're inside a huge explosion . 
  some of the cities and when it 's raining can cause some iffy framerate but i 'd definitely recommend it . 
  i also think his head looks way too big . 
  just got gold on it last night , i 'm not looking forward to pistols though . 
  mule kick is way more complicated than that . 
  not necessarily . 
  no , the way it works is , say you have a mr6 , a vesper and a mule kick gun . 
  if you 're holding the mr6 or the vesper out it 'll take your mule kick him but if you 're holding you 're mule kick gun out it 'll take your vesper . 
  it never takes your first weapon though . 
  no , i 've tested this very in depth . 
   the way it works is , say you have a mr6 , a vesper and a mule kick gun . 
  if you 're holding the mr6 or the vesper out it 'll take your mule kick him but if you 're holding you 're mule kick gun out it 'll take your vesper . 
  it never takes your first weapon though . 
  i do n't have a capture card to go on and test it out in depth like that . 
  haha yeah , as you can see as soon as i noticed he had a knife out i immediately pulled out mine , thought it was a hilarious moment . 
  i 'm just really bad at headshots . 
  oh btw , [ here 's the video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgpnqhtlceo ), 
  haha, 
  almost did n't recognize you . 
  pls link, 
  haha , i just paused and had a moment of disbelief . 
  that 's interesting , might have made the movie better , but then again i 'd say just having him speak normally would be even better than this . 
  haha , yeah . 
  i was very ready to have a hole in my wall . 
  you can just close the game ... ? 
  oh , [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htjidahjssm ) btw . 
  ahh , hindsight i guess . 
  i * had * 5 . 
  5d 21h 47m 37s at the moment , i slowed down a bunch when just cause 3 came out though . 
  every time someone writes this it looks like they 're saying `` pshh '', 
  can someone tell me what this said ? 
  perkaholic gives you all the perks for 500 points , it 's amazing . 
  when people ask about it . 
  i 'm usually on reddit at the same time as i game but the loading screens do n't seem to take that long to me . 
  was this when he was asked about aliens ? 
  lmao , do n't . 
  yeah me too haha . 
  i thought the picture in the background was a mirror and was confused . - . 
  depends on the cpm and if he monetized the video , but yeah that 's a lot of views . 
  next on showerthoughts :, 
  it said no smoking and no glass , they seemed to have forgotten the `` no ass '' sign though . 
  did you ever see your mother again ? 
  yeah haha , uncle ben * always * dies . 
  the japanese * have that shit down to a science . 
  you are now subscribed to grammarnazi facts !, 
  did you know that the average grammarnazi has 2 or more of the same word in they 're username ? 
  except that no one can say for sure that a industry is squeaky clean . 
  i tried to get you with writing the wrong form of `` their '', 
  not my best game i know , just thought this was pretty sweet . 
  and i would 've gotten away with it too if it was n't for that meddling kuda . 
  i always thought he was lying when he said he had everything planned out before he even released iv , i guess he did have some sort of plan . 
  also in the teaser he has his mask on but in the movie it does n't really make sense for his mask to be on in that scene . 
  [ patting intensifies ], 
  there 's also a shot in one of the trailers from the same scene where he has his helmet on . 
  when you die you collision box disappears so this is n't possible . 
  so your hard disk drive ? 
  not even in a row , just 5 kills with the gun in a life . 
  not jealous , just very impressed , that means he got all 100 headshots , 50 without attachments , 50 with all attachments and 14 to spare for all the other challenges . 
  yes !, 
  i know right !, 
  everyone says that it handled horribly but the vehicles in 5 feel weightless and in 4 you can actually tip the cars mid turn , it feels amazing . 
  are there headshotting lobbys that count towards weapon progression ? 
  `` submitted 16 hours ago by jlitus21 '', 
  [ intensifying intensifies ], 
  i guess that makes sense but barely a single slip-up during the bloodthirsty phase and he only has like 7 days played ? 
  yup and the 10 % part is bullshit too i think , i remember seeing a mythbusters episode where the lowest point they saw it at was about 15 % when the person was completely relaxed looking at the top of a cat machine . 
  never tipped over mid turn in 5 because of my weight though . 
  go to gfycat and just paste the yt url, 
  will attempt it when i get home , sounds pretty challenging but it 'll be fun . 
  looking to get my name on that leaderboard :p, 
  i did n't , this was / r/all on the day that alan rickman died . 
  forgot i had it on my laptop until today so might be too outdated . 
  the technology to type in straight lines ? 
  off, 
  i live in norway and to me she seems like just another girl . 
  interesting . 
  awesome !, 
  thanks . 
  will report back if i find one !, 
  yeah haha , i found a t-51 as well when looking in those locations so now i have each suit . 
  haha , that 's how i got my x-01 head and gauss rifle was by stealing it from teagan . 
  a person * walking * to work ? 
  he can have my babies . 
  release date for dlc 2 is what he means . 
  combat knife was n't bad for me but one of the challenges messed up for me so i ca n't get it :(,
