  he was a bad director and writer , he had good concepts but they were written badly . 
  i think they changed the rarity of it because i got it like 3 times the first day but now i have n't gotten it in quite a while . 
  idk where you 're getting your info so i might be wrong , but i 'd say bossk is probably more likely than ig-88, 
  double tap 2 was n't in black ops 1 . 
  it * is * a pretty sweet poster . 
  yup , the panzer grabbing you was probably the worst part about him . 
  excited about this not being a feature . 
  ugh , please no . 
  just want to point out that * most * perk bottles look like like that in bo3 . 
  oh maybe , i 'll take another look later . 
  i feel like if i had a shotgun i 'd definitely shoot one down if, 
  i saw one . 
  free stuff !, 
  yup , homing shot too . 
  i think it 's because that guy seems to be promoting cutting . 
  fuck people getting to play the map early . 
  ca n't you just release the map when you release the map ? 
  actually it 's 8pm in the uk . 
  although i agree with this , i feel like you should n't need 3 perks to make a gun not bad . 
  6 hits ? 
  racism towards whites vs racism towards any other race . 
  do n't think i could find it now but i remember seeing a video like a year ago of a black guy being interviewed on the news saying that `` these cracker ass racist just want to kill all black people '' then went on to talk about how black people cant be racist . 
  * creams pants at thought of not having to wait 10 hours to download this after the map is out *, 
  does n't really matter as long as it 's done before the dlc . 
  annoying anyways but not that bad . 
  no idea . 
  you do n't get karma from self posts and i have n't seen this anywhere in ` new ' . 
  no problem  was just talking to a friend about the dlc and saw this post on me_irl , seemed to fit perfectly . 
  the entirety of 2 maps that released at the same time since we last saw this perk . 
  found another musical easter egg , you hit 3 grammophones . 
  one in the bedroom area by the kn-44 , one in the speed cola room and one right as you get down the stairs by the mpd . 
  / u/thecraffey, 
  probably need to do it 4p if you ask me . 
  which switch ? 
  do n't know , just copied the same comment . 
  on the map right now looking for it but i 'm in the same boat as you my friend . 
  thanks , trying it now . 
  posting a pic in a sec . 
  died trying to get away from the rocked and this happened ... 
  i 'm on solo . 
   - wip -, 
  this is to * upgrade * the ww , not just to do simple setup that everyone needs to do to get past round 15 . 
  ok , put it in the op anyways . 
  the setup is fine but when you die on round 5 you 've lost 20 minutes on a useless game . 
  same haha , was n't my best run but i did back out . 
  where 's the last bundle of sticks ? 
  i 've only found 2 . 
  alright sweet , thanks . 
  where 's the ` clock room ' ? 
  nvm , found out you meant the bell tower . 
  sweet , will test it out in a min . 
  haha , i was gon na say where 's the last faggot but i feel like that would n't have gone over as well :p, 
  alright , sweet . 
  which is a real cunty thing to do on treyarch 's part . 
  up top with the death ray , tried to use the trap as often as possible . 
  haha , you 'll get it eventually . 
  sweet !, 
  [ i know your pain brother ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19lp1pyhvlm ), 
  i just suddenly down mid wallrun ... ? 
  that were on the ground ... 
  lol no . 
  it 's not really graphic just pisses me off a ton . 
  true , at a point in my rage i started imagining what i 'd do to that guy if i had him strapped down . 
  poor cat, 
  haha , yeah, 
  guess i 'll try to get the bowie knife , such a bitch though . 
  ehh , i like the show but i 'm not quite sure if this is a good idea . 
  i was on 39 . 
  he just does n't seem to take damage . 
  yeah i 'm hitting his power core . 
  although i do n't get it myself , i feel like it 's unfair to call it a gross fantasy . 
  it 's similar to any other fetish i imagine . 
  now that i think about it ... 
  no , i was hitting at least 75 % of my shots . 
  that 's what i did . 
  this is weird lol , i 've never thought of this being a thing new players would n't know of but it makes perfect sense . 
  [ ugh , tell me about it . 
  the funny thing is that this is n't even live , so the editors just put this in because it 's fucking hilarious . 
  that 's a great thing on pc , if you have your hand on your mouse it looks like you 're laughing in game as well . 
  but in black ops 1 you could ** restart ** !, 
  but you can dual wield the mr6 ... 
  it 's because it was a trailer before the map came out . 
  dude , the panzer though ... 
  still a dual wielded mr6 ... 
  oh man , this is pretty much the optimal outcome i could think of when i first saw that video . 
  the cat is in care , random strangers on the internet paying to help it out , that scumbag in prison , hopefully getting an expanded rectum in the near future . 
  what a funny and original joke . 
  i always post this when people say to not hate them because `` it 's satire '' . 
  when i woke up this morning , i did n't expect the rectum expert to be correcting me . 
  aaaaaand you 're on a list ... 
  what are you doing later ? 
  why stop there ? 
  why not have a 1-1 ratio on points and dollars ? 
  want to pap ? 
  better take advance pay , want to hit the box and try to get a ray gun ? 
  better get a loan . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyss-8btvme ), 
  exactly . 
  yeah , had n't used it that much this game so i did n't realize it was bad , then when i went into the wundersphere to funnel the zombies i realized too late . 
  hit it like 10 times i think , was pretty lucky though .
