  uhhh , proof ? 
  i like how there 's another one to the left of the hole , because you can tell that he 's done the exact same thing before . 
  sure , i do n't mean to inconvenience you , just thought it was kinda sketchy to just belive you actually being that guy . 
  i just think it 's weird how pc gamers mercilessly mock console gamers when they say something ignorant that they did n't know about pc . 
  but a lot of pcmr people make fun of new gen consoles for being `` 720p24fps '', 
  really ? 
  nice , i have n't seen 60fps on xbone before . 
  edit : it 's alright that i 'm being downvoted but can someone explain why ? 
  i know it was n't as good as e3 , and it might just be because i play on ps . 
  but i though wd was beautiful , even at only 900p . 
  if it does n't look like that/run 60fps , ca n't we sue them or something for false advertising ? 
  i 'm calling bullshit on a 500 $ pc , i 've been looking for getting one for 850 $ but have n't found anything decent . 
  the video was 1080p60 and there were 60 individual frames per second . 
  anywhere but the us this is a myth . 
  i live in norway , the truth is i 'm really just too lazy to find out how much it would cost , from what i could tell though i could n't get a decent pc for less than 8000 nok . 
  the truth is i accidentally spent almost all the money i was gon na use on a pc and i 'm salty to find out how cheap it actually is . 
  excuse my previous comments . 
  me too , hopefully i 'll have some work this summer and make some money , will report back at the end of the summer with how much money i have for a pc budget and hopefully i 'll get some help . 
  ps4/xbone . 
  that screenshot was in gta iv . 
  damn , guess it 's time to change my flair . 
  this makes me wish there were co-op missions in sp . 
  as long as he does n't bother me in online i do n't mind this too much . 
  nothing bad about that . 
  this screenshot was in gta iv . 
  sorry , had to make that joke . 
  op says that he 's been looking at the screenshot for `` 2 years '' but the screenshot was in the original gta iv , so it 's been out far longer . 
  ( although i realize now that he probably only saw it first time in gta v ), 
  kind of a dick move to blow up an unarmed heli flying away from you . 
  what ... ? 
  ruin another online players fun for no apparant reason ? 
  edit : oh no !, 
  my meme points :(, 
  really ? 
  damn , i could 've sworn it was . 
  no doubt i 'd do the same , but if i 'm flying around in a frogger or maverick and i hear the beeping from the homing launcher ... 
  i 'm not even a threat !, 
  is it bad i thought `` rwanda '' was a black girls name ? 
  this is the whitest thing i 've ever seen . 
  and i 've seen the `` 400 cars and 400 guitars '' video . 
  that 's what i was thinking , i have it for ps3 but thought i could play multiplayer when i get a pc . 
  may or may not have accidentally just bought postal 2 as well . 
  still have like $ 1 , what should i get ? 
  i have a mac air that i got from school and apparantly i can still run postal 2 and i 'm happy about that . 
  already am :p, 
  haha , nice . 
  i have a mac that can run most of these games decently . 
  argh , i want the valve comlplete pack . 
  i also have crappy mac at the moment :p, 
  yeah , i tried postal 2 last night . 
  it was a good time :p, 
  i 'm really close to buying the valve complete pack . 
  although i feel like i wo n't be playing any of the games except cs : s, 
  i did have tf2 a long time ago but it disappeared from my library for some reason . 
  oooohhh , i hope civ v is on sale . 
  edit : ` tis but i do n't have enough in my steam wallet . 
  not sure , i have it for ps3 and it 's alright . 
  but i ca n't run it on my mac and i just got it from a friend a while ago . 
  got ta say ; [ it 's a hell of a deal , ] ( http://imgur.com/t8obiwf ) but i only have a mac at the moment , might still get it . 
  yeah , it 's alright . 
  i do n't even know how i have it on steam . 
  i got it on disk a few years ago for christmas and played it a few times . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  edit : i get it , a ` ite . 
  not a huge fan of the whole `` real time strategy '' thing . 
  haha , yeah . 
  i 'm tempted to buy the `` valve complete pack '' . 
  might try it out , thanks . 
  i 'm in the exact same situation . 
  oh god , i have games from psn sales that i havent played yet ... how is steam going to treat me . 
  i ca n't afford it before like in a few days when the sale 's gone :(, 
  norwegian , why ? 
  when i buy steam wallet cards it says in euros . 
  oh really ? 
  interesting . 
  i always thought it felt awkward and stiff on ps3 but if it 's any better on pc then i 'm excited . 
  dude , that was 4 months ago . 
  do n't have the money at the moment and it 'll be off sale when i get enough for it :(, 
  i was assuming he was a troll but still kinda hoping he was actually that ignorant . 
  it 's weird how i hated him in the beginning for being so smug all the time but when that girl ( i do n't remember her name ) made him dig his own grave i felt so sorry for him . 
  even though it was n't recieved well i really like wd and i 'd say it was worth getting if it 's on sale . 
  the only thing that worries me is that it 's ubisoft . 
  i 'm still super pumped for ghost recon , the division and rainbow six : siege . 
  was n't alex his daughter ? 
  i have n't watched the show in like 2 years so i have no idea . 
  i kinda like the uplay point system , it makes me want to do side missions to unlock cool stuff . 
  i feel like those numbers are accurate , i got gold for like the stupidest reason . 
  `` simpson is did it '' ? 
  edit : lmao , i do n't even know why i 'm being downvoted . 
  i want games but i 'm not creative enough to come up with a funny comment :(, 
  * cough * nils * cough *, 
  `` big t 's my favourite , stop it ! '', 
  lmao . 
  i hope that in 20 years some news site links this with the title `` what people in 2015 thought 2035 would be like '' . 
  also if you 're reading this in 2035  , please make sure i 'm still alive . 
  ^ is ^ it ^ bad ^ that ^ i ^ think ^ the ^ graphics ^ look ^ mostly ^ the ^ same ? 
  i mean , i kinda get if a game has a bad pc port and runs well on consoles but when it 's bad on both ... how does that even happen ? 
  spoiler alert : the answer is `` ubisoft '' . 
  haha , nice . 
  although i know pc 's better , i 'm happy i do n't have to deal with that kind of thing .
