but not even general beckman knows that shaw is a ring agent ... 
  i agree . 
  i dont know why but i find the episodes `` chuck vs the tooth '' ( think it 's season 3 , but ca n't remember ) and whatever the first few episodes in season 3 where called , because i feel they 're really slow , and alot of info regarding the plot that i already know , so i think that it 's a waste of time , also chuck 's really sad and down in the first few episodes , and that makes me sad and down . 
  for sort of the same reason , i do n't like the tooth episode because i hate the idea of chuck going insane and that being because of the intersect . 
  oh yeah , sorry i thaught you meant on him being a ring agent , but now that i think about it , he does n't become a ring agent before he finds out about sarah 's redtest . 
  my mistake ... 
  oh , sorry , i guess it 's good that you did n't get spoiled . 
  the only confirmed parts of her name is `` sam lisa ____ '', 
  i probably did n't answer your question , but it 's probably just an inside joke , or a refrance to see how many fans were paying attention ... 
  do you think that since we are constantly being updated about what 's going on , that when the current generation grow old they will be all caught up with new tech and stuff instead of living in the past ? 
  what do you mean , like buy them , i 'd buy one !, 
  they 're aweseome !, 
  and add wildlife/hunting, 
  i 've noticed him , i always laugh because he 's so casual and looking at the landscape and stuff ... 
  you die from the water pressure , the same thing happens to the sub ... 
  though they said that they would be out in the spring ... 
  also you should be able to buy the flares in ammunation , the ones you get when calling an airstrike . 
  they do n't have to do anything specific , but they would be cool underwater and just as a marker to other players . 
  i often buy the airstrike and let the plane pass just to keep the flare . 
  i think some of these things from single player would really bring online to life :, 
  - wildlife : being able to go shark hunting with your shotgun or knife fighting with bobcats . 
  - random events : adding the same ones from singleplayer maybe , and some more , even if not this have the existing armoured trucks unload their money like sp and give them a destination instead of having them going in circles all the time . 
  - scuba gear : mother f * cking scuba gear !, 
  - some of the outfits from/like the ones from sp : i really love roleplay and would love the `` police man '' outfit , the `` scuba land '' the `` skydiver '' and all of those . 
  some things not from sp :, 
  - more fun vehicles : maybe add some more modifications to your personal vehicles like spike strips , mounted mgs ( only on specific cars . 
  ie , mesa from merryweather mercs . 
  ) , some new military planes and/or helis like the apache helicopter or the f35 aka : hydra from sa ( sorry if i got the names wrong . ), 
  the main reason i want this is because i 'm getting bored of new cars and guns all the time , do n't get me wrong , i love the zentorno and the new guns , but it 'd be nice with a change . 
  - flares from merryweather : the flares you get from the merryweather airstrike in ammunation , i love the flares and they 'd be nice to have to mark things for your friends , also they should look cool underwater . 
  ( they do n't have to do anything specific , just smoke , also you should be able to customize the smoke colour , and maybe upgrade the burn time . . ? ), 
  - the dinghy and cargobob to buy : this one is self-explanitory , the ability to buy the dinghy from www.docktease.com, 
  and the cargobob from www.warstockcacheandcarry.com ( do n't know the urls by heart , correct me if i 'm wrong . ), 
  - more server customization : no cops , no radar , no personal weapons , no killing other players , toggle wildlife , vehicle class spawns in street ( normal  coupes  sports  muscle  super ect ... ) , player health ( minimum  low  normal  high  maximum  invincible ) , npc/npc vehicle spawns ( off  low  normal  high . 
  i know this would strain the servers a lot more . 
  ) , a video editor / `` theator mode '' , cheats from sp ( you could get a list and toggle them individually or toggle all ) , vehicle restrictions ( do n't like a specific vehicle ? 
  just turn them off ) and the ability for anyone on the server to vote on an option and it would show up on everyones feed ie : `` xxnoobfagxx has voted to turn off tanks . 
  go to the `` vote '' menu to vote '' ( feel free to add some that you think would be cool . ), 
  - also add a 4-6 person van , fully customizable ( i want it in matte black with tinted windows ) , no windows on the `` back '' part of the van , and it should be fast . 
  i think these features would be nice in online , feel free to tell me what you think . 
  ( i do know r * wo n't add most of these things ), 
  cool , i agree . 
  i 'm sorry that i do n't know too much about the air vehicles , all my knowledge comes from video games so i do n't know all that much . 
  why is the pic removed ? 
  add me on skype if you 're under 30 !, 
  ( pm me ), 
  everyone says that the hydra was in the trailer , but it was n't , i 've looked extensivley at the trailer and all the features of the `` hydra '' are the same as the current lazer ( i would love to see the hydra though ) . 
  the thing about the annihilator in gta iv is that is has some really op explosive bullets ... 
  oh , that 's probably right , almost only played tbogt ... 
  if someone needs help with this you can go ahead and add me and i 'll drive mine around in mine till it spawns !, 
  thanks !, 
  just looking to have some fun for a few hours , if you can i 'm on right now . 
  the user name is kinda confusing ;, 
  i like black ops better than mw2 , and ghosts ( ghosts sucks ), 
  i made the user name because i like the character ghost from mw2, 
  i made it a long time ago before black ops came out , and it just kinda stuck with me ... 
  thanks bro , i 'm in a crew session right now , but suddenly everyone from my crew disappeared and now everyone i try making friends with is killing me ... 
  name : thomas ... feel free to call me tommy , or ghost if you want to ... 
  age : 17, 
  location : i live in norway , but born and raised in canada , so i know english fluently . 
  occupation : i go to school still ... 
  hobbies : i play video games , gta , battlefield , cod ... 
  console : ps3 . 
  psn : ghostmw2awsome ( please send a friend request , i 'm bored ), 
  photos : sorry , do n't have any on my pc . 
  skype : i know this is n't on the list , but i do n't have a mic for my ps3 so if anyone wants to you can add me at ghostmw2awsome . 
  wow , thanks dude !, 
  could you invite me to the crew though , it just says `` invite pending '', 
  haha , yeah ... about that ... 
  i kinda regret that , i did n't know that you could n't change your reddit name after you set one . 
  the story is that i had a friend over , and i saw [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tli022auwqq&amp;feature=kp ) video said : `` hey , i should make an account on reddit '' . 
  when it asked me what my accout name should be i said to my friend `` it should be something really random and weird like `` giantgraydildo69 '' , and we both laughed and that 's how i got my username ... ( sorry if it offends anyone ), 
  i 'm on ps3 right now , can someone invite me , i 'm not in the crew but you can see my psn ( ghostmw2awsome ) . 
  to be clear , i 've asked to join the crew , but since they 're not accepting at the moment i 'm not in yet ... 
  no one on ps ? 
  thanks , i 'll delete the post . 
  where ? 
  thanks, 
  it reminds me of miley cyrus , because it 's white as shit and has a square ass , but it is better than her at twerking ... 
  yeah , if you 're on psn add me : ghostmw2awsome, 
  psn : ghostmw2awsome , please add me !, 
  i do n't have a mic atm but i 'm gon na buy one soon . 
  psn/skype : ghostmw2awsome . 
  my highest round is 56 solo , please add me , i have no one to play with , and i 'm bored . 
  ghosts *, 
  anyone for ps3 ? 
  ca n't wait to join , hopefully i can join later !, 
  i feel like nr .7 would have made a good pre-launch hype pic . 
  who 's nr .2 ? 
  love those eyes !, 
  who want 's to play ps3 now ? 
  you guys can add me if you want ... 
  thanks !, 
  who want 's to get a ps3 crew session going ? 
  if anyone is interested , message me to join a crew session , we 're not doing anything atm , but we 'll find something interesting soon enough ... 
  add me for invite !, 
  yea , add me . 
  sorry bro , just missed me , there 's still a session going though !, 
  just add one of the other guys ( genggar , mlovell49 , ect ... ) and they 'll send you an invite , sorry that i could n't invite you personally !, 
  do you mind if i repost this in a few years titled `` wtf were people smoking in 1929 ? '',
