  jesus , you 're such a fucking idiot . 
  exactly . 
  same for me . 
  nobody here is speaking swedish lol . 
  3 roof hatches and 2 walk-through walls is pretty op when you pair her with thermite . 
  uzi secondary ? 
  hostage takes 3-4 headshots . 
  i clicked on this post fully expecting to come out a closeted fan from people shaming the band . 
  at least i do n't need to be grouped in with the rest of them . 
  yeah , tons of lyrics fall into this territory , i think it 's best to stick to actual teenagers trying to seem deep though . 
  why specifically ? 
  you 're allowed to dislike it , i 'm just curious as to why . 
  yeah , i notice that a lot with political comments of mine , usually they 'll be at +10 to +15 but as soon as americans start waking up it 'll drop to -20 easily . 
  lol , i hated justin bieber a few years ago but i wo n't be disgusted with myself if i hear his song on the radio and it is n't half bad . 
  you just need to relax . 
  i understand your reasoning for thinking 6 , but you really need to read through it properly . 
  thanks for giving a good answer , half the time i try starting a discussion like this i get the reply `` cause it sucks and you suck '' . 
  i know , that 's what i mean , stick to the deep social media posts and avoid song lyrics unless they 're actually really painfully bad . 
  yeah , i think it 's because it 's so easy to accidentally hit the hostage in crossfire so he takes the same amount of damage no matter where you hit him . 
  even hellen keller knows life stinks . 
  but he also has a policy about syrian immigrants and muslims in the country , no ? 
  ca n't that be what people are referring to ? 
  what ... ? 
  lmao, 
  / r/they, 
  yeah , and they 'd need to discuss the pros and cons . 
  they posted it to a few other subreddits so they probably want to both show off their loss and to farm karma . 
  it requires the self control and will to stay the same to change your eating habits . 
  guys , just because it 's the wrong subreddit for that post there 's no need to be an asshole . 
  yeah , it is , but being nasty to someone nobody here knows because she was fishing for karma is unnecessary . 
  uh , after reading through this thread i feel like `` ps4 pro '' is an inadequate answer ... 
  honestly , now that they 're gon na disappear , i think we should cool it a bit too . 
  the main reason this sub was started was so we could counter their annoying as fuck spam , but now if we keep spamming / r/all , well just get ourselves removed as well . 
  do you prefer working on tested or mythbusters ? 
  yup , to quote a trump supporter :, 
  `` i really think [ 9/11 ] was obama 's fault , he was nowhere to be seen . 
  i do n't know where he was but he certainly was n't in the oval office doing his job when the towers went down , probably out playing golf or something , '', 
  thanks for linking , could n't link it on mobile . 
  yeah , i think the article is from 2012 or so but i thought it was relevant . 
  um , he was gon na tell his muslim friends to not do it ... ? 
  \\  not using colors in your res tags . 
  travel time . 
  actually when everybody 's running like that and your crosshairs are on their torso when you shoot 20 meters could make a big difference . 
  something about seeing old men happy just makes me happy , it might just be that they give me hope that i 'll be happy when i 'm an old man , rather than the stereotypical grumpy old man . 
  very green river but otherwise it 's very good . 
  ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ bot ... 
  interesting , i 've only ever heard that they removed airplanes from the game . 
  yeah , it 's a bit of a meme now but originally meant triggering traumatizing memories or ptsd . 
  just a stupid troll trying to get attention . 
  yeah lol , there 's been an influx of stupid trolls like that since 4chan started trying to take over reddit . 
  actually the reason there 's so much cancer is because / r/the _ dickholes are allowed to exist . 
  everywhere ? 
  yeah but a lot of people avoid the word because it 's taken on a different meaning . 
  and if it goes against , it does n't either . 
  they recently added a filter so yeah . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant , thanks . 
  i did n't realize the post was on / r/all, 
  i honestly do n't know which one you 're talking about . 
  wtf ? 
  i guess crying women is a fetish . 
  well he held up the flag that one time , do n't you understand ? 
  yeah , there 's so many legitimate reasons to argue for trump being anti-gay , it 's just dumb to post fake tweets like that . 
  or he wanted to keep his job ... 
  instead of `` jesus christ , it 's jason bourne '' he said `` allahu akbar , it 's jason bourne '' . 
  without social media it would have been much , much smaller than today . 
  yeah lmao , '' * smokes cigarette * '' . 
   `` except the one i am carrying for the day '', 
  but how do you change the fov tho ? 
  fuck yea, 
  will he ? 
  it 's my understanding that it 's just obama 's account , and that trump will just keep his normal account when he becomes president . 
  there was a mall santa in the moa that was black , something that triggered the trumplets so much that they needed their safe space . 
  interestingly the black santa is also a veteran , but that does n't matter because he 's a scary negro . 
  i find them different enough to be able to play bf , cod and r6 when i 'm in different moods . 
  crazy how some people might have different preferences . 
  like , fuck those people that play with less than 99 sensitivity . 
  i feel like every time there 's a ridiculously dumb comment somewhere it always turns out that they 're a / r/t _ d poster . 
  really says something , huh ? 
  just came home from visiting family in ** very ** rural canada , ashamed to say i immediately recognized the song . 
  ashamed was n't really what i was going for , but disappointed in myself . 
  because i do n't like country . 
  which countries does this happen ? 
  only if you 're a little boy . 
  really ? 
  i guess i 'll try again today . 
  does that count towards your level after the game ? 
  what about renown ? 
  it seems like it might be op paired with flash hider on a map like chalet . 
  is it fun ? 
  does it run well ? 
  i 've been wanting to get it for a while now . 
   i was gon na clean my room until i played siege, 
   i was gon na get up and find the broom but then i played siege, 
   my room is still messed up and i know why, 
   'cause i played siege, 
   because i played siege, 
   because i played siege, 
   i was gon na go to class before i played siege, 
   i coulda cheated and i coulda passed but i played siege, 
   i am taking it next semester and i know why,
