  it 's a resonable thought when you die in such a huge crowd . 
  i get a lot of hate for it but this is why i do n't like will and do n't care much for steve anymore either , all they do is joke around when other people are trying to make content . 
  this is also why i 've stopped watching tabletalks with will . 
  but they 're under discovery , so i do n't think defranco inc is the mcn here . 
  eh , i 'm over his whole `` i do n't care about anything '' gimmick . 
  ohh , good point . 
  it 's funny 'cause he 's, 
  [ ohh . 
  please ... do n't ... 
  compare ... 
  i know but i 'm afraid that they 're gon na make it similar to battlefield ... 
  ohhh , yeah , but what i 'm saying is i do n't want them to make `` battlefield : star wars '' . 
  agreed . 
  * the * giant gray dildo 69 . 
  awesome !, 
  thanks , i did n't know . 
  good point . 
  where do you post this ? 
  she has pretty small tits ... 
  i think your link 's having a seizure . 
  i did n't know beck existed a week ago . 
  did you write `` consoles '' or `` potatos '' i 'm really not sure , i have an extention that changes them . 
  oh shit guys , aitr . 
  edit : all clear , 99 . 
  this makes me make some special sauce . 
  every thread ... 
  how does this happen ? 
  awesome , thanks . 
  i looked like a bug to me before . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  `` credit or debit ? '', 
  there is no season 1 episode 8 , i feel like you 're fucking with me though . 
  i hope you understood that reference . 
  when i was looking for the title of the episode i saw someone commented `` i 'm glad the character that died in this episode did '' . 
  it was n't a huge spoiler and i 'm happy they did n't write the name but still , [ ] ( / s `` when he got bit , i knew he would n't survive and i was annoyed that i could n't have hope for him surviving . '' ), 
  no , the one that crashed was a different type of helicopter . 
  do n't think so , it shows up just as it credits norman reedus so i assume it 's just to symbolize his character , since there are no people in the intro and when it credits steven yeun ( glenn ) it shows his pocket watch . 
  nope , pcmr word changer extention . 
  yeah , those were the only 2 i could think of at the moment , but there are a few others in earlier season too i think . 
  is it a troll ? 
  please be a troll . 
  yeah , i was watching in class today and saw lauren cohan ( maggie ) was that picture they burnt in the tunnel when they found each other . 
  why 'd you give me 1.10 dollars in bitcoin ? 
  haha , thanks anyway man . 
  people are real sore when it comes to pc , i mean , i know why , i 'm the same way , but we should n't downvote only because someone mentions it . 
  75 % is even more than the main story . 
  no , there is a `` max health '' skill though and when it 's full you take 2 heavy sniper rounds to the head before dying . 
  i think it 's fine the way it is now , this is n't a first person shooter and adding things like that would ruin gun play in the game imo . 
  you know when you 're arguing with someone and you realize they 're right , but they still have to explain why they 're right ? 
  that 's pc gamers to me . 
  good point , might be 2 heavy sniper rounds to the chest or lower , have n't played for a while , but i remember getting pissed because i shoot people with a heavy sniper and they just shrug it off and kill me . 
  not sights but things like higher damage/fire rate would quickly turn into `` you ca n't kill me because you 're a lower level/have less money than me '' and that 's the reason i 've always loved gta online , it 's always fare , if you 're a higher level they 'll kill you with better weapons but you still have the chance to kill them , but it 's just harder . 
  ( excuse any spelling errors , i 've been awake for abou 4 minutes ), 
  / r/circlejerk, 
  if it hits close to you you 're fucked . 
  i know i was just being a smartass . 
  what i meant is that you should have a equal chance to kill someone at the same level as you , not depending on if you had enough money to buy a rapid fire attachment . 
  i think it would throw the current balance of the game off because there would be a lot more factors weighing in on if you can kill someone or not . 
  i think it 's natural , for chickens at least they get disoriented or something if they move their head too much so when they walk they move their head forward quickly , then walk to catch up with it then move their head quickly forward again . 
  i use cmd + w. . . 
  oh , hello youtube comment section !, 
  is it weird that i remember all of these ? 
  haha , is it weird that i think you 're a bot ? 
  not sure what you mean but i think it 's just him stepping on the railings . 
  what 's this from again , do n't remember . 
  i remember in the news report after when they mention jane ( ? ), 
  i thought it was very unnecessary for them to mention that . 
  definatley worth it if you like sandbox/first person shooters , i was the same as you at first but right now i 'm on my 4th playthrough and it 's one of my favourite games . 
  is that a reference to the walking dead ? 
  i 've been watching breaking bad for the last few hours now . 
  thanks , what context ? 
  thanks , i have an extention that changes `` car '' to `` cat '' , so i spent a good minute trying to figure out what you meant . 
  i know , i was expecting the reply when i posted the comment . 
  i find it funny that we live in the `` western '' world but we 're east of nk . 
  huh , i always say `` r-slash philosophy '', 
  have you considered the fact that you might be retarded ? 
  nice , just to clear it up i was n't trying to offend you , i was just making a joke . 
  i assumed so . 
  obvs . 
  yeah , me too , but when i 'm lazy i just say the one `` slash '' . 
  he posted a bunch of different comments saying things like `` if you liked this you should check out / r/besiege '' , so i was starting to wonder why he kept promoting the sub . 
  yeah , when saying it out loud i always say that too . 
  if you had a few hours you could correct the pixels in each frame , one by one . 
  i think they do that on / r/reactiongifs too , but they just make realistic scenarios . 
  this one time there was a police chase going by when i spawned and she started shooting at it , then a near by dog came and mauled her , i laughed my ass off for about 5 minutes . 
  edit : changed the link to imgur . 
  i thought this was the joke . 
  what did it say ? 
  i came to the sub before i remembered there was a new episode and saw this pic , all through watching the episode i was saying to myself `` please do n't say it , it 's gon na be bad '' but it was good . 
  i wish this was desktop background size . 
  * lucky, 
  how about doom 3 though !, 
  `` it 's either my life or your life , and i ai n't leavin ' , i like breathing ! '', 
  should 've been `` shut the screw up '' , i think it would 've been more relevant . 
  aww man that sucks . 
  [ deleted ], 
  i 'm gon na go check youtube now and report back with results . 
  edit : [ here are the results !, 
  [ deleted ], 
  can confirm , am dead .
