  1v5 situations are strange because if you keep your cool , usually the enemy team will get greedy and make mistakes . 
  it 's the most satisfying feeling ever to pull one off . 
  i 'm fairly certain that his moral code will keep him from committing war crimes . 
  he actually won the popular vote if you just ignore all the votes for hillary . 
  actually trump is the one crying the most about it . 
  he still lost the popular vote . 
  nobody 's saying it 's illegitimate , they 're simply pointing out that despite him constantly acting like he won by a landslide , he in fact lost by quite a bit . 
  lmao, 
  as well as the enemies having glaz lol . 
  because of realism . 
  kill 2 players in a game of ranked and you get kicked , kill 2 players after having previously gotten teamkills earlier and you get a 30 min ban , get kicked more than once within a certain cooldown period and you get 24 hours . 
  but he 's also immune to several headshots so i think that makes up for it . 
  any time i play defence there 's at least 3 or 4 guys that kill themselves like that . 
  how about you do it then rather than telling us about how easy it is ? 
  oh , it does , it 's just that fuze is broken . 
  60hp , that 's 4 shots from the vector at medium range , as well as having to hit you afterwards , while being shot at . 
  do n't use him in cqb then . 
  yeah but that 'd be virtually impossible to avoid in order to use the gadgets with any sort of efficiency . 
  as someone who plays rainbow six siege , i can honestly say that i spend at least 1 minutes in matchmaking or loading screens for every minute i play . 
  i actually did the math because i 'm bored and it turns out that the max amount i can spend in actual game time per game is 30.8 minutes , matchmaking usually takes 5 minutes , then when i get into a game it 'll be around 45 mins until i 'm back into matchmaking , so i actually spend around 35 % of my time waiting . 
  man technology is crazy , some random person , possibly on another continent tells you about a random episode in a 20 + season tv series and within an hour you 're watching it . 
  but i like playing with friends :(, 
  fuck off with that weak ass argument . 
  it 's not about realism , it 's about learning discipline and not throwing nades at teammates . 
  but one of the biggest draws of the game is how realistic it is . 
  as someone who plays rainbow six siege , this seems perfectly reasonable . 
  how bullet proof are those riot shields really ? 
  is the documentary on netflix ? 
  it sounds interesting . 
  alright awesome , what exactly is it about ? 
  it 's incredibly depressing to realize that you 're not making fun of him , but rather that he actually believes that . 
  the thing is , he 's not representing himself as a trusted news source , unlike alex jones , who sells himself as `` only person in the world who 's honest about what 's happening '' like the inter-dimensional , child molesting vampires who run the world . 
  i speak fluent english but live in norway , pretty much everything not in norwegian is subtitled and nobody gets angrier than me about dumb subtitles . 
  as someone who 's currently trying to learn color grading and merging images in photoshop ;, 
  by the looks of it , neither has trump . 
  either a terrible troll or a complete and utter retard . 
  lmao , who have you heard this from and where does it happen ? 
  where specifically is `` genocide still practiced '' ? 
  yup ... 
  how about you give me a specific country rather than a continent ? 
  is it practiced in south africa ? 
  the ivory coast ? 
  egypt ? 
  mozambique ? 
  so what you 're saying is that anecdotally , a handful of poc in boston feel discriminated against ? 
  maybe it 's because a big number of americans are blindly patriotic and act like america is the best country in the world . 
  if someone says something about americans that is n't true for you why does it bother you ? 
  i 'm struggling to think of a significant group of people that would believe that the us are `` great guys '' . 
  unless you 're counting russia of course ... 
  really ? 
  i guess if you mean all of history but it probably helps that america is only 250 years old . 
  oh , apologies , i 'm on mobile so i could n't read the sidebar . 
  fair point , forgot about sk . 
  the rawandan genocide was a major world event , probably the biggest act mass murder since world war 2 , and definitionally , `` practiced '' means to `` carry out or perform ( a particular activity , method , or custom ) habitually or regularly . 
  '' , making the comment i was responding to blatant hyperbole or lies . 
  epi pls add this . 
  why 's this an issue ? 
  wish they changed the text color on the rank points you lose , it 's hard to see against the red background . 
  link to some of the genocides ? 
  i have n't heard of this seemingly massive world event . 
  fair point , i guess i just got caught up in the wording . 
  ah , i just thought you meant that i was pointed down initially when you activated it , i see why that 'd be annoying then . 
  have they ever actually said anything is `` working as intended '' ? 
  i see the quote all the time but i 've never heard it seriously . 
  i wonder how a world like that would work , probably badly assuming , say an airline is unable to discriminate between hiring pilots and just some random guy off the street . 
  link ? 
  if it 's completely ungrounded i will be , if someone says something about people from my country that 's true for a considerable percentage of them i wo n't care as long as it 's untrue for me . 
  it 's technically true if you look at the net amount women earn compared to men but if you look at what the skewed statistic is trying to portray it 's untrue . 
  norway . 
  every game has undocumented changes in their updates . 
  on the rook elite skin it says `` operation : rook mine '' on the pack with the armor . 
  ca n't change it on xb . 
  edit : fuckin sorry for getting a detail wrong . 
  dude , rook was so trash . 
  yeah but his old one still exists . 
  you can change an existing one ? 
  ah , thanks , did n't know . 
  you ca n't on playstation and i 've never heard of changing it on xbox so i assumed you could n't . 
  you 're way too triggered over a person getting something wrong on the internet . 
  i do n't really care but it seems unnecessary because it 's not even like it was that bad of a comment , i was just trying to help and got a fact wrong . 
  ah , my bad , i thought he meant $ 15 for buying a new gold account . 
  wish we got a 1 day booster to stack onto it . 
  that 's why people do this on casual since either you die or get it depending on where they spawn . 
  reminds me of trump talking about the celebrities attending his inauguration , `` obama 's gon na be there . 
  what 's your issue ? 
  why ? 
  because you ca n't tell who 's dead in the old one . 
  100 % depends on your playstyle , if you like covering fire and supporting teammates you could pick hibana or capitao , if you like being sneaky you can pick valkyrie or caveira . 
  it all depends on how you like to play . 
  yup , this is what causes those `` behind the back '' shots , if they 're leaning left , next to a wall and shooting the player model will freak out . 
  i will forever be confused as to why most of reddit seems to hate pewdiepie yet they love h3 . 
  what 's saddening is that trump has said far dumber things than that in the past . 
  what a great show . 
  every thread someone has to mention this , it 's fine , we all have . 
  only cnn lies , if a republican lies it 's either alternative facts or a joke , it 's like you 've learned nothing . 
  [ video link with the reaction of my whole team . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-wzx5itnww ), 
  i might have this wrong but i 've heard that these extremely high bids can sometimes be money laundering . 
  i just mean the fact that he gets a double headshot on the last 2 people standing 5 meters away through a barricade , hipfiring , to win the game . 
  oh i assure you , this is exactly what happened .
