  holy shit , is that actually a thing ? 
  damn , thanks . 
  of course the top comment would be a pun . 
  guys stop , om trying to eat lunch and people are looking !, 
  thanks :p, 
  i hope this is what 3d printing will eventually look like . 
  for once someone in this sub is mentioning how the ps4 can actually do 1080p . 
  i hope you just answered that guy `` no . '', 
  actually , some next-gen games do run 60 fps , [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nqo8cuh.png ) a chart for reference . 
  do n't have a pc yet and am aware that it 's better but as far as consoles go , ps is the shit . 
  holy shit he would . 
  still a cool name but i see your point . 
  too tired from sasquatching . 
  ^ ( if anyone gets that reference i 'd be impressed ), 
  i 'm considering buying one , i have like 4000 norwegian nok , not sure how many usd that is , i think it 's like $ 800ish . 
  have any idea what i should get ? 
  no they have jet fuel . 
  i do kinda the same thing with video games , i pretend that i 'm showing it off to someone from like the 80s, 
  they 're from the 80 's , they 're not retarded . 
  yeah , i have it on ps3 so i do n't have multiplayer but it 's still a lot of fun just messing around solo . 
  `` i often find that if you ca n't solve a problem with violence you 're not using enough violence . '', 
  who the fuck types `` https://www . 
  i feel like if you do that you deserve to get your arm bitten off . 
  i love how the dog walks around the cat and checks out its ass at the end . 
  i remedier syndicate calling him that but i 'm not sure if he was the first one . 
  i 'm supposed to be getting like 5 but i get 3-4 down and i live in norway . 
  5 mb/s, 
  that gun was a bit bigger than an assault rifle . 
  commenting here now in case someone decides to gild this entire thread . 
  if this is all a joke or prank or otherwise staged , we need to get our pitchforks and fedoras and downvote these posts to hell . 
  i read your comment before i looked at the picture and thought `` it ca n't be * that * great '' . 
  it was * that * great . 
  if you edit within 2 minutes it does n't show up . 
  he could n't repost it so he did n't care about it . 
  so should op . 
  damn , you 're really active in this thread . 
  eyyyy , thanks :p, 
  ( i was secretly hoping someone would gild me for that . ), 
  do n't wan na upvote when it 's at 1776 points . 
  i am your true leader . 
  i feel like it does n't go well with the style of the game . 
  i feel like it would n't work with the whole `` crime '' theme to go surfing . 
  but ur mum is, 
  i have 738 hours logged in the last year . 
  longer battery lives . 
  really ? 
  haha that sounds kinda ridiculous . 
  i might when i 'll get home . 
  to be clear , i 'm not against this being in the game , it 'd be cool if it was a mod or paid dlc or something but i probably would n't use it if it was . 
  what else would i do ? 
  we 're not sweden . 
  - norway, 
  yea : /, 
  slight side note . 
  i usually do n't notice too much of a difference in the feel of a game playing it on either console or pc , but i fucking hate mc on console so much . 
  is this possible for mac ? 
  thanks man , i was afraid i would only get `` mac heathen '' replys . 
  is it weird that i 'm canadian and i read that in an english accent ? 
  wow , in canada there 's usually a look exchange that goes on for a few seconds before one of us goes into the stall . 
  i have a friend like this and he 's a cool guy and all but he constantly does this and it pisses me off so much . 
  `` oh you 're thinking of getting and iphone 5s ? 
  i 'm getting the 6 + '', 
  `` oh you just bought a ps4 ? 
  you should get a pc , they 're way better '', 
  `` so , you just got the new video game ? 
  i got the pre-order , hardened , veteran , gold edition that comes with the season pass . '', 
  it does n't help that he has more money than me so he can buy whatever new thing i buy . 
  are you english though ? 
  i was right !, 
  but it 's a cat ... ? 
  there was some guy a while back who accidentally threw away like $ 700,000 worth of bitcoin on a hard drive . 
  i have n't started my channel properly yet but my friends channel can be found [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/ncc17films/videos ), 
  why ? 
  i have a friend who does this too . 
  an example is when he met a girl a while ago who said she did n't like guns he immediatley agreed even though we constantly play violent video games like gta and cod and he owns a ton of airsoft guns . 
  yesterday someone posted a question that was something like `` what screams low self-confidence with guys '' . 
  hate when this happens . 
  15 when i first saw it ;(, 
  i do n't have a pc yet but does this run on mac ? 
  is it even available ? 
  eh , i play mostly on ps and i do n't really care about these things unless it 's gamebreaking . 
  meme too dank . 
  we 're we really expecting things to change ? 
  i guess it depends on how well you can suck the dick . 
  would the water be drinkable after this or am i just being stupid ? 
  i meant if you got all the sand out , i mean theoretically it did n't even toutch the water . 
  even though a lot of people were n't satisfied with this game i 'd love a wd2 . 
  what mistakes exactly ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's a flawless game , just wondering what in your opinion should be fixed ? 
  yeah , i can see that . 
  yeah , good point . 
  `` the difference between science and just messing around is / u/thegiantgraydildo69 . '', 
  - adam savage, 
  yeah , as someone who does n't play on pc this does n't bother me but it 'd still be nice if they actually made a good pc port . 
  as long as someone from the pc community is n't activly trying to offend/annoy me , i just hope they have as good of a time with a game as me . 
  i just bought it like a month ago because it was on sale on ps store but i do n't think it 's worth the full price of like almost $ 80 here in norway . 
  that 's what i imagine every time someone says `` manslaughter '', 
  ca n't you ? 
  what are all those `` memory '' things ?
