  yeah , i just finished a round 32 game and the sheiva carried me through roudn 25-31 . 
  i know there 's double weapon xp right now , might be mp only though . 
  yes it does . 
  i literally just made a list , updated it as much as i felt like/when i got a new camo that showed me my killcount . 
  then every time i got a weapon on the list i used it for as long as possible . 
  ( the giant for difficulty purposes ), 
  also wall weapons first is a good strategy . 
  i 'd say there is no `` efficient '' way to do it , just time consuming grinding . 
  yeah , it 's just so annoying to use all the time to try getting 1000 kills with it , not actually that bad , just annoying . 
  pretty sure blast furnace counts towards at least weapon progression , i used it and unlocked a laser sight for my pharo . 
  not sure if it helps towards camos though . 
  you can also dolphin dive . 
  yeah , the only legit terrifying boss i 'd say . 
  no it does n't . 
  it 's a reference to the show `` lost '' , the numbers play a pretty significant part of the earlier seasons . 
  yeah me too , i noticed the `` 23 42 '' and wondered what the other numbers were . 
  oh yeah , did n't get into the later seasons on my last rewatch . 
  remove the caption , download the picture , re-add caption . 
  before the accident . 
  happy cakeday :p, 
  not sure if you 're referencing or asking . 
  oh damn , thanks . 
  no one has asked me , which youtubers to be exact ? 
  wan na post a tut of sorts ? 
  i 've tried a few of them but i keep failing , would n't mind trying this out . 
  i know how i 'd do it , just suck at making the phd thing . 
  oh man , that makes way too much sense . 
  might need to try that in the morning . 
  haha , it 's cool . 
  oh yeah , i asked him to credit my youtube instead but he did n't reply . 
  yeah , it annoys me how they can do this without repercussions . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvnhln1uapc ) , the gfy is taken from 24:10 in the video . 
  ah really ? 
  there 's a 31 camo limit ? 
  that 's stupid . 
  ugh , please do n't treyarch . 
  lmao , says the person who can barely run it on horrible graphics and 1280x1024, 
  the same thing happens for me on ps4 . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkes0h7_6tg&amp;feature=youtu.be ) , [ original tabletalk . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hedbq2tr414 ), 
  lmao , there 's like 2 steps before that . 
  idk how long the easter egg is but 75 % is apparantly extremely easy . 
  holy shit dude , just get to the video ... 
  yeah sorry , that 's why i linked the video . 
  haha , i was gon na add that too but there 's a 15 second limit to gfys :(, 
  favorite gif of all time . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about but i know there 's a podcast where in the thumbnail he 's making a look like you 're describing . 
  he died from the fall . 
  how the fuck do you trip on bullet casings ? 
  no problem , i prefer the video version but i know reddit hates videos . 
  how exactly does on hip-fire an rpg ? 
  well fuck . 
  ps4 , there 's no skype app though :( i remember my friend linking me a site a few months ago where it explained it nicely , ca n't find it now though . 
  i have a pretty severe case after watching the walking dead last night so i 'd say yes . 
  is that for mac ? 
  oh , then i do n't know sorry . 
  like my ex ? 
  he should eat more , i can see his ribs . 
  oh , you 're here too , love the codz sub . 
  what do you mean `` you people '' ? 
  aw man , i really want just cause 3 . 
  yeah , i was kinda sp00k 'd when maggie dropped that latter but i 've been spoiled by comic readers that she probably would n't die this episode . 
  i 'd think that would be very cool . 
  i 'd say it 's probably a ( really good ) photoshop . 
  the moon looks like it 's from the giant , like you said the house looks like it 's from infected , which could be done with a tool that makes it look more cartooney . 
  ( like black ops 2 ), 
  oh yeah that 's a good call , i wonder what that would be like being on this sub and hearing about that . 
  it pisses me off so much that glenn did n't die , it 's just such a huge indicator that they 're afraid to kill off main characters . 
  does it increase loading times ? 
  i really really want to get this game , ca n't afford it right now though :(, 
  can we just stick to `` new gen '' for ps4 and `` old gen '' for ps3 ? 
  possibly `` next gen '' for ps5 although it 's not really relevant yet . 
  well there is * going * to be a sp dlc , it 's already been confirmed . 
  edit : lol , sorry for mentioning facts . 
  thanks . 
  oh interesting , it 's not really a money problem , more just if i do n't have to spend money on it i do n't feel like it . 
  thanks , will get on in that case . 
  new gen is for the `` new '' generation that came out 2 years ago , next gen is the one that comes after this one . 
  if i get one i definitely will , thanks for all the help !, 
  i guess , it 's weird to think of how old the ps4 really is when it seems like it just came out . 
  electromagnetic discharge , some weird stuff has been going on since . 
  an ankle monitor is a homing device that individuals under house arrest or parole are often required to wear . 
  at timed intervals , the ankle monitor sends a radio frequency signal containing location and other information to a receiver . 
  if an offender moves outside of an allowed range , the police will be notified . 
  only xbone has those next gen sparks . 
  the one i 'm looking at is like $ 6 or something , 88 % off on amazon i think , it 's like $ 33 normally . 
  all i 'm saying is there are people who they will only kill off under extreme circumstances ( glenn , daryl , carol , carl , rick ) although i 'm hopeful that you know who will kill daryl . 
  yeah , that makes sense i guess . 
  haha , yeah it 's a bit meh , i 've been spoiled a bunch because of that place . 
  aids . 
  how would you even fake this ? 
  it 'd be an editing nightmare . 
  but * how * is the question . 
  might be treyarch realizing that they made something too hard for us to find on our own . 
  the margwa ground pound sounds probably because of the head that gives you `` immunity '' it only makes sense . 
  what ... ? 
  if you convert the letters to numbers ? 
  pretty sure cdeamkb are n't numbers . 
  haha , it 's cool . 
  the code is `` casimir '' .
