  me too lol , i 've bought 4 $ 1.25 m shark cards and i do n't regret it one bit . 
  yeah , like does anyone actually use them at all other than as a novelty ? 
  yeah , i 'm not sure , i guess it might be , or as someone else said that certain types of lights actually flicker extremely fast instead of shining constantly . 
  is this the reddit way to say `` first '' ? 
  lmao is that a jacksfilms reference ? 
  it was a post a while back on that sub about how dogs do n't see moving video under 70fps, 
  ah , that explains it . 
  yeah , both me and / u/ncc17 have said for a long time that they should 've had wunderfizz like they had mule kick in black ops 1 ( where they added it to every map ), 
  not too surprising but kinda disappointing . 
  what if they had another `` side '' dlc with the remastered zombie maps instead ? 
  oh really ? 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  you get it if you have the hardened edition . 
  me too , yeah . 
  even if it 's not in the box i really hope that there 'll be some way to unlock the ppsh and have that a bit . 
  nonetheless , i 'm super excited for this map and shadows of evil . 
  nova 6 ca n't come sooner !, 
  yeah ? 
  i thought it just looked wierd , and at first i thought it looked like blood sprouting from his stomach . 
  oh , thanks . 
  to me it looked like one of them was outside the type 100 room , in the corner . 
  i might be wrong though . 
  you use the same button to do both , i 'm not saying it 's not possible that it 's both , but all we 've seen is the knee slide so far so i 'm not too sure . 
  yeah lmao , my friend had got the hardened and he keeps bragging to me about all the `` awesome stuff '' he 's getting and i 'm like `` yeah , i 'm pretty happy about having the season pass '' that he 'll need to spend another $ 50 or so on . 
  yeah , i was going through the trailer at like 2 am last night and was n't completely there for the last bit . 
  what ? 
  that they should give me credit , or that someone gave me credit ? 
  yeah i was thinking that as well , i even subbed to a bunch of zombies youtubers to see if they used my pictures and if they credited me . 
  yeah that 's wierd , like how offensive is it really if it 's depicted in a manner that depicts you endlessly slaughtering the zombies ? 
  that 's fucked up but the girl is still pretty hot . 
  i would n't mind doing some editing for you , i have a lot of fun editing my own videos . 
  i love how this has ~ ~ 8 ~ ~ ~ ~ 147 ~ ~ 167 upvotes . 
  like ~ ~ 8 ~ ~ ~ ~ 147 ~ ~ 167 people came to this comment section going `` i 'm gon na make a difference '' and then when they saw your comment they were like `` nope that 's pretty much all i could ever say and more '', 
  yeah , today was a pretty good day, 
  foiled, 
  that 's exactly what the undertaker told ... 
  wait ... 
  they do n't just want you to actually help them ? 
  i like to think you 've been attempting this every day since the update came out . 
  haha , i did 3 attempts before we got it and one of the guys we were doing it with was having nightmares about it already . 
  oh wow , that 's impressive , although when i did it we only really died once , the first time we died because of extreme lag and a cop that would n't die and another my progress just did n't save . 
  not too sure about that , although it seems logical ( all the games have been roughly 5 years apart ) they have spent a lot more time on online and the game in general than ever before this time . 
  why are there so many doctor who and walking dead `` crossovers '' ... ? 
   you cast an english actors and theirs, 
  uhhh ... 
  yeah it was probably a pretty bad example , it 's just the most recent one i had on my ps4 . 
  i 've also had a similar one of people killing me when i did n't give them repairs ( i did n't even have a repair tool are you kidding ), 
  slightly unrelated but is there a sub where i could find someone who would do this for my character ? 
  yeah that 'd be sweet , thanks . 
  slight tangent , what 's the difference between imax and normal theater ? 
  i always thought imax was the company that owned the theater ? 
   i am no lawyer, 
  i think there 's an acronym for that . 
  yeah , this is pretty much jeremyjahns ' video , he said that if he actually did survive it 'd just show that amc do n't have the balls to kill off one of the most popular characters . 
  re-watching lost right now and it mostly just annoys me how much bullshit they introduce and never explain . 
  i kinda wish that all these people who got the game early did n't suck . 
  autism works in mysterious ways ... 
  ah man , that was great . 
  i 'm currently on my first re-watch and i 've noticed a few good ones so far myself . 
  fuck y' all , all of y' all . 
  i swear everything is 1,000,000 x funnier in class . 
  i 'll make this when i get home , i 'll be back with it in about 6 hours . 
  ( if i forget , remind me ), 
  yeah , i was n't sure if i was just imagining things in the last episode but she definetley sounded like she had a worse accent than she used to . 
  something similar also happened in lost when some character ( do n't remember which ) said that jin was chinese and someone else said `` he 's korean '', 
  i ca n't imagine the agony of having to watch it week to week , imo this season is hard enough to watch week to week . 
  the fucking giant baby :p, 
  hope the download is n't too big . 
  400kbps wo n't help me a lot when the game comes out ... 
  will do , not sure if i 'll edit my original comment or post a new one . 
  oh , so that 's why the cars were in the files when the previous update came out . 
  yeah , i was kinda scared because most updates take me several hours and not sure if i wanted that today because i had planned with a bunch of friends that we were gon na play . 
  that 's awesome . 
  i 've noticed that there 's been a struggle to perfect the joker as an outfit . 
  yeah , as well as the fact that kirkman said he did n't wan na do it on the show . 
  here , just a rough draft , gon na add some sound effects soon as well . 
  edit : here 's the fully updated version , i 'll take suggestions and add them to the video if anyone thinks i missed anything that would make it better . 
  yes , i hear picasso was very into vicodin . 
  not really and not much , i think it was 10mg , do n't have any way of getting more without trouble . 
  oh thanks , not sure how i 'd get ahold of more or if i 'd even want more . 
  which main thread ? 
  yeah , i 'm also a pretty big guy so i 'm assuming i 'd have a pretty high tolerance . 
  yeah i posted it there already :p, 
  not exactly sure what that means . 
  haha , you got got . 
  haha yeah , my friend and i laughed our asses off when we thought of how perfect that would be . 
  step 1 is always the hardest . 
  and fedora . 
  yeah , i think it was on the raft . 
  i 'm in season 3 of my re-watch right now so it was just something interesting that stood out to me . 
  so excited , never done snow on new gen before . 
  i also hope that with the halloween thing lasting so long the snow will as well , i think we all know what happened last year with the snow . 
  it 's not you , it 's something with the game . 
  also all the other people do n't get disconnected , for them it just says you left . 
  it must be weird for people on this sub who do n't have gta and are constantly seeing new updates come out for the game . 
  yeah , i 've been using it for a few years now and it 's the best , but as someone reported here as well , my mom hates taking it because she says she gets nightmares . 
  so , living in norway sucks ... 
  oh my god , pcmr would rage so hard . 
  i really hope it is , i bought the season pass for ios and never got to download them because it said i needed to re-buy it . 
  playing it on ps4 though would be perfect now in the week leading up to black ops 3 for me .
