  12 looks like an r to me . 
  the dots are weird though . 
  oh thanks , i guess i 'll go the rest of my life disappointed now . 
  yes and it 's glorious . 
  and daryl not being able to get his damn crossbow . 
  they did drop 2 , one flipped and was demolished , and the other was dropped from a fixed point so it landed on the wheels . 
  that 's why they stitched them together and it looked that bad . 
  oh wow , 20 person ninja turtles cast of zombie slayers ... that 'd be interesting . 
  damn , foiled again . 
  i could look for a bts video on the episode , no garuantees i 'd find it though . 
  edit : [ here it is . 
  ] ( http://www.amc.com/shows/the-walking-dead/video-extras/season-05/episode-06/spoilers-making-of-episode-506-the-walking-dead-consumed ), 
  really ? 
  no , i mean that fucking stupid scene where he could n't get it out of his bag . 
  oh yeah , that explains it . 
  was pretty sure for a good few minutes that the language on my game changed , i live in norway so it was very confusing . 
  til peter capaldi reminds me of my dad . 
  pls no treyarch, 
  [ sadly , not what i 'm looking for :( ] ( http://i.imgur.com/stooayg.png ), 
  thanks , we 're doing some stuff this weekend . 
  hopefully we 'll get out one more video as a teaser/trailer then we 're doing proper videos on the 1st . 
  lol , i hate people saying that in videos , ca n't speak for my friends though . 
  i think the scene with the margwa was my favourite and shooting the video i immediately thought that 'd look sick , then my friend synced the music up and it was awesome . 
  like if when you choose a map you get to chose `` normal '' or `` challenge mode '' and whatever the challenge is that week it says in a description , then when you play the map it has the restritions implemented . 
  imagine like 100 liquid diviniums for whoever gets the highest round on challenge mode at the end of the week ? 
  i 'm gon na make a video on training tips for noobs , might help you if you wan na see that . 
  ( i know you 're not a noob , just tips on small things that 'll improve your training skills ), 
  try un-interrupted dog kills , like not killing any zombies . 
  seems like the kind of thing that 3arch would do . 
  it 's the same for ps4 , but i reckon they should just count it as a down/end game when you restart and add it to stats . 
  fucking stupid , yet helpful tip . 
  thanks . 
  most ps4 games are 1080p 50-60fps . 
  edit : sorry for admitting facts lol , console games are all 24fps 720p messes anyways . 
  this and simpsons hit & run !, 
  pls sony, 
  i 'm pretty sure if i was running and was hit by a zombie i would speed the fuck up , not stop . 
  [ i think at some point all these tags might be getting redundant . 
  lmaaoooooo , retard . 
  that makes sense but on the flip side , if i was walking and got hit by a zombie i would definitely not stand still . 
  i literally do n't know a single game that runs less than 1080p on ps4 that was n't held back on xb1 , 5 games that run 1080p/60fps are any/all cod games on ps4 , battlefield 4/hardline , the last of us , blacklight : retribution , fifa 14/15/16 , mgsv : tpp . 
  900p because they 're held back by xb1 . 
  yeah , the open world ones are usually 30fps on ps4 . 
  `` what were they * thinking ?!, 
  not sure we 're referencing the same thing . 
  haha , you can tell you 're not from around these parts . 
  it 's refreshing to see someone so new-to , and excited about zombies . 
  oh really ? 
  thanks so much . 
  especially if you 're off host ( 2-3 bar ), 
  haha , i have n't seen that video in so long , that 's amazing . 
  ah , i ca n't think of the quote right now but it 's something like `` it fucking sucks , it sucking fucks , ( ect ... ) '' and it ends with `` and i do n't like it '' . 
  i bet someone would know what i 'm talking about . 
  oh , i do n't think my shield would last long enough for me to try that though :p i 'm decent at training , i just get hit a lot . 
  there it is !, 
  thanks :p, 
  i thought this movie was pg, 
  why are there tits think of the kids !, 
  yeah lol , it has n't been a month guys !, 
  the iron dragon ? 
  my german is iffy . 
  i 'm thinking array . 
  what ... ? 
  ah yes !, 
  i love everything about that weapon , having it in black ops 3 with the ability to quickscope would be amazing . 
  i know , i meant it has n't been a month since the game came out . 
  sorry about the audio , video was a bit rushed and i forgot to check my levels . 
   use string , cheese cutter thing as noose . 
   glue hands to sides of head . 
   jump down and watch people 's confusion as it looks like you ripped your own head off . 
  you guys are thinking of it all wrong , they do n't bring back wonderweapons except for the ray guns , the waffe and the thundergun . 
  there 's like a 99 % chance that we 're gon na see a new wonderweapon as there has been for every black ops dlc before this . 
  probably not a multiplayer specialist as the weapon either as it 's been done and treyarch wan na surprise us and not be too predictable . 
  i hope they do n't do it for the finale just because i 'm so excited to see it :p, 
  they said that the first episode back will be very intense so i 'm hoping it 's that . 
  ( although i have n't read the comics and there very well might be some stuff that goes down inbetween ), 
  my point exactly . 
  good call , maybe to some extent . 
  extremely unlikely . 
  i was n't counting remakes . 
  it amuses me to think of your friends noping out of that situation by drifting away , like is n't it easier to just drive ? 
  not really the same thing . 
  or just do n't get hit by the dogs . 
  e : lol , sorry for not sucking in zombies . 
  it would help if every other screenshot did n't look like shit . 
  lol if that 's ps4 then i need to get myself some glasses . 
  it looks like a pixly mess . 
  or do wager matches !, 
  i 'd love to do a challenge with a friend and the winner gets a perkaholic . 
  yeah it 's essential for training ( for a scrub like me ) and it 's so annoying seeing deadshot 30 mins into a game . 
  i 'm sorry but it kinda sucks and there 's no way to * officially * get it . 
  tumblr flashbacks . 
  awesome , thanks . 
  wow ... 
  never would have thought of that . 
  crack a nut or something . 
  ( innuendo ), 
  am i the only one that does n't experience that ? 
  wait why ? 
  is it just that you ca n't spawn the margwas when it 's closed ?
