   'cause i played siege, 
   because i played siege, 
   because i played siege, 
   i was gon na go to work but then i played siege, 
   i just got a new promotion but i played siege, 
   now i 'm selling dope and i know why, 
   'cause i played siege, 
   because i played siege, 
   because i played siege, 
   i was gon na go to court before i played siege, 
   i was gon na pay my child support but then i played siege, 
   they took my whole paycheck and i know why, 
   'cause i played siege, 
   because i played siege, 
   because i played siege, 
  lol , none of the other repliers got that this is what he was asking about . 
  there 's a smg version of the vss iirc . 
  pretty useless if he did imo , right now if he 1 shotted anywhere he hit , he would still not be picked that much . 
  did n't realize there was someone behind him and was watching out ... ? 
  yeah , that 's what i meant , thanks . 
  or a white vignette around the screen . 
  does anyone know if it 'd work or be possible on mac ? 
  i ca n't tell if you 're joking but leaving your locks unlocked is a seriously bad idea no matter where you live . 
  lol , nice . 
  10k is about half a level , no ? 
  i agree that the bouncer looked like a cunt , but there 's no narrative op 's trying to push here . 
  it 's a direct quote . 
  well , he 's dead , so you 're not wrong . 
  any random subsection is statistically representative of the whole group , therefore , every vote trump got was illegitimate . 
  yeah , same here , really only unlock when nobody 's home . 
  i would imagine they 've walked more than 25 steps . 
  why not ? 
  why ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  for what exactly ? 
  why would i buy a windows pc when i already have a mac ? 
  sorry that your feelings got hurt but it was 15 years ago and it 's not making fun of any of the people in the towers . 
  yeah , i do have a windows pc but it frustrates me to use for anything that 's not gaming . 
  i think i probably could get it on my mac as well but i just find the os a bit clunkier . 
  shocker of the day , trump voters are massive hypocrites and extremely selective on what they care about . 
  i used to come here every day but now i only see the posts that get to my front page . 
  i started playing r6 because i do n't like iw and now that 's my go-to subreddit . 
  woodysgamertag , one of the guys on the panel , talked on his podcast a while back about how bad he felt for this kid , because he did n't want any of the memeness he got . 
  yeah , that was it , my bad . 
  was adsing at the van . 
  having the holo sight was n't helping either . 
  he has a very strange way of misinterpreting things and just generally being memealicious . 
  for me , it 's more like :, 
   * sobs *, 
  you 're so fucking funny . 
  also , `` whose '' ? 
  what the fuck are you doing with the english language , you inbred hillbilly . 
  if it 's anything else i 'm disgusted by your eating it with meatballs . 
  probably not , but that 's a bad comparison , a slave from the 1700s probably would n't thing black jokes were funny , and there 's plenty of people now who think 9/11 jokes are funny . 
  i ca n't tell if this is what 's happening here , but a few times i 've had something like this happen , where i throw a c4 through a window , or past a counter or fridge i 'm next to and after it lands i 'll see it lag back and stick to the thing right next to me , as i 'm detonating it . 
  anyone have all the beta icons ? 
  i 'd be curious to see them . 
  fixing th please ubi ... 
  very true , although i have seen some amazing comebacks from both 2-0 and 3-0 . 
  just realized that there are 5 c4 operators and 3/4 impact ` nade ops ... pls ubi . 
  e : anyone wan na let me know why i 'm being downvoted ? 
  lmao , i love how there 's only 2 w 's . 
  yeah , that 's one thing i noticed after browsing / r/watchpeopledie for a while , in gta 4 people very realistically collapse after being shot ... a bit unsettling honestly . 
  yeah , everybody complained so much about gta 4 's driving but i liked it a lot . 
  cars actually feel like they have weight , and will flip if you take a sharp turn . 
  / r/kenm, 
  honestly , i ca n't think of a single argument for it other than `` everyone does it '' , or `` if not it looks weird '' . 
  that 's why he wrote `` unfortunately '' ... 
  same as the grenade button . 
  it 's rarely done for the same reason it 's rarely done in real life . 
  i swear the same thing 's happened to me vs a shield op on th . 
  tagging him does n't work . 
  would that actually be a fix ? 
  i do n't get why ... ? 
  lmao , i know that feeling of reading a comment you posted right after you woke up and just being confused . 
  oh , my bad then . 
  ah , i thought he meant that if people had better connections it would n't be an issue . 
  thanks . 
  it 's a bug , restart the game or play another match . 
  same has happened with me on broken walls recently . 
  sure sounds like it ... 
  i just realized how excited i am for this game . 
  good thing i can play games that satisfy different needs . 
  siege is for tense realism , battlefield is for fun realism and cod is for random fun . 
  ghost recon looks like a fun open world game . 
  i remember what you 're talking about but i ca n't find the link sorry . 
  bought a bag when i was on vacation to see what all the hype was about , those fuckers will ruin your tongue . 
  because i did n't consider making destruction serverside ... 
  normal i 'm pretty sure , but when you visit the them it seems like they 're made to turn into a spike strip . 
  man these awesome concepts are making me sad that there 're not for real . 
  my biggest problem is that i ca n't redeem my challenges on ps4 ;(, 
  bill had sex with a woman , don sexually assaulted girls . 
  it 's not the fact that it 's a gifv , it 's that imgur is awfully optimized for mobile . 
  yeah , her body kinda looks like a teenaged guy , and her face structure is a bit more masculine than the trailer and previous game . 
  relevant username ? 
  canadian here ; slow it down a bit with that `` anyone '' ... 
  good point . 
  i have the same thing with the spinning , as well as a thing where if i touch my face with for example my pinky and ring finger on my left hand , i have to do the same with my right hand , and i 'll eventually do all my fingers because if not it 's uneven . 
  yeah , you 'll usually need at the very least 2,500,000 views a month just to make any sort of living off youtube . 
  yeah , youtube 's algorithm massively favors content that 's easily exploited .
