  and tonight , 
  consistency is n't a big thing in these trailers really , it 's supposed to be for effect , not continuity . 
  is that an mx garand ... 
  without a red dot sight ?!, 
  yes pls weapon kits 3arc !, 
  well he 's unconscious/dead, 
  tsp said he has an alternate version of the opening cutscene coming out today or yesterday . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , the one in game had a red dot so if there 's one in the pic without , maybe it means we can customize it after revelations comes out . 
  well , i mean technically it is . 
  good suggestion , very possible . 
  more so in this gif than usually , i had just played no man 's sly for a few hours and since that game has an awfully low `` max sensitivity '' , my first games back to r6 was quite clumsy . 
  definitely agree , in the same way you could customize in vegas 2 how many enemies and separately how difficult they were , you should be able in this to disable bombers for 5-10 extra enemies per bomber . 
  really ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll try it out !, 
  what 4 ? 
  the as , the bow , the staff , and what ? 
  lmao , if anyone remembers this from `` acceptable losses '' in mw2 , you da real mvp . 
  exactly , i picked it up last summer and it was amazing , having a blast still just playing with my friend every couple of days or so . 
  yup , my friend was telling me yesterday how amazing the beta was and how he 's gon na pre-order and i just said, 
  `` dude , there 's * one * map playable right now , you ca n't use all the weapons , what if there 's some micro transaction weapon that can just lock onto everyone and kills you them . 
  and on top of that , do n't you remember bf4s launch ? '', 
  dice *, 
  interesting question , did n't even notice that the first time . 
  all i can think of is dan 's second round lmao . 
  no , i was just being a bit hyperbolic , obviously it 's not a problem and i 'm loving the beta so far . 
  of course people can pre-order if they want to , i was just saying that paying $ 100 when you 've only played one map and 2 modes , with very limited experience with most of the weapons , and battlefield games have very known histories of rocky launches , might not be a great idea . 
  i do n't care if you have or if you 're going to pre-order , this is just my thoughts on the situation . 
  yeah , withholding my money to buy bf1 after release instead . 
  yeah , how do you get that ? 
  i 'd like to try it out . 
  you caught me lmao , love hillary clinton , or gary johnson , not quite sure which but i sure love , and am invested in american politics, 
  there you go , xboxes are for hobos . 
  right , good call . 
  for 15 years . 
  one great thing i love about this game , same with the mg on the back , it turns and wobbles if nobody 's holding it . 
  dude , you messed up , youtube thought me that you need to say ;, 
  `` fsit, 
  - frist *, 
  -- first * '', 
  before online came out , there was a post to the newswire that said that the story was set before sp . 
  well we know that * now * . 
  origins recap trailer . 
  why would you not just take a screenshot on whatever system you 're on ? 
  lmao , rip . 
  hopefully we 'll get a new one then haha . 
  this comment read very britishly lmao . 
  lol , since when is unsubbing from / r/codzombies `` disconnecting from the internet '', 
  12 hours now yeah . 
  e : who 's downvoting this ? 
  no update then ? 
  if true thank god because i have 1mbps and downloading a 1-2gb file as the map comes out would suck . 
  wat if i did mean it ? 
  wat then ? 
  woah woah woah , the flowchart is obviously :, 
  fresh pizza  cold pizza  re-heated pizza  frozen pizza  old pizza, 
  why i basically stopped buying chips lmao , only way i can eat them is if i 'm watching netflix or youtube . 
  kinda crazy actually , my friend also has a white ps4 and controller , just got a new pc , uses astros and a yeti for youtube and has a dual monitor setup in his room . 
  i was certain this was him for several minutes lmao . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  \\  using the word `` cuck '', 
  lol, 
  woah woah , you ca n't call me that , that 's * our * word . 
  those were what i was wondering about , anywhere to download those ? 
  definitely agree , it 's so strange that there 's this system that goes :, 
  bo1 , 4 new perks . 
  bo2 , 4 new perks, 
  bo3 , 1 new perk ? 
  and it was added in the first map , it 's not even a dlc perk ... ? 
  yes !, 
  so excited to jump in and know literally nothing other than the trailers . 
  that 's what i 've been hoping . 
  the main argument is `` remastered maps would take more space '' but if they 're in revelations then it would just be a tiny amount of extra space to just add a select screen to be able to play them individually . 
  i 'd be very disappointed if we at the very least ca n't play nacht standalone . 
  it 's already 10gb though , maybe it 's just that we have n't noticed a file the size of nacht der untoten ? 
  kinda sucks though . 
  do n't remember , but that had some extra stuff for the open dlc weekend . 
  for what ? 
  if it 's revelations please do n't tell me about what they are because i 'm trying to go in cold . 
  obviously . 
  honestly , does n't seem like an insane stretch to me . 
  if it 's the same 9 we 've had the whole time i 'm gon na murder someone . 
  map 's not out yet but since you need to comment early for people to see your comment , fuckin ' amazing map !, 
  edit : fuckin ' amazing map !, 
  why ? 
  yup , 3 mins on my timer , going dark . 
  thomas out !, 
  most reliable source . 
  apparently a 1.6 gb patch too , and i have like 500kbps ... ;(, 
  fuuuuck , that sucks . 
  i 'd basically just go to bed while my ps4 downloads . 
  does n't matter what time it is . 
  waiting for it to download now ... whatever , with my upload speeds it 's not like i 'm gon na get to upload before the big youtubers anyways . 
  there 's 3 though . 
  wish you could set a pap camo , or have it so you can have a black market/normal multiplayer camo when you pap . 
  low effort ?!, 
  i think it looks great , and even if you do n't like it , it 's not like they slapped it together the last 30 mins before they could release the patch . 
  can confirm , upgraded t-gun and as do n't do anything . 
  hope they let us do fov and motion blur at least , looks amazing on pc . 
  my thoughts as well , annoying to play but i keep it on when i can because it 's so pretty !,
