  i do n't understand , why are you ripping out your headphones ? 
  you said it yourself , i think it was intended , and if he made it virtually impossible to do caleb probably would n't try . 
  also he lives alone in the woods , why would anyone be breaking in ? 
  kinda not related but can we just talk about how that keycard `` if it works go in there '' system is ? 
  how amazing would that be . 
  fair point . 
  oh god yes , brady and grey really need to look up an e3 cringe compilation and talk about it on the show . 
  listen to `` 20,000 years of torment '' i think it 's in the 40s or 50s . 
  wait really ? 
  that must be strange . 
  that 's exactly how understanding languages work . 
  sometimes my friend will start talking and i 'll be like `` holy shit dude you know norwegian too ? '', 
  before realizing that he 's just speaking english as usual . 
  lmaooo , it 's early in the morning and i legitimately thought i was in / r/christianity ... 
  cleared that up at least ... 
  oh god , you do n't know pain before you 've watched a cod zombies tutorial . 
  i watch maybe 5-10 every time a new dlc drops and i want to punch the wall every time . 
  depends ... 
  if you 're really interested look up `` cgp grey misconceptions follow up '', 
  i agree to a degree , but i think it 's simply untrue to put them in categories of `` cod useless , battlefield helpful '' . 
  i think both of them have very good youtubers and very bad youtubers . 
  does n't matter what you think of the games . 
  should n't this happen with other things too though ? 
  for me it 's only with chips and similar things , do n't recall ever having it with anything else . 
  i 'm confused about being upvoted and disagreed with right now . 
  is n't it nero ? 
  or is that #toosoon ? 
  maybe because he did n't want his stuff to get taken ? 
  kinda looks like it right ? 
  this is from the film ? 
  just to be thorough , i 'm coming . 
  is that english ? 
  oh , interesting , i 've only ever heard it used in norway and sweden yeah . 
  what 's the good ending then ? 
  there 's a `` save '' button . 
  he just spends tons of time working on scripts lol . 
  what would you say in this situation ? 
  yup , i know that feeling of having a possibly armed , bigger guy than you , on top of you after being sucker punched from behind when you were n't expecting it . 
  then just beating him up . 
  kids play really . 
  yeah , i see what you 're saying but still , this guy looks like he gets held up by schoolgirls , there 's not much he can do when he 's already been blindsided . 
  holy fuck , imagine getting a phone call and having 5 years to save up as much money as possible , then just being set for life . 
  man that would be dope . 
  e : after much revision , just memorizing lottery numbers would be easier . 
  is n't it / r/rainbow6 ? 
  except for the no zombies part . 
  i feel like there 's some movie i remember this from ( the shutter thing ) but i ca n't quite put my finger on it . 
  ( yeah i know , funny sex jokes ), 
  lmao nice username . 
  oh right !, 
  that 's where it 's from . 
  jesus that must 've been a while ago . 
  thanks though , kinda amazing how fast you knew . 
  i think it was shrek 5 : too many shreks . 
  is see what you 're saying but i 'm really hesitant to the idea of a `` permanent free pass '' because that 's exactly what allowed companies to become shit . 
  to be fair i do n't need to be rich and famous to say that the lady to the left should never have had surgery . 
  did nobody watch the video ? 
  you do n't get points for mass flagging videos , you unlock the ability to mass flag the video if you get enough points from helping out with captions , reporting abusive content , and helping out people on the forums . 
  like it 's a stupid move on their part but at least watch the video before you guys start bashing it based on a misleading title . 
  so that 's it huh ? 
  rip 1tb hdd :(, 
  the servers do though , 
  yeah mine too , i 've been thinking of getting a 1tb one but now looks like that might not even be enough . 
  lol , might not go * that * far just yet ... 
  thinking of it , not 100 % set on one or the other yet . 
  the thing is ... 
  i already spent my money on a ps4 , there 's literally no way i can get a pc unless i traveled back in time and spent that money differently . 
  agreed , at this point i really only buy cod for zombies . 
  the bo3 multiplayer was pretty good but from what it looks like , iw multiplayer wo n't be nearly as good as bo3 . 
  i 'd say black ops 3 is much more worth it from what it looks like in terms of gameplay . 
  the only big advantage this one has over bo3 is cod4 at the moment . 
  also if you like zombies bo3 is amazing . 
  such a great game . 
  almost , he 's not looking at the sun though , also missing a perkaholic . 
  or what i 've been hoping for in bo3 , where you slide towards an edge and as soon as you hit it , it transitions into a dive . 
  i think the setup time on mob is just too annoying , which is the main reason i prefer origins . 
   activision support, 
  lol , highly doubt it . 
  biggest issue for me with zombies , why does every map need to be so dark and depressing ? 
  like i know gk and revelations are bright but they still have this dark and loomy vibe . 
  there really should have been a shangri la level map in terms of nice , bright environments . 
  3 feet ? 
  are n't they like 1 foot at most ? 
  they need to make danger closest last like 5 or 10 rounds so it 's not a useless piece of shit . 
  or do n't feel like doing 90 % of the ee to be allowed to upgrade a wonder weapon . 
  i 'm not gon na type out the whole comment again , but it 's just such a memory game . 
  just to upgrade the kt-4 , think of all the things you need to remember . 
  i agree that they 're horrifying , 3 foot wingspan sounds about right . 
  yeah i guess , to me it just feels orange and boring though . 
  yeah , i like that they went with day on that map . 
  lol , you have n't lived until you 've seen a 400 + pic album of one single person . 
  sorry , ca n't find one at the moment . 
  ryan higa bottle flip challenge on yt . 
  definitely my `` if i ever get enough money for a sex dungeon '' list . 
  can you do jumps in the game ? 
  maybe have the track cut off right before the tower and it flies through and lands on a track on the other side . 
  giving me flashbacks to the walking dead . 
  it makes me sad that there 's a `` du '' too much in there ;(, 
  what did he say ? 
  lmao it almost works in reverse .
