  yeah , that 's what i meant . 
  how did they have it coming ? 
  oh , right . 
  oh shit , thanks for the warning , that was close . 
  that 's a lot of weed . 
  well , every 5 minutes ... 
  this is the top post ... 
  / rejerk, 
  but why lock the comments and not just delete the post ? 
  maybe , i do n't remember any update though ... ? 
  i was expecting that guy to go over and see the stream ... 
  just look at the flowers lizzie . 
  obviously a marijuana overdose , my guess is he injected 2 or maybe even 3 marijuanas . 
  carl 's wearing 2 different shoes because in season 4 a zombie stole his boot . 
  and now i 'm in the endless loop , thanks . 
  i 've only been on tumblr when there has been porn linked there ... 
  you 're doing it in the wrong hole . 
  i 'm gon na use `` uh oh , now i 'm in a existential crisis '' instead of `` uh oh , spaghettios '' from now on . 
  almost everything except daryl was spot on !, 
  pretty sure they could n't do that with toddlers though because the contacts are pretty bad apparantly and toddlers would freak out and not act properly . 
  i thought it was a tat too . 
  he looks like asian daryl . 
  the `` shoe giver '' guy looks like jeremy renner from the hurt locker . 
  i know i 'm gon na get downvoted but i do n't really see why this post is that bad other than that it should n't be in / r/pics . 
  / r/atheism is one of the shittiest subs on reddit . 
  oh my god / u/xuz7 , you ca n't just ask people where they got their ostrich degrees . 
  fuck those . 
  i hate not being able to see it before i get home from school . 
  pretty sure some parts are edited from the original . 
  fuck , she 's cold . 
  is that the lesbian chick from two and a half men ? 
  not too long really , only about 8 or 9 months . 
  why did you tag that as a comic spoiler ? 
  i would stop watching the show if this happened because nothing would ever be better . 
  haha , no problem , i have n't read the comics and was confused for a second . 
  custom saved outfits . 
  have n't gotten on yet but someone else said yes but it costs 3 mill . 
  are they all on ps3 ? 
  i 'm gon na have a lot of fun with this feature . 
  even after you complete the heist ? 
  even after the heist is done ? 
  yo , can i join ? 
  psn : ghostmw2awsome, 
  the big one ? 
  can i come ? 
  psn : ghostmw2awsome, 
  why would you do that ? 
  i liked it that way because i loved having matte crew colour . 
  sweet , i 'm downloading the update but i 'll be on soon , do you have skype ? 
  sure , i 'll download it now . 
  do you have more people ? 
  i have one friend that 'll be on in like and hour , and a nother maybe . 
  where are you from ? 
  good point , hopefully i 'll get the money for both before the pc release :p, 
  cool , i 'm canadian but live in norway :p, 
  sadly , should we continue this in private messages ? 
  i predict at least one of the 20 most mainstream celebreties at the moment will die of an overdose . 
  for me it 's crashed at exactly 50 % 5 times now . 
  is it intentional with the new vehicles not being in singleplayer ? 
  yours went from cute american girl to angry fucking german chick in like 5 seconds . 
  heists were n't out 'till october 1st though ... 
  hey ? 
  i do n't remember because it 's been a while since i saw lost but did he ever die ? 
  really ? 
  fucking awesome !, 
  me too , it 's just that it 's sooooo long ', 
  it was easier on gta iv for some reason , i think the helis were just more stable . 
  haha , i remember hatfilms from their stuff with syndicate years ago !, 
  you can add me but i have n't done any of the heists yet , and i do n't speak german . 
  you can add me if you want , i have n't done any heists yet though . 
  you can add me if you have ps3 . 
  and you 're an asshole . 
  send me a friend request , i 'm not home for another 3 hours . 
  cool , i know a guy that has a premium server or something so that 's all good . 
  i 'm on ps3 if you wan na add me . 
  `` sweet jesus ! '', 
  sweet !, 
  alright , just add me when you log on . 
  well , she looks older than my mom and she 's 51 . 
  `` what the damn '' ? 
  are you on ps3 ? 
  it tells me that literally every time i 've logged on since the highlife update . 
  do you play on ps3 ? 
  i still have n't failed a heist and it 's soooo satisfying to get it first try !, 
  when i played this heist yesterday my whole team went silent the whole 20 seconds we were parachuting and as soon as we landed one guy said `` if you guys messed that up i would 've killed you all . '', 
  it was a good time :p, 
  i 've done the first two and all the setups without anyone dying or disconnecting and it did n't seem to hard , we 're all really well coordinated and over lvl 120 so that might have something to do with it . 
  it 's a lot easier if you have a team of people that you 're talking to . 
  i 'm surprised my guys did n't die because i spent a good 5 minutes trying to get the asshole to get in the car after i killed all the guards , it went well . 
  holy shit you found the only other person in the world who is n't trying to join heists . 
  why is this tagged `` official news '' ? 
  good , ca n't wait to get home !, 
  yeah , haha . 
  are you on ps3 ? 
  haha , sorry , i 'm not in america though so it should be fine for a few more hours after i get home . 
  oh , haha , good luck with finding friends to play with then !, 
  you can add me , i 'll be home in two hours and looking to start the humane labs setup missions . 
  oh , thanks . 
  i did them on hard . 
  just change the . jpg to . gifv at the end of the url to make it load faster .
