  it sucks because part of the fun for me is all starting at the starting line together and helping each other out with our whit instead of all the youtubers on launch day just standing at the finish line and yelling at us how to get there . 
  it was a joke about how people thought the mp-40 and marshals were n't gon na be in zetsubou because of the razorback thing . 
  i know but i 'm saying there 's no way they 'd do the 5th this year because it 's the day after independence day . 
  my name 's ron burgundy ? 
  zombies has evolved , as any good gamemode should . 
  people always complain that cod is the same every year then complain about how zombies needs to go back to the og with just shooting zombies . 
  if you 've followed zombies the entire way , this is a very natural progression . 
  yeah lol , small stuff like that bug me , like the ray gun having the same 3rd person reload animation as the m1911 lol, 
  that they 'd have to work the entirety of the 4th of july which probably is n't a lot of fun considering it 's a national holiday . 
  that 's cool , i do n't wan na try and explain to you why zombies is good when you obviously know what games you like better . 
  everyone has an opinion . 
  great idea , let 's have 4 games and 30 + maps where you buy weapons out of the mystery box and defend a building . 
  tranzit is a fun map to jump on every once in a while and buried and die rise are great . 
  you also forgot to mention the entirety of waw and bo1 which according to this thread are people 's favourite . 
  ah , i was n't aware of that . 
  11th then probably yeah . 
  adblock then dislike . 
  the `` small knives '' bit is hilarious . 
  one of my favourite superhero moments ever . 
  the avocado ? 
  ** looks at username ** shockingly not / u/fuckswithducks, 
  if they 're doing it to other people , yes , but if they 're doing it to each other it 's fine . 
  wreck it ralph 64, 
  kinda , honestly i 'd say you should just quit at 23 , that 's when the quality really dropped off . 
  48 was pretty decent but not really worth it if you have n't seen 24-47 . 
  i 'm gon na stop this stupid comment chain right here . 
  have n't you seen my video about it ;(, 
  it 's a little annoying that they 're different sizes but cool nonetheless !, 
  what if he is n't ? 
  the walking dead 's season finale . 
  7k comments , 2700 upvotes , there you have it ... 
  in norway it 's very uncommon to close your sandwiches and i often get dirty looks for wasting bread let whatever . 
  i agree though , open faces sandwiches are the worst . 
  fuck that , people who say they `` could care less '' are the scum of the earth . 
  fuck that , where i live a hot dog is a bun , a dog , some ketchup and maybe some mustard . 
  cheese dogs are also welcome . 
  or you could say `` i could n't care less '' and save yourself 4 syllables . 
  but those 4 syllables though ... 
  yeah , i think it 's in the bible . 
   and thou shalt not faceswap with dead relatives at an open casket . 
  - jos\u00e9 6:9, 
  pretty sure that 's the, 
   `` thou shall only blaze it at 420 , or whenever the fuck , idk . '', 
  - god, 
  i like the operator but his name is annoying lol , i end up just calling him ` montage ' with my friends because it 's easier lol . 
  except that ken m moderates this sub and will delete anything that 's not him . 
  i know exactly what you mean , i 've been to / r/all twice and both times they were just low effort posts of some shit i saw randomly elsewhere on the internet . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skmamsift6g ) , 'cause i 'm not amc . 
  sorry , going trough old comments today and did n't get to reply to this when it was new . 
  the truth is i live in norway so that 's probably why i did n't learn about her in high school . 
  i just thought it was an interesting story and i posted this because she was mentioned in a vsauce video and i got super obsessed with the story for a few days . 
  i always admire games with good hitboxes . 
  this game especially has some great attention to detail when it comes to that . 
  ( like shooting a rocket at a plane , or a person it needs to hit properly before it explodes ), 
  that 's awesome . 
  yup . 
  it 's been edited ... 
  do n't know if you 're being sarcastic ... 
  what the fuck are you guys talking about ? 
  you 're terrified of two lights moving around on your ceiling ... ? 
  i do n't know what to tell you but if you think this is creepy never go outside , you might see a firefly , or a person with a reflective vest . 
  \\ #hit `` source `` onthiscomment, 
  it 's very helpful if you 're confused or curious about how someone formatted their comment . 
  anyone else think the blackwidow costume does n't do her ass any favours ? 
  it looks very odd compared to some of the others . 
  literally unusable . 
  wait , is this for console too ? 
  oh shit , i should look at my emails lol . 
  i signed up for the alpha as soon as the livestream reveal was over but no such luck for me it seems . 
  yeah , i have bf1943 , bc2 , 3 , 4 and hardline on ps3 as well as bf4 and hardline on ps4 . 
  are n't the codes still sending out though ? 
  like there 's still a chance haha . 
  but it 's charging in the sc ... ? 
  it was n't me !, 
  slim shady said to do it again !, 
  why would they crash a uav into an enemies rpg ? 
  i know people like this , would n't discount it 100 %, 
  `` forcey fun time '' lmao, 
   the freezing point of brine, 
  what a useful , logical and modern temperature measurement . 
  loved the gunplay but yeah , it gets super boring after you finish the game . 
  we are ^ ^ ^ makeps3nexgen, 
  haha , i just found this sub and was looking through some of the top posts here when i found this . 
  because my debit card does n't work online , i 'm thinking i could get an amazon pre-paid card , buy a eu psn code and use that haha . 
  i 'll look into that , thanks . 
  i do but i do n't have any way to add funds to my paypal, 
   and still have ten minutes to ~ ~ reassess your life choices ~ ~, 
  start watching it again . 
  lmaaooo hahhaha , i just realized he thought it 's 7/12 as in dec 7 . 
  eu dating system ftw . 
  i just wan na say , the fact that dragons exist in a zombies map means literally nothing about the quality of the game . 
  there 's about a 75 % chance that this map will be amazing still and the fact that there are dragons does n't mean that it 'll be any different . 
  it does but it makes even less sense to assume it 's in december when the map 's clearly almost done . 
  many members hate white people for being white . 
  that 's literally the fucking definition of racism . 
  jesus lmao , how do n't people understand that this is a joke ? 
  what did he say ? 
  it means allah is great or something along those lines . 
  they yell it when shooting because in islam they believe that if it 's the last thing they say before they die they 're guaranteed a place in heaven . 
  be quick and nimble .
