  ps4 does n't cost $ 500 . 
  $ 399 at launch . 
  y' all need new girlfriends . 
  your clue is banned . 
  does n't everyone have a controller ? 
  depending on where you are . 
  who is billy ? 
  serial killer , hidin ' murda ' material in a cereal box on top of your stereo . 
  that 's really impressive , as you could probably tell i had no idea what any of them were almost . 
  ( and i play a lot of zombies . ), 
  i 've been dated before as a joke or something and it sucks having an emotional connection to someone who 's just messing with you . 
  wait ... 
  girls are confused ... ? 
  what kind of ama has an imgur link ? 
  damn , the razer blade is more powerful that most desktop builds i 've seen , that guy should shut de_fuck up . 
  hahahahaha , that 's hilarious . 
  that 's actually hilarious . 
  actually , she dated my friend for a few months and yesterday he broke up with her , she then came crawling back saying she `` missed me '' and `` wanted me back '' at that point i got a very satisfying moment of shutting her down . 
  needless to say i 'm doing much better , thanks :p, 
  you should buy an xb1 . 
  haha , it was , thanks , 
  i have n't but i 'll definitely check it out :p, 
  might 've said it kinda as a joke , although i did n't know this guy and it very well might 've been a real thing in his mind . 
  i would n't know , but i 'd assume people who are into scat are normal people who just have a weird fetish . 
  when this happened to me i just went to options  advanced  tv compatability , and changed it 'till it stopped . 
  a friend of mine has around 1750 subs and only gets around 15-25 views in a couple of days . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/2ciyikd ) is just what i have now , should n't it work ? 
  oh , well that sucks . 
  it says 720/1080p on the box : s, 
  i think i 'll just buy an hdmi splitter on ebay instead because that 's what all the youtube tutorials on how to get the hd60 to work with the ps3 are doing . 
  could you link to a place to buy a converter then ? 
  would you happen to have a link ? 
  this was when i first got it so it was probably a different problem overall . 
  were n't they all handicapped ? 
  no it did n't . 
  is it good ? 
  some of those guys in that mission take sooo much damage . 
  i love the louie ck bit on this . 
  c'mon , there are kids in china you age who can make shoes !, 
  i used to watch cableporn as a kid , i have a feeling i 'm talking about a different type though . 
  mrw i see the new nwa movie trailer . 
  haha , nixon should 've said `` and what is ** he ** doing here ?! '', 
  * points at romney * `` he lost ! '', 
  ( if anyone gets that reference you 're awesome ), 
  i have no experience but i 'm pretty sure it 's because they wan na see if it attacks them in any way by testing the response time . 
  i really hope it 's at least one of the easter egg songs . 
  ooooohhhh you just gave me an idea , what if all the black ops 3 maps are revisiting the old maps ( but still having them different enough ) and fixing the timeline ? 
  my friend has a channel with lots of high rounds and challenges , i have a lot of fun with it . 
  ( but i 'm not cheap enough to plug it here ), 
  nice , i was trying to do a `` race to 100k '' with a friend on ascension and got to 30 as well , even though we failed the challenge :(, 
  oh , good we cleared that up . 
  what 's the game like ? 
  seeing as how you 've played it . 
  ahhh !, 
  me too !, 
  lmao, 
  think that 's a shadow , or she just has * very * high up nips . 
  why ? 
  were they spicy ? 
  playing it right now , it 's amazing . 
  cod black ops zombies , my comment was in reference to the intro cutscene on the map `` five '' . 
  terminator 2, 
  this pisses me off soooo much !, 
  oh god please . 
  if he had one of the hair styles you can have in online instead . 
  ahh , some baby carrots in chips dip :p, 
  that 's because of your internet , not the ssd . 
  edit : servers still wo n't look at your ssd and say `` oh , i guess i 'll work now . 
  this is way to creepy for / r/creepy, 
  this has been posted so many times . 
  oh shit really ? 
  that part always stood out to me . 
  i wish i played the earlier games and that part would be so much more amazing . 
  `` nothing personnel kid '' lmao . 
  could you even do anything ? 
  i though after the last mission it prompted you to play the last mission again or just freeroam ? 
  right , i just like getting in car chases , the game looks and feels very nice for old gen. 
  thanks , that 's amazing . 
  i have a 2013 model macbook air , how much do you think i could get for it next summer ? 
  yeah , but in the sims ? 
  wait , who 's the chubby asian ? 
  edit : i have n't seen the show in a long time and it 's * really * early . 
  if we gave him a million dollars we 'd still have $ 999m, 
  should be 9gag before facebook but yeah . 
  i 've been thinking of getting it , how is ac unity ? 
  then just scroll back for a second ... . 
  oh fuck , this is a jpeg ... 
  i spent the last 25 mins not looking at the sub trying to get the gif to load . 
  oh god , games would be sooo much better !, 
  i noticed a while ago that if you get shot from the right angle your phone can get blood on the screen . 
  i 'd find a pic for imgur but i 'm not quite sure how to get it off my ps4 . 
  update : [ here 's a pic if anyone 's interested ] ( http://imgur.com/a/glhfg ), 
  actually it used to ( have n't played in a while so idk ) crash the radio and phone calls when you went into tunnels . 
  dude , that portuguese google fucked my phone up . 
  idk what the fuck i 'd be doing if it were n't rap . 
  just to clarify , you just need to hold you shield right ? 
  or do you need to hit them ? 
  oh , maybe i 'm thinking of the radio changing when you drive into the city . 
  i 'll get it in a minute , i 'll see if i have a flash drive anywhere that i can transfer the pic to my laptop . 
  edit : [ here you go !,
