  if she just said he was an unfunny prick and to go away , i think i would 've been on her side , it was n't particularly funny or smart , but the way she freaked out made it so much better . 
  probably something like `` do you think a similar system should be set in place for keeping out muslims '', 
  i think if she did people would have seen it more like `` look at this asshole just annoying people '' rather than `` look at this hyperbolic , hypocritical bitch '' . 
  but it has obama in the name , there 's no reason to google it , it 's clearly evil . 
  best screenshot i have . 
  happened to me , think it was bomb , ps4 , do n't know which op , entirely possible that i was jackal, 
  yeah , it 's the exact same sound , hate it . 
  i 've been on for 9 hours and i 'm running out of hands to count these server outages on . 
  3 outages , 1 emergency restart and 1 planned maintenance in the last 13 hours . 
  i 'm not exaggerating . 
  yeah , 11th time since invitational started . 
  it 's a bug , play another game or restart your game . 
  it 's happened to me several times tonight , but after a game it puts me back . 
  he lied . 
  next season . 
  it 's not , the message comes up when you 're having trouble connecting . 
  yeah . 
  no problem , fwiw i believe that you get them from casual and ranked but you have a higher chance from ranked , take that with a grain of salt though . 
  dude , i 've been counting and just since friday the servers have been down at least 11 times . 
  yeah , this is from memory so i may have it wrong , but for ps4 , once on friday , twice on saturday during the invitational semi finals , 0 times on sunday , 1 time on monday , then the 4 hour maintenance on tuesday morning , then 2 more times tuesday , then emergency reset , then it went down once , came back in like 5 mins , got on a game , then it crashed again . 
  then according to my friend it went down once or twice yesterday too , and a few times on wednesday too . 
  i mean , it did make sense . 
  i hate how similar the colors are now tho . 
  it made sense because the higher the rank the higher the number , the new system makes sense too but i do n't understand why they 'd change it . 
  i appreciate that but i do n't understand anything after `` friday 3.2 '', 
  yeah lol, 
  stuck that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death . 
  the oldest profession . 
  1/5 th is good . 
  in his ama he said that they actually cleared the video with the secret service or cia or someone . 
  probably the same guy who told him that vaccines cause autism . 
  this is getting too real i need an adult . 
  how is it obviously staged ? 
  it was at a trump rally ... 
  n o r m i e m e m e, 
  exactly lol , how do 2 separate people fuck up correcting the first guy . 
  well then you should have researched it before forming an opinion ... 
  oh , never mind , you 're a trump supporter . 
  facts do n't matter . 
  after they get it under control i 'm expecting some more compensation than a 50 % booster for 3 days , of which the servers went down 4 times . 
  why is it a shit system ? 
  mostly for ps4 . 
  i honestly do n't believe a counter like this would ever need more than 2 digits . 
  15 % is only like 20 renown a game , i feel like an extra 50 renown per game would be good . 
  credit to [ kixstar ] ( https://www.twitch.tv/nope_kix ) , here 's the [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ynms9xdavq&amp;t=31s&amp;ab_channel=serenity17 ) video . 
  to clear one thing up , that i know there 'll be 1,000,000 comments about , when he looks like he hipfires the guy , it 's just a spectating bug , for him it looked like he was fully aimed . 
  if you look at the source , it 's serenity 's video , but he 's spectating kix . 
  edit : sorry that you got downvoted , it 's an understandable mix up . 
  exactly what i was thinking , i was n't around last year so i was wondering if i was hyping myself up for nothing . 
  during the 50 % weekend ? 
  i was n't on all weekend but i still experienced 4 . 
  what do you mean matchmaking ? 
  imo ammo capacity  stopping power in this game , just being able to hit a lucky headshot can be gamechanging , something that 's harder to do with a gun that has less bullets and more recoil . 
  what annoys me 10,000,000 x more than that is if it 's contested 1v1 , and the last teammate is aiming at the door , waiting for someone to come in . 
  hahaha , yes , anytime i play with someone who does something impressive i 'll shout `` what the fuck kixstar '' as a reference to the video . 
  neckshots were a real issue before 5.0, 
  but they did though , that 's what makes this play so impressive , in the span of 8 seconds the entire team pushed him and failed . 
  the rook downed with the r4 . 
  i believe the term is `` git gud '' . 
  from the initial kill to the final one it 's 8 seconds . 
  he got callouts if you watch the video . 
  yeah , it 's almost as though he know how to play the game well . 
  how about you do anything remotely as impressive as this and then get back to me . 
  it 's not easy to pull this off , you 're acting like it 's unfair that he can know where an enemy is . 
  people downvoting you do n't know the reference , everyone knows that hillary has aids from bill that bill got from magic johnson . 
  edit : before you downvote this guy , go watch the damn source video . 
  show me a single clip of you getting more than 2 kills in this amount of time and i 'll be convinced . 
  go away troll . 
  literally send me a single clip half as impressive or shut up . 
  exactly , the enemies had to push him within 0.3 seconds or they would n't have won . 
  it 's like you do n't even read the comments . 
  how about you do that . 
  how about you do this then . 
  and we 're all thankful fir it . 
  it 's not like it 'd be impossible , idk why they have n't done it yet . 
  `` arrested , molested myself and got convicted '', 
  well , i know , i 'm saying that the should add the ability to lean without aiming . 
  how so ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  nobody is though , they 're just saying that the pictures look similar . 
  a few suggestions would be keeping the leaning direction after you stop aiming , holding r3 or l3 to lean or using motion control/track pad . 
  pro league strats , kix better make way . 
  noon gmt . 
  he said that 8 seconds was too long so i made fun of him . 
  they pushed him because it was 5v1 , they knew exactly where he was and had 2 people flanking . 
  you go on cams when you die hahaha . 
  holy shit , nice . 
  i do n't know if there is one . 
  i 've been looking around and so far there are 2 people who know him fairly well that have mentioned it and his last instagram post was about coughing up blood and having a swollen hand . 
  stop replying to him , it 's just a dumb troll account . 
  kino der toten , ascension , five , call of the dead and moon are all ww2/cold war . 
  play solo :p, 
  i 'm literally shaking right now , i ca n't fucking believe that someone dares have a pc that ca n't get at least 200fps on ultra . 
  i go one step further and will often shoot a bullet or 2 if i 'm not sure that it 's clear and i 've found it to be a bad idea , for example when me and my friend tried to both push a guy at the same time and when i looked down he walked in front of my aim and i accidentally shot him in the head out of habit . 
  the good thing about the shield strat is that it can deny entries if they know you 're on site because either they vault over and get killed by you or they shoot you and hit the frost trap . 
  we 're all youtube comments on this blessed day !, 
  it 's interesting to see that in the early alpha e3 reveal , they breach through the floor in the living room on house , right where the floor hatch can now be found . 
  the breach charge kinda depressed into the window like that in early alpha , i would n't be surprised if the breach charge is made of rubber or fabric of some sort . 
  that feeling when *, 
  good job !,
