  people who think he 's a good choice are . 
  but , the russians did interfere with the election , this is literally a fact ... ? 
  i meant the redditors who think he 's childish . 
  he did have videos on the channel and it had well over 2 million subs . 
  he does n't need views at all . 
  i 'm none of those things but thanks , i 'm not a democrat so i do n't care . 
  not people i disagree with , people who think carson 's a good choice . 
  interestingly he 's not included in that list . 
   you did call people you disagree with uneducated fucking idiots . 
  it says that `` rural uneducated people are fucking idiots '' . 
  learn to read , and understand a sentence . 
  give me one good reason for ben carson being picked over someone more qualified ? 
  can you not fucking read ? 
  rural uneducated people are fucking stupid because they 're uneducated . 
  do you not understand that ? 
  yeah but still , 30,000,000 people using youtube actively without ever watching his videos or unsubscribing is pretty crazy . 
  pls link, 
  but they seem to have much more influence than in other countries . 
  i have no dog in this fight , i 'm not a `` leftist '' i disagree with many of hillary 's policies , i 'm simply stating that ben carson is not fit to be the head of any government agency . 
  except that he lost the popular vote ... 
  well then you should realize that what he did was for a stupid reason . 
  no but he did n't win by a landslide when he got less votes . 
  he went there and seeked out the ambassador , it 's not self defense in any sense of the word . 
  casey neistat did not delete his account . 
  he does n't need any money , he could stop putting ads on his videos right now and not be at any disadvantage . 
  i do n't understand that you 're arguing against donald trump being a controversial person . 
  i guess i never thought about it like that , i was just thinking that it does n't seem worth it to be in the middle of all this controversy just for a couple extra thousand dollars . 
  i 'm saying that the controversy gained him maybe 20m views at most , adding up to about $ 20,000 , which does n't seem worth it when you 're that rich . 
  oh , right , sorry for the misunderstanding then . 
  wait the 1 % is 120 ? 
  i thought 120 was the average ? 
  ( not trying to sound smart here , i have no indication on my iq ), 
  yeah , but it 's not possible to know wether or not the article will tell you or not . 
  every time i read about melania 's linguistic skills it 's a different number . 
  i 've hear everything from 4 to 8 . 
  true , i speak 2 fluently and it 's already super fucky trying to remember what goes where in terms of expressions and phrases . 
  ah , thanks . 
  yeah , i must have been misinformed . 
  yeah , trick is to back up and aim at his head because he ca n't hipfire you and when he ads ' you can shoot his head . 
  nobody 's that stupid . 
  yeah , but if you 're close to them you 'll get hip-fired . 
  i know it 's basic stuff but i was just explaining why he backed up in case anyone was confused . 
  yeah , even if it was n't i do n't get why this warrants 17 downvotes . 
  i was just explaining why the doc looked funny . 
  i do n't get why though , it 's not like it 's the first thing you learn in this game , it might be a good thing to know , especially this time of year when many new players will be joining . 
  what about carrie fisher ? 
  it 's just the map loading in , since it 's only one round it 's not an issue . 
  what did he say ? 
  yeah , did n't know about that until after i closed this post . 
  it 's not really trans , it 's more people who identify as animals or inatimate objects . 
  lol , what an idiot . 
  but trans people still only identify as the two genders , no ? 
  just with a ` trans ' prefix ? 
  what specifically ? 
  i did n't get the game until dust line . 
  yeah , that 's kinda what i meant , sorry . 
  or that she 's gon na hit # 1 on iama . 
  more than a couple and more in the real world than you 'd hope . 
  what ? 
  i meant that he inferred that if she had an ama , it would end up at # 1 , which is n't very likely . 
  you literally said that muslims are working hard to stop us from feeling safe . 
  presumably all 2.2 billion of them . 
  many americans have no indication of wether or not something is common outside of the us or not . 
  yeah , everyone knows that if you give birth outside of the us you will die and your child will be malnourished and on its own . 
  ea is not a game developing company . 
  i 'm inclined to believe that this is a dumb joke but based on your history of posting to the_donald it very well might not be . 
  it 's the upstairs control room place with all the tv screens on kanal . 
  someone needs to make an extension that changes `` laser sight '' to `` foookin leezah sight '', 
  it 's easy to tell because of the door , the spot pulse is in and the hatch below him . 
  really ? 
  i 'm level 115 gold 4 and i 've never had this happen . 
  that 's a loss , you ca n't do that . 
  i know . 
  i 've done that but when i change one both of them change . 
  who are you quoting ? 
  who has ever said that ? 
  there 's no way you went straight from plat 2 to gold 1 . 
  really ? 
  never had that happen . 
  is it pc or xb only ? 
  many americans have never left the us . 
  hmm , i guess i 'm either really lucky or this does n't happen on ps4 . 
  examples ? 
  norway ? 
  i have n't seen these guys other than the commercials on tv . 
  who 's thelegend27 ? 
  apologies , i was under the impression that they were only publishers , thanks for correcting me . 
  why ca n't i ever get paid to shitpost about brands on reddit ? 
  yup , the continual dev support and updates are reason enough to get the game . 
  pretty steep learning curve but getting used to the audio and map layouts makes it so much fun . 
  game of the year , 10/10 from me . 
  i feel like anytime i try posting here for help i get tons of downvotes . 
  idk why it 's only this sub but it 's a little annoying when i just want help . 
  one prime example of this is rainbow six siege , got slammed on release because of the learning curve and broken servers , but now it 's honestly my favorite game , and a lot of people still wo n't play it because of the old reviews saying it was terrible . 
  relevant usernames i guess , 
  23 or 23 million ? 
  too bad bots and servers ca n't vote because then trump could have won the popular vote . 
  yeah , i was mostly thinking of battlefield and just having seen the ea logo as the publishers a bunch . 
  even worse , a large majority of eligible voters never voted . 
  man it was fucking hard to get back into canada for a funeral back in november because there 's too many americans who were trying to get in .
