  nah man , i 'm just making fun of the people who just ca n't believe anything . 
  sounds pretty cool though , do you know what model ? 
  haha , thanks , i 'll keep that in mind . 
  i 'll help you out if you 're on ps , i 've done it 3 times . 
  let me guess , american who 's never left the continent . 
  holy fuck that mic swing was fucking smooth , i was getting really worried about how he was gon na catch it and it was just suddenly in his hand . 
  i do n't live in the uk and it was n't a funny joke . 
  hate speech !, 
  reported, 
  he posted a picture of ... 
  i do n't even know if i can say it , it 's so awful . 
  ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ picture ^ ^ ^ of ... ^ ^ ^ pepe ^ ^ ^ :(, 
  ah , interesting . 
  my thought would be that if you can create a room with the camera and you point it at earth you could watch historic events unfold in real time but i guess not . 
  dude , just stop talking . 
  gr [ a ] y = [ a ] merican, 
  grey thought it would be grey and that 's why he could n't find it . 
  still kinda weird though because i also thought it would be in grey and saw it immediately . 
  in norwegian tungsten is the same for the element and the weight of the rock . 
  yeah , i 'm subbed for the animations . 
  not as much as a big youtuber getting their video taken down for the first 2 hours it 's up . 
  that can definitely affect their initial revenue stream and will almost certainly stop it from going viral . 
  lmao , / u/jeffdujon please do this and report back with results . 
  holy fuck , glad to hear everyone got out alright !, 
  really ? 
  need to watch that now i guess . 
  so that 's it huh ? 
  we some kinda marvel \u2122 defenders \u2122 ? 
  who are the other 2 ? 
  yup , just finished rewatching jessica jones , and kilgrave might be my favorite villain since the joker in tdk . 
  fucking great scene . 
  loved it . 
  how i 'd imagine daredevil before i saw the show . 
  yeah me too lol , i 've been watching jj the last few days and i 'm so glad i did , also should 've watched dd i guess but whatever ... 
  jesus , i 've watched dd , jj , stranger things * and * house of cards and i do n't remember any of these actors lmao . 
  is it as good as the other shows ? 
  i wan na get into it but i feel like it 's basically just pg jj/dd/lc, 
  ah man the punisher was great , time to rewatch dd s2 . 
  maybe i 'll finish lc first haha . 
  they did that with a lock screen in house of cards too lmao , do n't even know why they 'd bother . 
  yeah , they get a lot of shit for pushing the micro transactions but honestly it 's an amazing game . 
  holy shit grevous is a pussy . 
  oh yeah that 's what i meant , did n't know there was a difference between pg-13 and just pg . 
  i 'll check it out , i 'm very much into the mcu ( except for the standalone thor movies ) so it seems like it 'll be good . 
  yeah sorry , the previous comment came out wrong , i meant to say that obi wan is a pussy if thats how easy you can hurt grevous . 
  i 'm rather watching this than the jackass thing . 
  never even been seen in the same universe at the same time . 
  oh man i really like kon tiki , pretty good movie . 
  ugh this comment is getting old quickly , it 's not even that offensive or shocking . 
  with a sniper rifle from 250 yards . 
  was n't it yellow in jj ? 
  yeah , that 's probably the one person i did remember . 
  holy fuck , land of the free . 
  cheap shot should make the next ~ 5 purchases twice as expensive , a time limit would be too easy to avoid . 
  you berated a coworker over a font ? 
  how are they in the wrong again ? 
  ah , yes , the * special * enclosure . 
   66 % off !, 
  67 % off . 
  luke cage i 'm pretty sure . 
  so many questions ... 
  i have no problems with black people but god damn if i see someone like in this gif i 'll say it like it is . 
  lmao , someone who 's not on mobile should link the `` 30 hits of lsd '' guy . 
  yeah lmao , rip hard drive space , might need to get a 2tb for iw . 
  i was referring to the people in the op . 
  woah !, 
  what do you mean `` you people '' ? 
   more, 
  so at least $ 1 !, 
  more common than you 'd think , 
  that just made the common movie trope of fishing up a boot a whole lot darker ... 
  thank god it clicked ` save ' . 
   `` the strange thing is , you 're gon na be dead for so much longer than you 're alive !, 
  like that 's mostly what you 're ever gon na be . 
  you 're just a dead person who has n't died yet . '', 
  - louis ck, 
  the most horrifying fact i know is that there are still people who use the wrong ` your ' and say things like ' i could care less ' . 
  lmao , i 'm just making fun . 
  i make my fare shair of spelling and grammar mistakes too . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  my bed is offset a bit , and kinda under my window , so this comment has really not helped my urge to stay in bed with my gun right now . 
  do people like this actually not swear or is it just that they do n't swear around us when we 're kids ? 
  i really love how hillary 's ads are literally just `` hey this is donald trump , i 'm not donald trump . 
  who do you want to vote for ? '', 
  why is this trashy ? 
  is n't it strange that 1 day ago it would be super illegal to look at these even though they 'd be exactly the same . 
  and possession if you just take them . 
  does n't matter what time zone you 're in , she 's lived the same amount of minutes . 
  why does it matter ? 
  i know this was posted 171 days ago but i have to ask , why is the `` w '' lower case ? 
  lmao at the fucking youtube comments thinking this is real . 
  what is this a reality show ? 
  protip : if it 's a youtube comment , 90 % of the time it 's not a joke sadly . 
  also , if it is a joke , it has to be brutally obvious and there will still be people who believe it . 
  yeah , it 's standing sideways so ye predator can see more of the cat to understand its full size . 
  oh god i did n't even think about that before . 
  imagine sitting in your chair , sweaty and tired , cans of mountain dew \u2122 on your desk , when it finally happens , the file opens . 
  you quickly open it up to be first in the world , the screen is black , about to fade in when ... 
  #hey yoooooouuuu, 
  i have done them all on ps4 , can post it in like 6ish hours if nobody else has .
