  technically potatoes have shells because they 're in the peanut family, 
  blue team represent !, 
  hey that 's the day after mine , i 'll remember . 
  he wo n't leave you if he loses weight , he 'll leave you because you 're a disgusting cunt . 
  thanks for the warning . 
  interesting . 
  that 's what i thought , thanks . 
  that 's what i thought , thanks . 
  i 'm #blessed, 
  would it be better if i deleted it before the mods did ? 
  haha , i 'll message you if he takes it down . 
  what ? 
  no it 's the kr2, 
  the map is probably harder to get a hold of than soe because it 's a download that 3arch can control compared to soe which is in the base game . 
  not really , but you 're excused :p, 
  my friend has a show on youtube that 's all about cod zombies trivial although it might be a bit advanced for most people . 
  i wish fallout would come out like a month later because then i could play that as well . 
  probably not gon na be able to play it until christmas now . 
  oh god please !, 
  forgive me , it 's my first time . 
  i 'm very open to constructive critisism . 
  i 've decided i 'll probably make a montage parody if someone suggests a good enough clip , anyone have a good < 1 minute clip that 'd be cool to make a montage parody of ? 
  i pretty much do nothing other than play video games anyways ... and i 'm bored of all of mine already . 
  lmao , mine was almost exactly the same . 
  where do you live ? 
  i 'm assuming aus/nz because they get the game first , i 'm in norway so i could be there in 18 hours and 18 minutes , plus some travel time to and from airports . 
  i could n't sleep until 3 last night and woke up at 10 so i 'm a wreck . 
  have literally no idea what to do for the next 12 hours . 
  thanks , was originally gon na have dubstep like `` sneaking up '' outside the van but could n't find out how to make the music sound ambient like that . 
  ah man , that reminds me i have no idea what to do for snacks , i have like barely enough money for 4 energy drinks for the first night , then the entire day might stay fuled by coffee then i 'll sleep tomorrow but i wo n't have any chips or anything ... kind of a dilemma : s, 
  ah yeah , i do n't have a job , and school unfortunately does n't seem to pay as well as i 'd like it to . 
  haha , agreed :p, 
  haha , sweet , i have a very similar ps4 !, 
  i have a similar one , i just realized i should add some eminem . 
  i also recommend the song `` welcome home '' by iniquity , it 's amazing for the occasion . 
  no problem . 
  definitely beauty of annihilation , although i 'm a huge fan of eminem and love wont back down as well . 
  thanks man , means a lot !, 
  yeah i slipped it for a second , luckily it 's not very visible when i 'm playing video games and there are no razors in my near vacinity . 
  is there any way to copy the exact one you used ? 
  i 'd love one for my controller . 
  oh my god , it takes me like 20 seconds to upload a 2mb, 
  thumbnail to youtube , i ca n't imagine 75tb of uploading ... 
  thanks !, 
  that 's awesome , i 'll check that out !, 
  i 'd kill myself , mine 's at 4.5 and i 'm ready !, 
  ah double tap 2 on the giant !, 
  i 'm super excited !, 
  i 'm in norway , not sure about the timezone though . 
  i 'm going through the same , i guess i 'll hope for fallout and just cause for christmas . 
  i have that phone case !, 
  haha , yeah i love it , i 'm pretty sure you can get it for almost any phone on the ( relatively ) cheap which is pretty sweet , i 'm tempted to get a t-shirt lol . 
  i 'm at 1.3 hours now :p i 'm in norway, 
  what timezone are you in ? 
  eh , i scrapped it after that other guy said it had false info ... 
  i 'm so fucking excited it 's at 1 hour and 1 minute right now and i ca n't wait . 
  i 've been home alone all day and watching the countdown from like 10am this morning . 
  stay strong , are you getting digital or physical ? 
  and what platform ? 
  not sure , someone said that 3arch had said it had false info . 
  there 's a nutorious video in the zombies community that 's commonly just referred to as `` the 4 hour video '' that 's known for being an extremely long , in depth video about the story line . 
  ah that sucks , stay strong brother . 
  meditate , masturbate and migrate ( to a country where it has an earlier release ), 
  norway represent !, 
  yeah , watched about 20 minutes , it was definetley interesting but was n't quite for me . 
  yeah , that 's gon na be wierd and annoying . 
  it 's so fucking good, 
  haha , that 's awesome !, 
  wish you the best in waiting , i 've been playing for like an hour now . 
  be in norway lol . 
  it 's amazing i 've played both maps and i 've had a constant stream of jizz out of my dick for an hour, 
  thanks , i feel bad for you and hope you get a new gen console soon . 
  you fucking know it bitch, 
  me too yeah , you should add me if you want . 
  should be my flair , if you 're on mobile it 's `` ghostmw2awsome '' awesome is spelt wrong . 
  yeah i was just super excited they actually had the song , i might post my reaction to it later . 
  will do !, 
  each to their own , i see how you could dislike it . 
  there 's also a radio in spawn , face the pap go left and look at the ridges filled with snow on the side of pap . 
  they 're just very quiet . 
  i 've already found the one by the embrace the trinity sign , i posted it yesterday . 
  good find nonetheless . 
  as it has been known for 2 days . 
  fucking just have a restart game button treyarch !, 
  dempsey upon getting the dg-2 : `` oh yeah , pure concentrated 115 ... how the hell do i know that ? '', 
  i 've also noticed some of the old quotes and sometimes even said differently . 
  i think you need to level up to unlock the guns and when they 're unlocked you get attatchments for using the guns . 
  oh yeah , maybe not the best weapon when you have 5 inches of breathing room . 
  they hit you so insanely fast in this game , like yesterday a single zombie hit me 5 times and downed me in like a second . 
  i was looking at my phone and when i got hit started to walk away and just downed immediately . 
  well [ shit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kyc88g2.png ) , which ever one gets more upvotes i 'll do . 
  well [ shit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kyc88g2.png ) , which ever one gets more upvotes i 'll do . 
  sometimes you get it , it will work fine . 
  it 's fairly common to walk right past this place so i do n't blame you , think og der reise , it 's between the speed cola machine and the kennels/labs and the thing you shoot to do the fly trap . 
  galvas did n't do anything when linked with ballistic but bowie and sickle were the shit . 
  it was better before the patch . 
  dude , have you even used the locus ? 
  also now you can remove the sights on them so that 's not a problem anymore . 
  i 'll let this video speak for itself : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8nhjyfwxv8, 
  has anyone had all 7 and gotten another perk bottle ?
