  actually i ended up having a funny conversation with the guy who killed us but before that i was pretty ready to break my disk . 
  actually surprisingly relevant . 
  should be so that if you go onto the spawn select screen you can go straight into the game , but if you stay on your drone that 's where you stay . 
  does n't matter if people know after he has the ad revenue . 
  yup , pretty sure they said it was n't getting fixed until the next big update , msr is confirmed as 2.1.2 and being mid-march . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  it 's weird how amazingly good the driving feels in games like gta yet in so many other games it just feels awful . 
  except that kix 's enemies were surrounding and trying to pinch him , these guys were just dumb . 
  an unfinished workshop . 
  start with `` white christmas '' or `` shut up and dance '' . 
  s1e1 is not the best way to start off . 
  oh god that 'd be soooooooo lit . 
  same thing happens for me , has only been happening recently , normal launch ps4 with custom hard drive . 
  a bit late to the party but i found the request funny : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzk0wehwo84, 
  good to see milo 's finding something to fill his time . 
  why 's that ? 
  you know a little thing called uranium ? 
  you have to play as them . 
  which lyrics ? 
  ah , i forgot , what 's the implied name of the black girl ? 
  i never got that part . 
  what does the `` hats off '' refer to ? 
  did he act obnoxious in the 8th grade ? 
  ahh , i always assumed `` hats '' was a metaphor for condoms and i was confused about the line from dre afterwards . 
  that 's what i always assumed , seemed too obvious though . 
  ah , thanks anyways . 
  was n't it $ 800,000 ? 
  i thought it seemed like a lot but i guess i got confused by the article just as i woke up . 
  how do you do this ? 
  i 'm sure haha , i 'm learning photoshop right now , how do you go about adding the colors like this ? 
  ah , that makes so much sense , awesome , thanks . 
  i 'm on mobile so it cut the sentence in half , originally read `` man saves baby killer '', 
  he addressed it the other day , he said that they were trying to fix it but the issue was on sony 's side so he did n't have an eta . 
  the fifty one immmmoooooortallls, 
  so a few weeks ago i got a 2tb drive and put it in my ps4 , and put the default drive into the external drive casing that the 2tb came in , but i still have around 100gb of saved videos and screenshots on the 500gb one . 
  my problem is that when i plug in the 500 it wants to reformat it even though it 's an original ps4 hdd , and the reason i 'm plugging it in is because i want to access the saved videos on it . 
  what i 'm asking is , is there any way to just boot up the old hdd and move the saved media over to the new one ? 
  sweet , it 's roughly 15 $ right ? 
  alright , thanks . 
  on ps4 ? 
  the bundle with all 4 pro league packs ? 
  awesome , just got it , thanks, 
  but i want a hug and a donut :(, 
  have it be the first scan does 25 points as normal then nothing . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahaha , so clever and original . 
  treyarch games are usually better than infinity ward games . 
  purple , bordering blue . 
  are n't you supposed to sleep 8 hours ? 
  and many people get less than that regularly ? 
  meaning it 's common to have 16 + hour days ? 
  of course , i just mean that imo treyarch seem to have more integrity in what they put their fans through and generally make good games . 
  fair point . 
  only on console amirite, 
  it 's a joke , whenever anybody has a good play people just comment about how they 're on console and the players are dumber than pc . 
  it 's written like an outraged soccer mom . 
  jokes on you , steep does n't have weapons . 
  what do you do these in ? 
  but people will still argue that cod4 was the best cod . 
  uninstalled the remaster as soon as i finished the campaign . 
  i 'm up for editing videos , should have some free time this week . 
  such a great game , definitely deserves it . 
  have n't played re7 so i ca n't speak on it , but i agree that gta probably does n't deserve to be so high up so long after release , i just mean that i 'm happy it 's getting recognition because it 's one of the best games i 've played in a few years . 
  i 'd like to add that as well as liking the game , i think it deserves success because of how well made and detailed it is , the continued dev support since launch , and just the general care that went into making the game . 
  in the invitational there was a team that would open the pillbox on kanal from the sailboats spawn every round , doubt range is the issue . 
  thanks for mentioning it at least , it 's hard as a player when the developers do n't acknowledge or communicate . 
  it wo n't be, 
  think they may have copy pasted something and forgot to make it singular . 
  what about the matchmaking ? 
  same , do n't even know why i 'm still subbed lol . 
  just came up for me, 
  damn it !, 
  thought this was from the new update . 
  it 's there for me now . 
  ahhh , that explains why the update started so early , i was n't expecting it for another hour . 
  it 's a glitch , either he does n't have the update file at all or just give it a few mins and it should go back . 
  fuck ur wife, 
  live in europe , do n't think i know anyone that has any actual fear of public places or terrorism . 
  is it available for purchase as well ? 
  yup , happened to me months ago because of hibana . 
  `` thanks for giving us $ 60 , here 's $ 10 ! '', 
  yeah lol , i was just joking . 
  or just shoot it normally , garage doors do n't take much with 2-3 people shooting . 
  he can teamkill all he wants but if he says `` i could care less '' again i 'll strangle him . 
  i think it 's wordplay based on `` buck '' also meaning dollar . 
  sorry for the late response but it 's on itunes and an equivalent podcast app for android i assume . 
  anyone else getting tired of these `` hey look it 's a dead body '' posts ? 
  tfw your team 's valk does n't use her cams all round . 
  from my point of view cnn is fake news !, 
  i was gon na say `` that 's seriously impressive if they did '' but i 'll leave it at a `` big if true '' . 
  he said he left due to being benched , speculation is that canadian wants thermite to play slow and control from behind and george is their usual thermite . 
  coastline is in ? 
  interesting ... 
  just won 4-4 on plane bomb , i 'm fine with it . 
  who needs sleep , energy drinks half off right now so i 'm up all night . 
  10 mins , on the hour . 
  nope , left for era , he got benched and changed teams . 
  fps.zed is the only one who 's new to the team from pc . 
  i believe 100k on pc and 50k for each console , not 100 % sure though . 
  ask me anything about how it works , i 'll answer to the best of my ability , they removed pro league from xb because pc is more competitive and higher level than console . 
  they were stalling since there were technical issues .
