  whoa , thanks . 
  i was gon na just use this sub but now i 'll be much more careful . 
  sorry / u/preggit , we need you again . 
  that 's weird , at 1:12 the executioner is called the `` raging judge '' . 
  blips off unless they fire a gun in your vicinity , then they look the same as gang members that are angry at you . 
  well they did say they we 're adding something to do with freemode . 
  that seems a but much , i 'd say maybe like $ 25 - $ 30k . 
  i know what you mean . 
  i was n't very old on 9/11 so it did n't have an impact on me and i never felt that unsafety . 
  so now when i see stuff like this and school shootins and whatnot i always just feel weird about it . 
  ( i do n't live in the us ), 
  the ones made for ps4 might , i use the razer kraken and as far as i can tell there 's no way for me to mute it while in game other than going into a party chat . 
  dang , that 's some heavy stuff . 
  in a weird way though i kinda wish i was older on 9/11 because all it is to me is just one of those things that happed before my time , and therefor does n't really affect me , like ww2 and whatnot . 
  in chuck the fbi are the incompetent unskilled simpeltons who just get in the way . 
  if he said something like `` who is ken m '' that 'd make me think it was ken m more than this . 
  oh , the ds4 does n't have a adapter . 
   specialized tunnel boners, 
  i should go to sleep . 
  i personally think it would be interesting to have reddit on 9/11 . 
  i would personally love this and have been saying it for a long time but them saying that they did n't plan to kinda broke my heart :(, 
  still possible though . 
  i hope they have waayyy more custom games setting with it being on new gen and all , please do n't let old gen hold us back : /, 
  looks like you took more and more acid the longer you went on . 
  i personally think it would be interesting to have reddit on 9/11 . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  ohh , good call . 
  what if you got twins in both wombs ? 
  haha , thanks for repling to my not so serious question . 
  oh , i was looking at the feed and it said he got a kill but never died . 
  yeah , i 'll definetley be more careful . 
  i think it 's weird how the picture for the guns only shows the middle portion of the gun , who 's idea was that ? 
  are n't there gon na be * some * night maps on old gen ? 
  i thought i read about that somewhere . 
  i do n't understand why everyone loves this perk ... ? 
  this is really great . 
  oh that makes sense . 
  i always play with aim assist off so that 's probably why i have n't noticed it before . 
  yeah , it just hurts my soul when i spent more than a second turning around . 
  i do play on console but i always prefer another perk on the map . 
  this looks sooooo fucking amazing . 
  oh , well that sucks . 
  `` hoe , is this shit funny ? '', 
  i prefer the term american-american . 
  ( if only i were here 5 months ago ), 
  holy shit , the iphone 5 came out in 2012 ? 
  i should get a new phone . 
  i think the alt one really sets the theme for the album . 
  which line is censored ? 
  december 18 2015 . 
  i really want to nerf battle drones regardless of if it 's a personal assistant drone . 
  a hispanic , lesbian , atheist president sounds awesome . 
  he said unpleasant . 
  surprisingly probable . 
  that 's a weird thought to me , obama 's been the only president that i ever really noticed and after reading about us presidents it 'll be interesting to see if he 's remembered or he becomes one of those other ones . 
  yeah , i never really thought about what happened to mattiew and when listening to the mmlp2 for the first time i did n't pick up on it when he said mattiew mitchell because i forgot about that line in `` stan '' . 
  thanks . 
  anyone care to explain ? 
  this is pretty hilarious . 
  i have a friend who 's soooo fucking annoying sometimes . 
  we were playing and he was complaining about how hard the map was while listening to literally nothing i said . 
  i have a good strategy for said map and can easily get 30 + on it but he wo n't listen to me then complains that it 's too hard . 
  what does this mean ? 
  ususally my laptop and a handheld speaker . 
  i carry my backpack incase i buy something or i need something in it . 
  muthafuckas act like they forgot about breadsticks . 
  ( when in reality they stole this post ), 
  i was playing with a friend the other day on origins and i could 've gotten jugg and he would 've had 2200 points but instead he hit the box ( he had a mp40 and mg08 ) and said `` i 'll just get jugg later anyway '' . 
  we then went on to down the next round in situations that we would 've survived with jugg . 
  does anyone have the video ? 
  yoyolooed, 
  ( you only yolo once every day ), 
  i 'm hoping the trend is gon na keep on going , i love the betas . 
  cool . 
  there should be a subreddit for these , i 'm laughing so hard right now . 
  this does n't work for me . 
  * on chrome, 
  pretty sure you do n't get any . 
  more people will see this if you make your own post . 
  if only :(, 
  - a very annoyed ps4 player in the eu . 
  i 'm wondering the same question :(, 
  excellent detective work . 
  i love playing it , it 's a lot of fun , but amazing ? 
  yeah , i have n't done it for a while so i did n't remember that part . 
  oh man , do you have a headshot counter ? 
  youtube is leaking . 
  i 'd say origins for the replay-ability . 
  if you 're on ps3 i could help you learn to know origins a bit . 
  source ? 
  is n't / r/unfunny redundant when we already have / r/funny ? 
  oh shit , that looks pretty gnarly . 
  should 've checked first or at least gone over to the deep end . 
  - the pillow, 
  why would you say `` kappa / s '' ? 
  agh , i 've seen people been hit by a shotgun point blank but that was tough . 
  oh god , i know right . 
  dang , me too . 
  it 's weird reading this like it 's ancient history . 
  i remember being at school and i kept updating the 4chan thread .
