  might be stretching if with that one , i 'd have to rewatch bb to make sure though . 
  jesus , i did n't believe you but she really does n't say anything other than that they were 6 to 1 . 
  for an entire minute !, 
  what the fuck . 
  go back to eat 'n' park . 
  you forgot a / c, 
  `` that went from 0 to 6 perkaholics real quick '', 
  lmao , i thought this was standard etiquette . 
  damn it , every time i get upvoted i mess up the title ... is it too late to repost ? 
  yup , i had a 1000 + post a while ago where i messed up `` brake '' and `` break '' . 
  sorry for ruining your day . 
  no he has a mask in the painting, 
  i 'm having a long wait for my bus lmao , it 's not actually that hard , just take ~ 53,000 x 965 / 100, 
  ( xp per level ) x ( number of levels ) / ( xp per knife kill ), 
  i think it 's 7 but yeah . 
  haha . 
  hahaha , i was wondering what the fastest way to get to 1000 would be , and i know you get the most xp for knifing so i was just curious how much you 'd need to do that . 
  you get 50 for body shots , 75 for headshots and 100 for melee kills . 
  ( i hope or this post would be quite the mess up ), 
  theres around 53,000 xp for every level from 35-1000 . 
  ( yesterday as soon as i leveled up i checked and it was at about 52,670 left until my next level . 
  that makes sense , i just heard an interview with kirkman where he said that show was 16/year and comics were 12/year . 
  yup , same amount every level . 
  lol , i 'm trying for that hero armor . 
  super disappointed with the end to that streak . 
  really / u/mrroflwaffles ? 
  e : okay , i get it guys , it 's my fault for not being cautious enough . 
  the point of the post was that i 'm not a huge fan of youtubers putting blatant map spoilers in their titles . 
  i 'm not ` asking to get things spoiled ' , sorry roflwaffles is the only zombies youtuber i 'm subbed to and i 've been trying very hard to avoid spoilers . 
  did n't expect this and was slightly annoyed because all my hard work to avoid spoilers is now void . 
  has it occurred to you that some people may not only be subscribed to zombies youtubers ? 
  i did n't know the razorback would be there though . 
  i did n't go on a zombies channel , it showed up in my sub box . 
  i have n't down voted a single comment here lol . 
  i know i 'm in the wrong . 
  i want to apologize to everyone i offended , and to / u/mrroflwaffles personally . 
  after sleeping on it , it 's not a big deal at all . 
  i have just been trying as hard as i can to avoid any spoilers and felt as if that had been ruined in a completely preventable way . 
  good point, 
  jesus christ , ca n't people have an opinion on this sub without being shunned away ? 
  exactly , soe took nearly 2 weeks to figure out , and it was exciting the entire time . 
  de took like 2 days because seemingly everyone got early access . 
  that 's not what i 'm complaining about , i 'm saying i think it would be more fun for everyone if we all went in blind and it was a community effort to find things in the map . 
  now it 's people trying to find stuff out on their own , with a vast majority of people knowing every nook and cranny of the map before it comes out . 
  but i 'm not saying that i do n't want to know things , i 'm saying i 'd prefer if everyone did n't already know things before the map comes out . 
  lol, 
  posted this yesterday and got downvoted to shit . 
  it does n't matter what internet you have , enjoyment of the game should n't depend on where you live . 
  that 's what i thought ... how weird ... 
  yeah , just edited the op to explain what i meant . 
  yup , if you use 200 % as well it bumps it up to 1200 % boost . 
  i live in a location where there 's nothing available in terms of internet over about 5mb/s . 
  because of where i live . 
  because it becomes 400 % x 200 %, 
  jesus , i 'm saying they should let you preload it , not customize it ... 
  i 'm saying if you wanted to find out , you could know all these things about the map before release . 
  what 's this referring to ? 
  not for season pass owners , did we forget the point of this post ? 
  but you 're in the us are n't you ? 
  yeah , i think in the us you could . 
  i 've seen lots of posts about people not being able to download it . 
  well i 'm not in the us and i could n't ... 
  oh lol , have n't seen bb in a while so i did n't remember her being in that . 
  no , i 'm saying it 'd be better as a community to all start at the beginning , instead we have big youtubers telling us how to do things that would be more fun discovering as a community . 
  it becomes 1200 xp per 100 xp . 
  i tested it several times . 
  oh sorry , i 'm very bad at writing out mathematical concepts . 
  [ alternate version , did n't know what to go with . 
  hahaha , i saw the scene and had to pause immediately and make this . 
  it 's such a perfect fit haha . 
  haha , yes . 
  i was thinking of doing this but i do n't have the appropriate tools to be able to make a transparent image of just his face . 
  ahhh , that makes sense , thanks for clearing that up . 
  yeah , i have a video that showcases the camping spot i was gon na upload a bit later , for now i only have a short 1 minute clip where we 're hanging out there if you just wan na know the location . 
  here 's a video when we 're just there : https://youtu.be/srirwf9fq-m, 
  i 'm also gon na make a full 2 player strategy video that i 'll edit into this comment when the video goes up ( probably 3-4ish hours ), 
  edit : [ here !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0_sn-zhviy ), 
  i was gon na post that too but i thought it was old news haha . 
  [ \\  when i 'm the only person in the history of the sub to get a `` dank '' tag on my post ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lrakgpp.png ), 
  * the * order . 
  the order to have takeo merged with the thrasher, 
  m8 , this is like exactly the same as my post . 
  alternate title : `` when someone tells me they 're a victim of cyberbullying '', 
  i think the one i went with is better . 
  ( also , happy accident perfect loop ), 
  ( also also , [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyndum2grsg ), 
  [ lmao , like i said , not the best tools at my disposal ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ke3j8l7.png ), 
  this is the second post today to use this joke after i posted mine , lol . 
  i have them all after using < 10 ld since yesterday, 
  * stares intently at jet gun *, 
  i 'm so pissed about that finale bullshit . 
  was n't fake , it 's been in the code since launch, 
  eh , 5 to 1 i 'd say . 
  e : to the people downvoting me , the reason i said this is because we got the mp40 already so it 's not impossible for them to add it but not super likely . 
  oh shit , tried to have something of everyone . 
  damn it . 
  thanks !, 
  i totally agree , hope they add all the new weapons to weapon kits for dlc 2 owners . 
  lol , the day someone hits level 2 on the as i 'll eat my hat .
