  next to the `` news , images , videos etc. . . '' tabs on google there should be a `` eli5 '' tab that only links you simple explanations . 
  relevant username, 
  better find herself a professional basketball player . 
  why does the pic look like it 's from the 1880s ? 
  in case you 're not joking , just remind yourself that that 's like 2.5 x what you spent on the game even if you got the most expensive edition . 
  ( not counting the juggernog edition ), 
  24 weeks ? 
  a bit generous are we ? 
  yeah there 's some videos proving that that 's complete bs , even in the first batch of dlc melee weapons a bunch were far superior . 
  it is a lot faster so it 's better than the knife . 
  that . 
  always check if it 's airtight people . 
  there was a video posted a while back of someone using the fury song and it was far superior . 
  sorry i ca n't link , on my phone and it 's 00:51 right now . 
  dude at a minimum wage job i 'd let them go for $ 50 . 
  kinda strange , you know , because she 's a woman . 
  source ? 
  but i mean like the picture quality ? 
  was it lowered on purpose ? 
  look into it , i 'm quite certain that some of them are faster at striking . 
  did he have 2 guns in that scene ? 
  because i 'm quite certain a deagle ca n't hold 12 rounds or whatever it is he shoots . 
  is n't 120 like the average ? 
  i agree , so annoyed by videos that use click bait titles and they wait for like half the video to let you know what the problem is . 
  why ? 
  it 's a really good map . 
  lmao at people downvoting you , that would be dope . 
  ah nice , i have the 7 '' too . 
  do n't you think people remember what post they clicked on after 2 mins of scrolling ? 
  huh , i could have sworn that when i took an iq test they said 120 was average . 
  what is it you do n't like about it ? 
  the biggest argument i 'd get behind is that there 's no new wonder weapons or perks , which i agree is pretty disappointing . 
  lol , i get it if you 're halfway down a thread and need to put your phone or computer away , and you do n't remember when you get back , but i really ca n't imagine not remembering what the thread was about when you 're just reading through the comments . 
  also , if you do forget , literally just scroll back up . 
  agreed , i literally can not think of a single new thing added in this map . 
  however i still think the gameplay 's fun , although a bit easy , at least on solo . 
  it 's worth mentioning that they * did * eventually convince him to do it , just thought it was quite funny . 
  i 'm so glad she did n't have to shoot anyone though , that would have made a huuuge mark on the content they put out and there would probably be some radio silence for quite some time . 
  people would complain like shit but i bet they could make tons of $ $ $ on it . 
  i see what you did there . 
  it 's pretty good , very family friendly but super high production value . 
  biggest annoyance for me as someone who follows a lot of game releases . 
  trying to figure out when a game comes out exactly is such a headache and the companies basically never give any information . 
  oh shit , good job m8 . 
  i know that feeling , i feel like it 's a bit different from d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu though , but yeah , waking up and being 100 % certain that you 've had that dream before , then slowly realizing that you probably actually did n't . 
  it 's strange . 
  basically what zorksus said , i had the but in case people were put off by the `` family friendly '' part . 
  yeah man , ca n't really imagine it but it must feel like you 're going insane . 
  just imagine feeling like you 've travelled through time from a second in the future constantly . 
  yeah , especially since the campaign ended on a cliffhanger lmao . 
  lmao , that 's pretty good . 
  i do n't get that , if you enjoy the post , upvote it . 
  is n't that kinda the point of reddit ? 
  we 're all just random people , equal . 
  yeah , i have one of those too , every day at 6pm i look through my replies for people pointing out my username . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  is there any benefit to green ? 
  just higher contrast ? 
  ok , i understand this might be a scummy way of thinking , but do you get paid to do it ? 
  how much ? 
  lmao , reminds me of a decent , although kinda generic joke i heard a few years ago . 
  `` did your barber tell you to do that ? 
  he seems to be full of bad ideas . '', 
  he was fine . 
  well , as fine as you can be with such a high amount of stupidity . 
  the owner of a store i used to go to a lot called me out at least 2 or 3 times for putting a soda can in my hoodie pocket , where it 's still sticking out . 
  i did it because it was cold and did n't feel like carrying it around but this guy would always stop me and say i had to have it in my hand at all times . 
  shut up, 
  will do it at the end of the year if i do n't forget . 
  why fruit ? 
  damn , what do you call other mundane objects ? 
  is the fridge your `` imminent hypothermia machine '' ? 
  do you call hospitals `` just wait 'till you 're dead '' buildings ? 
  sticks are `` dismembered forest people '' ? 
  no i 'm missing the joke sorry . 
  worth mentioning , i know they 're not gon na do this , and that we 're never gon na see customs on the ps4 or xbone , but it was just a thought i had a while back . 
  ah , that explains why i did n't get it , i did n't know he was gay and i have n't hear the term `` fruit '' for a gay person before . 
  thanks though . 
  yeah i 'm just messing around , living in norway so i 'm just making fun . 
  how 's that ? 
  just people buying the game on pc ? 
  oh , uh , yeah , you were n't joking about that huh , not even a little ... 
  how did he die ? 
  ah man , that 's really terrible , judging from the footage he was in his mid 20s - early 30s . 
  really sucks to see wasted potential like this . 
  awesome , really love az iced tea whenever i 'm in canada and it 's great to see them interacting with people in this way . 
  now to figure out how to import it to where i live . 
  that sounds amazing , is it just when you bring a bag and sprinkle it or do they actually sell an item called dorito \u2122 tacos ? 
  yup , for me or just used to be `` youtube , youtube , youtube , reddit , imgur , imgur , reddit '', 
  had a real good time trying to figure out what they all were . 
  1080 people have upvotedthis , statistically there 's basically no chance a bunch of people who 's birthday is today , have n't upvoted you . 
  i think it is , i would n't be surprised to find out that this is just a screenshot from the movie it a bunch of filters . 
  maybe for revelations ? 
  why does his voice change so suddenly ? 
  interesting . 
  i 've seen this a few times now and i do n't get it , am i the only one who has absolutely no issue finding anything using google ? 
  the photoshop might put this slightly into the uncanny valley . 
  aww hey look it 's a cute kitty . 
  like , if you win 600k just give your kid $ 1000 , he 's not gon na complain at that age and it 's not like he 's gon na be buying a tesla or anything . 
   i have a deactivated bazooka round from my grandfather,
