  wait really ? 
  i 've seen it linked countless times , mostly as a joke , i never actually checked it out . 
  yeah i think it 's jut supposed to be a random selection of stuff and words . 
  that 's pretty great , but the thought of a duffel bag full of seals makes me happy inside . 
  such a strange thing , maybe our brains just hate the knowledge that we 're at such a high altitude over solid ground . 
  ah , that explains it . 
  yeah but like what are the chances of a creature coming up from a continental shelf to eat you ? 
  also they 're called deep sea creatures because they normally stay in the deep sea . 
  true that . 
  it 's good man , i got it :p, 
  yeah lol , there 's pretty much no situation you 'll get in that 's faster to load previous save than to just go back to wherever you 're trying to go . 
  good points , i definitely agree that * fuck swimming over that abyss * , and with your points here . 
  [ i was just kinda poking fun at the thought of a kraken sneaking up from the depths to eat you , it seemed a bit silly . 
  macs can run games just fine if you install windows , but yeah i agree that if he 's running osx it 's a bit silly . 
  yeah , it 's not actually that bad of an idea . 
  usually i do it on paper if i 'm doing it co-op because i do n't like having my laptop up when i 'm talking to people and playing zombies so that 's why i was asking for something simpler . 
  at that point i hope they get polio from an onion . 
  [ yeah lmao thanks . 
  did you just * fucking * assume their gender ? 
  honestly this might be more of a spoiler than / u/yoder _ of_kansas ' post . 
  ah sorry , did a quick skim of the rules but missed that one since it 's at the bottom , i 'll delete it !, 
  not my girlfriend but i agree . 
  yeah , if you wan na spend $ 350 on a ssd though . 
   on ps4 at least . 
  yeah but the default ps4 hdd is 500gb and that fills up * fast * , i literally have 4 games installed and i have like 40gb left . 
  the $ 350 was for a 1tb ssd i looked up so it might be a bit excessive , but even for a 500gb one which is the smallest i 'd want in a ps4 it 'd be around $ 200 - $ 250, 
  sorry for spending my money differently than you . 
  pretty strange question , i know , what i mean is an efficient way of conveying information that you may not think of at first . 
  ** example : ** * when blindfolded for a video * `` as you can see , we ca n't '', 
  - rhett and/or link, 
  it 's pretty common in speech ( or at least shortening the `` have '' ) but yeah , works well in text . 
  it was n't really part of the campaign but was counted as it since it did n't have it 's own menu or anything . 
  also i really like the new zombies games , although i get why many people do n't like them i think it 's probably some of the best content put out by any of the cod devs . 
  curious to see how iw zombies turns out . 
  interesting , i 've only ever hear bad things about it from most people i know . 
  they said it was boring and lacked content . 
  maybe i 'll check it out to see if it 's actually good . 
  i 'd say bo3 is also pretty good . 
  although the microtransactions are pretty annoying the multiplayer is pretty fun and innovative and the zombies mode is the best we 've had so far imo . 
  i agree too but never really say anything about it since everyone praises cod4 or mw2 instead . 
  what was it you did n't like ? 
  the multiplayer , campaign or zombies ? 
  or just that you did n't like any of it ? 
  which one ? 
  honestly iw looks like infinity ward are going back to what made ghosts bad , but i 'm gon na stay optimistic 'til i play the beta next weekend . 
  yeah , i 'm sad that zombies needs to be connected to the cod name because it 's so amazing and most people brush it off because they correlate it with call of duty . 
  same thing with 3arc games on a larger scale too , most of the time they 're better than what iw and shg are coming out with , but get pulled down in peoples mind because they do n't know about the dev cycle . 
  for example most people who played the bo3 beta last year said that it surprised them and that they had written off cod until then . 
  interesting , i 've only ever seen praise for the games but never played them myself . 
  i see what you 're saying but that system does n't really work well with how i play video games . 
  i get that you can get a cheaper one but i prefer having more than a few games at a time and with things like [ this ] ( http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2016-10-05-call-of-duty-infinite-warfare-modern-warfare-remastered-130gb-minimum ) , i 'd prefer to have at least 500gb . 
  yeah i see that , i replied like that because the comment i was replying to was referring to ps4 so i kinda assumed it was clear what i was talking about . 
  i agree that pc is far superior but that 's not what i meant in my other comment . 
  love the multiplayer too , i 'll try out the campaign though , because if it 's good that means i wo n't hate 100 % ing so i can have the trifecta with zombies and mp . 
  ah , there you go , the ones i was looking at anyways in my country were that price , plus that one has $ 57 in shipping to get here so it would still be over $ 200 . 
  i just mean the games i play , like bo3 with all the dlcs is nearly 90gb , bf4 with dlcs is 70-80 i think , before i deleted it advanced warfare was 78gb . 
  it 's obviously a matter of what games you play but a smaller one just does n't work for me . 
  i do n't even know what that means . 
  i 'm uncertain about how to even begin to try pronouncing this . 
  ah interesting , i kinda figured it would be that but i was also wondering if it had any practical value , like for picking how many of something you want . 
  that 's true , the only thing i 'd really like an ssd for is just running the os faster . 
  anyone who plays a lot of ps4 will understand when i say it gets laggy and slow as * fuck * when you 're playing a game and try going to the menu or save a screenshot or something . 
  i notice the difference myself , but saying that most people do is stretching it quite a bit . 
  yeah probably lol , that 's why i was confused because for that use it seems like it would just be inconvenient . 
  no but it should install automatically when you put in a new hard drive . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you 're asking . 
  oh god how amazing would that be !, 
  please netflix !, 
  why ? 
  ahhh if this is true i 'll be super disappointed . 
  was really looking forward to this game because i loved mafia 2 but if it 's stiff in the controls and the ai is bad i 'm not too convinced to buy it . 
  yeah i was n't sure if i should post it to this sub , it 's basically just the last line that compelled me . 
  if any of the mods do n't like it i 'll delete it . 
  jeez those ducks look so hilarious and stupid . 
  looks like john snow lmao . 
  oh god , that 's just the kind of thing i can imagine myself saying on the spot like that , but man that 's pretty bad . 
  ahhh , that clears things up then haha . 
  yeah i do n't know if you can have a ` supplement ' like that for the ps4 , would be nice though , that 's be great for a select few games that really get on my nerves with their loading times . 
  i 'm looking at you * just cause 3 * . 
  ca n't you get macs that can handle games fairly easily ? 
  if that 's the case then i 'm definitely in the wrong here . 
  yeah i see that , i was a bit confused about why they went that way but i still think it 's a lot better than ` it was all a dream ' or something like that , like you said . 
  for me it was a perfect ending in a way because the last few episodes left me very sad and anxious about how they would resolve it and it turned out well . 
  would n't mind a movie though just to show what happens a bit afterwards . 
  great for assassinating , very light , virtually no recoil , fits right in your pocket or coat , if you get sub-sonic rounds and a suppressor it 's nearly inaudible , and it can kill !, 
  i 'd stomp a puppy for $ 18 !, 
  reminds me of [ this anti-rape device ] ( http://i.imgur.com/857nk3u.png ) that women would put in their vaginas . 
  bonus fact : i now have `` rapecondom.jpg '' saved to my desktop . 
  yeah , i 've seen my fair share of subs gone bad from an influx of users but this one seems really good so far . 
  ( although admittedly i am one of those new users ), 
  holy fuck that cat was lucky as shit . 
  mine would be / r/reverseanimalrescue, 
  bad people steal a super weapon and try to take over the world but not if our merry band of heroes can help it . 
  i was mostly talking about the multiplayers though . 
  probably not , seems like it would be uncomfortable and very improbable to come of any use . 
  just remember seeing the pic a while ago and thought it was relevant . 
  yeah i bet , i was n't really factoring in cost here but yeah , pc is definitely better . 
  yeah , i would be interested in getting it for ps4 , but still , 30fps is a bit of a strain on my willingness to continue with the game . 
  i 'll look into it if it goes on sale . 
  that 's true .
