  why would you put it there ? 
  i did n't notice a difference , i used both in the video though . 
  i 'm sitting in class trying extremely hard not to . 
  yeah , that 's what i figured , i did n't bother with that . 
  spent about an hour on this last night . 
  oh thanks . 
  i was wondering about that . 
  also do you know what the `` anchor '' mode does ? 
  i did n't test it out and i could n't make sense of it . 
  well , some people have signers at their concerts so i would imagine so . 
  that 'd actually be pretty cool , i do have like 4 or 5 friends on ps4 though that i could play with . 
  this is so cute , it also makes me miss my cat : s, 
  hey , i 'm playing fo3 for the first time and this is pretty much me . 
  ( no joke , i 've played about 30 hours and have done 5 quests ), 
  i think you guys got nuked . 
  this was this summer back when i had just gotten bf4 and i did n't know you could change it . 
  he * could * . 
  it automatically started reloading when i held square to open the door , that 's why i went for the knife . 
  yeah , i thought it was pretty cool . 
  indeed , it 's a new way to play in freemode lobbies . 
  in integrates fun mini-games into the open world in a great way . 
  haha , i have about 50 saves on my ps3 at the moment , never know when you 'll need them . 
  an unbalanced individual being shot . 
  is it back yet ? 
  she was a pig anyway . 
  oh , thanks . 
  i 've been wondering for a while now when he would get time to counter knife in that animation . 
  it automatically reloaded when i opened the door . 
  i mean , the plane is ( loosely ) based on the harrier , not the f35 . 
  holy shit , is n't it just the worst though ? 
  were any mods used for this other than the car ? 
  yeah , i love how they have it in cod because it 's often very risky . 
  there 's that one video of the tiny , fluffy puppy that 's making amazingly cute noises while it 's sleeping on its back . 
  i thought it was an interesting video involving 2 mainstream zombies youtubers . 
  apparantly it counted as a `` jump knife '' and he could n't counter knife after all . 
  haha , on ps4 you use the square button to open doors and reload . 
  sorry , me too . 
  please learn to type . 
  how about the ability to turn off quick recording ? 
  feels so awkward to use the touch pad in my opinion . 
  i agree with your point but flying a heli is usually less stressful than being in a car chase . 
  haha , `` refreshing '' . 
  that shit looks radioactive af . 
  ( i noticed my misspelling but i 'm not changing it ), 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjb8ewwejn4 ), 
  credit to / u/xerator for the clip . 
  edit : changed the link to his video instead . 
  haha , this is scarily true . 
  [ slow-mo version . 
  did n't know he had a reddit account so i did n't credit him , i 'll edit my source post . 
  my friend has my live reaction to the first time i ever saw the clip , if anyone cares i 'll try making him upload it so i can post it here . 
  i think so , not sure though . 
  i do n't belive there is , i 'm on ps4 and there 's not . 
  ( i did n't make the clip ), 
  did n't realize you had a reddit account at first so it took me a while to credit you , amazing clip though . 
  i 'll pester him :p, 
  ( it might be partly in norwegian but you 'll get the gist ), 
  edit : he said he 'd get it to me later but i 'm going to bed now , i 'll update when he sends it . 
  could you link me to your video instead and i 'll add it ? 
  the one i have now is the one on / u/stonemountain64 's channel . 
  he does , it 's just extremely quiet . 
  that 's what i usually have . 
  * before you hit the c4 *, 
  having a cold . 
  it 's pc . 
  you can tell from the bottom part of the hud that shows the controls . 
  birdemic, 
  thought it said `` internet camper '' and was confused for a second . 
  thanks man , sweet . 
  just me or is this some real title gore ? 
  are his hands okay ? 
  i saw a picture the other day of his face covered but his hands were visible and i though that was a no-no . 
  `` you look like freddy kruger face-fucked a topographical map of utah . '', 
  it was a crew event and when the car hits water you do n't have to pay so i think they just had a good laugh . 
  the bank in the middle of the city . 
  not sure what it 's called in real life but in game it 's called the `` maze bank tower '' . 
  if you ever play the game i 'm sure you 'll be very impressed with the detail rockstar have . 
  if you 're really interested you could look up something like `` gta vs real life comparison '' or something . 
  they also continuously talked about how he `` made the game , depicting a shooting in his school '' when it was just a custom map he made . 
  #  obviously 2025, 
  ah , yes . 
  i 'm that way with the mutliplayer , although i rarely play in random sessions with other random players . 
  i 've seen enough / r/watchpeopledie to expect a different outcome to this . 
  sick reference bro . 
  exactly !, 
  can we please stop this drawn-out circlejerk and promote some actual discussion in this sub ? 
  i mean the circlejerk that is `` what do you mean ? 
  this is obviously a true story '' that hinders interesting discussions about the post . 
  yeah . 
  i live relatively close and it 's still very beautiful . 
  if you look at the trees in the original photo though you can see how out of place it looks . 
  i 'd say just power through it for the finale . 
  it 's amazing in my opinion and s4 does get very interesting and all your questions get answered at the end . 
  * cough * lost, 
  they 've talked about it for a while now but not sure what they 're going to do with it . 
  sorry to tell you but it does n't really happen . 
  next time you 're helping him with his computer tell him how useless he is . 
  never overestimate the availability of lava . 
  the blue stripes stand out too much , i thought the same thing . 
  last time this was posted , someone said it was because cameras are often wider angled so your face looks wider in photos than real life/mirrors .
