  they 'd make a lot of money from people buying playstations and ps + but would still make less than from the game . 
  oh , i 'm my own worst enemy , i commented before i finished the post ... 
  ah , round 6 is numbered ? 
  there 's certainly a lot of change . 
  perks are randomized . 
  ah shit , that reminds me that i was supposed to have a uav thing show up after he got the kills . 
  gulls on the beach . 
  i wish we , as a sub did more things like this . 
  i 'd be down for this in a few hours for ps4 . 
  talking about piracy 's not permitted in this sub ( i learned the hard way ) but pm me for some info if you want . 
  okay, 
  thanks , never had it before but i think i 'd have a pretty high tolerance because i 'm pretty tall . 
  ugh , really ... ? 
  haha , thanks man . 
  haha , i tried for a bit but i ended up having a very chill gaming session with my buddy . 
  oh man that sounds insane , 10k is pretty amazing . 
  i would n't mind doing more but the supply is very limited at the moment lol . 
  i 'm in it . 
  wow , i 'm like a minute at least , you should get that checked out . 
  ahh memories of watching the simpsons with my sister in front of our shitty old tv late at night . 
  nostalgia is pretty wierd ... 
  this is horrible and all but to me the term `` breeding bitch '' is hilarious . 
  i like dick . 
  i swear , every time i say something serious ... 
  idk , i just thought nicholas was a good name for one of the people to kill . 
  yes . 
  haha , i like the way you think . 
  it 's actually a term used commonly in cs and fps games that basically means that you killed someone through a wall and is ofter considered cheating ( because there 's obviously no way to see through the wall ), 
  norway probably , it 's 02:25 here now so i 'm not sure what 's up . 
  probably worth noting that i 'm downloading the giant and nuk3town . 
  still happening to me , any way around it ? 
  mine might fit better as a halloween story but here it is :, 
  so it was only 4 days , 15 hours , 23 minutes and 30 seconds before launch , i had been looking at my playstation for the last 20 hours straight . 
  the pre-load just would n't start ... no matter what i did it would n't start , i tried downloading from the website , from my library on the playstation , downloading it from the store on my playstation ... and with only 4 days , 15 hours , 21 minutes , and 20 seconds , i shook in fear of my 300kbps internet . 
  at first i was like meh , but after thinking about what it 'd be like with the booster packs . 
  pls treyarch . 
  watch yahtzee 's video on jc2 , it 's great . 
  i 'm down on ps3 lol, 
  i 'm disappointed that no one linked the clip from we 're the millers . 
  ( on mobile , i 'll find it, 
  later if no one else does ), 
  it would be extremely painful, 
  oh nice , the color scheme was great as well , now i 'm interested in seeing a completely white ls with bright red things all over . 
  i have one now but it gives does n't change my connection . 
  ( if not make it slower ) that 's why i wanted to get a new one . 
  the thing is that my internet is like 300kbps and if i wait any longer i wo n't have time to pre-load before it comes out . 
  not sure if i can cancel it and i 've spent all my money on psn cards already . 
  how long is midnight ? 
  for me it 's not for another 10 hours :(, 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0hka5aa4iq ) with my great reaction . 
  oh shit , thanks so much , greatly appreciated . 
  well it was in my friends storage room for got knows how many years so that might be the problem . 
  haha , i did n't even know until now that i got a double kill . 
  and mine wo n't preload ... can i borrow 1/5 of yours ? 
  i think it 's just different people getting in the driver seat . 
  yeah , i should 've done the entire scene . 
  wait , was n't bo2 30fps ? 
  nice we wrapped this up ... 
  like he was gon na die . 
  what ... ? 
  how have n't i noticed this ? 
  well then why do you need the fucking disc to play it ? 
  probably just reading off the store . 
  that makes me wonder if they 'll have dlc specialsts, 
  wow , i 've been playing every game since mw2 and i 've never heard that before . 
  waiting for 3 days for it to download because my preload does n't work . 
  yeah , the only disk games i have are games i got for free or that i got on sale cheaper than the ps store . 
  `` i swear honey , it 's for noodles '', 
  got ta rep the sub too !, 
  just message him , 
  really ? 
  i thought it was hilarious . 
  if you delete your already installed giant and nuk3town then go to ps store the download button will show up and you can get the theme but not the full game ... * yet *, 
  looks great !, 
  thanks . 
  haha , yeah . 
  i played with two of my friends for maybe 4 hours yesterday and had a ton of fun and random moments , i wish i could post it all here to this sub . 
  yeah , it seems like he 's really aware of everything we know/think about the game and messes with us for it . 
  i wish i were on desktop so i could tag you fap mod . 
  edit : [ here you go . 
  and then you have to stab the security guard 9 times , ugh , why do grocery stores need to do this ? 
  when my cousin was in afghanistan they took away their toothpaste even though they had to carry m4s and 100s of rounds with them at all times . 
  jaywalking turrist, 
  well in cod you can for some reason just shoot even though he starts with the wrong one . 
  he 's a redditor supposedly . 
  why is this still a thing ... ? 
  it 's giving me extreme anxeity that i wo n't be able to pre-load it in time . 
  although ghosts 2 might not be terrible it 'll sell like it is because of the name attached to it so it 'll be a bad move by iw . 
  no , i could n't preload until today and the initial 12gbs has 14 hours left right now . 
  yeah , that 's why i 've been pissed about whatever happened to the eu preload . 
  hope so , rip youtube channel if the game is n't even finished when it comes out . 
  it dropped to 9-10 hours after the comment and rest mode saves time so it should be good . 
  is zombies the 12gbs ? 
  that 's all i care about really . 
  i happened to have thursday and friday off and i 'm so excited . 
  haha , i did one as well , more inspired by mw2 . 
  pretty sure i 've seen it before and it 's freaking out because it bit itself . 
  thanks !, 
  plus if you eat the shell you get more vitamins, 
  think the hentai wonderweapon was replaced by the wunderwaffe because last gen ca n't process it .
