  sorry , did n't mean to come off as rude to you , was just making fun of all the people outraged that he did n't delete his main channel . 
  i know this is a joke , but do any movies nowadays actually have trigger warnings ? 
  almost as though there 's more than one person in america with both of these opinions . 
  seems like you sure are . 
  to be fair , that is hilarious . 
  which ones ? 
  i 'm not against the idea of it but i ca n't recall any recent ones . 
  i do n't know if you meant that it would be a bad idea for him , or that he should get a real job , sorry . 
  well , he used to , now he mainly makes videos where he just talks about stuff and calls out stupid things he does n't like , like the other day a bunch of media outlets called him a racist/nazi/white supremacist because he mentioned that he was white and youtube wanted someone `` diverse '' as the mose subscribed , and he made a great rant video where he called out a bunch of news outlets for their bad reporting . 
  do n't you think he could have gained 400,000 subs on his own without making that video ? 
  i do n't know why , but i had n't even noticed he does gameplay videos , i 'm subscribed to a ton of channels so i guess my mind just filters them out , i really only watch his vlogs/rants/talking about stuff videos , in which case i guess i was wrong about why people dislike him . 
  also , i did n't downvote you . 
  seemed like a very defensive comment for a joke , i do n't know you though , sorry if i came off as rude . 
  i feel like that 's more just wb covering their ass so people do n't get outraged by `` offensive '' cartoons . 
  this looks absolutely amazing , the only thing , and i do n't know how feasible this is at all , would it be possible to add friends and start a `` session '' so that you both have the map open and you could ping somewhere so they can see it on their phone ? 
  would be a great substitute for just the normal ping feature in game . 
  also it would be cool if tapping on cameras when you have them on made it so there 's a little icon or something that says that the camera 's dead . 
  great work in such short time and i 'd be ecstatic to get my hands on it . 
  awesome !, 
  there 's some other things i 'd like in an app but it 'd need to be an official app , like customizing load outs and redeeming uplay challenges . 
  this reminds me so much of the `` giraffes are dumb '' guy lol . 
  well , technically ... 
  yeah , tear gas does something similar iirc , my cousin from the army said that their instructor would tear gas them when they finished a run or hike since they were all sweaty and it would burn their skin . 
  that second picture reminds me of bf1 . 
   asshole heaven, 
  pretty sure that 's just hell ... 
  look at mr. `` jlaw is too ugly for me '' over here . 
  i literally do n't care if you watch him or not , i 'm just saying that judging him based on how he was 3 years ago and 2 videos he 's made recently is idiotic . 
  yeah , shoulder length hair is awesome for some reason . 
  you 're gon na surprise 5 people in a tiny room ? 
  easily ? 
  just in case you did n't get it from the comments , they should n't have reinforced the kids room . 
  woah , why so hostile ? 
  what 's wrong with wearing makeup ? 
  as someone said in another thread ; i 'm not entirely convinced they are n't just aliens that never left . 
  yeah , what 's with most companies forcing changes on their users and removing any possibly customization ? 
  source ? 
  they mentioned there are some `` changes '' to tachanka . 
  why would they need the voice actor back ? 
  obviously it 's cool to have him back for the announcement but do you think he has any new lines for whatever reason ? 
  lol , back in 5.0 someone said it would be halfway through december , did n't expect them to be so accurate . 
  oh sorry , i meant they 're different , the people producing porn and the people being outraged about sex in movies . 
  this is what ubi should be doing , it would be a great time for them to launch a mobile app , good thing there 's talented people , like op , in our community . 
  honestly , if you 're not in the game for more than one round you should n't lose or gain any rank points . 
  yeah , castle 's a big reason for this , very often he 's not very useful but sometimes i 'll notice my team wants a room that he can be very useful in , after the time has run out and i ca n't swap to him . 
  just for future reference , commonly suggested updates are :, 
  - lighting fix, 
  - tachanka buff, 
  - pulse nerf, 
  - fixing the shock drone, 
  - making destruction and smoke serverside, 
  - lowering time it takes to spot an enemy, 
  - fixing barricades, 
  - general spetsnaz buff, 
  lmfao , i just realized that they gave us `` buff tachanka '' instead of `` tachanka buff '', 
  no i mean iding , like at the beginning of a round you 'll often know many of the ops before they 're tagged at the top of the hud . 
  3 speed , wall hacks , no counter except for iq and that 's just a worse version of his equipment at that point , shotgun , really good smg and c4 . 
  imo at least remove the c4 . 
  this is what i was referring to , yes . 
  why did n't you save the clip ? 
  i just mean unless you actually play the outcome of the game should n't affect your rank . 
  ah yeah , it 's a bit fucky sometimes , i accidentally set it to save the last 60 minutes of recording a while back and when i looked the other day i had 100gb of gameplay saved lmao . 
  lmao , how do you get your friends so loud ? 
  my friends are always super quiet in my recordings for siege . 
  ah , right , that 's probably why . 
  a little annoying though , since me and my friends mostly speak norwegian i do n't wan na crowd the game with norwegian jokes and whatnot . 
  the pic 's from 2013 too , do n't know if she was alive at the time . 
  fucked it up , take it down boys . 
  lol , always middle , front and back , or just front and back , depending on size . 
  ok , thanks for the reply . 
  so a recount would n't actually do anything for illegal votes ? 
  that explains a lot , thanks . 
  fair point . 
  not that i disagree , but this sub is n't for hate , it 's for discussion . 
  yup , i have a clip i was gon na upload here where it takes 20 seconds to equip an attachment on 2 weapons . 
  ui overhaul is # 2 on my wishlist for year 2 , right behind th revamp . 
  i 'm not always done in 2 seconds . 
  chosing op , planning strat , chosing equipment and attatchments , swapping attatchments , looking at my phone . 
  many things can cause me to be late . 
  you can die from taking too much anything . 
  ah , that 's today , huh . 
  i thought this was a weird race joke for a second and was really confused . 
  the noose ? 
  honestly this could 've been a gif . 
  isis could attack ubisoft for portraying them unfavorably , what about that ? 
  there 's 4 different `` normal terrorist skins, 
  yeah , it 's just what happens so you can join ... 
  what about this makes you think it 's because they 're on console ? 
  it does n't for enemies . 
  really ? 
  i could 've sworn that it 's only there is they step on a frost trap or go outside . 
  not many young children play rainbow six though ... 
  just hacked the ubisoft mainframe and it looks like you missed one :, 
   - tachanka 's turret now has pulse 's heartbeat sensor attached and the range has been increased to 75m, 
  cet then ? 
  dope . 
  `` deploying mounted bayonet gun '', 
  how do you know that ? 
  if there 's a buff they more than likely made him record more lines for however they buffed him . 
  oh that 's what the 7 is ...
