  looks like that is the `` special '' section of the zoo . 
  two of them are eating air/dirt one of them ate the others arm and that one did n't give a shit . 
  mrw i 'm invisible and eating some noodles , but i realize i forgot to take my epilepsy medication and my rommate is hosting a rave . 
  ~ ~ i drop everything to take it but it 's too late ~ ~, 
  exactly , most games now a days have at least an hour intro for you to get used to the game , this one kinda has the same thing while in vault 101 but after that you can just do what you want and it 's so much fun . 
  i loved that part so much . 
  i have the same thing to a different extent . 
  a few weeks ago i was visiting my grandmother with my mom and when i walked out of my room in the morning she just looked at me and said `` i actually thought you were you 're father for a second there '' . 
  they 've been divorced for 9 years but i guess things like that stick . 
  i 'll definitely look into that after i finish fo3 . 
  i currently have enough money for fo4 that i think i 'll get . 
  but if i find any other ones cheap i 'll probably get them as well . 
  ( random side note , i 'm redditing right now because i 'm over encumbered 913/250 and trying to walk from fort independence to tenpenny tower . 
  oh sweet , might do that . 
  i did kill a bunch of ghouls in a subway a bit west i think . 
  i 'll go north though . 
  oh shit you can do that ? 
  the robots ? 
  that robot salesman guy is a dick though . 
  the first time i talked to him i had like 200 caps and he wanted to sell the robot to me , but now that i have like 2500 caps he says that the robot does n't like me . 
  i already got to tenpenny but i 'll put it all back on my inventory to show you how much it was . 
  ahhh , that makes sense . 
  i 've killed pretty much everyone i could . 
  do n't know how to get my karma back up though . 
  how do you get it back up ? 
  yup , took every person at fort independence 's power armour . 
  i have every dlc for both games actually . 
  yeah , apparantly there 's a ghoul settlement to the north that i 'm venturing towards . 
  oh really ? 
  i released some slaves , hopefully it 'll get back up soonish . 
  i killed some `` feral ghouls '' or something by a subway , if that 's not what you 're referencing i do n't know . 
  yeah , i 've only done a few missions on the witcher just because i ca n't get into it yet . 
  haha , yeah . 
  i have killed a lot of people . 
  yeah , he 's dead and i 'm wearing his suit . 
  of course . 
  ehhhhh . 
  good idea , i looked around but did n't find anything . 
  any idea where to find it ? 
  i 'm on ps3 so i ca n't do that :(, 
  they said you 'd have options to customize lobbies like you 'd want but not sure what they meant by that . 
  looks like he did n't need any more * drag * . 
  i killed him after about half an hour . 
  feel like i might 've missed out on something . 
  `` no , no . 
  i kill the bus driver '', 
  do you know the twist ? 
  ken ? 
  is that you ? 
  pretty much my reaction , in the video that had my voice recording as well you can just hear me say `` what the f - oh ... '', 
  i was going to but i thought it was a very nice way to sum up my experience playing bf . 
  i do something amazing just to immediately get shut down . 
  yeah . 
  after watching it a few times i think it was that guys jihad quad that backfired . 
  i could make a shorter version of it if you really wanted . 
  i 'm surprised there were n't , there usually is on ps4 as well . 
  i was surprised as well , caught a lucky break in this gif i guess . 
  interesting . 
  haha , yeah . 
  thanks . 
  actually it was just that i honestly did n't belive it would hit . 
  i might do that ... 
  edit : fuck it , [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6r2ijerh-0 ), 
  i also pronounced it in a weird way because i was talking to a norwegian friend and i was super surprised that i hit the shot, 
  i honestly was kinda wishing he just randomly was a redditor and saved the clip as well . 
  pretty sure it 's battlefield . 
  haha , i guess this is my only post today that fits those two criteria :p, 
  well yeah but this was in hardcore so you ca n't spot anyway . 
  i get it , thanks . 
  damn , yeah he was harsh about that . 
  what happened ? 
  yeahhh . 
  i 'm honestly kind of a psyco in fallout ... 
  oh yeah , i meant that metro is n't ideal for looking at the map . 
  yeah , that sounds really awesome !, 
  yeah , it 's the only way i can get kills . 
  it does kinda ruin other games for me that have lower sensitivity . 
  oh shit , this has been one of the main things people have used to make fun of this game since launch . 
  that 's already a thing in the game . 
  ah thanks , i stopped playing the game because of this glitch . 
  now maybe i 'll play again . 
  haha , i actually think i over-reacted . 
  i think it actually did download but did n't show up on my downloads screen because it only has about 30 mins left, 
  oh my god . 
  louie c.k. 
  on child molesters is the most amazing thing i 've ever seen in my life . 
  it 's the most offencive , hilarious thing ever . 
  some say it still is . 
  i know the transitions were weird , i did n't love the controls , it felt really awkward to try moving the camera around . 
  yeah , i did n't figure out how to cut out parts of the video , do you have any idea ? 
  but like , the camera movement felt really awkward , it was n't really the controller that much . 
  i think i 'll get better with practice though . 
  * this * is what i meant for everyone who downvoted me the other day . 
  i have no idea what 's going on in this clip , but it 's amazing . 
  i feel your pain man . 
  i wish you the best in terms of gta :p, 
  i feel like he was all like `` well shit , i actually got it . 
  better draw something '' . 
  put your phone in your fucking pocket then .
