  oh ok , thanks . 
  holy shit , that first gif is insane !, 
  oh man , i 'd suck a bag of dicks , my internet is like 3mbps down on a good day . 
  * crazy * ideas . 
  yeah , my school has like 80mbps so that 's pretty nice . 
  [ just 'cause !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/pz2cnldkvpi?t=21s ), 
  thanks :p, 
  i 'm always afraid the gif wo n't flow as well as i 'd like . 
  i think this one turned out well . 
  shitpost of the day . 
  not when you use the servant and sword the whole time . 
  and in mw3 . 
  [ i found one in black ops 3 recently . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/blackops3/comments/3ugx5m/found_a_cool_lost_easter_egg_on_the_manowar_sorry/ ), 
  i will in the morning if no one else has yet . 
  why is this getting upvoted ? 
  that aspect ratio though . 
  now with 19 more pixels !, 
  lol , it does n't bug me , just stood out to me . 
  i 'd rather see some interesting clips or gifs by people than what this sub has come to . 
  some fun moments from people gaming , and not people getting pissed at each other for the smallest things . 
  yes , that 's what i was referencing . 
  once i dropped one with a mini nuke ( after quick saving of course ) and a knight just walked out and told me about how we 're gon na defeat the institute . 
  paul fucking blart : mall cop, 
  it 's a glitch where it lags you out of the game even when you 're offline . 
  do n't know what causes it . 
   the problem with zombies youtubers, 
   links to youtubers video, 
  is it really any different than just dying normally ? 
  yeah but i meant how is this any more waste of time than dying ? 
  oh alright . 
  it 's pretty fickle , sometimes it does and sometimes it does n't . 
  you 've done the first ritual over 500 times ? 
  lmao, 
  haha , that 's great . 
  i 've heard it 's gon na be ww1 . 
  i 've heard it 's gon na be ww1 . 
  lol , sorry . 
  lol , sorry about that , do n't see why i 'm getting downvoted though . 
  constructive criticism is welcome . 
  oooh , i might do that . 
  i always wonder what font to use , i can never seem to find one that just looks good . 
  hey guys it 's [ insert relevant youtuber here ] and today i have a brand new easter egg to show you , it 's the new `` earthquake ee '' !, 
  what the fuck ? 
  yeah , i usually use dafont . 
  yeah , i find that funny . 
  although ww1 does n't sound amazing to me either . 
  yeah , i was debating wether or not to have it like that . 
  ah man , good point . 
  15 second caps are the bane of my existence . 
  might make this next . 
  really ? 
  it told me it was 15.80 s long and i could n't upload it . 
  i 'll try this in the morning . 
  also watching it haha , the despecialized editions are amazing . 
  what ? 
  no , it took me 15 minutes to post this after i recorded it . 
  it continued for the rest of the game . 
  downvoted because you definitley should n't have been able to make that jump . 
  tons of people . 
  i 'd say it 's not worth being mega , let along ultra-rare . 
  it 's not even that useful . 
  [ but i wan na upvote you dammit !, 
  at least 4 ? 
  so you always redscreen or down ? 
  what the actual fuck are you talking about ? 
  exactly , it 's really cool , not that good . 
  is what a gobblegum reward ? 
  i have my window open every night , in norway . 
  not a lot , live in a tiny apartments though . 
  i like waking up with warm covers and it being cold in my room , fucking sucks getting out of the shower though . 
  haha , it 's good , just was very confusing . 
  yes . 
  i 'd rather do an upvote . 
  haha thanks , i tried doing the upvote thing but my editing software is too restricting and i 'm not very good at it . 
  i got 37 with a friend doing the challenge described above . 
  yeah , i got that a lot on my other post . 
  will use a different font next time . 
  button says elevator is unavailable , ca n't fast travel . 
  reloading a previous save fixed it though , thanks . 
  pretty dead at the moment , i quicksaved before killing him and tried killing every institute member , there 's so many of them . 
  why is this my first time hearing of this !, 
  yeah , when even an actor like sam jackson has shitty lines in that movie you know it 's not their fault . 
  i 've never heard of bulletproof guns , they 'd definitely win . 
  they also changed the dagon 's glare to only reload 2 shells at a time instead of 4 or 6 or whatever it was . 
  seems more annoying to me than useful , might be why they scrapped it . 
  training your screen would be completely fucked . 
  i spent mine doing challenges with friends , think my highest round was 37 this weekend . 
  eh , it was really op and now if you have fast mags and speed cola it 's still really fast . 
  yeah me too , the only thing i still need to reach max level on is the bowie knife , fuck that weapon . 
  and somehow does n't kill an enemy 3 levels over me . 
  yeah , that would make more sense . 
  but it 's actually really good for a burst weapon , the xm-53 is n't bad either , it 's just training and patience . 
  i recently re-watched both the trilogies and i 'd say he looks better in indiana jones , no homo . 
  nice try marcia lucas . 
  ah that 's probably why then , i 'll test a bit later . 
  doubt it , does n't seem logical for them to add a completely new game mechanic just for a single perk on a single map . 
  ah man , what an annoying down . 
  i feel like stuff like this gets me downed too often .
