  lmao , that 's great . 
  do we have any more scraps now ? 
  why 's that ? 
  lmao . 
  or a more ambiguous one , `` so you like running trains , do you ? '', 
  maybe not everyone is the meme master you are buddy . 
  remakes or merged maps ?!, 
  please treyarch !, 
  would n't be too hasty on that one . 
  that would be fucking nuts . 
  do n't know how that 'd go down gameplay wise , maybe after you get to a location in revelations , or maybe after you complete the easter egg , you 'll unlock all the maps separately . 
  either ruby rabbit or kino . 
  psa : please contact a doctor if you * do n't * have an erection for more than 4 hours . 
  how do you know though ? 
  yeah :( i 'm for some reason staying optimistic that we 'll get tons of remasters though :(, 
  yeah :(, 
  same :( man all i wan na do is load up kino on my ps4 . 
  not have to sacrifice 17 crawler dogs , climb through a portal to another world and sell my soul to satan , just to play a portion of an old map . 
  idk , i 'm open to surprises tomorrow , but i 'm not counting on it . 
  god , i ** really ** fucking want * any * remastered maps . 
  god damn it , please 3arc !, 
  yeah , that would help keep the main map new , and the content fresh . 
  gk they did zombies first . 
  people were calling him a liar for saying he found the zns jumpscare , then people started finding it , then they said he was still lying and he decided to peace out . 
  do n't believe this is real . 
  will own up to it if i 'm wrong though . 
  lol, 
  you could say the same thing when cotd came out . 
  `` when has there ever been 4 dlcs in a cod game '' . 
  things change , development cycles get longer , you never know . 
  interesting , i guess we 'll know for sure in a week or 2 . 
  definitely !, 
  erichtile dysfunction , sorry , there 's no hope for you . 
  they just say that when there 's cg and not gameplay . 
  does n't have anything to do with what 's in the map . 
  well yeah , but when it 's pre-rendered instead of being in-game footage . 
  no , because you were missing my obvious point . 
  maybe when you hit a ledge mid-slide it changes to a dive ? 
  we have the gobblegum , shut up already . 
  there 's a few shots of the power room . 
  it 's annoying to run into the little area . 
  i was thinking about that too but nobody really knows what the blood * does * . 
  it 's not hitler , but it 's more annoying than for example soe . 
  jesus americans have no concepts of jokes . 
  fucking chill you cunts . 
  some countries have something called borderline 3rd worldism , the us is one of them . 
  how does it feel to be so obsessed with the olympics that you think it makes your country not a shithole . 
  long setup . 
  literally one of the few things that makes me resent a map . 
  game 's been out nearly a year and it 's a minor spoiler . 
  do n't know if it warrants a `` spoiler '' tag . 
  did n't want blood in the spaghetti . 
  that 's a nice dap !, 
  \\ - t-mobile, 
  yeah , that 's cool , just thought it was strange . 
  yeah , it 's pretty good , i played it on ps4 and i can only imagine how much better it would be on pc . 
  good luck !, 
  lmao , just finished the episode where grey finally admits defeat haha . 
  woah woah woah , i 'm not recording * anything * who 'd you speak to ? 
  that person has no business using that much facial cream . 
  yes !, 
  finally someone who understands , i absolutely hate any `` pun thread '' on reddit because i 've literally never seen a good pun 3 comments in . 
  danish : just get something stuck in your throat and try speaking norwegian . 
  20 cents per view ? 
  even splitting that 55/45 ( 50/50 for simplicity ) , that 's $ 1 per 10 views , $ 100 for 1000 views ? 
  you 're saying psy has gotten $ 250m for his video ? 
  simply ridiculous . 
  how about logitec for headsets ? 
  i 've been thinking of getting the g430 to replace my razer kraken for a while now , but i 'm not sure if it 's worth it , or if it 's an upgrade at all . 
  ahh , bsg is so great !, 
  played a few rounds of it with my cousin and i 've been accused of being the cylon every time lmao . 
  lmao , i 'll need to get my dad to use this idea . 
  what ? 
  this is exactly what the shadowman does in soe . 
  holy fuck that 's genius , you need to be careful , but also be helpful opening up to power . 
  trying to conserve your points and also stay alive with your teammate , then when the power 's on all hell breaks loose . 
  lmao , you 're very much in the vocal minority here , 90 % of people i 've heard talk about it say that they 've played it maybe 10 times and that it 's a waste of time . 
  lmao , you 're right . 
  i do n't get why he 's trying to make it sound like they 're trying to do their best to make the perks `` dynamic '' when we 've had 1 new perk in bo3 and only those 9 perks have ever appeared in this game . 
  flipping a lever in each area even would be cool the first time , then kinda interesting the next few , then after 50 times it 'll be annoying as fuck . 
  oh god i hate this argument so much . 
  that 's what i was thinking too , that 'd be sweet , and maybe have a new epic one in the original areas of revelations . 
  do it on purpose to hide that juicy intel . 
  i bet if i go on bo2 right now there 'll be less than 100 people in grief . 
  i 'm just saying , i 've never hear of people `` loving '' grief before now , and just after origins came out , a lot of the time , there were 3-20 people in grief and turned playlists . 
  no but it 's like you forget it , then you need to run across the map just to get a perk in the area you 're at . 
  i think it would be pretty cool , i trust the 3arc writers to make it pretty great as well . 
  not down voting you because i care about your message , i 'm down voting you because you seem like a cunt . 
  wear what you want and do n't give a fuck what people say . 
  why are americans such conspiracy nuts ? 
  `` these evil commies are trying to change the narrative to america being bad so much even putin himself made a reddit account to bring it up '', 
  what do you mean ? 
  no , but i feel like `` oh , that 's an interesting news story , i remember a similar one from a while ago '' is a valid response . 
  it has nothing to do with `` shifting the narrative onto america '' , it 's simply discussing the news story by bringing up relevant information an anecdotes . 
  or it 's a person who said `` oh , that 's interesting , i guess i have to make an account to comment this related story that is relevant to the conversation . '', 
  pretty much , it 's not as much a `` early build '' as it is a `` hey , play our game and preorder when you 're done '', 
  yeah , it 's not a good idea , but it 's a good conversation starter so -7 points is just ridiculous . 
  it 's incredibly overpowered though , having it in all maps would break the game . 
  need a change of pants ... 
  they did on de .
