  i 'm fairly certain that bo3 and iw are on the same engine cod 4 is on . 
  they 're very different games , not really comparable . 
  it 's a very fun game but also completely different from cod . 
  if you do n't want cod that 's your choice but there 's no reason to chose one over the other . 
  it 's very similar but the movement is a bit more restricted than bo3 . 
  you have less boost and it just generally feels slower . 
  not a huge problem though , i thought it was fun regardless . 
  uh , well in aw it 's exo zombies , in bo3 it 's nazi-zombies and in iw it 's 80s retro zombies . 
  we really do n't , people who are into treyarch games like myself barely give a thought to iw or shg games , unless they look good like any other game coming out that year . 
  i 've been playing cod 4 , world at war , black ops 1 and black ops 2 tons this year as well as black ops 3 . 
  does n't matter what the newest game is , you can still play the old ones . 
  what ? 
  they all use the same engine as far as i 'm aware . 
   there is n't much of a difference between them, 
   i have n't played cod since mw3, 
  well then how would you know that there is n't much difference ? 
  except they literally do . 
  the developers literally work on them for 3 years . 
  this is n't a matter of opinion . 
  yeah , the people saying cod having a 3 year cycle is too little are probably the same people buying ac and battlefield every year . 
  they work well as part of the map , there 's a fuckton to explain so you 'd understand * why * , but the important part is that it plays well . 
  i think the issue here is that by stating that you are n't keeping up with the storyline , it 's easy to mentally sort you in with all the other people ignorantly stating that dragons is where you draw the line when in reality there 's tons of things more ridiculous than that . 
  you did n't do anything wrong , people just need to be on the same page before going off . 
  it 's not a zombie , he just worded it badly . 
  the comic comes out today !, 
  uh , buried , tranzit and die rise ? 
  hardly the 3 worst in history . 
  revelations was pretty good . 
  they did n't , if you played the maps and actually learned about the storyline you would understand that it 's not about them being unimaginative , they explain everything and it fits very well in terms of gameplay . 
  why is dragons such a fucking hard thing for people to accept ? 
  they are a gameplay mechanic , it 's not like it 's a core part of zombies now , you 're not casting spells to kill the nasty dragons , they play into the stoyline of the map and act mostly like a transportation system . 
  there are tons of thing far more out there than dragons . 
  they 're all over the map but yeah the dragons are a very small part in terms of gameplay . 
  i notice it so much with cod ( probably because i 'm much more invested than most people ) that people literally just say things that they 've seen in trailers and complain about how it affects gameplay . 
  if you have n't played the game , do n't complain about how it 's stale or has bad gameplay . 
  ah , i thought they focused on dlc until the summer then started development on the next game . 
  interesing . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  you obviously have no clue . 
  the games have literally no tie-ins and all take place in their own universe . 
  each developer works on their own game , and series . 
  it makes me sad when people complain about zombies because 90 % of the people who do n't like it have n't played it more than once or twice and do n't care enough to learn the mechanics . 
  the remaining 10 % are people who played it back in the day and do n't like it anymore , which is completely fine , it just pisses me off when people talk trash based on a trailer they saw without having played the game . 
  the ignorance is palpable . 
  to try and be brief here , i 'll be quick . 
  the developers are treyarch ( 3arc ) , infinity ward ( iw ) and sledghehammer ( shg ) . 
  it started with only 3arc doing zombies , while iw was doing spec ops and survival modes , then shg did exo zombies last year as an attempt to piggyback off of the success of 3arc zombies and failed miserably , and the year before that iw did extinction , which was aliens and although i 've heard it 's fun , it did n't do well in terms of sales , so now iw are doing zombies too . 
  basically 3arc are the only ones `` really '' doing zombies , but the other devs also want that money for a sub-par experience . 
  that 's just a contradiction . 
  oh , interesting . 
  i 'd like for them to get a new one and possibly go for some proper dynamic destruction , if it worked well with gameplay . 
  yeah lmao , my highest round solo was 62 and i got 118 within a few days of revelations coming out lol . 
  what ? 
  i do n't , they wrote `` why not sell the remaster digitally ? '', 
  and i just stated that they do ... ? 
  i wan na write a comment saying i 100 % agree with you , but ca n't justify it in any way without just leaving a useless comment . 
  so yeah . 
  yeah , the gameplay was fine but the menu was clunky and disorganized as fuck . 
  honestly it just felt like a cheap knockoff of bo3 . 
  also , did n't they get ddosed ? 
  yeah that 's definitely your best option . 
  i play them for different reasons mostly , cod for fun , past-paced gameplay and zombies , and battlefield and r6 : siege for a more tactical , team based experience . 
  ok , i did n't get that from your original comment so sorry for the misunderstanding . 
  your opinion is yours but i was just making sure you were n't criticizing from a place of ignorance . 
  yeah , in that case cod probably is n't for you , and i totally get that argument . 
  yet they still sell millions of copies every year . 
  i get that you , and maybe most people you know do n't get cod but it 's still very popular and it does n't make sense for them to stop production because some people online do n't like it . 
  well , maybe , if he thinks he 's buying a cool space fps then it might not be for him , but it seems from / u/prospekt01 's comment that he wants to get the game based on some sort or research . 
  well , maybe . 
  i do n't really think i 'm a fanboy , i just call people out when they get facts wrong . 
  what i was referring to is you obviously not understanding the storyline or the development cycle . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying at all , i 'm saying they play very differently . 
  no the first one , you might be unaware that the first one was leaked i 'm pretty sure , either that or i have some bad intel . 
  yeah , it 's kinda ridiculous but at least i 'll have some new content , at least to make fun of for being bad , while waiting for the new game to come out . 
  admittedly i 've been looking through more comments than any normal sane person should , but i 've seen it several times in this comment section and all over youtube comments . 
  interesting , i might be , i 'm getting this data mostly from my group of friends . 
  that being said i have bough yearly , but mostly because i 've been interested in the other zombie modes , first for aw and now for iw . 
  but ... what about the booster packs , wall running , specialists , new game modes , freerun , zombies , supply drops ? 
  there 's tons of stuff added every game that nobody who does n't play cares about . 
  but each studio * does * spend 3 years on each game . 
  well , one of the zombies maps had dragons yeah , but not to the extent most people would imagine . 
  they mostly play the role of transportation and also will breathe flames in the area you 're in every once in a while to keep you on your toes . 
  100 % agree with you , and yeah , if you buy a cod for the campaign ... 
  i do n't know what to tell you , most of them are very meh , mostly because they 're pretty short and you do n't care about the characters . 
  can confirm , like cod , literally ca n't sit still without moving for more than 3 seconds . 
  i play rainbow six , cod and battlefield and i really do n't understand why it 's such an issue that cod has faster paced gameplay . 
  or you can just fucking play both . 
  they play very different roles , they do n't need to be interchangeable . 
  or just tell your friends not to flush the old game down the toilet or whatever they do that makes it impossible to play previous games with them . 
  but there are 3 different studios , and they all take 3 years to make each game . 
  it 's not like they 're rushing to finish each game every year , they spend time on them . 
  i do n't get why it needs to be a competition , i completely agree with you , if you do n't like cod , do n't get cod , if you do n't like battlefield , do n't get battlefield . 
  it 's not like you 're locked to one game , just get what you want it does n't need to be such an issue . 
  yeah , they 'd be exactly the same but with different attire and weapons . 
  why does it need to be so serious ? 
  why is it such a huge issues that the game developers have fun with their creation ? 
  great comment , and a very good analogy , most people do n't even care to mention all the stupid shit from back in the day that they 've severely nerfed or removed in the newer games . 
  it may sound like it but i 'm not being sarcastic at all . 
  lmao yeah , there 's so much hate for iw literally just because there are parts of it in space , and it did n't immediately go back to ww1 after they were 2 years into development . 
  and if it did go back to ww1 or 2 there would be tons of comments saying they 're just trying to copy battlefield , and when they * do * go back people will say they 're just chasing the money by doing what battlefield did successfully .
