  i wan na save up as much money as i can for a few years but i 'd like to go with someone . 
  i feel like going alone would just be boring . 
  hurt itself in confusion . 
  are these the manboobs they were talking about ? 
  no , the 2nd gondola on de was never done before the xb version came out , same with the jumpscare on zns . 
  any evidence of someone finding it before the xb release ? 
  oh , interesting . 
  well at first i thought it was the release date , but with further investigation i realized that it was april 19th . 
  so i do n't know , maybe just the date they finished creating the kt-4 model ? 
  but it did n't start happening to people before the xb version came out . 
  no , too much of a coincidence for it to suddenly , within an hour of the patch coming out for people to suddenly find this new ee . 
  `` someone makes money doing what they love , fuck them '', 
  no , everyone knows 2011 is 3 years ago . 
  if you think someone can be too hot for a meaningful role , watch chuck . 
  `` i do n't think that exists '', 
  man nothing gets past that guy . 
  what the hell just happened ? 
  today on `` oh here 's an s , apostrophe time ! '', 
  it was n't even that good in zns , why is everyone salty it 's not in the map ? 
  [ uhhhh ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsjh5gtawee ), 
  this is n't exactly canon though , and on de it was literally in 9 frames barely visible in a panning shot . 
  i think that the de one was accidental , i think they were working on the razorback before de and accidentally had it in the trailer for a split second without noticing . 
  what would you call it when a woman does it then ? 
  this post is the answer to `` what 's the worst that could happen if you ask her out ? '', 
  sure the situation is different but tons of guys are terrified to talk to girls they like just because there are people who do this shit and make fun of them on social media for expressing their feelings . 
  dick move on the girls part here , guy 's just trying to find a solution to this problem he has with himself . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't think it 's that hard , i just feel like i need to put on a french accent to make it not sound strange haha . 
  yeah , but still , he 's not being sleazy about it so i feel like her posting it on twitter is unwarranted . 
  i do n't think they 've chosen the name , i think it 's one of those media made-up names like `` brexit '' . 
  is n't isis an offshoot from al qaeda from after bin laden died ? 
  i know it 's not very impressive , just thought the video was funny . 
  sad this does n't go to `` ayy '' . 
  want it digitally though ... might try this though . 
  i 've seen some gameplay videos and it looks pretty cool but i still have no idea . 
  oohh maybe , sounds like a good idea . 
  i really like games like minecraft , rust , h1z1 and open world games like that , but also , i really love games like bf4 , black ops 3 , rainbow six : siege , doom . 
  i 'm starting to think this might be a good game for me but i 'm not 100 % certain yet . 
  sounds like one of those `` would n't it be amazing if '' games that you discuss with friends . 
  i 've been thinking about how cool a higher graphics minecraft would be for ages . 
  just bought it before i saw this comment so i 'm very excited . 
  yes !, 
  i just watched those haha . 
  does n't xb have rest mode or something to speed up downloads ? 
  yeah but i mean , on the ps4 you can put it in ` rest mode ' instead of keeping it on and doing so usually speeds up the download . 
  sooo ... how does one become an insider ? 
  this literally does n't bother me , i just plug it back in lmao . 
  glaz is before blackbeard i think . 
  i 'm as surprised as you , why would this happen ? 
  ahhhhh !, 
  i just finished the trailer and though `` ah were n't they gon na show vader in this trailer '' then he showed up and i just gasped . 
  thank you whoever is in charge of the marketing of this movie , i 'm so glad this movie looks good . 
  i share to twitter , download , upload to imgur then post . 
  i 'm just sad there 's no fov settings on ps4 , it looks awful in my opinion and it hurts my eyes . 
  i know :( it just annoys me to no end . 
  yeah :( just wish it were higher . 
  really ? 
  sucks though , like winning the lottery but they forgot to give the money . 
  sucks that they never added it in . 
  is n't it 1/1 ,000,000 or something ? 
  ca n't imagine everyone will . 
   i could care less, 
  trump supporter confirmed . 
  you 're a fucking idiot , try thinking about your life before you make any more comments . 
  i can tell from you grammar that your life is great . 
  please do n't breed . 
  any reports of my demise at the giant are ... 
  erroneous . 
  pretty sure it was all a setup for deadpool . 
  i had the exact same feeling lol , it 's probably the only thing i * hate * about the game . 
  it 's very good once you get past that though . 
  sensitivity is also a bit weird and that combined with the fov makes gunfights incredibly hard . 
  how do you do the number puzzles ? 
  oh thanks , i did n't pay too close attention so i did n't understand them . 
  yeah , i really like that about a bunch of features that are never really explained to you , it makes you try different things and it 's always really exciting to find a new way to do something . 
  still though , if i 'm mining something and need to wait 15 minutes for the game to tell me that i 've taken 22,078 steps , i 'm gon na be annoyed . 
  was it shit or just dirt under the road ? 
  hyperbole, 
  yeah , i just mean i do n't need an even more reduced fov . 
  coins falling out of his wallet makes this even more true to the subs name . 
  how ridiculous , every canadian worth a damn knows to curse trudeau when anything goes wrong . 
  not very hard to deduce that this translates to `` da '' . 
  but then i would n't know how to react . 
  i know , i meant that as `` did you forget to add a / s '' as a joke . 
  what ? 
  why is it a planetary system and not a solar system ? 
  ahhh man , that sucks , extra for a small indie company . 
  why do you think that ? 
  it literally says his reddit username and his brothers username in the picture ... 
  [ solar system , noun  ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/solar-system ), 
  the sun together with all the planets and other bodies that revolve around it . 
  a similar system with celestial bodies revolving around a star other than the sun . 
  anyone else have trouble reading and comprehending that there 5 `` and `` s in that comment ? 
  the thing about bf4 though is you can absorb a grenade impact by lying down on it , so someone in that elevator just needed to sacrifice themselves for the greater good . 
  soooo ... 
  basically because of the norwegian school system and tons of stuff that 's too complicated to get into , i 've ended up losing my spot at my # 1 choice for schools and got into one that 's 3 hours away , and i have no chance at living in that area because my family is very lower class . 
  by the way , school starts on the 18th ... 
  so that 's fun and sorted . 
  hahaha , man that looks hilarious !,
