  i 'm assuming you live in the us , forgive me if i 'm wrong , but basically everyone i 've talked to , here in norway , my friends in denmark and the netherlands , england , all think it 's hilarious , he 's being made fun of by big newspapers , the only people who take him seriously are frightened world leaders and americans . 
  ** why are you arguing this , obama 's clearly in support of gay rights ?!, 
  what benefit does it serve to believe that every person who 's every flown an aircraft is lying to you . 
  how many languages do you speak ? 
  yup , a clear indicator is the grammar and spelling . 
  you know you 're bad when you have to be sneaky when cheating at your homework . 
  no i mean you can tell from what the mistakes are , if they 're native or not . 
  for example if someone uses `` to '' instead of `` too '' , or `` your '' instead of `` you 're '' . 
  however if it 's something like `` and he never take away kitten '' , it 's usually because they 're not a native speaker . 
  almost as though `` video games '' and `` board games '' are too vague terms to use in a discussion like this . 
  there 's also his cat 's asshole . 
  i do n't know why it 's relevant but yup . 
  there 's also `` violent '' video games like rainbow six siege , where rather than being about the killing , it 's more about teamwork and strategy . 
  who 's is it ? 
  i 'm a simple man . 
  i see comments that follow this format , i downvote . 
  lmao , thn reference ? 
  lol , i imagined this gif as soon as i saw the op . 
  i did n't downvote it but i removed the initial upvote . 
  i am all disappointed by the nes on this blessed day, 
  i should have expected this . 
  lol , i meant tryhardninja , he 's a youtube rapper , pretty popular back in the day , that 's the only place i know that rhyme from . 
  i think it 's from harold and kumar , not 100 % sure though . 
  amateur video editor here , i can assure you that 's how it works . 
  i guess there 's enough of these for a subreddit now , any name suggestions ? 
  yeah i just knew there were a few services to view deleted tweets , so i was wondering if there 'd be a more specific way . 
  as steven colbert said : `` trump 's so privileged that the first job he had to apply for was president of the united states . '', 
  and he did in 2000 . 
  what ... ? 
  it 's so hard for trump supporters to understand that people dislike him without getting paid . 
  see : trump supporter, 
  you had me until `` the medias agenda '' . 
  ugh , ruined ma ` day . 
  i think about this sometimes , i 'm a straight white guy and i ca n't think of a single thing i get offended by . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was because of the cracking whips would make when people whipped their slaves ? 
  i mean , kinda , but being brought back to whipping black people is n't really that offensive . 
  what a great way to make this joke subtly , good job . 
  i went to sleep first and just checked reddit when i woke up , safe to say i got my question answered swiftly . 
  relevant username ( ? ), 
  lmao , first time i 've heard this , hopefully it catches on . 
  i was so close to this moment when i was 14 but i was a fucking idiot and messed it up . 
  how long would it take to drive across the entire surface ? 
  oh shit , cool , wonder what earth 'd be like if it was that small . 
  i just mean if it was the same as now just smaller , i understand the science does n't check out . 
  i love when i see those stickied lmao . 
  how much karma is a firewall agains the_donald ? 
  the subreddit did virtually nothing compared to racist , rural , white trash . 
   `` it 's not black ops 3 '', 
  because bo3 has a lot of fire animations like that . 
  why ? 
   uses sli.mg , complains without doing research , is hostile without motivation and is pushing an outdated agenda, 
  confirmed trump supporter . 
  what would that much ram do for your computer ? 
  not much right ? 
  really ? 
  i mean it makes sense but i would n't expect it . 
  yeah , i see why i got downvoted but i feel like the `` i 'm a simple man '' comment is a bit overused . 
  how did it snap the neck there ? 
  i could n't really tell how he did it . 
  lol , that 's just a dumb argument . 
  for hillary clinton ? 
  lol , til that americans carry guns because they do n't wan na admit who they voted for . 
  land of the free . 
  oh , for a second there i thought he had been resurrected , but thanks to that sarcasm tag i understood you were only joking . 
  obama ? 
  he 's a politician . 
  you know who else was a politician ? 
  to have voted in the 1932 election he 'd need to be over 100 years old . 
  using the term `` liberals '' about someone you disagree with , it instantly invalidates your opinion . 
  what ? 
  are you saying that there 's a mass-raping and pillaging because germany let refugees in ? 
  you really need to step out of your bubble and take a realistic look at the world . 
  and which party does that happen to be ? 
  i got in a lyft and the racist fucking cunt of a driver had a fucking toy hula bobblehead on his dash ... 
  yeah sorry , i was talking about the other guy , but replied to you , agreeing with your `` not voting for trump does n't automatically make someone a liberal '' point . 
  what i meant was seeing someone like that write `` lol , these liberals '' immediately turns me off to hearing what they have to say . 
  what about the one that rioted in 2008 ? 
  also , how do they `` embrace domestic terrorism '' ? 
  ugh , it was funny but the laugh track was super offputting . 
  ca n't tell if this is a cs or siege reference . 
  honestly if the liberals were n't so mean maybe i would n't vote for a retarded fuck . 
  i 'm usually not a huge fan of this sub , but mike pence is a fucking idiot asshole , and to my own surprise i hope trump actually stays alive for 4 years . 
  still jarring . 
  now that 's a bit silly . 
  just go , `` hey , we need to talk '' then when it 's the smell thing she 'll be relieved . 
  you would n't know her , she lives in canada . 
  just collapse a thread when you finish it and the parent comment is right above . 
  it 's like they do n't even know that trump supporters are just as much of sjws as feminists . 
  he 's a little bit creepy too . 
  # ** big rigs !, 
  most games i have on my ps4 are 60fps , what are you talking about ? 
  the person with the most votes ? 
  but , they 're accepting it , they 're just protesting the electoral college . 
  worked for the republicans . 
  it 's only happened 4 times in history , none of them were 2008 or 2012 . 
  do n't know if you 're talking to me , or sjw trump supporters . 
  at the moment she 's at about 600k more than trump . 
  exactly , the only thing i 've seen are these memes , him being creepy , and talking about guns being bad . 
  why ?
