  yeah , the entire team would have to be there on the 4th to prep for release and people would probably be hung over and whatnot on the actual release of the dlc . 
  [ video version . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ph5wgo-hy1e ), 
  oh well , guess it 's time to get a few friends together lmao . 
  yeah , i saw my teammate die and knew he was up there . 
  the spin was to see where he was so it was mostly just luck . 
  we need a / r/pussypass but for old people . 
  it 's not the fov , it 's that the screen is cropped . 
  i do n't even know of any other original ips that have had betas ... 
  like in gmm , when they put on blindfolds they always say `` as you can see , we ca n't '' . 
  oh right , never played that one . 
  good call though . 
  oh yeah , good point . 
  only one 's i 've played are bf : h , battlefront , the division , doom , rainbow six & black ops 3 . 
  you ca n't turn up fov on ps4 . 
  god damn it man , it 's, 
   tryna make a change : - /, 
  god damn it man , it 's, 
   tryin to make a change :-\\, 
  i. . . uhh ... really do n't think they were ... ? 
  either this is a stupid post or people are missing the point . 
  quick revive is * extremely * rare to get from the wunderfizz so i thought this was worth sharing . 
  i will however remove the post if it 's not as impressive as i at first thought . 
  i 'm gon na refrain from voting on this until i see what your score ends up at . 
  i 'd be so ridiculously happy if this happens . 
  please please please treyarch !, 
  not sure if it should be marked as nsfw but i did anyways . 
  a fair amount of my zombies youtuber friends do n't do this and that 's why i made the video . 
  i 'm playing bo2 now and did n't realize before that you could in this game . 
  bo1 is really hard to pull off though . 
  i do n't . 
  meanwhile here in norway , you 'll get prison time , a criminal record , be labeled a `` druggie '' and never be a functioning member of society again if you get caught with a joint . 
  how the fuck is this real life ? 
  that 'll sure show me . 
  lmao , and * my * post was salty . 
  i honestly have no idea why you 're so pissed about this . 
  it 's literally just a video about a slightly more efficient way to play a video game . 
  electric cherry is amazing . 
  if they did this as well as a new map this would be fine with me . 
  to expand , extremely large mag , amazing for points , would kill zombies into the 50s , no recoil , extremely fast reload , cheap and lots of ammo . 
  only avaliable in waw . 
  it 's 5 and should be 5 . 
  it 's a poorly optimized gif . 
  he said it 's used to humans . 
  it played well , not a very good story though . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  very well put together , wonder what this means for the storyline . 
  i was gon na correct you there for a moment , but if you have n't played the map yet and want to avoid spoilers that 's fine and i wo n't say anything . 
  i 'm excited for you though , it 's a good map . 
  definitely agree , i had a * very minor * thing spoiled for me the night before release and had a minor breakdown over on / r/codzombies , i know how you feel . 
  good luck on gaming and staying away from spoilers !, 
  that 's cool man , and if , as you mentioned earlier , cross-platform becomes the norm , it 'd be cool to play zombies sometime . 
  ( although sadly , probably not in the near future ), 
  what game ? 
  anyone remember when that guy in oitnb says that he got an infection and lost his leg from a cut in a bathtub ? 
  this is that bathtub . 
  i was watching that too haha , funny how you can tell that all those people were trying to be the 3,000,000 th . 
  do n't really know much about the spider bait but that sounds pretty sweet . 
  yup , just that every player needs to hit him . 
  have you never seen 60fps or something ? 
  people are n't supposed to die mid-revive . 
  it 's only when you get pushed off they continue bleeding . 
  i absolutely hate it because i like to play without aim/target assist and when you buy deadshot it automatically enables aim assist . 
  i have a video of it . 
  [ agreed . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8m7i7irvke ), 
  oh god , i had no idea how it could be so bad . 
  thanks for this . 
  thank you for calling him out , i hate how sensitive people are to ` racism ' nowadays . 
  yeah lmao , told my friends afterwards how stupid i was for not using it :p, 
  highly doubt it , probably a joke . 
  it 's a division 9 facility , which is a japanese research group . 
  only if it 's a true 50/50, 
  i wish i could post that deadpool gif right about now . 
  the damage you take is largely based on how you land . 
  yeah , i myself am surprised that killing time is n't classic , it 's basically just a sub par instakill . 
  jesus , a 1.5 liter here in norway costs like $ 5 on a good day . 
  she 'll probably claim sexism because they excluded her . 
  it did n't though . 
  it was just over hyped and buggy at launch . 
  if you pick it up today at a 70 % discount it 's a great game . 
  ( in my opinion of course , video game taste is subjective ), 
  i 'm really excited for this game . 
  all it needs to be is a team based , tactical far cry open world type game . 
  i love louis c.k. 
  but that quote is pretty stupid . 
  it does n't matter how good or bad you are at your job , if someone will do it cheaper , they will get the job . 
  i see that , but in my previous comment i was merely talking about the gameplay . 
  i thought the takedowns and gunplay felt fluent and fun and hacking was a cool bonus . 
  not saying it 's anywhere near tlou or the witcher 3 story wise . 
  this is my new life goal . 
  yeah , he was in casey neistat 's vlog in nyc like 2 or 3 days ago . 
  you ca n't birth to jesus , it 's a heaven ? 
  do n't know my exact hours played but i think it 's around 6.5 days ( 156 hours ) and even though i 've spent money on supplydrops , i 've never gotten a weapon from the ones i spent money on . 
  i got 2 bribes and have only ever gotten 1 weapon other than that . 
   easy , when you 're invisible , the fire ca n't see you !, 
  / r/youseecomrade is leaking, 
  e : thanks / u/asum-sum, 
  damn it , edited .
