  as someone who needs to time walking to the bus within 1-3 minutes every day , fuck that . 
  honestly , how often do you need to know the time down to the minute ? 
  what 's the correlation here ? 
  i seem to be missing something . 
  is it out in europe ? 
  i did n't search for it but i could n't find it on the ` recently added ' page today . 
  really ? 
  on his subreddit there were some mixed reviews so i decided not to watch it for now ... might check it out now though . 
  yeah , i was just saying that needing to follow a clock that only changes every 15 mins would drive me crazy from the uncertainty . 
  actually the biggest channels on youtube generate very little of the revenue . 
  hey there fuckman , you think i 'm gon na * read * something before i reply to it ? 
  pewdiepie does n't really matter to youtube other than just being a public figure for the company . 
  also he makes good videos pls no delete him . 
  there 's a reason the algorithm basically does n't take new account 's claims into consideration , and you need to do a captcha and use a different email address for each account . 
  yeah , it probably is , i got destracted pretty quickly , but noticed that they were n't shoving it through my esophagus as much as usual . 
  i 'm a little disappointed you ca n't accidentally hit the tail like in the movie . 
  maybe i 'm hardcore ... 
  yeah , that always annoys me when people post the generic `` 2 , 3 , 4 , 1 ? '', 
  what about battlefield 1942 ? 
  bad company 1 and 2 ? 
  that future one i do n't remember the name of ? 
  there 's been tons of battlefield games other than the numbered ones , so battlefield 1 is n't that dumb of a title . 
  what ... ? 
  sorry , i always forget to read the rules , will keep it in mind !, 
  i do n't know if it was you who posted the other comment but what a dick move . 
  sorry for having something that brings me enjoyment . 
  wish i saw this before i spent an hour to find a barely working version lmao . 
  lmao , such a great scene , such a shame he was n't used more . 
  maybe not if he punched him , but the same ending as last season where abraham is dead , and everyone is broken , then this season , it starts off with a distant shot of negan hitting the fuck outta abraham , then he stands in front of the crowd and daryl attacks him , and the same events unfold . 
  true , but at least abraham is n't fucking aaron or someone . 
  i think we 'd get over it after about a week , then suddenly be fucked up again as soon as glenn also dies and we 'd forgive them for only killing abraham . 
  the way they did it now i still do n't forgive them for how they ended the season . 
  at a certain point it goes from him being just a badass kid , to just being aware that he needs to do it for the group to survive . 
  i do n't know if he 's crossed that line yet though . 
  yeah ... 
  i do n't know how in the world that baby could still be alive if she was having issues * before * watching her husband have his head smashed in like a watermelon . 
  pewdiepie and some of the other biggest channels are nothing compared to a channel like [ ryantoysreview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uchgjghz9soohvbb0y4doo_w/videos?&amp;ab_channel=ryantoysreview ) , which in the last month has gotten over 500 million views , bringing in anywhere between $ 1,000,000 and $ 10,000,000 for youtube . 
  that 's more views than pewdiepie and casey neistat put together , even with casey coming off one of his best months yet , with 2 quite viral videos and one highly controversial video . 
  on top of that there 's networks like youtube vevo , that makes just ongodly amounts of money every single month . 
  every pun-thread is . 
  but the poll is specifically about 7x01 vs issue 100 . 
  his eye was hanging out of his fucking head , but saying ` fuck ' , think of the children !, 
  why ? 
  there 's few things i hate more than pun threads on reddit 'cause they ruin the thread immediately . 
  me too haha , the deaths had been spoiled for me so i was a bit upset but at that point i honestly thought they were gon na do it . 
  i did too and i was almost successful , until about a week ago some guy on reddit told me because `` the show is shitty and he gets enjoyment from spoiling people '' ... 
  safe to say i was pretty pissed when he sent me a message this morning saying `` i told you ! '', 
  before i had seen the episode . 
  edit : [ this guy ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/bettercallsaul/comments/584dll/when_your_friends_looking_forward_to_the_new/d8xva9j/ ) . 
  ( for context , the removed comment i was replying to said that carl and abe die ), 
  the counter point would be that they did it for hershel , but then again his leg was probably easier to just keep out of frame and tie up a pant leg , as well as carl probably being featured more often than hershel . 
  for res you can hit ` ignore ' , but i 'm not sure to what extent that blocks them . 
  for mobile though i would n't know . 
  erh ... why ? 
  why do n't you just watch the previous seasons ? 
  i ca n't think of a reason people would believe that . 
  it does n't seem like it 'd be very likely after they already killed one character . 
  agreed , would have been much more shocking and would n't have angered so many people from the season finale . 
  exactly . 
  i ca n't imagine a single person was underwhelmed from this episode unless they spoiled it for themselves . 
  lmao , it was so surreal watching this movie in the theater without knowing they were in the movie , making it worse was that i had only seen the finale a few weeks prior so it really caught me off guard . 
  exactly , i also agree that it in no way makes up for the finale . 
  sure this was a great episode , and the deaths were exactly as they needed to be . 
  but it 's just such a cunty move to do a cliffhanger in that way . 
  yeah but just because he died in the comics does n't necessarily mean he 'll die the same way in the show . 
  many characters never met their comic deaths and people would just assume that 's what happened . 
  nobody would think that they needed to kill 2 characters . 
  i like how they did it too , they did n't draw it out so you had time to realize what was happening like they did with abraham , you just kinda started thinking `` is he gon na kill someone else too ? 
  that 'd be cra - '' then suddenly glenn 's hit and his eyeball is hanging out of his skull . 
  well , it 's not like it would be something everyone thought or anything , at least until tsdf got their hands on it . 
  there 's one guy that 's going into every thread saying that he does n't like carl , that might be why . 
  yeah , i 'm just saying , pointing out the cliffhanger is unfair because that 's not what the poll is asking . 
  good video , was a bit uninteresting honestly , but i think you did a good job with the information avaliable , and someone that 's more interested in these things than me might find it more engaging . 
  do n't think so , based on the games he names on his podcasts . 
  true , but being nearly 20 mins definitely hits share-ability a lot , like in your example , the person in the argument wo n't be expected to watch the entire thing , making it a lot less likely to be referenced than say the pope video in an argument about the pope . 
  agreed , i 've liked most of his recent videos , but he honestly is slipping with trying to do longer and more serious videos because they start sounding more than a lecture than a fun little video . 
  yup , apparently he makes $ 15k per video just from patreon , and even just posting every other month that 's a pretty solid salary . 
  maybe not in london but oh well ... 
  yeah , i get super frustrated now that people are saying that the show redeemed itself . 
  try to separate your love for this episode and your feelings about the last one , this episode in no way made up for the bullshit finale we got . 
  lol , i 'm just looking through the top posts on this sub and i agree with you lmao , that 's what he was doing , then went on with some dumb insults but he was n't acting like he did n't know who it was . 
  did n't do the math very well so yeah , you 're right . 
  although he has complained about getting paid in $ while living in the uk lol . 
  why ? 
  yeah so are trump supporters . 
  i do n't understand why he spends so much on stock footage lmao , he said in a cortex episode that he spent over $ 1000 on the intro drone shot in the las vegas video that lasted for like 3 seconds lol . 
  vote for gary johnson or jill stein . 
  do n't vote for someone you do n't like . 
  ca n't say the naughty f-word though , think of the children !, 
  yeah , but even in the show it differed a ton from how the comics went . 
  well , if you have $ 1000 to spend on 5 seconds of stock footage i guess ... 
  i 'm sad because the combat in that game is so amazing but after you complete the story you can only replay the combat sequences so many times . 
  kirkman said it was because it just sucks to have a handicapped main character to write for . 
  `` i mean , he ca n't even button his shirt ! '', 
  except that the show has * many * variations from the comic . 
  what ? 
  i thought it 's only gotten better since 5 . 
  this pussy obviously does n't watch every isis execution that comes out . 
  it 's fucking / r/imgoingtohellforthis , lighten up . 
  yup , fuck people for having things that they like other than sitting in their parents crusty basement watching futa every day .
