  thanks for your contribution . 
  pretty much how i feel . 
  it 's just so wasted that i spent so much money on a game i enjoyed less than watch dogs . 
  `` i hate when people who pee in the shower get all mad at people and call them liars if they say that they do n't , it 's not like it 's our fault you 're fucking disgusting . '', 
  probably hardline , got it for ps3 and got seriously burned at full price but it really does look fun on new gen. 
  ah man , me too . 
  what an interesting time to live in . 
  two mins, 
  what 's up with the weird filter on all these vids anyways ? 
  wow , that kid sure is running fast ... * cough *, 
  nuketown did n't have barriers . 
  fuck waitin ' for you to get it on your own , x gon ' deliver to ya . 
  hope the blind guy did n't see that . 
  oh my god ... why ? 
  nerd, 
  - will mentor any map you want . 
  ( not very knowledgeable on easter eggs but can learn ), 
  - play on ps3 and ps4, 
  - own every game and dlc for ps3/4, 
  - usually avaliable week days after 3 pm ( norwegian time , cet . 
  speak english and norwegian well ) also almost always avaliable to play in weekends . 
  - ghostmw2awsome, 
  a friend of mine ( nixaru or ncc17films on youtube ) has a ton of obscure challenge videos if you 're looking for ideas . 
  blink twice if you need help . 
  or your keyboard is broken . 
  also , does anyone have anything else other than the m1911 for their favourite weapon ? 
  wait , do i need to download this as well ? 
  damn , i thought that update was it . 
  also , why was n't it avaliable in the eu before ? 
  is it another download ? 
  no idea what that means . 
  oh yeah , never thought of that . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  oh wait , is that why csgo is n't here ? 
  also why would n't they approve it for another 7 days ? 
  picture ? 
  how does that grip work ? 
  the mcu has some insane continuity overall . 
  have you heard of a relatively new `` zombies game show '' called zombies showdown on youtube ? 
  oh shit , that 's interesting . 
  cool . 
  if you do n't read the article first this comment is so much funnier . 
  can someone please explain what dusting is ? 
  ahh , i do n't know if i 've noticed that . 
  yeah , you could n't rebuild it though, 
  thanks . 
  i have premium but my internet is absolutely horrible . 
  the summer patch took me about 9 hours to download so i was worried about file size . 
  this one only took me about 2 hours . 
  i think it 's because you need to be in a cheater lobby to have a dunce hat . 
  honestly , i 'd probably give a hundred bjs for a pc with a 980 . 
  l96a1 , now that 's a name i have n't seen in a long time . 
  why did he do `` it '' at 177 ? 
  is n't the record 180 something ? 
  i 'm not great at spotting drunk people but that guy looks so fucking drunk . 
  can someone explain what this is ? 
  a fictional story ? 
  a creepypasta of some sort ? 
  worse in what sense ? 
  i realize now that this is n't nearly as impressive as i thought it was last night . 
  although i 've transitioned to ps4 already . 
  this is still a sad day for the community . 
  edit : jesus fucking christ guys , i get it . 
  they * had * to stop making updates . 
  i 'm not saying that r * are in the wrong , nor am i saying that i 'm mad at this . 
  i simply feel like this is a sad day for ps3 and 360 players who ca n't afford to upgrade . 
  i had a good one ( not as impressive as this ) where i got about 6 or 7 kills and my ps4 messed up and only saved the last 2 seconds of my recording :(, 
  hardcore wo n't show up on the browser so that sucks . 
  as someone who wanted to play hardcore graveyard shift 24/7 i 'm very disappointed . 
  they were but since i 've played it on ps3 i know the pain of seeing all the new gen/pc players get the good stuff and not getting to play any of it . 
  yeah , i really liked this one , it reminds me of that one scene from mission impossible where tom cruise gets slammed into a car when that bomb explodes or whatever . 
  here : [ apologies for the shitty tumblr gif ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ab3lrdt.gifv ), 
  what are you guys talking about ? 
  there 's punching in this game ? 
  i honestly did n't notice the usa being a reference to usa before i read your reply comment . 
  not complaining or anything , i know the feeling of playing an inferior game and just wanted to show my support for ps3 and 360 players ... 
  is n't it the rifle butt ? 
  oh , now this post makes so much more sense . 
  thanks . 
  i find it weird that black ops is on there . 
  have you played both ? 
  old gen is definetley inferior , though an amazing game for it 's generation . 
  i 've blinked an eye . 
  i do n't know why but this made me laugh soo much . 
  that poor child did n't do anything wrong and might die or more likely get insanely sick because of it 's shithead mother .
