  but yeah , i agree with you how it 's so stupid to think these are perks or that this is the new wunderfizz . 
  this reminds me of this one time my friend and i were trying to record a youtube video on origins , when we were looking at the loading screen and he goes `` richtofen looks kinda french in this picture '' and i said `` it 's the moustache '' just as the loading screen finished and the first 20 seconds were just us laughing . 
  alright , so probably wrong fan-theory time . 
  what if every dlc comes with 2 zombie maps , one for the o4 and one for the new characters and then in the last dlc we get one huge map with all 8 characters that tie in together ? . 
  doubt it , they 'll probably be on ( almost ) all the maps . 
  but how would samanthas mind be in origins richtofens mind ? 
  post it to liveleak or vimeo or something because it wo n't get taken down as easily . 
  still some stuff that was hard to make out and stuff so i wan na see the proper version still . 
  assuming this went down before moon . 
  there 's one 4 hour video , you could just google `` 4 hour zombies storyline '' or something . 
  this trailer has me more hyped than i can even remember i 've been in the past . 
  i 'm really happy about that because i bought the digital deluxe beforehand and was scared i 'd have to cancel . 
  right , sorry . 
  i have no idea about the story after moon so i ca n't really help you . 
  hope you find something of use though . 
  i 'm still super excited about nov. 6 :p, 
  interesting idea , definitley a possibility . 
  i guess we 'll just have to see when the maps come out . 
  have n't watched the video yet but both rust and h1z1 are amazing to play locally with friends . 
  ( ik , oh no , early access ), 
  til before reddit it was just `` chips '' . 
  if that was a walking dead reference you 'd get an upvote . 
  looks like she says `` shit '' . 
  i 'm gon na start saying jesus tittyfucking christ . 
  it does . 
  but then you could just kill youself and call a new car , too easy to abuse . 
  in your opinion ... ? 
  `` occasionally lets you play online '', 
  lmao . 
  not comparisons , she 's literally hitler, 
  i would n't but i know that feel . 
  i feel like games like h1z1 or rust have gotten further down the development line than dayz . 
  i did n't know op had a website . 
  ` specially with this whole `` pao '' thing . 
  no fun in the pcmr . 
  i could but that would include work so i 'm not sure how i feel about that . 
  i realize now after i bought them that they were just bundles and that the actual games are disk only ... oh well . 
  default trashpanda flyingmode engaged . 
  love louis c.k 's bit on this . 
  if you have n't played 3 i 'd say 4 is definitley worth it . 
  ( if you 're on ps4 , for ps3 fc3 would be better . . ), 
  `` how does it feel to be a real life meme ? '', 
  nooooope , i 'm pretty sure that 's hitler . 
  as someone who 's getting the giant and season pass anyway , it does n't really affect me but i can see your point . 
  i 'm wondering what other maps 'll be there at launch as well . 
  ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ hitler . 
  so is voat . 
  haha , just woke up and it 's 14:43 here . 
  ( that 's 93 mph for you americans ), 
  that 's what i thought , a lot of americans have trouble telling how much 1 celcius is . 
  wait ... as someone who does n't know a lot about pcs . 
  if this was real would n't you be able to run any game at any framerate ? 
  [ not sure if you 're making fun of me ... ] ( http://imgur.com/xvrojed ), 
  fuck i hate peope who dont use proper grammar punctuation, 
  fuck , i hate peope who do n't use proper grammar/punctuation, 
  how much ram would you need to run a game ( say gtav ) at 1000fps at maxed settings ? 
  ... what kind ? 
  definitley not . 
  this cutscene takes place before the events of shi no numa . 
  i talked about this a bit with a friend earlier , i 'm hoping that they have the same normal map you can play but with more doors to open . 
  so if you wan na play it normally you can just not open those doors . 
  what if they finished the book on their own , then he got to add a bunch of random sketches before they publish it . 
  i know , but at the time of this cutscene , og takeo , dempsey and nikolai are all at call of the dead . 
  i know a lot of 15 year olds . 
  that 'd be interesting , would make it fun to open up some doors to different places on the already existing map though . 
  pretty sure this has been posted a few times . 
  it 's fine , i just feel like i remember it :p, 
  is n't it weird how the pixels on your screen can make you count the amount of wieners there just to see if someone was right about a girl getting penetrated 11 times ? 
  dude , get on my level . 
  i was in a car crash when i was like 5 and the cop let me drive with him in his car . 
  that 's such a hilarious scene . 
  50 shades of grey ? 
  qt\u03c0, 
  it 'd be hilarious if his name actually was freeman . 
  pretty sure they all have wealthy families in la so they 're pretty ignorant about the outside world . 
  damn , you really are old . 
  i could see pixar doing that . 
  but was it good ? 
  they looked pretty good but i 'm not sure if that 's just the way they were prepared . 
  read that as `` han solo '' and was very confused . 
  well , if they do that why not just have a true 50/50 post ? 
  i really want someone from / r/highqualitygifs to make this now . 
  paging / u/preggit and / u/hero0fwar . 
  ugh , my list is soo long at the moment :(, 
  luckily most of them still only have like 1-3 seasons but still . 
  their sub is fucking relentless with the spoilers . 
  there 's always a huge trend of games . 
  a few years ago it was ww2 war fps games , now it 's post apocalypse survival games . 
  something new will come soon , all we need to do is wait . 
  i 'm proud of myself now , thanks :p, 
  i 'm honored , thanks :p, 
  lucy ? 
  can someone eli5 why everyone fails with the arm ? 
  oh thanks , i never realised that underscores give you italics on reddit as well . 
  i just learned the other day that they do on skype . 
  someone says this in the comments * . 
  * comics, 
  whatever these * things are called for bold text . 
  write / help or something for various commands in group chats . 
  * pfft *,
