  not to mention . 
  60 + million people seem to have missed everything he said the last year too . 
  it 's like waving that gun at anyone who steps on your lawn . 
  but ignoring climate change because you 're afraid of nuked is idiotic . 
  nuclear winter presumably . 
  really ? 
  i 'm in bergen and i have n't seen them anywhere . 
  i do n't actually have a source on this but my impression is that a very high percentage of americans have never left the country , largely because a lot of people do n't have a passport , and not feeling the need to because of the big variety between states . 
   god this is a dumb conversation all together . 
  agreed , i do n't really know what happened but oh well , i guess the point is that the person in this post is dumb , and merry christmas . 
  yup , i notice it as soon as i play th because i 'm poppin ' heads left and right , so glad it 's not in online because it 'd be a literal hell to counter . 
  just far easier to control . 
  i see what you 're trying to say , but you 're doing it terribly . 
  he 's a known climate change denier so through context you can find out that he will ignore it . 
  how did you forget it was christmas ? 
  ( i assume you just practice a different religion ), 
  i do n't think anyone was surprised , it was all in good fun . 
  source ? 
  i agree that celebrating it every day is nice but christmas is his birth , not death . 
  someone mentioned habana before he went in so i think it was just a brain fart . 
  what platform are you on ? 
  agreed , but getting 7-12 downvotes just for asking a simple question seems excessive . 
  i know , but it does n't change the fact that christmas is for celebrating his birth . 
  fair enough , merry christmas anyways though and good luck with the new year , 
  ca n't tell if you 're joking . 
  i only post here if it 's a specific problem that i ca n't find on google . 
  must have misinterpreted the `` you lied '', 
  none of the links on that google page appear to have the answer i was looking for . 
  does n't make it taste bad, 
  was steam attacked ? 
  i know it went down but i did n't realize it was a hack . 
  literally any decently educated person believes that jesus existed . 
  yes , he was . 
  would you like to specify what quantity of muslims then ? 
  currently in norway , can confirm , hardcore hail going on . 
  ah , thanks, 
  wow , really ? 
  interesting . 
  lol , he 's pretty [ terrible ] ( https://youtu.be/16mg33bzkck ) . 
  fatness and being prepubescent will cause both of those . 
  he posts daily , meaning that every day he gets 4 or 5 kill rounds against diamond players every day , and still finds time to edit the videos and function as a normal person . 
  he 's widely regarded as one of the best players in siege . 
  how about you give me a video that 's half as impressive as his . 
  to be fair , with that father it 's very possibly that she knew what it meant . 
  it definitely happens , far more than americans are willing to admit . 
  being alone in a house with a women after not seeing a woman for months , and you 're the one with the gun . 
  i do n't see why it 's unlikely at all . 
  but celsius is more logical than fahrenheit and people actually use it , compared to trying to teach everyone kelvin . 
  anytime anyone has any sort of opinion on anything nowadays they 're suddenly `` triggered '' . 
  it 's just better to use celsius and americans seem to be too dumb to understand why . 
  why does it keep saying -5 c when i try converting it ? 
  there are definitely times when their husband has just been killed/is out fighting/is out of the house . 
  yeah , but more personal scandals , he definitely did n't get his dick sucked by monica lewinsky or had an illegal immigrant wife . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , if a military man enters a house containing only a woman or girl it 's more than possible . 
  huh , idk how i messed that up twice ... 
  i checked on 2 different sites , my bad . 
  yeah , a leading theory has been killing off leia in the next one and killing luke in the last one to leave it to the new generation of jedi . 
  americans triggered . 
  how ? 
  we care because it takes time out of our day to research what you mean when you write temperature in fahrenheit . 
  god forbid snowflake americans learn to use the same units as other countries . 
  not a giant company though , they have a bunch of verification first . 
  i was gon na `` um actually '' you about rainbow six siege , and although it 's great now , it was admittedly a shitshow on release . 
  i 'm very compelled to make a very awful joke about german christmas markets right now . 
  that 's our word , keep racism out of here . 
  yeah , i 've gotten vote kicked twice for teamkilling after we won the round because they killed the hostage . 
  agreed , i 'm norwegian and anytime i 'm at a friends place and i see `` hode skudd '' i immediately tell them to change it back . 
  i can hear matchmaking laughing in the distance . 
  although there 's no jumping , there 's some unexpected vaulting sometimes , an example that might be hard to remember if you 're a noob ; next time you 're in the kitchen on the map `` chalet '' , try getting onto the island/counter in the middle of the room , then if you 're a 2 or 3 speed operator , try sprinting towards the fridge in the corner of the room and hitting the vault button . 
  a lot of the time you can get to the very top of the fridge and it 's not a common spot , so you can usually surprise attackers . 
  if you 're on ps4 i would n't mind helping you learn some good tricks for getting good , i 'm gold 3 level 116 . 
  i 'd say some of your best bets would be : either of ash 's guns , although the g36 is a bit worse than the other , the mp7 for bandit and 416-c for j\u00e4ger . 
  doc and rook 's mp5 is good but not used much because of their low mobility , the famas for twitch and really anything from iq . 
  do n't believe there is , no . 
  he 's probably one of your best bets for dlc ops , the only others would be valkyrie and buck imo , although buck 's c8 has a lot of recoil on pc i hear ( it 's fine on ps4 ) , and valkyrie , although she requires some good map knowledge to use well . 
  the most definitely should n't do that with new maps for ranked . 
  / r/kenm, 
  thousands ? 
  i 'd imagine it 's safe to say billions . 
  why does n't this have more upvotes ? 
  try it now . 
  worked for me . 
  if you 're on ps4 go ahead and add me , `` ghostmw2awsome '' , i agree with the looking down thing , i spend a lot of time looking for frost mats and kapkan traps . 
  yeah , i 've seen tons of gore and death , beheadings and shootings on reddit but the one thing i 've never made myself watch is a clip of a guy beheading a kitten that has been linked a few times . 
  yup , yesterday a teammate downed himself and an enemy , i was caveira , i revived him , went to interrogate and got teamkilled because he said i was stealing his kill . 
  this was when we were 2v2 on overtime matchpoint . 
  we lost . 
  if you do n't realize the extent of it , there was 1 second left of a 2v1 on overtime match point , in ranked . 
  i wish this was a joke . 
  edit : before you mention the kaplan trap , i was on defense , the point of this post is that we 'd have an automatic win if i had stayed in the game for literally 1 second longer . 
  i like how your entire baseline for him being `` clearly a noob '' is that he missed a shot one time . 
  you said it was because he shot at the teammate and did n't even kill him . 
  i think it 's just him being amped up on adrenaline from just killing like 15 guys and the fact that if he does n't get those plans millions of his troops will die , and he 'll lose decades of work . 
  ps4 queuing for game , listening to podcast on phone , playing battlefront 2 on my windows laptop and browsing this sub on my mac . 
  someone called out the hibana and he had a momentary lapse in awareness but very luckily realized before it was too late . 
  the point of the post is how lucky he was to have shot 4 shots right at his teammates head without hitting him once . 
  i would consider myself a bit above average but ca n't for the life of me hit platinum , any tips ? 
  can confirm , 
  probably could have worded the title better . 
  friendly .
