  if you trust your aim a good strategy is the takeout and then as soon as you hear the shield shoot their head . 
  math is hard . 
  why is chanka saluting tho ? 
  they 're memes of a forgotten time . 
  after playing mwr for the last month , it 's most definitely not . 
  why are you downvoted ? 
  lol , you literally just gave context to back up your argument . 
  oh , i took it in response to the `` last 3 weeks '' thing . 
  yup , went to a range a few weeks ago , when i was visiting from a different country , safe to say the instructor was ** very ** ready to take me down and was quick to grab the gun as soon as i let it veer to the left a bit , like not very far at all , but so that it was pointed maybe 3 feet to the left . 
   2 years, 
  time will do it 's work , you must only be patient , young one . 
  i 'd say that it 's closer to `` paki '' than `` swede '' on the racism scale , nevertheless it probably should n't be something you get offended by , unless it seems like it 's intentionally used to offend someone . 
  my bad . 
  i 'm sorry about your uncle , but i 'd say at a range it 's less personal and the people renting it do n't need to know, 
  do n't know , seems a bit arbitrary , i guess it 's just that there 's not as many people saying `` damn swedes ruining our country '' as the alternative . 
  that might also be correct , but polish and russian people are mostly white and `` slav '' or `` polack '' are a bit less ok than `` swede '' . 
  i 'm suddenly compelled to make re-written bible verses every day for the subreddit now . 
  it veered far enough that i would be aiming at the person 2 booths over 's target , so about 3 feet to the left of my target , basically i was just holding it a bit passively after i had emptied it . 
  i would imagine fast food employees . 
  no , that 's what i 'm saying , they 're all just shortened versions of the nationality 's name . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  i mentioned the `` racism scale '' going from `` swede '' - not being racist at all , to `` paki '' - being quite offensive . 
  fuck i loved that game so much back in the day . 
  are n't they just shortened names for the nationalities ? 
  i do n't know how big arizona cans are but i would imagine around $ 5 - $ 6 . 
  what 's freezer burn ? 
  i 've been watching a bunch of family guy on netflix recently and i noticed in the crossover episode how much funnier i find the simpsons , homer 's one of my favorite tv characters ever . 
  it 's fun though !, 
  relevant username . 
  another point to add here , you 're lucky if there 's 2-3 people in the room at any given time , and you 're even more lucky if you manage to kill 1 or 2 of them . 
  yeah but it 's tiny and nobody would be trying to peek through the roof after that . 
  you should look up some of the other operator videos for siege , the ones i would recommend are glaz , smoke , thatcher , thermite and maybe ash . 
  pause icon in the bottom corner indicating this was fake , i guess if you actually believed this was real . 
  why would anyone believe him ? 
  this is obviously a joke . 
  what 's wrong with liking both games ? 
  it 's a little annoying for me to do that too because i 'll usually just throw a frag at the ceiling , knowing it 'll fall down and kill them . 
  how does pirating the season pass even work ? 
  are there actual game files on your computer that give you the new content ? 
  interesting , where have you heard this ? 
  i 've never heard that before . 
  still though , the joke being that bandit does n't actually have infinite time outside now . 
  that 's just a common issue with statistics , that 's like going to a soccer game and when there 's no baseball fans there , you draw the conclusion that the soccer team wo n't let baseball fans into the stadium , rather than the more likely explanation , that baseball fans simply do n't hang out at soccer games . 
  the reason that there 's more syrian refugees being let into the us that are muslim than christian is because there 's simply more muslims in syria than there are christians . 
  although the one guy he went against was apparently completely incompetent . 
  as a norwegian , it 's nice to see we finally got the swedes and finns back . 
  wait really ? 
  that fucking sucks if you 're being serious . 
  just assume anything 's fan made unless the comments or the op seem to imply otherwise . 
  there 's a `` leak '' flair for posts that are actual leaks as well so look out for that . 
  how would that help them learn to get better at the game ? 
  first world, 
  does n't help you with the angles that people will hold , th is far more straight forward than mp . 
  filthy for young boi, 
  relevant username . 
  it makes me irrationally upset that there 's no spaces after the period in this sentence . 
  and some people enjoy being able to play the fucking game without being vote-kicked for their level . 
  nobody 's saying that , op is just pointing out a bug . 
  seems like correcttherecord is the best cross here ... 
  amazing !, 
  will definitely check it out once it comes out for ios . 
  `` actually my great grandmother was a quarter french on her neighbors side '' is more common than `` my parents are french '', 
  `` african , irish or danish '', 
  you know , those 2 small countries and the massive continent . 
  they live in their parent basement and force their parent to make them pizza rolls at any waking moment . 
  thanks for actually having a discussion rather than the normal toxicity that ensues anytime politics are brought up . 
  and look at it from our perspective , we 've just endured 18 months of insufferable trump supporters . 
  how is racism , homophobia and constant antagonization being `` right '' ? 
  in the land of the killers , a sinners mind is a sanctum . 
  good thing your first time lasted a while . 
  ca n't imagine anyone * ever * finishing to * that * . 
  she went to hold onto the rope to keep her balance and preemptively leaned into it before she knew it was n't tightly fastened . 
  if everyone vote kicked low-level players they would be as good as banned . 
  i could tell from your flawless accent in the con-person episode . 
  i do n't know if you like superhero movies , but this is what they 're talking about in ant-man when they explain how he shrinks . 
  you should also watch the vsauce video on this phenomenon , it 's very good . 
  e : [ now that i 'm not on mobile . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye8rkg9dw4s ), 
  i 'm so sad because i ca n't play that game . 
  it 's terribly ported to ps4 . 
  are n't cucumbers generally the same size , if not quite a bit bigger than sausages ? 
  i love how in the course of 5 hours , 4 different people can have a back and forth where 2 of them spend their free time making pointless short videos for arbitrary points , all while each of them are in different parts of the world and none of them ever spoke a word to each other . 
  i get that , i just meant the way he ran his campaign under the idea of `` keep all muslims out '' does n't constitute being `` right '' in my mind . 
  that 's the idea , i 'm pretty sure that having two atoms touch would cause a nuclear explosion though . 
  it 's too inconsistent , how the fuck is he running up someone 's arm when they specifically stated his weight would n't change . 
  yeah , do n't even get me started on that fucking tank . 
  how so ? 
  could work well , say you have a capit\u00e3o and you 're a montagne , you can just tap on your phone and the capit\u00e3o will know where to shoot his fire . 
  yeah , i 've been following this for a week or so now and i 'd love to donate if i got the chance . 
  he does intend to keep it free : https://www.reddit.com/r/rainbow6/comments/5isqcu/update_tactical_maps_app_release_on_android_ios/dbauc7q/, 
  good call , did n't even think of that , would it be possible though ? 
  is it based on size or strength ? 
  i think i 'm literally just too lazy to stress out about stuff . 
  waking up from a great dream is the fucking worst . 
  nope , rook 's placing armor would disappear , rather make it so he automatically puts it on as part of the place animation . 
  because it would make it so a much higher percentage of people never placed down the armor bag . 
  why have n't you bought a lottery ticket yet . 
  but now there 's a simple system where rooks place down their armor basically every round , why change it ? 
  but it would ruin the quality of life for anyone who does n't pick rook . 
  it 's not though , i would wager at least 30 % of people who choose rook would never drop the bag unless they had to to pick up armor .
