  yeah , i love how they 'll shit talk cnn for having a bias , then watch fox news , read breitbart and browse t_d all day . 
  is n't it redundant to say that you 're autistic and use 4chan in the same sentence ? 
  because the entire site would be unusable for at least a month . 
  it 'd be like destroying the hornets nest , where do all the hornets go ? 
  yeah , but it was all ignored as `` fake news '' . 
  new code : 84r9989hdmgu, 
  worked for me , let me know how it works for you . 
  very different games though . 
  that was / r/atheism though , not fair . 
  ah , i found it on the xbox sub i believe , it worked for me so i thought i 'd share it here in case it worked for everyone else too . 
  `` n\u00f5 mexican\u00f5s '', 
  actually it 's pronounced `` ayyyy '' . 
  mexic\u00f5 is a confusing language . 
  after watching that video a few years ago was the first time i felt depressed , it made me realize that the universe is so massive , and we live for so briefly , that nothing i could conceivably do would matter in the slightest . 
  just put a 2tb ssd in my ps4 a week ago , what is this guy talking about ? 
  to drop bombs ? 
  n o r m i e m e m e, 
  why is that kid having a seizure . 
  you sure got him . 
  out of curiosity , would things like the 9/11 attacks , or for a less extreme example , the pulse nightclub shooting , be considered hate crimes ? 
  that 's interesting , when i lived there we had a day where we learned how do act if there was an active shooter , but it seems as though they 're pretty uncommon . 
  excuse my ignorance but , what personal gain would this have ? 
  why would she do it ? 
  interesting that you could essentially have a `` dyslexia language '' to write for people that ca n't read letters then . 
  it 'd be 2021 ... 
  please make it so they ca n't fuze through both before they break the outer barricade too . 
  it 'd give defenders a slight heads up at least . 
  but why does that make you want to not eat lobster ? 
  do we have any indication on the release ? 
  summer like last season ? 
  fair point ... 
  i have no clue how that did n't occur to me . 
  i 'm gon na level with you here , i honestly ca n't recall posting that comment . 
  i know that crab has to be cooked before it dies because if not it 'll go bad iirc . 
  this kills the crab . 
  lol , i seem to have been wrong . 
  yup , need their safe spaces . 
  yup , i watch a news show on youtube that is extremely unbiased and tries only to report facts , the host says one negative thing about trump and t_d call him biased left wing propaganda . 
  clearly , they 're thinking of the country 's good , and will finally deport trump supporters . 
  beep beep beep beep beep beep beep, 
  beep beep beep beep beep beep beep, 
  beep beep beep, 
  beep beep beep beep, 
  beep beep beep beep beep beep beep, 
  beep beep beep beep beep beep beep, 
  beep beep beep, 
  beep beep beep beep, 
  beep beep beep beep beep beep beep, 
  beep beep beep beep beep beep beep, 
  beep beep beep, 
  beep beep beep beep, 
  they do work in pvp but they 're preferences not filters . 
  i know a lot of people turn them off , or he simply did n't think it would hit through 2 windows and a wall . 
  but hibana was walking around before the mvp screen ... ? 
  yeah , i remember in cod you 'd always see someone 's body stand up for a second when they watched the killcam . 
  if i get some spare time i 'm gon na make the same video with this clip in stead lol . 
  oh i see , a few things though ,, 
  1 : how did hibana die after the round ended ? 
  2 : why did frost turn into a recruit ? 
  3 : why was defence recruit there ? 
  did he ever come back ? 
  i did n't realize that the video ended before i had waited at least 20 seconds . 
  why tho ? 
  this is the whole `` stop loading your mounted guns with blanks '' thing all over again . 
  if you 're on ps4 i have a squad that could get you to plat at least . 
  you pretty much need people to play with when you get to plat/diamond . 
  this is not answering any questions . 
  the season release is when sp owners get the ops , everyone gets the new map immediately , as well as the general updates . 
  why ? 
  i believe it 's 35gb + 15gb-16gb worth of updates . 
  they 're not going to lol . 
  'cause they fuzing everyone up in here ? 
  how would you phrase it ? 
  season pass owners do get it for free , they pay for the season pass , not the operators . 
  it 's implied that you have to pay when they say `` anyone who purchases a season pass for year two '' . 
  i literally do n't understand your logic here at all . 
  they are free if you purchase the season pass . 
  that 's all we have so far . 
  idk how the art depiction we got confirmed mira as a defender , just because she was helping tachanka does n't really mean that she 's a defender . 
  have n't you been keeping up with trumps executive orders ? 
  man , if only there were some way to find out that trump would repeal the aca before they voted for him , these poor people sure got tricked . 
  how 'd you get 66 rank points in a single match ? 
  is this pc only ? 
  canadian , living in eu, 
  psn : ** ghostmw2awsome **, 
  he 's almost certainly an attacker , i 'm just saying that there does n't seem to be any evidence that mira is a defender . 
  that makes more sense , i was assuming that this was in an actual game for some reason . 
  i thought it was number 1 ? 
  huh , i 've been getting that but i thought it was tied to level , not win/loss . 
  they can obstruct your view of things standing in front of teammates , like enemies . 
  yeah i have 6-7 people i play with regularly , ranged from gold 2 - diamond , i 'll add you . 
  what region are you in ? 
  i 'm so sorry that i got something wrong . 
  yup , nobody believes in any god anymore . 
  too bad everyone just suddenly stopped believing in religion . 
  but what if i have to * see it * in game ?!? 
   all those previous bushido sets at least had modified versions of helmets ... 
  i 'm fairly certain that there 's a rule written somewhere that they can never give pulse a good looking headgear . 
  i 'm so glad that people here like serenity , i was beginning to think that this was like when i got in to battle rap and my favorite rapper was the one everyone hated . 
  he was gon na update his drone to actually kill people but halfway through the engineering process he decided that yokai could do the rest .
