  yeah lol . 
  to quote brady haran on twitter , ( on hope solo ) : `` it 's not losing she 's bad at . 
  she did that perfectly by failing to save a penalty . 
  it 's sportsmanship she 's bad at . '', 
  well , i mean someone who 's been banned must be more than average familiar with the tos . 
  that said i would imagine phil knows what he 's doing . 
  does n't look great ? 
  might just be the stream but man this looks like a step down from bo3 graphically . 
  `` futuristic '' , why would they do that as de is set in the 60s and gk is the 40s ... 
  i was thinking of bo1 moon which is in the 60s , probably the 40s as well . 
  is n't it ? 
  anyone still think it looks bad compared to bo3 ? 
  like they 're still running on a ps3 engine ? 
  really ? 
  seems like a strange time , i guess i just linked it to the space race in the 60s . 
  makes sense . 
  * today ? 
  oh god i feel so stupid ... lmao just now after 20 mins realized it because of this comment . 
   old timey 50s business hats, 
  i 'm sad about the syllables on both these . 
  at least add a `` sir '' after the `` i 'm sorry '', 
  roses are red ,, 
  `` boom !, 
  '' , says doctor groph . 
  but god damn it guys ,, 
  your syllables are off . 
  you also do n't day `` car-sil '' though . 
  but for your dick would n't that just be normal bush ? 
  or what angle is the picture taken from ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  uhhh ... 
  i 'm no expert but i do n't think that 's how poems work . 
  no , i mean i looked at the post , did n't understand it after looking at it for maybe 2 minutes , opened up the comments and kept browsing reddit for like 15 mins before i looked at the comments an understood the joke . 
  yeah , but it also just flows kinda strangely . 
  after a nights sleep it 's making more sense though . 
   '' easy if you know what your doing '', 
  seems to me like the very definition of not easy . 
  mob of the dead maybe ? 
  i have no clue ... 
  but they 're only on one map , you would n't refer to the soe characters as the `` bo3 characters '', 
  do n't spend much time on reddit ? 
  that chinese food is n't very filling . 
  yup , sign of a totally healthy mind when they publicly advocate mass genocide , possibly of a non-hostile people . 
  the day after i delete bf4 and hardline to make space so i could move around some games . 
  doubt my internet could even download it before it 's over . 
  i always talked to my friend about this and i ca n't tell if it 's be super cheesy or super awesome if it transitioned between the voices while she was saying that quote . 
  finally a map to top nacht in scaryness . 
  they confirmed it 'll be playable and it 's almost certainly gon na be released on sep. 6th . 
  i use jolly lodger and mad ratz , which are both pretty nice looking imo , not super `` professional '' though . 
  also , i know i 'm awful and use horribly inefficient methods , as well as camtasia being pretty bad overall . 
  i know , i have final cut as well which i could do that in but i guess i hate myself or something . 
  except on some razer product my friend showed me where the icon is on the bottom of the usb , lmao why razer ? 
  maybe he was a close family member ? 
  probably not but possible . 
  yeah if it 's 20 mins , i thought it was like 4 hours . 
  ohhhh, 
  you see those lowercase `` ohhhh `` s ? 
  they 're for your lowercase joke . 
  music is about 85 % of youtube 's revenue , i do n't think they 'd care about pewdiepie, 
  it 'll be today or thursday, 
  doubt it . 
  e : please do n't downvote just because it 's not what you want to hear . 
  please give me one piece of evidence that we 'll see an apothicon servant upgrade ? 
  what ... ? 
  i was wondering that too ... today is the 23rd , 14 days before the 6th , meaning that unless they for some crazy reason release dlc 4 on the 13th ( something no cod dev has ever done before ) , it 'll have to be today , and if not i 'd be floored if it 's not thursday . 
  no , i 'm saying that they 'll care much more about the artists on youtube that have audiences of 100s of millions . 
  i would literally be stunned if it did n't release within the next hour . 
  literally name me one trailer that came out a week before a map and i 'll buy you gold . 
  this is the map trailer , not the announcement . 
  like with revelations right now . 
  in the relevant context . 
  you said that the current map reveal trailer wo n't be released until a week before the map comes out , which is wrong . 
  the warden is brutus . 
  no , i mean the warden 's name is brutus , they 're the same person . 
  i 'd be shocked if this was n't the case , hype !, 
  lmao , very ` gladiator ' . 
  you 're right , the quote was in the context of supply drop attachment variants . 
  which are purely cosmetic . 
  pls 3arch, 
  my thoughts exactly , why would they have this dlc art for a dlc that 's only 20 % zombies ? 
  me_irl , plus i only have one power and hdmi plug so i need to re-plug in all my shit and it 's in low graphics , strange controls , no sliding , etc. . . 
  i 'd love remakes for this reason . 
  allegedly this is n't the dlc price , i 'm hopeful though because it 'll confirm remakes/more than 1 zombie map . 
  some from origins too , imo this seems like remake teasing but of course i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  you should make a strawpoll with ranges ( 20-30 , 70-80 ), 
  i just really hope this remake hype is grounded and it 's not just one map . 
  no way they 'll wait 'till codxp to reveal the map . 
  lol, 
  nah , probably thursday . 
  yup :(, 
  there 's still thursday !, 
  i know right . 
  they 're novas , boom , answered . 
  keepers and apothicons were n't even a faint idea when kino was made so no . 
  at least with the blood vials . 
  the 6th . 
  i 'd be shocked if it was the 13th . 
  oh lord hold me , please treyarch , please do n't let us down . 
  lmao , good question . 
  would the the best thing for pubic sessions imo,
