  haha , i 'm gon na use that . 
  e : oh no , my maymay points . 
  of course . 
  i 'm not home right now but you should add me on psn : ghostmw2awsome . 
  is it bad that i watched the first 10-15 mins and turned it off to play video games instead ? 
  dude , the end of s4 is insane , i 'm jealous of you . 
  even though it 's kind of cheesy at times it 's still my favorite show ever . 
  i feel like i 'm the only one who still likes this show . 
  i remember i had my reddit account for like 2 months before i actually tried to get into it one day . 
  never look back . 
  a humans ears ca n't even hear more than 24 syllables per minute so it 's really just a waste . 
  i got a tip that you 're supposed to do push-ups when looking at a loading screen , i 'm gon na gain weight when i get a pc this summer . 
  jack ? 
  even on my ps4 i do n't get loading screens because of my ssd : s, 
  he has scissors for hands ? 
  not sure if you 're messing with me . 
  is that pronounced `` sis-eeny '' ? 
  interesting , thanks . 
  original grandma . 
  i realize this now , carry on . 
  u fukn wot m8 . 
  for another song in the same style definitely listen to `` dear diary '' . 
  forgive me if i 'm being ignorant but are n't the `` director mode '' and rockstar editor separate entities ? 
  so we can expect it some time next fall . 
  i agree with you , i mean just with the heist update they were really pushing the limits of the ps3 . 
  i think it 's great that all the old gen players are getting the dlc as well , but they 're gon na need to stop making content for old gen consoles eventually and it seems that it 's gon na be in the not too distant future . 
  but is n't only the editor confirmed for new gen ? 
  ahh , sweet . 
  i 've been under the impression that it was only the editor . 
  oh my god , i thought this was / r/circlejerk for a second . 
  clarifying that you 're a girl was a good idea . 
  if you 're on ps4 i 'll do it . 
  is it bad that about 20 minutes after i was done with it i was back down to like 1.3 mill ? 
  what 's that reference ? 
  [ nvm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=28&amp;v=9y3baovxpse ) , ( the beginning . ), 
  i just bought everything . 
  you 're sure he did n't just say `` pop a cap in yo ' ass '' ? 
  you sit 4 minutes into a rickroll ? 
  me too, 
  ahhh !, 
  i 've taken so many screenshots wishing i could have them as wallpapers . 
  also if you could have them cycle every time you turn your ps4 on . 
  if you have spotify you can use `` spotify connect '' . 
  sorry if i 'm being stupid but is this possible to do with a ssd ? 
  sweet , thanks . 
  not in the savage . 
  dang , i have like 700 + hours . 
  i like it , as long as you can also remove the actual blue markers as well . 
  it wo n't make any difference for me but i hope dlna does get released soon for anyone who 's only paying for spotify for the ps4 . 
  is it just me or does this look meh ? 
  you do realize that you can have a monitor with a ps4 right ? 
  actually got a ps4 . 
  this needs to be in the sidebar or something . 
  call of duty : ghosts . 
  season 2 's not that bad while binge-watching . 
  yeah , i feel like it 's kind of the same thing as someone saying `` i 'm glad mods are n't for consoles because i do n't want them . '', 
  i love how there 's allen , neville and quanglarr , then some weirdo decided to call his kid `` tim '' . 
  my step brother was like this . 
  it was so horrible hanging out with him . 
  he was about 3-4 years younger than me . 
   article says they sold 4m copies . 
  ftfy, 
  i have n't played witcher ( i 'm considering buying it because a website in my country accidentally listed it at $ 20 ) but i have over 700 hours of gta online so i 'd say i got my moneys worth . 
  ( both times . ), 
  i slowed down at 120 ( when you 've unlocked everything ) and i 'm at 153 now . 
  still have a lot of fun just messing around , really hyped for the update tomorrow . 
  do n't edit . 
  i really want to work with you guys to some capacity . 
  where are you guys based ? 
  not yet : s, 
  ps4 for now , working on building a pc if i get enough working my summer job . 
  i do n't even remember it after watching the show twice , my mind just automatically removes it from my memory when i start s4 . 
  i love just flying around in planes or driving boats . 
  i guess it 's just preference . 
  i see what you mean but there are still a bunch of vehicles you ca n't steal and as someone who almost only plays freeroam , i use them a lot . 
  i know norway , i live here . 
  i was wondering where in norway . 
  this sub is like reading a blr script . 
  not sure if it 's a proper name for it but i always call the koenigsegg 's one `` scissor doors '' . 
  or when he got caught for attempted insurance fraud . 
  but does n't the guy lean you back in the chair ? 
  i really hope it 's downloading to my ps4 right now . 
  i 'm at school but even left my ps4 on instead of standby just to make sure it would download . 
  they would 've advertised it if it was the casino . 
  with great penis , comes great gta update . 
  as someone who 's done the mastermind challenge ; dang that car is fucking expensive . 
  you knew that gifs were good because only people with capture cards could make them . 
  or just single player ... 
  doubt it . 
  i though the only reason for the dlc vehicles in traffic was because they were n't dlc vehicles and they were part of the core-game . 
  doubt it , the valentines day dlc did n't . 
  i remember when doing the mastermind i was somehow the only one that did n't die and was relieved because my friends always got super pissed and it was nice not being on the reciving end . 
  i 'm still gon na get it , just wayyyy too much annoying grinding with my idiot friends . 
  as someone who sat up for 7 hours drinking energy drinks waiting for my dads 700kb/s internet to download the independence day update . 
  it 's not that great , i rarely use the liberator and i do n't even remember if there were any more exclusives in that update . 
  just do n't blow it on the luxor . 
  i spent literally all of my money just on the new heists vehicles . 
  oh , do n't they just spawn at the airport ? 
  they did on ps3 . 
  haha , yeah .
