  yeah , that 's how the different specialist abilities work and why a bunch of maps have things like on infection , or nuk3town or things like that . 
  uh , 90 % of the people complaining about cod in these comments seem to be people who do n't play cod . 
  i have n't heard anyone who plays cod have a valid complaint about the innovation or lack thereof . 
  uh , cod 4 ? 
  the highest regarded cod game ? 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic . 
  no but switching up gameplay mechanics with the thruster packs and specialist abilities sure is . 
  exactly , so many people who complain about the lack of innovation do n't even play the game . 
  but black ops 3 was good . 
  they release different games every year , and the different developers spend 3 years on adding new features to their games . 
  so you 're saying you wish they went back to how it was , because it 's too different now ? 
  or is it just the same game every year ? 
  you say the last good one was mw2 , but also do n't seem to have played anything after that , or at least bo1 . 
  just commit to the developer you like best and only get it once every 3 years then . 
  or just do n't buy it at all , why do they need to stop making a game because its existence is too much for people to handle ? 
  it 's because it 's infinity ward , who are notoriously the worst cod developers with the 2 most hated cod games ever under their belts . 
  subjectively maybe , i know tons of people who like them and just because it 's not for you does n't mean the games are n't good . 
  turned up to 10,000 . 
  well maybe they 're making futuristic games because 3 years ago when they started working on iw that 's what people wanted , and they ca n't just cater to peoples need like that when they 're 70 % done with a game . 
  yeah but the op is purposefully ignoring tons of things that make the games good . 
  what 's the difference though ? 
  that each studio spends 9 years on their new game ? 
  at that point it does n't even help the game , it just dates it . 
  yeah , i 've been avoiding spoilers waiting for mine to arrive in the mail for the last 2 weeks lmao . 
  well first of all the exo suit in aw was n't present in bo3 , and the thruster plays completely differently . 
  bo3 has the specialists that help spice up the game a lot more , and just generally have been supporting the game more than shg ever did . 
  i ca n't speak for iw seeing as how it 's not out yet . 
  why 's that ? 
  i love die rise and buried , although they have a different tone than blundell 's maps , and i think zetsubou is far worse than either . 
  tranzit is hard to disagree on , so i wo n't , it 's pretty bad . 
  the comments on that post made me so sad , 99 % of the comments were just people hating on a game they 1 ) have n't played , or 2 ) have seen the trailers for so they 're basically an expert . 
  yeah basically . 
  now : `` i hate how they 're so futuristic and are trying to copy halo and titanfall ! '', 
  in 1-3 years when they go back to ww1/ww2 : `` they 're just trying to copy battlefield because they were successful ! '', 
  ** `` why the fuck is cod just the same game every year ?!, 
  ** `` why the fuck is cod so futuristic and space-y go back to how it used to be !, 
  the only thing the main channel puts out worth watching is the loop , matt is very good at actually reporting news , in the same way phil does . 
  how would he send them ? 
  snapchat ? 
  twitter ? 
  youtube ? 
  he has n't posted anything about it , and it 's not like people are going from his video to look for other news channels that reported it differently . 
  i do n't understand how you can fault phil or his viewers , just because he covered the story objectively better . 
  they did n't consider bieber 's perspective , or that he was fed up by all the people who were ignoring what he had to say , yet claimed to be his fans . 
  no he does n't have any control over it . 
  he can tell them what he thinks they should do , but they do n't have to listen to him , because he does n't actually have any power . 
  but yeah he sold the company , and now they 're just separate companies working in the same building . 
  yeah , i have n't watched much with the new hosts , but after the ogs left it was really just matt and steve who were still funny , then falzone came along and was pretty funny but now it just seems like they 're trying to retell jokes that were funny years ago and are failing miserably . 
  yeah , i basically never watch sourcefed other than the loop , but as soon as i saw the obviously biased title i knew there would be some fallout from that . 
  lol , their number sure are n't impressive , nowhere near phil at least . 
  sfn did at least 2 , maybe 3 several hour livestreams for when they passed 1m subs , and they were growing so slowly they basically just sat around most of the time from what i saw . 
  i do n't think phil has the power . 
  holy shit , i sure hope something comes of that because that 's an awesome crew . 
  yup , 14 + days in zombies and idk how much in mp . 
  6 or so i think . 
  well ghosts was barely in space for 1 mission in the campaign and what i meant by the dev cycle was that they ca n't really change what time period the game is set in after they start working on it 3 years prior . 
  3 years ago nobody was bored of future warfare so that 's why iw is a future warfare game . 
  sometimes there 's meaningful discussion on reddit . 
  this does n't seem to be one of those times . 
  well ghosts came right after bo2 and is highly regarded as the worst cod game of all time so it 's a bit unfair to draw the line there just because infinity ward are bad developers . 
  what i 'm hearing is `` yeah but that 's not the kind of innovation i want '' . 
  all these things are updates and new additions to bo3 , even if not new to the series . 
  take for example zombies , sure it existed since waw but it 's had tons of new features and innovation this year . 
  you 're arguing your subjective opinion against literal facts . 
  they do n't spend 3 years designing maps , you got me there . 
  yeah man , no problem . 
  yeah , i definitely agree to at least some extent , although i 'd say if you 're looking for a more realistic feel you should definitely go for something like battlefield or rainbow six . 
  yeah , i definitely see where you 're coming from , and i admit to assuming your position without you saying anything , mostly because i was in a bit of a ranty mode where i was just going from comment to comment telling people why they 're wrong , but you do bring up a valid point that i agree with . 
  only thing i 'll say is that if you liked zombies in world at war i 'd say it 's probably worth getting bo3 just for the zombies , i have over 14 days logged in zombies on bo3 and i love every second of it . 
  i can agree with the campaign , mostly because it get so incredibly little playtime compared to the rest . 
  multiplayer is more of a game to game basis , it 's also a bit more subjective . 
  however i 'd argue that zombies has done nothing but increase in quality since waw ( with a tiny dip in bo2 ) . 
  i did n't even think of that but you 're completely right , a giant squid monster is literally flying in the sky in one of the maps but dragons is where you draw the line ... ? 
  yeah , saving up for it right now lol , bf4 was a great time with friends . 
  ok , i 'm not trying to change your opinion or experience of the game , and i see where you 're coming from . 
  happy gaming . 
  oh , interesting , i have n't played the game yet so thanks . 
  thanks !, 
  just in time for the new season of twd !, 
  ( although i suspect any damage that can be , has been done lol ), 
  what i mean is that i 'll be much more inclined to get treyarch games , and instead judge the other games as just `` other game coming out this year '' . 
  it just so happens that i wanted to get aw regardless . 
  that 's what i 'm thinking , at this rate it 'll just be a 10 year cycle of : ww2 shooter  hate it , something new  future shooter  hate it , something new  ww2 shooter . 
  yeah , i do n't really know how to bring it up on a pro defranco/sourcefed forum , but man , i just do not find will or steve funny , at all , i ca n't listen to them talk to the point where i just stopped listening to the podcast . 
  there 's a website you can do that but it 's really clunky . 
  too many black people . 
  give every up or downvote 5000 point weight . 
  when / u/spez replies to a different comment 3 minutes after you post this one ... 
  awesome job guys !, 
  always love to see new features on reddit !, 
  except for those damn ads , how dare you guys market relevant things to me ? 
  i 'm perfectly happy seeing ads for drawing ... and , uhh , not much else really . 
   be rich, 
   do n't be poor, 
  also , that 's really just 1 redditor if you 're being honest . 
  hey its me ur friend who you want to fly out there first class and set me up with an apartment and interview, 
  thank got you had that / s !, 
  i though you were serious . 
  similar thing happened first time i was gilded lol , right place right time , no actual intelligent discussion needed . 
  i upvoted both , just to watch the world burn .
