  still more of a pain than having it in game ;(, 
  i 've done it 3 times and never failed it . 
  so op , would love it . 
  congrats , such a gratifying feeling and the calling card is dank af . 
  learn the maps and try to get to as high a rounds as possible . 
  honestly one of the funniest youtubers i know , super cool guy and the only thing i do n't really like is yiay just because the jokes are written by people that are n't him . 
  ahh the constant dilemma . 
  i 'm just gon na get the nyan cat one and use that :p, 
  now you see me 3 : you do n't, 
  ahh , going scorpion is n't fun if you 're over 12 , let me tell you haha . 
  stubbing your toe . 
  ca n't believe nobody 's said yvonne strahovski yet . 
  lmao, 
  she 's also his fucking daughter . 
  yeah man , this pile of cash is pretty comfy . 
  to do what exactly ? 
  you should get on that and let me know how that works out for you . 
  guys !, 
  i found trumps lurking account !, 
  lol, 
  e : i literally do n't remember writing this comment . 
  remember kids , hate is taught . 
  the ` murica flag makes it . 
  what ? 
  `` absolute beast '', 
  sure, 
  there 's no way they 're doing the 5th because people at treyarch would all have to work on an off day . 
  i hate it , not because it 's bad but because i do n't feel like watching a minute and a half of the same intro every 50 mins . 
  nice font on the crazy part though haha . 
  do you think they just release the map and go home for the day ? 
  they 'd have to prepare everything for release , post the dlc , look at forums and social media for bugs and game breaking glitches . 
  they 'd definitely not do that . 
  a bit more directly though . 
  no i 'm saying that it 's still a holiday and it 's way less logical for them to release it then than to just wait 'till the 12th, 
  adblock destroyed youtube ads . 
  lmao , i had no clue what was up with this scene but i laughed my ass off . 
  man i love luscheck . 
  did n't laugh at the time but thinking back that * is * pretty funny . 
  i think that 's just elder maxxxon . 
  great game , if not for the story , really fun gameplay and fluent parkour . 
  literally had no clue it was a widely disliked map before i started frequenting this sub . 
  haha , i was gon na reference that but i 'm also on mobile and ca n't spoiler tag haha, 
  they said they had `` no further plans '' but this is coming from the same deva that said that you could never buy nuketown and tg separate and them saying in bo2 that phd would return more than as an outside the map ee . 
  what a cute video , his pure happiness is so good to watch , 
  especially because she suffocated , i thought her spine snapped and at that point there 's not much they can do but if she just could n't breathe , there 's really no excuse . 
  i felt like i was watching lost for a second where everyone * has * to meet before their common destination . 
  amazing , huge props to the creators . 
  lol , he would be called p\u00f8bel . 
  really ? 
  where ? 
  they knew who they were giving it too lmao , maybe they made it extra hard . 
  i meant to write `` would n't '', 
  ah damn , good call . 
  god i hate this election . 
  jesus christ dude , he literally spelt it right there . 
  it might kill him because guns kill people . 
  can confirm , 3am right now , just pulled out phone for the 3rd time because i ca n't sleep . 
  what 's a pupper ? 
  what ... ? 
  why should he _ let _ the enemies destroy his streak ? 
  for me it 's mostly the co-op feature that does it , so much fun with friends . 
  alternate title ; `` over half of sanders supporters say they will vote for hillary '', 
  i guess that does n't get as many upvotes ... 
  i 'd love to try sleeping with it on or listening to a podcast or something then look around after . 
  i have two words for that :, 
  no but why is it invalid though ? 
  it was an unscratched card and the code 's definitely never been used , do n't know why it is n't working ? 
  ah that sucks ... oh well , thanks anyways . 
  agreed , the controls feel insanely stiff and awkward on console . 
  man i loved her this season . 
  it 's a monocle . 
  there 's actually a easter egg in bo3 that states that the eu got disbanded in 2025 so yeah . 
  lol @ whenever pcmr elitists do this . 
  yup , also how the subreddit feeds off of people misinformed about pc posting stupid comments , then turn around and upvote comments about battlefield running at 30fps 720p on xb1 . 
  as a norwegian , this comment makes me uncomfortable . 
  oh god , never heard this before , hope i never do again . 
  '' \u00c6 '' is a letter in norwegian that 's now pronounced the way you 'd think . 
  no it 's not ... 
  that 's not how private works, 
  definitely no thompson, 
  this is correct , just went through it frame by frame . 
  more frames available in supplydrops . 
  me too haha , favourite show by far . 
  still pulling for that movie lol . 
  it 's completely fine haha . 
  did you try gfycat ? 
  ah , the mw3 route ? 
  yeah , i always compliment games that have nice , fluent 3rd person animations because often it 's just like this where most guns have messed up reload animations or similar things . 
  he mentions it a bit later in the video , it 's a green light from the generator thingy that drops down from the sky . 
  you can see in that one frame with the ray gun thing on the left . 
  to a degree . 
  i agree with this in a way actually because i feel like my hype level has been on par with how the map turned out every time i 've seen a trailer since tranzit . 
  was n't super over the top for soe , it did n't turn out amazing . 
  super hyped for de , one of the best maps in zombies . 
  did n't think zns seemed too amazing , was underwhelming . 
  super hyped for this map , guess we 'll need the remindme bot lol . 
  the 12th for ps4 . 
  probably aug 9th or 16th for pc and xb . 
  if we do n't have a dlc4 trailer by september i 'll be salty af . 
  you 're just wrong , there 's no way they 'd do the 5th .
