  inb4 pcmr . 
  sorry about the shitty picture , zombies were chasing me :p, 
  i have the achievment for paping on round 1 without the bank . 
  yeah , i had mustang and sally , the pap 'd rpk , 4 perks and gersches . 
  good point . 
  sorry about that lol . 
  why would the hacker benefit you ? 
  oh shit , that 's why i keep getting points on moon . 
  yeah , it 's my favourite ac . 
  i 'm actually probably gon na get it , need money first though . 
  that sucks . 
  but it says i have n't pre-ordered so i do n't know if that 's it . 
  also , how long will it be do you think ? 
  for me it 's 14:31 right now , i believe it 's 1 hour ahead of gmt . 
  thanks , sweet . 
  `` when i go out i 'm a go out shootin ' . 
  -- i do n't mean when i die , i mean when i go out to the club , stupid . '', 
  that one-handed minigun salute was the shit . 
  some of these syllables are questionable . 
  it takes me about a day to download this and i wo n't get it before sunday ? 
  this is the best beta ever . 
  i wan na see this now . 
  that 's amazing . 
  i know every time i 'm talking to my friends i 'll take the time to say `` massively multiplayer online role-playing game '' every time i mention wow . 
  i do n't care if it 's $ 99 , $ 49 , $ 39 or 99 fucking cents !, 
  barriers are op r * pls nerf . 
  i did n't get this but the other day i got one that said i got $ 50k and some other thing i do n't remember . 
  oh , thanks . 
  which t-shirt ? 
  ( i had like 3 or 4 new ones ), 
  truly beautiful ... 
  i was 14 :(, 
  as a person with tons of controller drift it 's pretty hard to hit the head reliably . 
  he 's not famous . 
  we 're talking about the stan guy right ? 
  does he play the penguin in gotham ? 
  i will , thanks, 
  fuck no . 
  yeah lol , i 've been waiting to get more dwellers and just make power plants from now on . 
  do n't know what that means sorry . 
  ( is it a download ? ), 
  looked around a bit and did n't find anything except . rar files and i ca n't run those . 
  i 'm on mac . 
  thanks , but now i ca n't run the . exe, 
  took me 6 hours and counting the time i spend doing non-video game things it 'd take me an extra day . 
  she was pregnant lmao . 
  ca n't tell if this whole thread is just trolling ... 
  no , it 's the last perk or qr . 
  i 'd really like one of these but i 'd prefer it if it were a gender neutral razor . 
  * ghostcursor *, 
  yeah , i agree with your point , but i always used to play rainbow six : vegas 2 on solo and it was never this bad , it just added a bit of challenge . 
  ah man , sorry . 
  i did n't notice it when i skimmed through earlier . 
  no problem , i figured i 'd post them here since none of my friends wanted them . 
  what the fuck were those people even doing in that video ... ? 
  yes !, 
  he actually hit those guys with a fish !, 
   if they catch you off guard, 
  that kid looks so much like i did as a kid . 
  none of my friends have this game . 
  oh , yes , you can do a `` squad join '' or something like that and have your friends join . 
  if you do n't have the beta you can look and see if any of the codes on my other post still work . 
  i also watch sourcefed podcasts . 
  i think women would be offended to easily . 
  cod zombies is my favourite . 
  my record is 58 ( i think ), 
  ascension , a friend of mine has been going for 100 for a while now , his current record is [ 89 i think . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebr8v04sj3c ), 
  one thing i love so much about this line :, 
   obviously , if the important part of this promise was that slim would n't say the word `` fuck '' for six minutes , he fails to fulfill it ( he says it seconds later in this same verse ) . 
  however , incredibly , if you take this line as promising to avoid the construction `` fucking '' for six minutes , eminem actually fulfills it to the letter, 
   this line is delivered with about fifty seconds left of the track . 
  then , in `` i 'm back '' ( the track which immediately follows this one on the album ) , eminem uses the word `` fuck '' several times , but never uses the `` fucking '' construction . 
  `` i 'm back '' lasts , get this , 5 minutes and 10 seconds , meaning by the end of that song , slim has fulfilled his promise not to say `` fucking '' and is free to use it with impunity , [ as he does early on in the following track , `` marshall mathers . '' . 
  ] ( http://genius.com/10779 ), 
   this kind of insane , obscure brilliance in lyrical craft and song-writing is uniquely eminem . 
  source : rap genius, 
  i think he spent around 5 or 6 hours , i was skyping him the whole time . 
  you should run a different strat , 8-9 hours to 45 is horrifying as someone who went to 50 in 2 hours . 
  downvoted for visibility . 
  he 's really into it :p, 
  wait , do americans schools actually have police officers ? 
  it 'll usually match the job to a number that 's realistic for that job . 
  it 's his fault , and not my card . 
  i 'll tell him about it and he can do what he wants . 
  yeah , it was from one of those stupid sites . 
  i tried to warn him but he said `` no dude , it 's totally legit and tons of people i know have done it '' . 
  that makes sense , i go to a school with 150ish students in norway and it seems pretty outlandish to me . 
  pretty casual , every knows everyone pretty much . 
  i bet they saw the `` straight outta chill '' thing and thought people would like netflix and chill instead . 
  no it 's not , it 's a several year old joke that was n't funny then either . 
  edit : jeez , sorry . 
  please do n't spoil the game for those of us who do n't wan na know some of these things . 
  i do n't know what to say ... 
  99 % sure it 's a mod . 
  except with trees, 
  which movie ? 
  the one from roosterteeth was on xb so you could check that out . 
  i have a friend like this , i hate when he starts going on rants like this . 
  i know i 'll get downvoted for this , but you sound like a dick .
