  apostrophe abuse like this should be a bannable offense . 
  why ? 
  i thought it was a funny picture i found on reddit , does n't mean anything about what i think of other races . 
  i think so , yeah . 
  yeah , they said the timing was n't intentional but that 's pretty hard to believe , a week before the election . 
  god , such a great episode . 
  i wonder how long it 's gon na take someone on youtube to make a clickbait video titled : `` why there wo n't be a new president in 2016 '' , where they just explain this lol . 
  i was gon na defend cod , because i like black ops 3 , but yeah , 7.9 is fucking stupid . 
  honestly i 'm more surprised that people are still buying games for those systems . 
  just look at black ops 3 for last gen , if you want money enough , there 's no downscaling too far . 
  as someone who likes bo3 , the ps3 and xbox versions should have been choked in the crib . 
  why do you say that ? 
  i saw this in the youtube comments when watching the trailer yesterday too and i agree with you . 
  scripted ? 
  yes . 
  pre-recorded ? 
  yes . 
  pre-rendered ? 
  highly doubt it , and if they did , i 'm pretty sure the disclaimer that it 's actual gameplay opens them up for lawsuit . 
  just started watching his videos yesterday and i 'm starting to realize how much worse i am than the `` good players '' . 
  i always thought i was just a bit lower but god damn he 's amazing . 
  this was asked on / r/askmen a while back and the general consensus was `` nobody cares '' . 
  yeah , makes me think of stories like genie the feral child , how do we know nobody 's living like that right now ? 
  oh , cool , a political subreddit where people respect each other 's opinion . 
  nice man !, 
  or i can make the video * and * reddit post to double down on adsense and karma . 
  oh yeah , i get why they did the mods thing , but still stupid . 
  from what i understand the cross platform thing has always been a push for the less popular company . 
  back in the ps3/360 days sony wanted cross platform and now microsoft do . 
  good point , either they 're missing , the bullets you can see are from a bigger gun , or every round is a tracer which seems wasteful . 
  i think zetsubou was done before release but the youtubers milked it for the ee search streams . 
  there were guides for the masamune before it was out and that 's like 80 % of the ee . 
  wow , imgur is so laughably bad on mobile . 
  awesome !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 've just been getting properly into ranked and it 's really helping me looking at someone actually good lol . 
  yeah but europe is literally a completely new country , not just some different people . 
  why ? 
  never going outside of freezing cold norway , thanks . 
  would n't you kill these bugs if you found them in your house ? 
  i do n't see the difference . 
  i see why putting them in a box and having them fight to the death is cruel , but i 'm just saying that people put no value into a spiders life before they see this . 
  good call , i was considering doing that but if it would n't even look good ... 
  that website is literal ebola on mobile . 
  my orifices are bleeding violently from visiting that site . 
  ok , you 're in the right then since i was arguing under the assumption that you were being a hypocrite , and that you do n't actually care . 
  you make a good point . 
  it 's because if someone makes a subtle joke the guy who points it out is who causes everyone to get it , so he gets all the upvotes . 
  not our problem !, 
  nope , he said so himself , the family has to go . 
   worked out for her, 
  except for having seen donald naked . 
  not for $ 1,000,000,000, 
  you 're probably joking so forgive me for being stupid , but it 's definitely not a neck shot . 
  yeah , i kinda assumed after finishing my comment lol, 
  full nights sleep here, 
  wait ? 
  is y2 actually confirmed ? 
  i understand the difference in these examples but i 'd like to point out that rockstar confirmed a sp dlc for gta v in 2013 . 
  leads ? 
  oh , thanks . 
  i just realized that it 's only a matter of years until you start getting downvoted and reported for this comment for using the word ` faggot ' :(, 
  i 'm not too sure if he 's that good going `` off the cuff '' , to me it just seems like he spends the time talking about how great he is at talking without teleprompters instead of actually talking without teleprompters . 
  honestly this is probably the best answer . 
  hillary has been doing it longer so she knows what kind of lies you could get away with , while trump does n't really understand yet that he needs to be truthful most of the time , while he has n't needed to previously . 
  even after proven innocent it 's not gone . 
  false rape accusations can ruin someone 's life even if it 's not true . 
  does n't that seem like wasted time in office though ? 
  spending all his time in court trying to clear his name ? 
  thank you . 
  there 's too many people ( maybe not in this thread but in general ) that say they 'll riot in the streets or protest government corruption but you answer seems like the completely true answer for basically everyone . 
  was it djungelvr\u00e5l or salt sild ? 
  those are the best . 
  he said the other day that he got information that `` pretty much confirmed he would be in '' which probably means he got a message from youtube scolding him for not supporting hillary . 
  there is n't any tension , phil said that he talked with casey on the phone for a few hours after he posted his video and they had a nice time and are friends still . 
  also phil said himself that casey did n't take money to endorse hillary so i do n't know why he would lie about that if he did n't lie about why he would n't be in rewind . 
  exactly , / r/the _ donald are fucking fuming agains casey but phil said so himself , that casey probably was n't paid to do it , he has enough money as is , and it 's possible for people to support candidates without getting paid . 
  but it 's super illegal to not disclose that you were paid and i do n't think youtube would want to risk it . 
  as well as casey being super rich already , having sold a tv show , running his own tech company , getting paid to do things like the oscars and whatnot on top of a massively successful youtube channel . 
  does n't seem like the type to do something he does n't want for money , like phil said himself . 
  i do agree that there 's some sketchyness but i do n't think it 's as widespread as it 's made out to be . 
  what do you mean they `` gut it '' to run on consoles ? 
  i think it looks good and it runs 60fps . 
  yup , his demographic , at least around a year ago was 10-16 , i think it 's higher now since he 's been making videos for himself rather than his audience but yeah . 
  i think it 's pretty good already . 
  exactly , even on ps4 it 's annoying because you ca n't just muscle-memory your way through the menu , you need to wait for every animation for .5 seconds before you can click on the next thing and it 's annoying as fuck . 
  it looks very nice but i do n't know how useful it is . 
  why 's that ? 
  fuze using a g36c is making me super sad . 
  yeah , even casey neistat was likely not even paid so it 's strange that this has gained such a huge amount of attention when it 's only philip defranco who 's actually been confirmed to have been approached about it . 
  a bit strange since this is ranked and i 'm pretty sure serenity is either platinum or diamond . 
  this is the worst , the easiest way to win is by playing the objective if you get a clear shot at it . 
  would a 3 second invincibility at the beginning of a round be a viable solution ? 
  i ca n't think of any downsides . 
  i have a few clips like this too i 'd like to post , might do it in an hour or 2 . 
  idk who downvoted you but you 're right , i ca n't think of a single advantage other than with a shield user . 
  yeah , if the operator icons were re-designed to match better and put in their own tab , and the friend circles were removed i think it 'd be pretty much perfect ( in my opinion ) . 
  it might just be that they 're pro-clinton to keep trump out , rather than being all for clinton . 
  yeah . 
  i get why people do n't like the word , but it 's so much fun if you use it in a `` louis c.k. '',
