  ( also impact nades are useless vs shields now , more than before ), 
  - buff tachanka behind them on stream is so hilarious lmao . 
  they did n't showcase it but the host leader guy said it would be implemented and reworked on every map in 5.2, 
  like they ever did . 
  they specifically said `` reworked lighting system for defenders inside looking out '' though . 
  you literally get banned for saying anything that can be remotely interpreted as anti-trump . 
  i got banned and when i asked why and what post it was for the only reply i got was `` you 're a massive cuck '' . 
  it 's a sub run by children and most everyone there act like children too . 
  god you 're such an insufferable idiotic cunt . 
  `` he said it so it must be true '' , jesus dude , how far in denial can you be about getting lied to by a pathological liar . 
  he 's backed out of half his campaign promises and he has n't even been inaugurated yet . 
  do n't hate trump , i hate you . 
  you 're an idiot , but i do n't expect someone like you to understand that . 
  there 's literally no defence for this guy other than stupid memes and buzzwords . 
  what about him saying that he wo n't have hillary put in prison ? 
  what about him saying that he 's not sure if he wants to build a wall all the way , or that he wants to fight for lgbt rights but he keeps appointing anti-gay people ? 
  yeah , they announced it yesterday , as well as blackbeard 's shield being nerfed to only take 1-2 shots . 
  still though , at a 900 rpm it 's not much . 
  please keep politics out of this . 
  no ur a side chick, 
  how exactly has it gone too far ? 
  why is it an issue for you if it harms no one ? 
  `` prump '' meant fart , at least in norwegian . 
  damn it , i 'm in a game of casual right now trying to casually `` accidentally '' down a teammate to get the clip , my plan has been foiled . 
  * sneak behind enemy in 1-4 with 20 seconds left , shoot silenced pmm shot at his head . 
  jesus christ , this is truly the meme that keeps on giving , this is the year of memes and terribleness , merry memeness , this makes up for everything terrible that happened this year . 
  there , those were all the comments i could n't decide between . 
  ca n't the exact same be said about straight people ? 
  you sure ? 
  i think it looks like \u043b\u043e\u0440\u0434 , you ca n't really see the entire '' \u043b '' though . 
  wtf , lmao . 
  nice spots , people do n't seem to believe it , hopefully this will get people excited . 
  fuze 2-2 and kapkan 2-2 would be good . 
  `` accidentally '' link her this post , 
  `` please limit posts to reposts of ken m. '', 
  i feel like oftentimes i 'll be clearing a room or looking through a tiny angle when i see a name and no enemy , just shoot and you 're good , ruins balance a bit . 
  no kill feed or skull if you 're killed with a silencer , just 5-4 . 
  `` mute is now useless '', 
  relevant username ? 
  he was quoting chat , someone asked ; `` bandit now has 4 batteries , mute is now useless '' and he replied with a good reason for mute still getting picked . 
  trump supporter ignoring reality ?!, 
  well i never !, 
  ah fuck , i guess i 'm not grabbing a basket of kiwi after work anymore . 
  this works with any vinegar based hot sauce right ? 
  i have tons at home , a cold , but no tabasco . 
  i 've never had a migraine but if getting the worst brainfreeze ever , 3 times , is worth it to avoid one , it sounds pretty bad . 
  idk why but i just found myself bored mostly , time definitely felt like it was going faster but i still got out 15 mins before i had to because i was just super aware of where i was , and after a while i got really itchy . 
  salt and pepper on sliced tomato is great , i 'm not sure how common this is to eat but i 'll have it any time i have the chance , and i do n't even like tomatoes that much . 
  yeah , pretty much any pastry is better a little warm and soft . 
  yeah , do n't they use sour cream for chips dip in america ? 
  really ? 
  does this cook the egg ? 
  fries in mayo , putine for non-canadians might sound weird too . 
  that 's 85 % !, 
  i 'm not good at math ... 
  i 've been doing this for the last few weeks because we ran out of cheddar and it 's not a very obvious taste , but it not bad . 
  this is so weird to me , in my country , pretty much every store is closed on sundays , so it does n't even cross my mind to expect fast food on a sunday . 
  `` i think he really succeeded in draining the swamp because these are exactly the people i 'd expect to find at the bottom of a swamp . '', 
  yup , literally saw a trump supporter say that a yt video about one of the debates was `` biased propaganda '' and when watching i noticed that the only time trump was put in a bad light was when the host of the video was quoting him directly , and he even mentioned many details that helped trump that many media outlets left out . 
  holy shit i have coffee in my nose from snorting at that lmao . 
  why exactly ? 
  not being hostile here , just curious . 
  why do n't you cherry pick some facts to make perry look better ? 
  would n't it be weird if you became president 10 ~ years down the line and i 'll never know that some random reddit comment i saw was the future potus . 
  fuck yes , all i need to do now is convert , i guess norwegian heaven `` aka viking heaven '' is pretty dope too , we get drunk every day and kill people . 
  yeah , in norway you 'll buy one of [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xtn1rvz.png ) that just have a powdered solution in it , mix it with a thing of sour cream and you 'll get your dip like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c8nzflb.jpg ) . 
  ( sorry about the small pic ), 
  actually much of europe does this , as well as having far more holidays based on religious events . 
  americans are ... 
  that was literally everything i wanted from this movie , the way he pulled those blasters out of the last guys ' hands , and at the beginning when it 's all black and you just see the lightsaber ... 
  walking into this movie the one scene i wanted was vader and a bunch of stormtroopers docking into the rebel craft as the final scene , tying into anh . 
  vader relentlessly fucking up the rebels at the end was 100x past anything i could 've imagined . 
  also , did anyone else get kind of an uncanny valley feeling from grand moff cgi ? 
  it was unsettling when he was on screen . 
  vader in the bacta tank was dope and no emperor worked very well . 
  great job to everyone who worked on this movie , slightly slow beginning but man that payoff was amazing , was kinda expecting an obi-wan cameo but it turns out he 's old obi , and the signaling him was so he knows it 's time to re-connect with luke i guess ? 
  anyone wan na let me know what all the references were when they were going through the file directory looking for the death star plans ? 
  black saber comes to mind . 
  also her walking towards a tie at the top of the tower was scrapped completely . 
  agreed , tfa was setting up so much that it 's not great just on its own , this movie however is amazing since the sequel is very done . 
  yeah , i thought the leia cgi was great , far better than tarkin but i guess he had more screen time so it could n't be 100 % all the time . 
  yeah ? 
  might have been the 2d that ruined the effect for me , it was just slightly off from a real person to me . 
  walking into this movie the one scene i wanted was vader and a bunch of stormtroopers docking into the rebel craft as the final scene , tying into anh . 
  vader relentlessly fucking up the rebels at the end was 100x past anything i could 've imagined . 
  also , did anyone else get kind of an uncanny valley feeling from grand moff tarkin ? 
  it was unsettling when he was on screen . 
  vader in the bacta tank was dope and no emperor worked very well . 
  great job to everyone who worked on this movie , slightly slow beginning but man that payoff was amazing , was kinda expecting an obi-wan cameo but it turns out he 's old obi , and the signaling him was so he knows it 's time to re-connect with luke i guess ? 
  anyone wan na let me know what all the references were when they were going through the file directory looking for the death star plans ? 
  black saber comes to mind . 
  i 'll vouch for your legitimacy , i just saw the movie . 
  yeah it is . 
  just saw the movie . 
  well , it 's the answer to why there 's a gaping hole into the main reactor . 
  just saw it , and all i can say is , if you liked tfa , you 'll like this . 
  it 's different because it 's more like a war/spy movie but it 's very star wars and very well done . 
  personally i liked it more than tfa . 
  could you ? 
  i must have missed it , the entire scene just blew me away !,
