  might post a video of my final down if requested . 
  edit : [ here 's my final down ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19lp1pyhvlm ), 
  i emptied my entire pap 'd kn-44 into him , 20 shots from the lightning bow , and used the death ray on him and he still killed me . 
  how is this possible ? 
  i just shot the first arrow and after looking everywhere it could have landed i ca n't find it . 
  any way to reset it or something ? 
  with sarah constantly having new bruises and scars all over , using lame excuses to cover it up . 
  [ removed ], 
  will post update when i get home . 
  here 's my experience on my round 62 game , here 's what to expect when playing der eisendrache . 
  dogs | panzer, 
  [ removed ], 
  `` let 's make mistakes together '' , phil 's podcast . 
  there has n't been anything new in almost a month . 
  [ removed ], 
  example : random boners . 
  the holocaust . 
  listening to color lines with watsky and catch wreck and it definitely sounds like catch is pretty racially insensitive saying that watsky , just because he 's white , does n't ` deserve ' his place in rap and he should respect the people that created it even though catch seems to have the same attitude as watsky but it 's fine because he 's black . 
  what are your guys ' thoughts ? 
  just finished the ` ten-pack ' daily challenge and felt like it would be more rewarding if i got 2 dl instead of just the one . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  i 've tried plugging it in the usb and an aux but it does n't show up under input . 
  edit : for future internauts , i fixed it , turns out it was just a bad usb port or something , tried the other one on my laptop and it showed up immediately . 
  ( although the light in the mic was on ), 
  it 's * so * much more terrifying with sound , hearing the subtle creaking and wind , hearing runners freak out , hearing the crack of a demolisher hitting the ground . 
  it 's great . 
  they showed it * way * more times in this trailer than any gun we have n't gotten before and even seemed to focus on it at times . 
  when the razorback was in the de trailer it was only for a split second you could see it in nikolai 's hands . 
  for those new here , in the last update before the previous dlc they added the death machine to all maps , not just der eisendrache . 
  i 'm wondering if you guys think they 'll do this with the mx garand , marshal 12 and hg-40 ? 
  just incase you did n't know it 's already been pretty much confirmed that they 'll be added to weapon kits because the mx garand can be seen with an rds in the recent trailer . 
  think it 's gon na be random like tg and soe or have fixed perk locations like de ? 
  first off , i know these kinds of posts are annoying but i just wanted to put this somewhere . 
  what if there was a 90 cryptokey ( * maybe * even 120 ) supply drop that gave you a guaranteed weapon , that could be any of the weapons added in the game so far . 
  600-800cp would be a good price for a guaranteed weapon and you could get it yourself by grinding . 
  imo this would balance the game out a lot more because people could get the dlc weapons , it just takes some time . 
  edit : i hope you guys can understand that i 'm a lot more casual into mp than most people on this sub appear to be , i did n't realize that this was highly suggested . 
  [ removed ], 
  can we remove the need to put something in this field ? 
  the title is adequate . 
  [ removed ], 
  i 've seen posts about the scoreboard , the ee song , the ww , the perks ... is nothing sacred ? 
  every game prior has had 4 new perks in it but we 're now halfway through the dlc season and we do n't have a new one ? 
  waw only had the 4 new perks in dlc 1 . 
  black ops 1 had no new perk in the base game , two new perks in dlc 1 , one new perk in dlc 2 , no new perks in dlc 3 , and one new perk in dlc 4 . 
  black ops 2 had one new perk in the base game , one in dlc 1 , one in dlc 2 , one in dlc 3 and a new perk machine in dlc 4 . 
  so far bo3 only has one new perk and 3 maps without anything new ... what gives ? 
  has over 130k subs but wo n't break 100 online users online . 
  or maybe the posters but i think the mods should be held liable . 
  he 's been posting a lot about mojang or something ? 
  basically my friends and i are starting a new podcast with our own subreddit and i was wondering if there 's any way to make am automatically post a link to the newest episode and format the title correctly every week ? 
  also if he could do the same with a self post intended to allow people to submit topics for the next episode . 
  cryptokeys , xp , weapon xp . 
  there might be news on this already so , sorry if there is . 
  curious to hear what you guys think !, 
  i need you guys to give me the perfect way to tell him that he 's a goddamn idiot . 
  at the moment , [ this is my favourite song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uy-2oq-c4ao ) ( disclaimer , might not be as good if you do n't speak norwegian ) . 
  what are you guys listening to on these nice summer days ? 
  [ removed ], 
  just with the beard , hair and authoritative nature . 
  ca n't see him without thinking of the brotherhood . 
  i was cleaning my room yesterday and found a old code for a free pro upgrade but when i go to the website and use the code it tells me that the code is invalid . 
  to break it down , i have to use a pre-paid psn card but if i buy one here in canada i do n't think it 'll work on my eu psn . 
  doom is only on sale for 6 more days and i really do n't wan na pay full price for it . 
  please help !, 
  [ removed ], 
  as far as i can tell the only option is to play with your ultimate team in place of a country , something i really do n't want to do because i 'm a very casual player and do n't really care about ultimate team . 
  also , if anyone know how to change your countries kits from default that would be nice . 
  we always get a new cool ee when the dlc comes out for xb and pc , what do you guys think for gk ? 
  please pray for me in these hard times . 
  to be fair i ca n't get a bigger hdd because i have 3rd world internet and it would take me too long to re-download everything . 
  we 'll see if we get a trailer i guess !, 
  edit : i 'm sad now , maybe it 's just a few mins late ? 
  or in an hour ? 
  pls 3arch ... 
  more likely it 'll be thursday then i guess . 
  what if the o4 end up trapped , maybe about to die , then they do something with the summoning key to have the actual oo4 ( 3 ) come out and help you with the final battle ? 
  also , beside the point a bit , would n't it be cool to , after you finish the ee , you unlock the oo4 skins to use on your characters ? 
  [ removed ], 
  automodiscancerautomodiscancerautomodiscancerautomodiscancerautomodiscancerautomodiscancerautomodiscancerautomodiscancer, 
  `` i want to know , does this device merely kill them ? 
  or does it transport them somewhere else ? '', 
  looks like that guy who said that the as was transporting zombies to revelations might have some grounds !, 
  edit : another one for fun , `` i 'd do anything to secure more ammo ... * anything *  '', 
  [ removed ], 
  the two quotes i can remember off the top of my head are : ( when picking up an smg ) `` whew , this is luckily very light , i could n't carry something much heavier '', 
  and when picking up death machine : `` did this get heavier since the last time i had it ? '', 
  so we know richtofen has seen his death , and that they have killed countless test subjects . 
  would it be crazy to assume that this means * all * test subjects , and the one we play as in bo3 had killed his future self , and thus knows how his life ends ? 
  just a though i had . 
  if you did n't know , say you have the as and vesper , and when you have the as out and use the ragnaroks , when it 's done you 'll pull out your vesper , which is not a good time if you 're in the middle of the zombies like you might be after using ragnaroks . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  i mean , assuming the camera could travel faster than light or we could teleport it away . 
  [ removed ], 
  i keep seeing it and i have no clue ... 
  i do n't even know what a `` shill '' is . 
  i was looking at the / r/the _ donald thread about philip defranco refusing money to endorse hillary and it seemed like the general consensus was that most big youtubers who have endorsed her were paid .
