  they do n't want you to be successful, 
  i did n't know dishwashers could have allergies :(, 
  this is one of the few reasons games like this would work better on console ( pls no pcmr ), 
  yup , i should make a video on it because people always ask me , basically you need blast furnace , then shoot the zombies with it . 
  after which you need to knife them while they 're burning and if done correctly it will count towards your progression . 
  that 's what i meant , i 'm all for the whole `` pcmr '' thing but being on consoles makes it a lot more fair to everyone . 
  funny video but fuck that laugh track . 
  i know , they could have just cut it from that part though . 
  idk , i 'm remaining hopeful . 
  yeah , i feel like the only thing they 're good for is just helping you get the rights to certain media . 
  yeah , also getting paid monthly instead of needing $ 100 , for me it 's not monthly . 
  lol , sorry for suggesting a solution to the problem this thread is about . 
  lmao , i 'm literally talking to my friend right now who 's saying he 's so upset he signed with machinma . 
  ps4 exclusive . 
  what ... ? 
  i 'm not spending money on you . 
   it is a disc map so i assume most of the side quests wo n't be super difficult, 
  lmao, 
  that guy from the sochi opening ceremony that did n't open the last snowflake . 
  lol , it 's not like res monetizes videos anyways , i 've seen a lot of people confused about this recently and i wanted to clear it up . 
  yeah , still hoping for that painshop so i can have a fade bowie :p, 
  this does n't, 
  oh , i was gon na mention that but i was n't 100 % sure and forgot to mention it in the video . 
  i feel like they 're slowly gon na reduce the amount of keys you get per game to try making people feel like it 's going too slow . 
  oh , i have n't played enough mp to know , i 'm nearly prestige 6 in zombies though . 
  yeah , i remember getting 7 when i got to 44 in a game and yesterday when i got to 37 i only got 2 . 
  legal corruption . 
  i was looking at a spoiler thread the other day not hovering over the spoiler tagged stuff when i accidentally did and just saw the first sentence `` han solo dies '' and i was super pissed that it was at the very top of the comment . 
  ( although i accept it was my fault ), 
  yeah , i loved those times when he just fucked shit up with his lightsaber on the deathstar . 
  i thought it was because ren saw him on jakku not killing the people and put 2 and 2 together . 
  lol , i 'm really curious about their username now . 
  i just got home from the movies so go ahead !, 
  it just loads infinitely ( or at least until it decides it 's gon na work . 
  ok , will do . 
  safari works fine . 
  ok , thanks . 
  oh man , it 's so weird recognizing all these people after seeing the movie that i never knew of before . 
  oh yeah , what was that about ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  that was amazing !, 
  oh yeah , it 's cool . 
  i noticed too , i was like `` oh cool the blue represents the light han sees in him '' then when it disappeared i had a little freak out in the theater then he died . 
  i kinda hope she 's none and just a badass jedi without being related to anyone . 
  he too haha . 
  today 's your day pal, 
  oh yeah , that was confusing to me for a minute :p, 
  i definitely saw it coming just because of how many times they refer to it as a `` piece of junk '' in the old movies . 
  i loved that scene with the stormtroopers noping out of that hallway when they heard him having a breakdown with his lightsaber . 
  haha , i noticed that scene too , i was in the back though so i felt like it just looked like a cool effect . 
  no cigar . 
  if it gets destroyed in water you do n't have to pay . 
  oh , have n't played in a while so i 'm probably wrong , a few patches ago i almost never had to pay when it got destroyed in water . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skmamsift6g ) ( gfy starts at 4:43 if you wan na see the balloon pop as well ), 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skmamsift6g ) ( gfy starts at 4:43 if you wan na see the balloon pop as well ), 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skmamsift6g ) ( gfy starts at 4:43 if you wan na see the balloon pop as well ), 
  but the rng factor kinda gets taken away when you spend thousands of dollars on it . 
  i know , i 'm saying there used to be a glitch that let you not have to pay when it went in water . 
  look at the link i posted if you wan na see the pop . 
  lol , not my video . 
  lmao , what does said `` gay ass maths video '' depict ? 
  i feel like it was less satisfying to start it mid-flip and just have the water plop down , idk though . 
  he has burning hand sanitizer on his hand . 
  idk , i was thinking of capping it of 1 per 10 rounds , round 30 should give you 3ld, 
  fuck black matter then ... 
  so glad i got that shiva fast mags variant . 
  haha , i did this on s&d , felt real proud of myself . 
  hm , i 'll just focus on launchers first . 
  thanks , will do . 
  just got diamond :p, 
  totally thought the same thing , i 'm in norway and i thought it had automatically changed it based on my location or something . 
  [ i do n't know what to believe . 
  [ i do n't know what to believe . 
  you should also be able to set something like `` smgs only '' in zombies where you can only get smgs out of the box and on the wall then wager ld on who can survive the longest in zombies . 
  it 'd hold the maps back . 
  you 're right , this is the same generator thing from later in the trailer , not the same thing . 
  it spawns in the jugg spot when you ca n't find it . 
  haha , i felt like you in the gif but as i started recording i realized i should just do the beast mode, 
  ikr , he does the same with the waffe , like you do n't need to be a linguist . 
  faceswap live i think , not 100 % sure though . 
  lol , so glad they heard our feedback and fixed a huge , game breaking bug . 
  this is why old people are bitter . 
  yeah , he does n't need 2 hands , i thought that was an iw thing . 
  not as bad as you 'd think , i was in your boat but now i 'm in love with tactical . 
  oh damn , thanks . 
  no , i 'm gon na get a 400 % increase in k/d tomorrow and i like it that way . 
  why do we even have / r/askwomen and / r/askmen ? 
  i have everything including the bowie knife , i 'll link you a video later if you wan na know how to do it . 
  pharo and bowie are probably the worst , i 'm 6th prestige and still have n't finished the bowie ( 1 lvl left ), 
  yeah , they should 've had a dark ops challenge or camo or calling card or something , feels so useless . 
  these posts clogging up this sub is why people should n't have downvoted my post explaining how to do this . 
  lmao , you need to use every weapon , you level them eventually . 
  for soe you train pap room, 
  that now makes 242 different cycling backgrounds on my laptop . 
  not in december though . 
  as previously established , this is the ` special ' section of the zoo . 
  microtransactions . 
  i could get make like $ 1,000,000 in gta in just a few weeks . 
  damn it , almost relevant for once . 
  pharo is worse than the gorgon , i have red hex/max level on everything and the pharo is literally hitler .
