  but why would you want a fluffy bit around their asshole that 'll get covered in shit ? 
  i think that a big thing that they should add is a feature that shows you when someone 's in a party chat , i think it 's a big part of ranked because the game chat is bad but you do n't know because it does n't say . 
  games like black ops 3 have a little icon for when someone 's in a party chat so you can see beforehand . 
  you need not look farther than your commander in chief for the answer to that . 
  well if they 're protected by free speech maybe they 'd be crazy enough to think that they can speak freely . 
  definitely not , i know tons that have it . 
  something to keep in mind is that if someone disappears and reconnects , it 'll say they 're unranked no matter what . 
  just think of the times you 've shot someone through a window , a good chunk of those are probably because they could n't see in or out . 
  also leaning without aiming ... idk why it 's not an option on console . 
  add me too if you want to , `` ghostmw2awsome '' ( awesome is misspelled in the account name ), 
  i 'm 126 gold3/4 . 
  idk why this is bad , generally you 'll know better where the enemies are if you 're on cams or spectating . 
  i think it 's more that if you 're relying on bandit batteries for walls , mute jammers for twitch , ads ' for grenades and a yokai drones to stop pushes , it 's really gon na suck when they all go away in an instant . 
  but there 's tons of evidence and several government agencies that have said that it happened ... 
  well he ran in 2000 and had very liberal views so idk how much his conservatism will hold up . 
  give me one solid source for it not happening . 
  watching it now to see and was confused , thanks for clearing it up . 
  pc comment . 
  not through the app . 
  i think r34, 
  2 main ways imo would be having an option to stay leaned after lowering sights or holding the thumb sticks . 
  actually it was the m1014 . 
  weu ps4 , entire game disconnected . 
  i do n't know which is yours kevin !, 
  yeah , for a basic game you only need the xy and z of the enemy to be sent . 
  i like how dirty this bot just got . 
  the trouble with saying those things on the sub in question is that it 'll never get any attention . 
  i literally can not ** believe ** that you support * [ party i disagree with ] *, 
  i saw it said `` fixed for hibana '' and immediately face palmed for never trying echo , then saw `` fixed for echo '' and laughed at myself . 
  casual does n't use skill based matchmaking so you 'll get matched with anyone searching . 
  what if he 's been acting like a ridiculous cunty idiot for so long in an attempt to stop people voting for him so the russians would n't get their way ? 
  yeah , there 's no way trump actually did this , there was n't even any mention of pizza , which as we all know , immediately confirms a story . 
  but there are tons of proof for this being real , it 's being reported by tons of sources . 
  / u/its _ epi , this is what we want . 
  unless it 's on console and people do n't have their mics on . 
  ca n't he be muslim and the anti-christ ? 
  now we * know * she 's the anti christ , if one redditor seems to recall a person close to her talking about a bad smell in an email . 
  ** wake up shills . 
  the thing is that the u.k. government do n't want to leave and almost certainly wont completely leave in the long term . 
  looked at his history and he does n't seem to frequent flat earth subs but that 's not a guarantee by any means . 
  okay , i ca n't read through that entire comment so early in the morning , just let me say that the left being `` blm '' or whatever is a bad parallel , because hillary never promised to deport , imprison or kill anyone who is white/kills black people or anything . 
  trump however , most definitely * has * , he spent much of his campaign talking about the `` scary muslims '' and how they 're out to get us all , making the analogy much easier to draw . 
  \\  ca n't take a lighthearted joke, 
  \\  calls others `` cuck '', 
  i agree , but if you follow him on twitter you 'll see that he often just replies and retweets things as himself , or like any normal person on twitter . 
  it would be funny to you if you could laugh at yourself and not take things so seriously . 
  it 's not `` edgy 16 year olds '' who oppose trump , it 's people who have legitimate concerns about the seemingly unqualified person who will be commander in chief in a few days . 
  this post is about trumps idiotic claim that people are taking shots at him because they 're in `` nazi germany '' , not the legitimacy of golden shower gate . 
  which has n't been disproven , i agree that it almost certainly did n't happen , because i looked at the facts , but to say that it 's not true is simply ignoring facts or lying to yourself . 
  give me any credible source for this being true . 
  he 's not breaking character , he replies to everyone like this on his twitter , and even made fun of hillary a while back . 
  he 's not a `` leftist crybaby '' , he was making a joke about a dumb comment trump made . 
  you 're being a triggered crybaby because you literally ca n't deal with 1 post making fun of trump without running back to your safe space . 
  ignore everything i just said , please leave this sub . 
  he 's making fun of the president , very lightheartedly . 
  if you get triggered when trump gets criticized , i 'd suggest hiding in your safe space for the next 4 years . 
  he 's poking holes in trump 's idiotic claim the way he does to everyone on his twitter , he did n't break character , there is no `` ken m '' single character , on his twitter he always replies to people making fun of them , just like this . 
  24 hours i think . 
  this is what we had before and it looked like a latex gimp mask , that 's why they changed it . 
  have a clip of this in 5.2 as well if anyone wants to see it . 
  are you * really * expecting a reply ? 
  because then he would n't be having sex now would he . 
  mine too , she 'll also take 5-15 second pauses to think about ( usually unrelated ) stuff in the middle of a sentence and at that point i do n't care anymore . 
  good job at totally deflecting the points he made because he actually has an argument . 
  republicans sure seemed to think so when obama was elected . 
  man , i hear about fake and biased news a lot recently but i 've never seen anything like this , a news anchor literally name calling and talking trash about their opponent is so childish and dumb . 
  there was a story about this a while back too , he paid people to come and cheer at his rallies . 
  i 'm not saying it happened , i 'm asking for your source on it being from 4chan . 
  what great ideas would that be ? 
  what do you mean i 'm not having an adult conversation ? 
  i just pointed out that your argument fell apart . 
  i 'm ron burgundy ? 
  probably the only person who pulls off a fedora , he has ruined it for future generations , simply because of his amazing existence , and overcoming the power of the fedora to become a billionaire . 
  / u/xnotch, 
  actually , um , both are correct , they just have slightly different intended uses . 
  this is the nice thing about being a secret redditor , if anything comes up in real life that makes it relevant , i can just * borrow * jokes or phrases without any worries . 
  `` vwy vould zey hiyah za german guy to count za murders ?! '', 
  you 're *, 
  triggered cuck, 
  hiding in a subreddit where people with different opinions are banned , while whining about all the people who say anything remotely anti-trump , is about as close to a safe space as you can get . 
  why ? 
  bad example , `` google '' is based on the number `` gogol '' , pronounced with a hard g. 
  they 're not telling anyone to do anything , nor is she out of touch , she just criticized several things about the president elect . 
  gfycat is pronounced `` jiffy cat '' in my head but i 'm 100 % for `` gif '', 
  what do you mean `` laughably fake '' ? 
  but ... 
  there 's literal video of it , several seconds of trump talking . 
  educate me then . 
  says the one ignoring literal fucking video evidence . 
  `` you 're right but if i admit fault people will realize that i 'm retarded '', 
  man , you sure showed me . 
  just do n't tell them where the entire human race comes from . 
  it 's not about their culture , it 's about them being people . 
  m8 , i 'm plat 1 and i still would n't nade that hole . 
  lol , the new birther movement , how old * is * donald trump really ? 
  he ca n't be much older than 13 . 
  what bit ? 
  doubt it . 
  ah lol , you know if there 's a video of it ? 
  what ... ?
