  / u/kennyemmy, 
  oh trust me , was n't far from it . 
  many cups of coffee were drunk that day . 
  ( because of the strong taste ), 
  that was originally uploaded 21 days ago on itunes . 
  they updated it for black ops 3 . 
  it now gives you enhanced door opening abilities . 
  that 's fine , i probably should 've put it in the post because most people watch it on youtube anyways . 
  same , got it 6 times on the first 2-3 days but have only gotten it once or twice since . 
  is it just me or does he go back on everything he says ? 
  [ post in question , ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/justunsubbed/comments/2l1t68/remember_this_ratheism_carpetbombing_archived/ ) i realize it 's not a lot of upvotes but i was very surprised , especially when i did n't remember ever seeing the post before . 
  * unzips * ? 
  i ** really ** want this . 
  enough that it makes me sad to know that it 'll almost certainly never happen . 
  alright , thanks . 
  yeah , that comment and that there was no new episode today was what prompted me to post . 
  not that you 'd need it adam , you have excellent door opening skills . 
  idk , it was just a weirdly written text imo . 
  true , but it 's still a very small chance . 
  yeah , i just feel like the most likely things are, 
  - nothing happens, 
  - reincarnation, 
  - heaven/hell, 
  that kid is around 18 years old now ... 
  damn . 
  he definitely knew where the prison was , he went there to help out poe in the beginning . 
  yes !, 
  people always say that i 'm just being whiny and that i should just skip ahead , but if you 're making a tutorial video and you 're explaining for 40 seconds what it 's about fuck you . 
  i read the title and know what i 'm watching , just get to the fucking point . 
  aw yeah , haha . 
  major chuck flashbacks . 
  let me be the judge of that . 
  one of the few times i 've changed my opinion on something based on a reddit comment . 
  `` i just tied her up , see i ai n't like you . 
  'cause if she suffocates she 'll suffer more and then she 'll die too '', 
  i do n't think we should call it ` homo sapien ' because it encourages homosexual tendencies in our children . 
  what about ` hetero sapien ' ? 
  i felt like it was strongly implied . 
  only upvoted this because it 's the first time in a long time that a 50/50 post on my front page is n't the ` cute ' or ` good ' option . 
  i know but there have been other times where it says that i have 70gb left when it 's at like 405gb . 
  thanks , i felt like people were missing the point but when so many comments said i was wrong i started doubting i was right . 
  alright , sweet thanks . 
  ok , so outside of what the media tells us to fear . 
  are middle-eastern people actually less friendly and more likely to murder you ? 
  trying to find it out on your own is actually really hard . 
  does n't seem that way when you memorize it though . 
  very common bug from using the ragnarok trap . 
  except that if they did it it 'd be super obvious that they stole it from shg . 
  ah bitch . 
  i 'm halfway through prestige 10 and just finished all my challenges yesterday . 
  was super hyped about the calling card . 
  because she did n't wan na do a nude scene and the movie had a scripted nude scene, 
  ca n't tell if you 're joking ... 
  oh haha , have n't seen it since i was * very * young so i was wondering if you were just making fun of that guy by saying exactly what negan is doing . 
  virus . 
  people on the planes might have been able to warn someone . 
  he also has an unreasonable amout of [ gorilla gifs . 
  i would use it every game if it was in right now . 
  although i agree with your point , head drama and deadshot have different effects . 
  i do n't carry a wallet either , it 's fine buddy . 
  some people here are n't american , sorry bud . 
  tagged and saved , will hold you to your word . 
  i 'd love to not have to follow the social standard of having to be a `` tough guy who does n't get upset or have emotions '' . 
  to quote the bee movie : `` why do n't humans run everywhere ? '', 
  i mean , you could have a gb up/down , your internet 's still gon na go out every once in a while . 
  it is very hard to ignore about 80 % of my day . 
  it very much confuses me that this tread is being downvoted and getting a bunch of comments at the same time ... 
  honestly , killing time should n't even be a mega . 
  never really thought of it that way , men and women both have a bunch of pressure on them but for different reasons . 
  interesting . 
  i feel like you guys may have used excessive z 's . 
  i do n't know ... 
  but those dowvotes were n't there last time i checked . 
  woaaaahhh , computer emergency !, 
  sorry about that , did n't think that through . 
  i find it very funny that most women who commented on this post think that balls are just getting hit machines . 
  true , balls suck . 
  we all burn our vagina on this blessed day, 
  ah sorry , i heard this today and it caught me off guard . 
  probably not as good if you 're expecting an anti joke . 
  what i think too , but at the end when they 're talking it seems like catch does n't think watsky deserves it just because he 's white . 
  thanks man . 
  there was no level 200 2 months ago . 
  true , they give stupid perks that are n't really necessary to make zombies fun . 
  trying to get , or losing a perkaholic pisses me off so much more than actually having one . 
  nope , it 's always been 15 mins . 
  misunderstood . 
  did n't know he could down you and did n't know that i was taking damage until i red screened . 
  norway represent !, 
  well then you should watch twd . 
  damn , reddit sure got lazy huh ? 
  ohhh ... 
  snap ? 
  i feel like the confidence level in my snap was the same amount of snap that the snap deserved . 
  the island ... ? 
  hmm . 
  not the ` nerdy ' movie i 'd expect her to be listed under in this sub . 
  this is n't a . jpg , it 's just nothing . 
  yeah , they fixed the exploit so any completions you see from now on will be without that bug . 
  ammo might be a strain on the ram though .
