  well , what do you expect ? 
  he 's trying to reason with trump . 
  4 percent ? 
  being a bit generous ? 
  also , when he said `` they 're uneducated and poor , i will help african americans '' , is n't he implying that black people are stupid and poor ? 
  taterserver \u2122, 
   `` dont send me pictures of that coon '', 
  what a pleasant and mentally sound person . 
  a fucking option at the voting booths for president , jesus ... 
  upvoted you for making a valid point , but yeah he 's definitely a annoying_orange supporter, 
  i was taken back a bit but do n't think it 's really that racist . 
  he said it in the last debate too lmao , i added the clip in my video of all his dumbest moments from the 2nd debate . 
  of course !, 
  sometimes he wears a maga hat ... 
  i was laughing so hard when chris was bringing up aleppo and trump was triggering the fuck out because he could n't believe the moderator would bring up such an evil place filled with ** mudslimes ** . 
  yeah , she mentioned it in the 2nd debate how she was trying to not interrupt him , even though he was being a cuntbag . 
  i really hope they have an article one day titled `` donald trump kept composure , and acted rationally during interview '', 
  well , it does if the mods enforce the rules . 
  what sub ? 
  really ? 
  i 'd like to see the original if anyone has a link . 
  what was that sub , if i may ask ? 
  victoria , fph , ellen pao ... 
  oh , thanks , i ca n't see any other replies on alien blue . 
  probably my favorite single comment on reddit . 
  just watching this man descending into a doubt of his fundamental values . 
  he did n't want prison , or to admit wrongdoing for something he saw as just . 
  what 's wrong with steve ? 
  +1 for actually having a correct amount of syllables . 
  fucking terrifying . 
  we joke a lot here but i literally ca n't understand how this happened . 
  yeah , but what was the point of the subreddit ? 
  lmao , iirc this is fake but i 'm not 100 % sure so from now on it 's real . 
  it was when she was talking about raising taxes for the rich iirc . 
  is n't it one of the top posts on that sub ? 
  yeah , i feel like the first 2 lines are n't as important as the thing as a whole though . 
  it 's 2 in the morning and i 'm just laying in bed laughing super hard at this . 
  sorry , just quickly googled adult gorilla weight and it was around 250-275 so i rounded up . 
  i 'm bad with non-metric though so i did n't really have a clear idea of what 300lb looks like . 
  i just wan na say , sure you * can * , but i 'm not gon na fuck with tryna scare off a fucking gorilla lmao . 
  i do n't quite remember , does anyone have the quote ? 
  i 'm 90 % sure shooting paratroopers is a war crime . 
  not that it stopped it from happening completely , but being branded a war criminal is n't a good look so it 's something most people would refrain from . 
  i 'm excited for it , never played it before and really do n't wan na get it on disc and play it on my ps3 , so a ps4 version will be pretty cool . 
  did you know that this happened with one of the toy story movies ? 
  many months into production somehow every last drive with the movie and assets on it crashed , except for one copy that a woman brought home to show her daughter an early version of the film , and they recovered the movie from that . 
  it 's not like the malware is scared off by the presence of an antivirus on your computer . 
  a circle jerk ? 
  on * youtube * ?!, 
  well i never . 
  i 'm excited for guns that do n't feel like they 're shooting literal bbs in zombies though . 
  yeah but that sub would n't have any content if they did n't allow people doing that . 
  this is what scares me the most about having kids , i 'm an angsty teen now and i 'd be fucking suicidal if i needed to be my parent . 
  i wan na make fun of you for stating the obvious but i think i 'm a bit late . 
  well i try my best , like i 'll often realize that i 'm being a shithead and just stop , but it 's not that easy always . 
  are n't they basically synonymous in this context ? 
  really sad they never did any real life perks for sale to promote any cod games . 
  holy fuck i need a movie about this . 
  there 's 5 $ 1 bills in a $ 5 bill . 
  that 's not how any of this works . 
  they get 4 additional experiences , yes , but the original comment said that they get 4 times the experience , when in fact they get 5 times . 
  go check it out yourself : http://gigapixelgaming.com/media/gigapixel/endordawn.html, 
  it looks a lot nicer than the gfy makes it seem . 
  yeah , you 're robbed of 4 , but you 're getting 5 times the experience , which is how i took the comment . 
  sorry if there was a misunderstanding . 
  they might be , but the title of this post certainly makes it seem like they 're being chosen because they 're women , not because they 're talented . 
  i have no issue with women directing , but hiring only women directors seems like pandering to the pc crowd . 
  people who do n't see why this is a stupid move are missing the point . 
  are there good female directors ? 
  yes . 
  that does n't mean having only female directors is the correct move for the show . 
  if these people were chosen because they are the best people for the job , that 's fine , if they were chosen , like the article makes it seem , because they were women , that 's a stupid attempt to pander . 
  it has nothing to do with them being women , i 'd feel the same way if the title was the same but with men swapped for women . 
  hire people based on their competency , and not for their gender . 
  looks like they touched up her boob a bit and the area around the lamp suffered from it . 
  this hurts me on an emotional level . 
  thank you so much for not continuing the pun thread . 
  nothing kills a thread faster than an extremely half-hearted pun thread . 
  tried but i just could n't get into it . 
  maybe , but the way this post is titled sure does n't make it seem that way . 
  what i mean is that gender is irrelevant and if you need to advertise the gender of your directors instead of showing off that they 're good it does n't seem like they have the right mindset . 
  it might be because police dogs ca n't separate the smell of coffee from other drugs so the cops ignore the coffee . 
  i 'm not arguing agains the fact that they 're women , i 'm arguing that it 's just stupid for them to hire women if men could have done a better job . 
  if the women nail it then that 's great , i just do n't want the show to suffer because whoever 's hiring feels like they need to have more diversity . 
  why ? 
  ca n't anyone other than muslims rape people ? 
  why do these people have such an issue with admitting that their country is n't a literal gift from god ? 
  from everything i hear from people who were n't raised there , it 's a borderline 3rd world country , with a very high number of delusional people . 
  when was the last time you were in germany ? 
  from you saying `` in europe '' i 'm assuming you live in the us . 
  if so , have you ever been outside of na ? 
  the us even ? 
  it 's nothing like that , muslims , and syrian refugees are normal people , just like the rest of us . 
  people who rape and kill others are not like the rest of us , nor are they more likely to be of a certain race or religion . 
  if you ca n't get your head around this fact , then i suggest you read up to try and lessen your ignorance . 
  slavery is such a strange thing because we never heard about it in school , but it seems like in the us it 's the main thing you learn about . 
  yeah fuck that, 
  yeah lmao , went to a christian ( lutheran ) school the last few years and basically any historical event is because of jesus . 
  or watermark it with alpha1 .0 ( - ) then put a different number within the parentheses for every one . 
  also i 'm realizing that i 'm nearly 3 months late for this discussion but i 'm already invested with my comment so whatever .
