  it 'd be super op to have the as and a new good ww . 
  it 's tagged for spoilers . 
  'cause it would be easy as fuck . 
  `` meme sites '', 
  oh god . 
  another hostage needs your help , i 'll mark him on your hud . 
  when ? 
  it 's not optimism or denial , why in the fuck would they show off an awesome new ww or a cool throwback instead of letting youtubers bank on that shit first, 
  it 's not really that bad , just tedious . 
  it is shang , where did you see nacht ? 
  e : verr\u00fcckt was also in there . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  every map there 's always some crazy shit that makes us say `` how did they pull this off '' , it 's not like they 're just gon na give us everything in the map before it comes out . 
  hope it 's just the as , dg-4 , new ww and new specialist . 
  anything more and it 'll be crowded as fuck . 
  it 's a bit different from bf4 imo but i really like it so far . 
  are those on bf4 for ps4 ? 
  i always fine 2k tickets but only normal and i 'm saddened . 
  please no , do n't have it easy as fuck , have n't you played buried ? 
  been spamming for 45 mins lol . 
  lol why does anyone have an issue then ? 
  why am i being downvoted then ? 
  looked like he was having some trouble right before he died . 
  the way he was looking around and had a sip of water . 
  this sounds like an introduction to a crime drama video game . 
  lmao , this was what it felt like reading out loud in class today . 
  `` why the fuck do n't these words string together and make sense ? '', 
  my cousins wife is that way too lmao , she always says it 's just like afrikaans but slightly not . 
   `` reddit : hey everyone , here 's some changes to what content is visible on all !, 
  yes , it is meant to punish the subreddit that people went to in order to learn about the worst mass shooting in american history which specifically targeted gay people and no , we will not revoke the default status of those subreddits who censored this and other stories ! '', 
  woah woah woah , / r/the _ cuntbags was made so it would n't appear on / r/all because it was being a steaming , spammy cesspool of shit . 
  not because reddit for some reason just said `` no , they 're trying to keep people updated on current events , away with you '' . 
  rule of thumb of youtube : be twice as entertaining as you are clickbaity . 
  it 's different , if you saw news saying that suddenly 6 of your favourite * ~ ~ topics ~ ~ * * subreddits * would n't be on reddit anymore , and people said they 'd do it on a different site , you 'd probably change over . 
  and it 's even a different thing with the users too . 
  i never wanted to leave for voat , because i like reddit , unless something changes that , there 's no point in changing over . 
  with youtube though , if the content is suffering because of the company 's decisions , i 'll happily change over to a website where creators are respected as a source of income as they should be . 
  of course it 's never going to affect them but i see your point . 
  no , he means he has no idea what to do about the videos being de-monetized and his channel now that youtube wo n't advertise on it . 
  sure he can make money but that does n't mean the situation is just resolved . 
  it 's not like they 're expecting youtube to bend over backwards , they 're expecting youtube to not be a piece of shit company that makes decisions that hurt them selves in the long term . 
  also he says in the video he always expected something like this to happen and spoke about it weeks ( months ? ), 
  ago that he set himself up so he would be fine if this happened . 
  woah woah woah dude , but they 're * women * !, 
  pretty crazy , imagine how it is living in a time where there 's an entire country of people that would do that . 
  \u00c6 is a letter not a symbol . 
  ahhh reddit , never change . 
  i 'd say snoke still looks quite a bit different though . 
  i 'd be very surprised if they did n't . 
  very impressive . 
  amazing to see someone pull this off over the course of 4 ( ? ), 
  seasons . 
  lmao yeah . 
  you 're right , that 's some real missed carriage room there . 
  what if i 'm trying to stay in shape ? 
  ^ ^ ^ see ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ always ... 
  i agree , it 's a fucking hassle and i have no clue what reasoning they have for removing the old one . 
  8 days `` play overwatch for free '', 
  i mean ... maybe , but for me , i 'd use imgur a lot more if it still had the old system . 
  seems like they 're being anti-user . 
  god , do you have no obligations other than being a cunt ? 
  i have the upgraded landship and it has some rediculous damage anti tank thing that needed 3 shots to kill a horse . 
  literally direct impacts . 
  still missing out on the ammo and health though . 
  that being said i think that 's my favourite rifle in the game , feels so nice and it 's super powerful . 
  wait ... 
  this year ?!, 
  awesome !, 
  i 'm having the same problem . 
  sad that there 's no solutions . 
  name 's thomas , can confirm . 
   `` dead is the point at which literally no incentives in the whole universe can compel you to write one last screenplay . 
  because you 're dead . 
  dead , dead , dead , dead , dead . '', 
  - cgp grey, 
  i think it 's confirmed as an island . 
  3 years ... 
  good point , did n't realize that it 's only 2 years . 
  it was obviously a fan wearing his teams jersey . 
  to repeat myself from last time this was posted : hitting your kids is never okay . 
  yeah , but just being able to play it on my ps4 is dope af . 
  yeah what the fuck even is life when a guy that 's 20 years above the average life expectancy can beat 75 % of americans in a race . 
  i agree with you , there 's a lot of bullshit people blame white people for but we ca n't just hate other races because of it . 
  lmao , boycotting a game because certain characters happen to be black . 
  ca n't think of many things more racist . 
  well obviously you 're part of the 25 % of the american population that are super soldiers , as seen in the documentary `` the first avenger '', 
  `` hmmm , what does he mean ? 
  is there something soldiers had to have on them on d-day ? '', 
  * googles d-day army kit *, 
  `` hmm , ca n't see anything here , maybe he just mean the grenades ... '', 
  * googles ww2 frag grenade weight *, 
  `` these are n't very heavy either ... 
  oh ... * those * balls ... '', 
  ugh , this thread is the worst . 
  very true . 
  it 's very similar , but tarantino usually just has more commercial movies , and kevin smith just has fun ideas . 
  ca n't tell if you 're joking ... 
  it 's not though , there were black people who fought in the war , for all sides , and in the game maybe 1/5 characters is black . 
  any guesses for who that person who phil wo n't hang out with and fucked him over ? 
  i would n't think so but yt red for a 5 minute video makes up maybe 3 % of the money on that video .
