  lol , you 're getting downvoted for posting facts , wut . 
  it does only have 16 bullets though . 
  triggered beta . 
  and alexandre bisonnette is what you get when you have devout trump supporters . 
  because she took a nap ? 
  he wants to ban abortion , his cabinet is filled with homophobes , he believes that vaccines cause autism and he 's trying to ban people based on their country of origin and religion . 
  if that does n't sound like strict christian rule to you then you must be an idiot . 
  he has also been firing and publicly shaming basically anyone who criticizes or disagrees with him . 
  yeah , and t_d is so open and welcoming to different ideas , right ? 
  yeah , t_d is so incredibly nice to everyone . 
  i enjoy / r/asktrumpsupporters because there 's actually some discussion there sometimes . 
  you seem like a bigot . 
  there 's systems in place to put people of other religions on higher priority , if they 're coming from these countries . 
  how about you give some good reasons for voting trump then ? 
  lol , good point , it 's not like trump supporters literally spammed a single picture in a fit of rage , constantly , over the course of a day just because one of their posts got downvoted . 
  what intolerance ? 
  battlefront 2 has had all these features and more for over 10 years . 
  how so ? 
  who expected it to be sfw ? 
  says the t_d user ... 
  does n't take very long to find out when someone is a t_d user . 
  seeing as how it helps you understand who they are , in order to understand their opinions , i do n't see what 's wrong with it . 
  i looked at their post history and it was one of the first ones there . 
  i do n't understand the issue here . 
  i did argue his point , i said that it was dumb because it 's the exact same thing that happens on t_d . 
  probably just psychopathy , i doubt it 's intentional . 
  i love his laugh . 
  ca n't the players hear the casters ? 
  are they that noise cancelling though ? 
  i 've never owned hearing protection good enough to keep the casters out ( assuming they 're on the speakers in the building ), 
  ah , interesting . 
  the ** cringe ** is real . 
  it 's just that he was disoriented . 
  interesting to see this and the solid coloured camos , but no info at all on when or how they come out . 
  agreed , i did n't connect it to what was happening in game . 
  same but i can at least put the old one in externally and get all my missing clips back . 
  probably my least favorite dumb circlejerk, 
  me too, 
  me too, 
  me too, 
  300/300 for 1000kr/month . 
  thank you for not calling them `` cucks '' . 
  people are saying that you `` should n't rely on the government '' and that raising a kid is `` your responsibility . '', 
  `` i should n't have to work 16 hours a day when i have a newborn child '', 
  fair point , american is better because we forgot to factor in the government mandated gang rapes and machetes . 
  sources please ? 
  i know for a fact that trump spent his last vacation with hookers and cocaine so that 's a bit hypocritical . 
  you do realize that cardboard cutouts do n't have anything on the back , right ? 
  i 'm on the regular launch ps4 and regularly get 80-90 in th . 
  you do if you turn off vsync . 
  turn off vsync , then if you have the info thing at the bottom of your screen you can see the fps hit 70-100 . 
  sounds like a problem with that specific ps4 , i 've had something similar but that was because i accidentally left it on over night and when i got back it was around 12-15 fps . 
  oh yeah , it does n't turn off the 60fps lock for multiplayer , that 's why . 
  ahhh :( does that mean the browsing while searching is 3 months away ? 
  they 're gon na change her and give her makeup , you guys are gon na freak out as usual , saying that they never should have changed her . 
  you can definitely accidentally hit the hostage , it should n't take you out of the pool all together . 
  stealing this to get top comment on the patch notes . 
  i do n't see why anyone would believe that . 
  please do n't come here just to troll . 
  coming to the rainbow subreddit and calling the core feature of the game a `` stupid gimmick '' seems pretty close to trolling . 
  when was the last time you saw a post here referring to anything other than siege ? 
  link ? 
  so you lied ... 
  between 1 and 2 ? 
  agreed , at first i was like `` huh , maybe i need to look more into this , this stuff seems pretty serious '' then it was suddenly inter dimensional child molesters and chemtrails . 
  you have no clue how wrong you are , check out buzz aldrin 's instagram then come back here . 
  but he thinks they think that about themselves so in a way he believes it , and even corrected joe several times on how it was , then later he said that it might actually be how it happened . 
  `` let 's take all the servers down , then make people download several gb , just as the europeans are getting home and just as the americans are waking up . '', 
  yeah , i hope they change the names because explaining to people that the gold one with a 3 on it is actually gold 2 and vice verse is fucking dumb . 
  did they change the names or just the icons ? 
  i 'm fine with it if the changed the names . 
  ah , i was worried gold 1 would be lowest and it 'd have the 4 tally marks , making the system even more confusing if you do n't know . 
  will there be any compensation for the outages during the invitational ? 
  and , as well . 
  oh , not for my keyboard . 
  is there a version without the text ? 
  love it otherwise . 
  we have n't gotten any boosters yet for any of these outages . 
  server crash . 
  when i pay $ 60 + $ 30 + $ 30 for a game and invest tons of time into it , i do n't think it 's unreasonable to expect online service to work for 24 hours at a time . 
  what about the previous 4 days when the servers have gone down ? 
  yeah , a 3 day booster would n't be unreasonable to ask for right now . 
  lol , rip, 
  why not ? 
  we 're paying for the game and many people have paid for at least 1 season pass . 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable at all . 
  i understand that they never promised to keep the servers up 24/7 no matter what , but 5 outages in 5 days is just idiotic . 
  you must be subbed in order to see this ... 
  why are they trash ? 
  i find their videos pretty decent . 
  seeing as how much 4chan and t_d did to help his campaign , i 'm starting to think that autism causes trump . 
  you ca n't honestly think that the servers have been fine for the last year . 
  it has 1000 upvotes in 5 hours . 
  my 300 hours of playtime tell me that the servers have gone down several times per month since i got it . 
  i do n't think they really do politics at all outside of the election year , i agree that it 's a bit stupid and pandery though . 
  also if you put one on each side it does n't work either . 
  playing rainbow six right now , can confirm , lit af, 
  agreed , he said it best himself , if she just said `` you 're annoying and you 're not being funny '' that it would have crushed him , and that 's exactly how i felt , but i still think the fallout was great , and i love how much of a hypocrite she turned out to be . 
  yes !, 
  has there been a discussion on siege yet ?
