  ah yeah , maybe lol . 
  and americans say europe is doomed, 
  been playing cod4 for the last 2 weeks and i can confirm it 's everything i always wanted lmao . 
  yeah i feel you , was supposed to get fiber in june and still have n't , any time i need to download anything i 'm reminded of my awful internet . 
  yeah man , good on ya . 
  yeah , i make some tutorial videos for games like the one i linked earlier , but try my hardest to literally race through anything irrelevant , the way i see it people clicked on your video for a reason , no way they 're gon na care about you explaining why or what you 're doing . 
  mwr to keep me busy until then lol . 
  does n't matter if you do n't have a mic though . 
  there 's a comment on that sub in the -1000 s lol, 
  erh , am i the only one that realized that cats do n't have malice when they attack you like that , and wo n't fucking kill a small animal because it felt threatened ? 
  why ? 
  because a lady was kicking snow at it and it felt threatened . 
  it was that woman 's cat . 
  it was put down . 
  i kinda just figured , it looks amazing in this pic and in the movie but i bet in reality it 'd be a nice side . 
  why does everyone on reddit seem to have such an issue with other people 's font choice ? 
  ca n't they just use what they want ? 
  or when you do the `` side screen slide '' to get back to reddit but it just goes to the next imgur post . 
  fuck that . 
  agreed , people on reddit always complain about it being an echo chamber or things like that , but just try getting any sort of useful discussion out of youtube or 9gag . 
  i really love all the insight and surprisingly original jokes . 
  as for the overwhelming comments , i kinda have the same feeling but just close a comment section as soon as i start to get bored of it , maybe not the best system but it keeps me from going crazy . 
  it 's so fucking crazy how dumb serious comments can be . 
  i blame a lot of it on the comment section itself though , you ca n't see every time someone replied to you , you get notifications from people talking to someone completely else , and the comments have no thread structure to see who 's replying to who . 
  another issue is that any spam or generic copy-pasted comments get immediately liked to the top comment just for being early , which makes basically everything trying to be a discussion get buried and these generic comments live on . 
  i was so confused when my post got to / r/all and i suddenly was getting tons of comments from imgur lol , thanks for clearing that up . 
  the thing that always annoyed me about 4chan is that since there 's no voting system all the posts are just scattered all over the place so it 's harder to find good content . 
  ( i feel like an imgur user saying reddit 's too hard to understand ), 
  it 's a great show that mixes drama/love story/action/adventure very well , you should definitely watch it . 
  the only thing people complain about a lot is the ending but it 's not really that bad , it ties up all the loose ends and leaves some things to the imagination . 
  i know i 'm 3 months late but definitely watch it if you can . 
  he 's also crashed at least 2 times in real life too . 
  what ? 
  i might be misunderstanding but if you 're saying that you have n't seen that before , literally every time someone posts a screenshot without the default font there 's tons of comments about how the font is literally hitler . 
  um , thicc spelt like that means she has nice boobs or ass . 
  ugh , that 's the real horror here . 
  e : ( to clarify , i do n't actually dislike the game , but i honestly do n't think it 's worth any money you could put towards phantom pain ), 
  as someone who 's done that flight 4 times this yeah , this is truly the real horror of the episode . 
  oh shit , did n't even notice that , thought she just worded it vaguely . 
  that 's what i took away but both are totally valid options . 
  no , but there 's no reason the believe that the house lasting 1 second was true , might have just been him imagining it , there was nothing going on in that room between him going into the house and coming out . 
  anyone else feel like this episode had tons of mental issue/schizophrenia tie ins ? 
  the voices in his head telling him he had no worth ? 
  i have n't seen any comments about it . 
  what i loved was how self aware the episode was , like when he was getting the crackers i was like `` i bee he 's gon na close the cabinet and something scary 's gon na be there '' then he references it , and it goes totally unexpected . 
  i got like 2 upvotes at first , and now i 'm at -25 so i 'm not sure what the consensus is . 
  i thought that was just something the `` them '' said to fuck him over further . 
  dude , if you think twd has bad acting you obviously did n't see sunday 's episode . 
  yeah lol , i think the pin was 3109 and the gas was 31.89 or something . 
  or does it ... ? 
  it 's not like it had an emotionally driven reason to attack the lady , it 's a cat , it does n't think . 
  they act on instinct so if you do n't provoke them you 'll be fine . 
  say you 'll show her another cute one and do s3e2 or s3e3 . 
  i 'm assuming it 's a reference to how chewbacca dis ` members people ? 
  mainly because people always reply with something about chewie . 
  i mean , i do n't think he was short on cash exactly . 
  they did n't start flying in or after bo2 ? 
  i really dislike it when people say things like this because the last 3 cods have all been made by different studios and are very different . 
  this makes me so mad , everyone constantly complains about how it 's the same every year but then start complaining that they should be going back to how it was in the good old days . 
  how has it gotten out of hand ? 
  there are 2 games that have it . 
  this comment is a perfect example of the anti cod ignorance . 
  why 's that ? 
  is n't that what people say is how to do it ? 
  change it up while keeping the core of the game the same ? 
  that 's literally what everyone says is the best way to do things . 
  why 's that ? 
  ca n't you just mute people ? 
  but ghosts is widely regarded as the word cod ever . 
  that 's like watching the phantom menace and bitching about how bad star wars is . 
  bo3 was probably one of the best games in the series honestly , the mp maps were a bit repetitive but other than that it was pretty good , and the iw beta felt pretty decent , although not as good as bo3 imo . 
  yeah , literally stop him from spending his money on something he wants because some people on a website do n't like the video game . 
  why was the iw beta so bad ? 
  when was the last time it ventured into space ? 
  it 's not really a space shooter and is widely regarded as the best cod in recent memory . 
  also you do n't seem to understand the development cycle . 
  it is sold digitally . 
  and when you tell people their logic of `` it 's too different but the same every year '' is flawed they 'll tell you that it 's different on the outside but still plays the same . 
  ** that 's literally the best way to integrate change **, 
  have you played every game the last 4 years ? 
  bo2 , ghosts , aw and bo3 ? 
  those games play completely differently , and sorry if i 'm not worth your time but you 're just wrong , plain and simple . 
  which cod sucks exactly ? 
  can you give me an example ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  that people do n't complain about cod being reskinned ? 
  the campaign was n't great but the mp and zombies are really good for bo3 . 
  there 's so many flaws to your argument it 's kinda ridiculous . 
  why ? 
  shhhh , no logic , only circlejerk . 
  why ? 
  it 's already 3 years , possibly 4 soon , does n't seem like it 'd be helping the game at that point . 
  this is my biggest issue at the moment , i love cod and have played every one since cod 2 , but the guns right now just feel like plastic toys , and not actual weapons that exist . 
  one thing that got me super excited for iw was seeing guns like the ump and glock back in there . 
  uh , did you not play a single shooter between 2004 and 2011 ? 
  literally every story in ww2 has been told in fps games . 
  yup , you hear that game devs ? 
  those games that dozens of millions of people are playing ? 
  just stop making those and the industry will be much better off . 
  there are n't destructible environments in cod , and the reason it did n't work at all in ghosts is because the engine is so old it 's not even funny .
