  jesus christ , i just had this same thought , are we terrible people ? 
  the assassin is like the boyfriend guy mixed with meecham . 
  ( i forget the guy 's name ), 
  the people who want to ban muslims and are afraid of brown people . 
  however you wan na categorize them . 
  nope he spoke in arabic , he 's a scary brown muslim man , not a white trash mentally ill man . 
  what motive would they have for being killed in a terrorist attack unless they were terrorists ? 
  i think so but this was n't with caveira . 
  it helps with spread and range a lot if you hip-fire . 
  true , but it would only save me ~ 3 seconds because it takes a while to load . 
  still though , that 's only 4 of the 16 clicks required . 
  no matter your personal opinion on cod , their weapon loadout menus are amazing , it takes me a total of 5 seconds to swap the primary weapon on a class and add 2 attachments and a sight . 
  yeah , especially if you 're used to a game like cod that has instant loading as soon as you click on something . 
  100 % identify with everything you said . 
  you can disable vsync . 
  it 's called the `` monocerose '' . 
  yeah but it 's not just christians , it can be atheists , jews , or even just less extreme muslims . 
  also , i was being serious but just because i misunderstood your comment , my bad . 
  still only saves you 3-4 out of 16-20 clicks . 
  fair point , maybe the reason they seem so cunty is because the cunty mods only allow massive circle jerks . 
  i live in europe and my country takes in 10s of thousands of immigrants . 
  where do you live again ? 
  it 's just clunky , if you buy a new universal camo or charm then 20 seconds per weapon gets to be a fucking long time for something that 's so effortless in other games . 
  certain windows are pretty good , others are unchanged . 
  yeah , th is locked to 30fps so i was very happy when i found out so i could play without wanting to kill myself . 
  4 hours at 25 points , you 're lucky this did n't get 300-600 upvotes because you 'd have 35 comments about how you can cancel frag throws . 
  this makes so much sense thank you for this . 
  yeah , cod menus are so amazing . 
  it 's just sad to use . 
  especially in a aaa . 
  i think it 's because there was originally just supposed to be one door there so they added all the windows to balance it but it just became super open when they added the second door . 
  were you guys in that one thomi video or are you just copycats ? 
  it decreases shotgun spread and makes it more accurate when hip-firing . 
  nope , wayyy too offensive for that sub . 
  yup , most comments that are downvoted there are because they 're offensive . 
  [ check out the orignal video !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzqrfdd1ies&amp;ab_channel=tomska ), 
  you know it 's a good pun when the replies are just congratulating it rather than the usual degradation of quality in puns . 
  thanks . 
  lol , reminds me of thomi . 
  i 'm confused as to how it 's worded in norwegian . 
  or what sandwich he was about to eat . 
  ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ cyanide . 
  or , you know , people having general knowledge about one of the biggest events in recent history . 
  but what if you do n't say anything for the first few seconds ? 
  i just have a script that automatically runs any number that 's not in my contacts through a public search engine for phone numbers in my country and displays the name . 
  the website it uses will also tell me if the number is a business , personal or sales number . 
  just set up a script to automatically search a number while it 's ringing if you 're connected to the internet . 
  at least in my country , every person 's phone number is connected to their name and address , and easily searchable . 
  so it can be , yes , at least depending on where you live . 
  correlation might not equal causation in this case . 
  i do n't understand what you mean , sure it 's had a minor resurgence in pop culture because of the game but it 's a massive landmark in history , it 's been relevant for a long time and the game itself does n't even reference the assassination that the post is referring to . 
  it 's just this person drawing a parallel to a historical event and trying to seem smart . 
  but this clip is from console ... 
  the point is that this is just overall terrible and needs to be redone and forgotten . 
  [ there does n't actually appear to be any correlation between web activity mentioning ww1 and battlefield 1 , nearly at all . 
  now adding holsters , bandoliers , super-silencers , loudeners , speed-cockers , aaaand an attachment for shooting down [ police helicopters ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shlexpoify4 ) . 
  i guess we wo n't be needing that last one . 
  yet ... 
  he was a piece of shit murderer . 
  i bet you would n't be saying this if he killed one of your parents or grandparents . 
  people never really expect things like this . 
  i 'm sure the security team are prepared but when you 're put on turkish ambassador duty you probably are n't as alert as the president 's guard . 
  i mean , we know for a fact that it happened , it 's boring watching a 2 minute video when you 're waiting for a shooting that only happens in the last 5 seconds . 
  alright , i definitely agree that there 's been a spike in popularity , and i was wrong to use the google thing . 
  no but he was somebody 's , and although he may not have been a great person , the person who killed him did that to himself , it 's not sad , he did n't have his future ripped away , he murdered somebody in the name of his god , who if you believe in , you should n't feel bad for him . 
  `` 2.2 billion people all want us to fear going out so we should ban them from entering '', 
  but he has money for life . 
  he 's made between 5 and 12 million a year since he started so it 's not like he needs to work at all . 
  he makes youtube videos because he thinks it 's fun . 
  yeah , a lot of people on reddit judge him based off his annoying persona from years ago but he 's changed a lot and nobody will give him another chance . 
  what 's your problem with him ? 
  ca n't you handle that someone you do n't find entertaining makes more money than you ? 
  it 's gon na be a hard life if these are the things that upset you . 
  yeah , not to bring politics into this , but the other day there was a trump supporter on reddit that told me that liberalism is a mental disorder . 
  i honestly ca n't comprehend that kind of thinking , it 's like you ca n't even comprehend that you may be wrong about something . 
  i do n't watch his gaming videos much but his rants and videos where he just talks to the camera are amazing . 
  actually the overwhelming response i 've seen on reddit is hate for this guy . 
  yeah , it 's a bit weird that youtube constantly say that they remove inactive subscribers , yet he has 50m . 
  i like his videos but 50 mil is crazy , he only gets about 4m on an average video and maybe 10-20 if it 's successful , do n't get how there are 30 million people who never watch his videos but are still deemed as active . 
  it 's really not bad , i find it quite fun to watch , but you also kinda need to know him , to know when he 's joking , he 'll often say absurd or stupid shit just to see the reaction from the media , like when he said he 'd delete his channel at 50m . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgigdqkq-km ) is the kind of video i 'm talking about , it 's not really comedy gold or anything but i found it pretty funny . 
  i think it 's probably safe to say that if you do n't find anything in there funny you probably wo n't enjoy his other videos . 
  i ca n't speak for now , but yeah , one thing that infuriates me is watching someone who 's just * bad * at gaming . 
  i love his videos , but i do n't watch many gaming videos at all for this reason . 
  his computer is pretty good , i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  yeah , and salty redditors apparently . 
  he 's not though , he used the opportunity to get youtube 's attention and spark a discussion . 
  it was n't for clickbait . 
  if you 're talking about casey neistat he literally just stopped making his vlogging series , he still makes videos , very good ones . 
  yeah , 90 % of the criticism i hear on reddit is from people who judge him based on his 2012-2013 persona , and not people who actually watch his videos . 
  it 's fine if you do n't like his current videos but please educate yourself before saying that he panders to kids and acts like an idiot . 
  try 5x that . 
  what ? 
  where do n't they have rogue one ? 
  ca n't tell if you 're joking . 
  there 's no tank . 
  what 's nafta ? 
  that 's literally not what it means , the definition is `` a person who offers an argument in defence of something controversial '' . 
  do n't you think trump is fucking controversial ?
