  wait , where do i sign ? 
  - a broke person who spent all his money on black ops . 
  i 've heard his time is now . 
  i 've heard you 're not supposed to do that because it 's too amazing and it 'll ruin normal sex for the rest of your life . 
  jesus , that 's amazing and i really want this game now . 
  she 's concentrating . 
  pretty sure that i 'm worse than hitler when i play fallout . 
  you find me offensive ? 
  i find you offensive for finding me offensive !, 
  i 'm a guy but still relevant . 
  i absolutely hate it when people ask me what i wan na do because one of these 2 things always happen :, 
  i say i 'm not sure or do n't care and they get annoyed with me for being indecisive, 
  i tell them something and they either say that it 's a bad idea or we do that thing and they act miserable about it . 
  ca n't tell if you 're making fun of me * fry face *, 
  yeah , i really want fallout but as a long time zombies fan i made the decision to get black ops instead . 
  haha , i 'm excited someone got the reference . 
  dude , it 's amazing , i 've been playing since black ops 1 and although there a pretty decent learning curve , it 's very good once you get into it . 
  did you play mob of the dead ? 
  shadows plays pretty much like that . 
  yeah it 's really good for what it is , barely anything new though so i 'm kinda over it already . 
  i 've had fun doing some videos on it , long time zombies fan so i got this over fallout . 
  do n't think it 's the problem , in the editor in the elgato software it says the video is 0:00 seconds ( even though one of them was 4gb ), 
  how do i do that for the elgato software ? 
  possibly , i have an external hdd connected so it 's possible it loses connection every now and then . 
  [ i have a differe n't version , it 's not there for me . 
  yeah me too . 
  ah , thanks anyways . 
  oh damn , these comments make me feel bad about wanting fallout 4 and just cause 3 ... 
  i 'm on the map right now looking for the question marks , whatever they might be . 
  edit : [ i think they just re-used the waw loading screen . 
  oh thanks, 
  did n't know about the crashing part until yesterday and did n't know how to fix it until now . 
  yup , it was super annoying when i was gon na play with a friend yesterday . 
  ugh , is this circle jerk a thing still ? 
  oh it 's you ? 
  my friend says my hair looks like yours apparently . 
  my theory was that he was a camping bitch who glitched the map . 
  yeah , i thought a 500gb ps4 would last me a while , i was out of space in like a few weeks . 
  well there 's no black ops 2 on ps4 so i 'd asume not . 
  me too , i just wish i had money for a 1tb ssd or even hdd and i 'd put that in no problem . 
  ah that sucks , thanks anyways . 
  yeah , looks like there 's 5 gobblegums on the picture , i have almost all of them so i could test it out if anyone has any theories for me to test . 
  this is what it looks like to me : http://i.imgur.com/hwevynp.png, 
  oh yeah , not sure what to make of that . 
  thought it 'd get more of a discussion if i posted it here . 
  haha , unintentional but nearly perfect :p, 
  i have no idea , posted it here half because i was hoping some magical redditor would come bearing gifts and information about creepy 70s gameshow hosts . 
  how many records you expectin ' to sell , after your second lp sent you direcly to jail ? 
  oh , thanks . 
  i have no idea where or when this would be acceptable on tv , might 've been un-aired clips . 
  i know right , it 's so fucked up !, 
  ahh that 's fucked up . 
  i feel like perv is someone who likes anything remotely sexual that other people do n't like * as much * . 
  no i do n't think so , i 'm starting to think i just made this song i 've been looking for all day up , thanks anyways though . 
  possibly , the way it blinks in the beginning though makes me think it 's * something * . 
  probably the worst thing about it for me is the whole $ 80 thing . 
  ruined online on consoles though . 
  yeah , after hardline i think we need a good , new battlefield . 
  doubt they 'll sell as much next year , i know unless there 's some shift in the continuity of the universe and infinity ward get their shit together , cod will die out because of iw and shg being unable to make decent games . 
  fun fact : ^ ( not really ) my uncle was born on the 28th of december 1969 and constantly talks about how good things were `` as a 60s kid '', 
  they should 've done the flytrap . 
  not sure what was causing it but it stopped for me after a short while . 
  damn , me too : https://gfycat.com/speedyflawedfruitbat, 
  yeah , the same for me , if you get hit as you start sliding or just before it stops the slide and you just crouch or lie down . 
  what are those damn doughnut carts ? 
  i 'm down if you ever need another person ( assuming you 're full already ), 
  haha , i used to do this all the time in the / r/gtaa crew as a kind of party trick , got pretty good at it after a while . 
  holy fuck . 
  in what way exactly ? 
  only need one shot per 5 rounds , just need to time them correctly . 
  if anyone is interested for more tips and tricks like this join us at / r/codzombies, 
  need to time your shots , does n't matter how many . 
  [ here 's an example . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5dptmjg1l0 ), 
  yeah , i 've heard / r/xboxone is full of those people . 
  i mas making fun of the fact that he said `` fanboys need to bash people who buy different consoles '' and i bashed the users of / r/xboxone for buying a different console . 
  haha , i would n't mind . 
  i meant like why does it say 25 minutes left when my download should be 10 seconds . 
  actually it 's usually more like 80/80 sometimes , it 's my school wifi though and it 's been slowing down lately . 
  have n't booted my game since . 
  sweet , i think i was at 301 for a while , i got 44 pretty soon after the game came out so i guess i was just lucky . 
  autism works in mysterious ways . 
  it 's a last gen achivement i think . 
  yeah , i have my live reaction to it , if anyone wants to see it i could post it here . 
  haha , here you go : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7glnkmfjrv8, 
  i try my best :p, 
  have you played black ops 3 ? 
  the zombies are aggressive as fuck . 
  we did actually gg not long after, 
  `` that 's the worst thing i 've seen , it 's not ~ ~ reasonable ~ ~ sane ! '', 
  yeah , i 'm norwegian-canadian so was struggling to find a word , a lot of the time swedish just sounds like jibberish to me . 
  yeah , [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ado4oblx2j4 ) what happened to you right ? 
  i 'll make one when i get home if no one else has . 
  edit : [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imwqqjqikpg ) the youtube link , and [ here 's ] ( https://gfycat.com/adeptcoldhoneyeater ) the gfy, 
  here 's what i did to make this if anyone cares :, 
  downloaded the original picture . 
  go through each of them year by year and screenshot each one . 
  number them by year so they 'd sort themselves in my editing software . 
  drag them into my editing software and realize that they did n't sort themselves so i dragged them back out and began the long and tedious process of dragging them in one by one . 
  shortened each of them to 6 frames , individually so they 'd fit the 15 second limit on gfycats .
