  yeah . 
  i think it sorts it in relevance , or what has the most results . 
  i 'm just some kid who likes zombies , and i noticed this . 
  i have next to zero medical experience . 
  edit : i just clicked it again and went to / r/suicidewatch ... 
  i 've been playing a lot of gta iv the last few days and i knew it was on there . 
  did n't know about gta v though . 
  well , i was just watching a movie with a girl and she suddenly kissed me . 
  i 'd say that was pretty effective . 
  staged , and/or slightly bi-sexual . 
  what if it was kevin spacey ? 
  yeah , i just noticed it too !, 
  i was thinking as i was watching it . 
  `` i bet someone unexpected is gon na come out of the barn at the end '', 
  i was n't expecting her though . 
  looking back on it now i 'm thinking that there was really no one who could 've been in the barn but her . 
  holy , shit , i wish i watched that when it first came out . 
  watching it late leaves spoilers , like knowing that daryl was alive in season 4 ruined it for me . 
  no , not that , it 's fine , i 'm all caught up on the show . 
  it 's just that when i watched it the first time i knew that daryl survived , so it was n't that suspenceful to see him get shot in the head as it would 've been . 
  yeah , 
  a girl kissed me yesterday and i 'm still thinking this ... 
  haha , yeah , i know , i 'm talking to her now , thanks though ... , 
  what about black meth damon ? 
  get fucked , mate , cunt . 
  maybe he just loves the candy , 
  oh god , funniest shit i 've read all day ... 
  it 's been a boring one , but still . 
  here you go , a / r/nocontext [ submission ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nocontext/comments/2nrind/good_ole_momma_twofap_is_there_to_get_her_son/ ) for you . 
  haha , nice . 
  this is apparantly quite an unpopular opinion but does anyone else thing bizarre is kinda wack ? 
  he 's hilarious but does n't rap too well ... :p, 
  first time i ever read it `` do n't open , dead inside '' instead of `` do n't dead , open inside '', 
  not on this subreddit . 
  is it weird that this makes sence to me ? 
  i would never choose to fuck a man ... 
  good job , it 's interesting . 
  only jab is that i would n't really consider hitler dangerous . 
  evil ? 
  yes . 
  scary ? 
  maybe . 
  but i do n't see him being dangerous enough to reach a 15 though . 
  anyway , it was good , i liked it . 
  okay , yeah , good point ... 
  i guess i was just thinking if i was alone in a room with hitler i could probably take him ; he was pretty old . 
  i do n't know what it is , he just has a weird thing where it sounds like he 's really drunk and slurring his words all the time . 
  yeah , whenever i see hitler my panties soak up ;p, 
  ( get your dick back in your pants , i 'm a guy ), 
  [ ayyy , lmao . 
  moon moon ? 
  thanks op , i do n't live where you can watch it on tv so i just watch the episode online on mondays when i get home from school , i have n't seen the episode yet but i was just about to check the walking dead facebook page and see what people were saying about the episode when i was done on reddit . 
  thank god for this . 
  it was a close one !, 
  haha , yeah , i was bored , tired , and at school :p, 
  you must be black . 
  i think it 's a bra with that 's supposed to look like a boob . 
  too soon man ... 
  ^ ( just finished the episode , i 'm crushed ) ^ :(, 
  haha , it 's fine , i lol 'd then i realizied and got sad . 
  damn , that was epic though !, 
  yeah , i did n't really get sad at any deaths from the show , it might just be because i binged through it , but still . 
  i did n't really get too sad at breaking bad either , except for when ( major breaking bad spoilers ) [ ] ( / s `` jane died , and at the end when jessie was just broken . '' ), 
  but still , in breaking bad i never cried , i was really close to tearing up in this episode though , i was just in bed freaking out , it was so violent too , and when dawns head exploded . 
  ( sorry about the rant , i have a lot of feelings about the episode , haha . ), 
  well , how about it syringes and blood tests , have you ever though about how much air there 's in a syringe ? 
  aww , that probably would 've got to me , i was spoiled regarding hank before i watched the show :(, 
  real close between beth and carol . 
  ( i voted for carol , i 'm sad beth 's dead ), 
  haha , not what i meant , but what if the writers run the polls and have multiple endings and base them on what people think ? 
  it 's be better if i did it though ... :p, 
  yeah , i guess so , i was just really starting to like beth and i felt bad for maggie . 
  i do n't get it , sorry ... 
  i 've seen the episode ... can someone explain it ? 
  i agree , but i liked the episode when daryl and beth went drinking , apparantly a lot of people did n't though . 
  okay , i got that then , not the gratest joke imo though ... 
  drop the ` e ' at ` i-n-g ', 
  oh , sorry for my ignorance , i was raised in canada :p, 
  hahahahahahaha bob2 , i love that so much . 
  youtube link ? 
  ahhhh , i feel for you man , i 'm sooo glad i did n't get spoiled , or mildly but at least i did n't remember it when i saw the episode . 
  oh , thank you so much . 
  thanks . 
   `` ohhh silly op you rotated the picture wrong ! '', 
  no muhfuckah no i did not . 
  this shit is so off the chain it literally wipes its ass with the laws of gravity . 
  - top kek . 
  that dude 's like `` not this shit again . '', 
  in browser try dragging it , if the picture moves when you drag it it 's an add . 
  oh , thanks you , i did n't know . 
  it 's always worked for me , but then again i have n't been downloading too much lately because i got a mac . 
  69/420 , not enough hitmarkers . 
  good , funny post , but you 're probably not typing at [ 10 ], 
  / r/retiredgif, 
  well , i 'm being accused of crimes i did n't commit , my friends all stopped talking to me for some reason , i have a shit ton of overdue homework i have n't done , my grades are horrible , my girlfriend keeps going behind my back and wo n't talk to me , and i have no one who will listen . 
  i guess all these things wo n't really seem important in a few years . 
  i 'm 15 and i 'm being accused of crimes i did n't commit , my friends all stopped talking to me for some reason , i have a shit ton of overdue homework i have n't done , my grades are horrible , my girlfriend keeps going behind my back and wo n't talk to me , and i have no one who will listen . 
  i guess all these things wo n't really seem important in a few years . 
  / r/morbidlybeautiful ? 
  calgary mothafucka ...
