  why ? 
  remove points for drone spotting . 
  simple as that . 
  client sided destruction , basically means that for thermite the entire wall was open and he could walk through it . 
  this is what happens when you skimp on servers . 
  the nerf has been hard on frost . 
  would n't be surprised to see will come in . 
  he got fuzed while he was down i believe . 
  it 's fun watching them play but it 's hard with their players having such a bad rep. 
  what did he say ? 
  no mom , it 's not 20.7 degrees , it 's 21.4 !, 
  reeeeeee, 
  but why is it homophobic ... ? 
  fairly common in casual , not everyone feels the need to listen to every floorboard creek , maybe they 'll listen to music or just turn the game down . 
  she was reloading . 
  no reason to have 5 people on mic to just play casual . 
  yes but not every player in casual is gon na know that . 
  not every player in casual has experience in other fps games , i see lapses in judgement like this every other day in casual . 
  sure it 's a bad play , just saying they could be completely new to the game and not know what they 're doing . 
  lapse of concentration , not worried about grinding out kills , maybe just messing around with friends and not caring . 
  some people just play video games to chill , does n't matter how long you 've played . 
  why would he wear a flight helmet and a ski mask in an interrogation . 
  i 've seen this before , tested in custom game , impossible to hit the player lying in the bedroom from the outside . 
  as a smoke main , do n't waste your smokes , use them in tight corridors to screw attackers and if there 's 30 seconds left , you can use 1 every 10 seconds and waste the whole round . 
  if they 're blaring music into their mic , sure ,, 
  they 're assholes . 
  but sometimes i like to just run around in casual listening to music in my headset and just practicing aim , sure it 'll take away some of my tactical edge but i do n't really mind because i 'm just having fun . 
  fair point , did n't think of that . 
  lapse of judgement . 
  it 's been confirmed for weeks ... ? 
  warden is brutus . 
  to anyone who does n't get the joke , ss are bots that make random sentences based on an algorithm from the sub they 're from . 
  almost certainly . 
  noah gets nacht, 
  a tip would be to put them closer , makes it so you can shoot quicker between the 2 and you need to adjust your aim less . 
  do n't be that guy . 
  and a dick . 
  does anyone have the video from the skyscraper leak ? 
  it 'd be fun looking back . 
  yeah , he 's being so scummy about it , i was watching noah 's stream and he just started shouting everything he could remember the second the timer hit 0 , meanwhile dalek 's there asking for 1000s of likes just for each little tiny piece of intel . 
  `` i ca n't say anything about the mauser '' i believe was the first thing i heard when i joined his stream . 
  okay buddy ... 
  8 completely remade maps ... ? 
  yeah , jason sitting there awkwardly at jc 's place trying to remember all the maps was a bit dumb . 
  it was just the differe n't maps `` bosses '' , monkeys on ascension , nova 's on kino , dogs on shi no . 
  ahhhh noooo , was so hyped for scoped kar98 . 
  i 'm starting to realize that they seem to have done every ee already , very disappointing . 
  i do n't think it did have more ammo ... ? 
  honestly wo n't look groundbreakingly good , but just being able to play it without it looking like the ps3 version will be a thing of beauty . 
  he was pretty scummy about it in his stream too , asking for likes to reveal stuff that noah and other yters revealed within seconds of the clock hitting 0 . 
  it 'll definitely be good but basically all of the youtubers have said that moon is the one that looks the best compared to its old version . 
  oh i see , i thought you meant mag cap , sorry . 
  i have n't played zombies since before newton 's cookbook came out so i was very ready to be proven wrong . 
  but anything new is also revealed , maybe i wan na find out anything hidden together as a community instead of a select few people getting to know everything weeks ahead . 
  with a bunch of new stuff as well ... ? 
  i did n't say i wanted to go in blind , i wanted to find new features together as a community , post launch . 
  ees for new maps have been completed before launch previously . 
  there 's a confirmed ee for verr\u00fckt so you 're wrong . 
  yeah , gobblegum which , by the way , had been revealed by noah 10 mins earlier and there was a complete list of them on the subreddit by then . 
  because it does not matter , we wo n't find them out as a community , because all the youtubers have hours of gameplay from all the maps . 
  the point is n't that i know , the point is that anyone knows , it 's 8 days until this comes out and everyone knows every detail to all the maps , just because 3arch are too cheap to advertise normally and play favourites in the community . 
  you 're completely misrepresenting my argument . 
  treyarch are ruining all the fun surprises by letting all these people play early , my favourite thing after a dlc drops is being on this sub refreshing and seeing all the cool things people find on the different maps , that 's what 's taken away when treyarch let this happen . 
  ray gun mk2 , phd , ppsh , mp-40 , gobblegum , gersch devices , matryoshka dolls , new quotes . 
  these are all things that i would have liked for the community to have not known about before launch , it makes it more exciting to find this all out the day we can play it . 
  plenty of people are ... 
  why you got ta be such a dick ? 
  i 'm not jealous , i think it 's dumb that a handful of people play the new maps and tell us every little detail about them a week before they 're out . 
  yeah haha , so excited for all the maps honestly . 
  you 're so fucking dense , why do you need to be such a dick about it ? 
  any time i make a point you completely ignore the argument and say that i 'm `` crying '' and that i 'm `` just jealous '' , how am i the one who 's avoiding discussion ? 
  when you need to save a zombie , throw away the nades . 
  i was expecting 3-4 a map on average , glad it 's so small . 
  or that there 's more than 1 person with 1 opinion in the cod community ... ? 
  it is real . 
  everyone complains about everything , it 's the internet , do n't worry about it . 
  the hitboxes might be bad but they 're not `` wrong '' so to speak , like , a bullet wo n't miss if it 's on a characters player model , but also things like blitz ' headgear should n't be part of his hitbox . 
  sitting at a mouse hole waiting . 
  this is just another thing reddit hates 100 % because it 's popular . 
  :( i got down voted so hard for saying this the other day . 
  i 've seen people say that they 'd rather not have more operators or maps for y2 at all and say that they should just focus on game health , then now people suddenly hate a 1 season delay . 
  yeah , unless we start seeing serious changes , i 'll be inclined to believe that this was all a whole thing to give them more time on the dlcs . 
  it 's random players though , and it happens to everyone at one point or another but has n't happened for anyone the whole time . 
  on oregon , if you open the wall next to the laundry hatch , you can place a battery down , then reinforce the wall and the battery will still be on the hatch through the reinforced wall . 
  really good play . 
  what 's with that gun audio ? 
  what a way to throw a round , terribly played by the enemy team , good job nonetheless . 
  apparently he had the video to share with his team , good spots to play and such , and the video got out there . 
  shoot out the wall , only takes 2 mags , or get someone with a shotgun to do it . 
  thanks . 
  haha , 83 yeah, 
  it 's all about ads sensitivity , i play at 83/53 v/h but have 27 ads sens. 
  but why ? 
  yeah , and even though it was 5-1 , every round was close , not to mention that this was the 3rd map in a best of 3 , the previous 2 maps both went 5-3 . 
  sorry i 'm a bit late but [ here 's ] ( https://youtu.be/qhbvihnsjc0 ) the full game for anyone who wants to see it . 
  not with 1 bullet . 
  wiiiiiithhhh no jugg ... 
  the mp-40 is in the game now , idk what the fuck they 're doing . 
  same with the stg-44 . 
  kuda should be in the mp5k spot .
