  do n't get me wrong , i 'm no austro-hungary nostalgic at all . 
  overall the dual monarchy was probably the most liberal place for minorities before ww1 , so do n't exaggerate . 
  that 's what i was hoping for , using the english sense of humour with a pinch of arrogance . 
  now i can get some good , relaxing sleep - knowing that the english guy does n't actually perceive austria as an uncivilized country , 
  not voluntarily . 
  what happened was a deliberate preference of slovenians to ethnic germans during the kingdom of yugoslavia . 
  but the actual reason they left their home country was because of the pact between hitler and mussolini ( slovenia was under italian rule during that time ) in ww2 . 
  they were resettled due to political reasons . 
  truly sad , but what breaks my heart the most , although i 'm austrian ( and austrians nowadays are supposed to hate on germany lol ) is the loss of prussia , silesia , pomerania and so on and all its ' cultural areas :( btw . 
  i do understand most of the gottscheer dialect !, 
  not really . 
  austro-hungary was mutlicultural , so it was n't forced . 
  however , many cultures automatically adapted . 
  yes that 's right , and we are uneducated as fuck and very religous , literally everyone is working on a farm and ... we harvest your food , 
  yes , that 's basically it . 
  rural areas are similar elsewhere , 
  i googled `` hugo wolf '' . 
  thanks , that 's what i assumed . 
  most german speakers were indeed expelled after ww2, 
  i never heard about them . 
  thats horrible !, 
  oh , over here in some parts they exist as well . 
  yep that 's the thing if you grew up in a city . 
  ( i assume you grew up in a city for not being raised with traditions ) . 
  you guys often barely have any cultural perspectives or historical knowledge , thus you are not excited about awesome traditions like these . 
  ( that btw over here everyone enjoys , even tourists that come for these occasions ), 
  an appropriate reason lol, 
  i 'm not refering to a specific tradition like this , but eg . 
  village theatres where some influential people are being joked on . 
  i will once i find time for it . 
  that 's it  so are there many austrians living in some slovenian regions or just austrian influence ? 
  says someone from the country hooliganism originated in ? 
  the severe injuries are an exception to be honest . 
  kinda of like the many slangs in austria , switzerland , southern tyrol or southern germany . 
  city people or a northern german would never understand it haha, 
  you better go to some austrian spectacles . 
  i think st. johann in pongau or a krampus run in the gasteiner valley area a good recommondation . 
  however , this runs are fully commercialsized . 
  so now whipping and wrestling in those , 
  yes , you have many rights in austria , which is quite good . 
  hahah that 's nice , do n't forget about the many serbs , croats and bosnians living in austria , who might understand you as well . 
  yep , maybe someone could answers this . 
  `` was '' ? 
  so he does not exist anymore in croatia ? 
  wow , that 's nasty . 
  have n't heard about that yet , thanks for sharing !, 
  yes , i got that later on . 
  and thx . 
  oh , so it was in a humorous way , got it . 
  ok we have similar occasions here too . 
  that 's probably due to slovenians in austria being a smaller group than austrians in italy . 
  nevertheless the german speaking minority in italy did n't always `` just have '' that luxury . 
  the fought for it for decades . 
  the italian state during fascism tried to italianize them . 
  i 'd rather have physical terror than psychological terror lol . 
  must have been some really bad experiences for some families . 
  traditions like this are awesome !, 
  i think he was ironical . 
  ps : you should edit your original comment , you make me look like a wimp and apparently i do sound like a wimp in this post , since other people agree with you [ ? ], 
  cool , probably many similarities to south tyrol in this region ( although south tyroleans kept their language ), 
  trust me , it is . 
  but you got hooligans for this :p, 
  yes we have him too , called knecht ruprecht . 
  krampus and knecht ruprecht kind of derive from the same mythological creatures afaik . 
  so do you think that in the past or in rural areas he would beat children too in the netherelands ? 
  well , the hardcore wrestling and whipping mostly takes place among people that know each other or are friends . 
  we are talking about rural areas . 
  i do not think they would severely injure tourists . 
  you have similar traditions . 
  to name one : the fire barrels of ottery st. mary . 
  so do n't call other countries uncivilized . 
  i assume you live in a city/region without any real traditions apart from english football hooliganism , right ? 
  see , i do n't know much about slovenians in carinthia . 
  are you from there ? 
  so do they use the carinthian slang or do they speak standard german ? 
  of course !, 
  how could i forget about the romanic and basque areas !, 
  that 's very interesting , to see the similarities all over europe . 
  i bet all of them share one root . 
  i never heard about this photo project . 
  so this guy is photographing masked traditional costumes all over europe ? 
  cool , i did not know this before !, 
  yes you 're right , in k\u00e4rnten ( carinthia ) , or koro\u0161ka , as you call it there are still parts with slovenian majority . 
  well you 're right . 
  the similarities extend from slavic and germanic areas to even celtic and nordic parts of europe . 
  oh i just looked at your linked photos . 
  surely looking frightening as well !, 
  this is very interesting and so similar to where i live . 
  i see slovenia is often more similar to austria than to its ' yugo counterparts , 
  yes we have similar ones in some areas too ( not refering to krampus ) . 
  traditions like this are super exciting  on what the paganic background is concerned , i think germanic and slavic countries are very similar . 
  i do n't know what he originally meant , but the the way it was written seemed cynical in my mind . 
  however , i dunno if he took it serious . 
  that 's nice to hear . 
  i just looked at pics of your devils . 
  however , traditional costumes look way cooler in my mind . 
  i think the only similar thing are the `` tsch\u00e4g\u00e4tta '' . 
  u/kyffhaeuser introduced me to them yesterday , 
  not according to my father and grand parents . 
  but surely , it depends on the region .
