  i should ask around . 
  oh and how was it ? 
  it looks terrible tbh, 
  still got 68 upvotes , 68 people enjoyed it . 
  it 's better than many other posts . 
  drum should be next on my list , but they only sell it in 40gr packages :( that 's like 3 weeks worth of tobacco for me , i like variety too much to go and buy it, 
  good stuff , i 'd just put a couple wet filters in the bag and get it wet, 
  i might have some golden virginia left over from an old bag , might try this . 
  recently i 've been mixing nas yellow ( surprisingly sub par ) and old holborn blu ( easily my favourite ) , it 's actually pretty decent , you get all the aroma of the old holborn + a bit of the harshness and burn from the nas . 
  well you are n't missing out on the nas , but the old holborn is great . 
  what do you have over there ? 
  thanks for the advice, 
  i never buy the same tobacco twice , even if i like it a lot , so right now i 've been smoking old holborn blue and yellow . 
  the blue is 100 % dark virginia so it comes fairly close in strenght to a mellow halfzware such as drum, 
  please do so , the flavor is quite strong and it has heavy hints of wine/berries . 
  do n't be discouraged if the tobacco smells strongly of wine , it 's normal . 
  wtf lol, 
  i mean maybe they tought you smoked cigars , it 's not that strange of an answer . 
  i used to be a lot like this too , but i also found that it all has to do with balance . 
  if i never told anyone i smoked i 'd have a very different life than what i have now . 
  being open about who you are , when appropriate , is a good thing imho . 
  happy toking, 
  i feel a bit ashamed asking this but what is it supposed to be ? 
  fair enough thanks , 
  you mentioned that you read about the most touristy things , but you should consider that the best parts are the non touristy . 
  best advice : wherever you go stay as far as possible from the tourist crowd . 
  you want to go to the colosseum ? 
  go for it , but then at lunchtime get as far away as possible from it and find a spot that is n't made for tourists : the food is better , the people are nicer . 
  it 's a bit hard to give you any more specific advice . 
  if you are going to rome you may want to wisit the castelli area , to take a look at the more rural part of central italy , if you are traveling in a car you probably want to take smaller side roads and stop at some of the smaller older villages , especially between florence and rome . 
  go to one of the typical restaurants , get some `` famous '' castelli wine , tour the villages and maybe even go to the lake . 
  stay away from the toristic areas , it could be a nice break from the frenetic city . 
  how was your experience apart from the meditation ? 
  meditation made me really curious about psychedelics in general and i was thinking of trying mushrooms with some friends . 
  how did you live your psychedelic experience from a meditator 's point of view ? 
  thanks , that was a very inspiring answer . 
  how are they ? 
  i 'm fresh out of tobacco and this stuff looks interesting ( even though i did n't like nas so far ), 
  every goddamn thread . 
  i do n't come here to watch you people engage in shouting matches . 
  keep politics out of this . 
  every goddamn thread . 
  i do n't come here to watch you people engage in shouting matches . 
  keep politics out of this . 
  every goddamn thread . 
  i do n't come here to watch you people engage in shouting matches . 
  keep politics out of this . 
  so i have to ask : do you even manage to light your cigarette with that thing ? 
  i remember when i could n't find a working lighter in my house and i had to use a zippo for a bit : basically as effective as waiting for lighting to strike my cigarette and light it . 
  i was even using an original zippo with zippo brand fluid . 
  i always hear about how great they are but to me they are just fancy metal bricks . 
  it probably would n't kill you iirc, 
  1 ) depends on what you like , seriously i 've never smoked a `` bad '' tobacco , they are just different and i have my preferences . 
  i 've seen people smoking marlboro or camel ryo and it was horrible , but they still liked it . 
  if tou really have no idea ask around for the most popular brand , it 's probablypretty decent . 
  2 ) your hands . 
  it will take a bit to learn , but after 10 cigarettes you 'll be a pro . 
  also you do n't want to bring a roller with you 24/7 and you may not want to let too much time pass between rolling and smoking ( some tobaccos change taste as they dry ) . 
  your hands can make better cigarettes faster than any roller . 
  in italian `` morto '' , which means `` dead '' . 
  thinking about it we have a whole bunch of smoker slang , probably because everyone smokes . 
  i did it once with an almost finished joint i found on the ground , not my proudest moment . 
  i love the smell !, 
  maybe i should get a functioning zippo , they look very cool . 
  nope, 
  wait you got an adjustable flame clipper with a warranty ? 
  what ? 
  just to get things straight are we talking about the cheap plastic bic substitute ? 
  the regular clippers never really give me any problems ( especially new ones ) , they are even more reliable than bics . 
  if they break there is no real solution , they are refillable but not a very high end product . 
  more expensive metal jet flame clippers to me feel like a sub par product for the money . 
  maybe the gas valve is clogged , try passing a small copper wire trough it . 
  i 'm not familiar with adjustable clippers , does it have a screw on the bottom ? 
  can you take it apart ? 
  yeah i 've seen one in the past , other than that i really see no other thing you could do other than opening it and trying to rotate the valve more than it 's supposed to . 
  i 've spent most of yesterdays morning trying to fix this damn cheap ass cigar lighter that had too little gas coming out , i ended up opening it , breaking/removing the flame adjusting lever and using a knife to rotate the valve to the point where it lights consistently . 
  put an / s on the end of your original comment , you 're being downvoted because of reddit inability to understand sarcasm, 
  i was very high and at some sort of concert , while standing in the crowd smoking i remembered about some old story about native americans smoking cigars by putting the lit end in their mouths and pulling . 
  i spent the next five minutes trying to put the lit end of my cigarette in my mouth , luckily i did not manage to do it and i did n't hurt myself , just looked dumb in the process . 
  at best, 
  not really , the only difference is how much tobacco you can fit in a cig , how easy it is to roll them and whether they are wrapped in paper or not, 
  are you paying $ 2 a cigarette ? 
  how do you even manage to do it ? 
  i do n't mean to sound `` braggy '' but i pay about 10 cents a cigarette with ryos . 
  i 'm simply sorry for anyone who has to pay so much, 
  i did the calculations a couple months ago : about 6 euros for 30gr of tobacco which end up making about 60 cigarettes so about 10 cents each , plus about 1 cent for every filter and about 1 cent for every paper . 
  so it adds up to 10 to 12 cents each cigarette depending on tobacco brands and a few other factors . 
  just to give you some context a normal factory made cigarette ends up costing about 25 cents where i live . 
  i had a fairly similar experience about a year ago . 
  i 'll just give you my two cents on the issue : it seems to me that you decided that you want to get better , that is very important . 
  quitting weed is a great first step , after that try to notice every small step you take into becoming a happier person . 
  the big change for me came with meditation , after that i started to constantly trying to improve myself and trying to get all the bad influences out of my life : bad friends , stress , sadness . 
  suddenly i was n't just passively living trying to get by , i was in control trying to change my life and doing a great job at it . 
  hope this can help you in any way . 
  r/pcmasterrace is leaking, 
  with a sharp kinfe and about 20 minutes of your time, 
  [ kind of like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlcfhtt6tr0 ), 
  yeah seriously dreads can be kept clean fairly easily . 
  also clipper lighters are very good so i do n't see any problem in using them regularly . 
  porta portese on sunday morning , probably your best bet to find anything .
