  wtf , i mean i enjoy menthol but ... why, 
  they are nice enough , you do n't taste it while smoking but when you lick the paper it feels like candy  worth trying imo, 
  and a free extra joint !, 
  wow, 
  nice pipe !, 
  how did you carve the bowl ? 
  and what wood is it ? 
  all the finger ? 
  4gr i 'd say . 
  that 's a lot of hash, 
  sound great !, 
  good choice of wood too . 
  have fun with it, 
  good stuff, 
  i wanted to paint my lighter with it , how do i find the europium stuff ? 
  great , thanks, 
  interesting , sadly it 's hard to know where the hash we smoke comes from or how it 's made . 
  anyways either i have small fingers or my hash is a lot lighter . 
  we get the dense stuff here too , it 's just a lot different and often it 's charas instead of hash, 
  i mean his life is probably better since he stole all that stuff and money ... 
  it 's kinda true , but no one smokes 20 joints a day , like many do with cigarettes , most people do n't even smoke a joint a week . 
  also cigarettes are legal while weed is not , so this is a very poor argument all around . 
  it sounds to me like they 're running out of arguments for prohibition and they are slowly but surely retreating to less absurd , weaker claims like this one . 
  i 've been to the colosseum more times than i can count , i still do n't recognize this . 
  where is it exactly ? 
  i guess i 'll try to give you an answer , or at least my 2 cents on the topic . 
  the idea of the antifa movement is not to create a political/military force , but to resist against the rise of nationalism and far right extremism . 
  after ww2 there have been various groups of people dedicated to doing this , trough various mostly non violent means . 
  the idea of keeping fascism from coming back is kind of a common theme in europe ( where the antifa movement is more prevalent ) : some country have laws put in place trying to stop `` fascist '' parties from existing ( of course it 's almost impossible to implement ) and there is kind of a constant effort in schools toeducate students to why fascist regimes where bad etc. 
  before i continue i 'd like to point out that the antifa movement is n't an organization : there are no antifa headquarters , there is no one giving orders , it 's just people who recognize themselves in the core values of antifascism . 
  those people are often involved in other political activities , and in europe everything is somehow related to politics , mixing antifa ideas with everything they do . 
  basically it 's a huge mess , there are n't any well defined lines to be drawn , i 'd love to take a couple pages to try and explain it better but this post is already getting long af . 
  99 % of what antifa activist do is non violent : writing/printing newspapers , organising protests , setting up volounteering for a bunch of things ( altough this may not be strictly connected to the antifa part of their activism ) , concerts , pretty much anything you can imagine ^ ^ partying ^ ^ too . 
  again it 's hard to tell wheter they are doing those things as a direct result of being part of the antifa movement , it would be better to admit that antifas are just normal activists who once in a blue moon get an antifa flag and go protesting against right wing extremists . 
  anyways the kind of person this starter pack is depicting is a protester in full `` riot gear '' : they tend to represent a small portion of protesters who will partake in the more violent part of the protest ( when the police decides to charge and all hell breaks loose ) . 
  it 's not a phoenomenon exclusive or even prevalent in the antifa movement : these types of people would be better defined as being part of the black block '' `` movement '' '' , which in itself would need to be expleined in more detail . 
  are all antifas this violent ? 
  is this what the antifa movement is about ? 
  not really . 
  how are they different from brown shirts ? 
  well firstly they are not trying to change who 's in power ( most would like to do so , but that 's their private bussiness ) but resisting the rise of right wing extremism ( which is very present in europe ) , secondly they are not organized in a group , thirdly they are ideologically different from brown shirts , and lastly they are not really a violent movement mostly , sometimes shit happens and some rocks get throw but no one is going full blow `` let 's go kill every right winger in town '' . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** the last paragraph sums it up , the rest is basically just fyi . 
  i tried giving an idea of how the whole left wing activist scene works but it 's nearly impossible in so little space . 
  i 'm kinda tired right now while typing this , if it all sounds like a mad man 's rambling tell me and i 'll try and sum it up a bit better tomorrow . 
  well to be fair i have no idea , i heard it on youtube and tought it was a great name :d, 
  i was gon na reply , but it looks like this thread got its fill of political circlejerking for the day . 
  ahaha i just watched the scene and it says bigmclargehuge , i guess that 's where my name is from, 
  i roll my own cigarettes and pay 11 cents each , i do n't think twice about lending my tobacco to someone . 
  just reading about 1 $ cigarettes makes me sick, 
  yeah seriously , why is it always that the anonymous wannebees end up in these videos , it 's hard to look at, 
  what 's it from ? 
  thanks, 
  my zippos never work when i need them , one time i had lost my lighter and went 4 days using a zippo : it was like trying to light a cigarette by rubbing sticks together , i was so desperate i started using matches . 
  i used to have a permanent match and the fuel on these lasts for weeks , but you need two hands to operate them and the flame is way too big . 
  the thunderbird insert is a great idea , thanks for reminding me of it , i might get one . 
  zippo coolness + torch lighter ease of use = better than any clipper . 
  it 's basically a metal box filled with lighter fluid and a small metal cylinder with a wick and a small piece of steel which you strike against a flint on the side of the whole contraption . 
  it does n't work well in the wind , it does n't work so well in normal conditions either , still easier to use than matches because you can try over and over if you fail . 
  but it 's cool looking , it gives you something to play with when you are bored and the fuel lasts forever if you do n't use it , it does n't leak like regular zippos . 
  not an expert , i live in another part of the world so my experience may be a bit different . 
  imo they taste a lot stronger , i believe it 's because they use a different tobacco mix , maybe halfzware . 
  they are not as strong in regards to flavor as a cigar and you can actually inhale the smoke ( they are filtered ) , but they are also stronger than a cigarette and if you smoke for the flavor then you might like them . 
  i love them . 
  what 's the black and white logo on the bottom right corner ? 
  no amount of vitamins will make you lose weight, 
  ok , whatever works for you . 
  i do n't have any personal experience in weight loss . 
  to expand on the joint part : in europe where hash is more common it is mostly heated , crumbled , mixed with tobacco and smoked . 
  i 've only been smoking bud lately and i 'm really starting to miss some good hash . 
  i 'm glad it 's so easily available where i live , 
  to each their own . 
  i personally find that tobacco tastes as good as weed , it 's just very different . 
  it 's pretty good actually . 
  the trick is how much pressure you put on the filter . 
  you can also choose different papers depending on how wet your tobacco is and how quickly you want it to burn, 
  i think he meant `` not good for your diet '' , iirc they are kinda loaded with sugar , delicious apple sugar, 
  practice is the key . 
  it 's so easy once you 've leart sometimes i 'll just roll one and not even smoke it just because i want something to do with my hands, 
  a friend of mine pressed the wrong number on a dispenser and got black devil pink cigarettes , the whole thing is pink and vanilla flavoured ( i think , could n't taste it very well ) . 
  they were actually good . 
  are the marlboro leaf you mentioned cigarillos ? 
  because i 've had those but never saw the bright leaf ones . 
  oh nice , here we have marlboro leaf , regular cigarettes wrapped in tobacco leaf ( in other words cheap cigarillos ), 
  the beauty of kenm is that after trolling for a couple comments he often ends the thread by making a self concious joke that basically tells the reader he was subtly trolling everyone the entire time . 
  this is the part of the year where people with bad grades are locked inside studying while chainsmoking and all others are doing nothing and smoking all day . 
  i think my blood is 40 % thc and the rest nicotine . 
  also :, 
  how did the drug test go ? 
  good , they found some blood in my thc, 
  thc is soluble in alcohol iirc , so if your drink had a high enough alcohol content it may have disolved some, 
  thc is soluble in alcohol iirc , so if your drink had a high enough alcohol content it may have disolved some, 
  halfzwares are good , do you have any issues with smoking such a strong tobacco regularly ? 
  anyways good job on those rolling skills , i can even see that you reversed the glue , you do n't often see such craftsmanship on this sub . 
  ( also those are n't regular sized papers are they ? ), 
  that 's good to hear . 
  on the internet you never get to see the bright side of this type of things . 
  i was getting sad reading about regulations and how smoking is becoming less socially acceptable . 
  then i remembered that in real life no one gives a shit and they are more likely to ask for a cig than ask you to stop smoking next to them . 
  welcome to the ryo army, 
  ahahaha i always wanted to buy black market tobacco but i think here they only sell the cigarettes .
