  but keep an eye on your wallet and possesions, 
  also they have cool designs/drawings on them, 
  you know they make papers out of all sorts of stuff right ? 
  hemp , flax , rice and more . 
  italian here . 
  we 've got marlboros , chesterfields , camels and all that regular stuff , we also have gaulouises and if you manage to find them chiaravalle ( made in italy ) . 
  5-5 .50 a pack, 
  i think our selection of ryos is much better : golden virginia , old holborn , no name ( yes it 's called `` no name '' , `` senza nome '' ) , they are all fairly good . 
  if you want any suggestions just ask , 
  hemp fiber is not made from the flowers and does not contain any psychoactive substances if that 's what you are talking about . 
  never seen them . 
  if you are willing to switch to ryo while in italy i feel like our selection of loose tobacco is way better . 
  pretty much this , practice makes perfect . 
  i always believed that anyone could learn to roll with a bit of practice , but i 've since met a guy who reeeeeally ca n't do it no matter how much he tries , so if op is really that bad at it he could consider going for a roller , it 's not as good as using your hands but it 's better than nothing . 
  that greasy hair is so accurate, 
  hey wait where do i find that sword ? 
  so it 's just random loot ? 
  i guess it 's level based because 69 damage is a lot , i 'm currently using the mace of molag bal that does 16 ( + magic ) and i feel almost op, 
  let me guess : go to a ruin and fight draugrs basically ? 
  i mean i freed the guy from a bunch of bandits , in exchange i sold his soul to molag bal , that 's a fair trade right ? 
  how do you even get hair to look like that ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious, 
  yeah seriously i tought this was r/trees [ 4 ], 
  generally the shorter papers made for cigarettes and not joints cost a lot less : 0.50 a pack where i live . 
  an ounce of tobacco ( 21 grams right ? ), 
  will get you 40/50 cigarettes using extra slim filters . 
  edit : 28 grams , still not more than 60 cigarettes, 
  just like swishers are made for cigar lovers and bongs are for tobacco use only . 
  it 's reddit , the stigma is not quite as bad here, 
  my friend 's family had a dog leash covered in marijuana leaves and jamaican flags , they were all clueless , including my friend . 
  in all fairness many ents browse reddit while high , it 's not easy to create a perfect title while barely being able to type . 
  no need to think about it too much . 
  til they can make 6.9 % vodka . 
  like wtf is it literally watered down vodka ? 
  fair enough . 
  that looks absolutely ridicolous but it 's actually very comfortable . 
  thanks, 
  no , it 's all in your imagination, 
  boof it, 
  happened to me yesterday haha, 
  i smoked half a pack in 10 minutes to ward off the stress hahaha, 
  it 's not fun hahaha, 
  plz help, 
  i recently found some contraband marlboro packages with no warning on them , i think they came from somewhere in north africa, 
  i do n't have a source but it 's a pretty commonly known fact and i 've read a couple psas warning parents to keep cigarettes away from toddlers for this reason . 
  apparently 2 eating cigarettes is enough to kill a grown adult and even just a bite can make a kid very sick . 
  getting sick or having a headache from smoking too much is a fairly common occourence amongst smokers , especially if you are an occasional smoker and have not built up a tolerance to nicotine . 
  taking high doses of nicotine is not fun . 
  how did you feel afterwards ? 
  more like praising it for its writing style, 
  i tried camel activate , are those similar ? 
  do they have a menthol capsule in the filter ? 
  i tried camel activate , are those similar ? 
  do they have a menthol capsule in the filter ? 
  so you got gifted a roll of scotch tape , i can only imagine your reaction . 
  seriously what was your grandma thinking ? 
  it 's not even about the money , there are more toughtful gifts you can make for the same price , it just sounds like she grabbed the first thing she saw in the store and said fuck it that 's good enough, 
  i 'd love to join but my computer is being repaired . 
  if you end up creating this i 'll join when i get my computer back, 
  as far as possible from the rest of the tourists . 
  if you walk a couple kilometers ( or less ) away from the main tourist attractions you can usually find a place that is cheaper and better than what you would get for example at campo dei fiori . 
  look for places where the menu does not have an english translation , the prices are a few euros cheaper and there are not as many tourists eating . 
  these are the best clues to look for when finding a placeto eat, 
  sort of , it 's sill in the center of the city but it 's far enough from the main attractions . 
  if you 're visiting the colosseum you could eat in the area sorrounding piazza cavour , as far as i remember there are some pretty good places over there . 
  did you use any paint on the bowl ? 
  i 'm sort of knew to pipemaking and was wondering what type of paint would be best, 
  great thanks, 
  if you have a knife and a piece of wood you could build a pipe in like 10 minutes, 
  these old systems can have some trouble working sometimes but i think they look much better than the modern ones , they are just more stylish, 
  for 15 dollars it 's a bargain, 
  sincerely i only drink alcohol to get drunk because i do n't really enjoy the taste of it , so in many situations i prefer water . 
  but yeah i assume anyone that refuses to drink or smoke based on morals to be boring , which is kinda sad tbh , i do n't even do it consciously . 
  my chillum , pretty much the only way i smoke weed now . 
  it 's a pretty rare item and it 's just so much better than any other pipe i 've ever tried, 
  man you got your hands on some really really bad hash if it smells like rubber, 
  man you got your hands on some really really bad hash if it smells like rubber, 
  4mg of nicotine is a lot , as much as 4-5 strong cigarettes , nicotine addiction takes time to develope but you were taking a lot, 
  do you know whether its virginia , burley or kentucky ? 
  there are many subspecies . 
  you are right , very low quality hash is notoriously cut with various materials ( often also small quantities of other drugs , and no this is not a myth i 've seen it happen ) , plastic is not very common as a cutting agent ( it 's simply not very easy to disguise it , using sand or plant material is much cheaper , easier and gives better results ) but 100g slabs of good quality hash are often wrapped in plastic ( not ceran wrap ) for storage , when unpacking the bricks this plastic tends to break and chip , some pieces always end up sticking to the hash ( especially on the corners ) . 
  if you 're buying at least mid quality hash and you find plastic in it 99 % of the time it 's due to this . 
  i think i saw them live !, 
  italian punk will never die, 
  i recently found this subreddit and i was looking at old weekly challenges , i loved [ this one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/harmonica/comments/37cxep/weekly_challenge_5252015_irish_reels/ ) especially the intermediate song . 
  i looked around the internet for something similar but i am struggling a bit . 
  could anyone suggest some irish reels or any other fast paced happy tune like the one in the weekly challenge ? 
  with tabs available if possible . 
  edit : thanks for the great tunes you suggested, 
  this morning i realized that i had concentrated too much on a single song and decided to find another one to play . 
  i could n't find anything and so i thought i 'd ask you guys . 
  so i 'm curious : what have you been playing recently ? 
  hi everybody !, 
  welcome to this new weekly challenge !, 
  as always there will be something for everyone from beginner to advanced so let 's not wait any longer and start with today 's challenges . 
  ** beginner **, 
  this song 's name is `` easy '' and it happens to be fairly easy to play . 
  it sounds better when using hand effects especially on longer notes . 
  it is supposed to work in every key , a c harmonica works great with it . 
  here 's the tabs :,
