  put a translation in the comments . 
  no tainting for those who speak it . 
  which it seems was abused , making them over courageous resulting in the current mess . 
  it is somewhat normal here for students who are still required to follow school to be checked up on if they are absent for an extended period of time . 
  and train it :p, 
  fries , as in patatten, 
  instead i chose classical greek . 
  passed the finals with a 4.1 ... talk about a close race . 
  i guess they just moved it . 
  limburg is now part of the randstad . 
  they will finally get the money and attention they wanted !, 
  what about the accent though ... 
  we had overijssel , now we will have onderijssel as well !, 
  here i am , passing high-school because german was n't required . 
  that 's shame , first time i make that mistake ... damn dutsch, 
  what is ? 
  my nationality ? 
  i am dutch . 
  but both are valid nationalities , just in a different language . 
  wrote this out for an american friend one time :  in english :   - dutch in the netherlands  - german in germany   in dutch :   - nederlands in nederland  - duits in duitsland   in german :   - niederl\u00e4ndische sprache in den niederlanden  - deutche sprache in deutchland edit : german was n't my lowest mark . 
  that would 've been french ... 
  i saw nl and be tagged together as ` farms ' and ` friend fries ' . 
  or ` pot ' and ` fries ' respectively . 
  i 've had americans confuse both dutch/deutsch and dutch/danish . 
  the former usually by saying i am and speak deutsch . 
  edit : woops, 
  wth happened there . 
  the netherlands lost an entire province . 
  you 're literally one of the few against in in the thread . 
  to the point i seriously think the majority of the subreddit would be . 
  a neutral voting modpost would be better of course . 
  on a different note , the amount of replies you put in the topic kind of overshadows anyone else who responds against vote hiding . 
  it looks like you are the only one against it this way . 
  why are you so aggressively against it ? 
  every so single comment about at least trying it out , you come in and mention it is ridiculous to think so for one reason for another . 
  i would prefer it to just be tested , and then have a poll of sorts . 
  instead of shooting it down before trying it here . 
  you can influence it in a way which hopefully promotes discussion and discourages voting purely on opposing opinion . 
  that is something i notice a lot with english dubs . 
  it might be to allow people to hear the voice , so they can recognize it . 
  that looks very much blonde . 
  i 'm not sure why you would think it is not . 
  the dark shaded parts ? 
  blonde can be pretty damn dark , it is n't always snow-white . 
  i think it partially is because of a greater amount of elderly getting bikes , who generally want quality and luxury , and on the other hand everyone having a bike already , so any second bike is a luxury tour bike or expensive sports bike . 
  people saying they are equal ... 
  i use both professionally ( webdev ) , and chrome is far superior for that . 
  chrome has bloated a bit lately , where firefox actually strongly trimmed down on memory use . 
  so there they equal out , if not in favor for firefox . 
  everyone is being busy being outside :p, 
  i do n't share that love , and to be honest , the country does n't feel any emptier in the summer . 
  if any , it feels busier , everyone is outside . 
  but i do get the stereotype , there is truth in it , and i 've heard it before . 
  he 's saying the entire country temporarily migrated to southern beaches . 
  you 're not going to improve by hiding the bad bits . 
  you 're not going to make everyone vote by only showing them the good parts . 
  i do n't know whether the video was well balanced , but it did n't bother me . 
  the freedom looks fake . 
  and made in china . 
  i. ... found them in the shop a few days ago . 
  had a bank account . 
  registered , got two verification payments . 
  two days later and it was linked . 
  could n't be easier . 
  i 've been to the schwarzwald myself several times ( and ardennes , but that is be ) . 
  it indeed is very different . 
  paying a visit to a friend in sheffield next week , to tour part of the peak district by bike . 
  any things i should n't forget as a dutch guy in the uk ? 
  try visiting an area not in and around the randstad . 
  especially the veluwe and some areas in the south . 
  there are [ plenty ] ( https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-uz4jvjct-ga/uhzpeiybc_i/aaaaaaaam9a/pxu5fwom0as/w2000-h2000-no/imag1361.jpg ) of [ areas ] ( https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-k73qwgvh-8i/uhzpvnuudui/aaaaaaaam-k/umiqwp9l1s0/w2000-h2000-no/imag1371.jpg ) which do n't look that cultivated ( are are much less cultivated ) . 
  but in general , i agree . 
  compared to the amount of trains going about every day the chance of something happening is negligible . 
  pretty sure more relatively more cars end up in a crash every day . 
  except for the record temperatures 2 months ago . 
  that 's simply false . 
  it is your problem , otherwise you 're just wasting your words . 
  i understand what you 're trying to convey , however the way you 're doing it is pointless , and as you noticed , does n't convince anyone . 
  did you just compare a football club and it 's supporters to the kkk ? 
  let me mark you as troll . 
   there 's a place for everything , ... 
  did you intentionally link to the same image twice ? 
  was about to say , the pics match what i encountered in the uk . 
  that said , the uk does have some super shiny nice cyclepaths . 
  according to the screenshot it 's for troms\u00f8 . 
  last time i checked there is a thalys line going to amsterdam . 
  i think he 's not trying to voice his own opinion , but rather what he sees and hears from others . 
  afaik it 's generally the other way around . 
  as society gets more developed , religion becomes less important and more people lose their faith . 
  it probably reinforces itself , but i think the chicken/egg situation is skewed towards development-first . 
  it 's a stupid comparison anyway , sarcastic or not : /, 
  we 're also humans who are rather easily influenced , if not just in mood . 
  i rather have mods remove the shit , than me having to filter it myself in every thread and getting annoyed . 
  which in turn results in annoyed replies . 
  mods * can * influence the mood of a discussion positively when the absolute cruft is removed . 
  now what is shit and what is n't , that is a different discussion . 
  more ... substantial fact-based suggestions . 
  examples , etc. 
  i 've done it in the past outside of easter . 
  not too/bottom though , just smashing the sides .
