  generally when looking at laptops online , you see the price without taxes . 
  not with taxes from * random american state * . 
  right . 
  the issue at hand was european prices though . 
  where ? 
  here it 's 21 % . 
  $ 200 is kinda what the tax is on a $ 1000 laptop . 
  you need to be more specific . 
  only one i remember having bikes everywhere . 
  uh gross . 
  we usually have a pack of uht milk in case we accidentally run out of non-uht milk , but we rather not . 
  non-uht is everywhere here . 
  oh that 's such a common client , does it not have it ? 
  weird . 
  should be on by default . 
  fix your client :p decent amount of clients show flair text nowadays . 
  welcome to the dutch bible belt . 
  from our naval history : `` de beste stuurlui staan aan wal '' english : `` the best helmsmen stand on the shore '', 
  from what i 've gathered it 's important to be consistent with who speaks what language . 
  it lessens the possibility of kids mixing up some language parts . 
  sure . 
  while i dont think the campaigning itself was very clean and factual ( from any side ) , the process itself was as far as i gathered as democratic as any referendum is . 
  the same way that people from some county in the uk might not agree with a national law . 
  it 's still democratic , it 's just that you 're not the majority and thus might get things you do n't like at times . 
  it seems that for some reason expect their own country to have some golden vote in every thing , forgetting that every country is just a small part of the whole . 
   a few years back i had a chance to visit utrecht ... and it really is a very pretty city . 
   they 're trying to get more tourist to utrecht , and less to amsterdam , as the latter is extremely overcrowded during the tourist season , and utrecht is excellent as well . 
   it 's still inferior you 're stating opinion as a fact . 
  it 's extremely dependent on what someone is comfortable with , and what kind of holiday you want . 
  it did n't help albert heijn started a price war , which they were able to handle , however konmar was n't able to keep up with their then financial troubles . 
   best-tasting tap water in europe that 's so extremely local . 
  it all depends on the local water sources . 
  but is n't really the fuse thing not really a part of the socket as much as it could be easily fitted with a schucko socket . 
  is n't it just about whether the fuses are next to the socket or in a fuse box . 
  if you 're shopping , there 's usually a trashcan nearby . 
  mostly inside wherever you 're shopping . 
  you have n't seen what some people are able to ... 
   you just asked what are the big no-no 's then when told one you say `` nah , no thanks ''  some of his comments have been a bit ironic in the context of his topic title :p, 
  i can easily spend 10 days in the average big city . 
  i hate city hopping . 
  often what you bring with you , you can take back with you . 
  what is a child of a parent who is not a child ? 
  besides obviously adults , who are children of parents because that 's how we 're born . 
  i 'm confused what you mean with that distinction . 
  it 's pretty normal here that somewhere around christmas the newpaper guys visit for tips . 
  obviously only the ones who deliver your papers . 
  is traffic jam what people turn into in case of a nasty crash ? 
  it 's authentic ... in a way . 
  definitely not historical authentic . 
  hostels work well , they often organize meetings and stuff as well . 
  i mean , draft can make you get a stuffed up nose etc. 
  but not an actual cold . 
  nope , but there 's a good chance you can find some there . 
  i luckily have some reference point , and there 's one spot which serves pretty damn good stuff . 
  more texmex than mex , but definitely close to authentic . 
  there 's some gems around , though . 
  the trick is finding those . . 
  we tend to be fairly christian culturally , but not religiously . 
  if that makes any sense . 
  that 's not possible . 
  what is possible is that they , before they become mentally incapable , to sign a declaration which states they request euthanasia once they 're in a certain state . 
  it 's complicated matter and because if that fairly rare , but it does happen for e.g. 
  i stand corrected , i recall reading some specifics , but it might 've been something so specific it does n't apply to what i said . 
    tuition cost for eu citizens vs residents ? 
   eu citizens ~ 1700 $ per year is n't tuition cost always the same for residents and eu citizens alike , due to the eu laws ? 
  of course that 's besides student loans etc. 
  i found a place with pretty good tex-mex nearby , but it 's not a chain sadly . 
  and not cheap . 
  not expensive , but not cheap either , unlike some tex-mex i had in the us . 
   in the netherlands public transport is free for students it 's effectively a conditional grant , the condition being that you have to graduate in within 10 years . 
  i rate this post 0 . 
  or -1 maybe . 
  what 's the purpose ? 
  spurring hate ? 
  a week ahead it 's pretty determined what the temperature will be , however rain and stuff is more unpredictable . 
  the weather is a bit strange lately , depending on the week it can be 25c or 10c in amsterdam . 
  yup , we have that . 
  mostly a kids thing . 
  should 've tried the german-based shops lidl and aldi . 
  they tend to have a different selection , whereas ah and jumbo are basically the same . 
  i 've had stuff similar to honey nut cheerios . 
  what stores have you been too ? 
  some have a vastly wider selection than others . 
  while it 's the same thing , that 's a coincidence . 
  outside of the eurostart and the netherlands , there 's no guarantees . 
  even in nl it 's inconsistent , as the scanners only exist to open the gates . 
  in stations without gates you just talk onto the train , where a guard might check the qr code . 
  unrelated : i 've flown 5 times in the us using only a qr code on my phone ( and my passport ) . 
  no boarding pass etc needed . 
  we 're very much into playing it safe . 
  overal high amount of savings , high amounts of insurance . 
  i personally prefer a low monthly fee over unexpected expenses . 
  it 's worked out for me so far , spilled tea over a laptop and it 's fully covered . 
  saving me $ 1500 for $ 2/month, 
  that said , the last detail depends on the country . 
  in the netherlands the transit system is pretty much the same everywhere , except some also have streetcars and subways . 
  `` farmers markets '' are getting increasingly popular in the us . 
  that said , it 's 3/4th hip ( ster ) and uptown , nothing like real markets . 
  even most official map apps have offline maps , and some even have offline navigation . 
  i spent 4 weeks visiting 4 us states and it still felt too short .
