  this winter has been strange in europe . 
  in the netherlands only a small area had a bit of snow . 
  on the flip side , best spring in a long while . 
  i see . 
  i guess your best throw is to look around at the visa requirements for each country , and add your skills in the first post . 
  why would n't you find it there ? 
  the grass is n't necessarily greener on the other side . 
  the us is a diverse country , and moving in the country itself is much easier . 
  you sound rather desperate , but you need to tell more about yourself and your motivation to migrate before we can be any help . 
  i would n't say tactless . 
  tactless is generally if it involves an emotional situation ( losing someone , etc ) , but this is more about not trying to offend the other side . 
  the phone situation is being worked on by the eu , but is currently still in the terrible state where roaming-costs are trough the roof . 
  the joke was lost in translation :p, 
  it 's a well known stereotype , not just on reddit or the internet even . 
  i do n't think you were rude , that part was more of a generalization of direct/rude, 
  yeap , but i 'm also familiar with the internet . 
  but it seems to work out for you  being direct does n't necessarily mean being rude or strong-worded though . 
  i have to say , to some of those points one or more european countries are guilty of as well . 
  though we do n't tend to tout superiority as loud . 
  you word it strongly , but i am inclined to agree with all of your points to some extend . 
  there is a chance , especially in amsterdam . 
  especially if you have those bikes with quick release wheels . 
  there 's also a smaller pool to select from . 
  oh , forgot about that line . 
  i come from arnhem , i take the long route . 
  it is funny that you mention groningen to amsterdam . 
  that is probably one of the worst trips to take by train , compared to car . 
  time wise that is . 
  it 's a mix of public transportation and bikes . 
  up to 10km a bike works fine , 20km sometimes . 
  otherwise a mix of train and bus . 
  i 'm 21 , and do n't have a license . 
  it 's only a problem if i need to transport large objects or a bunch of kids ( scout leader ) . 
  but personally i can get around fine . 
  it helps that public transportation is mostly free while being a student . 
  for now , they 're working on getting rid of that ... 
  having been to ( european ) cities myself for various lengths ... 
  the first two , three days are spent with the big bangs . 
  famous museums etc. 
  after that you know the map pretty well , and you start looking for `` local '' things . 
  then another two or three days and you consider yourself familiar . 
  at least , roughly . 
  there 's tons of things still left to do . 
  but i 've noticed , that after these six days , it feels more generic . 
  if you fell in love with the town , you surely want to visit that . 
  otherwise , it 's time to move on to a different city . 
  looking back , it sounds a bit like an inconsistent ramble . 
  but this is my experience visiting cities . 
  amsterdam is * the * city for tourists . 
  not to say others are n't , but amsterdam is magnitudes more . 
  especially for international . 
  `` single-person melting-pot '' or `` mongrel '' :p, 
  on / r/europe you can add a text to clarify ... would be useful here . 
  the middle way here . 
  also , your flair ? ... 
  did you move ? 
  your name kinda fits your length . 
  there are plenty of aspects of germany we could only dream of . 
  the grass is always greener ... 
  btw , it helps if you add your country as flair . 
  not an answer , but this would be a nice format for a weekly . 
  if you travel to travel , a train is much more enjoyable . 
  you get to relax , look outside , walk around , seats are more spacious . 
  a few weeks ago i went from the netherlands to berlin by train , and it 's just nice . 
  you arrive relaxed , in the middle of the city , ready to walk around . 
  if it is business , train is still more relaxed . 
  i 'm very sorry , but this is askeurope ... not that i do n't like everyone 's input , but for vegemite i would go to askreddit . 
  it is enough to visit germany and belgium as well . 
  just hop on the train ( with a ticket ), 
  you can however ask questions without requiring a comparison . 
  which , though harder to relate to , might be even more educational . 
  and btw , there is an us-userflair, 
  i feel the same , but on the other hand , this subreddit is the place for these comparisons . 
  i feel europeans are more familiar with the us than the other way around . 
  and less questions like these do not cause more questions about just europe . 
  there was some misunderstanding , since i interpreted you as saying it should be a standard . 
  i assumed europe as a context of your comment , i see your point now . 
  edit : i did n't vote you down btw , since i saw and see no reason for that . 
  i do n't like people downvoting for simply disagreeing . 
  but it is not set as a standard ? 
  only in the us , but not in europe . 
  rather , a bag-packer might be seen as disrespectful , considering the customer too stupid to pack their own bags . 
  it 's all a matter of culture . 
  you can still steal ... and where is my foot washer . 
  eh , what i mean , when is a service sub-par ? 
  does lack of a * bag-packer * really mean they do n't care about you ? 
  water closet is often abbreviate to wc . 
  one of the public secrets . 
  completely agree . 
  it was the first word i thought of upon seeing the topic . 
  it might describe one of our core values . 
  r/europe has it . 
  does it work differently here ? 
  unless they actually said that , it would feel even worse . 
  a letter of recommendation is a nice thing though . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  we rather just call each other by our first name , that 's what you got it for . 
  the former , yeah , the latter ... 
  i wish . 
  grants are not unique for europe though , and only for a minority of the students .
