i think he tries to put forward a different analogy , though i would put forward another change in your analogy : the little shop adopts the franchise ( rather than being bought out ) . 
  yeah you 're probably right . 
  you make it sound like you 're expecting europeans to vote up content based on what they think is interesting for americans ? 
  that 's all i can make of it , or is n't that what you meant ? 
   +3120 ftfy, 
  here , have some piss . 
  you even made a statue , manneken pis . 
  i recall seeing some documentary on it , that it was funded with eu money but now they need toll to be able to keep it up . 
  and damn you 're good at hiding them . 
  have any belgians found them yet ? 
   equal use does not equal identical repair schedules . 
  just a note on that very sentence and the pic . 
  regardless of schedule , the dutch never let a road deteriorate like that . 
  that 's just sloppy maintenance . 
  minimum turnout for referendi to be valid are very common , though it 's often something like 30 % . 
  my upper-midrange laptop has a max use of 130w . 
  it 'll do fine with 100w as long as i 'm not playing games etc. 
  and the newest gpu 's from nvidia are amazing in that they increased power while decreasing consumption rather significantly . 
  for most shops , not accepting debit here would decimate your sales . 
  which is good for me , as a customer :p, 
  as far as i am aware debit and credit cards are just dictionary words , where a debit card works with debit , and takes it directly from your bank , and credit creates a ( short-term ) loan . 
  what companies and mechanics are attached are irrelevant . 
  the dutch pin system ( pin-pas or pin-card ) is a debit system . 
  maestro is a debit system . 
  visa and mastercard are a credit system . 
  and there 's the third , where you charge your card with some money and use that as an e-wallet . 
  just a small note , girocard is a debit card as far as i am aware . 
  it 's ( generally ) always either a credit or debit card . 
   well , here that 's only in theory : most small shops only accept a debit card for amounts over like 20 $ . 
  the centralized multibanco fees become quite heavy for small transactions . 
  weird , they must 've lowered the fees here . 
  after a big national campaign you can use debit card here now practically everywhere . 
  i 've often used it for amounts as low as $ 1 . 
  i 'm mostly cash-free . 
  sitting in jail is the punishment . 
  needlessly suffering from some mental illness he ( supposedly ) has is n't part of that . 
  nobody is arguing to let him out of prison . 
  out of sheer curiosity , to what extend is ( modern ) cycling treated in whatever education you had ? 
  last few years their redoing all tracks and the majority of train stations . 
  bunch of tracks are perfectly smooth now . 
  they minimized switches and have continuously welded tracks , or whatever they are called . 
  the link related , as far as i quickly could see , it is a page collecting data about people . 
  i 'm leaving it to the admins to decide if it crosses the line . 
  i was just arguing that a cause ( the war you mentioned ) does not implicitly allow you to break the rules . 
  was n't really judging the link itself . 
  which you then made me do , but i responded that i find it hard to judge . 
  again , report in case of suspicions , the admins 'll judge whether it breaks the rules . 
  you 're linking a picture , i ca n't judge how much personal information is shared in that dossier . 
  imo it does n't matter what side someone is on , rules are rules . 
  do n't put words in my mouth that i judge differently for that case . 
  that does not allow one to break reddit 's rules . 
  send a message [ to / r/reddit . com ] ( http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2freddit.com ), 
  please do n't start a subreddit war . 
  which afaik is also against the rules as well . 
  report to the admins and move on , and keep it to the srd-like subreddits . 
  words from a tabloid i see . 
  that said , if a picture is worth more than a thousand words , why the suggestive ( and irrelevant ) title ? 
  that should n't be necessary , should it ? 
  what would your thousand words be ? 
  late to the party ... our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  american ( standard ) 2 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 3 . 
  canadian our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  english 2 . 
  norwegian 3 . 
  swedish, 
  the wikimedia project tries to document everything , it 's always worth scrolling down , 
  description :  the flags outside central plaza flew at half-mast , mourning the victims of the sichuan earthquake . 
  saudi arabia 's national flag is exempted . 
  i 'm not too worried about some redditors harassing armed rebels . 
  i 've never heard anyone around me who had this happen to him . 
  and have n't heard it happening at all since a while after it was discovered . 
  any references to it happening recently ? 
  they technically take the $ 20 the moment you check in , and correct this number when you check out . 
  that 's part of the technical reason for the requirement . 
  lol documentary . 
  it was a 4shits & giggles movie , but i should definitely watch it and pretend it 's a documentary . 
  as far as i am aware the us is n't part of europe . 
  what they is saying is that weaving in and out of the inner lane is not relaxed . 
  outer lane is too slow ( trucks ) , the inner lane has cars whooshing by . 
  i 'm pretty sure they were * lost * indeed , to end up in australia . 
  they 're not very complex or difficult to make . 
  if they follow recipe they should be pretty similar to normal ones here . 
  oh ... sounds great actually . . 
  i should try that . 
  is it actually called poffertjes ? 
  that it looks criminally tasty , though i suspect that random pie places around here might have similar things . 
  but it is n't a well known thing . 
  it shows the [ textual flair ] ( http://i.imgur.com/98xtwj4.png ) . 
  which works out in this sub . 
  i think recent ones show flair . 
  ca n't really suggest an alternative , i 'm content with reddit is fun , but that 's for android . 
  some clients show flair . 
  what are you using ? 
  thanks for the views . 
  it 's fun and educational to see someone 's else 's perspective on words and the world . 
  an optimist sees possibilities for change . 
  i 've never seen an optimist being defined as someone who is content with the world . 
  instead , it is something who sees it can be better , and is positive it is possible . 
  nor does being a pessimist , does it ?
