  just visit your profile page while logged out . 
  bit ironic you [ use chuck norris ] ( http://www.amazon.com/black-belt-patriotism-reawaken-america/dp/0805464360 ) :p, 
  emotionally involved ? 
  in what way ... ? 
  if with my emotions you mean annoyance at someone trying to cause a fire , sure . 
  what does my nationality have to do with it ? 
  it bothers me that you write a commend which is made just to piss people off . 
  if you were to actually share your opinion , you would 've said something like :  i hate balkan food . 
   i think it 's greasy , it 's overcooked and gives me heartburn every time i eat it . 
  see , it 's not very hard . 
  i probably neither , but this was n't necessary :  flame suit is on . 
  i 'm ready for downvotes from balkan tribes . 
   flame suit is on . 
  i 'm ready for downvotes from balkan tribes . 
  that was not part of the observation , that 's provoking . 
  that 's what bothered me . 
  what is the point of your comment ? 
  ( that 's a rhetorical question ) . 
   true , but when a corporation screws up , then you are probably not the only victim , so one can probably stage a class-action suit . 
   you 're right with class-action , but that 's still kind of a gamble . 
  and still an investment from some party . 
  neither system if perfect , i just feel that having to sue is less fair to large groups of people . 
   at least in the usa you can sue for absurd amounts of money so corporations are incentivised to at least do the minimum to ensure safety . 
   it also costs absurd amounts of money to sue , the average person will never have the capacity . 
  does n't that entirely depend on how the structure is of their broadcasting organization and government ? 
  regardless , they shut out tvr , who , afaik , is also responsible for their participation , so they would 've been shut out of eurovision anyway , regardless of who had to pay . 
  oh , right , yeah . 
  but imo it 's not very relevant to the post . 
   the lads at eurovision seem to completely fail to understand what eurovision means for people from behind the former iron curtain . 
  but does n't that work the same way for the romanian government ? 
  as it 's written , it 's not out of the blue , and been an ongoing issue for a while . 
  the government ca n't just play the `` but the people '' card to avoid paying . 
  afaik , it 's a bit stronger than `` advisory '' . 
  the result can require the government to re-evaluate the case , rather than go with the current decision . 
  i do n't disagree that the jail times are short , but i agree with / u/kteof that simply `` they need ( more ) jail time '' is n't a good reason to put people in jail . 
  but imo that 's a different discussion from why the specific cases yielded such short jail times . 
  you 're missing his point entirely ... 
  it says it in the top right too , but it 's a bit obscure . 
  the eu is built on top of mutual compromises . 
  which results in a mess . 
  while we do n't have any price hiking , we do have non-peak-hour limits on our 40 % - off subscriptions , which is pretty effective at getting regulars to off-peak hours . 
  ah , ok , just curious . 
  what is that white stuff ? 
  i might just be lacking imagination , but most methods to accomplish this are more likely to cause come rather than people leaving . 
  if anything , both . 
  are you describing first-past-the-post ? 
  like in the us the representative system is done per state ? 
  acm is not the court though . 
  and it was politics which got us stricter net neutrality . 
  fair enough , that 's true . 
  it appears it ends up being the local relevant authority , which in the netherlands is the acm . 
  i honestly have no idea how much influence politics respectively companies have on them . 
  in case there was supposed more direct democracy , and your country voted one party and the rest another , you would 've had the same result ? 
  yeah , there is less control , but directer democracy is not going to magically give a small percentage of voters majority voting power . 
  well , according to the article ...  `` the proposal generally allows zero-rating and gives regulators very limited ability to police it , leaving users and companies without protection against all but the most egregious cases . '', 
  it 's not just too vague , it should n't be up to isp 's at all to decide what are specialized services . 
   the better vpn services will have many locations around the world so you simply find which one has a better ping , then you should n't have a problem . 
  in the end , if you want an american vpn , you need an american vpn . 
   vpn  proxy meh , different tool for a different task , i use proxies for various things , since vpn 's are overkill for me and the proxies are easy to set up using vps 's i manage . 
  for netflix , either will do the job , but also for either your remark to avoid free ones is true . 
  i 'm hesitant to share more since i 'll most likely go back . 
  yeah , mostly . 
  a northern park . 
  also , it 's / r/murica , 
  did n't do a sport , rather part of the staff running trips into the `` wild '' , as we were in the middle of a state park . 
  not sure why i added la , meant san francisco of course , edited out before your comment anwyay :p it was fun , the guy i went with was a cardinals fan , and the cardinals won with a shutout . 
  but damn , those garlic fries are expensive . 
  spent 3 months in the us this summer , of which 2 months on a sports summer camp . 
  i got the drill of most the sports  topped it off with a visit to the ( mlb ) giants ( vs cardinals ) with someone i met . 
  `` attempts '' . 
  they get 4 attempts ( each resuming where the last one ended ) to advance the ball to the next 10-yard area . 
  if it fails , the other team gets to do the same , in the other direction , and so on . 
  that is a practicality problem , is n't it ? 
  is n't it more that while most people agree that for the eu it 's ideal to deport them , it 's not very practical . 
  currently there do n't seem any practical solutions though . 
  fair point , it just gets a bit fuzzy . 
  the list includes a pair of chimneys at 213m tho . 
  if that 's your point , there 's a bunch of higher structures : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_tallest_structures_in_the_netherlands, 
  a priority lane inherently requires the rest to slow down , as unlike dedicated lines on roads , here its just dynamic allocation of the available resources . 
  eh , what ? 
  it 's always been like that . 
  heck , that video is from ' 09 . 
  i mean , sure , but what does that have to do with this video ? 
  right . 
  but was n't it 50/50 before , which really amounts to the same as what we have now ? 
  right . 
  but was n't it 50/50 before , which really amounts to the same as what we have now ? 
  it 's not like the jury is properly impartial . 
  is n't the actual distribution still the same ? 
  just how the announce it seems different . 
  you 're right , it 's very similar , and i ca n't judge which one it is as i do n't know enough about either . 
  you might be very right . 
  are you talking about [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya ) ? 
  that 's whataboutism . 
  if that still happens , then you 're right , but then we should care about both , not neither . 
  you can with the official youtube app , it 's in the same menu as the quality settings . 
  and did you read my comment ? 
   i feel it 's on you for not just changing what you say i 'm saying that your point is bullshit and that you are inconsiderate for not adapting your vocabulary to what 's locally common . 
  and we 're talking english , not local language . 
  and even if we did , in the majority of languages it 's the same word , locally adapted .
