  i 'm sorry for that dud , why is he getting upvotes and you 're being downvoted is above me . 
  i actually disagree with / u/meidei , but southern is perceived as stereotypical american , whereas midwestern is what we hear a lot in films etc , thus considered normal . 
  making a difference between normal and stereotypical here . 
  you should be fine then , i think . 
  weird that you had such a shit connection in amsterdam . 
  sometimes you can cut out inside buildings though , especially at the higher frequencies . 
  here 's a graph http://www.frequentieland.nl/gsm/gsm_nl_f.htm, 
  only if op replies ... afaik there are no phones which support all networks anyway . 
  there are often channel overlaps , but channels are spread over the providers , so some providers and/or areas are possibly not covered . 
  / r/thenetherlands or / r/amsterdam might be able to help you , not all hang out in * ask * europe . 
  anyway , t-mobile should work fine , though like any network might slow down when there 's a lot of people around . 
  recent 4g should alleviate that . 
  someone suggested lebora , but i have no idea what network they 're on . 
  the 3 networks are owned by t-mobile , vodafone and kpn , the rest is just virtual . 
  if you mention your phone type and origin ( country ) i can help you figure out if you can access all the frequencies we use here , because there can be a mismatch . 
  wondering the same . 
  if anything , wooden floors are easier to clean and less prone to staying dirty from wet footwear . 
  thanks . 
  that 's very useful . 
  does the + work as 011 in the us ? 
  i entered the majority of my numbers using that . 
  generally the only reasonable european roaming options come with ( expensive/long term ) subscriptions . 
  so like dekay said , separate sims is most likely cheaper . 
  regardless , i have never heard of being able to travel by not , eh , sitting in the seats . 
  the only difference there often is is first and second class , but that 's about it . 
  eurail wo n't be an exception . 
  german police can be very , very firm . 
  would n't call it aggressive though . 
  and maybe that 's just berlin . 
  dutch riot cops have to be cunts . 
  they 're called into situations where the time of being nice generally expired . 
  they 're actually somewhat changing their methodology . 
  they wo n't necessarily be more aggressive , but they will keep more distance . 
  and when they need to step in , they will be more firm . 
  this can differ between cities though . 
  i read it as him needing a signature to even use the chip , which would n't be supported . 
  but if it 's either or , then he 's fine yeah . 
  still the same deal . 
  i imagine some places might do it , but it is highly uncommon . 
  if you are able to get a debit card of sorts , or an international ( chipped ) credit card you can use atm 's . 
  there are special devices which copy from an sd/cf to an ( integrated ) hdd . 
  i recommend looking into that . 
  less interesting ( looking ) to possible thieves . 
  that said , they might be a bit harder to get for cf , but not impossible . 
  oh , that 's interesting . 
  when i was in prague ~ 5 years ago we really needed local currency everywhere . 
  could be that it changed over time . 
  yeah , just europe . 
  i would n't think that a lot of places outside the eurozone ( but in europe ) accept euros . 
  only the highly touristic , and even then . 
  you 'll have a problem with euro 's in london . 
  do you know places in specific where they accept euros besides of their local currency ? 
  i am not aware of any country having two currencies . 
  a country either uses the euro , or have their own currency . 
  i * might * be wrong , and correct me , but i have never ever ever heard of a country having a currency besides the euro . 
  til . 
  well , it would be a bit strange to serve the best full english breakfast in france , or something . 
   roller coasters never heard of that ? 
  is that a thingy we ( pretend to ) be good at ? 
  the netherlands mainly uses [ marktplaats ] ( http://www.marktplaats.nl/ ) ( market place ) , which is technically owned by ebay . 
  that 's much better . 
  the only thing i can tell you is that for hiking , amsterdam is n't great , unless you like urban . 
  if you want to hike in nl , you 're better off escaping by train , there 's some nice nature in different areas . 
  which should be pretty quick , the country is fairly small . 
  i can be more specific if you want , but you did n't say how much time you have . 
  you got ta provide way more context before we can be more meaningful than a random travel guide . 
  preferences , etc. 
  the rain was the end of a rather long period of good weather . 
  ic amsterdam berlin , 5 hours of chilling , the landscape zipping past , and arriving in the middle of berlin . 
  i 've done it last christmas , amazing . 
  great part is the electrical outlets , though that 's not guaranteed . 
  i 'm not talking about rights and all , just plain human behavior . 
  op was talking about mere pickpockets . 
  those are n't dangerous . 
  well until you pull a knife , then you put both on an edge and it becomes a deadly situation . 
  you forget one essential thing , and that is if you show a knife , you escalate the situation from one which at most gets you showed to the pavement and lose your gear , to one where you can , well , die . 
  like other said , excessive violence ( basically anything with a tool ) is nowhere considered acceptable against something like pickpocketing . 
  at most you can subdue said person . 
  edit : the best way to get hurt is by being a danger yourself . 
  which i guess is n't a part of the military school . 
  edit 2 : the somewhat rash responses are because people are simply stunned , unless you intentionally enter the bad places , you 're very safe . 
  it is specific in some kind of way . 
  it is more of a wiki-fitting question though , i am not sure if we have any policy on that ? 
  i wanted to clarify , so lets do that now . 
  i do n't mind someone from outside europe commenting with his own perspective on someone else . 
  but you were actually answering the question . 
  you were n't asked . 
  you 're not from europe . 
  i 'm very sorry , but that 's what askreddit is for ... 
  i tend to mix and match . 
  development however has made me tend to american english more often , since that 's what most of the systems you work with are written in . 
  they actually [ modernized clogs ] ( http://i.imgur.com/12em3tt.jpg ), 
  are you saying all modernization came from the us ? 
  i agree . 
  maybe he means traditional , not modernized , but to say everywhere else is americanized . 
  they can be pretty steep . 
  unlike dutch citizens , as an expat you are n't payed for . 
  however you might be able to get some grands , there are a lot of funds who exist solely to have people study outside their own country . 
  education is actually ( across the eu ) a fairly good way to get an ( educational ) visa . 
  there 's a lot to offer , and at least in the netherlands for example most masters are mostly english .
