  i 'm just amazed by how thick and inconsiderate you are . 
  how difficult is it to just use `` football '' when talking about it in europe . 
  that you made your comment because you failed to adapt ? 
  :p note i have n't downvoted you anywhere , that 's on others . 
  i was just using his own phrase to poke fun at him . 
  start calling the sport football ? 
  you 're in europe . 
  so the guy did strike a nerve with you , even though i feel it 's on you for not just changing what you say, 
  it was a beautiful c-major . 
  striking a chord can be negative though . 
  you can judge without being upset . 
  but you do n't need to be on your high `` native english '' horse to understand that . 
  besides that , he was just being playful using a recurring trope , not actually attacking the person . 
  i feel like you need to get of your high `` native english '' horse and judge comments less quickly yourself :p does it normally upset you that people do and tell jokes differently from you ? 
  does he sound upset ? 
  if anything , in the context of a european subreddit , it should n't be surprising but it still somewhat is . 
  the same way i do n't call soccer `` football '' when i 'm in a majority-american context . 
  just out of courtesy . 
  the commentator got rigged . 
  this is a redub . 
  it seems to be working , to some extend . 
  you 're aware that for a few bucks you can take any small website down for a short while ? 
  they 'll do fine against $ 10-booter-hackergroups . 
  considering the picture is n't sourced , we do n't know when these ratings where determined . 
  depends on whether you look at blame , or whether you look at cause-effect . 
  i 'd say turkey was the primary side to blame , but we could 've possibly handled it differently and have caused less of a ruckus . 
  he would 've profited either way . 
  the issue is not so much the capability , but the cooperation , also related to nations wanting to stay sovereign , including the army . 
  it 's apparently already special that [ the netherlands , belgium and luxembourg are sharing airspace ] ( https://euobserver.com/news/127885 ) . 
  in hardship , the eu might not need the vs , but for it to get to that point , we need to be desperate . 
  until then we 'll just have petty quarrels about random things . 
  there 's a minimum set by the eu base don how much one pays for the data , but indeed only the provider knows in what way they comply . 
  they did n't get all the benefits though . 
  to be fair , scanning a screen or scanning a paper is n't exactly the same , the hardware must support both . 
  i was n't saying that . 
  however the chances greatly increase with interconnected nature . 
  we 're working on that . 
  wolves been spotted on the borders , coming from germany . 
  but it 's going to be a long battle , reconnecting everything is complicated , we 're a very dense country with sparse patches of nature . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what he is talking about . 
  if anything , it 's definitely not `` the government '' doing it , at most some provincial government . 
  instead , the discussion is whether to hunt the wildlife ( oh how cruel ) or have them starve ( oh how cruel ) . 
  do n't they need a `` lawful '' reason to avoid unemployment pay or something ? 
  yeah , but that 's not how the public will generally receive it . 
  that 's like saying `` what if the individual has a car crash '' when talking about the chance of car crashes . 
  i 'm saying the chances are abysmal . 
  while that 's definitely not nothing , from a practical perspective these attacks , afaik , generally happen in the context of the housing . 
  someone on holiday does n't encounter those situations . 
  that 's not what you said in your comments though , not in this chain . 
  though i do understand your view on this . 
  nothing ? 
  nobody argues the policies are bad . 
  the point is that `` leading by example '' can be an important trait , and if anything she embodies the opposite of that . 
  hence `` hypocritical '' . 
  that said , i do n't know if she 's changed herself , and now follows up on what she preaches , but her current physical shape is the antithesis of healthy living , which she promotes . 
  it 's like a pastor preaching a sober and solemn live , while drinking booze and partying all night . 
  he mentioned all the options you get depending on the bank , you do n't quadruple verify the payment or something . 
  for my bank it 's entering the username/password , confirm , scanning finger on phone , done . 
  oh wow , if they came to the netherlands they would n't have to change a single letter in their name , it 's exactly the same in dutch . 
  it 's at least uncontroversial in that the long hospital waiting times for transitions are where a normal subject in parlement . 
  when are you annexing us ? 
  missing an article , wrong form , etc. 
  very understandable , but stripped of some of the subtleties . 
  pretty much spot on . 
  it might help his dutch is probably a bit simplified ( and slightly awkward :p ) . 
  it has more downsides . 
  in case of coalition politics , the term after forming a coalition becomes shorter . 
  there 's less time to settle and perform longer term acts . 
  also people can get election-saturated . 
  that 's not to say it is n't an interesting concept , it definitely is . 
  i agree it 's abused , but it serves purpose at times . 
  see the person i responded to initially , some are too thick to see it . 
  hmm , sure , i was just trying to get into / u/strangemister 's head that it was sarcasm . 
  i do n't fully agree with you , sarcasm does n't always need the deduction step , though often it does . 
  the problem is that text loses a lot of context which usually carries the sarcasm . 
  see ` / s ` as that overly strong sarcasm voice , compared to subtlety . 
  ` / s ` is only used when it is n't already obvious sarcasm . 
  / u/rainymeadow used , to me , obvious sarcasm . 
  just found out there 's `` loaded questions and agendas '' under the report option on this sub . 
  usually language settings change two things . 
  the language , and everything around it . 
  the latter being default currency , how to display time , whether monday is the first day of the week , etc. 
  `` culture '' . 
  so ( se ) changes the culture separately from the normal english settings . 
  meanwhile i spent 4 days canoeing in a state park in upstate ny , where at some points the 911 response times would be around 6 hours , and the only way of getting it was through satphone . 
  it 's a different feeling . 
  it 's the only thing i really miss from visiting other countries . 
  that feeling from being utterly far away from anything . 
  there 's no escaping it here anywhere , there 's hardly any places where you ca n't hear traffic , or something else . 
  note that groningen does have a red light district . 
  or street . 
  amsterdam , at least to me , has always been know to be more blunt than average . 
  passed the flight training , not passed away . 
  he passed the licence training yesterday , i think . 
  linguistical vicinity is correlated with geographical vicinity . 
  i linked the source . 
  you made me curious , and to be able to use my recently gained r knowledge ... whipped up [ a dirty pie chart ] ( http://imgur.com/uakuvz4 ) ( [ source ] ( http://www.supermarktindebuurt.nl/amsterdam/ ) ) . 
  during summer time i always spray hair conditioner on my fan . 
  that 's how it works right ? 
  unless i 'm missing something , there 's a dirk right in the middle and every other place less then 10 minutes on a bike .
