  you 're not even giving a proper discussion a chance . 
  you remind me of a certain politician , who likes to shout a bunch of controversial things , and then calls everyone who responds haters . 
  no , but it does make you a prick . 
  asking a valid question is not a reason to be rude . 
  i do n't follow your thinking ... `` i have a question , lets ask and insult '' . 
  rather it seems like you want confrontation . 
  i 'm sorry , but just starting out with  i expect my post to be -10 in a few minutes does not sit right with me . 
  especially since that does not come out of that wikipedia article . 
  you 're linking no sources backing your ` facts ' , and your comments ends on a hostile not . 
  i 'm sorry , but that is not how it works . 
  a problem is see is that a large portion of the population is susceptible to false/misleading speech , portraying minorities negatively for individual win . 
  if it were so easy to solve this problem , why are current political parties not doing it ? 
  how would you suggest to break this vicious cycle of hate causing an underclass causing hate ( very generalized ) ? 
  i currently do n't see a solution . 
  i 'm not coming back there before the full mod team has been replaced . 
  everyone . 
  currently on my phone , ca n't go in depth to much , but some points , tad random : the eu tried to talk about it gently first , but it was not listened to . 
  eu responds somewhat inconsistent and messy because , well , the eu is what it is . 
  russia etc is a bad comparison , we do n't have the level of integration with them as we do with the us . 
  and we expect the us to do better , yelling the same at china wo n't do anything , we already know that . 
  this part went down , on my city/tour-bike with mtb-tires . 
  went reasonably well . 
  did n't help i had my luggage on the back . 
  i had similar sections up ... 
  i 'm not saying i would want it , quite the opposite, 
  i see the possibility of a future where each large entity has it 's own ` internet ' , with a few large ones ( europe , north/south america ) still linked , but the others entirely separated . 
  i for sure hope not though . 
  the thing is that we want to keep it a free speech zone . 
  and that 's what we 're fighting for now . 
  you mean ike [ this ] ( https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-qo_xrvqa5fy/uiocwwfquoi/aaaaaaaanp4/xn_rodhwo2w/w1598-h904-no/imag1454.jpg ) and [ this ] ( https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-bubve-fnga4/uisa-ltzx7i/aaaaaaaan4w/0rmfk4qeq7a/w1598-h904-no/imag1647.jpg ) ? 
  cycled trough the uk last summer , found some , eh , interesting bike paths . 
  like [ this ] ( https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-77tzpbqn6eu/uir97bt3jri/aaaaaaaanjc/_5x6sf6nhzo/w524-h927-no/imag1536.jpg ) one , advertised as cycle road on the map , identical to [ this ] ( https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-zbycsmcter0/uir_xb8g7ji/aaaaaaaanss/2hufa5p17vi/w1598-h904-no/imag1586.jpg ) perfect path . 
  i 've heard they try to push those as well , but as a different standard ( different voltage , requirements ) , and probably unrelated to this news . 
  did kongo even participate ? 
  jamaica did . 
  that makes population even more of an influence , because besides having a bigger pool to get medalwinners from , you 'll also just have more competitors in general from your country . 
  now divide it by population and it 's proper . 
  sort of . 
  yeah . 
  i mean , it 's positive , but the total population is n't relevant at all in that statistic . 
  you still have n't answered where the money should come from ... where ? 
  what will make ukraine self-sufficient . 
  what do you mean ? 
  just looking at the facts . 
  i get that endlessly pumping money into the country will keep it afloat . 
  but that ca n't keep going , ukraine has to become self-sufficient some way . 
  and it was clear that how it was run currently did n't work . 
  not saying that the imf requirements are necessarily the best , i 'm not knowledgeable on this , but what else ? 
  just drop it entirely and let it default ? 
  what if that is necessary ? 
  i do n't think someone was like `` lets screw the poor people '' . 
  everyone has to pay in this scenario , and there will be no winners . 
  greece ( just kidding , i have no idea ), 
  you have to consider that plain factual logic only plays a partial role here . 
  and `` freedom of choice '' is considered very important . 
  i wish them the best of luck . 
  i do n't see it happen , but i really hope it sets off and gets some results . 
  excuse me , what ? 
  any references ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  that they do n't want to work with other current let-wing parties , or do n't want to be called left at all ? 
  to be fair , they do a bit more than just animal rights . 
  it is their focus and their banner , but other than that they 're pretty much an average left wing party . 
  she 's leader of the the animal party . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  sounds perfectly appropriate . 
  he 's speaking the truth ... 
  if he 's an ameritard , are you an eurotard ? 
  or englitard . 
  though that does n't sound right . 
  that 's interesting indeed , it clashes . 
  how is that legal ? 
  is n't that conflicting entirely with another law they 're pushing trough to enforce net neutrality ? 
  edit : seems it is a modification of that exact same text . 
  if you combine tanks and fins ... do you get amphibious tanks ? 
  we should stop doing that . 
  the peacekeeping missions that is . 
  i mean , if you do n't try , you ca n't fail , right ? 
  yes , mistakes were made , but dutchbat was n't alone in that , and almost powerless against the army which was approaching them . 
  imo a bit stupid to bring that up , i 'm not going to search for everything failure of your country . 
  which you 're not showing ... ? 
  we 're just not as loud about it . 
  kidding aside , our army is still active , it just sent soldiers to mali for a un-peacekeeping mission . 
  but you never hear that in public . 
  of course that 's still all small , we 're a small country . 
  mind you , none of the action took place in the netherlands, 
  i read `` damn them '' first . 
  yours is a bit nicer . 
  even deadlier . 
  sometimes much more unstable because of rust and decay . 
  dykam 's no-sleep grammar services . 
  all the time , everywhere . 
  i should sleep right now ... 
  i agree it is bad , just not as black & white bad as it might look from an outsider . 
  i feel shitty for saying this , but now we 're on the right track anyway ... 
  either `` i have made '' or `` i make '' . 
  from what i recall that is somewhat misleading since how our mortgage is handled , and the special ( weird ) taxation exemption related to it , makes it less excessive than when you look at the first-degree numbers . 
  it is sort of convenient you know you crossed the border without opening your eyes . 
  common complaint about the netherlands , so i 'm not too sure about that . 
  though of course there are different ways of being direct , it might be that .
