it 's taken too much time already . 
  look at the oas for how a supra-national body should behave . 
  greece has to pay more !, 
  he 'd have been so disappointed to see what has happened . 
  good start . 
  if this were followed up by an operation to get rid of those who have settled illegally as well i would be impressed . 
  i dunno , continental security can cost quite a bit as well . 
  i 'm honestly astounded that the french government did n't cancel this deal the moment crimea was annexed . 
  if we still had our own space programme we could just fire it at the sun ... 
  about time , people are way too prejudiced about nuclear power . 
  they chose to go out to the middle east , let them stay there . 
  these all sound like pretty fair measures . 
  they left the country in order to go and fight . 
  that 's not scratching the surface . 
  maybe they did n't know how deep the twisted rabbit hole would go but they chose to jump right on in anyway . 
  the law does n't exist to make you answer for what you wanted to do , it exists to make you answer for what you actually did . 
  i agree wholeheartedly , but it does n't mean that people wo n't carry on doing it . 
  try telling religious parents that . 
  it 's going to break my heart . 
  that 's so cool haha, 
  i do . 
  i wan na see latvia 's mighty tank army . 
  write to putin on twitter . 
  when are they going to realise it just does n't work ? 
  oh i know , i 'm 6 ' 2 myself , usually stand . 
  why not [ the glorious trams of manchester ? 
  ] ( http://www.therailengineer.com/wp-content/uploads/manchester-metrolink-01.jpg ), 
  i 'm laughing over your comment right now , and there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  it is the 21st century , and people still think this way . 
  we 're all doomed . 
  northland !, 
  so , european rioters then . 
  further proof that half the people protesting have no idea what they 're opposing and just want an excuse to cause a fuss . 
  everyone can clearly see the rights and wrongs , unfortunately most people have varying opinions on what right and wrong is . 
  do n't be silly , condemnation can only ever help . 
  what red_zangief was saying was basically `` if we ban the niqab , why not helmets too ? '', 
  and i was saying that i thought we already did . 
  personally i find anyone with their face fully concealed in public to be pretty damn unsettling , and i 'd be in favour of a ban , particularly as there 's no religious reason for wearing them . 
  i meant motorcycle , sorry . 
  i was pretty sure it was universal ... 
  you 're not allowed to wear a bike helmet inside a shop . 
  no , you do n't . 
  shithole , cesspool , wigan ... 
  the man was a genius . 
  when you put it that way it sounds cruel , but ... 
  polan ... why ? 
  the eu is n't a sovereign state , though . 
  i 'm sorry to be pedantic . 
  all of of europe being militarily occupied and ready to obliterate itself at a moment 's notice is not a situation to look back fondly on . 
  ` rational ' is not a word i 'd ever apply to that period . 
  scotland is part of the uk , it 's not pushing an agenda , it 's flying their flag . 
  i agree with you on the eu thing , that was just a bad example . 
   flying a union jack in scotland , thereby pushing london 's political agenda on the scottish um , what ? 
  maybe it 's even more complex than this , maybe the pro-european british officials have realised that the best way to get a show of european unity is to antagonise all the continentals !, 
  i think the idea is that in 2014 we commemorate , and in 2018 we celebrate . 
  remember how it started , and all the horror , then celebrate it ending . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ winning , ^ ^ ^ ^ hurray !, 
  well , 1945-93 ( ish ) europe was a sort of peace , i suppose , but hardly an ideal one . 
  i thought no-one was allowed to touch her majesty ... 
  i believe in the european ideal , but the execution of it has just been so poor ... 
  those are horribly ambiguous catagories . 
  what i 'm finding almost as unsettling is how little the people in theses comments seem to care about seeing a video of bodies being dragged behind a truck . 
  who gives a fuck if the website layout is bad or the report focuses on them speaking in french ? 
  human beings are having their bodies mutilated , show a little fucking compassion . 
  the problem is tolerating groups ( meaning the extremists ) that practice intolerance , and are totally at odds with the values you think you are upholding by allowing them . 
  perhaps not entirely relevant to the point i 'm trying to make , but not entirely opposing either , is this comment : http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/1tgkro/muslim_checkout_staff_at_a_major_british/ce7zgs3, 
  hurrah !, 
   `` no , no . 
  they went in to cleanse themselves of genocide and apply for readmission to the human race . '', 
  this whole episode is probably my favourite thing ever to be on television . 
  one justifiable war does not negate a swathe of self-centred and violent expansionism . 
  i 'd say that 's probably because the west * is * decadent , weak , and divided . 
  everything about this perfectly illustrates why no-one takes our country seriously any more . 
  it 's a fucking shambles from top to bottom . 
  if i had mr. tusk on side i 'd feel safer . 
  that 's a badass name . 
  well , some say it was an accident . 
  dude ... what the fuck ? 
  got ta keep dem dirty forrins out . 
  thank christ . 
  it 's such a fucking retarded idea . 
  better than yours or mine , i 'm sure . 
  privatised public services make everything worse . 
  so you 're saying that success is linked to going to a good university ? 
  i 'm not saying i entirely disagree with you , but you could have phrased that better . 
  will we fuck . 
  whooo !, 
  no other event has so drastically shaped the face of the world we live in today , i really hope you 're trolling . 
  i still do n't like euros . 
  polar war !, 
  it 's happening !!, 
  i 'm very pro-integration , i can not abide people who choose to move to a country and make no effort at all to integrate into that society . 
  shifty motherfucker . 
  whilst i think the american comment was pretty idiotic , your 's is pretty bizarre too . 
  the west opposed the communist influence so much because it was widely believed ( and not without good reason ) to be extremely expansionist , and did pose a genuine threat to the west . 
  also , american blood has been spilled fighting the chinese , as has the blood of men from most nato countries . 
  in some senses , yes . 
  but it did n't gain the germans anything beyond damaging the prestige of the royal navy . 
  a contemporary , whose name for the life of me i can not remember summarised it perfectly in saying ; '' the prisoner had struck his gaoler , but remained behind bars . '', 
  i 'm not saying it should be glorified , i just think that all of those involved deserve a lot more respect than they get .
