this is what happens when you force demographic changes on a population too quickly . 
  i 'm not condoning the attacks or the raising of the flag , but their concerns must be listened to . 
  i could n't find anywhere that sold slovak food . 
  my slovak friend did n't mention traditional food once either . 
  it was all rather disappointing . 
  poland , on the other hand , has a rich cuisine that i enjoyed discovering . 
  italian . 
  i 'm loving this because it forces people to admit that there is a problem with immigration . 
  plus , i already have my qualifications , so i do n't care about these third world citizens . 
  slovak cuisine does n't exist . 
  source : visited slovakia, 
  i think that their clothing makes a lot of sense , but the burqa and niqab do n't . 
  i like the looseness of the gown that the males wear . 
  it has a certain aesthetic to it that makes it perfectly suited for summer use . 
  however , i think that there needs to be an effort from their community to fit in . 
  if you go to whitechapel , shadwell , or newham , you will see traditional garbs worn throughout the day . 
  that is n't too welcoming to non-muslims . 
  i feel that i should state that i do n't have an issue with the hijab at all , and some of my friends wear it . 
  my ideal end game would be a limit placed on immigration and an urging for them to stop their self-imposed segregation . 
  i would like to see a united community . 
  i do n't see them as part of our culture . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , they 're occupiers . 
  who mentioned tourist visas ? 
  foreigners live and work in saudi arabia . 
  go away with your bullshit . 
  people are allowed to hold different opinions on an issue without it being racial . 
  i bet you do n't even live anywhere affected by immigration . 
  my right to not feel like an alien in my own country . 
  their facial covering is not part of our culture . 
  why do n't you go crying about the fact that saudi arabia will deport foreigners who eat or drink during ramadan ? 
  what about the oppression that is happening there ? 
  i do n't want albania to join the eu . 
  the country is full of gypsies who will make a beeline for the uk . 
  yes . 
  they constantly criticised the direction that george osborne took the budget and called for him to change course . 
  ultimately , osborne made the right decisions and disproved all economic models and predictions . 
  labour are only interested in taking money from the rich and squandering it . 
  1 to 1.4 is 50 % ? 
  put another way , 100 to 140 is a 50 % increase ? 
  to me , it looks like a 40 % increase . 
  posturing . 
  i chucked away some chicken and rice yesterday because i was full . 
  so naughty . 
  i agree , i thought that the legislation was quite appropriate . 
  they do in poland . 
  it 's annoying . 
  he has hardly been ` attacked ' . 
  obviously , his political rivals will seize this defeat and try to milk it for what it is worth , but why should that be a surprise ? 
  ed miliband is a spineless sack of shit who would ruin the economy within his first year in office , so for him to warn of economic damage is laughable . 
  as for nigel farage , well , he needs to try and keep his supporters happy otherwise they will go back to labour , conservatives , lib dens , etc. 
  in summary , this is nothing important . 
  the children were born in iceland . 
  is n't that the argument used by defenders of immigrants elsewhere ? 
  1 ) i doubt that there are many muslims in iceland 2 ) i 'd imagine that they 'd fall under the ` both parents are foreign ' clause mentioned in the article, 
  why do you keep using 50 % ? 
  why do n't you use the actual percentage of 40 % ? 
  is it because 50 % sounds scarier ? 
  also , why do you keep ignoring poland ? 
  it sounds like you have an agenda here . 
  considering the fact that we do n't know where these homicides take place , it 's hard to say whether i was wrong in feeling safer . 
  i visited bratislava , not some village in the east of the country . 
  with poland , i have visited eight cities , and spent a great deal of time in warsaw . 
  at no stage did i feel unsafe . 
  see , that 's the problem with percentages - they can make numbers look big and scary when they are n't . 
  how about we stick to 1.0 versus 1.4 ? 
  i do n't think that many people would perceive that as a big increase . 
  between the uk and poland , it 's an even smaller difference . 
  by the way , would n't it be a 40 % increase ? 
  no , he 's being downvoted for being disingenuous . 
  read his comment again and you 'll see his sensationalist tone is n't supported by the facts that he provided . 
  he claimed that poland and slovakia suffered from a ` much higher ' homicide rate . 
  the truth is , they do n't . 
  the difference is negligible . 
  i can assure you that i have spent enough time in poland to make my assessment . 
  slovakia , i visited briefly , but i liked what i saw . 
  the user has an england flag , so i can assume that he is english . 
  i obviously would n't make such a comment to a swede or german . 
  where was the blame ? 
  everyone knows that the police file things under manslaughter so that the stats look better . 
  also , you 're acting as if you 're telling me new things . 
  you really are n't . 
  save your breath and accept that i view poland and slovakia as better countries . 
  you 're trying to make an argument based on a .2 and .4 difference ? 
  that is a joke and you know it . 
  god only knows what you were thinking as you typed ` much higher ' . 
  i perceive slovakia and poland to be safer based on my experiences , not off of some statistics . 
  who is to say that they had more homicides ? 
  perhaps their classification of homicide is stricter than ours . 
  do n't forget , the police love filing things under manslaughter . 
  i wo n't take advice from someone who ca n't even speak the language . 
  try paying attention in school , chap . 
  i think that you meant ` regressive ' . 
  there is nothing ` progressive ' about assisted suicide . 
  everything you have mentioned should be filed under the `` misconceptions '' category . 
  even if we accept that all the immigrants who want to be here are here , what about future expansions ? 
  are we supposed to believe that new immigrants would n't make the move ? 
  if serbia joins the union , what then ? 
  how about macedonia ? 
  one can not be so shortsighted as to think that the union has finished expanding . 
  we wo n't be losing any jobs as a result of pulling out of europe .
