you 're an american . 
  wrong sub . 
  or stop leaving your own country . 
  american scumbags need to be quarantined . 
  too bad they did n't kill them . 
  what did the us innovate ? 
  police brutality and wanton killing ? 
  why ca n't americans just die ? 
  haha maybe this means all those fuckers will die off sooner . 
  death to america !, 
  it really is . 
  russia revising history ? 
  * gasp * no ... 
  lol, 
  france 's parliment proposed this at one point , and the socialists voted it down . 
  i believe it was manuel valls ( pm under hollande ) who originally pushed the idea . 
  what 's the fox say ? 
  this is fucking amazing, 
  this precisely . 
  it said the nationals of the uk would be fired after brexit , which ** directly ** contradicts the title . 
  russia 's not an enemy though . 
  they can protect the continent from the cunts across the atlantic who deserve nothing but genocide . 
  death to america !, 
  but americans are a competent enemy . 
  hopefully the eu can bar them from travelling or working here . 
  just what i needed . 
  both of my countries to have a bunch of cockups in power . 
  yup, 
  yeah that did n't seem right to me , either . 
  sorry for disbelieving you op . 
  thought that was snow . 
  lol . 
  true . 
  nobody expects the spanish inquisition !, 
  well he never entered russia , so i suspect not . 
  that , and he 's still ( presumably ) alive . 
  did not know this . 
  thanks for the context , op . 
  but was n't the overhaul vetoed ? 
  fuck ... that 's terrifying, 
  not true in the states . 
  been a while since i lived in sweden , so idk about that . 
  maybe a swede currently living there can confirm ? 
  damn ... 
  too accurate, 
  sorry about all the stuff going on w / cyprus vis-\u00e0-vis unification . 
  i take no position , but i 'm guessing the status quo is kind of shit . 
  wow, 
  thank you . 
  wow . 
  i would 've guessed napoleon did that last . 
  welp . 
  thank you for clarifying . 
  uninformed here ... what is sz\u00e9kely ? 
  a city ? 
  again , thank you for the explanation . 
  my only puny window into this is happening to know a greek cypriot who was my accounting professor in uni . 
  as someone not well versed in the cypriot crisis , thank you for explaining . 
  have a wonderful day/night/whatever . 
   so ... erdogan 's a scumbag . 
  everyone ever . 
  damn . 
  that was savage . 
  but it works in more ways than one . 
  i 'm shocked sweden 's as low as it is . 
  lmao . 
  the fuck is wales ' trigger ? 
  serious question . 
  but what happens when a euro is worth none of itself ?? 
  that name is a scumbag . 
  i mean vidkun ? 
  bloody hell . 
  wow . 
  fuck tx twice over . 
  if i had known this earlier ... 
  you 're both cool . 
  that too . 
  good . 
  erdogan 's history of autocracy is not lost on anyone . 
  if he wants a rally he can have it in turkey . 
  nice username . 
  but wow , i did n't know that . 
  eta-esque groups , i should think . 
  left sweden age 6 , russia age 8 . 
  been in tx for 16 years . 
  fun fact , went back to russia one and four years to adopt a sister and brother , respectively . 
  there 's a legit dialect called texas german . 
  but i moved here by way of stockholm , sweden , moscow , russia , and houston , texas . 
  living in central texas has its perks . 
  the top german program in the us is at the university of texas at austin iirc , which is where i studied . 
  though , i studied maths . 
  edit : the university capitalises the . 
  that is actually its name . 
  i was 3 when that happened , and at the time was learning my three native languages . 
  that , and eurovision did indeed confirm australia is a part of europe . 
  i hear when they visit they are very polite . 
  right back at you from a swede living in the states . 
  lulz . 
  nice one !, 
  agreed .
