   well we did pretty much everything we could except an invasion , what else do you want ? 
  as i 've said their economy is broken due to the sanctions already . 
  i 've seen no indication of putin withdrawing from eastern ukraine , giving back crimea or stopping fucking with georgia . 
  to me this indicates that we need more friends together , not less . 
  and it seems like countries like estonia , lithuania , latvia and poland agree with this stance . 
  they * want * nato troops there , especially american ones . 
   and that 's why it feels like nato is nothing but a branch of american imperialism , as i 've said . 
  i would rather see us expanding our role in nato and making more about our interests , rather than abandoning it . 
  and this is coming from finland ... 
  sigh ... 
  i feel like we have played our cards so bad . 
  why did n't we join nato at the same time with the baltics and poland ? 
  we missed our chance , and i fear we will pay heavily for it if putin continues his ways . 
  seeing how well we 've handled the situations in georgia and ukraine so far , i would rather disagree that we have no problem dealing with russian aggression . 
  getting rid of american help does not help with this at all . 
  also , usa has the strongest military on earth and several times more nuclear weapons than rest of nato combined . 
  also now that britain is out potential eu army is much more weaker than it could have been . 
  edit : i would very much like to see european army come into existence . 
  however it needs to happen without endangering nato . 
  we need our allies like usa and canada . 
  with russian aggression in 2008 and 2014 ( and ongoing ) , it 's very much relevant again . 
  maybe he is thinking about iceland when he 's talking about banks ? 
  i 'm not sure how otherwise one could form an opinion that nordic countries are somehow in forefront of exploitative banking . 
  or perhaps he 's confusing us with luxembourg or switzerland ? 
  his ecosystem critique is even weirder . 
  i think all nordic countries are commonly known to be one of the leading countries when it comes to ecological aspects and green tech . 
  perhaps he 's seen a news article about something like talvivaara mine problems somewhere and formed a weird opinion by that alone ? 
  i do n't know ... it 's so strange . 
  i take those `` until crimea is returned '' arguments to in reality mean more like `` for a several , several years so a scenario like this does n't happen again in near future '' . 
  if we stopped the sanctions now , it would send putin the signal that next time he could take another piece of land , let 's say gotland or \u00c5land islands for sake of argument , and suffer small sanctions for two years and then everything is back to alright again . 
  if anything , we should have done much more harder sanctions and perhaps we could have prevented the shit putin is pulling in east ukraine . 
  and if you look at iran , they 've actually backed away from their nuclear program . 
  sanctions had big part with that . 
  with cuba and north korea , there was no such luck , i agree . 
  edit : also do remember , that ethnic russians have been the primary excuse putin has used in georgia and ukraine . 
  that is * not * a guarantee that it 's the only excuse he will use in future . 
  other lesser reasons have been used already alongside the primary ones . 
  in crimea 's case `` geopolitical importance '' was used to make it like it was almost the most logical and perhaps even the only choice to grab that sevastopol port for russia . 
  and in georgia 's case they also used the `` was fired upon first '' argument . 
  history has shown that the reasons for war are generated when the situation calls for it . 
  do remember that the point of the sanctions is n't * really * to get crimea back . 
  putin is n't going to just give it back , is he ? 
  they 're more to make it clear to russia that war in europe is not something we will just let happen without consequences . 
  and for us finns it 's actually much more important than to the other countries further away from russia . 
  it 's not like countries like portugal or italy are going to be the targets when putin decides russia 's new geopolitical imperatives . 
  and no ... you ca n't just do a land grab with your military and * afterwards * hold a referendum asking for the locals to join to make it all ok . 
  congratulations , your country is now independent . 
  do n't mind our troops within your borders , they are merely there to protect you . 
  say and do what we want , and everything will be glorious . 
  within the time limit we decide , you are completely free to join us !, 
  is n't it great to be independent ? 
  oh and we took the liberty to get rid of some trouble makers within your country . 
  i 'm sure you understand and appreciate it . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  why would they put countries like zimbabwe ( 31st ) , russia ( 35th ) or nigeria ( 47th ) on the list ? 
  corruption in its pure form is rare there . 
  edit : oh , and / s if anybody was wondering . 
  people also make the mistake of thinking african countries as corrupt . 
  they merely have a tribal and personal wealth redistribution mechanism , like sort of a tax if you will , which compensates for the poor salaries . 
  corruption in it 's pure form is actually very rare there . 
  who has power controls property , but property does not result in more power as in capitalist countries . 
  it 's a perfectly fine system . 
  ah , `` lavrov the lying man '' . 
  when his lips are moving , you know he is lying . 
  i assume that by your standards i 'm very , very dumb , even to the extreme . 
  i believe that putin is a lying piece of shit and a complete cunt , who is not only bullying his neighboring countries with violence and war , but also someone who is poisoning his own people with authoritarianism , corruption , regressionism and apathy . 
  he is a cancer upon society that refuses to give up on his hold , just to keep himself in power . 
  he is someone who is dragging russia and russians back by decades , and that is a big , big shame . 
  you post pro-putin propaganda article and are surprised that people do n't appreciate it ? 
  we do n't buy russian military equipment any more , but back in 1996 russians actually gave us some buk missile systems to repay debts they owed us from soviet times . 
  nicely enough those exported systems had built in weaknesses that made them easily jammable by russian electronic warfare . 
  naturally we had to replace those buks with more relieable western products . 
  but i 'm sure russians would n't built that kind of backdoors to the equipment they sell to erdogan . 
  well mostly they were . 
  in real world things get a little blurred . 
  they had to bend the concept at some times , but they were hardly allied to any of the powers . 
  yup . 
  just look at ww2 . 
  germany and soviet union just laughed on many of those little neutral countries before grabbing them . 
  neutral means alone , and alone means easy target . 
  switzerland and sweden were one of the lucky ones . 
  baltics , czechoslovakia , finland , belgium , netherlands etc. . . not so much . 
  you need plenty of conventional forces to control areas , prevent enemy operations , protect airspace and marine traffic etc. 
  just relying on nuclear weapons means that you have no other cards in your hand , and you 're very open for all kinds of things . 
  eventually enemy will want see if you 're just bluffing with your nuclear weapons , and then you 're damned . 
  if you are bluffing , enemy will do what they want . 
  if you are not bluffing , you 've turned the war into nuclear annihilation . 
  so keep up your defenses , you might need actually need them . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that it 's very possible that suddenly finland will be geopolitically important for russia . 
  and then it will be our turn to feel the wrath of the russian military and to be desperately seeking help from other nations . 
  so not * that * different from crimea . 
  safety of the baltic sea is vital to russian interests . 
  finland seems to be unable or unwilling to guarantee the neutrality and demilitarization of the \u00c5land islands , therefore russia is forced to do this for them . 
  russian troops have taken control of the islands , and any action towards them will be taken as an act of war towards russia . 
  as a precautionary measure russian navy has also blockaded the finnish coast and russian air forces have closed finnish airspace . 
  the blockade will continue until finland is willing to change it 's fascist government into one that is willing to cooperate with russia on the vital security matters . 
  - finland , 2021, 
  sorry , i 'm not russian and do n't know your politicians well enough to name names . 
  what i do know is that in finland we have 5 million people , and we tend to find ( semi ) capable politicians during every election . 
  i 'm sure that russia with it 's 143 million people can do the same .
