  being non-allied is the best guarantee for peace . 
  strong economic relations and prosperous russia are best ways to guarantee peace . '', 
  this is the real way that russia tries to influence countries , by making people want to stay away from nato , to make them more worried about economy than war in europe and to make endless compromises with the invader . 
  in essence putin wants us to be like mini-chamberlains , fools who blindly hope for peace and by doing that guarantee even worse aggression . 
  whichever countries and cities you choose , remember that it 's going to be winter time . 
  i would n't recommend nordic countries , because at that time of the year it 's cold and there 's daylight for only limited hours . 
  unless that is exactly what you are looking for , then by all means . 
   edit : oh , and another vote for amsterdam . 
  beautiful city , and loads of craft beer ( both local and from belgium ) and art . 
  at least in summer it was one of the best places i 've been in europe . 
  or if you are looking for something cheaper , then prague could be nice too . 
  he naturally died from the five bullet wounds . 
  i seriously do n't understand why you are so angry about this picture and trying to find some kind of ulterior motive for posting it . 
  from my perspective , and i 'm sure many will agree , it 's very surprising to see even an unloaded gun in public . 
  one simply does not do it , because one can expect police soon to arrive . 
  this makes the picture interesting , and kind of funny too . 
  it 's also thought provoking : should it be normal to carry gun in public and how would it make me feel ? 
  more safe or unsafe ? 
  personally i would feel more unsafe , even if i knew they are going to a shooting competition . 
  does there have to be any kind of message ? 
  i personally found it interesting and very surprising that anybody in europe is carrying a weapon out like that in a public transport , even unloaded . 
  one would normally expect a gun to be in a carrying bag so that people do n't get alarmed . 
  do you mean that you should spend less on giving health benefits to your citizens and use some of that money to get these dogs have roofs over their heads ? 
  sorry , i just do n't understand how `` obamacare '' and these dogs are related . 
  like , at all . 
  using a poisonous snake to keep rabid dogs in control does n't sound like a good solution . 
  maybe get rid of both and build something democratic and prosperous ? 
  sources please . 
  finn here , and i completely agree with you . 
  putin must be shown that he can not bring war into europe . 
  seems like a highly unlikely scenario , at least during next 20 + years . 
  russia 's been going in backwards direction for at least last 10 years , maybe longer . 
  seems unlikely without heavy use of bribes , blackmail , threats , propaganda campaign and ultimately with use of force if other approaches fail . 
  lavrov , the man who you know is lying when his lips are moving , is intelligent and likable ? 
  it 's like saying `` ukraine carrying out unprecedented reforms '' . 
  what on earth has your comment to do with the article ? 
  this mostly pro-russian article is about eu 's dislike of russia using gas prices to politically blackmail countries to do what russia wants . 
  it has nothing at all to do with `` deflationary aspects '' , `` savings to consumer '' or `` energy poverty '' . 
  too bad that corruption , authoritarianism and general lack of economic liberties are slowly strangling the member countries . 
  brought to you by your reliable news source * 1prime . biz * . 
  * 1prime . biz * - your reliable news source . 
  the report clearly states that there were provocations from both parties . 
  russia merely used one of the shellings as a excuse to start a full scale war . 
  seems legit . 
  i wonder how you would feel if it was russians who had a part of their country stolen and another part in a state of war , russians getting killed and their infrastructure destroyed because some other country thinks their invasion was ` justified ' . 
  your ` counter moves ' have made an enemy of a fellow slavic country of 45 million people . 
  these are people who should have been your brothers . 
  who * were * your brothers , who counted you to have their backs . 
  they are no more , because you stole parts of their lands and machinated a `` civil war '' in other parts . 
  putin is a cunt who did n't really understand the results of what he was doing , who personally fucked up big time . 
  he has burned russian bridges that had existed for hundreds of years , just for his personal political gain . 
   how is your daily life exactly affected by any of the points you 've made ? 
  it sounds like some talking points you see on tv and in the media . 
  fuck that . 
  finland faces only one existential threat , and that is russia . 
  world has changed into better in many ways since the 90 's , but russia seems to be stuck in the mentality that it 's ok for them to bully their neighbors and use force if necessary . 
   because all of your other neighbors are `` in the club '' . 
  we want to have good relations with russia too and have them `` in the club '' . 
  but putin makes it really , really hard with his warmongering , blackmailing and other nasty tricks . 
   so why is it so easy to close the eyes when it comes to another party ? 
  both sides had stupid things they did . 
  only one side decided it 's ok to go into full scale war . 
  i do n't have really time to go through all your arguments at the moment . 
  still , i have to point couple of common russian narrative stories that are blatantly false . 
   georgia ? 
  i am not even going to address this . 
  european independent investigation pretty much ruled that it was georgian aggression from the start . 
  google is your friend . 
  i have read the report . 
  what they essentially said was that lots of provocations happened by both sides . 
  on one of these occasions georgians shelled a location , and russians took that as an excuse to start a full scale war . 
   p.s. 
  finland is not in nato and has n't had any active anti-russian rhetoric . 
  as a result there has n't been any issues . 
  unless you think that russia is plotting something against finland . 
  but i think actions speak louder . 
  i do n't think you have any idea what it 's like to live next door to russia . 
  you make air space violations just to fuck with us . 
  you threaten us with economic and military actions if we even think about joining nato . 
  your magazines publish as a fact all the propaganda shit and lies desants like johan b\u00e4ckman tell you . 
  you put halt to some of our exports due to `` health and safety reasons '' any time there are political reasons for it . 
  we have zero problems like these with any of our other neighbors . 
  russia , at least as it is lead by putin currently , is a really shitty neighbor . 
  almost as shitty as soviet union was . 
  what has that to do with what he said ? 
  did not russia steal crimea ? 
  did not russia fuck up donetsk ? 
  did not russia fuck up georgia ? 
  does not russia threaten the baltics ? 
  does not russia have an exceedingly high military budget ? 
  oh , it 's all just a misunderstanding because russians made a bloodless revolution ? 
  like he said . 
  the bully playing the victim . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  as for your argument , i 'm not sure why the joining of ukraine would cause any kind of objections withing the armies , let alone desertions . 
  they could maybe happen if eu or nato was asked to attack russia to reclaim crimea , but ukraine just joining is a whole different kind of thing . 
  i think it would actually be seen as a welcome power shift , where a nation of 45 million people fully changed from the russian sphere of influence into the western world . 
  `` admit '' ...  the shelling of tskhinvali by the georgian armed forces during the night of 7 to 8 august 2008 marked the beginning of the large-scale armed conflict in georgia , yet it was only the culminating point of a long period of increasing tensions , provocations and incidents . 
  lots of shit had happened by both parties . 
  one of those incidents was when georgia shelled tskhinvali .
