  trading is important . 
  but it 's even more important to participate in the sanctions against russia so that they will be less likely to repeat their aggressive ways in the future . 
  cheap guinness is always great . 
  i enjoyed dublin . 
  nope , no points for dead military leaders . 
  our single point came from [ heidi hautala ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heidi_hautala ) , a green party member , former minister and former member of the european parliament . 
  i suppose she was put into the list because of her criticism of putin . 
  not really someone i would have expected to see there . 
  finland one point . 
  we suck at this as much as we suck at eurovision . 
  what on earth is finno-ugric coalition ? 
  i 'm not sure how one would argue that war in europe is not important for europeans ? 
  also the fact that you do n't care about russia does not make it any less important for the future of europe . 
  what is currently happening in ukraine is very important for europe . 
  war in european soil is a pretty rare thing these days and demands our attention . 
  this one is especially important because it places eu in a conflict with russia . 
  russia has been going towards a bad direction for a while now , and further aggression is not something that can be ruled out . 
  in certain scenarios there might be strategic reasons for russia to invade neutral appearing finland . 
  neutrality does make us seem like less of a threat , but it also makes us seem like a weak link that can be broken . 
  for example if we look back to ww2 , playing neutral was not a safe bet . 
  while there were some successfully neutral countries like sweden , switzerland and portugal , there were many complete failures like denmark , norway and baltics . 
  even finland was initially neutral , but that did n't save us . 
  if russia continues it 's current road to paranoid militarism and isolation , then it could make sense to grab either \u00c5land islands or whole of finland to increase the russian safety and control in the baltic sea area . 
  another problem is that finland is not really neutral . 
  our eu membership ties us to together with the rest of europe which mostly is part of nato . 
  from russian perspective we already are the enemy . 
  if a war was about to start between nato and russia , we would be part of it in any case . 
  pressure us how ? 
  i ca n't say i have seen us much pressuring nato members . 
   what does the us bring ? 
  the most powerful military in the world , massive war time industrial capabilities , efficient intelligence network , big nuclear arsenal ? 
  other than that , no idea . 
  thanks , i hope we will do it some day !, 
  to succeed we 're going to need lots of help from russia . 
  so far they 've been doing a `` good '' job with crimea , east ukraine , mh17 , countless air space violations , threats of nuclear weapons , massive military exercises right next to our border and counter sanctions . 
  sweden does have pretty good air force and navy . 
  it 's just their regular army that 's way too small to be able to put up believable resistance . 
  it 's creating a power vacuum in the area . 
  i hope they will do something to that in the future . 
  as a finn i would love if we joined nato , especially if sweden did the same . 
  it would bring a lot of stability to the baltic sea . 
   i have come across many pro-nato who want to join nato because it would end the conscirption or that somehow it would remove our own need to keep defensive capability , which are both wrong . 
  i 've only heard those arguments from anti-nato people who think that membership would mean driving down our own defense capabilities . 
  i do n't think i 've ever met a pro-nato person who would think or want that . 
  why would the state have anything to say if someone wants to leave to work somewhere else ? 
  seems to me like some form of serfdom or slavery . 
  it is a little tasteless , yes . 
  i think it 's a strong indicator of how negatively people are reacting to the stealing of crimea , war in ukraine and the general direction that russia 's been going lately . 
  for a sizable part of the audience to start booing requires pretty strong and wide-spread feelings to overcome the social etiquette of being nice in a public event like eurovision . 
  i think it should be a clear sign for putin and to russia about how their actions seem to the rest of europe . 
  on the other hand you could also see it like nato 's existence is still very much needed when we look at how russia , the successor of ussr , is acting towards it 's neighbors . 
  without nato russia would have less inhibitions to do the same thing with the baltics , poland , etc. 
  while eu membership does offer those countries some protection , i think the biggest deterrent is that most of eu is also part of nato ( ie . 
  protected by the usa ) . 
  in a way nato 's presence is protecting even finland which is not part of the treaty itself . 
  i think there 's more going on that just the current situation in ukraine . 
  peaceful trade and coexistence is no longer russia 's main priority . 
  instead russia is slowly transforming into eu 's geopolitical and ideological opponent . 
  it is saber rattling on all fronts , making eastern europe feel threatened . 
  it is trying to prevent new members from joining into the union and into nato . 
  it tries to undermine our unity by funding the far right and far left political parties that oppose eu . 
  it is waging information warfare on us , trying to spread the russian reality bubble . 
  the end of war in ukraine will not be the end of our problems with russia . 
  whoops , too much britain there . 
  let 's edit france into there somewhere !, 
  i sure hope they find prosperity , freedom and democracy from the eeu . 
  i just get a bad feeling about it when i think about russian track record and their current political climate . 
  we agree with usa when it suits us and they agree with us when it suits them . 
  eu power base is actually surprisingly well divided . 
  germany , uk and france are of course the big players with most power , as one would assume , but the smaller member countries have more weight than their population should actually give them . 
  they have lots to say when they band together . 
  also there 's zero risk that other member countries will come over the borders with their military and start protecting ethnic whatevers . 
  it could end up like that eventually , but it 's not really something that needs to be aimed for . 
  it will happen if it will happen . 
  the top priority is to make eu more useful so that member states can clearly see the benefits of it . 
  this means a more practical and efficient eu by making the english official common language , getting rid of the strasbourg circus , removing the unfair uk membership cost discount , making less bureaucracy when it 's not necessary and so forth . 
  check his flag . 
  i do n't think he was implying that lithuanians are n't bordering russia . 
  it was a sympathetic joke from one neighbor to another . 
  we know how problematic it is sometimes to have the bear living next door . 
  apologies , i read the thing in a hurry and jumped into conclusions . 
  i would find it rather hard to believe that romanians would freely join the eurasian union , no matter what happened . 
  i think they still remember well enough the good old times under the soviet union sphere of influence . 
  guinness , kilkenny , boddingtons , murphy 's , fuller 's esb , franziskaner , weihenstephaner , pilsner urquell ... 
  boy , do i love my beers !, 
  gratz from finland !, 
  i wish we had us troops in finland too . 
  bear would not like , so bear would keep it 's distance . 
  current greek government in very russian friendly , to the point that it 's becoming a burden both for eu and to nato . 
  yes , it 's neutral and none of us would benefit from it more than the others . 
  it would be fair . 
  there 's no disagreement on that . 
  at the same time we would be shooting ourselves in the leg in a big way . 
  it would cost huge amounts of money to train people in a new language . 
  as a reward we would have a common language , sure , but a common language that 's only spoken in europe . 
  heck , it 's not spoken even in europe yet !, 
  it does n't make much sense from a usability perspective . 
  any other choice , even arabic would make more sense . 
  at least we could use it when visiting arabic countries or doing business with them . 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you are saying ...
