  russia took that particular moment as a reason of war and attacked . 
  i 'm still not sure i understand what you meant . 
  you essentially just said the same thing you said in the first place , without providing any meaningful reason why it would actually happen . 
  do you have some kind of a reasoning behind your argument ? 
  why would these desertions happen within ` european nato armies ' ? 
  do n't ` european nato ' soldiers like ukraine ? 
  have you actually read the document which you linked beyond the very first sentences ? 
  here are some quotes for you to enjoy . 
   the shelling of tskhinvali by the georgian armed forces during the night of 7 to 8 august 2008 marked the beginning of the large-scale armed conflict in georgia , yet it was only the culminating point of a long period of increasing tensions , provocations and incidents . 
  . .  at the very outset of the operation the commander of the georgian contingent to the joint peacekeeping forces ( jpkf ) , brigadier general mamuka kurashvili , stated that the operation was aimed at restoring the constitutional order in the territory of south ossetia . 
  . .  finally , the russian federation invoked the need to protect its own citizens living in south ossetia . 
  under article 61 ( 2 ) of the russian constitution `` the russian federation guarantees its citizens defence and patronage beyond its boundaries '' . 
  it is also true that since 1945 , numerous states have led military actions by pointing to the need to protect their own nationals abroad . 
  in many cases the legality of these actions was disputed . 
  there is no customary law allowing such actions . 
  if at all , such actions should be limited in scope and duration and exclusively focused on rescuing and evacuating nationals . 
  in the case at hand , the action was not solely and exclusively focused on rescuing and evacuating russian citizens , but largely surpassed this threshold by embarking upon extended military operations over large parts of georgia . 
  consequently , it must be concluded that the russian military action outside south ossetia was essentially conducted in violation of international law . 
  . .  as the upper kodori valley did not belong to the abkhaz-controlled territory under the provisions of the moscow agreement , the attack against it by abkhaz units supported by russian forces constituted an illegal use of force as prohibited by the ceasefire agreement and article 2 ( 4 ) of the un charter and also an armed attack against georgia in the sense of article 51 of the un charter . 
  the use of force by georgia in defence of the attack was at the same time justified in terms of legitimate self-defence . 
  . .  the russian and south ossetian charge of genocide against georgia was one of the most serious allegations made . 
  there was an urgent need to examine this allegation , due to the grave connotations conjured by the term genocide in public opinion and conscience , and also to its very specific legal definition and to the ensuing serious consequences under international law . 
  after having carefully reviewed the facts in the light of the relevant law , the mission concludes that to the best of its knowledge allegations of genocide committed by the georgian side in the context of the august 2008 conflict and its aftermath are neither founded in law nor substantiated by factual evidence, 
  sure . 
  georgia was aggressor . 
  how dare they . 
  even to this day they are trying to move the fence posts at the border . 
  man , those georgians sure are assholes for being such a small country . 
  and do n't get me even started with ukrainians . 
  how dare they coup their government , go into full fascism and try to prevent crimeans from using their democratic right of independence . 
  and even having the audacity of attacking their own citizens in donetsk !, 
  what are these ` european nato armies ' you are talking about , and why would these ` mass desertions ' happen ? 
  this . 
  nato was starting to feel like a little obsolete , if you will , until georgian war happened . 
  after that when ukraine happened , it was clear it was very much needed again . 
  in a way , putin himself recreated the need of nato . 
  i do n't think i should be telling it to the ukrainians . 
  after all , it 's putin who is bringing weapons , tanks , soldiers and death there . 
  when there 's a war going on , i 'm not sure how any kind of meaningful debate could be had . 
  and that 's putin 's goal from the very start - to prevent ukrainians handling their problems in any rational or pragmatic way . 
  instead he wants disorder , chaos and death , so that he can make ukrainians hate each other . 
  he can use that destruction to build a frozen conflict , forever preventing ukrainians from being truly independent from russia . 
  if he 's right about something , then you agree with him on that thing . 
  when he 's wrong about other things , then you disagree . 
  simple . 
  this time he is saying that putin is a big threat , which is true . 
  if they want to join russia , they can move there . 
  it gives no right for russia to bring war into ukraine . 
  sure , that seems like a good reason for why it 's ok for russia to steal some areas from ukraine , demolish infrastructure , kill people and destroy their economy . 
  perhaps he is talking about sputnik , globalresearch , zerohedge and such . 
  yup . 
  take care . 
  do you know that moment , when you 're staring at a thug right in front of you who just said `` what are you gon na do about it '' ? 
  you consider your choices . 
  you could try to punch him . 
  not smart , he would most likely smash your face in . 
  you could insult him back . 
  not smart , face , smash . 
  so you just leave , and go back to living your life . 
  in couple of years you see that same thug again , threatening someone else . 
  he is a bit poorer now . 
  he is a bit more alcoholic . 
  he is fatter than he used to . 
  he does n't have any friends , just couple of drinking buddies who fear him . 
  his wife and kids despise him . 
  he did some time in prison . 
  he does n't have a job . 
  he hates his life even more than he hates other human beings . 
  you walk by and ignore him . 
  fuck that guy . 
  they have schools in russia . 
  many schools . 
  state run schools . 
  with state propaganda . 
   first , the very existence of nato is uncertaint , depending on how things move for the us/france/germany / uk , we might have a nato gone . 
  so he might not even need to leave it , it might just explode . 
  i seriously doubt that . 
  eu , usa canada and the rest are natural allies . 
  especially with putin rocking the boat . 
   also , turkey is slowly but surely turning back to a regime . 
  if they are ready to throw away democracy , who knows what else . 
  so it seems , i agree . 
  we will have to see how that turns out . 
  he might die . 
  he might be thrown off . 
  he might be cautious enough to slow down . 
  he might run into a situation where he needs nato . 
  he might shoot down another russian plane . 
  who knows , world is a complicated place . 
  turkey 's been part of the nato since 1952 , so that 's like 65 years . 
  that 's a long historical and practical commitment to just throw away in haste . 
  it 's been a two-way relationship , where turkey gets security and free hands to do some shady shit , and nato get a valuable ally . 
  it 's also been one of the trading cards turkey 's always been able to use when things get messy , like in cyprus , greece or syria . 
  if they do n't have that card , getting their way through diplomacy is much harder . 
  and russia ... their history with russia is at best a complicated one , and at worst a very hostile one . 
  and when it comes to contemporary middle-eastern geopolitics , turkey 's been very pro-sunni and anti-shia , whereas russia 's been a friend with iran and syria . 
  that 's a conflict of interests that ca n't be just brushed under the carpet . 
  edit : `` that 's a conflict of interests that can be '' -  '' ... ca n't be '' . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  i mean yeah , he 's a player , a dictator and someone who 's looking after his own interests first and foremost .
