too bad you usually just get an incompetent dictator , who has much more power than the incompetent democrat to fuck up things . 
  alternatively get rid of snake . 
  then get rid of cockroach . 
  then get rid of spider . 
  continue getting rid of , until governed by a mostly acceptable animal like walrus . 
  the percent of people living in poverty does n't work very well when trying to compare countries with each other . 
  for example a poor person living in a developed country is very likely to have some kind of education , plenty of food , roof over head , running water etc. 
  while a poor person in africa will be struggling to even stay alive . 
  better tool for comparing countries would be some kind of development index , such as [ human development index ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index ) . 
  us has estimated rank 5 on year 2013 , while russia is ranked 57 , which is lower than countries such as argentina , uruguay , oman and belarus . 
  it is plausible to expect that russia 's placement is going to drop even lower when numbers for year 2015 are eventually available . 
  edit : you 're of course correct that the percent itself is n't especially high . 
  i used to have growing respect for russian it products . 
  however last couple of years have been pretty devastating for russia 's general reputation and the way i look at anything coming from there . 
  at the moment knowing that a company or product is from russia would merely give me a better opportunity to boycott it . 
  so yeah , it might not be a good idea to strongly market your company with russian naming and background . 
  i can somewhat agree with that . 
  we should be increasing our defense spending , because even with nato we still need to be able to reasonably slow down the russian juggernaut and make them pay for every kilometer while waiting for the backup . 
  as a finn i have to say that living next to russia feels pretty lonely without nato backup . 
  putin has lately turned from a greedy autocrat into a jingoist dictator . 
  sure , eu membership does give us some safety , but it 's more political and economical in nature . 
  eu countries do have some military might , but it 's hard to find the political will to actually use it against russia if it started limited aggression towards one member ( such as stealing gotland or \u00c5land ) . 
  this is the reason why sweden and finland need nato guarantess . 
  only a fool would fuck with nato . 
  as an american you should consider this : sweden or finland becoming a member does not cost you anything . 
  you do n't need to build any bases here or send american troops . 
  finland has a pretty big army and sweden has nice air forces and navy . 
  our nato membership would make northern europe , especially norway , more secure and less inviting target for the russians . 
  that in turn reduces the risk of war with russia . 
  and if shit actually hits the fan , you would have two more countries on your side . 
  i feel sympathy towards the kurds , but pkk is actually doing bomb strikes and assassinations . 
  those kind of `` peace '' organizations in finland were former soviet union sympathizers that never had problems with eastern weapons of peace . 
  they are still mostly against usa/nato ( edit : and domestic military ) , and keep pretty tight lips when it comes to russian aggression . 
  are they the same in sweden ? 
  most likely when first time happens in finland , we 're going to follow in their foot steps . 
   i guess he meant did n't send waves of immigrants . 
  exactly . 
  our good eastern neighbors spared us from all of those things , and i 'm thankful to them for that . 
  they did n't annex our country after ww2 , send waves of russian immigrants to replace our population , put our people to camps or ruin our economy with communism . 
  so ... thanks . 
  much appreciated . 
  why export when can occupy ? 
  russia rich . 
  much happiness . 
  same thing happened in finland when russia started to ban our food exports . 
  all this crying about how we are losing money and jobs because of ukraine , and that we should just take care of our business and let russia do what it wants . 
  in future if russia ended up attacking finland , these same people would be the first ones to bitch and moan that nobody is helping us . 
  some people are just unbelievable ... 
  same in finland . 
  gun crimes are pretty rare in finland . 
  for a normal person it 's almost impossible to wind up in a situation where someone is waving a gun around . 
  of course that does n't mean gun crimes do n't exist , there are occasional bank robberies , murders , drunken guys shooting at booze gnomes etc. 
  lying is n't a form of patriotism , it 's just lying . 
  and do note that this clip was n't even from a western news source , it was from al jazeera . 
   officials say blooms from the netherlands , which supplies much of russia 's $ 2.5 billion flower market , pose safety risks because they may be infected . 
  ... why do they always need to invent these crazy reasons ? 
  best performing currency of 2015 !, 
  as a finn i think i would feel most at home in estonia , so that was a definite pick for me . 
  plus estonian weather must be better than ours , so ... also the it sector is doing well . 
  other picks were czech ( cheap and great beer ! ), 
  and poland ( not sure why !, 
  that 's an interesting and a very pragmatic way to see things , and in many ways i can agree with it . 
  it 's true that many of the choices made down the road ended up having bad results , and that things could have gone better for all parties involved . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
   i and most russians i know like greek people very much , orthodox brothers and all that stuff orthodox brothers , huh . 
  i 'm sure ukrainians are currently just loving how heir orthodox , slavic big brother is showing them his love . 
  sorry for the off topic , i just could n't resist . 
  i suppose so . 
  but when you remove the moral aspects from the story and just list causalities , it 's easy to make the mistake of seeing the original action as one the one that caused the whole thing ( ie . 
  taking away responsibility from later actions ) . 
  this would , in effect , mean that the wife should n't have tried to leave - she forced her husband to hit her . 
  likewise ukrainians should n't have changed regime - russia was forced to act like it did . 
  very well then , let me adjust my analogy . 
  * `` the wife would n't have gotten beaten to hospital by her husband , if she had n't tried to leave him . 
  '' * edit : typo . 
  that 's like saying it 's the wife 's fault for getting beaten to hospital by her husband , because she tied to leave him . 
  they ... already had democracy . 
  a severely corrupt democracy , but still a democracy . 
  and the economic problems did n't come with the change of regime , but with crimea being stolen , russia starting a `` civil '' war in eastern ukraine and messing with the trade . 
   explain why the dog analogy is terrible ? 
  it 's terrible because crimea is n't a poor doggie who misses his owner . 
  it 's terrible because the analogy relies on emotional crap to justify a military action and land grab . 
  it 's terrible because it conveys the idea that russia was for some reason entitled to have crimea , and it misses the point that the original dog owner was ready to use even violence to get the dog back . 
  hell , putin himself said that they were ready to use nuclear weapons to get crimea !, 
   so you consider crimea to be the property of the ukrainian government , not the crimean people ? 
  how democratic of you . 
  i believe that crimeans do have right to say in which country they would like to live in . 
  that does n't give any right for another country to come and grab the land without paying for it . 
  russia blatantly stole crimea , it 's buildings and it 's resources that belonged to the citizens of whole ukraine . 
   crimea should n't have been theirs in the first place . 
  it belongs to the crimeans , who want to be russian . 
  right . 
  tell that to people living in russian caucasus . 
  yeah , i agree that the rape analogy was bad . 
  the dog analogy is pretty awful too . 
  but the fact is that you ca n't sugarcoat a greedy land grab by just saying things like '' * to be fair , no matter how look at it russia has a better claim to crimea * '' and '' * it 's better for everyone involved * '' . 
  it was a dick move , it was illegal and immoral , and it almost started a war between two countries . 
  russia is n't even prepared to pay compensation for the stealing . 
  instead they 're now fucking up eastern ukraine and ukrainian economy . 
  putin 's such an asshole .
