  they in all purposes could tell us `` that man is n't acceptable for us to be your president '' . 
  it was humiliating , but at least it kept us safe . 
  after su collapsed , russia was too weak for a while to be a problem . 
  we even thought they might become a normal , peaceful nation and a good neighbor . 
  then they started getting strong again and got back into their usual shitty ways . 
  ukrainians know what i 'm talking about . 
  finland needs nato . 
  please bring crimea and peace back to ukraine . 
  you creepy fuck . 
  the latter one . 
  you ca n't fix `` dutch disease '' just by getting rid of foreign imports and investments . 
  you would need to make your products actually competitive via large legal and economical reforms , which include liberalization of the economy , removing harmful bureaucracy , strengthening the rule of law and getting rid of the corruption . 
  that has n't really been happening in russia , more like the opposite . 
  availability of resources is not enough by itself . 
  country must also have knowledge of how to make use of those resources in a cost effective way , a developed infrastructure to support this and government system that does n't impede with business . 
  it 's doubtful if any country in the world would succeed going down the autarky road , and russia most certainly wo n't . 
  also ca n't ever forget how before all their `` sacrifices in wwii '' happened , they had themselves invaded baltics , half of poland and had tried the same shit with finland . 
  and after those `` sacrifices in wwii '' , they had no qualms about forcing half of europe under their tyranny . 
  haha , zerohedge . 
  crap . 
  it seems to happen every time ukraine 's economy is in the news . 
  it 's like somebody is trying to paint a negative picture or something . 
  after that occasion russia has stolen crimea and de facto occupied parts of eastern ukraine . 
  in practice it 's like borrowing money from someone who then mugged you . 
  proven , how ? 
  have you seen the video ? 
  she does it three times , and each time it seems like she does it deliberately . 
  i would rather reform the eu into something better and fix the parts that are broken . 
  leaving eu would mean finland is all alone and vulnerable to pressure from russia . 
  it would n't take long for us to slide back to the good years of finlandization and being russia 's bitch . 
  yes , we made poor russia attack fascist georgia and ukraine . 
  damn we are so evil . 
  we should stop sanctions and just ask what russians want and give it to them so they stay happy . 
  so ... it was germany 's fault ussr invaded baltics , half of poland and tried the same with finland ? 
  soviet union invaded half of poland , estonia , latvia , lithuania etc. 
  and tried the same with finland . 
  soviet union is an aggressor , same as germany , and has no moral high ground on the matter , none . 
   there was cooperation between the nazi 's and the soviets in the invasion of poland but ... there was such cooperation ? 
  they even had a deal about how to partition poland . 
  if someone pulled shit like that to me or people i care about , i would want him or her pay for it . 
  you just do n't go tripping or kicking strangers , especially ones who are carrying children . 
  i 'm not sure what was going through her head when she did it . 
  was she thinking it 's okay because they 're just refugees and not `` real people '' like herself ? 
  the writer , omer celik , is turkey 's minister for european union affairs . 
  his whole job is to support turkey 's interests towards eu , and his direct boss is erdogan . 
  it 's pretty much guaranteed that he is living in a different reality bubble than the people of eu are . 
  russia 's export composition is symptom of a common and very troublesome problem , called [ resource curse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/resource_curse ) . 
  not many resource rich countries have managed to avoid it , and australia and norway belong to those few . 
  usually to escape the curse you need to have a long history of working democratic process in order to have balances and checks to keep rule of law working , and some long term planning and willingness to diversify your economy , battle corruption and invest into education . 
  russia has pretty much failed in all aspects except in education . 
  i do n't think they 're going to be exclusive of each other , more like finally gathering the dormant strength of eu nations ( and then some ? ), 
  together , in addition to the nato layer of mutual protection . 
  it 's going to be an interesting process for sure , considering for example that finland and sweden are n't part of nato and norway is n't part of eu . 
  hooray for denmark , i suppose ? 
  it 's funny how he ( purposefully , most likely ) does n't seem to understand the current mood in europe , at all . 
  people are pissed at putin for bringing back war and instability into our doorsteps . 
  as long as putin continues his tyrannical and warmongering way , support for ending sanctions wo n't grow big . 
   putin is a man of peace and accepts affronts in order to save life . 
   except for putin 's response to the georgian attack on south ossetia , the world is accustomed to seeing putin rely on diplomacy . 
  haha , this guy is pure comedy !, 
  and the globalresearch.ca itself is a russian propaganda site that has pretty much zero journalistic standards or ethics . 
  in finland it 's legal to do abortion during the first 11 weeks . 
  i would imagine we are n't a very uncommon case . 
  yeah , it might not be about money and he 's just retard . 
  btw , how is russia doing ? 
  oh ... well , good luck with that ... 
  i think it could work , if it really really meant proper annual payments , lasting peace in the eastern ukraine and return of trade and other economical ties between the countries . 
  but all of those things would be against what putin thinks is in russian interests , so it 's not going to happen . 
  russia will keep banging his head against the wall just to annoy the ex living next door who had the balls to leave him . 
  perhaps you should have linked to those primary sources then instead of zerohedge ? 
  zerohedge is pretty much opinion based blog site whose writers usually seem to have zero experience about the things they are writing about . 
  this article is actually written by someone called `` secular investor '' . 
  sounds like a trustworthy journalist , yes ? 
  i assume when he thinks about all those glorious sacrifices , he likes to forget how soviet union attacked poland , finland , estonia , latvia and lithuania , and how soviet union pretty much occupied eastern europe after the war ended and doomed them into dictatorial communism . 
  but hey , do n't let history get in the way of those russian soldier sacrifices . 
  zerohedge ... 
  totally untrustworthy pro-russian crap site , useless as a news source . 
  things like ideology or religion do n't much matter when it comes to being selfish and corrupt . 
  i bet that even when you rise to the top of humanitarian organizations , you will find more and more people who are only doing it for the money , benefits and power . 
  you ca n't really compare times of yeltsin to putin . 
  yeltsin was given the remnants of a broken country that was going through full economic , social and political disaster . 
  putin certainly did n't get a good situation either , but it was way , way better than what yeltsin had in his hands . 
  if you could switch the places of yeltsin and putin around in time , i can pretty much guarantee that putin would be one of russia 's most hated historical leaders and yeltsin was the golden man whose reign saw great growth in the economy . 
  still subsidized ? 
  wtf ? 
  i went to read the citations thinking you might be exaggerating even a little bit . 
  i apologize , i was wrong . 
  100 % cunt . 
  as a finn , i 100 % agree . 
  and so do the rest of us . 
  whenever i see ` desant ' johan b\u00e4ckman in news , i prepare to facepalm , hard . 
  so far i 've never been disappointed . 
  he says the most idiotic and false things without any hesitation . 
  i 'm not sure if he is a chronic liar , someone with hardcore russian fetish or if he just has money and/or power interests in the matter . 
  most likely all of these things . 
  russian news like to use him , because he gives exactly the comments they need for their pro-putin agenda . 
   mao makes stalin look like ghandi . 
  no he does n't . 
  mao , stalin and hitler were all fucked up men who did evil shit to millions of people . 
  none of them looks like gandhi , no matter what comparison you end up using .
