  surely it can not be just putin ? 
  but i forget . 
  there is no alternative to putin . 
  chechnya was about getting independence after soviet union collapse . 
  donetsk is yet another post-soviet area that russia tries to first dislodge away from another country , then annex it into itself . 
  yes , thank you !, 
  * this * is the very image putin wants to paint . 
  there is no alternative to putin . 
  do not try to replace him . 
  all alternatives are bad . 
  keep putin in power . 
  help him to rule . 
  he is your best bet . 
  all other choices are bad . 
  there is no alternative to putin . 
  repeat after me . 
  there is no alternative to putin . 
  agreed . 
  i think this `` there is no alternative to putin '' is one of those myths that is spread around often , especially by the putinist trolls . 
  sure , there is n't an alternative right now , because they get systematically killed , ridiculed , blackmailed or blocked in other ways . 
  but the very moment putin dies there 's going to be dozens of alternatives . 
  hopefully one of the more sane ones will come into power . 
  sure , that makes sense . 
  lets first abandon the best source of stability and security for europe we 've ever had , and * then * start trying to build another solution that will surely be up and running in ten years . 
  i 'm sure russia would never try to abuse such a time of transition . 
  it 's up to the judges to decide . 
  so yeah , it 's pretty arbitrary , and in theory could be used to shut down groups that oppose the government . 
  on the other hand , the resistance movement is a pretty scumbag organization with militant aims , so i 'm not too sad to see them go . 
  there 's an interesting ted talk about automation 's effects on jobs . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcxcnurokjo it does seem that automation is n't causing rise in unemployment , at least not currently , but it is changing the available jobs in a way that can be problematic to the society . 
  the high paying jobs are increasing , i.e. 
  jobs for well educated and talented professionals doing things that have high requirements and thus can not be automated . 
  also the badly paying jobs are increasing , i.e. 
  those that have pretty much no requirements and are so low paying that it 's not cost effective to automate them . 
  the jobs that are decreasing are those medium paying jobs that lie somewhere in between , and which have traditionally belonged to the middle class . 
  he also goes on to say that this change is something that we need to react to , in order to keep the problems under control . 
  it 's not just something that we can let happen in autopilot and trust everything 's going to be all right . 
  for example the shift from agricultural jobs into industrial ones happened alongside with huge educational investments , which in turn helped the possibly very problematic transition to be a successful one . 
  could you cite your sources ? 
  according to the following link , allowing gay marriages does not seem to correlate in any meaningful way with antidepressant usage , as far as i can see . 
  then stop contributing to the problem . 
  treat people with opposing values and thoughts with respect , and try to find out how their thought process works , and try to explain your views to them in calm and rational way . 
  stop calling people racists , leftists , nazis , idiots , sjw etc. . . also note that i mean people in general , not you specifically . 
  i have no idea how you act . 
  even if a treaty was signed , not much would change . 
  russia and separatist states would continue the conflict to keep ukraine destabilized . 
  it 's just a plot to make ukraine give up more land without fight and to make ukrainians lose their fighting spirit . 
  my opinion : * strongest military alliance on earth * mostly comprised of nations that share the same western democratic values * has proven track record of keeping members safe from external aggression * most eu countries already belong to it * original and current goal is to keep members safe especially from russian aggression * our army is already compatible with nato standards . 
  to me it seems to have check marks on all of the things required for a good defensive alliance . 
  it 's like living next door to a big bully that likes to fuck up people , and hoping he 's not going after you any time soon . 
  why would he pick * you * , when there 's georgie , uriah and others first in line . 
  he 's like rational and stuff when he chooses who 's getting it next . 
  it 's not that clear cut at all . 
  nato members themselves choose to get themselves tangled with american wars even when it 's not necessary . 
  also , nato collectively is much , much stronger than eu army could ever be . 
  usa is overwhelmingly strong compared to the rest , but also countries like canada , australia and turkey bring much needed strength and geopolitical capabilities . 
  finland should be part of both . 
  also because of our conscription , we have the hidden cost of using something between 0,5 to 1 year out of young men 's lives . 
  that time could and in many cases would be used for education or working . 
  if you take that into the calculation , things start to even out somewhat . 
  just so that you know , i did n't like it at all when usa attacked iraq . 
  it was stupid and illegal , and it should n't have been done . 
  but i do care about russia 's actions more . 
  why ? 
  because russia is a neighbor of my country . 
  because russia is waging war against another european nation . 
  because i personally despise putin and everything he stands for , and how he is dragging russia down with him . 
  i also dislike how putin is a lying snake , who tries to turn truths into lies and lies into truths . 
  and because i care what happens to ukraine and ukrainians . 
  yes , i think you are correct on this . 
  putin most likely would n't directly annex those areas even if they were given up by ukraine , but just keep them as loyal and dependent puppet states . 
  the conflict itself would still keep on going , because putin needs it for those purposes that you mentioned . 
  he would also probably agree to donetsk and luhansk going back to ukraine as long as ukraine is feredalized . 
  that would ensure whole ukraine being politically compromised and divided in a way that forever keeps it going into nato or eu . 
  this is what xcom 2 tried to warn us about !, 
  it 's not like putin will just stop if you give him those areas . 
  it would allow him to easily annex those parts and then continue the conflict at new border regions . 
  be it as may , you still ca n't just invade parts of other nations with your armed troops , even if part of the local population wants that . 
  it 's still a theft backed by use of violence . 
  mostly surveillance and espionage . 
  also sabotage and similar things gets easier during time of conflict , when you got a base of operations right next to the target . 
  just remember this moment next week , when he 's taken yet another 180 turn and wants to end sanctions . 
  countries ca n't change over night , that 's for sure . 
  i agree with you that it can take decades of small steps to turn country into something much better for it 's citizens than it used to be . 
  but i 'm not sure i agree with how you see the direction where russia is going . 
  for me , it seems like russia is n't taking those small steps at all . 
  if you compare it to 90 's russia , then of course it 's now better . 
  a lot better . 
  the country had pretty much collapsed economically , it 's leaders and businessmen were looting what they could and normal people suffered enormously . 
  getting better from that situation is a given , at least when you are n't in a third world country . 
  and russia is n't one , it 's a country that once rivaled usa in going to space !, 
  it was destined for great things . 
  but when it comes to the russia of today , and the russia of 10 years ago ... from an outsider 's view , it almost seems to be going worse . 
  people 's liberties are degrading , democracy is a joke , corruption is a big problem , economy is still dependent on oil prices and diversification is n't happening , money is wasted on building up military and on security apparatus ... people are n't even feeling safe , because putin is making nato and eu seem like enemies , and he is trying to get rid of some kind of imaginary fifth column that is supposedly betraying russia . 
  i just do n't see how this imaginary pls index is growing ... putin should be making it grow . 
  he should be leading his people into better future . 
  yet he is n't . 
  he is creating internal and external conflicts to mask how he is unable or unwilling to make russia better . 
  he is turning into this bitter old man that does everything he can to cling to power , and he is slowly but surely dragging russia down with him . 
  i really hope that i 'm wrong , and the russia of 2030 is a country where people have their freedoms , prosperity and safety .
