  naturally nato has to protect the baltics then , but that 's the whole point of nato from the very start - to protect europe from the threat from the aggression of soviet union / russia . 
   yes because recent times russia asked for nato permission . 
  it 's one thing to violate airspace with a fast fighter jet by flying across the border zone for a moment . 
  it 's completely another thing to actually go through the whole airspace , especially with a relatively slow cargo plane . 
  the plane will have to turn back , or be dropped from the air with missiles . 
  it does n't matter if they contribute much in absolute numbers . 
  still it 's better to have them part of nato to help us than to be russian puppets and help the enemy . 
  in a way they do . 
  by controlling them russia would gain easier access to kaliningrad and overall better control over the baltic sea . 
  and just by existing as part of the nato , the baltic states are denied from the russian sphere of influence . 
  if a war started , the baltics would also have to be occupied by russian army , which would demand troops and other resources . 
  so it 's much better to have them as part of nato than as russian puppets . 
  holy cow , if there was one thing i would n't expect anybody to accuse zhirinovsky of , it 's his moderateness . 
  puts things into perspective , i guess ... 
  there were foreign gunmen in control of the area and of counting the votes , and all kinds of opposing political campaigning was pretty much impossible under the circumstances . 
  there even was n't an option to stay part of ukraine . 
  there was nothing democratic about the referendum . 
  in all fairness these things happened before the first world war , when the world was quite a bit different ... 
  i assume us would n't like it . 
  still a scenario like this is no excuse for russia to invade crimea and manufacture a civil war in east ukraine . 
  that could actually be a weird but funny way to make a comfortable living . 
  it could be interesting to try to do it , while at the same time trying to hold on to your morals . 
  i would imagine best way to do so would be to get enough popularity to pump out money from putin , but also blurt out moronic things in interviews and such at the most unfortunate times . 
  this way you never actually win enough political power to do any good for putin , and you make your supporters look as retarded as you do yourself . 
  you also steal momentum from those russian puppets who could do some real damage . 
  now that i think about it , johan b\u00e4ckman and his kin are starting to make more sense . 
  basic income is n't really meant to solve the income problem . 
  we already have things like unemployment benefits , which does essentially the same thing , ie . 
  give just enough money to keep on living , if not very comfortably . 
  basic income is more of a solution to two other problems . 
  1 ) the need of high amount of bureaucracy which costs money and frustrates people . 
  2 ) incentive problems , which are caused by loosing your unemployment benefit when you take a job , even a small one . 
  especially number two is a nasty one , because people decide it 's better to not work at all because working might be too risky or give you just barely more money at the cost of a lot of your free time . 
  the problem is that while he is predictable , he is still a lying cunt . 
  you can not trust a lying cunt . 
  you can not make contracts with a lying cunt . 
  you can not make deals with a lying cunt . 
  it 's all worthless , because he will promise something and then go do the exact opposite thing . 
  when asked about his actions he will continue to lie to the very end , never admitting that he lied to you . 
  at some point you are starting to question your own sanity , and that 's when the lying cunt has won . 
  this is like a bully who beats the crap out of someone , then feels provoked because others are training what to do if the bully decides to strike again . 
   because all enemies of liberty and freedom will eventually go down , it 's like fighting a wave . 
   because all enemies of the working class will eventually go down , it 's like fighting a wave . 
   because all enemies of the common people will eventually go down , it 's like fighting a wave . 
   because all enemies of our nation will eventually go down , it 's like fighting a wave . 
   because all enemies of the aryan race will eventually go down , it 's like fighting a wave . 
   because all enemies of the emperor will eventually go down , it 's like fighting a wave . 
   because all enemies of the god will eventually go down , it 's like fighting a wave . 
  each as scary as the other . 
  we 've already seen russia using military force against two of it 's neighbors , so more aggression seems possible . 
  it seems like a good idea to bring some extra protection to make attack even less likely and more costly . 
  yes , poland has asked them for this purpose and us delivered . 
  please do n't quote me partly and try to build a straw man of it . 
   `` but * in many ways * our country was a puppet of soviet union '' which bears the meaning that we were n't literally a puppet , but resembled one in more than one aspects . 
  we could n't freely pick our president , we could n't leave yya treaty , we could n't join nato etc. 
  sure we had us influence too , it was cold war after all and finland was one of those places where agents of both sides could operate relatively freely . 
  but to compare that to the amount of influence that soviet union had over finland 's political decision making is laughable , and you know it . 
  `` note crisis '' is a good example of how hard times we had trying to navigate around soviet control . 
  that 's rich coming from you . 
  any topic that is about russia , you are always defending their actions , always trying to `` gray out '' things until good becomes bad , bad becomes good and things lose their original meaning . 
  when people criticize your `` facts '' , you tend to lose your temper and start throwing insults around . 
  i suppose it 's possible , but it seems very unlikely when it comes to nato . 
  it 's a voluntary defense alliance by ( mostly ) democratic ( mostly ) western countries . 
  times of finlandization were n't good . 
  sure , we got money from both sides , but in many ways our country was a puppet of soviet union . 
  we had to approve our presidents by soviet union . 
  we had to walk really tight rope when thinking what our political leadership can say or do . 
  soviet critical movies were banned . 
  soviet critical people had hard time rising up in hierarchy . 
  i would rather take sides than experience that again . 
  you are misunderstanding me . 
  having good relations with neighbors is a really good thing , and it 's the basic building block for having peace and prosperity . 
  i would * love * to have good relations with russia . 
  i absolutely do . 
  however you must realize it 's just rhetoric when one side is abusing this bilateral trust building and making of compromises . 
  putin keeps saying he wants to have good relations with west , but is in all actually is doing steps in completely opposite direction . 
  the further we go appeasing him and giving into his demands , the more he thinks we are fools . 
  if we have time to mobilize . 
  which is a big , big if . 
  ukraine did n't have that time before crimea was stolen and shit was in the fan in the eastern parts . 
  i mostly agree , at least on principle if not on all points . 
  if we get enough of time to mobilize our reserves and place them , i think we could give a good fight for a week or more . 
  but the thing is , do we have time for mobilization ? 
  and even if we do have time , what good does it do for us to slow down enemy for couple of weeks in best case scenario if no outside help is going to arrive ? 
  this is the reason why we need nato . 
  to actually get help when it 's needed the most . 
  another reason for nato membership is that it makes war so much less likely in the first place . 
  georgia was n't in nato , and look at what happened to them . 
  ukraine was n't in nato . 
  what 's next , belarus ? 
  if eu disintegrates , times are going to get really uncomfortable for finland . 
  what you list is the most easiest to spot propaganda , and persons like that can be dismissed as putin-bought collaborators . 
  they are meant to look like fools , and can convince only the biggest fools in the population . 
  their job is to make kremlin 's propaganda to look blunt and simple , so that the real ways to affect minds goes unseen . 
  it gets much more difficult , when the arguments go to something more reasonable like `` we need to build good relations to russia and understand their needs . 
  we need to cooperate and compromise with russia . 
  we can not get crimea back . 
  crimeans wanted to join russia even if the referendum was n't legal . 
  sanctions are hurting our economy . 
  joining nato would provoke russia even worse .
