  russia stealing crimea is like a vaccine that you do n't want ? 
  sure , he said ` is not acceptable ' . 
  he also said :  to be fair , no matter how look at it russia has a better claim to crimea than ukraine ever did . 
   ... but now that it 's already inside russia again it 's better for everyone involved except for the ethnic minority of ukrainians continuing the rape analogy , that 's like saying `` sure it was wrong of him to rape you , but now that it 's happened it 's best for everyone if you keep the child and you marry him '' . 
  to be fair , no matter how look at it turkey has a better claim to crimea than russia ever did . 
  sure , taking it from them by using a subversive invasion is not acceptable , but once that it 's inside turkey again it 's better for everyone involved except for the ethnic minority of russians . 
  people who vote for paavo year after year do n't really know much about the world , but they do know they do n't want anything to do with it . 
  yikes , i suppose it 's some kind of a rule that there must be certain amount of crazy people in each country . 
  what warmongers , where ? 
  i do n't know a single finn who wants to see a war , especially not with russia who has craptons of tanks , planes and nuclear missiles . 
  but i do know several finns who want to join nato so we would be safe from our `` peaceful '' neighbor . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your point or the relevancy of those charts ? 
  irish , germans or us finnish have not gotten any debt relief nor are we expecting to get one . 
  sure we finns have too much debt and getting more of it , but we know that in the end we have to get our finances back to good shape by ourselves . 
  however , if greece and later others got debt relief , it would be a bad example and just encourage us to spend more money , not less . 
  with debt relief there comes the problem of not only losing a lot of money , but also showing a bad example for other euro countries in bad economic situations . 
  what are the incentives for them to try making politically painful but in the long run much needed reforms , when you can just keep on spending and in the end demand debt relief ? 
  poor title , hostile attitude , erroneous arguments . 
  waste of time to even reply this much . 
  the attitudes and general quality of comments in / r/russia make me feel sick . 
  it is truly the land of putin and neo-imperial russia worshippers . 
  you have listened to kremlin propaganda well , comrade . 
    if finland joined , nato 's ground border with russia would double . 
  the baltic sea would be surrounded by nato , with russia only having kaliningrad and st. petersburg area . 
  this would definitely lead to russian counter measures and further military preparation , not to mention ruining finland 's political connection to kremlin . 
  this would lead to increased security for all non-russian countries in the baltic sea . 
  russia ability to maneuver would be severely limited . 
  any aggression could be met from several directions in the area . 
  also , finland has no special political connection to kremlin . 
  we are already part of eu , which means we are the enemy like everybody else . 
   i for one do not want russian nukes aimed at finland aiming nukes to something is a marketing ploy - it does n't mean anything . 
  they can be moved pretty much instantly to anywhere else . 
   i also do n't see how nato would be able to effectively help against a full invasion or even a strategic strike . 
  nato intelligence would be available within first couple of hours of the crisis . 
  usa alone has the biggest air force in the world , and other nato countries have sizable amounts of planes . 
  they can be used to support finnish troops within first 24 hours , if not sooner . 
  nato carriers , warships and cruisers would be not too far behind , followed by air and sea transported troops and tanks within first week . 
  flow of ammunition , food and equipment would be continuing through the war . 
  i would call all of this very effective help . 
   i 'm pretty sure finland does n't have any claims in the arctic region . 
  i 'm pretty sure you have to have a border with the arctic to even be able to pretend that you have any claims there . 
  true . 
  we used to have thought . 
  then soviet union did it 's magic . 
  bastards . 
  we should absolutely join nato . 
  russia 's been going down a dark road for a while now and things only seem to be worsening . 
  i would get insurances now when it 's still possible . 
  i do n't want us to relive winter war all alone again . 
  our eu membership in any case ties our fate together with the western world . 
  russia already considers us to be in league with their enemies , so our lack of nato membership only makes us seem like the weakest link to go after if putin starts to believe military action would be ` rational for russian interests ' . 
  countries like norway and denmark are fine examples for us to follow . 
  they are peaceful and safe nato members that give nothing to worry to their neighbors and are well protected form any outside aggression . 
  i do n't know . 
  why would you ever invade a country that is slavic , orthodox , shares common culture and history with you and in general has been good friend to russians ? 
  if you 're ready to fuck them over , why would we assume you wo n't do even worse to us ? 
  you sir , are a liar !, 
  current inflation rate is absolutely horrible and is sloooooooowly getting less horrible : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/inflation-cpi current ruble to dollar value is not horrible , just really bad : http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=usd&amp;to=rub&amp;view=5y current interest rate of 12.5 % is awful : http://www.themoscowtimes.com/article/521769.html current loss of -4.3 % gdp is terrible : http://www.forbes.com/sites/paulroderickgregory/2015/05/29/the-russian-decline-is-accelerating-gdp-down-4-3-in-1q15/ these are n't normal values . 
  they 're values for a nation that is in a crisis . 
  i do n't actually see it as a certainty or even very likely . 
  i see it like something that could realistically happen , if things get fucked up enough . 
  in my mind some of the factors are : * if russia can get enough easy wins through the use of military force , they will think it 's a good idea in the future too . 
  they 've already had georgia , crimea and now eastern ukraine . 
  * shared border with russia makes finland a valid target . 
  * lack of big russian minority makes finland less likely target . 
  * proximity with st. petersburg makes us more likely target . 
  * our strategic position in the baltic sea makes us more likely target . 
  * eu membership gives finland sort of good protection , because attacking us would mean directly messing with eu , including germany , france and uk . 
  * lack of nato membership makes finland seem like the weakest link in eu , because there 's not going to be any promised military help . 
  in any case i do n't want to think just about finland here . 
  unchecked aggression in europe is a bad , bad thing . 
  we must nip it in the bud before it gets worse . 
  i can concur , there was a finnish flair for at least a moment . 
  not any more though . 
  while a referendum could be seen as ideal , there are still some major problems ... * crimea and eastern ukraine is controlled by russians or a militia backed by them . 
  they would never allow a neutral referendum without manipulation . 
  * even if they allowed it , would it still be truthful ? 
  plenty of the people have fled the areas , especially those who did n't sympathize with the invaders . 
  * even if they allowed it and it was truthful , it could still only be negative to ukraine and positive to russia . 
  ukrainians would lose lands that belong to their country without any compensation . 
  * in the future russians would want to have these same kind of referendums in estonia , latvia , kazakhstan ... and it 's not like they would let same kind of referendums happen in chechnya , ingushetia etc. 
  pre-emptive strike would be stupid , but i would love to see general scooby-doo . 
  the problem with this attitude is that when it 's our turn to get fucked over by the russian juggernaut ( again ) , there 's not going to be many who shed tears for us and even less who will offer their support when we most need it . 
  absolutely not , that would be utter foolishness and road to ruin for all parties involved . 
  we want to avoid war , but we also want russia to stop it 's war against ukraine . 
  that is the reason the sanctions exist . 
  personally i believe we should increase them and also send weapons and trainers to ukraine to help them protect themselves better . 
  and you still have n't answered what you think that we actually should be doing . 
  so ... is your answer that we should be doing nothing and just let ukrainians stand alone in their struggle ? 
  to me it seems like a repeat of what happened to finland in winter war . 
  all alone against a superior enemy , hoping for help that never comes . 
  it 's all about incentives . 
  if we did nothing at all putin would be more likely to use militaristic approach in the future . 
  but i suppose you are right . 
  we should be doing much , much more . 
  i personally believe that sanctions should be increased , finland and sweden should join nato as soon as possible and that eu should send advanced weapons support to ukraine . 
  how would you manage the situation ? 
  let russia do what it wishes with ukraine without any punishment ? 
  or send european troops and/or weapons to ukraine to help against the invader ? 
  or something else ?
