  a country whose citizens do n't feel the need to bully their neighbors to feel good about themselves . 
  a country that can be part of leading the whole mankind towards better direction . 
  he sure is a man who can change the world around him . 
  it 's too bad that he has n't and is n't going to channel that power for creating a peaceful , technocratic democracy where ordinary russians can enjoy prosperity , liberty and safety . 
  i suppose it 's normal that strong leaders fail to do those things , because being an enlightened ruler is hard , and usually against that ruler 's personal interests . 
  i wonder how much different russia would be , had it found such a leader instead of putin . 
  i 've been surprised how much pro-russian economy writings they 've had in past couple of years . 
  they seem to be going with the usual agenda , i.e sanctions are n't hurting that much , economy is soon getting better , russian companies are doing ok , local investment is in all time high ... 
  i 'm not sure if it 's just couple of their journalists , or if they have actual policy for that . 
  it 's weird in any case , and notably different from other western sources . 
  well yes , you 're right . 
  it is originally french , but it has become to finland from russian language through the cultural exchange . 
  how it 's going to be funded and if it 's feasible at all is the main problem with this whole thing . 
  there are some calculations , but they tend to vary a lot in their results . 
  the basic idea is to pay it by raising income tax , so at certain point of income you become `` income tax neutral '' , i.e. 
  all of the basic income you get is actually paid by your own taxes . 
  however since not all people can get enough income to do it , naturally the taxation of those who are working needs to be high enough to pay for those who are not . 
  how high the taxation needs to be is dependent upon how high the basic income is . 
  there 's a very real risk that the taxation needs to go up to unbearable levels if the basic income is set to too big . 
  on the other hand if the basic income is too low , people wo n't have enough money to live . 
  so it gets kinda complicated . 
  there 's some hope that the incentives to take any kind of work will make unemployment go down , which would save in costs . 
  also in the long run reduction in bureaucracy could save money . 
  huh , til finnish word ` remontti ' has it 's origins from russian language . 
  i like it !, 
  gets the job done , nothing too fancy . 
   if a beneficiary gets a full-time position , the payment stops ? 
  no , it 's not like unemployment benefits . 
  payment of basic income does not stop even if you get full time job . 
  that 's why it does not have the same built-in problems that the unemployment benefits have . 
   how do they plan to adjust for inflation ? 
  do people have to beg for it , if the money is n't enough for a ( decent ) living in 10 years ? 
  it 's still just an experiment , so there 's no information on the matter or even decisions made . 
  however , one would expect it to work same as other benefits do , i.e. 
  they get inflation checks every now and then . 
   another humane thing to do is to not take away other people 's possessions by force . 
  okay , i can understand your point of view on the matter . 
  and for the sake of argument , lets say that i agree . 
  my money belongs to me . 
  the question still remains , even if i do n't want to give any money for those people , would it still be in my best interest to do so ? 
  if you have out there enough people with no money , food , medicine , home , education and hope , what 's going to happen ? 
  can i walk safely outside , or am in fear of getting mugged ? 
  can i sleep well , or is there risk of somebody breaking in my house to get food for his kids ? 
  are there going to be people out there selling drugs because that 's their only source of income ? 
  are people burning tires at streets and throwing rocks at police because they want to break down current social order ? 
  now if i have to choose to pay money for more security services , like police , or to pay that money to give people basic income , then basic income starts to make a lot of sense . 
   i would argue there . 
  enabling people to find work is the only good option . 
  also , they did state in the article that `` the number of unfilled job vacancies ( is ) at its highest since 2007 '' , so this should not be that hard either . 
  i do n't know the exact numbers here so i 'm only working from what the article says . 
  finnish unemployment rate currently is pretty high 9.4 % , so finding a job is actually hard . 
  those unfulfilled job vacancies are either high requirement jobs like engineers , or super shitty jobs that nobody wants , because they pay so bad that you are hardly going to make any more money than just taking unemployment benefits . 
  you can fix this incentive problem with basic income , so that it starts again to make sense to take those bad paying jobs . 
  agreed , he 's pretty good at what he does . 
  i do n't agree his views on eu collapsing , and i would say he has at least a little bit bias ( not too much though ) on the russian side . 
  his videos are usually very interesting to watch nonetheless . 
  sure , but it 's it tends to be better to pay jobless people some money so they are n't living on streets , starving to death , doing robberies and muggings to survive , or trying to overthrow the government . 
  it 's also the humane thing to do . 
  besides , we are already paying jobless people unemployment benefits , so this basic income only replaces that . 
  basic income is better than unemployment benefits due the way their incentives work . 
  with basic income taking any job , even a short one or low paying one makes you more money . 
  with unemployment benefits taking those kinds of jobs is not very practical , because you would lose your benefits . 
  basic income also requires much less bureaucracy . 
  so between the three evils ( no money at all / unemployment benefits / basic income ) , basic income seems like the least bad option . 
  on the other hand , venezuela is n't using it 's resources to wage war , build up military and run a massive propaganda machine , nor is venezuela the target of international sanctions . 
  the differences are huge between the countries so they are not easily comparable . 
  nor is there much reason to , either . 
  eeeking 's post is correct about his main point - economy can ** always ** go even worse . 
  there is no reason to assume that russian economy * must * have reached some kind of floor , because there is n't one . 
  this exactly . 
  soviet union would have survived strong and prosperous , and it 's citizens would have felt so happy , if it had just gotten some more land . 
  who needs money , when territory keeps growing . 
  because that like compensates , and stuff . 
  nice try putin . 
  more allies is better , especially when that ally is a global military superpower . 
  also do n't forget canada , australia etc. 
  surprisingly having your biggest neighbor and trading partner stealing part of your country and setting another part into a war zone does cause investors to get nervous . 
  so big thanks to putin , the cunt who brings destruction upon his slavic `` brothers '' . 
  moving abroad if you can get a higher paying job could be a great opportunity , sure . 
  russia , or moscow more precisely , could be an okay choice if you you already speak russian , especially as your mother tongue . 
  personally , even if i spoke russian , i think i would rather not move there . 
  the current political and moral atmosphere seems to be toxic , and i would rather build my life and raise children somewhere else . 
  but anyway , that 's just me . 
  i 'm sure someone else will see the conditions in russia in different light and could live a good life there . 
  do note that you will be paying double the amount of rent in moscow , at least according to that site . 
  also , moscow is sort of an aberration in russia when it comes to salaries . 
  the [ average salary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) in russia is 495 euros while in lithuania is 616 euros . 
  i doubt that nato or eu are going to just watch if serbia starts a war . 
  it 's hard to do something about it when russia gets belligerent , but serbia is much easier case . 
  but anyway , that 's just how i think things will go . 
  well good luck with that . 
  i have a feeling that serbia will get a nasty surprise . 
  i think we will have to agree to disagree . 
  even the smallest members bring something to the table . 
  and in any case having those members is fully within the original idea of nato - to protect europe from the aggression of soviet union / russia . 
  leaving them out would only make russia stronger and more dangerous . 
  it 's blocking kaliningrad , giving more control of baltic sea , gives attack options toward st. petersburg and somewhat gives protection to poland . 
  it 's definitely something that russia has to take control of at the start of war , giving some time for other countries . 
  well it 's up to nato members to choose how much resources they want to put there . 
  in any case nato will be stronger with baltics , because it 's adding resources ( manpower , economy , military power , strategic location ) to nato and denying those same resources from russia .
