  my bad . 
  see , this is how our governments should speak . 
  like the two of us . 
  instead , your guys are shouting about conspirancies and our guys think they can shout about press freedom in poland . 
  there is a german ethnic historic minority in poland . 
  there is an ( huge ) immigrant polish community in germany . 
  different things . 
  and has a pm who took full responsibility , went on tv , laid out everything honestly to his people and got reelected . 
  you should read up on last year 's shitshow before commenting on the topic . 
  i think we need certain neoliberal reforms regarding regulated professions . 
  i did n't say i prefer their candidate . 
  please read all my comments . 
  you are a member ? 
  poor thing . 
  why ca n't be have nice things :(, 
  rich * not reach . 
  sorry for being a grammar nazi . 
  that 's the problem - your government is n't showing goodwill . 
  yes , schulz said a few things wrong , i agree with that . 
  but the fact that communication between our governments broke down is not on schulz , it 's on your government 's rhetoric . 
  repeating `` but you invaded us 70 years ago '' every other week simply wo n't work . 
  we have taken responsibility for that , and it 's not the kind of things that you mention to `` a friend '' . 
  and if you want to talk symbolics , why did beata take four months to visit berlin ? 
  please tell me what 's the cooperative symbolic in that ? 
  or kaczynski saying the german minority deserves no special rights brcause polish immigrants do n't ? 
  listen , i have a pragmatic government . 
  if merkel could find a way to work with french ministers who wrote books about her being a bad bismarck , she 'll find a way to ignore all those theatrics . 
  i fully understand why pis is saying all they 're saying , but you have to understand why people on this side of the border are not happy about it . 
  i ca n't say no , you are entirely correct . 
  however , we and the swiss are supposed to be ... buddies . 
  romanians in italy have super high crime rates . 
  same here . 
  for house burglaries , you are actually the 1st group on a per-capita basis here . 
  my brother worked in zurich and ( boring-boring ) st. gallen ( his wife is from st. gallen ) . 
  he came back when his kids started growing up , because he did n't want them to grow up `` as foreigners '' . 
  the fuck are you doing swiss . 
  except , we really are better . 
  next autumn ( 2017 , not 2016 ) . 
  someone we want ? 
  in my comments , the last one should be something with `` grow up '' . 
  read up the whole comment tree there and ask if you have any questions after that . 
  correct . 
  correct . 
  * sigh *, 
  it was about sch\u00e4uble asking his people to spend hours and hours preparing a document outlining how that could happen . 
  it was the single most adventurous thing in our foreign policy in a decade . 
  and it was n't even decided by someone who had a background in foreign policy . 
  i remember those negotiations very well . 
  i 've lost too many hours of sleep over eu . 
  why are we stuck with csu ? 
  for god 's sake , this part of germany is developed and employed and educated and safe and clean and happy ... and we have csu . 
  i agree with your reasoning , i 've thought the same thing . 
  let 's wait & see how it goes . 
  steinmeier is a sweetheart . 
  as someone who 's visited rural poland and rural cr and half of greece and half of italy and most of the balkans : we have a better reputation than you think . 
  three days ago i said my friends in london & manchester felt good in the last weeks for being white and blonde , because that meant they 've only gotten a couple of passive-aggressive comments when people identified their accent in a supermarket or something . 
  i was asked by a noble brit whether i wanted to portray 2016 london as nazi germany where `` jews had to hide their ethnicity '', 
  frankly , it 's not my opinion that will decide that since we all expect a cdu-csu-spd coalition anyway . 
  i am voting for fdp ... 
  i just ca n't bring myself to vote for csu again . 
  not after last year 's mess , and not after merkel is still ignoring massive problems after nearly 11 years . 
  who is better ? 
  when you take in account the uncertainty in europe and the political vacuum , no one . 
  sch\u00e4uble would do a good job domestically , steinmeier would be an unifying figure ... but both will fail spectacularly in europe . 
  merkel will do the right thing if she decides to re-run for chancellor , and she 'll stay in office if she so desires to . 
  your opinion ? 
  we 're producing well below demand . 
  have an upvote . 
  i needed this laugh , it was a stressful day . 
  and no memory , at all , concerning the last three years . 
  it is not merkels fault france ca n't come up with anything better than hollande , sarkozy , an evil racist woman or a comvicted , corrupted 70 year old guy . 
  merkel has done her job - put aside personal attacks and preferences , and built a working relationship with hollande . 
  if needed , she 'll lose nights of sleep and work her ass off to build a working relationship with le pen . 
  you can be sure of that . 
  we have a 1000-sth paper document in a thick leather folder outlining how * greece * would leave the eurozone ( which everyone knew wo n't happen ) , and you think there 's no preparation for a brexit , which was shown to be around 50 % in the polls for the last five months ? 
  greece did n't want to leave when it could . 
  remember last year 's shitshow ? 
  which is n't saying a lot , and i 've made up my mind : i am not voting for her next year . 
  or we start taking care of our own business instead of sacrificing , again . 
  if they 're afraid for things like gay marriage , i have yet to hear someone who says that should be a eu-wide policy . 
  they are afraid they will pay for welfare recipients in other countres ? 
  then saying `` britain is our biggest ally ever '' looks even more stupid , since they just decided to leave eum, 
  you should call your government and tell them to tone their rhetorics down . 
  yes , orban , the famous russophone . 
  not if bankers want to party during the week . 
  but hey , they can find drugs and prostitutes in frankfurt so all is good . 
  you 've actually given a pretty infomative answer with sources & stuff . 
  i 'll read them on the evening ( messy day ) , but thanks a lot, 
  the deciding negotiations were between merkel , tsipras and the greek finance minister , in tusk 's office , without tusk 's presence . 
  dissj ... was having coffee with rutte during those negotiations three floors above tsipras . 
  junker was sleeping . 
  ft had a very nice article on that night , read it . 
  italy is a net contributor that never received a bailout and never ran away from european responsibilities . 
  the whole continent uses eu as a scapegoat . 
  nothing new . 
  you know what is the best thing about the refugee crisis ? 
  actually having a government dealing with domestic issues for the first time in 8 years . 
  no , he should n't have love-bombed you . 
  but he should have kept his mouth shut for all things that are none of his business . 
  i know they 've always been russophobic .
