  god help turkey *, 
  not a chance , simply because who would take that decision ? 
  merkel is in mongolia for god 's sake , and presidents of 80 million people generally do n't go around calling mps around the world asking `` can i come over bitte '' ? 
  if erdogan really wants out of the country as soon as possible , he can just fly to athens & stay there until things calm down, 
  they 've done that successfully in the past . 
  good luck capturing erdogan , the man is probably the most protected in the world after obama . 
  and then they say we ca n't project military power . 
  bitch , we throw dictators without even being aware of it !, 
  kurds do n't gain anything by military seizing power . 
  people will pray for this coup to fail in cizre & etc. 
  military coup, 
  in both possible outcomes , god help turkey, 
  no idea, 
  there are both celebrators and pro-erdogan guys . 
  the pro-erdogan crowd is at the embassy now , police just cordoned off the whole area , no info on any fights between them & the police , or them vs celebrators ... yet . 
  traffic blocked in several roads in berlin due to honking cars with turkish flags . 
  does anyone know the names of the streets blocked ? 
  and have there been any fights yet ? 
  i am not * that * worried , they always calm down after some days . 
  but god , this is bad . 
  there are never fights where i live , but fuck , nrw , frankfurt , hamburg , bremen , berlin will be a mess in the coming days . 
  dunno , watching it on tv, 
  my cousin ( offenbach ) says the same . 
  in any case , dear people , * stay the fuck out * . 
  there might be fights between different groups . 
  bbc kept it up the fuck is this, 
  like i said , perfect . 
  two big explosions in ankara, 
  plus , he has a degree . 
  the perfect kind of immigrant . 
  acc to my friend who has family there , the military in the past has tried not to mess much with foreigners , so they should allow people to get home . 
  erdogan is a democratically elected lunatic with dictatorial tendencies , but he is democratically elected, 
  and merkel is in mongolia , the fuck, 
  do n't drink if you think you 'll get drunk , try to keep your mind clear . 
  the fuck . 
  always rated him . 
   the reasons for their better success of the turks in germany starts with the fact that they were sought out to boost the german workforce , so they were reasonably wealthy , and trained . 
  although they are no longer actively sought , there is now an economically self perpetuating turkish community . 
  we took people from the most isolated places of anatolia . 
  the worst-educated ones , some not even literate . 
  considering that erdogan was actually considered a moderate & the state of the kurds improved significantly during his first years in power , not good, 
  for fuck 's sake , erdogan is more tech-aware than our chancellor . 
  ok , deal . 
  well , they will have sth to tell their kids about, 
  apparently , around bosphorus bridge & police headquarters . 
  i called my colleague whose family is in istanbul , and he says he can not reach them . 
  i doubt your friends will be risked , but you never know . 
  erdogan is in bodrum , there are plans to take him to greece ( stupid unreliable journo on my twitter ), 
  turkish general taken hostage by military officers ( sky ), 
  if that includes destabilising an 80-million-people country bordering two countries in war & two eu countries and with a civil war in its southeastern part , the medicine needs some regulation . 
  explosion at the police training center ( das erste ), 
  i wo n't try to lecture you on their history because i 'll make a lot of mistakes , but keep in mind that erdogan has reduced their strength significantly, 
  do n't you dare blame this on kebabs . 
  not much info though, 
  technically , they 're not being attacked from another country , it 's a '' '' `` democratic revolution '' '' '', 
  cnn live coverage was downright terrible during nice , brussels & that stupid thing in a cinema center two weeks ago here . 
  a not-that-reliable journo on my twitter says all planned planes from germany to turkey are not allow to fly . 
  too lazy to check with the airports ' websites, 
  acc to your pm , yes , acc to cdu , no chance . 
  yeah , turkey several times . 
  their pm says it is , but let 's wait & see, 
  tagesschau says your pm says the putsch-ers `` will pay for this '', 
  turkish army did the truck attack to divert attention !, 
  our media is now saying tanks have arrived at the entrance of atatuerk turkish redditors : stay safe . 
  which means literally nothing . 
  turkish friends : any chance that it 's erdogan-orchestrated ? 
  i hope i do n't sound like i got a tinfoil hat on . 
  you do n't plan this in 22 hours . 
  fucking shit this is actually horrible , it will give new ammunition to erdogan . 
  zeit says their pm says there 's a military coup attempt but they wo n't allow it ( obviously , ever heard about a gov saying `` come & get us '' ? ), 
  if this is true , turkish friends : is it a real coup , or any chance of it being erdogan-orchestrated ? 
  i have like fifty german journalists/newspapers on twitter & none of them are reporting anything . 
  any chance that it 's sth stupid like erdogan woke up from this bad dream where he was found fucking a goat by an imam who later joined him ? 
  edit : shit , six different german newspapers reported this right now . 
  well , move where ? 
  this is still the best continent in the world to live in , and germany is still one of the best countries on earth to live in , and it 's mine . 
  it 's easier for me as a young , unmarried guy , but one day i 'll have kids and stuff and i would n't want to raise them as foreigners . 
  my brother returned from st. gallen for god 's sake for this very reason , and st. gallen is like a mini-germany on steroids . 
  and whether you should add cucumbers to tzaziki . 
  that shit can lead to deaths . 
  we have n't integrated our muslims , dunno what you 're talking about . 
  i 'd like to say that the blame , like you say , lies on the terrorists . 
  i wo n't talk about that either , i 'll just address the problems in the integration process . 
  i do n't want this to turn into french bashing ... 
  i am mentally hurt by all these attacks , and we all love france . 
  i 'm just trying to be a devil 's advocate . 
  now to answer your questions : a ) we have turks , they have arabs . 
  we also have a big kurdish community , who are too busy breaking the windows of turkish shops to blow people up . 
  b ) their arabs come from countries previously oppressed by france . 
  on the other hand , the relationship between germany & turkey has always been one of mutual , muted respect . 
  kind of hard to feel french as an algerian if the police threw your cousins in the river & later denied that for decades c ) our muslims have 2x the general unemployment rate . 
  that 's actually the most favorable rate in europe ( e.g. 
  belgium has 4x ) , and it 's still lower than the general french rate . 
  d ) france stands for laicite , which is fine , but may create problems when people feel like they 're being targeted . 
  that 's not the case in germany . 
  some problems arise here from handshakes ( i think you know about the two recent cases in hamburg & berlin ) , but other than that no one will care about pupils wearing headscarves , the same way we down here have learned to live with crosses in classrooms . 
  e ) their secret service is even weaker than ours , and i did n't know that was possible f ) housing : yes , there are neighborhoods when you 'll hear more turkish & arabic than german in hamburg , frankfurt , koeln or berlin , but it 's still far away from the banlieus mess . 
  also , our turkish ghettos also have a high yugoslav/albanian/polish / whatever population , and they would be more keen on reporting suspicious activity . 
  that 's not the case in , say , molenbeek . 
  g ) i think they have felt more racism in france than they do in germany .
