  i also do n't agree with half the things they do in hamburg or berlin or k\u00f6ln , but as an american would say , our country is diverse . 
  there are plenty of croats in our insurance industry for some reason, 
  the best thing i could find in english http://dw.com/en/can-muslim-women-wear-a-headscarf-at-work-in-germany/a-17953746, 
  strangely , i have n't heard about any developer from croatia ( brother works in the sector ) . 
  mostly spaniards , hungarians , greeks . 
  this woman said she refused to take out the headscarf because of religion , so . . 
  why use the oath and whatnot to discuss how a municipality chooses to impose secularity ? 
  two totally separate things, 
  he was a lil ' too loud from what i can remember from his times . 
  like , they would talk about the ez and he 'd go to the press and brag about all the loopholes that he pushed for , or insult his staff in public and whatnot . 
  he calmed down in 2011 though , and it worked . 
  however , the headscarf on the queen 's head does not symbolize religion correct ? 
  german stats include those unemployed for a long time ( the `` disappointed '' ) in the unemployment rate , eu institutions do n't . 
  since eurostat has the same standards as the us & other countries , but ours do not , the `` domestic '' number is 5,9 % while the `` international '' number is 4,2 %, 
  would be illegal in most places , anyway , employed . 
  in frankfurt , you do n't need much german if you have a master and good english in your field . 
  so check there , not in berlin . 
  source : a serbian guy i know, 
  in germany , there 's a shortage as in , sheer numbers of it graduates are well below positions open . 
  purely religious attire . 
  so yes , the nun would be , but not the queen . 
  i tend to be against these kind of stuff . 
  however , in this particular case , the mayor has prohibited crosses too apparently , so it 's `` fair '' to prohibit headscarves . 
  yes , but certain factors have made the crisis worse , and we can sure debate how to deal with its consequences . 
  hard to discuss how to deal with consequences of an earthquake if we 're not on ground and know nothing about how rescue teams work . 
  but we know how segregation or integration works because we 've seen it firsthand . 
  the thing is , there 's not much to discuss . 
  we talked about it at work , and we all said a version of `` god with them '' and that 's it . 
  what else is there to say ? 
  we spent days discussing about k\u00f6ln because there was so much to discuss and each of us had differing opinions . 
  and also sitting on a heavily enforced building and bashing their building codes ( referring to aquilla , not this ) does n't feel right because there are still people being pulled out of the ruble . 
  italy is a big country , with a huge state sector , huge economy and probably the most experienced staff in europe when it comes to earthquake managing . 
  however , if they need help , they 'll get it . 
  for example , i know the bavarian helicopter guys have helped abroad with rescue missions , i am sure other countries have well-known specialized teams in sth . 
  you said it ca n't be enforced, 
  in engineering , no . 
  you 're gon na get employed as long as you graduate , pay is ok anyway , and once you have some good references even the biggest companies wo n't care for your grades either . 
  in economics , your entry position & pay depends somewhat on your grades because there are more graduates than proper positions . 
  in southern germany , you really do n't have much choice . 
  we have a problem with finding waiters at this point , but in some fields finding qualified workers has been an issue for five years now . 
  everytime you discuss about gender differences in the employment rates , keep in mind our numbers are middle-eastern . 
  scotland does not have a state religion . 
  not even saudi arabia asks people to convert to islam to become citizens . 
  if a muslim scottish policewoman wears a hijab and a christian scottish policewoman wears a cross , that does not mean islam is taking over scotland . 
  muslim comments on a religious issue are more common-sense than r/europe, 
  deport some millions of its citizens to africa , duh . 
  why mention after-k\u00f6ln beatings ? 
  we have 75 deaths with rw motives post-reunification , and that 's just governmental numbers that are considered underestimations . 
  how many of them were motivated by sexual assaults ? 
  none . 
  75 men ( incl some women , dunno how many ) who were killed because they were deemed undesirable . 
  in germany . 
  * post-reunification * . 
  and as someone whose half of reddit time is spent bashing multiculturalism & unintegrated immigrants : it makes my blood boil, 
  `` let 's defend our values ! '', 
  `` religious freedom ? '', 
  `` not that one you idiot '', 
  the bavarian church sues states that use loopholes to allow shops to work on sundays . 
  and wins cases in court . 
  different people interpret their religion differently . 
  there are also muslims that drink alcohol for 11 months and stop for ramadan . 
  and it 's none of of god-damn business to force alcohol down their throat , same they do n't get to decide my friday meal . 
  they do n't even allow nudity in their public beaches, 
  albania would like a word, 
  nato is not a trade deal or your gov would not discriminate between vw & gm . 
  but you do n't see our ministers parading around washington dc with a bunch of leaflets about wolfsburg . 
  can you please stop talking about tax rates when discussing a transfer pricing investigation ? 
   tax avoidance is actually prohibited tax evasion is prohibited . 
  ca n't see how timmermans can help you with that though . 
  the last surplus was not used for debt reduction so i ca n't see why this one will . 
  considering that there will be a 80 % increase on infrastructure spending from 2017 on , i think we 'll find * sth * to spend the money on . 
  however , personally i think lower taxes should come first . 
  ** part 3 ** but even if historic rates of return had continued , most us investors have failed to put enough aside to provide for their retirement . 
  at the end of 2013 , the median 401 ( k ) plan held by us households near retirement had a balance of $ 104,000 , according to the national institute on retirement security . 
  following the typical actuarial recommendation of withdrawing no more than 4 per cent a year , this would provide an annual income of about $ 4,000 . 
  the deficits for db plans are only the most visible symptom of the problem . 
  low bond yields and expensive stocks are a challenge to everyone 's retirement , whatever the scheme or country . 
  `` when you boil it down it 's a fundamental theme that affects the entire pension industry , '' says jay love , us head of db investment at mercer . 
  mitigating the risks db pension plans are implementing several strategies to avert disaster . 
  the uk was first to adopt `` liability-driven investing '' , where pension funds try to anticipate how their payments are likely to move and buy the investments that match them . 
  in practice , this means buying more bonds . 
  globally , a survey by mckinsey found 62 per cent of big institutions already use liability-matching , while more than 90 per cent intend to extend the practice . 
  if bond prices rise , the pension funds ' assets rise with them . 
  this mitigates the problem caused by falling yields . 
  but as bond yields fall , adopting such a strategy becomes more expensive -- and by buying bonds , liability-matchers tend to push yields down further still . 
  a second approach is to take more risk . 
  in the us , many institutions had flocked to hedge funds , pools of money originally designed for wealthy individuals . 
  allocations to these `` alternative '' investments have grown from 5 per cent of total assets in 1995 to 24 per cent last year , according to willis towers . 
  but institutions are growing disillusioned by hedge funds ' high fees and recent poor performance . 
  in the past year , big public pension plans in california , new york and new jersey have pulled money from hedge funds as politicians attacked their high fees . 
  in canada and other countries , big public pension funds have branched aggressively into infrastructure and real estate , and cut costs by running all of the operations themselves . 
  a third option is to sell all the risks associated with the pensions ' assets and liabilities to an insurer . 
  this gets the company out of insuring the funds , which is often not its core competency , in return for taking an upfront financial hit . 
  insurers are far better able to manage the risks . 
  podcast pensions : the dark future a dramatic decline in bond yields has added to the pressures of longer lifespans and falling birth rates to create a looming social and political pensions crisis , say john authers and robin wigglesworth . 
  in this report they examine the outlook for retirees . 
  you can also listen to john and robin discuss the pensions squeeze but this grows less attractive for companies as bond yields fall , increasing the fee that insurers need to charge them . 
  in the wake of the brexit referendum , direct line , a uk provider of motor insurance , decided against going through with such a deal . 
  there are ways to avert a true social crisis . 
  mass poverty in old age can be avoided .
