  our fm literally told rumsfeld he does n't trust him . 
  what did you want him to do , throw a shoe at the guy ? 
  as for libya , i 'm sure merkel and sarkozy discussed it a lot . 
  but you ca n't change how other countries think . 
   we did sit out syria to the point where we have no problem being friendly with the us who is exacerbating the situation by aiding the syrian rebels , without alleviating the refugee situation on top of it all too . 
  our strategic alliance with the us is stronger than the syrian issue . 
  we wo n't stop being friends with the us just because they aid the wrong group at some crisis - they do that the whole time . 
  for german chancellor ? 
  how ambitious . 
   the eu is as capable , as wealthy and as populous as the us , yet they get to have an elon musk , microsoft , apple , amazon , a silicon valley , while we do not . 
  there 's no good reason to justify not being on equal footing there . 
  we have higher taxes and more bureaucracy . 
  ca n't see how a rrg government would help with that . 
   but it equipment of schools across the board is another good example of where investment can do a lot of good . 
  and curriculum and setup of the system itself is a good example of things that can benefit from discussion as well . 
  i do n't think that either of those are anywhere near optimal right now and i 'm convinced that we 're not empowering people and students as much as we should there . 
  education is a state matter , and the states have outright refused to spend the amount allocated by the federal government due to a number of reasons . 
   this is because anything else would have incurred more risk & cost more political capital , meaning it 's again a failure of leadership . 
  both extreme scenario would have resulted in either greece leaving the ez , or germany leaving the ez . 
  i ca n't see why r/europe refuses to understand that . 
   do n't you think that it is in our power to anticipate and prevent such crises ( libya / iraq / syria / migration , $ , climate ) in the future ? 
  libya and iraq were not on us . 
  we ca n't force france or the us to stay out of other countries business . 
  syria , regarding the refugee crisis , yes , we should have helped earlier . 
  the euro was a problem from the time it was created . 
  i do n't think there was a way for merkel & her people to prevent what happened in greece/etc without getting systematically involved with the budget of a sovereign nation . 
  as we saw in the last decade , they do n't like it when we do that . 
  climate , what do you mean ? 
   i 'm in favour of harsher economic sanctions if nothing else . 
  you wo n't get that with rrg . 
   now that everyone loves the environment , it is their defining topic . 
  defining themselves on social , cultural issues would be outright stupid , but hey , they 're green . 
   we like that you dont like him . 
  this , a thousands times over . 
  there 's literally no one running for chancellor who would mention the words `` eurobonds '' during the campaign . 
  merkel barely won . 
  she lost an almost 10-point lead over schr\u00f6der in a matter of weeks , and only because schr\u00f6der was a beast campaigner , not `` annoying '', 
   leadership itself is also a desirable quality , so much so that it does n't even have to be a positive vision for people to jump on board ( see trump , erdogan and others ) , although it is of course a positive one we should all be looking to find here . 
  you want germany to be the us or turkey and elect the guy who yells the loudest ? 
  last time we tried , it did n't end up that well . 
   she governed well , aside of failing to prevent the migration situation from boiling up as much as it has ( which is not on any one person , except maybe on the absence of gaddafi ) . 
  i agree . 
  that 's also sth she said herself i think . 
  i replied to the rest at the other comment, 
   people with a vision for the future that goes beyond just trying to maintain and manage the status quo and barely staving off crises . 
  people `` with visions '' came up with the glorious idea of the euro . 
  look how that turned out . 
   we also need substantial investment in infrastructure , both in germany i agree , and the government has increased investment . 
  more is needed . 
   as well as in the eu . . for countries that can actually afford it . 
   the eu as a political and economic entity is n't where it should be either . 
  that 's not only on the eu . 
   ` measured ' government is what has allowed the current chaos to take hold though . 
  do not forget that . 
  care to explain . 
   forward looking idealism is badly needed even if it runs a bit `` too free '' no . 
  the world is going nuts . 
  the far-right might win in france , putin is invading countries , turkey just chose dictatorship , the uk is leaving eu , italy 's economy is going downhills , and the us just elected a cheeto chip in chief . 
  and it times like this , you want idealists and `` visions '' , instead of someone with experience who can think things through and take measured decisions after those considerations . 
  you know what some idealists would have done ? 
  they would have mismanaged the global financial crisis . 
  germany was the only big economy to come out of the crisis with a lower unemployment than the one before that . 
  they would have kicked greece out of the ez . 
  maybe not legally , but they would have definitely forced them out . 
  or , they would have allowed greece to continue its shopping spree with someone 's else credit card . 
  that would have led to germans deciding to not put up with the euro anymore . 
  they would have caused a humanitarian crisis in hungary , or they would have refused to come to terms with the fact that the chaos of autumn 2015 has consequences . 
  no , we do n't need `` bam boom '' idealists who see what they want at the end of the tunnel and say `` whatever , i 'm gon na get there '' . 
  we need someone who sees what 's at the end , studies the tunnel , the geology behind it , the costs and benefits of the journey , and then starts it . 
  because otherwise , that tunnel will collapse and fall down and crash on all of us . 
  please tell me of one decent-sized country that has any better candidate than either merkel of schulz . 
  members of the green party have problems . 
  the party itself does n't encourage pedophilia as their main political project . 
   people want change , but it seems not too much change ? 
  a little bit of change ? 
  that 's a very nice way to put it . 
  a tiny bit of change . 
  someone tell merkel to color her hair red or something . 
   she is reasonable , but people may still feel that change is needed . 
  change of what ? 
  merkel 's not perfect , but i do n't think anyone is really saying germany has n't been governed really well in the last decade . 
  i do n't see the green party inciting hatred and violence . 
  imagine the horror of living near someone who donates so much to charity , who helps with integration projects , who 's one of the nicest footballers to meet in real-life and is always nice to fans , who has a funky fashion style , and is one of the main reasons we won a world cup . 
   however , everytime the proportion of germans lowers and the proportion of foreigners ( immigration background or however you call it ) rises , your country becomes a bit less german . 
  so , our national team did n't deserve to become world champions because jerome boateng played ? 
  that 's the problem with some of you : you see the guy who run a truck over people . 
  you refuse to see the center-back who kept messi in his back pocket during a world cup final . 
  . . who cares about reddit anyway . 
  oh what it would have been :(, 
  we have managed quite well without a prominent far-right party for the last decades . 
  there is no city in germany which has more people with an immigration background than native germans . 
  my city ( near munich ) has the highest proportion of people with immigration background in the country , and you 'd kill to live here . 
  edit : ofc even the definition of `` foreigners '' is problematic . 
  `` immigration background '' counts in half of our national team . 
  is boateng a foreigner ? 
  is mustafi a foreigner ? 
  sch\u00e4uble is a centrist ? 
   all of western europe except germany has marriage equality . 
  italy ? 
  switzerland ?
