  that 's all i have to say . 
  thanks, 
  do you even have a nt ? 
  shhh , they can hear us !, 
  good job , good job europe , but remember , the euros are yet to come . 
  we 'll see each-other then , 
  dafuq was this butt comment, 
  this time , no need for belgian fries !, 
  fail to do anything meaningful with troops in northern france ? 
  are you sure you wan na enter this debate ? 
  just tuned in eastern neighbour , we just ca n't stay away from each-other < 3 edit : no ... not a single point ? 
  merkel fights freedom of speech ? 
  her stance on greece & crimea has been dictator-ish ? 
  and guess what , every single politician in the world wants to have a long career . 
  they just fail to achieve that . 
  read the damn article . 
  growth is supported by domestic growth , exports have already fallen . 
  you know , that thing that italians and frenchies have pushed for since 2008 . 
  shit , i do n't have see many gay couples kissing around here . 
  high school girls , yes , but not grown-up couples . 
  i do n't even think i 've ever seen a male gay couple kiss in places like cafes , shopping malls , restaurants . 
  in nightclubs , yes . 
  does n't matter merkel should have kept her mouth shut , there was no reason whatsoever to say that word, 
  if they feel turkish despite growing up here , they can be turkish all day , every day and twice on sunday, 
  true , true . 
  this is just a massive clusterfuck of epic proportions . 
  once you start imagining stuff , why do n't you go full way and say they wo n't even get the 5 % needed ? 
  and none of them are candidates cdu would live with at the same time . 
  i am voting for fdp , hoping that they will force cdu to come back to their senses . 
  because i 've lost all hope for spd :(, 
  i want a time-travel-machine to come to r/europe when she has left office and see the comments . 
  i dislike her , i wo n't vote for her in 2017 and i disagree with many of her policies ( esp since 2013 ) but damn , i will need pop-corn to enjoy the shitshow that her power vacuum will create . 
  it will be so cool to watch . 
  you do n't think that our country has several problems right now ? 
  that there are things that we should work on ? 
  things like removing the solidarity tax , no infrastructure investment , the low birthrate , now super low interest rates , rising inequality , ttip , bureaucracy , 0 digitalization , pension reform , etc. 
  and none of these have anything to do with the refugees . 
  people have different reasons to switch from cdu/csu to another party . 
  refugees are not the only possible reason . 
   handling of financial crisis da fuck ? 
  why should a german voter have a problem with that ? 
  we 're currently doing ok , and merkel actually pushed for keynesian policies to address that in germany  greek crisis , last time there were bailout talks , her approval rate was ** 77 % ** . 
  if you think the european debt crisis has n't helped her tremendously domestically , you 're wrong . 
   energy transition and planless abandonment of nuclear power that was a populist decision , so i do n't get your point  migration crisis agree with this  need a few more points ? 
  i can give you plenty of reasons why i wo n't vote for csu in 2017 , but you only gave one . 
  the other three are ... just empty words . 
  we have other issues than refugees right now you know . 
  no they wo n't demand anything . 
  period . 
  because guess what , merkel is the opportunist inside cdu . 
  she does cave in and she does give a lot of concessions to spd . 
  but take a second and think about how spd would look , playing 2nd fiddle to a properly conservative chancellor . 
  merkel is not a conservative . 
  she 's on the left side of cdu . 
   i see at least a dozen people ( most from cdu or spd , one each from csu and greens ) who are both more qualified and more likely to be chancelor than merkel after 2017 . 
  provide names please ? 
  and i ca n't understand how you can be more against the green than against die linke . 
  if kretschmann is strengthened there - which seems to be the case - they will probably become more rational and likeable . 
  lol cdu/csu will still be the biggest party in the next elections . 
  and guess who their junior partner will be ? 
  and guess who is the only candidate under which spd will be fine to join the government ? 
  you mean things like national gocernments cracking up on massive fiscal evasion , a limit for budgetary deficits and harmonized retirement ages ? 
  interesting idea ... oh wait , where did i hear this ? 
  any chance raf helped us btw ? 
  2399 of them are like that probably, 
  this . 
  i am already pissed for having to be pat down before entering a stadium . 
  that 's the max of stupid security measures i can tolerate in the name of `` safety '', 
  still german . 
  our scum is scummy - but it 's * our * scum, 
  those crazy idiots , invading our glorious cities, 
  he has n't told the authorities anything . 
  he just confessed he did it and he has n't mentioned anything about religion . 
  id requirements , smaller communities , language problems , smaller low-paid service sectors, 
  getting a job illegally in uk as an illegal immigrant - easy getting a job illegally in germany , france , netherlands , sweden , denmark as an illegal immigrant - not easy, 
  and in any eu country bar uk , good luck getting a job illegally if you 're not working for your own legal family business, 
  if you count 10 people in your circle of real friends and none of them is muslim , why is that an issue ? 
  they 're 6 % of the population . 
  ( btw , one of my best friends has turkish roots . 
  it 's not like i have a problem with people who have muslim friends ), 
  how dare you , there are five grannies there sitting by one of those trees . 
   the british reached 08 level not long ago ( end of 2014 ) the southern periphery is still well below the pre crisis level . 
  germany reached pre-crisis level in 2010 already . 
  shit , i just realized this . 
  i did n't know it took that long for uk . 
  what about you ? 
  can we make this a thing ? 
  oh god , your flair . 
  have an upvote . 
  i do n't get ... does she seriously forbid her husband from having a beer at home ? 
  if that 's the criteria , they definitely would n't attack paris before attacking berlin , hamburg , munich , frankfurt and every german city with more than 100000 people because trust me , in every german city with more than 100000 has more drunk people than paris in any given day . 
  if it 's schalke , it 'll be the first time in my life i 'm cheering against a german team in cl/el, 
  the police just cleared that up . 
  what a mess . 
  people saying the bus has bulletproof-glass . 
  in case that 's true , it was a professional fire cracker , or worse . 
  do i look like a buli spokesperson ? 
  yes , a match with 70000 fans in a packed stadium and tens of thousands watching it on the streets of this particular city is a pretty decently big target . 
  let 's be nice , shall we ? 
  last time fake fans were in that stadium , it did n't end up too well for them .
