  and keep in mind that wages are pretty low here too ... 
  i hope you find work and can keep yourself afloat, 
  and when we 'll have no money , we 'll beg the dutch, 
  nope , much less . 
  around 400 in average acc to a friend , but i ca n't find official stats right now, 
  february : 61,000 arrivals . 
  quick math : more than 2000 daily . 
  not my numbers , de maiziere said it yesterday, 
  she wo n't get to replace merkel right away . 
  first thing , she absolutely has to win her state and do a really good job there . 
  take the full term , oversee nice results for cdu in her zone in 2017 , build a personality on federal level and try to keep things cozy with the higher-ups despite the criticism ... and then we talk . 
  but i like her . 
  i think that if she matures well , she can do a better job than both de maiziere & ursula . 
  also , she 's young , she has like another three decades in politics and she really has to marry that boyfriend of hers or they 'll jump on her head . 
  and then they say arabs refuse to integrate checkmate . 
  italian passports are the cheapest to fake , acc . 
  to an article about falsification markets in athens, 
  those islands have tens of thousands of people , and do n't tell me fishermen are so hard to corrupt, 
  not up for discussion . 
  i 'd want switzerland to join us but it 'll never happen . 
  shit . 
  so i think netherlands , or why not denmark too . 
  france is an ally ... 
  but that 's about it i think . 
  our love-hate relationship is filled with mistrust at the end of the day . 
  we 've backstabbed them and they 've backstabbed us and left us on our own for almost a decade now . 
  they 're not a twin . 
  how many people do we have with double citizenship though ? 
  and the majority of them are eu citizens with whom we have agreements to send them home if it is possible and the other huge group are u21 - actually very few of the u21 are eligible for this , and u21 are underrepresented in prisons . 
  and , the foreigners ' stats is about those without german citizenship . 
  and , all eu countries use the same rules . 
  and , most of them have more people on double citizenship . 
  so relatively speaking , we 're better off . 
  yes , i guess this is just me being shit in geography and forgetting that greece has a western coast too, 
  not like that growth has anything to do with eu-funded infrastructure projects , remittances from uk or , god-forbid , our factories outsourcing the building of components and modules to you and the cr with plenty of love , your western neighbors . 
  we need a strong polish economy so keep it up , * please * . 
  you have inflation ? 
  what is inflation ? 
  can you eat it ? 
  slovenia closed its border with croatia . 
  what does that have to do with schengen ? 
  if finland closes its border with russia , is it schengen 's fault ? 
  i mean , they could slip ino albania easily right ? 
  the question remains if they could then take a boat illegally to italy . 
  300,000 albanians have crossed the green border between the two countries in the ' 90 . 
  not 1 or 3 . 
  300,000 and many of them multiple times . 
  99 % of things that need eu consensus , i guess, 
  you could n't make the link between `` arabischen '' & `` arab '' ? 
  `` i saw a woman wearing a headscarf today !!!!!!!!!!!!!! '', 
  czech republic took refugees . 
  they can take thousands and thousands , and after a week they 'll all be here . 
  unemployment rate for turks is * twice * the german rate . 
  they 're incredibly underrepresented in both gymnasium & unis , much more likely to drop out ( over 50 % in some zones ) , much more likely to be on welfare , much more likely to commit a crime , only marry within themselves , etc. 
  and please for the love of god , do n't take us as an example for integration . 
  wait , wait this is very interesting . 
  germany has 8,8 % of the population foreign . 
  france 5,8 % . 
  netherlands 3,9 % . 
  italy 6,5 % . 
  this is according to http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2010/sep/07/immigration-europe-foreign-citizens#img-1 , it 's about 2009 and we definitely have taken * a lot * of immigrants from both eu countries and me/na in the last 7 years . 
  like , ** a lot ** . 
  however , even with these numbers , there is a difference . 
  does this mean our foreigners are noticeably less criminal like the french , brit and italian foreigners ? 
  i know uk has longer sentences , but italy and france are among our level . 
  and this means our citizens are more `` criminal '' in relative numbers . 
  this is surprising . 
  we 're better than austria at sth , yayy, 
  this is actually nice . 
  i am usually against stupid symbols , but in the mess we 're presently in ... this is really nice . 
  whom are you copying btw ? 
  thank you for never picking a history book and not knowing how our country was saved and built by wise men who did n't really give a fuck and kept their noses out of the rest 's business , developing effective relationships with our neighbors instead of trying to educate half of the world . 
  because returning people to balkan was pretty easy . 
  many wanted to go back and rebuild their countries . 
  the ones that did n't were like `` blah , if you force me , fine '' . 
  while their countries are poor , they are stll ok , have a perspective to develop , jobs , equality , basic human rights . 
  kosovo & bosnia are among the safest countries in europe . 
  syria is in middle of the most fucked-up region in the history of civilization, 
  first thing , yes , they said they do n't want to . 
  publicly . 
  second thing , you can be sure eu leaders talk privately with tsipras regularly . 
  we know merkel does at least . 
  there could have been talks you know nothing about , because tsipras , merkel or tusk wo n't call you to inform you of their talks . 
  greece would n't take care and stop 2,5 million immigrants even if they got 6 bn euros a year you obviously do n't know the situation, 
  except imports increased too ... 
  v4 was a good extension for us . 
  schroeder did the right thing by pushing for it for years . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  1075 reports , 417 sexual assaults of which 2 or 3 were rape . 
  not if the extra person is afghani and gets forced back to his country . 
  i can sign up for this if you want me to . 
  hearing my sister speak in dialect with our grandparents ... oh god . 
  not a single person from hamburg would ever understand her . 
  and this is in 2016 . 
  we 'll probably block that education thing btw . 
  and so will ee , and austria , and netherlands , and denmark , and whoever wants to do it , can copy france all it wants . 
  we wo n't . 
  i do n't think there is any country in europe with more power proportionate to their population than netherlands, 
   we 're civilized people that 's what we said in 1939  and especially not a common coin and fiscal policy . 
  i 'll have to agree with this one .
