  the journalist himself was saying it was his weirdest piece ever . 
  you know , with all the shit bild publishes , an interview with the most powerful person in the world still is worse than everything else . 
  i have my issues with der spiegel ( please do n't confuse the written thing and that stupid internet portal ) , but saying it 's on the same level as bild is factually wrong . 
  and bild is n't even * that * bad ... it 's not warmongering kind of shit , it 's just not the kind of newspaper that potus should give an interview to , let alone his most important interview . 
  she 'll say trump is an interesting guy whom she 's looking forward to meet . 
  with a poker face . 
  feel free me to tag me if she says anythin else . 
  the problem is , r/europe commenters do n't have access to the biggest nuclear arsenal in the world, 
  and directly threatened us with car tariffs . 
  next thing you know , he 's gon na start insulting oliver kahn . 
  what . 
  a. cunt . 
  and fucking bild , are you fucking kidding me . 
  i have yet to come to terms with the fact that his first international interview is with bild . 
  the thing i use mainly for football transfer rumors . 
  and did he seriously give an interview to bild ? 
  the worst way our elections may turn is a rot-rot-gr\u00fcn , and those guys are mostly federalists . 
  cnn being bad does n't mean we should tolerate putin 's bots in germany . 
  and hopefully that number stays the same . 
  i do n't want to open the tv to hear about another guy from angola who was beaten to death because he was walking home after work . 
  i was a kid during those crazy times when it was such a regular , almost monthly occurrence . 
  i do n't want my kid to grow up listening that . 
  thank god we managed to get through the worst part of the refugee crisis without any deaths . 
  just will pick one arson attack https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solingen_arson_attack_of_1993 and nsu murders . 
  yay , 15 victims . 
  more than islamist & far-left put together . 
  if you want to read any further in german : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/todesopfer_rechtsextremer_gewalt_in_der_bundesrepublik_deutschland i 'm only linking wikipedia articles instead of journalistic ones . 
   was it to deliberately avoid the very active period of far left violence in the 70s/80s ? 
  the number of far-right deaths after reunification is much higher than the number of far-left deaths after ww2 . 
  i chose that period because no data is kept for racist murders before 1990 . 
  and 9 innocent , law-abiding individuals whose only `` problem '' was not being german . 
  but all 10 were targeted murders , not `` everyone around us '' breivik style . 
  can you pleaaase refrain from using war rhetoric in the meanwhile ? 
  thanks !, 
  good thing those other cunts do n't shout `` allahu akhbar !!! '', 
  before shooting people oh wait . 
  the far left usually attacks police stations with hand grenades . 
  bad , violent , not deadly . 
  can you please provide the number of deaths by the far left in europe in the last thirty years ? 
  no , i meant even w/o ww2 . 
  like completely forget ww2 and only count deaths by far-right extremists after 1945 . 
  or even better , after german reunification for our numbers . 
  and the numbers are still crazy . 
  the far right , in germany & netherlands , from 1990 to 2017 , has claimed more lives than the far left and islamists put together . 
  connection between my comment & the specific incident in july . 
  again , i understand my comment was factually wrong , but i was not trying to be nasty . 
  the guy 's german , period . 
  in both my country and yours , the far-right has more victims than the far left , islamists & independence movements put together . 
  it 's * terrorists * . 
  you 're trying to find rationality in a bunch of people who have this adorable collection of 155 kilograms of explosives they want to use to kill people because of their ethnic background or religion . 
  and it would be entirely possible to target a mostly-immigrant zone and kill a high % of immigrants . 
  that 's what they did with the bombs in k\u00f6ln like a decade ago . 
  plus they could target a turkish market , a mosque , a refugee shelter . 
  and if an ethnic german is buying at a turkish market or volunteering in a refugee shelter , they 're also a fair target . 
  that was not terrorism and is n't treated as such . 
  i think the bavarian police has classified it as a spree shooting coming from mental illness , with his political views being irrelevant ( we still got no explanation how the hell did he manage to kill 9 people with immigration background out of 9 , some of which should have been very easy to identify as non-ethnic-germans ) . 
  and i trust our police . 
   breaking off from a country via the use of force with no due process is not legitimate in post-wwii europe . 
  there 's a court decision about kosovo  better to whom ? 
  to the eu . 
   i hate the eu then why do you even care if it 's serbia or kosovo that will join ? 
   brexit was a good thing . 
   can you find me one such member ? 
  greece . 
  but if your argument is correct , what are all these skilled people in romania doing ? 
  watching tv all day ? 
  so serbia fits the bill of `` trojan horse '' much better than kosovo  kosovo 's statehood is illegitimate it is perfectly legitimate  and since when does being pro-eu or pro-nato make you a `` good '' country ? 
  it makes you a good candidate for eu membership . 
  having a pro-eu member is better than a pro-russia member . 
  hence , kosovo would be a better fit for eu membership than serbia ( if we only based it on these standards ; naturally i understand how much stands in the way of kosovo towards the eu ) having eu members that dislike the eu leads to brexit and all of its kind , the same way having ez members that dislike economic stability leads to . . oh well . 
  correct . 
  i used iranian to make it easier for people to make the connection , but you 're right . 
  if a guy is born here and speaks better german than i do , he 's german . 
  ouch , i thought it was like sth slightly below 100, 
  if there was a legitimate referendum ( nvm in response to a massive ethnic cleaning campaign ) with no russian soldiers patrolling around , why not ? 
  who am i to tell crimea what to do ? 
  are you saying kosovo is at the moment not independent of serbia ? 
  are you saying it 's being governed in belgrade ? 
  far-right deadly incidents in germany in the last 2-3 decades have all been either a. bombings b. 
  beating people up until they die c. highly sophisticated , targeted murders ( nsu ) as far as i know , they 're not into `` let 's shoot everyone around us '' . 
  yet . 
  plus lunatics like the iranian guy last year in munich . 
   before they start committing terrorism . 
  dunno if you noticed but these guys have killed like a hundred of our people since german reunification . 
  kosovo has problems with homegrown extremists , but the country is very pro-nato , very pro-eu and the government is definitely anti-isis . 
  the serbian government is pro-russian . 
   serbia is unfortunately constrained to only go through diplomatic channels right now . 
  we do that with poland and our minority there too . 
  that 's what countries do with other independent countries . 
  go through diplomatic channels instead of , you know , * sending trains with political meanings *, 
  why should they ? 
  kosovo is independent , thus not serbia . 
   155kg of explosives fucking hell , these guys should be pretty organized . 
  that 's * a lot * . 
  it 's more than what was used in madrid bombings which killed 190 people . 
   baf\u00f6g was increased this year right ? 
  and again , we do spend a lot of money on education ( there 's always more , of course ) . 
  the issues in our education system do not come because a lack of money , they come out of dysfunctional structures in ( mainly ) 2-3 l\u00e4nder . 
  the rest of the country is doing fine . 
  hell , i 'd say investing in daycare staff at this point is more urgent than investing directly in brick-and-mortar .
