  thank you . 
   did you know that their electricity grid is so outdated that it can not handle the surges coming from renewables and polish grid has to absorb the shocks ? 
  no , you did n't because nobody is reporting on that since spending in germany is considered a sin . 
  that 's not because of investment - the money for that is already set aside . 
  it 's lawsuits that are blocking it . 
  mine is italian cmon greece , you really need to come to the aldi across the street . 
  but poland built themselves up instead of cooking books . 
  poland also actually did reforms instead of passing some laws on the side and yelling about german occupation on the other . 
  poland also exports a shitload of stuff . 
  never put poland & greece in the same sentence when it comes to economic growth . 
  the issue is , no one 's gon na lend to them on any acceptable interest rate in that scenario . 
  they 'd either go full crazy austerity , or borrow at 10 % or more . 
   also in a non merkel world german wages would have risen fast too and made exports more expensive . 
  a non-merkel government would have led to more unemployment , that 's sth we all agree on . 
  it would also lead to more fiddling with union/companies relations , that 's also sth we all agree on, 
   the question is , whether or not this is desirable . 
  we , germany , decided that yes , for us it 's desirable . 
  if it 's undesirable for other parts of europe , that tells more about those parts of europe & their current situation . 
   but i prefer more spare time and less crime rate welfare state models . 
  we have the lowest hours worked by any oecd country and the lowest crime rate of any big country in the world bar japan . 
   of course people buy more bmw and vw and less renault and fiat if the german cars are cheaper by comparison to before . 
  if you 're comparing bmw to fiat , i 'm assuming you do n't have a driving license . 
  pro-tip : they serve completely different markets . 
  if you ever find someone who 's thinking whether he should get a bmw or fiat , please ask him to do an ama . 
  we should also drop all fiscal transfers hey , let 's throw ideas , it may work . 
   but italy is structurally unequal because of variaties of reasons . 
  but let 's not analyze those reasons because pc . 
  is that what you mean ? 
  someone call your old macro teacher & ask him to please teach you that mainstream keynesian economics are applicable in the short and medium-term , because in the long term its assumptions of inflexible wages are not valid anymore . 
  it seems like all you reddit keynesianists never made it past the first 10 slides of macro . 
  if you think a building is ugly , burning it down definitely solves the problem of it not being ugly anymore , it 's just that you 're left without a building at the end . 
  expelling some of the country 's biggest employers definitely solves the problem of them being german ; however , you 're left without those employers . 
  but hey , be my guest . 
  edit : on top of that , it was n't us , it was eastern europe spewing racist shit at tsipras during a fucking council meeting with everyone present . 
  i would n't say merkel is a social liberal either tho . 
   the party influences the budget itself . 
  yes , so a party that pushes for a budget surplus in times of negative interest rates is a conservative . 
  it would be different if circumstances were pushing them towards it , but now it 's a choice . 
  why blame the state for what the unions and companies do ? 
  we 're in a free market around here babe . 
   seems like its designed that way . 
  by those who blackmailed us into this mess with reunification . 
  they wanted this , and this was supposed to be the way to finally compete with us economically and not let bundesbank decide the economic direction of the continent . 
  they expected the ez to hold us down , due to how reunification would affect our economy . 
  they were too proud to think that maybe , just maybe , we 're going to restructure our economy and fundamentally reform our social system to make sure we 're more competitive in the 21st century . 
  that 's what cockiness gets you  now those blackmailers can suck it up . 
  i wo n't shed a single tear . 
  the east depends on germany more than they depend on their own economy , dude . 
   greece is doing those reforms right now no , they are not . 
   germany is killing the greece competition with dumpingwages . 
  our wages are lower than greek wages ? 
   in a union of `` net payer states '' they would kill each other with permanent austerity . 
  yes , because northern europe is soooo poor . 
  and germany ? 
  omg austerity suffocated us !, 
  unemployment only halved !, 
  budget surplus in times of negative interest rates is as conservative as it can get . 
  if anyone has a better plan , merkel would love to hear it . 
  the eu would have even less problems if the south was n't accepted , but let 's not get on this debate . 
  well , we tried many things and they failed . 
  unless someone 's got a better plan , i say we go for a multi-speed eu and see how it works out . 
  still better than `` fuck this shit i 'm out '', 
  v4 is also a huge economic partner for us and our automotive industry depends heavily on them, 
  it 's just childish , i genuinely do n't understand what was duda trying to do . 
  but hey let 's talk about polish death camps . 
  this reminds me of that train serbia wanted to send to kosovo , except , you know , the other way round . 
  how stupidly childish . 
  what does bavaria have to do with it ? 
  if you want to put the trust of your financial future on portugal , please go ahead and deposit your money there . 
  but do n't touch mine . 
  yes but our elections are fun . 
  i would n't mind either , i love these topics , and especially for german politics , i find most of comments to be very good quality . 
  i think it 's also nice how most of us mention our political leanings when commenting , so that everyone - esp those who are not germans - can understand our points of view better & come to their own conclusions . 
  it has nothing to do with being a conservative & everything with fdp not pushing for tax cuts & other key elements of their program during 2009-2013 . 
  read again , i edited it & added stuff, 
  not really , but i 'm sure people would love to help . 
  please keep in mind that only spd has started their campaign , and have n't released any program . 
  what i say below is from what i remember from party congress & merkel 's speeches . 
  cdu for 2017 : i expect the slogan to be `` prosperity for all '' 0 budget deficit , 1/3 of the increased revenues go for tax cuts for low incomes , 1/3 for an increase investment in education/infrastructure , 1/3 for security & other expenses increasing women & old-age employment against all tax increases , and no wealth tax more support for flexi-rente which allows old people to work longer if they choose to ensuring broadband coverage support for things like autodiagnostics , civilian drones , driving , etc. 
  reducing red tape for small businesses e-government ( god , we need this ) support for our 3-pillar system of `` high schools '' & vet strengthening occupational and private pensions more kindergarten places more house ownership for young families ( sth with energy prices , but ca n't remember exactly what , and tax subsidies might be look into ) more support in elementary school for kids who do n't speak german at home less people dropping out of high school ( i think we 're at around 7 % ) strengthening municipalities ( god , we need this ) to foster communities `` a situation like late 2015 `` wo n't dare '' to repeat '' + concept of `` leitkultur '' ( `` leading culture '' aka not multikulti ) a comprehensive law on immigration ( note : we do n't have one currently , everything is regulated by a patchwork of ancient rules and procedures , and it 's extremely unclear for both the administration & immigrants ) imams trained in germany higher spending in childcare & all-day schools some special programs against burglaries ( it 's a big problem in places like nrw , hamburg , berlin , etc. 
  due to travelling gangs ) more video surveillance in public places bundeswehr might be used in cases of mumbai-style attacks europe must assume responsibility for its security helping refugees in countries of origin strengthening institutions dealing with the asylum requests a federal center for deportations ( this is from today : i 'm not sure how constitutional it is ) helping libya with the coast guard + agreements with mali/niger spd/die gr\u00fcne / die linke should pass maghreb countries as safe countries of origin integration investment , esp regarding the job market a partial ban on burqa , where legally possible digital single market eu becoming more effective for stuff that affects people pro-ttip , pro-ceta grid expansion '' ** we ** have to shape globalization '', 
  well let 's do a poll to see if we should do one poll or multiple polls over the choice between one megathread or several independent threads on these several polls . 
  yes , it 's incompatible with our constitution , and i would vote for cdu given the chance . 
  but i 'm not wiling to move to bw only for a vote , so i 'll suck it up , vote csu & cross fingers they 'll spent the next four years insisting on increased security spending more than in road tolls or whatever . 
  yes . 
  merkel pushed for more engagement from the east . 
  she 's also very rational and would be able to ignore the shit their governments throw to her . 
  she 'll find common ground with the craziest guys . 
  and she 's also anti-russia, 
  but this is n't election period . 
  cdu , die gr\u00fcne , die linke , fdp have not started their campaign . 
  we ca n't campaigj for 8 straight months . 
  well , he ca n't campaign against eurobonds and then do eurobonds, 
  being cool is apparently important enough to swing the vote . 
  exactly and taxes, 
  it 's not up to the german chancellor to yell at poland . 
  if the eu wants to deal with pis , fine . 
  but we 're partners and we should find common ground , even when we despise the other side . 
  who cares about public remarks , she had to meet kaczynski & szydlo . 
  we need poland .
