  our gov is against federalization, 
  insanity apparently . 
  thank god our media had some common sense for the 1st time in their lives , and did n't report it 24/7 for five straight weeks . 
  that 's the problem i have with your comment and with comments of this nature : the word `` must '' . 
  your line that `` there 's where we should end '' . 
  maybe people just want a different political structure ? 
  may i simply trust those voted by my people better ? 
  farage speaks decent english ? 
  i trust the government in berlin more than the government in brussels , simple as that . 
  and i share this sentiment with the majority of europeans . 
  ( well , each one for their own governments , not the one in berlin ), 
  `` and tusk just smiled !!!, 
  scandalous !!!! '', 
  this is your government ( & mine ) losing control . 
  i do n't blame anyone but my government . 
  `` and staring at each-other !, 
  like with eyes & stuff ! '', 
  second ? 
  second ? 
  where did you get that impression ? 
  it would mean switzerland is not part of the single market , which uk wants to stay in . 
  if germany , and italy , and france , would want a half-ass deal for switzerland , switzerland would get a half-ass deal . 
  `` people hugging and stuff like it 's some kind of orgy '', 
  this is the same place that bashed juncker a week ago the same place that have shouted on top of their lungs against bailouts for years , and suddenly last week they were bashing merkel for not allowing bailouts i wo n't vote for csu in 2017 , period , and only because of merkel , but this sub has a serious problem with the woman . 
  the german & french gov have n't done that . 
  read the newest article on spiegel international , it has described the situation perfectly . 
  so , it 's not fully democratic . 
  or get drunk during negotiations and fall asleep while tusk is talking to you . 
  that was a gem on its own . 
  please no, 
  our media is generally anti-merkel , btw . 
  spiegel has always being against her , and they have two very good articles from last week on this mess , including one in the english section, 
  check spiegel , they have two good articles on this . 
  nothing interesting yet in faz or sz, 
  we being my flair and stuff . 
  this is so funny . 
  if it was n't for brexit , i am sure we 'd find a way to work around this for switzerland ... but ca n't do that now . 
  our angie called your rajoy & encouraged him to form a big coalition ? 
  `` how dare the polish pm have dinner with a neighbor !, 
  literally 4th reich !!! '', 
  at least in turkish ghettos , they are not collectively drunk 24/7, 
  it was a joke about the state 's attitude towards last century 's gastarbeiters , who were supposed to go back . 
  hey , have n't kept up with your things . 
  how does it look ? 
  will you get a government ? 
  he heads a group that must ensure that every country adheres to its obligations . 
  what he does is takes sides and pushes his own narrative and throws his weight behind countries that are breaking the rules and effectively deems the rules too unimportant for his self-appointed missions . 
  implying an ever-closer-integrating economic union with countries whose economies have enormous structural problems and an ever-closer-integrating political union with countries whose governments praise `` illiberal democracy '' or with different senses of responsibility , is in our interest . 
  there are endless arguments to use against merkel ; not being a federalist is not one of them since that 's not an argument against her , but for her . 
  he has two grams of brain , which nowadays is a strong comparative advantage in brussels . 
  regardless of how much any of us can agree with his job , he 's done it respectably instead of the clownish behavior of juncker & mogherini . 
  `` he drinks german beer , how dare he !!!!! '', 
  because he 's going beyond his job . 
  he has a legal job description , and all his competencies and responsibilities are perfectly well-defined , yet he acts like he 's our holy savior . 
  but merkel 's constitutionally defined job is defending german interests , not uniting europe . 
  juncker was never merkel 's puppet , which explains why she tried so hard to not get him elected . 
  but he is not a politician . 
  he is not supposed to act like one at least , but he loves to convince himself he is legally allowed to do that . 
  as in tradition . 
  and then after a week ... hon hon hon. 
  say all you want , the last time we appointed an eu representative ( tusk ) he did n't turn into a continental joke , and was actually independent during the refugee crisis . 
  `` the neighbor moved out '', 
  we won against fucking italy !!!!!, 
  oh , nothing . 
  an idiot entered a cinema , threatened people and was killed by our police . 
  a dead bird was found outside my workplace 's outer door . 
  that is all . 
  just arrived home thank god i did n't get a heart attack , i am sure the ambulance was booked until tusday . 
  boa was an idiot and draxler was n't on pitch and kimmich made a shitload of mistakes and basti is 200 years and \u00d6zil should never be allowed near a penalth ever again and mats is missing next match and a thousand laws about fireworks were broken and i died six times but who the fuck cares we won against fucking italy our guys did it is this even legal within eu directives ???? 
  oh , and watching gigi cry made the fully-drunk me who was jumping in celebration take five seconds of sadness . 
  just five seconds , but what a man . 
  oh , and fuck off pelle , how dare you try to taint my gk . 
  neuer is a very good penalty taker, 
  that 's the good thing , they 're not gastarbeiters . 
  they are immigrants who deserve integration programs and stuff . 
  i 've learned most of what i know about how eu functions from the greek bailouts ... and i am not even greek . 
  that is just stupid . 
  sch\u00e4uble has talked about giving less power to the commission , and simply passing rules through the parliament & keeping the commission technical . 
  am i right ? 
  have n't you heard ? 
  they are our first victim on our way to invade europe . 
  i think it 's even higher, 
  eu comes with responsibilities . 
  simple as that . 
  i our industry ( my company included ) has to suck it up & find new markets . 
  no , we are not . 
  france , italy , hungary . 
  we needed unity . 
  we got it . 
  scandinavia did act up , by allowing nord stream . 
  i am against it ... but finland is n't . 
  sch\u00e4uble also wants less power , no ? 
  and we like you back . 
  perfect choice . 
  you are not spending it . 
  you are guaranteeing them . 
  which means , it becomes your deficit problem in the future , which will mean that no , it 's not your money only . 
  it 's scandalous and it 's only a bandaid for structural problems . 
  it 's scandalous . 
  it would be much better if they just funded atlante , and then tried to work out the problems in your banking sector , esp .
