  well the government is merkel 's cabinet basically :p courts are a separate branch of the state . 
  the court 's decision are not merkel 's personal wishes . 
  if you want to talk about a contemporary issue - the government wanted to lower allowances for asylum seekers significantly , but the supreme court ( which is like the constitutional court in other countries ) did n't allow it . 
  i remember a discussion last month at r/worldnews where a guy who was explaining how the state and the government are different concepts in the uk was downvoted to like -30 because , let me quote the comments , `` the parliament 's administration is the government !!!! '', 
  uhm , not the government ? 
  that 's like the first principle of the state - both yours and mine . 
  no , it 's not pick and choose . 
  if our legal system decided to put people in jail for everything it can , there wo n't be any place left in jails 2 . 
  why in hell should we moan about turkish laws ? 
  if they want them , they can keep them 3 . 
  we do n't sue each other over stupid shit in general . 
  of course , sometimes it happens . 
  we wo n't change the law . 
  i can assure you we wo n't . 
  the government wo n't allow a prosecution , b\u00f6hmermann will be fine , but the rule wo n't be abolished . 
  it would incredibly stupid of merkel to make a big deal out of those caricatures, 
  each of our laws are worded like that though . 
  different legal system . 
  thank you very much for your very original reply to a german flair . 
  now get your ass out of your apartment and ask your neighbors if any of them comes from punjab , instead of insulting me for knowing your immigration policies better than you do . 
  britain did n't allow - or encourage - skilled , filtered immigration . 
  most of your asian immigrants are from punjab - the single most fucked up region in that part of the world . 
  that would be a littleeee unconstitutional as well as againsy eu law & geneva convention, 
  then egypt , then we let spain deal with morocco . 
  i said munich , neuk\u00f6lln is in berlin right ? 
  :d plus , in a train station neuk\u00f6lln a ( gay ) friend was physically pushed ( guess what , by turks ) simply for `` appearing gay '' . 
  and i 've also witnessed a `` stop it ! '', 
  being said to a gay couple in munich ( granted , it was in one of those cafes behind marienplatz ) holding hands . 
  again , i am not saying people will shoot you for being gay , however , wandering around rural bavaria kissing your boyfriend is not recommended - 1 . you will get bad looks & 2 . it will be seen as disrespectful . 
   germany and the other countries have maybe the best deal here , prostitution is regulated , no prostitutes in the streets and state gets a lot of taxes from it . 
  and like half of our prostitutes are forced to do it and have no idea in which city they are and speak five words in german and our cool state has ignored that for years , but let 's forget that part . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i had a female colleague who was worked in milano and she used to say the same thing - she did n't take the tram on her own after midnight , she made sure she was with friends when she got drunk , she kept a knife by her nightstand in case someone broke in . 
  was she just paranoid ? 
  i 've driven slowly past the `` shady '' zones of the city after midnight , and other than prostitutes , there was no indications that the city would be unsafe - the areas did n't look worse than , say , frankfurt ghettos , and frankfurt is still a perfectly safe place for women at night . 
  still ... 
  if you 're gay and visiting bavaria , try to keep kisses for private places . 
  hamburg is cool though . 
  and so are k\u00f6ln , d\u00fcsseldorf , berlin , etc - liberal places where basically no one cares if you go around wearing a bikini suit , stripper heels and a duck on your left shoulder . 
  i would n't recommend it to a gay couple to go around munich kissing , and munich has like 1,5 million people . 
  you would n't be attacked , but you * will * get angry looks or even a `` stop it '' from someone . 
  jerome fucking boateng . 
  like , his mom probably never left germany , she had a one-night stand with a ghanian and now the guy is an immigrant . 
  the best cb in the world , probably a future captain for the nt . 
  i was talking about our laws . 
  boateng for example is counted as a someone with `` immigration background '' , although he was born in berlin and probably never visited ghana in his life . 
  oh god , he looks like a pig . 
  i mean , if i marry a portugese girl and move to portugal , i do n't think my kids should be counted as foreigners . 
  do n't do the mistake our stats do - like half of the starting xi of the nt is legally with `` immigration background '', 
  welp , i thought they had more than 10 % foreigners . 
  it always feels like that . 
   kosovo is the safest country in europe ? 
  what are you kosovo \u00b4 s prime minister ? 
  :d both stats ( esp . 
  homicide rate ) & perceptions . 
  oh , i fully agree that richer countries are more likely to be safer , however , blaming it on wealth is a little off . 
  how about 16 million out of 81 ? 
  with all 16 million of them being located in the western big cities ? 
  italy is very homogenous ? 
  what ? 
  germany is homogenous ? 
  4 million turks & half of ee would like a word . 
  i know from a female colleague that she avoided walking alone at night in brussels ( and milano , for some reason ) . 
  you 're like 99 % portugese , the country is relatively small , the weather is amazing , the food is great , people are nice ... why in hell would anyone kill someone down there ? 
   also history matter , we had communism here which in the end meant our countries were , , super safe , , comparing to rest of the world , because of police everywhere and so on . 
  wow , easy there . 
  in the early '90 poland was n't safe at all , i remember many scary true-life stories . 
  now however , it 's like the coolest place to visit on your own . 
  ... and culture kosovo has like 45 % unemployment and is the safest country in europe . 
  i visited bosnia ( 40 % unemployment ) and in sarajevo , at 3am i got out to get sth to eat . 
  there was a 24h grocery shop open five minutes away , and on my way to the shop and my way back to the hotel , i saw two girls , both visibly drunk apparently going back home on their own . 
  or see poland , portugal , romania - all countries that have a considerable portion of their population under poverty and are still perfectly safein both urban & rural zones . 
  `` i refuse to visit this country that has half of the rape rate my country has , because i fear i 'll be gang raped '' yeap , makes total sense . 
  there 's a movie about this no ? 
  or am i talking about a different story ? 
  even for a guy , it was scary to watch . 
  well , if your family is moderate muslim and you celebrate the holidays and do n't eat pork , aaaand you 've got the proper religious education , then chances of going crazy are smaller . 
  if you grew up livinf like everyone around you , then suddenly grew a beard , gave up on alcohol and started praying 5 times a day ... 
  chances are you already went a little crazy . 
  we already give 25 bln $ annually without nothing what they come up with . 
  sch\u00e4uble is clear about this : yes , we can give even more , if there are rules that are respected by the southerners and checks . 
  lol , it will be really funny if they tried it on a continental level . 
  intelligence ? 
  smart guys, 
  except it wo n't work . 
  it 's not like germans will suddenly stop saving because draghi said so and whatever he 's doing is alienating people , so ecb will lose credibility . 
  and yes , 0 interest rates fuck everyone who actually relies on their savings . 
  draghi does n't even * know * what he 's doing at this point . 
  helicopter money ? 
  buying corporate bonds directly ? 
  if he wants to emulate fed , that 's fine , he can want that , the only problem is that , that 's technically illegal for the ecb . 
  and if that lawsuit would happen , of course he 's losing it , he 's breaking the basic rules of the institution he 's leading - even if you think that is good for the european economy , you ca n't argue with the fact that he * is * breaking the rules . 
  however , do n't worry , the lawsuit wo n't happen - we really have no appetite to fuck our monetary stability in middle of like three big crisis . 
  except fucking the biggest economy of the eurozone does n't really help the eurozone , but fine . 
  do n't let poland hear you !, 
  ^ me ^ too ^ < 3, 
  i remember being told they really love albanians . 
  ca n't confirm whether it 's true or not . 
  i second this . 
  i 've only visited istanbul & izmir , but people were really helpful , the only city i 've found more helpful people is warsaw .
