  who is `` them '' ? 
  this is not a conventional war between two stable countries , where a couple of bombs can end tbe whole thing . 
  got it cruz ? 
  the 2,7 million syrian refugees in turkey are not in turkey for vacations . 
  the ankara bombing was criminally underreported . 
  not even bothering to mention it in flash-news-editions is simply wrong . 
  we ca n't send our army to defend turkey . 
  that counts as an invasion . 
  we 've helped them with all they 've asked - from support troops to machinery . 
  plus , eurovision . 
  progressive as in , could serve as an example on how a secure , stable , secular , developed , muslim country can function . 
  hey if the british government wants to say `` fuck you '' to its own citizens , i wo n't change their minds . 
  i have my popcorn ready . 
  this is not on merkel & hollande you ca n't have informal negotiations in a formal setting . 
  and if the two of them decided to negotiate informally , god-save-us-from-eastern-rhetoric on how they 're trying to sell out eu members to get a better deal . 
  and dunno about france , but we can not afford that . 
  sorry , but does n't seem like you know how the banking system works, 
  ... for you . 
  it 's just a simple flag . 
  now get out with your r/shitamericanssay bullshit comment . 
  out !, 
  good to know , i guess, 
  buddy , there 's this thing this month where 22 men kick around a ball . 
  remember that ? 
  no , he did not . 
  he specifically talked about granting more autonomy to national states . 
  ... and where are we supposed to find 37,3 billion euros ? 
  you 're acting like the annual trade surplus is packed somewhere in some underground station in berlin . 
  joke 's on them , we have their tanks !, 
  trump is a whole another level of stupidity and extremism . 
  because he wo n't get any other minutes in the euros anyway , so it was the perfect chance . 
  ich bin istanbul it is then . 
   this requires leadership of the heads of state or government . 
  i was reminded of this : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/spiegel-interview-with-wolfgang-schaeuble-on-brexit-a-1096999.html, 
  1600 too many . 
  syria is enough of a mess without us getting involved and sending people there without actually knowing what we want for syria . 
  now , any particular reason why an american flair on r/europe is trying to bash german military operations in a post about a flag ? 
  edit : 1200 too many . 
  i understand why those 400 have to be in turkey . 
  why did n't conte start insigne ? 
  that was just stupid . 
  kurds are also often portrayed as liberal , progressive people , despite being responsible for over 90 % of all honour killings in germany , but let 's blame that on turks . 
  tak -  based in turkey . 
  they want full independence . 
  they are the guys who broke up with pkk because they found them too soft ( kind of like isis ... you know you 're shit when al-qaeda says you 're shit ) . 
  they do a shitload of bombings , targeting mainly civilians in the western parts of the country . 
  they are responsible for around 60 deaths in two separate attacks in 2016 . 
  i think we have forgot to list them as a terrorist organization , but they actually are such . 
  pkk -  terrorist , marxist group who have been around for decades . 
  they declared a ceasefire some years ago , which was later broken by them & now they 're fighting with the government . 
  we have , thankfully , not forgotten to list them as a terrorist organization , esp . 
  since they 've also messed with turks inside german territory during the mess that were the ' 90 . 
  they 've also tried to attack german state institutions in the past . 
  yes , they are cunts . 
  they are slightly softer than tak , and they usually target military and police buildings instead of trying to kill as many people as possible . 
  they were strengthened by the syrian civil war . 
  in the latest operations , a pretty high number of kurdish civilians has been killed . 
  peshmerga -  operates in iraq . 
  they have an army , a police , etc. 
  ( all these are legitimate & accepted by the iraqi gov ) . 
  good guys in general . 
  we 've armed & trained them in the last years , because they 're protecting their territory from isis ( incl . 
  minorities ) . 
  turkey is fine with them a lot & they cooperate : we 're actually using turkish airbases for these operations as it 's more practical , and training them in turkish soil . 
  ypg -  also soft marxists . 
  they operate in northern syria . 
  initially they were just defending their own territory , then they had this huge battle in kobani . 
  when they started getting involved outside their territory , they formed sdf together with other groups , and they 're getting air support from the us . 
  dunno if you 've armed them , we have n't . 
  turkey hates them , considers them pkk partners , and has attacked them in the past couple of years , as well as accuse them for facilitating two attacks in southeastern turkey . 
  in 2015 , there were reports of instances of ethnic cleansing . 
  trivia : a german girl fighting for ypg was killed some years ago . 
  i found a turk who does n't care about football !, 
  remember what varoufakis said ? 
  southern governments did n't want a generous bailout for greece . 
  portugal is in a pretty good position compared to the other 3 ( igs ) . 
  their corruption is going down ( while their current government is a little * weird * , they are clean ) . 
  their unemployment is going down . 
  their economy is healthier than it was five years ago , and more sustainable . 
  they have a very well-but-lightly-regulated it sector , with the 2nd highest internet speed in we . 
  their physical infrastructure conditions are among the best in eu , their renewable energy sector is booming . 
  their workforce is well-educated . 
  lowest crime rates in eu . 
  and as / u/tapk69 says : they have sun . 
  so eu should not have a common stance on , say , russia ? 
  22 % of our people want to leave the eu ? 
  what ? 
  france forced germany into a currency union . 
  were n't you kicked out because italy fucked up ? 
  my logic exactly, 
  `` ok , kids , now we are a big , big federal republic of equal states and sovereign communities . 
  i will send you a form from paris that you should use to explain your teaching responsibilities in every school in every city in your state . 
  do n't forget to use blue ink and send it via normal mail , back to paris ! '', 
  germany was a federation though . 
  as a bavarian , we have to go through learning the whole federalization process and how we `` pulled a denmark '' and all that . 
  denmark takes care of their own business while keeping their mouth shut . 
  hats off to them . 
  say all you want about denmark , but their government takes full responsibility over the country instead of sending angry owls with encrypted messages to berlin & brussels . 
  exactly you do n't like the eu ? 
  in france you can set cars in fire .
