  i never accussed them of russophilia . 
  i have not lost my mind . 
  now care to enlighten me about your donald finding inspiration in putin ? 
  i only said some months . 
  i understand they 've changed positions . 
  several times . 
  did n't one of their ministers say ukip has `` civilized '' the debate on immigration ? 
  do n't they have regular visits from that ukip - friends of poles or whatever the name is ? 
  did ' t that woman ( ca n't remember the name , the lawyer with glasses ) say that the brexit campaign has inspired her to work more and find uncompatibilities between the polish constitution & the treaty of lisbon , or sth equally stupid close to that ? 
  did n't kaczynski say that brexit win means a new treaty is needed ? 
  and what was that `` we 're in the same boat '' comment ( i think it was for uk post-brexit , i do n't think he meant it for ukip ) ? 
  or `` they 're our biggest ally '' , for that matter ? 
  and that , in the only moment in history where the leave campaign was around 55 % ? 
  this is the guy pis looked up to for some months . 
  just sayin ' . 
  if there will be a german-french superstate , you 'll look back to these years and cry . 
  crimea , south osetia and that other region whose name i ca n't spell would like a word . 
  or actually no . 
  just have a look at serbia or montenegro . 
  we tried to push for hartz 4 reforms and the entire r/europe and the entire fucking continent has been calling us nazis for it it 's like we do n't live in the same continent or sth . 
  and btw , renzi is pushing for reforms back home . 
  then they 'll find sth else to scapegoat . 
  first thing , because `` nazi merkel '' sounds cooler second thing , because france chose to hide when it came to bailouts third thing , they 've had a lot of problems and ca n't be expected to take a lot of responsibility fourth thing , hollande is not supported at home . 
  germany has been pretty stable , and merkel reaches approval rates like 77 % once in a while fifth thing , crimea . 
  putin only talked to merkel . 
  obama only talked to merkel . 
  kinda weird to let poroshenko talk to hollande , and hollande only . 
  thank you for the informative answer . 
  yeap , i know . 
  i 've felt more welcomed in warsaw than in fucking zurich . 
  i am also skeptic that hollande has it , and i am definitely sure most of my compatriots will never take renzi seriously . 
  does n't invalidate my point . 
  i said become , if he grows up . 
  he was present because merkel wanted to take a pic , not becauss he is a big player . 
  but there 's also hollande ... oh well . 
  we still pushed for them though , simply on population size & geographical position . 
  ( not for altruistic reasons , i am not saying i need a thank you . ), 
  someone got ta do british humour know that the brits are double-out, 
  tusk has not become a joke like juncker . 
  i do n't think he 's had an effect on brexit , but the guy has been a disaster since the way he 's stepped in office . 
  a shame , since both timmermans and selmayr have been pretty good in their jobs ( esp . 
  the dutch guy ) who the fuck thought putting this guy on top was a good idea ? 
  that 's beyond me . 
  he 's overstayed , and for some reason he thinks his power lies beyond those mentioned in the law . 
  he is always a walking pr disaster, 
  how is boris one of the most liked politicians of the country ? 
  are n't his recent interviews enough ? 
  he sounds like a clown . 
  and btw , why do n't people like theresa ? 
  half an hour , a pole defending german camps , now a greek saying we want the best for eu as a whole . 
  looks like brexit is pulling us all together . 
  we genuinely wanted poland to be a top 3 . 
  we pushed for it for years . 
  they decided to elect an eurosceptic government whose pm refused to visit berlin for months . 
  and btw you 've forgot netherlands . 
  yes , it feels good . 
  like ? 
  please remind me of the last significant time that happened ? 
  do you count libya as a success ? 
  plus , we get pizza , pasta and decent ravioli . 
  it 's not merkel 's fault italy had berlusconi and france took a six-year-long-nap . 
  merkel did not want this , and she would rather go around naked than have to deal with crimea on her own . 
  italy can into triangle !, 
  me & some italian flair talked about this here last night . 
  i would love for renzi to become the counterweight to merkel if he keeps up the growing up part . 
  i 've felt very well in poland . 
  i 've gotten help in both english & german when i needed it . 
  i had someone stop his car and help me change the tire in rural southern poland . 
  i did not . 
  i was referring specifically to german xenophobes who hate poles right now in 2016 . 
  you ... you 're defending me . 
  for the holocaust . 
  you get the youngest and safest fleet of the continent , for 20 euros . 
  fine by me . 
  fuck this shit , my french is terrible and i am too lazy to revise it . 
  can we please stick to english like normal people, 
  italian grammar is from another world . 
  same structure . 
  french is beautiful , but it 's a mess for slavic speakers . 
  when ? 
  3 decades ago ? 
  the rest of germany would be happy for us leaving , and then default on their debts . 
  after hitting 27 other cars . 
  too soon . 
  tusk is a sweetheart , i miss him . 
  can he become polish pm again ? 
  please ? 
  i 'd like a word . 
  not twice on the same elections though . 
  unless you 're spain , and you 're not . 
  spain could actually count their votes in three hours instead of fifteen . 
  `` etihad palace '', 
  it was actually on twitter , just too funny to let it go away . 
  i did n't follow the post-match `` punditry '' , i had emails to work on . 
  understandable . 
  you , as a country . 
  and le pen is a racist who would rather blow her country up than let you in . 
  ours : `` they could use some 350 million # for goalkeeping training '', 
  they invoked article 50 . 
  someone call merkel , renzi & hollande .
