  after he translated the bible into german , luther wanted everyone , male or female , rich or poor , to read it . 
  at first protestants became more literate than catholics ; ultimately all germans became bookish . 
  finally , a familiar thesis links luther to german attitudes towards money . 
  in this view catholics , used to confessing and being absolved after each round of sins , tend to run up debts ( schulden , from the same root as schuld , or `` guilt '' ) , whereas protestants see saving as a moral imperative . 
  this argument , valid or not , has a familiar ring in southern europe 's mainly catholic and orthodox countries , which have spent the euro crisis enduring lectures on austerity from wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , germany 's devoutly lutheran finance minister . 
  yet on money , too , luther differed from other reformers . 
  when max weber wrote of the protestant work ethic in 1904 , he had in mind calvinism and its relatives , such as american puritanism . 
  calvin viewed an individual 's ability to get rich as a sign that god had predestined him to be saved . 
  to luther , christians were already saved , so wealth was suspect . 
  instead of amassing it , christians should work for their community , not themselves . 
  not profit but redistribution was the goal . 
  according to gerhard wegner , a professor of theology , this `` lutheran socialism '' finds secular expression in the welfare states of scandinavia and germany . 
  luther 's `` subcutaneous '' legacy keeps popping up in surprising places , says mrs eichel . 
  germans , and especially lutherans , buy more life insurance but fewer shares than others ( luther did n't believe in making money without working for it ) . 
  and everywhere they insist on conscientious observance of principle and order . 
  they religiously separate their rubbish by the colour of glass and are world champions at recycling ( 65 % of all waste ) , easily beating the second-place south koreans . 
  holier than thou luther also shares blame for some negative qualities ascribed to germans . 
  he was deeply anti-semitic , a prejudice his countrymen have shed at great cost ( he blamed evil stares from jews for the illness that eventually killed him ) . 
  germans ' legendary obedience to authority is attributed to luther 's insistence on separating spiritual and worldly authorities ( which princes in his day found useful in suppressing a peasants ' revolt ) . 
  and although personally fond of boisterous jokes , he was among the founding figures of germany 's rather humourless and preachy tradition of public discourse . 
  germans today are the first to bemoan their national habit of delivering finger-wagging lectures . 
  such rigid moralism can make germans hard to deal with , especially in brussels , where the eu 's problems demand a willingness to let misdemeanours slide . 
  but there are worse traits than excessive morality . 
  besides , 500 years on , lutheran germany is being transformed by globalisation . 
  germany today has not only devout ascetics but everything from consumerist hipsters to om-chanting yogis . 
  a growing muslim population is pushing the country towards a new kind of religious pluralism . 
  mrs eichel herself finds german churches `` too serious '' ; she attends one headed by an african-american gospel preacher . 
  if the downside of germans ' lutheran heritage is a difficulty in lightening up or accepting alternative lifestyles , they seem to be getting over it . 
  from this map , does n't look bad for us . 
  that 's before we consider how much of a disaster the mixed schools in berlin/hamburg have been, 
  yay , de average !, 
  and lose customers in their base market ? 
  i think more or less everyone is aware that gay marriage will be passed during 2017-2021 so i ca n't see how it stands higher than immigration, 
  because syria is in middle of a fucking civil war , afghanistan has seen intensive fighting and has huge chunks of the territory under taliban control , and north korea is ... nk . 
  but tunisia * is * a democracy and a stable , secure country where a pretty high number of german tourists go every year . 
  it 's not perfect , but it 's safe enough to deport people to . 
  except , afd will actually have 10 % ( of 15 % ) of total mp number, 
  `` fuck yourself up '' was meant as a `` long term , serious fuckup '' not `` you got drunk & texted your ex-gf '', 
  no , the point is , that 15 million number sounds scary unless you 're in germany & know so many people with `` an immigration background '' . 
  are you saying i should be scared of my ex-girlfriend dating jerome boateng & having brown babies , the horror . 
  yes . 
  absolutely fucking not . 
  the guy was denied asylum by our authorities , had no grounds on being on duldung & was an identified security risk . 
  yes , those people should be deported . 
  that 15 million includes like half of the starting xi of our nt , some of my colleagues , two ex-girlfriends , my barber & half of my building, 
  exactly . 
  i love our system . 
  `` we 'll let you train yourself to not fuck yourself up '', 
  but is the same thing with , say , hamburg , and yet they manage to take care of themselves without becoming a national embarrassment, 
  and there are a lot of quirky , nice restaurants around berger strasse nowadays . 
  so at least it has * sth * going on . 
  boring as fuck in 2016-2017 ? 
  yayyyy , sign me up !, 
  understandable . 
  the terrorist should have been deported . 
  let 's guess the names of the three parties who are blocking `` tunisia as a safe country '', 
  but frankfurt is boring af . 
  can we do munich ? 
  pleaaaaase ? 
  guess what , so do we . 
  berlin is a victim of being exceptionally bad at managing their own finances . 
  i 'm not saying they should be a net giver , but it 's the single worst-managed , most corrupt , most wasteful state in the country , and * that 's * the problem we have with them , not ww2 . 
  because they kinda tried to ethnically clean three nations in their pursuit of unity . 
  killing everyone who 's different will , of course , lead to a unitary state . 
  before , or after they talked about kim 's brother getting back with that black chick whose name i do n't know ? 
  it 's die linke , what do you expect, 
  and because of a fucked up decentralization system , 3 tiny city-states have more power than the most populous region + richest region put together . 
  let 's give him the benefit of doubt and suppose it 's about the karneval, 
   punctuality is swabian ja ja , good fucking luck finding a single punctual train in `` prussia '' now , here in the south . . 
  and some leftist cunts want to centralize education do all you want with berlin , just keeps your hands off from my kids ' education, 
  augsburg on reddit ? 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  dozens !, 
  but ... we still rich af . 
  got ta keep that lexicon fresh, 
  scotland is not the best region in the whole eu to live in . 
  i do n't know where our oldest church is , but sure as hell it ca n't be in fucking dortmund . 
  you can mathematically prove than when unemployment falls , our poverty rates will go up , because u falls -  wages go up -  the level of income defined as `` poverty '' goes back -  due to pensioners having fixed income & kids having no money , number of people under this level goes up -  poverty rate goes up . 
  you do n't happen to celebrate ny outside that often do you ? 
  i 've seen the drunken version of me & my friends doing more stupid shit that joining an `` allahu akhbar '' chant . 
  and there even was n't such a chant, 
  no , you guys are still better than us when it comes to unemployment . 
  the big surprise for us was the last quarter ... prior to that , the rest of 2016 numbers were in line with expectations . 
   and you have to add 10 $ / h can be a reasonable basis for living in germany if it is a full time job ( of course depending on location and personal situation ) . 
  for a single person , it 's enough for a pretty decent life pretty much everywhere bar munich . 
  for a couple where only one partner works , it 's somewhat manageable everywhere , but definitely get out of munich/frankfurt/hamburg / k\u00f6ln to live comfortably . 
  but then , if you 're in munich/frankfurt/hamburg , the other partner can get a fucking job instead of complaining . 
  i live in augsburg , definitely all of them are 10-11 $ / hour, 
  the economist can shut up . 
  there are conditions where a min wage increases growth , and there are conditios where it is detrimental . 
  germany 2015 is a textbook example of the first case, 
  technically it 's 4,1 % . 
  6 % is our government numbers , which are higher, 
  no , am perfectly white, 
  i still got no idea how the fuck we 'll manage that g8 meeting in hamburg this year . 
  it 'll require the entire police force of the country . 
  yeah , i was also asked for an id . 
  which police was the one who tweeted `` woman groped , 5 suspects arrested '' ? 
  like ... you ca n't go through a night when half a million drunk people are on the streets w/o a single grope , no need to tweet out everything just because you went apeshit crazy last year . 
  and the berlin police tweeted `` now he gon na celebrate ny with us '' they might be totally incompetent , but their banter is top notch,
