  you know , same thing they apparently do for bathrooms . 
  / s and it kills two birds with a stone : transgenders & muslims ; their favorite demographics . 
  she 's a german citizen , where do we deport her to , some other planet we have to occupy ? 
  things to note a. 
  six years is what prosecution required b. german legal experts of r/europe : could you please tl ; dr us all on what constitutes attempted murder in this case , and on which arguments is her lawyer demanding it to be removed from the sentencing ? 
  c . when the fuck are we locking up that pierre vogel cunt . 
  all five of them are a better fit than trump/hillary/may / corbyn/le pen/hollande/fillon , which is what i was trying to say . 
  but ... whom are they leading ? 
  colonial britain was * not * inwards-looking . 
  oh , he managed to put up with a gay man , he 'll manage to put up with two green conservatives . 
  christian lindner , fdp katrin g\u00f6ring-eckardt and cem \u00d6zdemir , green party . 
  they 're both good candidates , and if all cdu/spd voters suddenly die , we have another 3 candidates who are perfectly capable of doing the job . 
  now let 's be real , merkel is more or less the only one with a chance . 
  yes , but with \u00d6zdemir & that katrin girl . . 
  there 's no progressive side of merkel and there has never been a progressive side of her . 
  her refugee approach was as christian as it can get . 
  her response to trump is also a conservative response of `` i 'll find a way to make it work , but i wo n't compromise on human dignity '', 
  yes , but 2009 was not as predictable as 2013 . 
  two ? 
  we have five good candidates . 
  i 'd be perfectly fine with every single one of them . 
  there 's always a `` welcome bonus '' tho . 
  let 's wait a month or so , and things should be cleared . 
  there 's always offenbach . 
  how . 
  the . 
  did we end up with such a fucked-up group planning to attack the police & civilians ? 
  oh wait , by treating them like harmless idiots who ca n't hurt a fly . 
  no , merkel said it in may when trumo was n't even a final candidate, 
  someone should sit people down to remind them that country 's stability is far , far , far more important that party ideologies . 
  merkel is also not `` authentic '' when in front of crowds , that 's what all journalists say , that she is so funny and charming in private . 
  the thing is , merkel 's public persona does n't rub anyone in the wrong way , and sigmar 's does . 
  i have to add this too : i ca n't believe that in these crazy times , my country will have two perfectly capable and respectable candidates for the post of the chancellor . 
  who cares ? 
  we need a chancellor to govern , we have netflix for entertainment . 
  yes , but this is germany . 
  how many people do you know that let social issues determine their vote ? 
   polls have consistently undervalued the far right last year . 
  polls undervalued afd in bw & rp , but overvalued it in berlin & meck-pomm . 
  is there even a contest ? 
  can he pleaaase show that side in public ? 
  i 'm fucking tired of despising my vice-chancellor . 
  someone should sit him down and remind him that he a. 
  is part of the government b. 
  agreed to a balanced budget, 
  hey , trying to convince your family & friends still counts . 
  have fun wherever you 're going !, 
  so if we get npd in power the rest of the country will function like bavaria ? 
  thank you constitutional court !!! 11 !! 1 !!, 
  merkel is still a conservative , and gabriel is still left of her, 
  we already trust each-other dude . 
  i love my fellows sometimes . 
  oh well on one hand , this definitely increases the chances of a left government from 0 % to a single-digit , positive number . 
  on the other hand , if the sky falls down and we get that left government , we 'll actually have a respectable chancellor instead of that rambling , bumbling bundle of fat . 
  still voting for csu . 
  this campaign will be pretty interesting , and consistent with my earlier promise on glorious r/europe , i 'm volunteering . 
  most of german redditors are left-leaning . 
  we once had a comment chain of csu voters here on r/europe , and i was surprised to see six people . 
  schulz is a good guy . 
  i have my issues with a leftist government , but i really would n't mind schulz to be the new `` de facto leader of the eu '' . 
  he 's pro-eu , he 's more of a federalist than merkel , and the rest of the eu respects him . 
  a much better choice than gabriel , definitely . 
  that being said , his chances of becoming chancellor are quite slim . 
  afd voters prefer schulz because they never heard about the guy . 
  die linke voters prefer a leftist candidate over a conservative , oh the tone of surprise . 
  he said it * after * he was elected . 
  after ** both ** were to become presidents . 
  he sees us as an enemy because our cars are good . 
  let that sink in . 
   trump or no , that regime is far worse . 
  congrats , china has a worse track record than the us on human rights . 
  no one is saying trump will do whatever the current chinese pm is doing . 
  what we 're saying is , the reason we stick with the us is shared values . 
  once we stop sharing those values , who cares ? 
  we might as well start cooperating with the guys who do n't give interviews to our tabloids where they congratulate countries for dividing the eu or threaten the core industry of the biggest country of the continent with punitive measures . 
  still in the top 5 `` best places in the whole fucking world to live in , regardless of who you are '', 
  exactly . 
  i also disagree with some of her policies , strongly disagree with a couple . 
  there are things i despise and hate about her chancellorship . 
  but there 's never been a moment when i ceased to respect her . 
  she has german passport , and we do n't punish families for what a member does , we 're not north korea . 
  that 's the only thing left to do . 
  we ca n't give up on our economy . 
  we ca n't pray to god to help us we ca n't rely on republicans to keep trump on check we ca n't find out what he 'll do we have to be as prepared as possible for every single scenario . 
  literally no one , let alone merkel , has ever lost a minute of sleep over this `` abysmal reputation '' . 
  the woman is on 59 % after the biggest crisis since reunification and 11 years in power . 
  sure , but there 's a reason why she 's been chancellor for 11 years . 
  because she 's a grownup . 
  mao or stalin were not german, 
  beer at 8am in the train ? 
  beer at 11am in a business meeting ? 
  beer at 3pm in the parliament ? 
  beer after work ? 
  i 'm both happy & surprised we 're not mentioned, 
  germany is though, 
  like when greece needed to save its ass . 
  several times . 
  she 's a conservative, 
  mirror is not even reliable enough for kylie 's lip fillers, 
  the problem with nazism is not simply authoritarian fascism , it 's the idea that the leaders of this country sat down and came up with a ( pretty brilliant , got ta say ) plan to industrially exterminate millions and millions and millions of people .
