  it 's hard to understand because `` heavy industry '' practically saved our ass when the `` tertiary sector '' economies around the world were falling over themselves less than a decade ago, 
   the more industrialized a country ** ist ** flair up, 
  denmark , you have no idea what you 're missing, 
  read . 
  the . 
  damn . 
  article . 
  exactly . 
  what a smart guy, 
  i say as long as the number of eaten citizens remain a single-digit , we let them do it, 
  that was a guy from kosovo , a lone wolf inspired by facebook videos of american soldiers in afghanistan who shot two american soldiers in the airport he worked at the attempts are what is worrying , a stupid guy shooting two people is not * that * worrying, 
  that would actually be very practical, 
  he looks good though, 
  hungarians be like `` porn stars taking our jerbs !!! '', 
  no one forgets about you !, 
  because they 're claiming the `` old macedonians '' to be the same as the `` new macedonians '' . 
  if you had visited skopje , you 'd know what i am talking about . 
  the city is like a giant zoo of granite lions and old ships and doric buildings, 
  greece should implement this as an austerity measure, 
  yes , but good luck telling that to the rest of the world . 
  why on hell their politicians thought taking responsibility and making short-term sacrifices instead of this decade-long recension with no escape on sight was a bad deal is beyond me . 
  for the 25th time in the last 6 months, 
  are you guys , like , you know , super super rich ? 
  wtf romania, 
  macedonia only got visa-free travel some years ago . 
  it should feel bad to have waited for months for a simple visa to visit your kids who work in germany , then suddenly a bunch of africans get to pass freely , often without any papers and get welfare there . 
  we had that and you guys complained :(, 
  we tried to do that . 
  for decades . 
  to a great level of success , i have to say . 
  ostpolitik was great . 
  during schr\u00f6der ? 
  even during merkel - no war . 
  eventually putin did a swaggy speech at our parliament . 
  then the man decided to send tourists to eastern ukraine :') then bomb half of syria :') then threaten denmark with nuclear attacks :') yes , a good relationship between us would be a great thing , but that can not happen if they keep invading all their neighbors, 
  there is a `` are you syrious '' facebook account ( ca n't link the status ) . 
  arrivals in greece in the last 3-4 days have been minimal , but it looks like people start appearing in croatia . 
  ( no numbers today for serbia )  1,760 refugees entered the slavonski brod camp while 2,660 refugees left the camp slovenia  516 refugees entered slovenia by 6 pm today while 1,162 refugees left . 
  the numbers are similar , if not worse for the last week , with minimal arrivals registered in greece, 
  `` asylum seekers '' all semi-reliable newspapers published this part . 
  there is a nice list with the nationalities of 58 suspects , sit down and read it and stop talking about `` lies and propaganda '' . 
  it 's perfectly available online . 
  the majority of germans just want us to be a giant , less-regulated , poorer and cheaper switzerland . 
  we pulled that off for some time - but i do n't we 'll be able to pull it off for much longer , there are many factors at stake . 
  after ukraine , everyone turned to germany . 
  like , no one called london or paris or even washington . 
  and they did n't really call neither geneva nor zurich . 
  no , they all called berlin . 
  when that happens , there is no way to stay swiss . 
   i found a rational person in a post full of `` let greece take care of them '', 
  numbers are available at the unhcr website . 
  check them . 
  who would have thought . 
  note : with the support of the syrian government . 
  so not a militarily enforced no fly zone , but a diplomatically agreed on civilian protection zone . 
  it 's not about decision making , it 's about responsibility , are you saying it 's not our responsibility if there is a humanitarian crisis in greece ? 
  it 's february . 
  if 700 people did n't want their way to finland around russia during the biggest refugee crisis the continent has seen in seven decades , how come 700 found their way in 40 incredibly cold days , traveling through one of the coldest , deserted countries of this world ? 
  homogeneous is ethnicity . 
  you can call arabs white , then add turks , poles , italians , half of spain , greeks , serbs , russians , hungarians , czechs , slovaks , portugese , serbs , albanians , americans and many white asians ... 
  please tell me my country is homogeneous because it 's majorly white, 
  austria will sent a text message before closing the border , i guess . 
  i do n't think merkel will learn it from reddit and neither i think she 'll learn it after gruevski, 
  we do n't either however , * us * allowing this to happen ( while probably the final outcome ) would be wronging them in a fundamental way - in my opinion , far more than austerity . 
  on the other hand , i understand what it means for us - at least buys us some time , so i fully understand the government 's reasoning behind doing nothing but sending a couple of angry letters , however still ... greece , sorry for fucking you for the multiple time in the last decade . 
  this time , we will also hopefully benefit from it, 
  from my experience , while you drink , you like to drink wine with food . 
  it 's pretty hard to get drunk by wine while eating a full meal so i guess you 'll be fine either way, 
  well , at least they still have her number , i guess, 
  for the biggest economy in the world , obama is a communist , hollande is stalin on steroids and rubio is a reasonable centre-right guy, 
  again , please do n't use only the gay marriage argument . 
  the majority of her voters are pro gay marriage . 
  there are a billion things in which the new cdu is not conservative ( far more important issues than gay marriage ) and i am counting the time with fdp too, 
  i am from augsburg , i only replied to `` france '' comment to answer your question : they hate us ` cuz they ai n't us !, 
  i watched the republican debate last night . 
  it 's practically the only thing on earth that makes me feel better about our politics, 
  `` make germany great again '' that 's how we 'd get invaded by poland, 
  austerity for southern countries , keynesian policies for us when we in a crisis, 
  of course , christian conservative is fine ( i vote for csu , after all ) . 
  the only problem is , cdu is * not * cc anymore . 
  if one day i move to hambug , i 'd rather vote for fdp than cdu . 
  what ? 
  sch\u00e4uble is like the most pro-european guy in any government in any country, 
  ofcourse . 
  i mention that in very post . 
  but until the current refugee crisis started , merkel had refrained from ever mentioning the word `` christian '' backpedaling on schr\u00f6der 's reforms is not right conservatism refusing to have a central regulation of immigration is not right conservatism the way the current crisis is managed is not conservatism rising taxes , regulating the economy even more and lowering the retirement age are not conservative policies the clusterfuck with nuclear energy is not a conservative policy downsizing the military and refusing to invest in it is not a conservative policy allowing cases of double citizenship is not a conservative policy but sure , talk about gay marriage, 
  cdu is against gay marriage . 
  merkel is against gay marriage . 
  are they the far right ? 
  do n't nitpick arguments, 
  and lately , in the last decade , it has n't been very conservative no ? 
  bielefeld you ca n't bomb a city that no one believes exists, 
  they 've been fucked by pretty much every balkan war and every invader . 
  i 'd rather go to madagascar and find the lion king there, 
  can we create a champions league ? 
  please ? 
  but but ... 
  i am from augsburg ... 
  no , thank you very much, 
  yes , your shoes are amazing .
