  all that , in the last month . 
  yeap , they work pretty well together in general . 
  thank god . 
  and assad is just a nice little puppy who was forced by these bad guys from sa to gas his own people . 
  what a poor sweetheart . 
  i do n't care why you did that . 
  do n't fucking mess with another country , and then be pissed when a third country takes responsibility for you mistakes . 
  leave merkel out of this . 
  she did n't divide her country in two halves , you did that to yourself , now work it out . 
  time to work on your german again buddy . 
  i still blame her for every single thing that happens here and i think she has some massive flaws ... but there 's literally no one i 'd rather have in power 2005-2013 . 
  i think she should have left post-2013 , but before that ? 
  no one . 
  she provided calmness and stability in some pretty weird times . 
  that her job and she did it amazingly . 
  it 's sch\u00e4uble , of course he predicts the worst possible outcome . 
  that 's literally his job now . 
  shit , this corbyn guy is really an idiot . 
  could you please take a moment and explain why do you need a new labour leader and all that ? 
  i did n't hear anything today in the news , and tomorrow i 'll be too busy with the euros and cooking ( btw , any interesting recipe anyone has tried lately ? ), 
  how ? 
   it did , and now he 's in a fantastic position . 
  not really . 
  he 'll get to be the one to pull the trigger . 
  that 's a fantastic position , and not a good thing for his legacy . 
  we 're eurosceptic too . 
  that does n't mean we 'll say `` k bye '' if we have a once-in-history-opportunity to actually do this right and improve the standing of europe . 
  how the fuck can you call off the wedding because of a political split ? 
  we would have all killed each-other already if we started calling off weddings for political splits . 
  my girlfriend has voted for spd her whole life , and we just do n't talk politics much . 
  end of the story , everyone is happy . 
  tier-based means you get to choose , if you fulfill criteria . 
  you do n't want to be in schengen ? 
  fine , good luck . 
  you 're still in the eurozone . 
  you do n't want the euro ? 
  fine , good luck , you 're still in schengen . 
  and so one and so forth . 
  you know your entire economy is based on the common market right ? 
  good luck with your fiscal policies as a tax heaven . 
  concerning your debt , and the fact that banks will need an eu headquarters , and all that . 
  `` ignoring the will of their people '' that 's not democratic . 
  that 's literally how they 're out, 
  yes , but getting 25 other members to go against uk will be hard . 
  starting from denmark . 
  we do n't have the power to bully the rest into it . 
  for the love of god , your government should stay the fuck out of this . 
  considering that merkel probably dreams about boiling juncker alive , i do n't think that has any relevance for this article . 
  uk actually signed for `` an ever closer union '' . 
  it 's literally the 2nd sentence in the agreement . 
  merkel was not nasty towards greece . 
  she was like a shouting , hysteric mom that at the end saves your ass anyway . 
  not our fault bad cop daddy ca n't get their economy back together , and thus had to have their banks bailed out , but later pushed for debt reduction . 
  yes , but we 're here too . 
  and netherlands , austria , czech republic , denmark , sweden , romania , croatia , bulgaria , probably the baltics , shit probably even poland , will vote against an uk agreement we vote for because , frankly , we have to keep their interests in mind during these negotiations . 
  we wo n't vote against france . 
  so basically you 're expecting portugal to get you a favorable deal . 
  they are our little mute twin brother . 
  to answer your question : i think they lost some credibility because of their political , ahem , adventures . 
  we 're not doing anything against their interest anyway . 
  it 's better for them & eu if they stay quiet for some time . 
  the title is wrong . 
  good cop bad cop . 
  merkel gets enough hate as it is , and that 's not healthy for the eu . 
  founding members . 
  are you seriously implying tiny luxembourg is more important than denmark , sweden or spain ? 
  the guy is talking about problems created by bosnians . 
  good cop bad cop in international stage is the best good cop bad cop . 
  looks like i am totally off . 
  maybe it 's 5000 in 2016 ? 
  anyway , apologies to the swiss . 
  the only difference is switzerland . 
  from the 2nd highest number , to 5000 applications in 2015 or sth like that . 
  they were generally nice . 
  my mom was pregnant and they insisted to mow our lawn for free . 
  their kids were fine , we played football . 
  and back then we heard horrific stories of serbian criminal gangs anyway , so i guess we had more sympathy than against communities who create criminal gangs themselves ( talking about na in 2012-2016 ), 
  no , but they 'll probably talk about freedom waffles in the future . 
  of course , you were in berlin . 
  berlin is a mess though , and has always been so . 
  if they would hold their own referendum , i really would n't mind . 
  ( not serious ) we have huge problems with our integration policies , but even in the worst times of our recent history , we do n't have a country divided by every single line you can think of . 
  her approval rate dropped from 77 % to 49 % in two months . 
  merkel is a power-hungry politician , but let 's not get overcarried here . 
  that country has a poisoning political climate , an imbecile for pm , and enough tabloids to start ww3 . 
  keep merkel out of their mess . 
  even if they did n't politically disintegrate ... it looks scary . 
  the division on poll tables was scary . 
  the vote was divided acc to every single socio-demographic segmentation factor you can think of . 
  english . 
  we have no time to fight with france . 
  thank you . 
  moving towards a government that will be on the right side of the political spectrum for the next twenty years will suuuure help them a lot . 
  moving away from the best continent for labor rights ( still bad , but definitely better than the rest ) will sure help them a lot . 
  privatizing nhs & becoming a tax heaven will sure help steel workers a lot . 
  also , abandoning a trade deal is exactly what will help miners . 
  oh so you want a trade union ... but you want us to fight with russia . 
  6 years . 
  does n't change the fact that problems are not between germany & netherlands . 
  tl ; dr keep popcorn available in the future,
