  if in the near , the occasion rises for the german government to `` informally take responsibility '' for , say , serbia or albania or whatnot , we would do it again . 
  however , turkey is too much of a hot potato and too dangerous for us . 
  i said typical . 
  in the last months , comments from greek flairs about germany have been class . 
  eu backstabbed them when their government was fine . 
  ca n't we like , build a strong economic relationship and be done with it ? 
  because we took responsibility . 
  we wo n't do that for kurds . 
  not if someone thinks turkey will get their back . 
  there 's a reason schr\u00f6der risked his friendship with putin to push for v4 in eu . 
  ofcourse , that 's just a stupid backthought . 
  germany would rather leave the eu than accept turkey in it anytime soon . 
  worked for you ? 
  ah , the typical greek flair about germany . 
  we were spared of these comments for some months , but looks like they 're back . 
  i 'm skipping on the refugee deal for this post . 
  grab popcorn , sit down and refresh , refresh , refresh . 
  albania was isolated until ' 90 . 
  no one could leave albania for kosovo , italy or greece . 
  albanians tried to vross the border to kosovo and were killed by the albanian border police . 
  you spit so many lies it makes my head hurt, 
  this is very funny . 
  both lidl & aldi pay pretty well and definitely above what they could get away with , and i am talking about times when there was no min wage here . 
  while those wages look low , they are 30 % more than what other companies in bangladesh pay . 
  source : worked at aldi . 
  i do n't have a single complaint and i wo n't bash lidl for lowering costs , paying more than they must in both germany & bangladesh , choosing a very low markup and keeping kids in bangladesh alive simply because r/europe found a new company to bash, 
  your police should train american police :'), 
  that 's how you get uk to lose three consecutive matches . 
   most police patrols would `` randomly select '' them on checkpoints for `` traveling while brown '' . 
  german cars need care though . 
  if you 're not used to it , it * will * break down . 
  it kind of explains why i read so many complaints on reddit , but both at home and when i visited eastern countries ( including balkans ) , i could see a billion pre-2000 mercedes taxis and police cars . 
  ... ... . . no , it 's ugly . 
  ca n't you salivate over some bmw like the rest of us ? 
  that 's ugly and i would struggle to find a parking place . 
  i tried to understand your point but i failed, 
  i think the last 3-4 years have n't been that good , compared to the ' 92 + years . 
  states , as in german l\u00e4nder . 
  the issue with germany is not with the birthrate in 2016 ; is having a below-2 ,1 rate since late ' 60 . 
  we 're talking about 4-5 consecutive decades of below-replacement rate , which is basically unique in our planet . 
  the biggest increase is in eastern states , and they do n't really have immigrants, 
  that 's a pole with good manners . 
  i mean , i definitely feel less safe than in 2000-2010 . 
  they do speak german at school or at work , if they have a job . 
  however , if you spend most of your childhood speaking only turkish , the accent remains and plus , the turkish accent is quite harsh . 
  if a dutch , a dane , etc learns german as a second language , he could speak it well ; for turks and slavs , it 's much harder and you could actually point out where he is from based just on his german . 
  no-no , i did n't mean it like that . 
  i just tried to explain how ex-criminals who came here and did stuff mainly to get money ( also drug dealing and bringing prostitutes in some cases ) eventually found a way to turn their lives around and build a normal future for their kids . 
  yes , i am just wildly speculating that the bomber was albanian and was inspired by executions in his country, 
  ee who used to break into houses and shops here and who went in and out of jail for years are `` integrated '' now , at least in my city . 
  they have normal jobs and their kids are all educated and trained . 
  same thing with my polish friends, 
  i am too lazy to post and translate it :(, 
  what shitty times we 're living in . 
  the first thing that popped on my mind was `` terrorist attack '' . 
  however , looks like gangs fighting with each-other and the bomber has taken extra measures to protect surroundings . 
  for whoever it 's a message sender - if it actually a quite popular way in albania to execute someone , as it leaves no trails unless the bomb is found before turning on the car and the bomb can be made by hand . 
  there were eight `` businessmen '' killed like this in the last years there - i would n't be surprised to find out the fight was between two organized crime gangs ( turkish & albanian ), 
  still , we 're talking about different things . 
  the guy who suggested harsh penalties means them as a way to force integration . 
  if i come to sweden and ca n't find a job , how does that help my integration ? 
  if you have spoken turkish at home for your whole life , it 's not that hard . 
  that is already the case in both sweden and germany though ( ofcourse , farmwork and working in turkish saloons is another matter ) . 
  and that only strengthens polarization & segregation , so it does n't help anything . 
  i do n't know , since while i am sure you can find countless videos of turks living in istanbul talking english , there are no many such videos for german . 
   it 's more-or-less the same accent turkish students have, 
  wait , i thought nazis were imposing dictatorial measures in `` southern '' countries ? 
  does the blame for the french unemployment still lie in frankfurt ? 
  or is it berlin ? 
  brussels ? 
  if france does n't find a way to balance job security and actually having a job , europe is in for a tough ride . 
  turks . 
  there are neighborhoods in berlin , frankfurt , hamburg , bremen , k\u00f6ln , d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  however , i 'd say they are less segregated than the french ones ( even for a simple economic factor : more employment opportunities ) roma/polish neighborhoods are quite small to be called - more like poor people living in cheap buildings than proper , ethnically-related communities . 
  german accents in some zones are much easier to fake though . 
  i know albanians , poles , turks , danes , czechs , etc who came here as adults and manage to speak without a heavy `` foreign '' accent . 
  i can make the distinction between a native and an adult immigrant , but often i ca n't really pin-point exactly where they are from - which , in my experience , is only the case with non-integrated immigrants . 
  they are zones where immigrants are segregated no ? 
  i did n't say it would become like the brazilian favelas ; more like the french social housing sectors or american ghettos . 
   i just wonder when russia is going to grow tired of saving the west from itself . 
  can we take a moment , hold hands and sing the russian anthem to thank putin for saving us from terrorism ? 
  those guys who analyze putin probably get higher yearly bonuses than anyone else . 
  good guy putin , raising consumption in the us, 
  tourists already do that , but at least they pay . 
  and tip . 
  god , american tourists * tip * . 
  and third generation turks speak german with a very heavy accent and you can immediately understand where their grandparents came from in the first two sentences . 
  third generation . 
   so no , there wo n't be slums inhabited by syrians in sweden . 
  that 's what france said . 
   how about forced integration , harsh penalties for parents of children that are born in sweden , yet dont speak swedish and things like that ? 
  can you imagine that being enforced here ? 
  so why do you think sweden will be able to pull it off ? 
  i am just talking what i have heard . 
  i am glad you have left the past behind . 
  to stay on-topic : have there been any reports about immigrants using the green border with albania to get here ? 
  you guys would be such a cute couple if you did n't hate each-other, 
  how can a tiny country like macedonia , in a political crisis since mid-2014 , guard the full length of the border at all times ? 
  the fine is for reporters . 
  they can enter macedonia without a visa , no need to return them to greece .
