  there is little hope that such talks would suddenly end a conflict that has cost about 10,000 lives since 2014 . 
  but it is eu -- and german -- policy to keep lines of communication open . 
  as mr erler says : `` we remain very critical about the annexation of crimea and the fighting in eastern ukraine . 
  but we want to maintain the dialogue with moscow . 
  so the chancellor keeps talking to mr putin . '' stefan meister , russia specialist at the geman council for foreign relations , suggested that ms merkel might be able to encourage mr putin to be more accommodating over ukraine by warning that increased belligerence might provoke mr trump to respond `` in a dangerous way '' , perhaps by increasing military activity in syria . 
  there is speculation in moscow that mr putin , who has yet to meet the new us president , is interested in gaining some insight from ms merkel , who visited washington in march and subsequently played host to mr trump 's powerful daughter , ivanka , in berlin . 
  nezavisimaya gazeta newspaper wrote in recent days that mr putin needed to `` get a first-hand impression '' . 
  however sharing information about mr trump `` may be on russia 's agenda but is certainly not on germany 's '' , says one german official . 
  the kremlin initially hoped for a friendlier approach to russia from mr trump , who praised mr putin in his election campaign . 
  but moscow 's expectations of the billionaire president have changed following the resignation of michael flynn , mr trump 's pro-moscow first national security adviser , and the apparent advance of officials with sceptical views , including mr flynn 's successor , hr mcmaster . 
  `` the kremlin is a bit puzzled over what 's going on in the world since the guy the us media depict as our puppet has taken over in the white house , '' said fyodor lukyanov , chairman of the council on foreign and defense policy . 
  german and russian officials said the two leaders would also discuss energy and economic ties and the upcoming g20 summit , to be hosted in hamburg in july by ms merkel . 
  ms merkel will seek to persuade mr putin that the eu is stronger than he believes -- and better able to maintain a united front on economic sanctions on moscow . 
  she can point to some recovery in pro-eu sentiment in western europe and setbacks for nationalist forces critical of the eu that the kremlin has often supported . 
  while the uk is still heading for brexit , the europhile emmanuel macron looks set to defeat the far-right marine le pen in the french presidential elections . 
  in germany , which holds a parliamentary vote in september , the eurosceptic and pro-russian alternative for germany ( afd ) has slipped in opinion polls . 
  whether ms merkel chooses to broach the issue with mr putin or not , she also knows there is considerable concern in germany that the kremlin might interfere in september 's elections in ways similar to its alleged intervention in the us . 
  german intelligence has said that russia was very likely behind a 2015 hacking at the bundestag in which large amounts of data were removed . 
  as usual , language will be no problem : ms merkel speaks fluent russian , learnt growing up in the former east germany , while mr putin has an impressive command of german from his days as a kgb officer in communist times in dresden . 
  but the meeting at the black sea resort of sochi may do little to close the wide political gap between the freedom-loving chancellor and the authoritarian kremlin boss . 
  the single most important element of the article - jha opt-outs is very unlikely to have been invented . 
  who cares what jokes did davis make , if may things the single market is the same as jha frameworks , she 's in for a sweeeet surprise . 
   60 billion euro it was 50 * . 
  12,5 % going for direct investments if i 'm correct . 
  it was rutte 's idea . 
  how can they be so un-briefed ? 
  ignorant of the challenge ? 
  may had 10 months to prepare for this . 
  and she has n't done her homework in the slightest . 
  reminds me of trump 's `` who knew healthcare would be so hard ! '', 
  comment . 
  and ok , maybe their pm is just lazy ( which i do n't believe ) , but do n't they have ministers ? 
  davis is brexit minister right ? 
  he does n't know his own job ? 
  do n't they have civil service ? 
  helping staff , advisors , lawyers . 
  are they even trying to do their job ? 
   apparently we 're no longer spying on friends , but people who consider us less than turkey . 
  your media should reallyyyy inform you and , most importantly , your dearest pm lady that it 's not the eu deciding you 're `` less than turkey '' . 
  it 's britain . 
  out of customs union means less than turkey . 
  i think the last two weeks our newspaper have been one giant collection of `` macron !!!!!! '', 
  who the fuck makes fun of his boss during a business dinner with a business partner ? 
  is n't that like `` working for dummies '' material ? 
  dw is nowhere near the quality of faz . 
  it 's also considerably worse than it used to be 3-4 years ago / u/samiumabisare is right , faz really are amazing . 
  faz makes it perfectly clear that everything from the dinner was leaked from juncker 's side . 
  and i ca n't think of a single case in 12 years when merkel 's camp leaked sth actually sensitive . 
  literally the single most reliable piece of media in continental europe in the last years . 
  and the industry is screaming `` eu comes first '', 
  sth that no one in our media has bothered to analyze properly ( altho widely mentioned ) is the rise in rapes . 
  our law regarding rape changed drastically in the middle of last year and the definition was widened ( thank god ) . 
  i understand how privacy is protected , but it would be good if we had the data on how many of those rapes would n't be there a year ago . 
  i mean . . there was a huge , huge increase in the rape rate when we criminalized marital rape in 1994 but i doubt anyone says safety decreased . 
  as for murders : unsurprising . 
  there 's the bavarian guy & anis amri : 20 people murdered on two events , sth that has n't happened before . 
  i 'm not that worried about the murder rate itself : in germany it 's low enough that events like this get it up like crazy . 
  but manslaughter , rape , physical assaults , weapons , etc. 
  are things that have to be taken seriously . 
  hence , my recommendation for all of you guys to read the faz masterpiece . 
  he 's a good one . 
  his news stuff for the electoral campaign are really fun to read . 
  edit : sorry , was talking about the journo . 
  btw , regarding the crime stats , faz had a masterpiece on wednesday . 
  i suggest you read it . 
  ffs , we have a lady for chancellor if no one has noticed , and our key `` european '' politician is in a wheelchair . 
  this is unfair . 
  guys , read the faz article tomorrow . 
  i will try to provide a short translation/summary before leaving home . 
  without reading the article : terrorism falls under politically-motivated crime , regardless of whether it 's rightwing or leftwing or islamic . 
  and with anis amri in berlin , the afghan guy at w\u00fcrzburg , and the syrian guy in ansbach , there 's plenty of material . 
   that 's what i 'm anticipating . 
  ( macron to confirm or deny ) why bother ? 
  if the guy becomes president , he wo n't have the time to go out everyday to confirm or deny what varoufakis has decided to say on the day . 
   is n't sch\u00e4uble a shameless authoritarian deeply mistrusted by the german left-wing ? 
  he would n't be the most respected politician in the country if the left-wing had a deep mistrust of him . 
  you do n't get a 70 % approval rate if your party is polling at 35 % and you 're `` deeply mistrusted '', 
  sch\u00e4uble macron varoufakis in that order . 
  has macron ever said anything about merkel ordering hollande to remove him ? 
  50 % does n't count ? 
  wtf dude . 
  well , he is arguably the second most powerful person in the eu in the last five years despite his inflexibility so i ca n't see your point . 
  it 's fine if you do n't like him , but i 'm sure the guy can live without your sympathy . 
  and how is he isolated ? 
  his loyalists are arguably the only ones to have risen in power in the last couple of years inside the cdu . 
  spahn , strobl , linnemann , j\u00e4ger are all much stronger than they were two years ago . 
  do you really think a 35-year old gay politician could push for the double citizenship thingie and get standing ovations last dec , against the chancellor 's wish , if it was n't for sch\u00e4uble quietly backing him ? 
  second most * merkel just surpassed him . 
  he was in front of her for the last 2 years tho . 
  and i 'd trust sch\u00e4uble to tell the truth before i 'd trust varoufakis . 
  ... ahem , there were huge debt cuts . 
   macron is a london-sympathetic banker , all his friends live in the city he 's also passionately pro-eu , much more than merkel . 
   unfortunately merkel will probably attempt to outmanoeuvre and marginalise macron just like she did to hollande marginalise hollande ? 
  she literally dragged him along for the ukraine talks . 
  it 's not her fault the guy had a 4 % approval rate and thus no authority in europe . 
   i suspect you 're too pre-occupied fanwankering over how great the cdu are to recognise their negative aspects ... 
  i 've recognised and commented on the party 's negative aspects many , many times in r/europe . 
  cooperation with france is definitely not sth cdu is bad at . 
  he has the time to tour the country tho . 
  and merkel has n't even campaigned properly and wo n't until late summer .
