  but they were `` guests '' , and are now in the 3rd generation . 
  some even 4th . 
  different situations though . 
  bosnia , while poor as fuck , is still a nice and safe place . 
  croatia is a developing country with whom we had great political cooperation so sending people back to `` rebuild their country '' was very easy, 
  this is tragic . 
  god with you italbros :(, 
  yeah , i got a ntfc like twenty minutes ago, 
   edit 3 : builds shattered reported on live tv , people trapped in buildings reported as well god with them . 
  i hope everyone makes it out fine , is there any new info ? 
  our media are all asleep . 
  le me reads the title , utters a `` ow shit , poor guy , so brave of him to preach his religion peacefully and stand up to those bullies in the fucked mess that is the me . .  manchester crown court heard . 
  fuck this shit . 
  who said ukrainians are not a problem ? 
  have you checked their crime rates in germany ? 
  anyway , there 's a difference between a normal `` raise-awareness '' march ( like , yazidis asking for help from foreign governments for their community ) and a political , party-related march with flags and anthems and shit . 
  no one is saying all of them are problematic . 
  there are over 3 million of them ... if you live in a somewhat big western city , you 're guaranteed to have a turkish friend or colleague or classmate or whatever . 
  one of my best friends is turkish ( a guy who got his passport last year ) . 
  my barber is turkish . 
  i am sure you know someone with turkish origin on a personal basis too , and so do the rest of the commenters here . 
  the discussion here is whether the way they feel towards germany , and the barriers to their integration , specific to them as opposed to barriers faced by everyone else who immigrated to germany as some point - is to be `` blamed '' on them , us or both . 
  i think the answer is both , but in the last couple of decades , it 's more on them than on the state . 
  referring solely to the last couple of decades . 
   ukrainian-kazakh-russian-estonian that 's some r/shitestonianssay right there . 
  mein gott , a pole talking about redundant letters . 
  yeah , it 's being debated whether the changed in the 2014 law should be reversed . 
  i doubt they would choose it ... the vast majority of german-turks who are eligible for german citizenship ( around 50 % of the total of 3 million , but that includes those who are not eligible ) have opted for a german passport . 
  for 2/3 of them , that meant giving up their turkish citizenship . 
  * lebanese well , let 's see . 
  this particular demo that merkel is referring to . 
  ditib being the biggest muslim organization of the country and directly controlled by the turkish gov. 
  a pretty significant portion of them still speak turkish with each-other , despite being third-generation . 
  mixed marriages are rare - around 7 % of the total . 
  high crime rates . 
  60 % voting for erdogan . 
  parts of neuk\u00f6lln or offenbach . 
  high unemployment rates ( more than double the national rate ) . 
  high school dropout rates ( around 30 % ) . 
  and in the last decade , in total , we 've had net emigration from germany to turkey . 
  and i wo n't complain for that . 
  but `` english '' is so ... but yeah , uk & france have at least some colonial past that made them have more contact with foreign cultures than germany . 
   on a more serious note , i 'm of european descent . 
  am i not allowed to take an interest in the land of my ancestors ? 
  no , you 're not , that 's exactly the point of the full thread . 
  merkel was talking about you too . 
  there are problems with them ... but those problems are miniscule compared to what we face with turks, 
  you ca n't exactly strip people from their citizenship for not feeling `` german enough '' , no ? 
  even if merkel would want that , no one would allow her to go ahead . 
  no one is angry about turks caring for turkey . 
  merkel is not referring to german-turks gathering in mosques to pray for victims of terror attacks in turkey . 
  she 's referring to the demonstration in k\u00f6ln , where around 30000 people gathered with huge turkish flags , singing turkish songs , singing the turkish anthem , chanting in turkish , etc. 
  that 's un-loyal . 
  she 's also referring to the same guys attacking kurds or g\u00fclenists * in germany * . 
  that 's un-loyal . 
  no one has an issue with your lot bringing great food to germany ; the problem is with your lot bring internal political conflicts to germany . 
  but the us are a country of immigration so the difference is a couple of generations, 
  well , turkey got a bunch of good football players out of germany too . 
   g\u00fclen , a moderate muslim preacher even if i tried to ignore the rest of your comment , this one is way too stupid to be ignored . 
  that does n't change the fact that you still get italian gastarbeiters cheering for italy during football tournaments and whatnot , and have you ever been to wolfsburg ? 
  also , what about ex-yugoslavs ? 
  most of them are n't muslims , yet you 'd struggle to convince me they 've integrated properly en masse . 
  you mean spiegel online ? 
   yet she keeps taking in millions see , that 's the issue with your understanding . 
  we could n't exactly tell austria to fuck off, 
  she already did no ? 
  he already complained about the pollution , beggars and stuff being expensive . 
  the train accident in february took 12 lives, 
  it looks good on merkel , the color suits her, 
  dw has been pretty shit for nearly two years now, 
  ee logic is `` we did it , so your suck it up and do it too '', 
  of course not, 
  thank you for your opinion , anything else ? 
  maybe start a petition or sth ? 
  that 's hijab - basically a headscarf, 
  or freedom of religion . 
  merkel kinda hates obama but nevermind . 
  try merkel-bush, 
  or we just allow kids to whatever they or their parents want them to wear since we supposedly have freedom of religion ? 
  and when the vote ends up in a `` send little polan to kremlin '' , what do we do then ? 
  so how do you keep the same foreign policy towards russia ? 
  we ca n't manage our chancellery & foreigb ministry to agree on that one , and you think 27 countries can ? 
  with my quick math , that 's kinda hard . 
  it 's one thing to ignore one german vote , but good luck with the entire eastern europe . 
  speak for yourself , we do n't have crosses in the main bundestag room . 
  so progressive . 
  the thing with slits for eyes are niqabs . 
  the thing without slits ( so , full veil and a net in front of eyes ) are burkas . 
  those are * supposed * to be removed if a parents asks for them to be removed ... now good luck getting them removed, 
  but these are not laws , which is what other comments in this thread are asking for . 
  in my school , the dresscode was drafted and passed by the student council for example , not the bundestag . 
  i know the ruling , and there are stll crosses where i live , together with a giant `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott '' in outer walls exactly ... we do n't want any of the two banned, 
  i apologize for being off-topic , but what 's with merkel & that turquoise jacket ? 
  i can count at least four brexit-related occasions she 's worn it . 
  a lucky charm ? 
  niqab is not hijab . 
  i see no reason to ban hijabs in school . 
  so ban hijabs and crosses too ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's fine for france , but i 'd rather not have that rule in germany .
