   for some reason . 
  what . 
  you still exist ? 
  me neither hun . 
  me neither . 
  this is r/europe man . 
  refugees ? 
  merkel . 
  greece ? 
  merkel . 
  data protection ? 
  merkel . 
  cat died ? 
  merkel . 
  merkel . 
  eastern europe , man . 
  oh yes . 
  i always forget they 're german , 
  i was n't bashing italy , i was bashing hungary, 
  i do n't think she gives a flying fuck over obama 's praise tbh , and i think she 's pretty happy with the % of christian votes she 'll get next year . 
  everyone in germany is pro-unions , fdp included . 
  to quote my colleague , differences between those are smaller than between bavarian and standard german . 
  he 's a serbian who 's lived here for more than a decade . 
  the ones here have been here for decades tho . 
  it 's eastern europe that learns the language to move here , not italy . 
  or if you need a job . 
  german with spanish accent still makes me chuckle . 
  you do n't need it . 
  as a native speaker , there are some cases where i 've used it , but if you came to germany and spent 10 years here and never used it once , no one will care . 
  we use the present tense for that , 
  will campaign * against * him . 
  check berlin . 
  they want to stop all deportations and are focusing most of their energies on bike lanes . 
  crumbling infrastructure ? 
  only state in the country with rising crime rates ? 
  worst education system in the country ? 
  bike lanes !, 
  she respects him , why should she care what you think about it ? 
  dunno bout yours mate , but our political system does n't reallyw work like that . 
  good luck to them then , 
  as a csu voter : the fuck ? 
  schulz is miles better than gabriel , and people do n't hate him . 
  that being said ... 
  i 'll probably get involved with the campaign if he runs . 
  i mean ... we 're like one of the safest countries on earth when it comes to above-20 million countries . 
  not switzerland , but things are calm down here . 
  how the hell can she do that ? 
  aaand again , we 're not first . 
  aaaand finally someone mentions the wcs after my obsessive complaining here . 
  well , do n't expect us to take care of the us too , we have enough shit to deal with already, 
  merkel was n't sponsored by a big corp , is not corrupt , and has always had the media against her , yet won three consecutive elections and is on route for the fourth one . 
  believe or not , russia meddling is a big problem . 
  the alternative is italy blocking the budget it 's fun is n't it . 
  and it 's not even us doing the blocking . 
  priorities mate , priorities . 
  and a world cup why does everyone forget about our world cups :(, 
  he 's a good guy , although not chancellor-material . 
  gemeinschaftsschule has been a disaster everywhere , as predicted, 
  why put the country through thay kind of stress ? 
  she literally did not . 
  she was talking about welfare benefits . 
  i mean some of them do n't want to learn , that 's why london or dublin or amsterdam are more preferred . 
  and no it 's not free ... that place is actually overpriced . 
  i mean some of them do n't want to learn , that 's why london or dublin or amsterdam are more preferred . 
  and no it 's not free ... that place is actually overpriced . 
  i mean some of them do n't want to learn , that 's why london or dublin or amsterdam are more preferred . 
  and no it 's not free ... that place is actually overpriced . 
  they need german for that . 
  i think it 's because have , you know , * jobs * . 
  dunno how many times we have to repeat this , but we do n't want our elected chancellor to lead europe . 
  period . 
  yeah , good luck with that one mate , 
  if we are throwing our weight around , why the hell is draghi sinking our financial system ? 
  well we did n't want to stay divided so there 's that . 
  and thank god for that . 
  and we ai n't gon na divide ourselves again , and i say that as a bavarian . 
  and next time i see another comment discussing this shit , i 'll start talking about austria into a big germany . 
  and trust me : i 'd really love that , 
  ... as it should ? 
  she never was . 
  she 's just the single most competent government head i can think of currently . 
  why ? 
  because she popped out babies that she later got maids for ? 
  that apparently makes her automatically better than merkel , who either a ) knowing fully well she 's driven & ambitious , chose not to have kids ; or b ) can not have kids for health reasons . 
  no it does not . 
  what comes out of merkel 's hoo-haa is her personal business , not ursula 's not mine , not yours . 
  you want dynamism , you go someplace else . 
  i do n't a johnson running my country , thankyouverymuch , i 'll stick with the potato . 
  well , they did n't expect her to say `` ciao ! '', 
  after brexit & trump did they ? 
   that would n't be merkel . 
  i 'd rather have seehofer than her, 
  every . 
  single . 
  thread . 
  ah , good old `` special relationship '' perks . 
  ffs we just want to sell cars & win another world cup . 
  leave us out of those other stupid messes, 
  what ? 
  she 's pushing for stupid stuff she knows wo n't come to fruition to prepare for 2017 .
