  nahles should shut up . 
  it 's not her that 's supposed to raise the hartz iv allow , we already have procedures about how it 's calculated , by whom and on what standards . 
   i cant see that any tax cut could have any impact on anyone . 
  by targeting those that have been hit the worst and families , you can actually get effective results . 
  also , keep in mind that not all the money that is cut gets lost . 
  if you get 50 euros in a tax and spend that on extra food , plenty of the money goes back in the budget and at the end , everyone is better off . 
   i 'm referring to how business-friendly your regulations and general government policies are . 
  it takes more time to register a business in germany than in half of africa ffs  you do n't have lorry drivers blocking motorways and roads or citizens protesting by blocking power plants . 
  ok , that 's true . 
  at most we get lw anarchists torching cars . 
  the man in the chair is catholic . 
  catholic states are the one with less debt in germany . 
   while germany and the rest of europe had deficits not that surprisingly . 
  we 've had trade surpluses for pretty much every year since we recovered from the war until now ( with the exception of some 5-7 years after reunification when everything went downhill ), 
  but it 's not our fault we 're good at exporting stuff . . 
   such as regulatory level we have a bunch of regulation for pretty much everything on earth  and infrastructure . 
  french infrastructure is good , and better-maintained than ours . 
  does n't matter , it 's his actions that push rates down . 
  you can blame germany for many things , but low interest rates , are you fucking kidding me . 
   at least it seems there 's a negative correlation between standard of living and birth rate - internationally as well as historically . 
  and nationally . 
  bayern and bw have birthrates of between 1,0 and 1,1 which are crazy low , and here * everyone * who wants to get a job can get a job , and a good paying one if you 're not totally dump . 
  meanwhile , there 's bremen and the eastern states ... oh well . 
   mario draghi has also hit out at the state of germany 's sizeable trade surplus , arguing that it has helped push down interest rates in the eurozone . 
  our surplus ? 
  not his actions ? 
  what a creative guy . 
  there are actually more of us now . 
  the thing is , if you spend too much in good times , you end up blowing yourself up in bad times . 
  he was very specific in what he said ... like , i can do the math in five minutes of how much will it relieve , that kind of specific, 
  or we just lower the rates like normal people instead of messing up with uni-level math with inflation and whatnot, 
  what ? 
  we have like three weeks to talk about the 2017 budget , three weeks are not much in advance . 
  we had three budget surpluses in a row , we can afford tax cuts . 
  we * need * tax cuts, 
  berlin too has had incidents . 
  but hey , they had a gay representative so it 's all cute and daindy , i guess . 
  saving greece was, 
  like i said above , some people are able to hold their nose and vote for a 20th century party when issues that concern them are more pressing, 
  one day we 'll see die linke sucking up to gazprom ... oh wait . 
  that 's good advertisment for the right wing . 
  ... what 's the problem here ? 
  if he 's fine with shaking her hand , why should she have a problem ? 
  losing the backing of your party is never a good idea . 
  lol , no . 
  open borders are a traditional cdu value ? 
  as a longtime csu voter , i am surprised, 
  because what we have is good enough . 
  i 'd rather have mildly homophobic representatives than some who allow stones being thrown to transgender prostitutes . 
  wait two more weeks . 
  then , next march it 's nrw and from beg-summer to sep you 'll hear plenty of shit because we have federal elections . 
  afd will get 12-13 % in berlin , and never polled in double digits in bavaria . 
  being kicked out of office by meck-pomm would be a fairytale, 
  afd is an improvement was my point, 
  afd will get around 12 % in berlin . 
  the only state where afd never polled in double digits is bavaria . 
  afd tries to conceal their true character . 
  npd does not . 
  not really . 
  exit polls in the last elections in march were proven to be accurate, 
  after ~ 4 hours , but the results you see above will probably prove true, 
  i ca n't believe that the left side has lost 14 pp after 5 good years with a respectable pm, 
  i do n't think there are european countries that need a visa to go to turkey . 
  i know bosnians do n't need visas for example , so why would they put them for their biggest tourist group ? 
  a wall in the sea ? 
   detention center where ? 
   country of origin syria ? 
  real madrid had to pay back for the ground they got illegally, 
  you know that the turkish media did n't report merkel missing right ? 
  they went gung-ho , apeshit crazy and turks were not told she did n't vote . 
  so why would erdogan care ? 
  there 's no reason why she should cancel meetings to be there and vote for sth she openly supported & that did n't need her vote to pass . 
  but the resolution is not a law . 
  we ca n't pass laws about other people 's crime , and turkey is ( on paper ) a partner the relaionship with whom does n't change just because they did some shut back then, 
  oh the lying , corrupted , incompetent , always-talking bundle of fat who has said the opposite things in key issues like ttip , pension reforms , refugee crisis , integration , etc. 
  in the space of a week ? 
  more people are murdered in poland that in germany every year , and i am not talking for a per-capita basis, 
  if merkel changed her opinion in 120 minutes after promising it , erdogan would never forgive it, 
  merkel was with bmw & mercedes that day and duffy was with an ambassador . 
  both supported it , who cares if they voted or not . 
  that 's what i thought ... but der spiegel does , not spiegel online . 
  i 'd wait for a weekly regular report before arriving at a conclusiom, 
  i agree . 
  let '' s see if they have a long report with details and sources in their weekly edition . 
  definitely in the morning . 
  i was awake until 4:30 am working , and i checked twitter before falling asleep and there were no reports, 
  technically speaking , she 's not allowed to regulate deportations as law enforcement is a state competence not federal . 
  but i understand your point . 
  i read it at 9am and seibert spoke at 11:50 . 
  a 170 minute testing ? 
  and the reaction could easily be predicted anyway . 
  thing is , spiegel is not shit and has at least one excellent source at the foreign ministry that has leaked stuff several times . 
  so ... it 's a little muddy . 
  yes , saw it and posted seibert 's statement, 
  faz only reported by quoting spiegel . 
  now , as for spiegel with the foreign ministry ... remember that report about israel ? 
  you sure you live here ? 
  have n't you seen half of spain arriving ? 
  2 million is the total number of arrivals , not of asylum seekers . 
  pudgy is an understatement,
