  you want civil war ? 
  thank you , this dose of solidarity is exactly what i was looking for  we go down , europe goes down . 
  so that 's definitely not the best bet, 
  where ? 
  ** read the article , it 's brilliant **  it seems as though angela merkel is convinced that her course of action makes sense . 
  no matter how the situation turns out . 
   in order to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe late last summer , she had little choice but to open the borders . 
  now , the task is that of preventing europe from falling apart . 
  were germany to now close its borders , it would n't just mark a failure for europe 's border-free travel regime known as schengen . 
  the refugee flow would also backup across the balkans and would destabilize the fragile young democracies there . 
   '' ( if we would say ) you can all come from africa , and you can all come -- we could n't handle that , '' merkel stammered . 
  could n't handle it . 
   `` but she is n't flexible when she is under pressure , '' says one of her confidants . 
  `` perhaps that is her greatest blemish . '', 
   `` she seems looser , more unfettered in her choice of words . 
  she seemed at peace with herself , almost gleeful . 
  that was new . '', 
   dohnanyi knew merkel 's parents and he believes that her christian roots are very apparent in her approach to the refugee crisis . 
   sch\u00e4uble , despite the sweater thrown over his shirt , is a bit chilly . 
  ... sch\u00e4uble is uninterested in the fact that germany 's federal constitutional court ruled a few years ago that the state can not simply continue cutting asylum-seeker benefits . 
  `` i 'll throw out any constitutional consultant who says such a thing , '' he growled to his people . 
   problems are not the consequence of erroneous decisions , but of the inability to rapidly correct them . 
   but it is obvious to all that merkel has lost control of refugee policy . 
   she herself failed to link her message of welcome together with a solid plan for at least halfway controlling the influx of refugees . 
  that is ultimately what caused the mood in germany to shift , what triggered opposition in the rest of europe and what propelled the right-wing populists to unprecedented heights . 
  that is also on merkel . 
   `` i would feel terribly sorry for her as a person if she were to get into a situation where she was forced to abandon her convictions and her past , '' says eppelmann . 
  `` but if it came to that , she would step down first . '', 
   among all of the surprises that merkel has sprung on the germans in the past several months , that would be the greatest one of all . 
  http://blog.ted.com/9-views-of-tirana-albania-with-its-bright-multicolored-building/ this is cool, 
  citizenship still cost 1500 $ in bulgaria ? 
  or has it gone up ? 
  a migrant has the choice to stay in one of those warzones like turkey , bulgaria , greece , macedonia , serbia , hungary , croatia , slovenia or austria , not to mention morocco , algeria , tunisia , etc but no , they 're all here, 
  ... we 're bigger ? 
  i am all for taking responsibility , but think for a moment : the only way to do this is let ships drown in front of their eyes and turn them away . 
  now , let 's assume for a moment that the greek police ( not really known for sympathy ) is fine with it . 
  but will it be able to do it ? 
  sweden will invade greece if that happens . 
  the only way is forcing turkey to control their sea border , kind of what albania did , kind of what morocco did , kind of what libya did . 
  lol :'), 
  they 're not getting the benefits because they are not citizens and wo n't be for another 6 +1 years . 
  downsides ? 
  the welfare system works this way in this country , period . 
  if you think that 's unfair , of course , we can discuss whether it should be changed for both citizens and foreigners , but i see no reason why citizenz should be discriminated because * muh feeling *, 
  or he 's getting downvoted ( not by me btw ) because he 's suggesting refugees/asylum seekers should get more rights than citizens, 
  in germany , austria , italy , hungary , portugal and the balkans , yes, 
  thank you , very informational . 
  good luck , 
  can anyone do a eli5 ? 
  yeah , but i ca n't really see the money leaving my wallet and flying to greece . 
  i can see the immigrants, 
  more people coming in , more groups of 10-12 young men wandering around in parks , etc etc, 
  of course , but we can not force them out of eu unilaterally ( because we know how the other big 3 would act , with their mediterranean brotherhood and whatnot - it would be on us ), 
  she 's good, 
  follow some sportsmen on twitter . 
  you 'll end up with headaches, 
  i remember english media comments last summer about schweinsteiger teaching rooney how to speak english, 
  you can get trade-related jobs . 
  just ask central europeans, 
  just use the `` excusez-moi , parlez vous anglais ? '', 
  yes , because germany has spent the last two decades running away from european responsibilites . 
  it 's like you guys do n't have tv, 
  putin 's support in russia was dropping between the crimea thing started . 
  then of course , as in tradition , they united once again under their strong leader pissing on the west , because russia is strong and all that, 
  and it could be used again , next time someone decides to wage war on the me, 
  plus , at one point you run out of cities to threaten . 
  what will they do next , attack norwich ? 
  paris , london & rome are the symbolic capitals of europe, 
  when are the troops supposed to arrive ? 
  welfare tourism my ass , this is criminal tourism, 
  fuer * you can use this when no umalut well , a strong europe = a strong germany . 
  there 's no way around that ( well , there is , but we gave up 7 decades ago ) . 
  it 's in our interest to help them and it 's in others ' interests to let us do it . 
  the oldest brother should take care of the rest , and the oldest brother sometimes has to take tough decisions . 
  however , none of those decisions should ever be `` either you give up basic sovereignity or you 're out '', 
  as for your edit : it 's crazy i love the idea of a two-speed eu . 
  i absolutely hate the idea of vassal countires inside eu . 
  yes , some are more equal than others , deal with it , but there 's a difference between leadership and `` get fucked or get out '', 
  i did n't blame anyone , i just predicted the future , 
  i do n't support any new solutions that has the same weaknesses and pitfalls as the old one that did n't work . 
  you 're sick , you 're told you should eat many fruits , but especially apples . 
  you do that , you get even sicker . 
  so you decide to continue eating many fruits , but now you focus more on oranges . 
  the truth is , you need a spicy soup , 
  they show their true colours pretty openly they are against this . 
  if you , a skilled worked , law-abiding , healthy person from a semi-normal country , decide to get a working visa in the czech republic or whatever , you can get it and live there happily for the rest of your life . 
  but forcing them to accept millions of men from africa and keep them in welfare checks ? 
  haha , so funny, 
  same way moroccans , iranians , pakistanis , algerians , tunisians , saudis were sent back home no wait , they are in germany . 
  by sending whoever arrives to a country ? 
  of course . 
  still , good look getting stupid lawsuits here . 
  it 's not about a few euros , it 's about something far more important than a few euros ( i am fine with setting up schools and hospitals in their countries with our money ) . 
  it 's about the future of our continent , but obviously some ca n't see the forest because `` omg there are trees there '' . 
  you want millions and millions and millions of na young , uneducated , unemployed men wandering around europe , doing whatever the fuck they want to do , because guess what , staying two years in an european jail is better than working in agriculture in egypt, 
  what i am saying is that ths matter should have been dealt with decades ago when their debt skyrocketed , not now that they 're fucked, 
  i 've never used a foreign car ( maybe drived someone 's car if we were out , they got drunk and i was sober ) and both cars that i 've used for a long time are manual shifts, 
  again , do n't say rules can not be changed . 
  you did a crime ? 
  if you can get the fuck back to honduras , you can get also get the fuck back to baghdad , which is nowadays perfectly safe,
