  calm down and come round for a visit , we have beer . 
  i was this spring , it has n't changed a little bit . 
  the same `` heidi town '' . 
  naturalizing as a swiss citizen is difficult as fuck even when you 're married to a swiss citizen , let alone on your certain . 
  i 'd say we can certainly conclude the guy was born in switzerland . 
  said on reddit you mean ? 
  i do n't think i 've heard our media use `` white '' , and certainly not during that horrific shooting . 
  my sister-in-law comes from st. gallen , my brother lived there ... it 's a tiny , beautiful , quiet , nothing-bad-ever-happens-town with an old innercity currently under reconstruction where farmers come to sell their stuff on the evening . 
  it 's also where the best dach business school is located . 
  i always feel a little weird when places like that go through violence . 
  iranians are aryans . . 
  fine by me !, 
  perfect * !, 
  * side note : can we get czechs in this too ? 
  my job depends on that . 
  gauck is smart enough to not care about what some idiot on reddit will post . 
  french-speaking swiss are just german frenchies . 
  or we can have our own cultural group , the three of us !, 
  his q was `` what to do when people come here '' , and i did n't know we border jordan . 
  we 're talking about mena countries , and you want to pick and choose an non-eccentric leader ? 
  someone with a legal background might give you a better answer . 
  however , what i know is that articles where eu/international law takes precedence over national law ( incld , ironically , article 16 ) explicitly mention that . 
  my guess is that yes , eu law takes precedence over national constitutions which would n't stop our federal court from saying a means of positive action is anti-constitutional . 
  check solange cases ... 
  i am on my phone and too lazy to check . 
  gender quotas in germany would not be illegal , since it 's `` entrenched in centuries '' or some vague , equally-stupid wording . 
  and it 's not like germany suddenly got some immigrants : we 've had millions of immigrants for decades now , and attempts for aa have been shut down . 
  it 's too beautiful to be wasted instead of used out of context to push your narrative , although it was said by a very respectable statesman ? 
  how nice of you . 
  i am not trying to bash the british economy , i am aware that it is strong and resilient and dynamic . 
  i just argued against the use of devaluation as a means to higher competitivity when the country is not an exporter . 
  those `` discriminatory '' quotas would be illegal here , this has been an old debate for years now and that 's the consensus . 
  affirmative action is only allowed in cases of gender quality , and even then it 's pretty limited . 
  so tell your friend from the pub that he 's talking about some * other * country . 
  not over them . 
  that would be unconstitutional . 
  affirmative action in germany would be strongly illegal . 
  uk exports literally nothing other than hp books , how in hell can you compare it to the biggest exporter of the world when it comes to currency devaluation ? 
  hey , me prefer it better this way . 
  there are also parts in north of eastern germany that feel like poland , not like the landscapes in the western parts . 
  when are your next elections ? 
  well , i 'm doing my part by having smoke for almost a decade before quitting . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/66476d46-cd9c-37aa-8c42-25c7c1cb9368 and ft says y-2-y is -0,1 % , way below the forecast of -1,8 % edit : ec says it 's -0,7 % , and i trust them more than ft. 
  so you 're correct . 
  care to point me where is there any info on the 2nd quarter of 2016 ? 
  keep in mind that our prices & your prices on groceries are pretty low due to good competition . 
  just cross the border to belgium and you 'll see a difference . 
  and prices on some things may be higher in greece . 
  we ca n't kill people at 70 mate . 
  ahem , shitty eating out is always more expensive than healthy home food . 
  i remember a story about how they did n't have meat more than once a week during communism . 
  plus , amazing weather, 
   italians ' trouble for learning english has also something to do with it , see how a well-traveled person like antonio conte only now gets to learn english , when appointed as manager of chelsea you really should have posted this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5vf5ljs8uk just for humor, 
  '' '' `` nato obligations '' '' '', 
  where the fuck did tsipras find him ? 
  i 've read plenty of reports in the last 12 months about how merkel likes tsipras and how they speak on a regular basis and whatnot , and then i remember the shitshow that was the first half of 2015 . 
   the single market is good for export heavy countries like italy . 
  the 3rd biggest net exporter in the world after germany & south korea . 
   the truth is german manufacturing is way better than that of both italy and spain and the eurozone is to be blamed for that ? 
  i still can not understand why you 're blaming germany for stereotypically-italian-problems in the italian banking sector . 
  i said we were wrong on spain & portugal , but the fact that your tax code pushes people to invest in bonds ( which is the explanation as to why they ca n't be bailed-in , politically speaking ) is not our fault , it 's a purely italian invention . 
  it has literally nothing to do with us . 
  our government is actually the one who pushes for a bail-in instead of a bail-out , so your theory is deeply unfounded . 
  our investors will manage it if these banks default ; italian retail investors wo n't be able to manage it . 
  eastern birthrates tend to increase when you move to western europe . 
  and that 's esp . 
  true for romania because of your roma community . 
  not really , you do n't need german if you work in a middle-or-higher position in the banking sector in frankfurt , and most of everyday encounters will be with people that speak some english . 
  there are also a * lot * of expats from elsewhere in europe . 
  you would only run into a problem with the state office , but frankfurt has always been well-governed so i 'd assume they will be fine with speaking english . 
  frankfurt is the most international city of germany for a reason . 
  and it 's also boring as fuck . 
  acc to the greek government , it 's 57000 + . 
  i do n't know how reliable the number is though . 
  and look at arrivals in italy : there are no syrians/iraqis/afghans . 
  also , their gender rate has stayed the same , but i think it 's interesting how numbers of families via greece changed in the first quarter of 2016 . 
  could have also been 2 % if tsipras did n't go apeshit crazy last year, 
  and how did they serve the country by doing that hard job ? 
  because that sek guy sleeping in his own bed will hopefully save your ass and mine when we 'll have a big terror attack . 
  are you seriously blaming the banking problems of italy on germany ? 
  i think we did things wrong when it came to pressing spain & portugal , but italy did whatever it saw fit and fell flat on their ass . 
  we did n't put berlusconi in power - if anything , we softly helped remove him . 
  population growth + younger society . 
  old people consume and invest much less that working-age people , esp . 
  when they 're retiring in spain like ours do . 
  also , gov debt . 
  and private debt too . 
  so i should respect people for being forced to be sent to afghanistan ? 
  well , you ca n't expect kohl to mention that can you ? 
  cold as fuck , fatty food , alcohol . 
  well , i sure would get my ass up from the couch and attend the mass for them . 
  yes , i would respect them . 
  baltics are our little babies , and it 's not their fault they border russia , and signing up to defend the eu against russian aggression is something i would respect . 
  not that i think it would come to that . 
  wait , how did your population grow ? 
  romania ? 
  i have the greatest respect for those that risk their lives to protect german lives . 
  i am not going to obsess over some guys in afghanistan . 
  i have more respect for sek , who put their bodies and lives in huge risk on a regular basis to maintain the country 's safety and security , than for some guys who ( unfortunately & of course , may they rest in peace and may god help their families ) are dying in afghanistan . 
  the projection was -0,2 and real-life was 0,3 . a 0,5 is quite a nice difference .
