  it 's a tiny region ( second smallest state i think ) , so it ca n't be that representative . 
  plus , ak-k ( the current pm ) is a very well-respected woman and administrator , and people vote for her even if they would n't vote for cdu in federal elections still very good results . 
  a spd win would have been a big boost for schulz . 
  now , on to nrw . 
  things do n't look good there . 
  yes , yes , yes . 
  this is great news , cdu numbers were going downhills for weeks . 
  and what 's even better , late polls were underestimating them , if numbers proved . 
  we iz stronk !!!!!!!!!, 
  the problem is , this one random accountant dude likes to cook books . 
   eu and a central government would have had more control over eu wide finances and would not have allowed for the southern countries ' debt recklessness . 
  you 're assuming that would have happened . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  the problems of the south were tolerated for a loooong time . 
  better than nl , i 'll take two , thank you . 
  they `` figured '' their stuff out . 
  they had elections . 
  waiting for the r/the _ donald crowd to declare may a leftist , multikulti libtard cuck . 
  and the hangover is much lighter than with wine, 
   it is understandable that you can not stay in one country with folks who drag you down in beer per capita contest . 
  now , let 's not give csu any ideas ok ? 
  but what the stupid poll says is that women vote for the afd more than men , which would be completely out of order with every other poll . 
  wtf is going on in albania ? 
  if they pop out babies so early , why do they just stop popping out babies after they get 1,7 out ? 
  very interesting indeed . 
  40 % of that age-group is crazy , and i do n't think that was the case before . 
  ofc , cdu having more women votes is also downright crazy . 
  unthinkable a decade ago . 
  and when you add afd differences to that one , we 're probably the only country on earth where women vote for the right side of politics more than men . 
   not to mention the disregard for the fact that spd and cdu have been taking ( more or less ) turns in winning the elections last time spd won federal elections was in 2002 . 
  schulz will not campaign on eurobonds and he knows the election is lost the second he mentions that word . 
  but how many ex-syrians are there with a german passport ? 
  twelve ? 
  we are going through an economic fallout ? 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  in germany ? 
  what ? 
   germany , which has the world 's lowest birthrate . 
  we literally do n't . 
  there are at least 6 eu countries with lower birthrates , as well as many asian countries . 
  you know what ? 
  i 'd rather have my future child befriend the kid of a muslim couple , than the kid of a terrorist couple that go around attacking people for being the wrong ethnicity . 
  i 'd rather marry a woman wearing a hijab , than a woman who goes around throwing grenades at shelters . 
  the hijab-wearing-woman would do a better job of educating my daughter than the terrorist woman . 
  now , you can call me unpatriotic , but these are my priorities . 
   because people are talking about some concrete , super-strong japanese-german alliance in this thread . 
  implying that such a alliance is intended to undermine america & even replace america 's role . 
  people are nuts . 
   you know ... because like ... that 's what allies do . . defend each other & shit . . 
  if i decided to enlist as a soldier , i 'd rather not go to fucking japan . 
  why would we do that ? 
  and who would do that for us anyway ? 
   ok , but it is a symptom of something deeper . 
  of racism ? 
  i do n't care how immigration-skeptic a person is . 
  if you do an arson attack on places where people live , you 're putting their lives in huge risk . 
  in the '90 many people died in these kind of attacks , it 's by pure chance that no one died in 2016 or 2017 . 
  do n't go around trying to murder people . 
  full stop . 
  i can totally imagining a whatsapp group where merkel is the admin and goes like : `` guys , you wont believe what happened today !, 
  trump said climate change is a chinese hoax ! '', 
  sarkozy : `` hon , hon , hon , thank god i lost that nomination , no one can deal with the guy '', 
  why would we want to project power in fucking japan ? 
  i 'm sorry but if you do an arson attack against a refugee shelter , * you are a racist * . 
  there 's really no way around it . 
   i 'd also prefer other democratic countries like india we 're also working on that direction   or brazil i do n't think they have time for us right now . 
   we 'd basically had booming emerging markets at our doorsteps instead of countries that are in constant crisis . 
  a man can always dream . 
  they are in poland god , not again . 
  good . 
  more than good . 
  japan is one of those countries that we absolutely need to get closer to . 
  yes baby \u2764, 
  merkel is petty ? 
  yes , you did . 
  maybe not exactly a moustache , but important newspapers & shit in poland have alluded to us going full - let 's control europe - nazi again . 
  well , i hope you have your fair share of grabbings in your sexual cv , but unlike the president , please make sure you have the girl 's consent before going for it . 
  do n't say `` i do n't even wait , they ca n't resist me '', 
  exactly i do n't care if the moustache comes from turkey , greece , or poland . 
  as long as we 're doing the right thing and all those moustaches come from some people in those countries feeling * inferior * , they can draw whatever the fuck they see fit . 
  could n't you pick '98 so that we brag about having only 2 ? 
  oh , the bandwagoning going on as usual . 
  this remind me of what i used to think during the eurocrisis : at the end of the day , people are just fucking jealous . 
  only been to barcelona once , so ca n't speak much . 
  germany is on 5 % , spain is on 4 % maybe spaniards just have less cunts . 
  is n't this sth from harry potter ? 
  exploding letters , i mean . 
  ahem , you know that nationalism was basically what kept turkey secular for so long right ? 
  we might love you , but when the next world cup comes along , we got ta prepare . 
  i 've always liked the guy . 
  i remember once being downvoted to like -8 for saying he 's probably the most competent pm in europe right now ( that was around jan 2016 ) edit : sorry , i thought you were talking about rutte . 
  but yes , altmaier is a good guy and very passionate about the eu, 
   altmaier is a sweetheart . 
  no , but that 's what we have google for . 
  is n't `` national prognosis '' done to take that in account ? 
  as in `` how much are exit polls confirmed '' ? 
  kind of like how we knew brexit would win at 1am . 
  vvd+d 66 + cda is now a possible government is this the moment when we start singing the dutch anthem in solidarity and respect ? 
  https://twitter.com/regsprecher/status/842136194318241792 merkel has called rutte to congratulate him,
