  but sovereignty !, 
  romania , we are so proud of you !, 
  we live in crazy times , and one of us - maybe the poorest of us - reminds us all about the importance and power of civic engagement and peaceful protests . 
  defended our values , and for a day , you get to be my `` leader of the free world '' now , do n't ever vote these people in power again . 
  internet hugs !, 
  you wo n't believe why this guy 's license was revoked !!, 
  that is . . interesting . 
  because they 're not allowed to ? 
  asylum-seekers are not allowed to work , with few exceptions ( e.g. 
  syrians who have applied already ) until they 're given refugee status, 
   so it is pretty stupid for you to hint that this has something to do with the constitution it 's not about / u/23powerz it 's about our constitutional court . 
  oh now you wan na call them stupid too ? 
   the man had recently had his gun license revoked . 
   there were no details given for the reason why the license had been withdrawn . 
  because , dear dw , he was a member of an extremist organization that shoots at the police for fun . 
  check mirror , dailymail , they make it look like merkel forced may to walk around naked . 
  wtf is this piece of news she was n't `` snubbed '' . . merkel is n't some high school cheerleader who goes around putting people down for fun , if they had nothing left to talk why would they bother to meet for cameras ? 
  they 're not kids getting into catfights & twitter fights ( ah , the irony ) , they 're two grownup women who have a shitload of stuff to do and do n't have time to waste . 
   the summit , held at the grand master 's palace in valletta , was may 's first encounter with the other eu leaders since a meeting in bratislava in december where ** she was pictured standing alone at one point as they chatted around her . 
  ** another high-school-level of journalism . 
  do we have to go through another erdogan-style-lecturing now ? 
  those camps are ours . 
  we know that , and we take responsibility for that . 
  just because they were located in what today happens to be poland does n't make them polish , and we know that , and zdf is n't trying to whitewash anything . 
  someone 's got ta be the grownup in these times dude, 
  he 's an incompetent , corrupt bundle of fat , but compared to tillerson he 's a sweetheart . 
  of course , but do n't blame us for it . 
  we got practically blackmailed into the euro . 
  now the blackmailers can suck it up . 
  regulated on a state level who knows , maybe up there they started teaching kids to do numbers americanically . 
  6 euros and 65,25 cents was the answer , 
  dude , they expect mexico to pay for a wall . 
  they 're a pretty optimistic bunch . 
  that 's up to us , we have elections in september . 
  i think they genuinely need the rules explained , because they want to do trade agreements with each country on a bilateral basis . 
  at this point , we have to start charging them for all the stuff we have to explain to potus through a phone . 
  my suggestion is minimum-wage basis . 
  we 're already at 45 minutes * 8,87 euro = 6,6525 euro pay denbts !, 
  care to post a source ? 
  i was about to use this in another comment, 
  aha , now i see . 
  nothing can beat his hair mate, 
  kids , we 're proud of you !, 
  good luck , i hope our governments do their part , and i hope the protest remains peaceful and ends as effectively as possible . 
  this is fucking amazing & you 're setting a good example for the rest of the continent , 
  focus is now for people with abitur ? 
  til, 
   montenegro is n't a muslim country and neither is bulgaria . 
  they have significant muslim minorities was his point, 
  syrians here have a lower crime rate than the us i think . 
  afghans , maghrebis , etc on the other hand . . 
  wtf merkel explained perfectly well the difference between `` islam '' & `` islamist '' . 
  not her fault erdogan ca n't understand the difference . 
  and i seriously doubt it was a simple translation mistake . 
  why ... why did i imagine this in inglorious basterds ? 
   even real hardcore tea party people share more of our values then putin and his boys . 
  i fully agree with his . 
  but trump is a real hardcore tea party guy . 
  i 'd have no issues whatsoever with a real hardcore tea party potus . 
   but when he says something stupid and the whole world criticizes him that hits him if that was true , he would have committed suicide by now . 
  he 's said a * lot * of stupid shit . 
   he will learn that he have to inform himself about the stuff he twitters and says . 
  he 's at the same phase as my 8-year old niece , she also posts rants on instagram & her parents are trying to teach her not to do it . 
   trump is maybe the us president , but we 've seen within the last time that hardly represents the us as a whole he represents the us as he was elected by them to be their top representative , after everything he said & did . 
  and you know , that part of turkey tends to have a lot of things going on . 
  no , we did n't have austerity during the financial crisis , we had austerity afterwards ( & now ), 
  the good thing about exporting is you got ta produce stuff , and to produce stuff , you got ta hire a * lot * of people & since training is so precious , industry jobs are stabler the other good thing is that when the global financial system explodes in the uk & us , you 're somewhat more protected, 
  they already voted berlusconi . 
  several times . 
  as long as frozen veggies are there & mushroom/potato/onion prices continue to stay low , i 'm fine . 
  we stronk , polen stronk !, 
  edit : wait , the fuck netherlands ? 
  you get them abe !, 
  no , seriously , when are we restarting those trade talks ? 
  if he wants us not to perceive him as hostile towards germany , he should stop messing with our elections . 
  that 's all . 
   that may sound a bit idealistic , but i would rather have strong relations with a country that shares our values and do n't hate them . 
  trump does n't share our values , in any way , shape or form . 
  and people who voted for him after he bragged about sexual assault , promised to ban all muslims , said he 's gon na build a wall with mexico , mocked a disable journalist , attacked the media for doing its job , and threatened his rival with prison `` if he got the job '' . . those people do n't share my values . 
  period . 
  does n't exist as in we export so much that kind of rhetoric would be stupid, 
  i think most people just do n't care . 
  our history with china is minimal & for most people , the only contact is the chinese student who lives in a wg on the same floor as them . 
  our history with russia is centuries and centuries and centuries long , we 've done practically any atrocity in the book to each-other , we have germans who lived there , so many immigrants , etc. 
  potus does n't share our values , and a good portion of the country does not , and potus just threatened us with punitive tariffs , tweets bullshit , his top advisor considers us a currency manipulator , and they systematically mock & threaten the eu . 
  getting closer to countries that do n't share our values , but also do n't go around trying to break up the biggest political project in this continent 's history , might be a good idea . 
  but 1/3 of those are kurds , and they definitely do n't trust turkey, 
  let me get my notebook . 
  got ta do what you got ta do to connect with dem millennials or else you end up like hillary & her `` but she does n't excite me so i 'm voting stein '' crowd , 
  the whole 2015 mess , demographic crisis , underinvestment in infrastructure , being in the 20th century when it comes to technology . . 
   we need to make sure that those at the bottom profit more from it in the future , otherwise we may have our own trump in a few decades . 
  and the way to do that , in a social market economy , is making sure everyone who wants to get a job can get a job , investing in education heavily , lowering red-tape costs , increasing productivity , and not taxing people to the point where the low-middle class pays 30 % of their income the state . 
  to send inequality down , we have to push incomes up , not social welfare . 
  dude , calm down , i 'm voting csu . 
  a merkel with beard & glasses is perfectly fine in my book , 
   one thing i heard that i liked a lot though is that they considering unfreezing raises to employer contributions to social security . 
  it cant be that the burden of higher costs is only put upon the employee for all eternity now . 
  care to explain in either simple english or german ? 
  if you want to export , you have to sell it to someone . 
  why not sell it to canada , a country with great labor standards , a stable democracy , great environmental track record , etc etc ?
