  well , looks like finally we 'll have it . 
  you want us to die ? 
  i do n't agree with this going through a lame duck parliament . 
  i am sorry but i do n't . 
  do it the first day of the new parliament . 
  merkel just said new . 
  i think they 'll be punching air again . 
  she just said yes like five minutes agom, 
  definitely pro-gay marriage , but this is incredibly inappropriate . 
  we have a coalition agreement and a government . 
  do n't turn our politics in a turkish bazaar . 
  wait four more months , pass it in october ffs . 
  thank you for quoting the chancellor . . 
  she gets respect because she 's fucking brilliant . 
  csu to grow up enough to not get out of the coalition for sth its voters support . 
  what merkel & tauber today showed is clear : we 'll have it in the next legislature-period . 
  3/4 pro , 1/4 against . 
  in a week , cdu/csu has to decide if rejecting gay marriage will be in the program or not . 
  tl ; dr ( friends waiting , hoping someone else does a better translation ) - fdp , sdp and gr\u00fcne made gay marriage a coalition condition last week - says the personal decision should n't be part of the political discourse - says spd has been silent about it - ( ** important ** ) says she 's changed her opinion on child well-being in these cases , as she was invited to a lesbian couple nursing eight foster children . 
  she specifically says that `` if the youth office can entrust them with these kids , the state can not argue against adoption '', 
  except they bombed frankfurt to rubble so not much to retain . 
  they can only rebuild . 
  edit : typo . 
  so ( to ), 
  we want a big tax-decrease for the wealthy ? 
  if you check polls asking me which factors they take in account for their vote , it 's economy . 
  some of us wants the flexi-rente & the private option to be further expanded . 
   fedidwgugl wtf was that, 
  the election is also about the economy . 
  it 's about the shape we want our country to take . 
  and it 's also about the pair of hands for the next four years . 
  stronger europe with decreased defense spending for germany and `` following the ideals of de-arment '' ? 
  how . . creative . 
  way to go schulz . 
  i have to say , the guy 's probably gon na be a fine foreign minister next autumn . 
  no , but i 'd say it 's stupid to say no one has ever won elections in germany . 
  fdp are euroskeptics ? 
  fdp made it a condition too . 
  germany has changed since ' 94 . 
  and yes , they 'll lose a lot of moderates if they go full nuts to the left . 
  i think cdu is going for tax cuts for families . 
  and in all three states , the local cdu candidate was less popular than merkel , and the local spd candidate was more popular than schulz . 
  if directly voted , in both sh & nrw the spd candidate would have won . 
  schulz dragged down his own candidates , merkel pulled her candidates up . 
  federal politics was the third most important reason nrw voted for cdu according to polls . 
  it was not in the top 5 for spd voters . 
   the point is that they did n't actually cross the finish line . 
  they were pushed beyond it by the dup ( a party so conservative that this is n't going to sit well with a lot of voters ) . 
  by these standards , you have to go back like two centuries to find a `` winner '' in germany . 
   corbyn did n't lose . 
  he did lose by being , ya know , the second party and staying in opposition for the next four years . 
  first thing , the second you get outside of bayern you can smoke weed practically everywhere bar inside a police station and get away with it . 
  second thing , i remember seeing drunk people around my whole life . 
  it 's not some new degeneration that those sleazy teens born past 2000 brought to this country . 
  i do n't like the fact that there are prostitutes in my town , but hey , if there 's demand and supply , i 'd rather have it legalized and regulated . 
  just because i find things inappropriate does n't mean they should be banned . 
  merkel has n't even started campaigning herself . 
  first thing , i think you meant to reply to my comment . 
  second , calm down . 
  third , do n't fucking bring up that disgusting american election when you 're trying to comment on our politics . 
  fourth , i am allowed to vote for whoever i want . 
  csu , fdp , afd , etc. 
  not cdu because it does n't run in my state . 
  fifth , clinton was a surer thing than trump . 
  sixth , trump is in bed with russian oligarchs . 
  seventh , literally no proof that hillary is `` in bed with ws '' eigth , sanders had literally no chance of winning the primaries or the election . 
  your lot needs to come to terms with that . 
  ninth , i am voting for a party that has been in government for the past 12 years , not quite the same as voting for a cheeto with literally no experience . 
  usually it is n't progressives and leftists who vote for cdu btw . 
  just sayin ' . 
  fdp are fiscally conservative . 
  they are economically liberal . 
  i agree about gay marriage and internet coverage . 
  the electric cars have an obvious explanation : there 's hardly any economy as reliant on the automotive industry as us . 
  shooting yourself in the foot is pretty stupid . 
  the rest are , frankly , irrelevant , and explain why the reddit demographic is always disappointed by electoral results everywhere . 
  being of the opinion that the chancellor has to go because you ca n't pay by card for a parking spot is kinda telling . 
  i meant cdu over spd . 
  bayern is another matter . 
  nothing wrong with thai prostitutes . 
  i want their influence strong when it comes to internal ( order ) matters , but there 's always the option of going fdp the last day out of panic . 
  there are polls showing a 16 point lead that 's fucking embarrassing for spd . 
  it 's disastrous . 
  and as a csu voter , a 16 point lead makes me a bit uncomfortable about democracy in my country . 
  how is our government backing these people again ? 
  our constitution protects them . 
  end of the story . 
  you have a blanket ban on dating `` foreigners '' ? 
  interesting . 
  do n't thing it 's immoral or wrong ( unlike this renting thing ) , but it 's weird . 
  it 's not even a matter of people refusing to rent out to foreigners on principle : more like it 's routinely used as a disqualifying factor during early phases . 
  i 've lost count of how many times i have been asked to call the landlord for an apartment viewing because the guy/gal asking me knows they have a foreign accent and more likely it 'd be an automatic `` it 's taken '', 
   is it a discrimination , if those people cause trouble on regular basis ? 
  technically yes it is . 
  no one , at any point , talked about germany being defended by turkish mosques . 
  i was referring to turks in turkey being more defended against going full nuts and radicalising themselves than many other muslims . 
  while orban speaking at his funeral would be a complete shitshow , i think merkel speaking is a bit * ironic * considering , ya know , how she became chancellor . 
   ( actually the process is - the ministry of education picks a candidate and the catholic church can agree and ask for another option . 
  their rejection must have a good reason . 
  like `` he is not qualified because ... following pages of academic arguments ) my re teacher was appointed by the church , with no input from any government .
