  as a christian , i can admire that . 
  however , i think her insistence goes against our interests at the moment , simple as that . 
  and that 's where i can make a distinction between christian values , and political responsibilities . 
  she failed her responsibility . 
  `` germany made a mistake '' = `` i made a mistake '' she-s been chancellor for 11 years and she knows that perfectly well , she 's speaking about herself, 
  that 's exactly what she 's saying though , so why are you proving her point ? 
  merkel could tell orban to fuck off and you know that perfectly well , but she wanted to cover faymann 's ass . 
  happy cake-day !, 
  well , at least we gave up on our stable currency to reunify our nation , but no one forced you to join . 
  i agree , they broke laws but they did n't kill people . 
  neither db , nor vw . 
  but ... but ... :(, 
  it 's an unintended pun on `` alternativlos '' which was the word merkel used to describe the approach to the ez debt crisis , and for which she was heavily criticised as pushing spain/greece/portugal into a corner . 
  if anything moved her , it was heidenau , not that girl . 
  you also managed the euros pretty well, 
  i do n't think she 'll write any kind of autobiography so . . yeah . 
  personally , what i 've always been perplexed by ( and the article author is too ) is how stupidly unprepared the country was for any influx . 
  we need a polandball for this, 
  til . 
  i had n't read the print version , the first time i read this was today . 
  note : read the article , it 's maybe the best-written piece i 've seen on the issue , and it 's in english . 
  it also details what happened around orban very well , so it should be interesting for people in that side of europe too . 
  oh my god . 
  anything new on that front ? 
  have n't kept up, 
  of course , i was just providing extra info, 
  i did n't say anything about that did i ? 
  yes we did , and we should 've been fined for that . 
  both are an embarrassment , i agree , but let 's also agree that american companies in worse situations got away with much less, 
  no , we should not . 
  read what the books say about trade surpluses/deficits , it 's not the same thing as with budget surpluses/deficits . 
  oh , they 'll fire their ghost staff ? 
  i mean , you already are attacking vw & db pretty aggressively , and they are the flagship companies of the biggest economy of the ez . 
  tbh , it 's germany . 
  outside the internet , how many foreign products do you use on a regular basis ? 
  do you buy imported food regularly ? 
  ( i get barrilla for my pasta & sauces ) . 
  do you buy imported equipment ? 
  how many of german redditors have a non-german car ? 
  how many of your office stuff are imported ? 
  even without brexit , us will run past us quickly, 
  oh , found tsipras . 
  yes , that 's how it works . 
  the state pays for what the state has done , even if the government changes in the meanwhile . 
  except you know , euroskepticism and all that shit . 
  i live in a town where afd got 6 % years ago campaigning solely on low rates . 
  never mentioning immigration , because how can you expect to get votes by hitting immigration in one of the places that have benefited massively from immigration ? 
  we have npd too , since the ' 90 . 
  how did orban get elected in hungary ? 
  how did pis get elected a fifteen years ago , and now again ? 
  immigrants in those countries ? 
  le pen 's family has been around since forever . 
  switzerland , austria , denmark . 
  the thing is ... we have had the exact same population for nearly four decades now . 
  plus , where would people go ? 
  berlin gets a lot of people but it is still a mess so it 's not * that * many people , hamburg is already overpopulated , munich has the lowest birthrate of the country so there 's place for new arrivals ( plus , the map does n't count the massive post-2011 arrivals in munich ) , frankfurt has like six satellite towns so the average goes down , nrw cities have no jobs , and people still move from dresden/leipzig so it evens out . 
  hessen , rp also tend to do well . 
  there 's also a tiny rich dot in the north ( hamburg ), 
  ethnic albanians already make like 90 % of kosovo population, 
  we have privacy laws & all that jazz . 
  i 'd say duisburg gets the top price for that . 
  yeah , frankfurt is probably the most segregated big city , but having an openly xenophobic pm can not solve the problem . 
  not if his entire campaign was built around `` immigrants are n't german , period '' . 
  you should never visit prague my friend . 
  actually , if you used the free time to learn sth new , it would be a very , very smart to make that choice . 
  no , not our media , i follow most intl news through the british media , which , let 's be honest , does n't say much . 
  our media 's intl section are mainly terrorism in france - erdogan did sth stupid - look , a russian opera !, 
  and then we go to buli news . 
  i said blaming . 
  the 2013 campaign was built around merkel explaining why we had to bail-out greece to her voters which is kind of the opposite of what i am saying . 
  i did n't mention pc did i ? 
  i just said it feels bad . 
  and it was n't terrorism the reason , it was drugs . 
  idiots mostly . 
   the ones that suffered from our past actions tend to be quite ok with 21st century germany . 
  no , hollande 's entire electoral campaign was a metaphorical version of `` i 'll tell merkel to fuck off '', 
  yes . 
  if i remember correctly , after your pm resigned in 2011 , the opposition guy bashed epp a lot during the campaign and eventually won . 
   ukrainians crime . 
  i 've been in a situation where my ( pretty dark ) turkish friend was stopped , id-checked , pat down and had to open his coat pockets . 
  when i asked the police officer if he needed to see my id , he responded with `` do n't use that irony with me '' . 
  this was in munich a year ago , during a festival . 
  it 's ugly , simple as that . 
  it 's one thing to keep an eye on darker people , and another thing to make it that obvious . 
  same for us . 
  thank you finland < 3, 
  honestly , are we the only country where major parties do n't build their campaign around blaming other countries ? 
  that 's kinda stupid is n't it . 
  yes , and then a certain french company will be fined & ordered to send them back to france . 
  thanks for the clarification , although i ca n't really understand what he wanted to say . 
  our media has n't reported a thing , and reuters is going full guardian lately . 
  ok , and the presence depends on the visit , and the presence is decided by the bundestag , and the bundestag already voted for recognition ... so i guess we went a full round ? 
  and will get over 50 % again in some time , i was only talking about federal numbers . 
  unless britain does n't let them enter . 
  they do n't get that in the uk , they want jobs and working illegally in the uk it 's easier than anywhere else in northern eu, 
  here i think poland would get higher than uk since we 're pretty used to them, 
  because if everyone in csu bar seehofer dies , what are we supposed to do , vote for spd ? 
  god ... save ... the queen ? 
  no one considers them angels or saints , but at least we trust them to be decent law professionals . 
  she was already one of the most , if not * the most * popular foreign leaders in the arab world way before the refugee crisis , so why not ?
