  an american will pay 5 % for the same bmw , but not 5 % for the same lemon . 
  ( picking stupid examples here . ), 
  the issue with this is simple : how can we fight ? 
  we have some of the highest taxes on earth . 
  we put a minimum wage . 
  we have very high wages in the manufacturing sector , compared to other big exporters . 
  we 're not supposed to be competitive on exports ... but we are . 
  we 've been good exporters since forever , and we 'll continue to be . 
  now , for budget surplus . 
  a gov takes taxes and spends them . 
  spending counts as a part of gdp , so cutting spending down means you lower growth . 
  what germany has done for three years is spending less than it takes . 
  now , our growth rates look cute , but they hide the fact that higher spending could increase growth even further on both short and long term . 
  now , why should the south care about what we do with our money ? 
  a ) they have to export . 
  normally , they could export to germany as the biggest economy of the ez . 
  but walk around a supermarket and try to find a foreign product . 
  or walk into a benz factory and ask them where do they get their parts from . 
  answer : eastern europe . 
  ( their manufacturing is reliable , infrastructure is good , products are cheap , they work their asses off , quality is top notch ) . 
  if , let 's say , the german gov decided to build roads , it could buy cement from spain , but since we 're not spending , we do n't build roads so no demand for cement . 
  b ) budget deficit should stay below 3 % acc to rules that germany pushed for ( and southern europe supported ) . 
  however , in the latest round , our finance min apparently lobbied for no sanctions for spain/portugal . 
  c ) post-crisis , germany pushed for austerity in spain/portugal . 
  that was the wrong move . 
  spain is not greece , and their structural problems were not directly traceable to excessive deficits . 
  yes , a time for reform should have come , but it was not the right moment . 
  and it hurt them . 
  not even greece , but good luck borrowing on 8 % rates . 
  it 's krugman with his usual stuff , and the article has a couple of concepts that are so wrong that i ca n't understand how a man of his intellect allows to be written under his name . 
  btw , the article he references is actually better . 
  i disagree with sch\u00e4uble 's obsession with a surplus , but krugman & his friends are , to quote him , on another parallel universe . 
  til . 
  when he was here for some visit , a newspaper reported that his son was baptized by the pope . 
  if we let berlin fall flat on its ass , they 'll eventually find a way to get their shit together . 
  the greek way . 
  but we ca n't do that to berlin , so we trust the forces of the free market to make them understand they should grow up . 
  until then , pray that their governance does n't go full multikulti corrupt-socialist . 
  well , bavaria has below 2 % of the population on hartz iv , so it 's very easy to monitor them . 
  berlin has ... a lot . 
  well , they have good football . 
  and that 's about it . 
  the rest of germany ca n't afford it, 
  if you want a proof of how secular albania is : this guy does n't know that his pm is actually catholic . 
  oh , found the brit . 
  :p no . 
  actually , the gdp of frankfurt is lower than that of hamburg , munich , stuttgart , etc. , and hessen has a lot of industry in addition to banks , and industries are the ones that employ a lot of people , the banking sector in frankfurt does not count for much of their recent growth . 
  her comments were ok . maybe they could be phrased better , but then , she 's always had horrific pr skills so who cares . 
  the idea she presented was simple : people living in germany should show they loyalty towards germany . 
  and she referred to the demo in k\u00f6ln as a counterexample to that . 
  unless you know what can happen if you ignore human dignity , human rights or rule of law because the majority wants to do so . 
  finally some common sense . 
  i know it 's 92000 poles and i remember sth about romanians being 1/3 of that , but am too lazy to check for official sources from my phone, 
  correct, 
  except when it ca n't . 
  spd campaigning for federal comprehensive schools , am talking to you . 
  no one can understand the brits my friend, 
  hipsters are not a net gain for gdp either, 
  you find plenty of hartz iv neighborhoods in the west too . 
  and it 's not like its economy its booming either . 
  other than organic food shops , of course , but good luck competing with southern gdp numbers with those, 
  as someone who lived in the worst parts of munich for years : it 's not even comparable . 
  it may be poorer , but pretty much everyone around me had at least a part-time job , it was perfectly safe to sleep with an unlocked door , there was no excessive garbage around , no one selling drugs openly , no gang fights in train stations , and you actually felt like a part of munich instead of forgetting you live in the capital . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's a poor , hippie , badly-maintained , badly-governed city that happens to be our capital . 
  did ' t you just celebrate your state birthday, 
  maybe in touristis resorts that cater almost exclusively to foreigners . 
  i know a guy with horrific german who is working in a hotel in munich that gets only rich saudis , he speaks turkish & english so it 's ok . other than that , kinda hard . 
  if you 're interested , check for a bartender , there you can get away with no german . 
  irish pubs , nightclubs , not beer gardens . 
  or for hartz iv , but nevermind, 
  and in shops on sunday . 
  in school on christmas . 
  in the tax office . 
  in the parliament when taking an oath . 
  i think the guy says he 's against girls being forced out of school, 
  apparently , the municipality wants to guarantee people their religious neutrality . 
  exactly . 
  if they want to ban headscarves for public representatives in some eastern town , fine . 
  but then we get to keep our crosses . 
  the woman specifically said she refuses to remove it because of her religion . 
  that 's where i draw the line : at her words . 
  i doubt there are many muslims there in that town , let alone working with the mayor . 
  plus , the thing was the woman would be in contact with citizens . 
  it 's not like she was some assistant hidden somewhere , but she would represent the state . 
  not the crown either i think, 
  only if we exchange her with that cool eesti guy . 
  i 'd rather have her than siggy though, 
  some of our jews wear them everyday, 
  and that 's why we should talk about the horrific state of education in a couple of german states instead of hijabs . 
  hey / u/marktplatz we need you again, 
  do n't even know why i bothered to click on the chart . 
  predictable . 
  no , they are not . 
  the oath to god is not required . 
  it is allowed . 
  same as church tax . 
  i do n't agree with this rule , but that 's because i grew up in bavaria and went to schools with crosses on walls and i actually had decent teachers and was taught that religious freedoms are not to be restricted . 
  however , dresscode is decided by the municipality , not by the gg . 
  the fed gov can not force a municipality to abolish this rule , if that was your point .
