  just do n't bring him over to the buli please . 
  yes , the guy ( single guy ) got away and at least during the day , they did n't catch him . 
  i do n't know if they found him later , i have n't kept up with the news . 
   last year exactly . 
  you remember a specific bank robbery that happened last year . 
  we had one last week in frankfurt . 
   economic growth in the eurozone fell to its slowest pace since the middle of 2015 , expanding by just 0.3 per cent in the second quarter . 
   the latest forecast from eurostat matched an initial estimate , confirming that the 19-country bloc saw growth halve from the impressive 0.6 per cent rate recorded at the start of the year . 
  the pace of annual growth hit 1.6 per cent in the second quarter . 
   germany , the continent 's traditional economic powerhouse , saw growth slip to 0.4 per cent in the second quarter from 0.7 per cent during the first three months of the year , although the april-june figures were better than expected . 
   perhaps more troubling for the continent 's policymakers , italy 's problems were compounded by a stagnant reading of just 0 per cent in the three months to june . 
  the eurozone 's third largest economy also saw its debt pile creep up to $ 2.25 tr . 
   portugal , a former bailout country , also disappointed with expansion of just 0.2 per cent in the second quarter . 
  greece , the bloc 's traditional laggard , managed to exit its most recent recession , with output growing 0.3 per cent . 
   despite the broader continental slowdown , most economic indicators following britain 's decision to leave the eu in late june show the eurozone has tentatively managed to weather any immediate adverse effects from the brexit vote . 
   the figures show the single currency area grew at the same pace as the us , while growth in the uk was double both areas at 0.6 per cent . 
  ** there are graphs and shit at the original article that you can read by copy-pasting the title into google **, 
   greece bucked the downbeat tone of eurozone gdp reports this morning as it reported a surprise burst of economic growth in the second quarter . 
   the country reported a 0.3 per cent increase in output in the second quarter , in contrast to expectations of a 0.2 per cent contraction . 
  it also revised up figures for the first three months of the year , from a 0.5 per cent decline to a 0.1 per cent decline . 
   the economy still shrank 0.1 per cent on an annual basis , ** actually it 's 0,7 % acc to the newly published ec document ** but this was a much stronger figure than the 1.8 per cent fall predicted by economists , and the 1.3 per cent decline reported in the first quarter . 
   economic expansion is vital in helping to bring down greece 's debt pile , which is running at 180 per cent of gdp . 
  in may , greece agreed a wide-ranging deal with creditors ( again ) , and the bank of greece had predicted a rebound in activity in the second half of the year as the country receives its latest tranche of bailout cash . 
   greece 's economy has shrunk by almost 30 per cent since the start of the financial crisis in 2008 , but observers are hopeful recovery is now in sight . 
  most international organisations expect greece to return to annual growth next year , though there is little agreement on the pace of any increases . 
   on a big day for european gdp figures , germany and hungary have both beaten forecasts , but disappointing numbers out of italy , poland and portugal have prompted a decline in stocks across the continent . 
  can they also arrest c\u00fcneyt cakir please ? 
  that guy took the fun out of this year 's cl-sfs, 
  do n't you also have the lowest bank robbery rate in the whole continent ? 
  does n't uk have the highest uni rate of g7 ? 
  well , steinmeier ca n't exactly meet her in front of cameras while brexit is n't done yet , there are diplomatic rules & stuff, 
  are you seriously saying no one in syria has thought that sending certain trained attackers to europe in a mass of unidentifiable people might be a nice strategy ? 
  they 're not * that * stupid, 
  `` fuck this shit kuba , i need alcohol , this fucking fire is hot as fuck '', 
  portugal should have asked for help earlier , as opposed to days after the fire started . 
  anyway , i 'd guess the planes came from spain & italy because they have annual experience in this stuff . 
  you ca n't expect forever-frozen lithuania to know what do with forest fires . 
  oh , i fully support classes on islam , i am just saying it will require more oversight than regular christian classes . 
  our teacher showed us videos of their televangelists to argue about the importance of the church tax . 
  it was brilliant . 
   as long as the same criteria apply to islam-teachers as they do to the christian ones . 
   bw flair are you sure you 'd want the same level of state control in re for islam as they do for catholic classes in bayern ? 
  my teacher was good , but i 've had friends who had some 100 year olds that refused to even listen to opposing views in class , and let 's just say that some rural bavarian churches are not the right institution to determine the curriculum on how kids should perceive religion . 
  it would be even worse if that kind of liberal attitude would stay towards islam too . 
  i 'd rather not have imams telling kids that women are inferior to men . 
  yeap , it would be great if you could attend different classes in different years . 
  they did n't even allow us to switch to protestant classes, 
  i live in augsburg , and even we made fun of them , and for more than two lessons . 
  but thank you for advertising that spare land - maybe nostalgics want to come and reinstate our old place . 
  btw , hey , polan ... 
  the albanian flag is fucking badass, 
  you have a constitutional right to religious education as a german citizen . 
  the reason why there 's are n't islamic classes is simply a loophole of islam not being centrally organized in germany . 
  it was two hours a week in my time, 
  you do it differently though , you have a detailed state curriculum and what not . 
  here it is mostly in the hands of the church itself due to certain reasons . 
  yes , because the state-enforced laicite in france has worked sooo well for them . 
  atheist indoctrination gets you nowhere , as eastern europe can attest . 
  because religion has had no effect whatsoever in how the world functions today . 
  that 's your perception . 
  is history practical ? 
  i think it 's fine , personally i liked it . 
  if the teacher is good , it 's cool so i see no reason why it should be changed . 
  til 2 . 
  i meant the law for a burqa ban , not the constitution 3 . 
  i meant that at least * this * state would fall over itself to ban the burqa , however it would also never allow for religious protection to be lifted because then the church would invade us 4 . 
  exactly . 
  it 's just that reddit is filled with atheists who believe that the state can go around and ban stuff for shit & giggles . 
  it 's fine to be an atheist - it 's not fine to assume everyone else is . 
  it 's fine to be pro anti-constitutional means - it 's just stupid to celebrate them . 
  gg is fine , i see no need to change a single thing in it . 
  not article 4 p.s. 
  thank you for the detailed answer , you helped both me & other posters, 
  i also remember girls on t-shirts and knee-length pants last year in passau, 
  because religious freedom comes before the right to wear motorcycle helmets , and btw i do n't think they 're banned here . 
  not in service stations at least , and it 's entirely possible to have banks ban them in their own buildings . 
  so should we ban the internet too if it radicalizes people ? 
  like ... 
  the fuck . 
  there 's a cost and benefit to everything . 
  yes , allowing the burka means you 'll get to see a couple of fully-covered women a month if you live in one of the big cities . 
  big fucking deal . 
  the cost of banning them is severely infringing article 4 of the gg . 
  and the benefit of banning it is ... 
  wait , i do n't even know what the benefit is other than sending a message that could be transmitted much better on other , non-anti-constitutional grounds . 
  saying you 're fine with a state that does n't respect freedoms and rights because od terror threats , only means that you 're fine with a state that does n't respect them anyway . 
  one of the best things of our constitution is that is severely limits the things a government can do in a state of emergency , war , disaster , whatever . 
  they would n't even be able to shut down private schools . 
  and when i sadly see what 's happening on our left ... 
  i appreciate it even more . 
  did they stop teaching in school how law interpretation works or sth ? 
  we do n't have the anglosaxon system . 
  in your reasoning , should polygamy be allowed if a man marries two women at the same time ? 
  because the law only says how a man can not marry a second woman if he 's still married to the first . 
  you are pro-individual freedom , but fuck them if there are two non-lethal terror attacks ? 
  not even bush got this far , at least the guy waited for 3000 people to be killed before infringing rights and freedoms . 
  on what ground would be ban it though ? 
  `` security concerns '' ? 
  you 'd get the law thrown down immediately by the court immediately if you use that argument . 
  the only ground on which i 'd see it constitutionally-allowed would be if it was argued that it damages the woman 's dignity .
