  i 'd have to some the same in her spot . 
  you 'd have to do the same . 
  tl ; dr for us ignorants : it made too many risky investments , thus it has low capitalization , and on top of that is dealing with tens of billions of dollars in fines for stuff they messed up with . 
  also , unlike other big banks , it does n't have sth to `` fall back to '' when things go wrong ( like a huge retail base or sth ), 
  and no flexibility . 
  i can cook pretty well , so i do n't really measure , just go with what i feel works . 
  aldi has two rices : the 45 cent per 500 gram , and the 99 cent for 1 kg , both are pretty good but the first one is already separated in 4 portions so i do n't like it . 
  their prices on most stuff have gone down in the last 3 years , and service has gotten better in the big cities, 
  exactly . 
  her body , her business . 
  i ` understand the controversy if tauber was married or sth , but it 's stupid to attack her for this . 
  it 's henkel that should have kept his mouth shut . 
  and maybe merkel knows sth you do n't if she thinks it 's sexism ? 
  like , she 's the chancellor and meets with those guys on a weekly basis on formal & informal settings . 
  the fuck is this , a theater ? 
  who cares if she & tauber flirted ? 
  they 're two young , good-looking , independent adults with shared interests . 
  it 's one thing to discuss sexism in politics , and another thing to gossip like it 's the sun . 
  as someone who just bought their 1 euro pack of rice + 50 cent mushrooms for dinner : understandable . 
  his last years are surely pretty funny, 
  greece stronk !, 
  well , if he wants us to pay for removing them , we can negotiate a deal . 
  a beautiful deal . 
  the best deal . 
   has n't the eu been working towards accepting turkey as a member for a long time now ? 
  we 've had a government that is expressively against turkey in eu under any circumstance for the last 11 years . 
  why ? 
  uk has always been the biggest advocate for turkey in eu . 
  literally no one ignores the first , but most of people ignore the second . 
  yes , you are correct , it 's the deadliest terror attack . 
  we 've had deadlier school shootings though . 
  and while lw extremists have not killed anyone in the last decade or so , i am more scared to go around an antifa demo than a pegida one . 
   right wing extremism will continue to rise if we do n't end the refugee crisis . 
  except violent rw extremism has statistically gone down . 
  in the ' 90 , there was a racist-based murder every month or every other month , and now we 've had none for 4 years . 
  as long as rw extremists continue to do bad stuff , we should not ignore it , simple as that . 
  i only referred to post-reunification things , or else the list would get tooo long . 
  btw , i went to oktoberfest on sunday/monday , and it was much better than in the last years . 
  so if you anyone is thinking about it , i strongly recommend you to do it . 
  i mean ... statistically speaking , it 's like 70 ( using official numbers , and i think you know the controversy surrounding tens of other incidents that are not classified as deaths of a racist motive , and not incl . 
  the munich shooting ) murders by rw cunts since reunification compared to 2 by islamist terrorism : it seems pointless to debate . 
  on the other hand , massive terror attacks are done by is affiliates , and islamist terrorism has been called the biggest threat by the interior ministry at least since 2010 . 
  i do n't think neo-nazis will start shooting everyone in a crowded train station anytime soon , so i guess i am more scared of islamist terorrism . 
  but then , i am a blonde guy whose grandparents were born in this town , not a black-haired , law-abiding business owner whose dad was a gastarbeiter . 
  nope , i do n't bash the guy , i have huge respect for the way he does his job, 
  oh shit , i always forget about his scandal . 
  but i have a feeling most of my fellow germans do the same , so it would be the same . 
  those `` sacrifices '' are what lead to these problems though, 
  merkel is spicy thai food when you compare it to his blandness . 
  de maiziere is n't a bad guy , but in times like these you someone who a ) can take political responsibility & b ) is not involved with any corruption scandal . 
  the problem is that the list of those who tick both boxes is pretty short at the moment . 
  as a csu voter : do n't even joke about it . 
  the problem with gabriel is , he 's genuinely embarrassing to have as a chancellor . 
  i ca n't trust him to tie his own shoelaces . 
  take any issue and you see a kind of instabilitiy you never have with merkel , even if she builds her positions on what people want sometimes . 
  refugee crisis ? 
  his party has actively stalled progression when it comes to making laws harsher , and now he has the balls to go against the policy he himself supported , a chancellor that did what he would do , and a phrase he himself coined , and he does that without bothering to explain what he wants to do . 
  \u00d6zdemir from the opposition as very honest when he said `` we all did our part , we should all take responsibility as a political class '' , and the vice-fuckinh-chancellor says `` me for nothing to do with it '', 
  close-to-nazis have a pretty decent chance to get into power in a bunch of countries , what makes us different ? 
  radical right-wing extremists still exist . 
  they still kill immigrants , bomb fast foods , beat people up for being black . 
  it 's not some other universe or another century . 
  i mean ... 
  i am genuinely sorry that the guy was killed for being black , but that foundation sucks . 
  serbs are n't muslims, 
  this guy is a sweetheart . 
  oh , now you know how it feels, 
  it 's not backing done from action a when you say it was wrong not to do b earlier , without saying doing a is wrong . 
  telegraph did n't even bother to translate her speech, 
  but i already said i do n't want my chancellor to do that . 
  on a personal level , i disagree , but it 's stupid to turn this into a huge debate for saying `` if they want turkey , let them have turkey '', 
  i was only talking about alcohol , i know that there are many restrictiond here in general . 
  people are going full nuts nowadays . 
  his statement is perfectly fine . 
  similar to gabriel 's middle finger : i 'd rather not have my chancellor do that , or say this statement , but when someone does is fine , perfectly acceptable and i would n't care much . 
  people talk against robot-politicians , then talk against non-robot politicians . 
  can we ban this shit ? 
  even for telegraph standards , the article is way too inaccurate in facts and suggestive on feels . 
  the only rule we have for alcohol is `` do n't drive when drunk '' good luck finding an open shop on sunday , but those that are open can sell alcohol the same way . 
  anyway , it 's a state matter not a federal one . 
  i think in bw you can not buy alcohol 22-6 in a gas station if you 're the driver of the car without passengers or sth like that, 
  cool for you , but why in hell should boateng be considered with immigrant background ? 
  or repatriates ? 
  they do . 
  do n't ask me on the logic of it . 
  like i said , it 's not properly enforced in some states, 
  `` blue chip '' , thus the 30 companies that merkel met last week . 
  for the first number http://m.dw.com/en/economist-geis-33000-jobs-for-refugees-a-success/a-19397020 for the 2nd number : not all 1 million are allowed to work . 
  many were refused asylum , and many have not had their request processed yet . 
  the only ones who can work are the already recognized refugees, 
  actually , it 's 30000 out of 550000 . 
  still too low , but do n't outright lie . 
  ... what ? 
  welfare cash is legally conditional on you looking for a job actively . 
  maybe not enforced properly in some overburdened states , but definitely that 's the concept . 
  in germany , we pay more for mobile phone tariffs than anyone else , regardless of minimum wage . 
  hamburg is a very cool city , frankfurt is a little dull but a very convenient place to live . 
  many small towns are also ok if you have a job . 
  however , nrw cities or hanover or bremen feel too run-down for my taste , and decent job opportunities are scarce . 
  southern germany * i 'd rather live in leipzig than in most of nrw , but i 'd rather live in augsburg than pretty much anywhere else .
