  the problem is our military is n't even sufficient for self-defense, 
  i mean , our army is not well-prepared for * any * kind of conflict . 
  that 's * bad * . 
  it does n't matter how high or low your standards on respectable military are , none of those standards could be fulfilled by the bundeswehr, 
   the u.s. wanted europe to take lead on the crisis , eu/germany efforts were kind of useless . 
  us foreign policy is more focused on containing china in the pacific and the middle east than it is about failed states on the edge of europe . 
  obama outsourced the crimea crisis to merkel who did n't want to have anything to do with it - and here we are, 
  we 've sent troops in mali too , western neighbor . 
  thank you . 
  hugs from across the ocean . 
  wages , in general , are higher in sweden than in germany , so i do n't know about what wages and employees are we talking about . 
  so if , say , a construction company sold bonds to the ecb , they would get an extra billion euros right ? 
  they can use this money to then build stuff . 
  but if the construction company goes down , then the ecb does n't get its money back . 
  how would it be possible for ecb to `` verify '' every company 's financial health ? 
  i can understand how they do it right now with the banks , but at the end of the day , how could they possibly choose between audi & volkswagen ? 
  picking one would favor that company against the other no ? 
  berlin feels so tiny compared to those numbers thank god . 
  this is coming from a staunch opponent of mass immigration : you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about , 
  germany today is strong because we sat down and concentrated on our business when it was time to do so . 
  because we kept trade open with the soviets , built bridges with those around us and the us . 
  if you say `` in spite of nationalist guilt '' , you 're implying that if our relationships with france , us , uk , russia , poland , israel , etc would have been weighted down by ww2 memories , we would be in a much better position . 
  that is not true . 
  and when you say `` in spite of its leaders '' , you 're doing a disservice to some of our leaders in the past who were pragmatist and did what was right for the future , instead of staying in the past , puffing their chests and participating in dick-swinging contests . 
  or , it was not the euros fault but the fact that these economies had structural problems . 
  listen , i do think that choosing euro was not the right decision for spain or portugal , however , i would not blame the currency for their unemployment rates . 
  what about france , is it the euro 's fault too ? 
  what about , say , finland ? 
  what about austria going through hard times ? 
  most of countries in europe ( including germany ) have at least one huge structural problem . 
  addressing that problem instead of attacking the ecb like it 's some charity organization whose aim should be to feed people would have worked much better in the long run . 
  but german passed the crisis with less headaches than practically every western developed economy in the world , so your point would n't make sense in that regard . 
  it 's not the euros ' fault unemployment in the us exploded during the crisis . 
  you could put german stats during the crisis against the american , canadian , australian , british , etc stats and if you were so keen on correlation = causation , then germany was to blame for the australian median wage decrease . 
   why did anyone ever think this was a good idea mitterand 's megamasterplan was that the euro would strengthen the french economy immensely and turn it into the biggest economy in europe or something . 
  he knew that uk would never join and the currency would be a catalyst of stronger integration , so the closer-union , the small `` insiders ' club '' would be the eurozone countries . 
  his assumption was that reunification would fuck with the german public finances and consequently with the economy - not to the point of germany exploding , but enough to establish france as a top economic powerhouse in europe . 
  also remember this was almost three decades ago - a collective currency would also , in those conditions , strengthen spain and italy , two countries that are politically and culturally tied to france . 
  back then , also no one thought any country east of germany would join the eu anytime soon - and you might have forgotten this in the latest debates about the asylum crisis , but v4 countries were actually , let 's say , `` our lot '' . 
  scroll down to a decade later : schr\u00f6der did n't really think that was a good idea so he did something about it scroll down to the 2008 crisis and you see a situation in which the new american president `` withdraws '' from europe ; putin is too occupied with his domestic businesses to mess with eu ; the french and italian economy are in big trouble ; v4 countries are doing perfectly fine , spain explodes in a housing bubble , portugal & greece discover massive debt problems , and in times of a global crisis , germany is doing relatively ok : exports are fine , unemployment did n't skyrocket ( the irony : due to keynesian policies ) , social cohesion , new markets opening up , a calm and collected chancellor instead of the national jokes that were sarkozy & berlusconi and that chancellor is actually doing the stuff her voters want her to do about eu . 
  after three decades , i think we can all conclude the megamasterplan did not exactly work . 
  edit : something i forgot to mention : the 2000-to-2007 numbers are a little off because of the mess we were in at that moment , so i would n't say using the german gdp-per-capita is a good benchmark . 
  and do n't ignore the crisis - if their gdp per capita was lowered dramatically , it would be one thing : but you compared it to the german gdp per capita , absolutely ignoring our reforms in the early 2000 , bundesbank keeping things stable , our birthrate , etc. 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  i agree that the euro was a stupid idea for the southern economies , but this data does nothing to support this . 
  i was n't sarcastic . 
  a 1,5-2 % inflation would be a good thing right now for us too . 
  the law about the creation of ecb and every eu law about financial responsibility, 
  so fiscal policy ? 
  that wo n't happen in a significant way , because we really ca n't afford inflation right now and the biggest question would remain `` with whose money ? '', 
  the sole reason why it took so long is because ecb works differently than the fed . 
  it 's an independent , conservative and purely technical institution . 
  eu politics , eu having dysfunctional institutions and no decisiveness have literally , absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  not that we could n't use some inflation , esp . 
  after the min wage was introduced, 
  people buying safe deposit boxes to stuff their own actually helps the economy by raising short-term consumption, 
  if i spend more , everyone benefits . 
  if i go to the restaurant everyday instead of once a week , and so do others , the restaurant hires a new waiter and so on ( i picked a very simple example to make the connection clear ), 
  and then they say we overregulate . 
  shit . 
  time to visit belgium . 
  yes , i can understand not many greeks stay there from the greek music blasting from the cafe across the street :p, 
  like i explained somewhere else , the ecb is not the government . 
  it 's not responsible for your long-term plans for retirement . 
  ecb functions like bundesbank - they have to keep inflation below or at least around 2 % . 
  that is all . 
  that is their objective , their legal obligation and duty . 
  this is not the fed . 
  plus , it 's not `` useless spending '' . 
  it 's an incentive to buy houses , apartments , cars or put the money in bonds & equity , not `` spend it all on booze '' . 
  ... . now care to explain why should they do this ? 
  does n't it imbalance markets ? 
  it 's all relative my friend, 
  nope . 
  ecb ( or any central bank for that matter ) should not `` respect the will of people '' . 
  the only thing ecb is supposed to do is keep prices stable . 
  it 's literally in the law for ecb , as well as in our constitution . 
  ecb was modelled after bundesbank and it works just like it . 
  this model works perfectly well for germany , but it fails for the southern economies . 
  however , do n't use the fed as a benchmark - that is the other extreme model and it would hurt our economy too, 
  eu countries , esp . 
  northern & central countries that are effectively the only ones ( + uk ) doing well right now , have vey , very high saving rates . 
  keeping all the money in deposits does n't help the economy, 
  i mean , do you really want to keep some kilos of money at home in times when house robberies have exploded ? 
  all my savings stay in the bank , i only keep the money i 'll need for a few days in my wallet and a 200 euro hidden at home . 
  and if you have 1 mln euros , do n't keep it cash . 
  inflation exists too , even if we 've forgotten that in the past years . 
  i feel racist :p, 
  ... . care to translate ? 
  i 've taken two years of economics classes but mainly accounting & i ca n't understand this, 
  they know nothing :'), 
  one day , we 'll run out of money and then i 'll pray for both my job and the continent 's state , bu i think that day is n't close . 
  they ca n't earn more in germany if they 're earning below 1000 $ in sweden . 
  maybe they also want more support for their family than in germany or uk or netherlands ? 
  we imposed a minimum wage last year and i still do n't think it was the right decision in that form . 
  a two-level wage for sme & big corporations , or more adjustments for age , no of hours or tips would help it be more effective . 
  austria , denmark , switzerland , sweden , finland have the same thing : collective agreements, 
  what ? 
  my sister is studying , in a different state and that 's what she spends monthly . 
  comparing unemployment & wages in germany & greece , it just does n't make sense .
