  but we 're spending more on refugees abroad than half of the eu put together anyway so . . 
   it is a bad stimulus scheme . 
  we did not take refugees in to create a stimulus scheme . 
  i do n't know how many times do we have to repeat this sentence . 
  that 's sooo not how fiscal expenditure works . 
  even completely ignoring the multiplier , the net difference is less than 50 % due to high taxes . 
  now , after taking the multiplier in account , we do n't even know the sign of the difference . 
  well , there 's a way to be part of the great success that is the federal budget of germany , * if you know what i mean * , 
  rest of europe : you 're welcome . 
  will read it now , thanks . 
  in nrw ? 
  seriously ???? 
  spd program ? 
  should i come to remind them the number of kids in schools will go up in the near future due to increased birthrates ? 
  i am so thankful to my parents for deciding to pop me out in bayern . 
  now , fill this 10-page form and call us on monday between 9am and 10am to set up an appointment in which we can process your request for a joke . 
  without taking a license ? 
  not all afd voters are neo-nazis . 
  dreyer did a fucking amazing job of attacking her . 
  kl\u00f6ckner could n't respond , she was visibly taken aback . 
  it worked . 
  someone who has yet to alienate the core constituence of the spd ) neo-nazis that throw molotov cocktails at refugee shelters are not spd core voters . 
   lower saxony ( hampel ) did n't they get like 5,5 % last year there ? 
  and if they both decide to explode their parties , we get cem . 
  he 's a sweetheart !, 
  well , these guys are registered , since we have heard of so many cases of reichsb\u00fcrger members getting their gun permit revoked . 
  technically speaking , switzerland has a better welfare system than we do , they just also have lower taxes, 
  like i say below , they were interesting in the past . 
  but `` have '' is a present tense . 
  god knows . 
  he also protects us from the evils of an independent court system !! 1 !!!, 
  a school can choose to be christian . 
  these schools are secular . 
  then vote for the party that encourages private pension plans, 
  looool you do n't have the balls to vote for the party that stands against everything germany can take pride in looool you have to have balls in your brain to do that . 
  which should explain why pollsters overestimated their chances in the last two elections . 
  i said `` have '' . 
  i remember them having intellectuals - actually they had a bunch of really prepared people when they were only an anti-debt forgiveness , anti-bailout , anti-ez in general . 
  did n't fully agree with them , did n't vote for them in 2013 , but there 's no doubt whatsoever that it was a very interesting group with an interesting program . 
  it was after the fight between lucke & petry that they went apeshit nuts , and then the refugee crisis exploded like four months later and here we are . 
  the age pyramid is at its worst shape in the next decade - next two decades , things start improving a little bit afterwards regarding pensions and as a young person , i think sth like the flexi-rente is better for me too , than just handouts, 
  they have intellectuals ? 
  cdu candidates who went bordering-on-afd in local state elections got historically record low results . 
   schulz is a right-wing candidate in the spd . . who is campaigning as some weird anti-establishment leftist with a `` social justice '' agenda, 
  because the guy above wants him to . 
  so schulz will have to stop all naturalizations , change our constitution , destroy the biggest set of reforms since reunification , and come up with a basic income system . 
  i mean , i know he has high energy , but in 4 years . . 
  well , shooting at the police would normally require the possession of a gun , no ? 
  and germany has seen a giant drop in minijobs in the last three years , and almost all new jobs are full-time positions , but do n't tell that to schulz & his crowd . 
  i am a christian , i do n't mind the cross . 
  but i understand why children should n't be forced to be taught in cross-adorned classrooms . 
  this is n't some weird , lost-in-the-woods church : we are talking about schools built by taxpayer money - christians , muslims , jewish , atheists are entitled to those schools . 
  better than switzerland ? 
  i 'll take four , thank you . 
  we imported someone from serbia . 
  mein gott , even simply carrying the folders was physically tiring because of how much stuff was there, 
  because the other school probably has a cross too ? 
  and because if you live in rural bavaria , the other school is like an hour away ? 
  and these are all state , non-religious schools . 
  schools have a right to be religious schools . 
  non-religious schools , on the other hand , also have a right to put a cross or jesus in every classroom . 
  the issue here is , the non-christian parents have a right to ask for the cross to be taken down . 
  an american guy sued the school because he did n't want a cross near his son , and he won the case : if the parents ask for it to be removed , it has to be removed . 
  this right of the parents is the one not being respected . 
  cdu/spd were both pro reforms in the 2005 campaign . 
  niqab is covered by the bavarian new rule, 
  no , you ca n't . 
  unless covering your face is done to conceal your identity while you might be doing a crime ( as in , demo ) , you can get in with a ski mask and hang around the chancellery all you want . 
   a policeman comes up to you and tells you : sir/ma ` am can i see your face and your id ? 
  refusing to show your face to the police is already illegal in germany to my best knowledge , i ca n't see how the great state of bavaria helps with that . 
  no , if it only pertains to driving , schools , etc. 
  it would be constitutional . 
  a full ban on the other hand , screams `` anti-constitutional '' from a mile away . 
  taking down the cross when parents request it to be taken down is not some kind of appeasement : it 's a constitutional court decision that is systematically ignored, 
   do they love guns ? 
  compared to the rest of europe , yes . 
  one of the main reasons why reichsb\u00fcrger are so strong here while other rightwing extremists have a presence only in the east , is how easy it 's been to get a gun permit . 
  in his attempt to win this year 's german election , centre-left leader martin schulz has taken aim at one of the country 's sacred cows : the decade-old reforms that helped to make its economy the strongest in the eurozone . 
  mr schulz , who is trying to oust angela merkel after her three consecutive election victories , has lifted his social democrat party 's spirits and poll ratings since being named as their candidate for chancellor last month . 
  now he is targeting agenda 2010 , the overhaul of the german labour market and welfare system pushed through by one of his party 's former leaders , gerhard schr\u00f6der , as chancellor in the 2000s . 
  criticising legislation that is credited with making germany , once the sick man of europe , into an export powerhouse is a risky strategy . 
  many experts say it is thanks to mr schr\u00f6der 's gambit that german unemployment is now at a record low , that it has the highest number of people in work since reunification in 1990 and the fastest economic growth in five years . 
  but in a speech in the north-western city of bielefeld on monday , mr schulz , the former president of the european parliament , said the reforms needed to be corrected . 
  germany had seen an increase in insecure and badly paid jobs , `` even in parts of the labour market that used to be well protected '' , he said . 
  there was less social mobility and growing inequality -- the fault of a `` neoliberal mainstream '' that had declared workers ' rights and social welfare to be `` obstacles to growth '' . 
  attacking the schr\u00f6der-era reforms allows mr schulz to move the political debate in germany leftward , away from centre ground that for years has been monopolised by ms merkel 's christian democratic union . 
  it is also driven by a hard-headed electoral calculation . 
  one of the main reasons the spd has languished in the polls in recent years is the sense of betrayal that many working-class germans felt towards it in the wake of agenda 2010 . 
  mr schulz 's speech was short on detail . 
  but he was particularly critical of fixed-term work contracts , as well as restrictions on unemployment benefit . 
  before agenda 2010 , a worker could receive such handouts for up to 32 months after losing his or her job : afterwards , that was reduced to a maximum of two years . 
  `` people who have worked hard for many years , often for decades , and paid their dues have a right to the appropriate protection and support when -- often through no fault of their own -- they get into difficulties , '' he said . 
  he is not alone in criticising aspects of the legislation . 
  anke hassel , director of the institute of economic and social research in d\u00fcsseldorf , says it did much to encourage people back into work , especially in parts of eastern germany where long-term unemployment was rife , `` but it also created a large low-wage sector '' . 
  `` politicians , even when they are in campaign mode , should stop and ask which cornerstones have borne the stability of the german labour market in recent years christoph schmidt , head of the five-member council of economic experts that advises angela merkel on economic policy as a result , she says , of all eu member states germany has one of the highest proportions of low-wage earners , easily surpassing other big european economies such as italy and france . 
  about 18 per cent of people aged between 25 and 34 are on a fixed-term contract , in a country where jobs for life were once the norm . 
  so mr schulz 's message of social justice , which he has pledged to put at the heart of his election campaign , has fallen on fertile ground . 
  since he was named candidate for chancellor less than a month ago , the spd 's ratings have soared . 
  a poll at the weekend by emnid put the party ahead of ms merkel 's conservatives for the first time in 10 years . 
  but the reaction to his bielefeld speech from economists was withering .
