  how about we deport the non-war-zone-people that are around europe right now ? 
  cut any benefits now to whoever is dnenied asylum but was `` tolerated '' ? 
  how about we fucking decide to control our borders ? 
  just like the 160,000 distribution system did hell , ee will raise hell about this . 
  they 're way too determined to not let immigrants in, 
  i know they 're not being rewarded and that 's why i used an `` if '' in my comments, 
  please explain how the us deports freely to honduras but we can not change the rules to deport to safe zones in iraq, 
  are n't you `` central europeans '' now ? 
  `` guys , we survived the storm !, 
  boss , we survived it last week , we 're already packing to go back home '', 
  only after they give the cash , then the organization will explode and the cash will stay in greece why has n't anyone thought of this, 
  not forever , wtf are you talking about . 
  we have the lowest birthrate on the universe , we have to plan for that, 
  can confirm . 
  yes , i know in the next years it would raise consumption demand , but it would break every rule and create a precedent for a `` cheat the system , get rewarded '' way of dealing with economic problems . 
  in the long run , the effects are far worse . 
  yes , we should help , but writing off debt and saying `` hey do whatever you wan na do , we trust you '' wo n't work , because then everyone will be happy to do it . 
  what if one day , germany decides to ask whoever has the highest birthrate in europe to pay for our pension plans ? 
  greece desperately needed the money and no one was stupid enough to let them have it at that moment , so they invited imf . 
  in the long run , it turned up to be the right decision , as imf is now pushing for restructuring . 
  imf did n't want to join either , it was eu that pushed it, 
  we do n't know , we do n't know . 
  chances are someone did some magic to merkel . 
  yes , check it out . 
  i remember it too , it was horrific, 
  east europe as in poland/baltics , nooooo , do n't do that . 
  people from balkan will hug and kiss . 
  i volunteered in a shelter for some weeks and some albanian guys greeted each other with a brotherly handshake and two kisses , even if they probably met everyday . 
  no , i am not kidding, 
  also : short , quick , firm handshakes . 
  not super long handshakes when you practically tear their arm off . 
  i say this because i have noticed it with some people . 
  ofcourse , that 's a general line . 
  if you are polite and respectful , no one will care much  ), 
  not most of europe . 
  central and northern europe , yes . 
  other than that , no . 
  spaniards , italians , portugese , yes . 
  people from balkan countries are also huggy-huggy , they kiss each others ' cheeks even after the first meeting and between mixed genders , which would be a blasphemy say , in my catholic family . 
   what then is the solution to this exceptionally undesirable phenomenon ? 
  do n't take them in ? 
  deport them as soon as possible if they engage in any kind of sexual harassments ? 
  after you deport 10 guys for touching a butt , the eleventh guy wo n't be stupid enough to rape . 
  she 's the one living on her old prison right ? 
  it 's weiiird, 
  your country will be fine , it 's croatia that might end up in a bad spot . 
  they want to come to germany anyway , it 's only fair that our police should help slovenia with their borders and it 's absolutely the right decision . 
   not really that surprising . 
  people wanting to get and learn about a huge part of their history that has been forbidden to them for 70 years . 
  people could use a pdf that was perfectly available to everyone . 
  btw , i think our police is still raiding a couple of apartments from where students write racist comments on facebook but harassing a sexual violence victim ? 
  blah, 
  we 're living in times when you can get your house raided for saying sth abusive about the immigrants on facebook , but harrassing a sexual-violence victim is fine and the person should deal with it ? 
  always  he made me like snape * before it was mainstream * rip, 
  our country 's, 
  same here , you 're not alone, 
  himmler could spend decades towering over notebooks and building an industry on theory , but it was hitler that gave him the opportunity to make it reality . 
  i think in this case , the left opposition wo n't win the next elections and gruevski will be back to his office in a month or so ( from what i gathered ), 
  you know how gdp is calculated right ? 
  what are we supposed to do , stop exporting ? 
  while i do agree that our government should stay the fuck out of this mess , your comment is stupid there is a difference between guilt and responsibility . 
  one is good , the other is bad . 
  the whole europe has bad stories about each-other . 
  yes , german to pole is the darkest story , but that does n't give you a right to hide behind that argument . 
  those who tried your grandma were probably convicted and executed . 
  your grandma 's german neighbors were then sent to germany , and a good chunk of the country was put under the soviet boot . 
  the modern german state did all it could to overcome that past and to ensure it does n't happen again , so mentioning sth that happened 70 years ** is ** irresponsible for our ( common ) future . 
  i ca n't remember merkel mentioning berlin rapes to putin when he brought his dog . 
  i ca n't remember the japanese pm talk about hiroshima or camps when they negotiate trade deals with the us . 
  every time there are bail-out talks , one month prior to the negotiations , there are riots , violent protests , whatever you wan na call it do n't you agree with that ? 
  seehofer has a basic , close to nonexistent but still present sense of responsibility . 
  yes , they are conservative nutjobs who 'd go gay hunting if they could , but i 'd pick csu every day if i had to choose between them and `` armlength '' or some other deluded socialists, 
  a shame . 
  i do n't know any moroccan friend and i have n't read much about it , so i do n't have a solid understanding about your country . 
  no , she wants to move to lisbon :p, 
  oh , we can manage it , do n't worry . 
  we have bigger problems right now , our economy is n't doing that bad . 
  after taking hits from brazil , china , russia and half of europe stagnating , we can take another ( albet huge ) hit `` states lose economically '' is debatable . 
  the first that comes to my mind is netherlands , but i think you 're talking about ee and there , it 's a huge discussion whether they are `` losing '' more than profiting, 
  the police investigated themselves and concluded that what they is right but no , it 's not entirely true, 
  why are we using middle men , we should give that money directly to the firms then oh wait , you actually * drive * in those roads . 
  forgot about that . 
  germany will suffer if eu is destroyed . 
  however , it will be a headache compared to what some other countries will have to go through , 
  yes , plus in some cases , it 's visual too . 
  keep in mind that this was before the huge influx and before mass fakings started and huge chunks were moving around speaking albanian , serbian ( for bosnians ) or turkish with each-other , and i tell these languages apart easily, 
  it will fuck us up, 
  and selling a 19 y.o. 
  martial for two trillions euros, 
  i like her , she 's independent, 
  they are our little brother who got into art school , got himself in huge debt , loves opera and chocolates , but still looks up to their big brother, 
  i only volunteered there only until october . 
  i expressed this at r/worldnews and got , ofcourse , downvoted to hell . 
  syrians , iranians , palestinians were all ok . 
  many girls did n't wear headscarves , or wore only a thin headscarf with part of their hair exposed . 
  the majority spoke decent english and tried to help . 
  then the afghans ( i found them very ignorant , different experience ) , moroccans , tunisians ... god . 
  people from balkan countries were ok too , good english , some of them spoke german , kids started learning german very fast . 
  a little loud , but who cares . 
  so is belarus , but i do n't know many people from there who apply for asylum , then wander around robbing and groping people,
