  technically speaking , syrians do n't wear burqas . 
  i also have n't seen * any * burqa in a long time , and i was in frankfurt twice in the last month . 
  oh god , you do n't know much about our gg or eternity clauses , do you ? 
  and even if it was legally possible to `` forget to mention '' religious freedoms in that new constitution , it would not pass through the parliament and we 'd have to deal with state constitutions too . 
  on top of my head , both bayern 's and bw 's put religious freedom ahead of pretty much everything bar human dignity . 
  poles stopped being eu citizens recently ? 
  and the ones with double german-russian citizenship are ethnic germans ( or pretend to be so ) , so it 's another debate german-turks yes , that 's a problem, 
  does anyone know how many over-21 people have double citizenship with any country other than eu ones ? 
  moroccans and iranians , and that 's because they do n't allow their citizens to give it up . 
  but other than that , how many ? 
  twenty ? 
  south germany ist best germany , 
  ever visited gr\u00fcnwald ? 
  it feels like you accidentally stepped on a nice suburban neighborhood , but you have some of the highest-paid footballers of the world jogging on your side . 
  they are homegrown companies though ... they were just smart enough to get big enough, 
  deport them to syria ? 
  if you guys can stop using that stupid buzzword of `` regressive left '' for people that vote for conservative parties and are strongly against how the gov is managing the current crisis , it would make you look more serious and less trumpist . 
  and who the fuck am i to decide what has a place in the western world and what not ? 
  i also do n't like ear stretches , does n't mean it 's my job to tell others what they should wear , * and esp . 
  not when it 's a religious thing *, 
  i know what it is you see . 
  i am against the burqa thing , i am ok with the rest . 
  fr away for the spd . 
  citizenship : because it serves no point , it 's just a pointless measure to make people better . 
  if they have a german passport , * they are our people and our problem * . 
  and the bundesliga opening match , seriously ? 
  dunno if this is allowed , but i have to go out and my gf will kill me if i 'm late so ca n't to translate the full thing . 
  could someone please translate it ? 
  a general summary : it 's about discussions in the next meeting between the federal interior minister and the state interior ministers . 
  measures include : - burqa ban ( i disagree and i do n't think it will happen ) - reduction of exeptions of double citizenship - removal of german citizenship for is fighters in case they are on a double citizenship ( hollande 's idea , and i think it 's stupid ) - more deportations - 15000 more police officers - federal police equipped with body cameras - cyber defense center , incl . 
  things like illegal weapon trade my note : this is merkel 's typical thing with setting a `` far away '' position , then finding a softer compromise with spd, 
  banks are lending way below capacity due to the pessimism surrounding the economy . 
  it would actually be much better if they * were * lending . 
  i did n't call the woman stupid ( although keeping that gold home if we 're on the highest robbery rates since 1993 is stupid ) , i said ecb 's policy is stupid when you take in account the demographics in eu . 
  technically , the bank does n't profit much from it , hence the whole mess in our insurance sector with low rates still stupid as fuck, 
  it 's almost as if not all 7 billion people on earth behave the same way . 
  almost as if this was n't predicted four years ago . 
  almost as if . 
  no idea . 
  like i said above , it depends on the city , and berlin is a mess regarding the housing market, 
  nothing to do with sunday , the shop would never open on sunday anyway . 
  they simply did n't want the shop close to the big church . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/westerngrund it 's actually around 300km away now that i see it in a map , dunno who told me it 's 150km . 
  i do n't know what made you think that i support this policy or that i am not concerned . 
  however , of-fucking-course people should n't be forced to stay out in the cold in the fourth biggest economy of the world . 
  what 's the point of being the fourth biggest economy if people die from the cold ? 
  we pay 25 billion annually to the eu , and you 're saying we ca n't afford to house our own people ? 
  and btw , those dutch students are not eligible for hartz iv . 
  meh , they just had to vote other parties out and picked what was left, 
  apparently i live 150km south of the geographical center of eu . 
  sounds good . 
  no , if everyone is allowed to open on sundays that means it 's more convenient for a big business to be open than for someone that has to work 7/7 . 
  but we liked it this way ages ago , amd we still do ( well , most of us at least ) so why should we bother ourselves with shopping days that suit your taste ? 
  charity food banks here do n't have checks . 
  i used to volunteer at one and sure as hell i was n't allowed to even mildly discuss stuff like poverty with people that came , unless i would see sth conspicious like jewlery or similar things ( i went through a short training that covered this part too ) . 
  and my coordinator even told me that golden cross necklaces do n't count as conspicious since people have a right to their religion . 
  maybe things have changed now with the whole refugee crisis , but back then that was the case - do n't ask , do n't tell . 
  as for getting exploited , sure hartz iv gets exploited , but the housing part separately , not much . 
  you have to prove that you do n't have sufficient income so to get below that level you 'd have to either do some mistake and force your boss to fire you thus ending up with no income , or convince your company to pay you under the table . 
  doable ... but not that easy . 
  as for why our hartz iv officers do n't do it like in netherlands : they ca n't . 
  everyone is entitled to a roof above his head , even if it means putting someone in a big shelter for many people . 
  now , if they particularly hate you personally they can pretend to `` lose '' your file and force you out for some time and you 'd have to jump through plenty of hoops , but most of them do n't particularly hate an individual . 
  and it 's not like they 're spending their money for luxury surcharges : they 're spending my taxes . 
  and btw , your welfare system works in a similar way so no idea why you 're saying otherwise, 
  and what 's the chance of being killed by your government in * tunisia * ? 
  * secretly * ? 
  it 's not a secret if the government provides numbers , and includes them in the big number of arrivals ( 16000 in july ) . 
  there are cross-border arrivals , unhcr , the deal with turkey , family reunifications , etc. 
  and schedules , are you fucking kidding me . 
  ofc they 'll be flown in around 1-5am , those are the cheapest times . 
  actually , if you 've already been homeless for some time , you can ask for help from the local office to find the apartment since it 's covered under the re-integration-in-society part , with the assumption being that someone who 's stayed on the streets for years may not have an idea how to go around it . 
  if you 've been homeless for some time & decide to get your shit together : depends on where you are , around 1 week if you live in a small city since they can stick you to the suburbs . 
  in places like berlin or munich or frankurt it might take even a month . 
  however , what happens is that you lose your job , got no money , apply for hartz iv , and hand over your existing rent contract . 
  if the sum is too high compared to local rates ( it 's calculated on square-per-meter while taking in account how many people ) , you have 3 months to find a new apartment . 
  in practice , in overburdened offices they do n't bother much with this part , they just do the payment , either directly or hand you the money . 
  we do n't have council housing like in the uk or us , it 's the rent that is paid directly wherever you are as long as you do n't live in an expensive zone . 
  why ? 
  we prefer the free market more than uk or us apparently . 
  there 's a reason why you do n't see heavily tattooed men with pink hair and ear stretches in administration offices, 
  why not though ? 
  i understand why you do n't get it for a regular holiday semester , but health-related ones should be common sense . 
  oh , that 's even more understandable then . 
  never put it past our churches to go full nuts and start messing with shit they have literally nothing to do with . 
  how many catholics are there , fifteen ? 
  some years ago , they asked for a second-hand-shop to be relocated because it was deemed too close to frauenkirche . 
  the shop moved . 
  poles are very happy with eu, 
  it 's on relative terms so it 's calculated automatically, 
  uk has banks so theirs started in 2007 . 
  we went down in 2009 , taking you with us at some point, 
  we had austerity 2002-2008 , spent a shitload of money on 2009-2010 then back to austerity again . 
  but keep in mind that we recovered pretty quickly from the crisis so it was n't really felt by people . 
  and kurzarbeit saved our ass . 
  understandable . 
  i thought the church on * your * side of the country tends to mess less with the state, 
  do they have robots at your local ikea ? 
  i worked on one of the few open supermarkets in munich in sunday as a cashier as a side job . 
  2x the money .
