  that 's what makes these attacks even more weird and adds to that `` what is happening to our society '' debate, 
  i have no doubt that someone properly trained ( like a police , who should have been there ! ), 
  can take care of the situation . 
  that 's why switzerland has no problem with their guns . 
  now please tell many of gun-owners have proper training ? 
  you would end up shooting the women being assaulted ... 
  and killed each-other in the process , but who cares cuz #gunz, 
  it has never happened in germany , that 's why there 's no police response , in the past we did n't need to have police around to stop groups of 40 men from assaulting women in public places, 
  tbh , we have hooligan groups here too . 
  not our fault fc k\u00f6ln has been shit for years and fans are abandoning them now to be serious : yes , the fact that more people did n't intervene is really sad , esp . 
  considering that these attackers were n't armed with anything - not even pepper sprays , they were simply using hands, 
  1.1 million refugees are registered in germany in 2015, 
  they could post tweets or sth , however , they are supposed to be on vacation and in many countries , people are actually forced to take vacation for a number of days, 
  if they are fine with restrictioning people 's rights in name of safety , why not ask for non-citizens to stay inside after 8pm . 
  deal-deal . 
  if the us have it for teens , we can have it too, 
  yes , not in a public festival whose whole point is hugging random people that 's like saying , do n't have sex when you go to a brothel , you may get aids, 
  german men and women routinely get drunk and create unmanageable messes on special days . 
  that 's not up for debate . 
  however , never have i heard about 40-50 grouping together , going to a train station and groping any girl they see . 
  that does n't happen here , period . 
  try working with ee people all day for over a year i can understand where they are from by their e-mails in german and english , because people from certain countries tend to do the same mistakes over and over again, 
  you can go to prague ? 
  my bad , i found her response stupid, 
  oh yes , do n't you dare arrest our turks !, 
  where will we get our hair cut then ? 
  so we shoul keep the pressure on our country that did nthg against them ? 
  the reaction yes , the situation absolutely not, 
  go to the nearest turkish ghetto and tell them they 're german , you 'll get kicked out in five minutes, 
  you ca n't be serious and say this is the same thing as the bosnian refugees . 
  yes , both are muslims , but that 's where similarities end . 
  bosnians were a little inconvenience in the grand scheme of thing , this is pure madness . 
  the last four months have been crazy , we 're in a perpetual `` emergency '' situatiom, 
  actually i did n't ouch , wrong century , they 're independent now, 
  the next is four weeks from now, 
  from my experience , they were sorry about the recent paris attacks , however , the majority thought the charlie hebdo attacks were `` deserved '', 
  cologne , hamburg and stuttgart on nye look like raqqa . 
  the chaos is pretty normal and that 's why this mass-groping-thing did n't get an appropriate response, 
  they can take our freedom they wo n't take our beer !, 
  you can tell apart a pole and a russian speaking german in two minutes, 
  there are parts of neuk\u00f6lln that are generally unsafe ( you wo n't get killed , but there is no police and the communities are closely-knit thus possible investigations are very difficult ) . 
  until a week ago , you 'd call someone a lunatic for feeling threatened in k\u00f6ln 's main station at 3 am un a workday, 
  we have to cut them too , simple as that . 
  cut them and help austria with the border, 
  again , i fully agree with your comment . 
  i even quoted you at r/news, 
   blaming immigration solve nothing . 
  except , they are immigrants . 
  they are not natives . 
   they must play ball within the german framework willingly , and part of that is endorsing the german sense of ordnung , of what is acceptable and what is not . 
  asking men not to grope women is not some liberal progressive idea germany has come up with recently . 
  it 's a basic principle however , you made your point clear in a brilliant way . 
  you are absolutely correct . 
  have an upvote, 
  no , but checks when entering a stadium are enforced now . 
  you have to take off a jacket , get patted down , open your bag , etc. 
  threats for a terrorist attack , three days after the paris attacks, 
  you 're from k\u00f6ln ? 
  how are things going ? 
  the first news came out around 6am on twitter . 
  they picked the wrong century to keep things under wraps, 
  the freedom of cuddling violent people ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  let 's hope we will remember . 
  tomorrow i have to go cut my hair at my turkish barber so i 'll gather their opinions about this . 
  i will become a multiculturalism expert !, 
  english football fans being killed in germany ? 
  not any that i know of, 
  yes , but the revolution went on peacefully and their current government is ok , unlike libya . 
  ca n't we just bribe tunisia into accepting then back :(, 
  until a week ago , i 'd say she 's perfectly safe . 
  now , i do n't know anymore , especially if there wo n't be serious action by the police . 
  however , if she will move around during day hours , she will be perfectly fine - thousands and thousands of blonde women and girls take the trains everyday at all hours in berlin . 
  just tell her to stay away from unsafe zones - mostly around neuk\u00f6lln , but i am sure any berliner here will provide more detailed info as in what stations and neighborhoods to specifically avoid - for example , roads populated by the turks are quite safe despite showing up as `` muslim zones '' . 
  trains between major cities are safe and there are more checks than in regular public transport . 
  if she arrives in a bad hour , she can ask one of her friends to come and pick her over . 
  also remind your friend to keep her belongings safe , no flashy jewlery or lv bags - that is true even without a million immigrants around - and that she can ask for help if she feels unsafe . 
  it 's nye . 
  there were thousands of people in every street of munich , and we had been warned about a terrorist attack, 
  and correct me if i am wrong but is n't tunisia like a safe place with a relatively ok economy and no genocide threats ? 
  yes i understand and i am honestly sorry about it , i have turkish friends who get the same looks . 
  however , understand those around you too - the attack was terribly mindblowing and people feel like their communities and lives are attacked . 
  good luck to you and everyone who stays here lawfully and works for himself and our society, 
  yes , but you 're likable s\u00fcdlanders . 
  if a spaniard does a crime , his papers wo n't be filed in the `` s\u00fcdlander '' folder at the police station, 
  what is she supposed to do , say * she was wrong * ??? 
  no , we do n't kill football fans here and i should know that, 
  same impression . 
  i mean , for god 's sake , my boss came and started talking about it for half an hour . 
  talking about other stuff is basically forbidden here , she kept saying `` go back to work '' when we discussed the cancelled hannover match . 
  today she initiated the discussion . 
  that never happens . 
  it is a changing moment . 
  i hope you wo n't be attacked verbally or otherwise . 
  just be respectful to those around you and i think you 'll be ok , we do n't shoot people for being dark . 
  my doors still stay unlocked and i walk around on my own on crazy hours because of a night shift . 
  but yes , it is slightly unsafe, 
  we call them `` s\u00fcdlander '', 
  i think they are also a little more educated . 
  we have syrian and iranian families here who came years ago .
