  cdu wo n't govern with afd . 
  not now , not on a federal level , not on a state level , not never . 
  i meant for the next elections . 
  they ca n't just form a gov 10 months before elections . 
  she 's never quoted religion , but why should she give up on this one ? 
  it 's not like it `` s a big issue atm, 
  i also agree with them politically so . . we 're the perfect match . 
  not heartbroken anymore . 
  what ? 
  i trust faz , it 's the most reputable media nowadays, 
  faz says suspected islamist background . . and i trust faz, 
  thanks . 
  just reading faz now, 
  there 's been nothing by the police yet right ? 
  the vietnamese old lady who sell flowers , the greek guy who moved there because of his wife , or the french girl who 's doing an erasmus ? 
  find out at 8, 
  ... is anyone thinking what i 'm thinking ? 
  we 're not a socialist country , not compared to the world , not compared to the us . 
  it 's textbook social market economy . 
  france or scandinavian countries have better welfare than us . 
  they can discuss all they want ; atm , it 's mathematically impossible . 
   not in the least because she can speak russian . 
  more like because putin speaks good german . 
  merkel 's russian is pretty bad . 
   no refugee-related bad news came up . 
  i guess  brexit brought europe closer together that was in june , she was on 57 % after that , and then it dropped  ( no new `` merkel as hitler '' covers in v4/greece ) . 
  those covers helped her become more respected here . 
  remember the jokes in the 2013 electoral campaign ? 
   industry still going strong the economy in general has been pretty fantastic since late 2014 :d, 
  i 'm not curious about that , i live in the south , i know perfectly well that she 's still popular & i understand the reasoning for that . 
  i am just asking for an explanation about an increase in september . 
  that 's kinda weird , sept was a pretty bad month for cdu . 
  any fellows with any decent explanation ? 
  and why would poland agree to that ? 
   non-german eyes well that explains it . 
  the last time the big business went against merkel , it did n't work out that well and they ended up releasing press statements about how the government has their full backing to block their trade operations . 
  i would n't be this optimistic if i was you . 
  because i do n't feel like i share many values with her or vogel , which acc to your previous comment would mean i ceased to call them german . 
  you mentioned values as what defines one 's nationality . 
  i just asked . 
  personally , i think her , pierre vogel , merkel & the munich shooter are as german as i am . 
  is frauke petry german ? 
  til there are european countries that do n't do that . 
  trust me , so do we . 
   the people obviously would n't have to learn to speak german , or consider themself germans , or anything . 
  just legally become part of the country of germany for convenience while retaining their separate cultures , languages , and governments . 
  we 're not sluts . 
  for one thing , we have a lot of poles here . 
  the other thing , berliners protest for pretty much everything . 
  third thing , poland is not some lost country in central africa , it 's our baby next door , it 's normal to care, 
  i know the feeling . 
  i ended up getting my things at rewe , and i had 8 people waiting in front of me when i got to the line . 
  the fuck . 
  is it wrong to be ok with your nation reunifying , esp . 
  if part of it had to stay under a brutal regime ? 
  there are kiosks that sell coffee and legally operate as cafes that are allowed to be open , and in these days they often sell some kind of food too . 
  hope you can find sth, 
  please dont tell me you forgot to do your shopping on saturday, 
  well , a half-denier might end up being elected for president . . 
  or they engage in mob violence because they 're cunts, 
  i 'm genuinely not trying to relativize this but ... this sounds more like when drunk football fans get in a massive fight than a downright racist attack like those in heidenau . 
  let 's be honest , this mess it not on cryan and he 's doing a pretty decent job , all things considered, 
  you 're using marginal rates for millionaires , i am referring to taxes-to-gdp, 
  many people left turkey after the coup, 
  if they go down , we 'll have bigger problems than those savings . 
  so no . 
  wan na send the entire financial system down ? 
  we 'll manage to get out of it , others wo n't . 
  taxes have never been this high here . 
  honestly , that 's not up to merkel . 
  people heavily underestimate what db going down would mean, 
  we did that in 2009 though ... 
  i would n't worry if i was you . 
  my company 's transactions are all through db , my short-term stuff is there , and we 're not worrying . 
  so calm down . 
  yes , what germany needs is raised taxes . 
  * grabs his phone *, 
  db is not going down . 
  and if it does , we 'll all have bigger problems than losing * some * money . 
  so no , why should i be worried ? 
  i think db has seen even an increase of deposits in 2016 here from what i can remember from an article . 
  exactly . 
  70 is the lowest possible number . 
  they counted out everything they could , esp . 
  in the east . 
  where the fuck did you see the word italy mentioned in my comment ? 
  honestly , can that ill-feeling get any higher ? 
  spain , portugal , greece , etc got huge bail-outs already , why do you keep repeating the same wrong sentence ? 
  greece * was * bailed-out . . 
  with the money flowing back to the budget , if db gets back to its feet, 
  read the original report . 
  i agree , db should be broken up but italian banks have literally nothing to do with that fact . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're quoting politico . 
  sounds like you have to read up more about the problems of the respective banks , their importance and the proposed solutions in each case . 
  ... read up on both cases , it 's completely different . 
  renzi wants to directly aid the bank , and what would be done in our case would be aiding the bank after shareholders pay the price . 
  renzi wants to go against the rules his previous pm agreed to . 
  not really . 
  last time we bailed out banks , shareholders were hurt anyway , it 's just that the bank were saved from exploding . 
  exactly .
