   june 2017 : first cdu-folks see merkels `` weakness '' and start to attack her - maybe von-der-leyen . 
  you lost me there . 
   greece absolutely crashes that will happen next month if things continue like this , why wait for july 2017 ? 
  i second this . 
  foreign kids , no matter how bad your german is : just watch the whole damn interview . 
  it would perfectly legal for germany to refuse * every single asylum application made in it 's territory * . 
  the one exception would be for those who came in from a war-torn country , on a legal visa , with a plane . 
  we can not refuse their application . 
  we can absolutely refuse every single other application . 
  g8 riots are more easily-controllable though . 
  they have something to lose . 
  most of the time , protests at the greek-macedonian border were just a bunch of thugs . 
  actually , yes . 
  source : volunteered during september/early october because my friend needed any pair of hands he could get to help, 
  because not all women wearing a headscarf ( hint : it 's not a burka ) are mentally ill people ? 
  maybe they struggled to find a babysitter and ended up with her ? 
  maybe up until now she 's been a sweetheart and the baby and parents liked her ? 
  and i have met girls wearing islamic clothing who were perfectly normal , well-rounded , intelligent , hardworking ... for example , the accountant at my first job . 
  good enough for whatsapp , which is the only thing i could do during work anyway, 
  we have internet in germany ? 
  german wine and ... oh shit . 
  my parents and uncles still use gr\u00fcss gott . 
  it 's a mess . 
  k\u00f6ln is a mess too , but at least it 's nice . 
  berlin is just a mess . 
  i would be fine with living anywhere in the country , but i 'd throw a hissy fit if i had to move to berlin . 
  like 20 other european countries have an age of consent : 14 . 
  for the other 10 , it 's 15 and for some , it 's 16 . 
  wo wo , easy there . 
  we 're not fat . 
  when they 'll come for us ... 
  wait , who * will * come for us ? 
  everyone in the western world bar the us cares more about football than their economy . 
  you have madrid & barca in your league for god 's sake . 
  we have hoffenheim . 
  it 's the cheapest decent option for workwear . 
  source : girlfriend, 
  yes , if they leave . 
  what if millions keep coming ? 
  cons the level of political debate is * bleak * shitty internet compared to our neighbors pretty low wages compared to our gdp per capita , at least when you count in our taxes and ( esp . ), 
  social contributions incredibly ineffective bureaucracy people complain * a lot * ( yes , i know i am doing it too ), 
  thanks, 
  hi i 've visited the country ( less than two days ) and slept in tirana . 
  the good : food . 
  i ate both fish and chicken with , uhm , something that * resembled * porridge but was with bread crumbles , butter , etc. 
  both were amazing . 
  people were very helpful . 
  only in poland have i found that kind of hospitality . 
  during the lunch the waiter did n't speak english and a young boy got up and translated ; two guys saw me struggling to park ( will mention this later ) and both helped me park my car ( signaling and shouting , one from the front , the other checking the back ) . 
  the city was interesting . 
  it reminded me of istanbul - a little too chaotic , but nice and the kind of city that fills you with positivism . 
  a warm november afternoon , having beer in an open hall , there were a couple grandmas with little dogs drinking beer and young girls sipping cocktails and hipsters smoking what conspicuously did n't look like a normal cigarette . 
  the weather was really good that day . 
  it was november and not only did i have to keep the jacket at the hotel , i also took off my sweater . 
  it was below freezing in prishtina where i was two days before . 
  the police stopped me on the `` highway '' . 
  i was at 105 and the max speed in that segment was apparently 60 ( no fucking idea why , it was a nice road ) . 
  in broken english and german , they told me sth resembling `` have a food way '' and shook my hand . 
  ** extra ** : from what i 've heard , you are pretty tolerant when it comes to religion . 
  i did n't notice much when i was there , but hearing about mixed marriages being very common and people celebrating all holidays is good . 
  the bad the traffic was terrible . 
  like , super terrible . 
  i 've drven through italy and it 's not even close . 
  and it 's * italy * . 
  in two days , i 've seen at least a dozen bmws and porsches turning without any signals , a range rover ignored the red light in the main boulevard and the right & left lane were indistinguishable on the highway the parking was horrendous . 
  my hotel was located in a nice neighborhood with what seemed like a hundred cafes and restaurants . 
  i did n't find a parking place for almost half an hour . 
  finally a small mercedes left just in front of me . 
  it was a tiny place , i do n't think i 've ever parked in a smaller spot . 
  thank god for those guys or i would have to leave the car 20 minutes away from the hotel . 
  i used the `` big ship '' ( what 's the correct term in english ? ), 
  to go to bari . 
  the port was chaotic , a total mess . 
  i do n't know how i finally managed to embark on that ship without losing my self-control , mind , bags or car . 
  your country is * poor * . 
  to go to the port , you drive by the river and there were plenty of barracks like the ones i 've seen in photos from slovakia , and plenty of small houses with an unfinished second floor . 
  and corrupt as fuck - that 's what i 've heard from the newspapers here and from whoever i talked with there ( and btw , you guys are really * too keen * on talking ) as for what i 've heard ... 
  i 'd rather not talk . 
  personal experiences have been both good and bad . 
  a couple of well-known thieves in my hometown that have gone in and out of jail for the last decades and a couple from tirana i had to have lunch once for business - the mother was back at work after a month and she told me that 's the default option in her country . 
  but yes , your image is pretty bad and i do n't think it 's entirely unwarranted, 
  why should we ? 
  we have munich , stuttgart , hamburg , frankfurt , nrw . 
  what 's the benefit of forcing capital to move to berlin artificially ? 
  germany is doing just fine without a `` strong '' capital - maybe we did fine during the crisis exactly because we have a decentralized economy . 
  france got fucked by centralizing everything in paris . 
  i have a friend studying in london and obviously , he rents the cheapest place he could find together with a friend . 
  i visited his neighborhood ... shit , that was scary . 
  i do n't think i 'd be able to find something similar in germany or austria or denmark or netherlands or poland or whatever . 
  this was three years ago and my friend moved out after finishing his studies and finding a job . 
  a friend who works with refugees in munich said that at least there , there have been no arrivals on since monday . 
  dunno if there are official stats, 
  and we do n't have a national database everyone is using . 
  different states are implementing rules and procedures of their own, 
  that is the scary part . 
  shit happens , men harass women . 
  but 30 men gathering via social media to stalk and possibly attack teen girls ... like , what ?!!!!, 
  ouch . 
  did n't notice that . 
  i give up .
