  and if we take your numbers as correct , why do we have one of the highest ( if not the highest ) inflation rate in the ez ? 
  i simply ca n't understand the logic behind the numbers . 
  ( total ez gdp - german gdp ) * ( southern inflation in another parallel reality - german inflation ) = subsidies to germany bcz why not . 
   considering that germany and austria are the only net exporting euro denominated countries in europe , practically all of that goes to germany . 
  wait , what ? 
  most of ez countries are net exporters - netherlands , italy , slovenia , slovakia , finland from the top of my head . 
  pro-tip : get it in romania, 
  but if you never call anyone anyway , then you just need data to be able to call people on whatsapp right ? 
  i think we have the most expensive data plans in the eu . 
   7 gb , 400 minutes and 400 texts at 6 $ per month thanks for making me feel bad . 
  my god , my country is still in the 20th century . 
  so , this time it 's finland subsidizing germany . 
  just do n't let anyone tell trump or he 's gon na start tweeting about telecom manipulators, 
  you mean a d\u00f6nerbox with meat , fries & so much grease you get sick , or a normal bag of fries ? 
   the people that would consider giving their vote to merkel arent impressed by far right wannabes that just randomly bash her refugee policies . 
  and those who are still deciding between afd & cdu are not exactly hanging around twitter and regularly checking english tweets about their chancellor . 
  we have the lowest facebook usage rate in the developed + developing world . 
  countries with lower rates are those where many do n't have access to internet . 
  and yes , facebook is not a very `` intellectual '' thing here . 
  young people usually have an account , but never post stuff other than getting married or some trip to another continent . 
  and yes , the average iq goes down when you go on facebook source : deactivated my account nearly two years ago, 
  the problem is , how ? 
  we already have a minimum wage which is very high & recently increased . 
  consumption is going up like crazy due to income increases , but it 's just not enough . 
  investment in education might help , but at the end of the day , people have to start spending more , and that 's hard to achieve in a country as old as ours . 
  the state does n't decide wages . 
  they can cut taxes , but then they 'd have to decrease social spending & investment, 
  we 're proud of you \u2764 \u2764 \u2764, 
  ahem , what ? 
  i live in bavaria , you can definitely find good d\u00f6ners for 3 euros if you know the places & want the simplest one , altho most decent ones start at 4 euro . 
  and tank the entire continent ? 
  yes , that will work out quite well . 
  navarro mentioned the weakening of the currency , not the `` subsidy '' ( which is somewhat valid , albeit not currency manipulation ), 
  for 3-4 euro tho , it beats everything else on the combo of price , convenience & taste, 
   frankfurt i got here often . . which one in frankfurt ? 
  there 's an ok place in bockenheim ( sth with `` sauce '' in the name ) but mostly cocktails & appetizers , not full meals . 
   out with kebab buddy , let 's not get carried away, 
  slightly off-topic , but could someone update me on what 's going on in our trade talks with india ? 
  wikipedia has only outdated information, 
  increased risk of terrorism ? 
  and frankfurt is weird . . there are so many places that would be very easy to hit . 
  the main `` shopping road '' in the center of the city is so full during the day that one person with a simple gun would be a bloodbath . 
  he 's not guilty since he 's not proven to be guilty , but he * chose * to cover up that idiot . 
  and please remember that koch was worse when it came to immigrants . 
  the reason why we bounced off was not the eu , was domestic policies enacted by our government . 
  tbh , i think facebook has more to do with it . 
  twitter is really good to keep up with news in germany , and i see it used politically more than facebook . 
  how many people were killed in that train accident in feb 2016 that was so perfectly preventable that it makes you hit your head against the wall ? 
  and it was a quiet day - in a normal day when children are not on holiday it could be on triple digits . 
  let 's fix perfectly fixable things . 
  thank you . 
  who cares ? 
  she 'll be elected by germans , not english-speakers . 
   they make me look like a foreigner . 
  ( i never clean my car ) . 
  when i lived in munich , being told by a neighbor from nigeria i should clean the stairs sometimes instead of her doing it every week was certainly the lowest point of my german-ness . 
  i 'm not saying we 're heroes , i am just saying we do n't want a weak currency & that 's why this guy is lying . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/dec/15/neo-nazi-murders-revealing-germanys-darkest-secrets in english because i posted it elsewhere recently so i found it easily . 
  will google the guy 's name & post the full story when i get home . 
  all international media, 
  yes , i 'm sure they actually want people die , they 're just preventing attacks because they do n't want to lose votes . 
  get a fucking grip , the political leadership of hessen is not a glorious temple of multiculturalism . 
  the former pm won on an openly anti-immigrant platform , and the current pm covered for that neo-nazi intel agent who was present during one of the nsu murders . 
  wait , wait . 
  the prosecutor said they were thinking about a terror attack & had not picked a target . 
  that 's different than `` they had stocked weapons & ammunition and were about to shoot everyone at konstablerwache next week '' which is how it 's being reported , and it 's a very important difference as it shows the intel services of hessen got the info early . 
  there 's sth incredibly funny about reading those comments immediately after checking the number of applicants for any position in my company . 
  guys , if you 're unemployed , willing to work and the the government is hiding you from the official statistics , could you * please * apply ? 
  mein gott , they 've been staying on r/europe too much we do n't want a weak currency . 
  our finance minister is in an open war with the ecb over the qe & low rates that have weakened the currency . 
  if it helps our exports at the end of the day , fine , but we have a government fighting tooth & nails over it . 
  but no eu country is going baby-crazy . 
  none . 
  a north-korean dictatorship does that to yuou, 
  i 'm not against subsidies on principle , since you know , i 'm pro-eu and all that . 
  i think eurobonds will ultimately lead to issues in southern countries - the same issues that brought the crisis . 
  it will lead to irresponsible spending , and we can not go that way again . 
  countries have to fix their own issues before we get into such adventures . 
  we already have enough bad experiences with ill-prepared adventures . 
  thing is , everyone here says that for a currency union to function you need massive cash transfers . 
  but for those massive cash transfers to function , you need oversight , otherwise you end up with a berlin-like mess , albeit in orders of magnitude bigger , because a. berlin & bayern differ less than bayern & greece , in both economic development & culture ; b. berlin has 3 million people , or 4 % of total ; southern europe has around 130 million or 38 % of total now , how do we get this kind of oversight ? 
  we ca n't exactly export sch\u00e4uble to greece , because they 'll say no in the eu , structures are not strong enough to do the oversight , unfortunately . 
  and allowing hundreds of billions of taxpayer money to be managed by a juncker that openly insulted us & our economic model would n't lead to just resentment in germany ; it would lead to tens of millions of people in germany , austria , netherlands , and baltics pushing for their countries to leave the ez . 
  it would be a wave of euroskepticism incomparable to anything we 've ever seen . 
  it would break the union in a way that nothing else has the power to . 
  people love to forget that afd started as an anti-bail-out party . 
  people love to forget how euroskepticism went up in netherlands . 
  people love to forget that it was slovakia , and lithuania , and a bunch of eastern countries that were throwing all kinds of insults openly to tsipras . 
  and people love to forget that poland , and czech republic , and baltic countries built themselves up from a situation worse than that of spain & greece . 
  and they 'll want more eu transfers for it to be `` fair '' , and they 're in the right to do so . 
  keep quiet , there are plenty of her fans here at r/europe . 
  i do n't think eurobonds are a good idea , and any candidate that will push for eurobonds has no chance whatsoever to win these elections , or the ones after these , or the ones after those . 
  a party saying they 're gon na be fine & then go full nuts & has hundreds of thousands of protesters on the streets for days in -10 degrees is one thing a guy saying he 's full nuts & then win elections is another thing . 
   edit : -10 degrees outside , 00:30 , and there are 10k people outside in bucharest only , i wish i was with you in bucharest brothers , start the fight . 
  if anyone who 's been protesting sees this : great job , i hope you get this shit sorted out !, 
  we 're proud of you !, 
  * internet hugs *, 
  poland < 3 edit : wait , it 's a different map . 
  could someone please tl ; dr me on this ? 
  i thought romania was getting cleaner & had already posted many `` stronk ! '',
