  honestly . 
   to get to your first comment : are you sure it 's just national regulations that hold back all-encompassing startups ? 
  how about the fact that we speak different languages ? 
  eu ca n't be a common market like the us because languages are different ( good luck apple with that ) , consumer culture is different ( i think you 've seen the huge debates about saving rates right ? 
  ) , the economic structure is different ( and that 's why a common currency is a little weird idea ) , tech culture is different ( and i can be ashamed of ours ) . 
  sure , if you see it only from the `` startups ! '', 
  point of view , then eu turning into a federal institution with strong powers and laws is a great idea right ? 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with this . 
  however , * many * people ( me included , and i am pro-eu ) have a problem with `` strong '' eu institutions in general . 
  why ? 
  because they 've been proven incompetent time after time . 
  and they will continue to be so . 
  yeah , there idiots in my government too , but i 'd rather trust them than the absolute buffoons in brussels . 
  because it dooms national sovereignty . 
  now , in germany , that 's usually a `` bundesbank would keep rates reasonable '' debate , but in many other countries , the idea of this international , liberal structure from brussels bossing their elected government is a real nightmare . 
  eu is not a bundle of separate markets because brussels decided so . 
  eu is a collection of countries : therefore , it will remain a collection of separate markets . 
  different countries are closer to each-other ( of course , spain + portugal are more of a single market than ireland + slovakia ) . 
  however , the eu market can not be a single entity like the american market . 
  and the cause of that does n't lie in brussels , but in the last , what , 3-4 centuries ? 
  or as my colleague likes to stay , if there was a silicon valley in europe , there would be so many fights over where it should be located that it eventually will split up , again . 
  now , for your second comment . 
  no , in no way did i say business regulations in germany are better than in france . 
  i did n't say france should try to emulate germany . 
  france is centralized because of historical factors . 
  germany is decentralized because of historical factors . 
  it 's not a matter of choices and 21st century decisions . 
  now it 's 3:30 and i am at work tomorrow at 10am , so i do n't have the nerves to engage in a long macroeconomic debate in my third language , however , yes , i do thing that one of the things that make our economy strong is its decentralization . 
  by having businesses scattered from frankfurt to munich to hamburg to whatever else , it provides conditions for specialization and stabilization . 
  on the other hand , france is built around paris and like 1/3 of their gdp comes from there and whatnot , and that makes the country very dependent on one city - but it also means that crisis spread more quickly . 
  it 's not just berlin vs hamburg though , it 's also city vs rural area , and a higher % of german businesses ( compared to the french ) are in small towns and in middle of nowhere . 
  and that 's just geographically - the french economy is built around several big companies , while in germany mittelstands have a much bigger role and serve as a buffer for economic disruptions . 
  with all due respect , democracy and a robust economy are more important than silicon valley . 
  centralizing everything wo n't work - there 's a reason why germany got through the crisis easier than france & uk . 
  we have a billion problems at the moment , and with all due respect , legalizing cannabis is a secondary , insignificant matter . 
  i do n't really care & i have heavy-user friends who do n't care either for a `` momentum '', 
  people know what they spend their money on . 
  no , it 's actually good, 
  cool grandpas gon na do cool shit, 
  aaaand your films are actually brilliant & funny & still have a little class . 
   nothing is concentrated , everything is split up . 
  easy , easy . 
  decentralization is not bad . 
  decentralization is good . 
  we should know . 
  thank god . 
  my twitter does n't say any number , has anyone heard anything ? 
  nice . 
  this is good news . 
  i think there are privacy rules preventing that no ? 
  in stadiums ? 
  yes , the police does n't bother you much there . 
  other places ? 
  yeah . 
  i know i did a mistake when dui . 
  i am just saying that weed + driving does n't combine well . 
   any germans wan na fill us in on what 's happening with marijuana laws in germany right now ? 
  nothing has been happening with marijuana laws . 
  most of people i know never really bother much about it - if you want to smoke one in a `` safe '' environment you can do that and no one will bother you . 
  we ( me and my friends ) do n't have a strong opinions in this issue because * who cares * . 
   is this even part of the public conversation right now ? 
  any big movements towards full legalization ? 
  there is an ongoing public debate , but nothing noteworthy . 
  the general counterargument is that cannabis is the starter drug and often leads to trying out more dangerous drugs . 
   how do people feel about marijuana in your country in general ? 
  is it accepted ? 
  frowned upon ? 
  most people i know do n't really care what you 're smoking . 
  in a country where smoking a normal cigarette is not socially stigmatized like in most of the western world , smoking a joint is usually accepted too . 
  for example , there is no problem whatsoever to do it in a stadium during a match - not even here in bavaria , where the police is usually stricter about these rules ( or anything really ) . 
  i 've smoked it in stadiums , parks , clubs . 
  i can easily find it at any time . 
   any parallels to the us ? 
  acc to a friend who has worked here and there , use is more prevalent in the us . 
  i guess accessibility to alcohol from a young age is the main factor for that . 
  it also feels like it 's a bigger debate in the us - but then , everything is bigger up there . 
  of course , you also go to jail in some american states for it . 
   or have you guys been too distracted with all those other issues like the eurocrisis , immigration crisis , syria , russia , everything else in europe right now to even bother with it ? 
  correct . 
  there are a billion things we have to work on ( if you want to stay in these social topics , gay marriage is one of them ) , but i guess we ca n't find the time . 
  the past 6 years have been pretty hectic . 
  interesting stuff : municipalities of berlin , k\u00f6ln , frankfurt & bremen have tried in the past to set up `` coffee-shops '' but usually were not allowed to do so for obvious reasons . 
  smoking while driving - that makes sense . 
  with all due respect , it 's not a good idea to drive when you 're high , and i say this as someone with an instance of drunk driving . 
  nope , the drunks who stayed in * czechia * . 
  good old bavaria ? 
  but what if people abandon beer and switch to weed ? 
  what would we do then ????? 
  czechs would make fun of us, 
  that 's their problem , not the french government 's problem . 
  having an annual result of -4,5 billion means you 're losing . 
  their expenses are 4,5 billion higher than their revenues . 
  1/4 of the city are students , you 'll definitely find stuff to do, 
  no , i 've never had to wear any uniform and none of siblings either . 
  plus , the guy is a student - as in , uni student . 
  i am sure there is no uni in my whole country that requires uniforms . 
  it 's not crazy , it 's comparable to our 2015 numbers . 
  why do you have an uniform ? 
  why german homework ? 
  in the 3rd pic , your hometown looks niiice other than that : thanks for doing this , it 's fun to see how people in different countries live .
