  holocaust does n't suddenly become ok just because decades later the state of israel started building settlements . 
  it 's pretty straightforward . 
  it 's either genocide or it 's not . 
  and let 's be honest , if al-qaeda had taken bosnia seriously , they would n't have to go through this . 
  well , you guys would n't have intervened in kosovo if there was no srebrenica . 
  once you do genocide once , people expect you to do it again trust me , i should know . 
  but no one is saying mladic is a sweetheart and no one in the whole world expected mladic to be the good guy . 
  he was a butcher and did what butchers do and ordered the mass rapes and ethnic cleansing campaigns we all know about . 
  but the `` good guys '' did n't do good guy stuff . 
   ( as they proved with the surrender of serbia later on when it attacked montenegro and serbia became that devastated by the allied bombing that they had no choice but to surrender ) you mean kosovo . 
  montenegro unilaterally declared independence and was allowed to secede without war . 
   i thank my lucky stars that croatia at least was ignored and left to `` handle it '' on our own . 
  you handled it on your own because your immigrants in germany financed the war , and you had our full political support bosniaks had to handle their own and were left massacred . 
  but was n't it also the case that the local population was forced to de-arm and thus was unable to defend itself ? 
  that 's pretty stupid , we 're not a country . 
   germany has extremely comprehensive labour law which goes a long way towards mitigating the negatives of the system we live under . 
  in the uk - with the exception of london - jobs are at a premium . 
  unemployment in germany is low not because of high regulation , but because of regulation being crushed in the early ' 00 . 
  you picked the wrong example . 
   these contracts can be renewed more or less indefinitely they can only be renewed twice . 
   hire workers in phony self-employment . 
  also limited to a certain number of years you can do that . 
  it 's a problem now coming up because of so many german courses for refugees . 
  merkel 's a christian . 
  wtf are you on . 
  but nordics do better at `` standard of living , composition of an economy , demographics , or crime '' than the rest of the world . 
   maybe if your neighbours had a strong tradition of democracy and rule of law , like switzerland , it had n't come to war in the first place ? 
  spoiler : some of the neighbors of czech republic , neighbors with a strong tradition of democracy and rule of law , decided to invade them one beautiful day . 
  q being , why the hell would she do that . 
  personally rooting for spahn , but you never know . 
  let 's see . 
   it 's not even really fancy . 
  i think a main meal is between 35 $ and 45 $ . 
  that 's not fancy-fancy . 
  that 's sth i indulge in when i get a pay rise . 
  i thought the guy went to like the fanciest , most expensive restaurant in the whole paris , and even in that case i would n't mind . 
  he was an ib and a minister , he has the money to take out his wife for one luxury meal to celebrate this great success , for one single night , before going back to campaigning for 24 hours a day . 
  she 's not gon na run for a fifth term . 
  she has stayed calm and collected during the whole thing , but i 'm sure she 's burning to yell a classy `` fuck you '' to seehofer . 
   is it possible that she would ever go into a coalition without them , and has that ever happened before ? 
  no , she wo n't do that , that 's the humiliation , she 'll make csu vote stay in the government that legalizes gay marriage . 
  and no , cdu has never kicked csu out of a government . 
  more votes means more influence , of course . 
  in 2013 , cdu had 41,5 % of votes and were close to a single-party government . 
  they could put `` and bavaria will remain the most glorious state in germany '' in the program and spd would n't be able to say no . 
  as for gay marriage : i think it 'd be part of coalition negotiations ( either with the greens/fdp or spd ) . 
  yes , merkel will say yes . 
  it buys her more leverage for issues she actually cares about , it makes both her and the spd look good , and it makes seehofer look like a duck . 
  merkel is n't punitive , but she got no dementia . 
  seehofer caused her a lot of stress during the last two years , and what 's a sexier way to shut him up than going for gay marriage ? 
  and she 'll probably declare that in some meeting with students in some tiny town in bavaria . 
  you 're accusing german car companies of not investing in r&d ? 
  are . 
  you . 
  kidding . 
  past results , since , you know , these are just polls . 
   i litterally finished school last year and homosexuality was not mentioned once in biology . 
  that depends on the state . 
  i definitely did n't hear the word homosexual mentioned during school , but city-states have more `` comprehensive '' ( or whatever you wan na call it ) modules . 
  . . this election is n't about gay marriage . 
  personally , i think it 'll get legalised next legislature , but you ca n't build a coalition on that . 
  some of us build our political views in what we see in our everyday life , based on our interactions with other immigrants and refugees and our friends ' interactions with them , instead of , ya know , reading on breitbart about the new civil war exploding here and crime rampages and all that shit . 
  you ca n't compare merkel 's one single speech in m\u00fcnster to schulz travelling the whole country for three months straight . 
  because celebrating winning the first round a year after forming your party/movement/whatever is sooooo shallow . 
  how dare he . 
  he should have gotten two d\u00f6nerboxes and ate them on the streets like a true bro . 
  merkel being a beast is not even debatable . 
  of-fucking-course she 's a beast . 
  you do n't get to become the world 's most powerful woman by doing nosejobs and selling handbags . 
  she 's a beast , she 's fucking brilliant at her job , and getting on top of a party full of patriarchal , misogynist , corrupted men without getting involved in a single scandal is really admirable . 
  say all you want about merkel , and she 's not perfect , but i 'd be very happy if my daughter grew to have her tenacity , work ethic , brains and ambition . 
  i would n't be happy if my daughter grew to be just an instagram hottie , but then , i would n't want to date my daughter , unlike potus . 
  cunts ? 
  `` what do you do ? '', 
  is a question you should be able to answer 100 days after you start a job . 
  `` tremendous journey '' does n't count . 
  we now how bad shit can get when you go that way . 
  plus , unlike le pen , afd are not populists when it comes to the economy . 
  they literally think that kids are being indoctrinated to become gay in schools . 
  2013 would like a word . 
  insa usually has cdu ~ 3pp lower than the other polls and campaigning has started on schulz ' side . 
  jews should have left in 1920 , no one wanted them in europe anyway . 
  in france . 
  youngsters in the us voted for hillary ; young brits voted to stay , first-time german voters will vote for someone who 's been chancellor for 12 years . 
  the comment was meant for germany . 
  i used a cdu slogan . 
  what about rwanda or srebrenica or what 's done to muslims in burma now ? 
  that happened after we decided that genocide ai n't cool . 
  i am sorry , the `` alt-right '', 
  maybe people just want to blame their problems , economic or otherwise , on others ? 
  some blame the eu , globalism , corporates , the governments , god , the weather ; some blame immigrants . 
  but when you want to blame others for your problems instead of saying `` whoever has the fault , let 's solve our problems together '' , you 'd still go for le pen instead of macron . 
  rightwingers switching from a conservative candidate to a conservative xenophobic candidate is n't that surprising either . 
  cruz voters voted for trump in bigger numbers that bernie voters . 
  the proportion of immigrants is not the significant tho . 
  especially in germany , around 70 % of immigrants in berlin do n't have citizenship and thus ca n't vote . 
  `` center and measure '' we 're not stupid . 
  oh yes , those fucking jews , how did they dare go to poland when the the rest of europe started targeting them some centuries before the holocaust . 
   he is an outsider as he has no party , he had one until exactly a year ago  seemingly no old dogmatic beliefs among traditional party lines thank god . 
  people would n't have voted for the old nazis if other parties were also antisemitic .
