  unless she got sch\u00e4uble to outright lie in his ministry 's reports , i do n't see your point . 
  wages were negotiated between unions and employers , as it usually happens in our free market . 
   it 's mostly symbolic and it was passed with the notion it was going to be nullified pro-tip : doing symbolic shit is n't funny . 
  it 's pointless . 
   your comments are n't helping well , thank god i 'm not the government representative here , even if some die linke voters accused me of being so . 
  in the sub-title , nonetheless, 
  the president shoul n't incite violence , regardless of his or her political views he or she should n't throw vitriol to an already exploding issue as trump would say , that 's unpresidented . 
  of course , not even for debate . 
  we should meet after a few months , just not a week after they passed that horror law that their own president opposes . 
  beause that worked so well in the balkans . 
  we should try it again . 
  our most trusted middle eastern ally can only remain our most trusted ally if they stop behaving like the rest of the middle east and afd hate israel . 
  well , that 's what you get for not reading our government reports . 
  settlements are certainly not helpful . 
  prolonged conflict in the me is not `` internal matter '' , it 's sth that affects us we 've been involved in all that mess before , simply because we were the only country that both israel & the arabs trusted . 
   but no , we need less entertaining and interesting posts , instead of it we need more threads about crimea , putin , trump , brexit and so on where everyone repeats things they have already said 1000000 times and discuss things they have already discussed 100000 times without coming to any conclusion . 
  do n't forget daily polls from germany . 
  i had n't even heard about the last forsa poll , it was nowhere on my twitter . 
  i learned about it from r/europe, 
  dude , i am a csu voter but you 're implying our president will take revenge on our chancellor because she did n't run head over heels to make him president ( nevermind that she wanted lammert , her party 's guy there ) , and that he 'll use the powers given by the institution to mess with one of the most important processed of post-reunification , in order to weaken merkel 's position and thus our bargaining power . 
   in germany . 
  which is literally all that matters for the german elections in september . 
   it 's just voter fatigue on the germans part . 
  i would n't say so . 
  sz had a masterpiece on this very topic , and what they pointed out was how high merkel 's approval rate was in december immediately after the terror attack and in the first three weeks of january  people also look for a comfort blanket when they get scared you 'd think people would go for a proven leader when they 're scared  schulz might make people feel good , particularly the middle class left wing uni students who dominate reddit this has literally nothing to do with redditors . 
  schulz is gaining votes from the non-voters : from those that did n't go to the poll stations in 2013 . 
  1/5 of those who today say they 'll vote spd stayed at home in 2013 . 
   ( same reason r/uk was in love with corbyn ) poor people . 
   merkel is the only european leader who concerns me . 
  you should n't . 
  she might be smart , but she 's never been vindictive . 
  she 'll try to reach the best deal for germany & the eu , and that will be in your favor . 
  schulz might go full nuts & decide to push for a more punitive attitude . 
   the government is n't seen dealing with an expansive israel immediately before an election meh . 
  the foreign ministry is spd , the chancellery is cdu , it 's not like it would blamed on one but not the other , and the vast majority of germans probably do n't know wtf is going on down there i 'd say meeting with them right now would be considered as legitimising those stupid acts . 
  let 's leave this for later , shall we ? 
   schulz is pretty much everything that everyone currently hates about the eu which should explain why he currently has higher popularity than merkel  also merkel is a once in a generation politician . 
  out of all the polticians in europe no one can command and unite the continent like merkel can . 
  true . 
   on the other hand boris and may are leagues above the fat beardy man . 
  boris is a joke . 
  may is a duck , but she 's hardworking . 
  i 'd rather have schulz than any of them , and i am a csu voter  sham marriage i mean , falling in love with your latin teacher , 24 years your senior , is not sth most 17 year olds do as a part of some strategic plan  as per usual reddit has chosen its heroes poorly and sets itself up for disappointment . 
  i agree , the schulz-hype will go down and it 'll be fun . 
  but do n't overestimate the guy . 
  you do n't threaten merkel if you 're stupid & out of touch . 
  well let 's hope he keeps that promise shall we ? 
  like i said , i expect him to . 
   write a strongly worded letter ? 
  i think the point of / u/marktplatz was `` cancelling the meeting '' . 
  and israel kinda cares , so . . why not ? 
  i am personally both hoping , and expecting that steinmeier understands the importance of his role and keeps his cute little nose outside of everyday political skirmishes . 
   gabriel is far more critical about irrelevant . 
  having the single most powerful politician in the continent in the last decade there & shifting the responsibility for brexit talks to sigmar would be stupid  neoliberal policies as cause of economic problems , which merkel does n't dare talk about even though everybody knows it 's true . 
  the economic platform of the cdu is `` we need free trade so that we can export a shitload of stuff ; and we should see where we can lower taxes ''  both are also more open to mending relations with russia which makes poland/baltics more skeptic , thus lowering their leverage, 
  winter ? 
  what winter ? 
  the sun 's out today !, 
  edit : comments from a quick read \u2022 higher-than-usual uncertainty ; it mentions the new trump policies + elections in de/nl/fr + brexit + rising debt in china \u2022 boost in exports \u2022 unemployment will fall to 8,1 % in 2017 ( all eu ) \u2022 inflation is picking up , expected to go to 1,7 % next year , which is . . quite high , bordering on worrying if there are significant differences between countries \u2022 all countries expected to grow in 2016/7/8 \u2022 investment is lagging , as we already know from the german section \u2022 threat of trade barriers might fuck us up \u2022 in 2016 , big increase of public consumption + investment \u2022 private investment driven by construction ( understandable : parts of this country have turned in one giant baustelle ) due to demand and supply factors \u2022 labor market closing on full employment , which will led to higher wages \u2022 trade surplus will gradually start to fall \u2022 1,9 % inflation in 2017 ( q mark : is 2017 where the new rule for cold progression comes in place ? 
  or do we already get that back for 2016 taxes we paid ? ), 
  \u2022 debt-to-gdp 63 % in 2018 , lower than our government 's estimate of 65 % . 
  \u2022 unemployment at 4,1 % ( eurostat numbers , not ours ), 
   a. sure but you have other means of pushing wages up other than cutting taxes ? 
   yeah sure germany is a superstate of engineers and they only do cars and heavy machiner ( all of them are phd engineers ) . 
  wake up dude http://www.worldstopexports.com/germanys-top-10-exports/ please explain in which of those 10 categories we compete with greece . 
  with like , india or other countries ? 
  they agreed to not do that when they entered the eu . 
  so it makes them look like lying ducks . 
  which . . yeah . 
  why would india do that ? 
  maybe they 'd rather have access to the 450 million people market than the small great britain c . they do n't have the staff do to trade deals at the moment , as has been widely reported . 
  they 'll hire lawyers from eastern europe to negotiate with the eu ( oh , the irony ) d. does n't change much . 
  great britain is not some huge manufacturer that needs people to sell its clothes too . 
  the biggest issue in negotiations with the eu will be passporting rights for banks , and india ca n't help with that e . if they tried that , they 'd get precisely 0 goodwill from the eu . 
  and when their laws , economy , people are so intervined with those of the eu , * that might not be such a good idea *, 
  what deals ? 
   what the danish economists and politicians claim is that this is purely a temporary cyclic thing . 
  within a decade or two they expect the surplus to shrink as the workforce grows old and pension savings are spent . 
  we 've had a surplus for our entire modern history , bar some years after reunification when everything went to shit anyway . 
   then germany should enforce higher wages for german workers and hit the agreed upon inflation goal . 
  our wages are n't set by the government , thank god b. 
  we already have one of the highest minimum wage in the world c. inflation in germany is pretty high for our standards , and i think the highest in the ez d . we do n't compete with greece as they do n't exactly export cars & heavy machinery . 
  it would only make us less competitive compared to japan , but it wo n't help the ez in any way , unless you want to increase the price of our olive oil . 
   having a shared currency only works when everybody adjusts their unit labour costs to their productivity agenda 2010 says anything ? 
   if germany keeps staying beneath the agreed upon inflation target . . we have the highest inflation in the ez dude . 
  will emmanuel macron and martin schulz win power in france and germany this year ? 
  and what would their victories mean for the forthcoming uk talks on brexit ? 
  there are still some months to go before elections in the two countries and any forecast is hazardous . 
  but both men are currently performing strongly in their respective electoral contests , leaving british officials wondering what victory for one -- or both -- might mean for the course of the brexit negotiations with the eu . 
  in france , mr macron , a former economy minister in fran\u00e7ois hollande 's socialist government , is standing as an independent . 
  opinion polls currently show him reaching the second round of the presidential contest , beating off the centre-right 's fran\u00e7ois fillon . 
  polls also show that he would comfortably defeat marine le pen of the front national in the second round . 
  in germany , mr schulz , leader of the social democrat party , is also making waves . 
  after labouring for months on about 20 per cent of the vote , the spd 's ratings have soared to 30-31 per cent since mr schulz replaced the unpopular sigmar gabriel at the party 's helm . 
  a survey for bild newspaper last week put the spd , currently angela merkel 's junior coalition partner , ahead of her conservative bloc for the first time in a decade . 
  if these men win power , it is impossible to be certain how they would approach brexit . 
  but several commentators take the view that a victory for either would complicate theresa may 's plans . 
  in an analysis of mr macron for the infacts blog , paul taylor says the 39-year-old former investment banker is bad news for mrs may : `` he takes a hard line on brexit and has explicitly opposed a bespoke deal for the uk . '' mr taylor notes that mr macron declared on a visit to london in september that after brexit , uk-based financial services firms should no longer be able to sell their services freely across the eu as they are able to currently . 
  in october , mr macron told bloomberg news that the uk could not expect any special privileges once it leaves the bloc . 
  denis macshane , the former labour mp , takes a similar view of the german spd leader .
