  i was in munich last year when the police was saying `` go home , there 's a terror plot '' literally no one gave a fuck . 
  happy new year to everyone !, 
  i hope the next year finds us with some kind of progress in greece , a semi-effective government in italy , a merkel government in germany , a fillon or macron in france , a decent government in netherlands , and a grownup uk . 
  i hope 2017 brings more common sense to my country , more money to southern europe , more democracy in eastern europe , more sun to northern europe . 
  may 2017 bring more security to our cities & more optimism to our countryside . 
  more education spending , more cooperation , more accountability , more inter-eu marriages , more erasmus babies . 
  may it bring a more unified europe . 
  2017 ca n't be worse than 2016 right ? 
  now leaving home to go to the city center . 
  second nye in a row i wish you a good year here  have fun tonight folks & watch your alcohol . 
  all saw an improvement bar insa who has been wrong since dinosaurs were still around . 
  and if we have a red-red-green government , it 'll be because people are more pro-immigration than polls predict , not less . 
   the arrogance of asking in german while being in the netherlands ahem, 
  exactly i know the berlin police is totally incompetent and hopelessly incapable of dealing with crime . 
  but accusing them of beating up someone in custody is way too much , and i do n't believe a word of navid/guardian about it . 
  i 'd understand our ( bavarian ) police getting too carried away during a football riot or sth , but what the article says is just way too unbelievable . 
  shit , even if they did n't fee him , it was probably because they did n't have time or sthm, 
   but ~ ~ eu ~ ~ germany is far too diverse to manage the curriculum in a centralised manner . 
  i 'd go nuts if some idiots in berlin would decide my kids ' curriculum, 
  if you offer funds w/o any kind of supervision , you end up w / greece . 
  let 's solve mass corruption first shall we ? 
  and why the heck are people so keen on centralizing education management is beyond me . 
  schengen and the single market are definitely not the same thing my dear . 
  the refugee crisis has sth to do with qualified labor shortages because ... 
   german companies can not force the greek government to improve its business environment our government tried to force them to improve their business environment were called naziiiiiis !!!! 1 ! 1 !!!!, 
  insa always shows a super-low cdu , it 's not even funny at this point, 
   we need someone ambitious and dynamic to lead germany and europe and not milquetoast center politician . 
  we do n't fucking care what you need , i only care about what my country needs . 
  and * we * need a `` milquetoast center politician '' . 
  if you want your trump , elect your trump , but do n't force me to do it for you . 
  so merkel should sleep peacefully ? 
  it would work . 
  good luck getting past his belly . 
  crimea refugee crisis terrorism that shit would age a baby oh and makeup . 
  mostly makeup . 
  we had less murders in 2014 than in 2013 , then less murders in 2015 then in 2014 , then less murders in the first half of 2016 compared to the first half of 2015 , despite having 10 people killed in the worst shooting of the last decade in the first half of 2016 you 're definitely helping his point . 
  exactly , why the fuck people are so keen on facial recognition cameras on public trains is beyond me . 
  of course merkel would talk to le pen, 
  you can buy a train ticket in like 2 min in any station in berlin, 
  ... what ? 
  i took trains the days after the attack , plenty of arab-looking people around . 
  that guy will fuck tonight, 
  if he jumped out of berlin before his name got out it 's better than if someone drove him to france, 
  if he had his id he would show it to the police peacefully & let himself be arrested for a terror attack ? 
  what a law-abiding sweetheart . 
  but from those how many are albanians ? 
  over half ? 
  he was there for four years , he probably has friends in italy that can hide him, 
  thank god 2 . 
  catching him alive would be better for the investigation , but no judgement italian police . 
  thank you . 
  a lot . 
  interesting to see he did n't try to hide in germany , but went to that stupid mosque afterwards & then off to italy . 
  very interesting 4 . 
  how the fuck did he get to italy ? 
  sorry if it 's been reported , just came out of a meeting and am with telekom mobile data in a rural area, 
  religious education . 
  the guy did n't get the reference, 
  because tunisia is a country too you see . 
  i was referring to my town, 
  some senior guy from the police yesterday said `` i wo n't say do n't go , but personally i wo n't go and my family wo n't '' . 
  so yes , somehow they said stay away . 
  now how seriously that is taken , is another thing . 
  police hiding evidence is my guess . 
  they did n't know who was the attacker for sure & there 's no reason to release everything . 
  the media had already jumped on the pakistani train so let them have fun with it until every lead is investigated . 
  how does this guy know ? 
  well , we know * someone * in the neo-nazi scene has connections to someone in the police & intel services . 
  maybe he gave him a call . 
  now do n't fucking ask me why that guy thought that telling bachmann this fact was a good idea . 
  he probably knew he 's stupid enough to tweet out key secrets related to national security . 
  ( maybe he has to someone on the other side of the atlantic ) the police can sure clarify what happened by telling us when they checked the truck ( and no , it was not this morning , that would be too stupid even for the berlin police ) . 
  of course , if they want to clarify it . 
  for the same reason nsu happened . 
  there are cunts everywhere , including in our law enforcement agencies . 
  i was in my local one tonight , dragging friends around . 
  not as full as usual , but definitely a lot of people . 
  makes me a little proud of my fellow co-citizens , or whatever the term is, 
  and they just fired schubert so . . 
  but the whole atmosphere was more dramatic , even for charlie hebdo . 
  we 've been telling ourselves we 'd have a boom for like 6 years straight now , and since this summer everyone was talking how high of a possibility it is . 
  i am sad ... but definitely not shocked . 
  bka just did that 3 minutes ago , now that they are officially after him . 
  if you were a truck driver and you knew about tens of other truck drivers having their trucks hijacked for a robbery and a grant total of 0 truck being hijacked for a terror attack , wtf would you think ? 
  dunno about that one in berlin , but at the one in my city you simply ca n't breathe comfortably sometimes because of how packed it is . 
  i was in frankfurt two weeks ago and it was worse . 
  a truck driving through a super-packed crowd would be a massacre of massive proportions . 
   driver goes through the city , probably at gunpoint and no one sees a guy pointing a gun at another guy while travelling through middle of berlin , on a christmas afternoon ? 
  but the law does n't say that . 
  and he did n't have a driver 's license so if he was stopped by the police , that 's what they would ask of him . 
  that 's netherlands i think, 
  if you are a citizen or permanent resident , you give them your address and other data , they call and check the database , if everything is correct they let you go . 
  if they think sth is wrong , they can either get you to the station and keep you there until everything is confirmed , or escort you home where your id is . 
  definitely not a fine as we 're not required t carry ids . 
  and that shit takes time, 
  his first name was revelaed, 
  the papers confirming his identity & preparing for the deportation arrived today ( nrw guy on tv ), 
  ah , that 's why you guys need re in school . 
  yeah , fuck you too bild . 
   ravensburg  half of our media reporting him as a nrw resident edit : his papers were not valid , that 's why he was n't deported .
