  i understand why my comment came around as ugly , but it was a mistake . 
  i do n't hate the guy . 
  i just think he has to work on some of his issues , and that if he does n't , it would be a loss for europe . 
  he has all the qualities to play a very important role for eu reformation . 
  said the american . 
  edit : / u/mimzy12 this was for you . 
  yes , because putting everything under state 's control in a corrupted state is exactly the way to go . 
  do you seriously want rajoy to be in charge of your savings ? 
  i would n't . 
  the finance sector has also plenty of good jobs . 
  not everyone in the sector is a parasite . 
  if it was n't for the banks , you would have to stash your cash in your pillow and let it unused . 
  people would n't be able to buy houses or cars . 
  businesses would have no expansion funding . 
  no , i do n't work in a bank or anything finance-related . 
  in case it makes you feel better , the entire continent is fucked . 
  the french president has an approval rate of 13 % . 
  the fight will be between juppe ( convicted previously ) and an evil , racist woman . 
  italy had to deal with berlusconi for a decade . 
  now they have renzi . 
  austria barely escaped the possibility of having another evil man for president . 
  the polish & hungarian governments want to bring their countries a century back . 
  uk just voted to leave eu & we 'll have merkel as a queen for the next three decades . 
  the spanish people voted for pp in huge numbers compared to last fall 's elections . 
  less people voted for other parties . 
  most stayed at home . 
  it 's perfectly normal to vote for `` proved '' over `` unproved '' . 
  spain is not the 1st country to go that route . 
  in case you did n't notice , it 's the lowest turnout rate ever , which means those that do n't want to vote for pp and do n't trust podemos , stayed at home . 
  why would people feel betrayed ? 
  there 's simply no other option if you see the numbers . 
  what do they want , another fifteen elections in a row ? 
  the spanish people have spoken , by voting pp . 
  they want stability . 
  a big coalition does just that, 
  spd are more like labour party in the uk , lol . 
  and they 're also too incompetent at this point . 
  i do n't plan to vote them anytime soon . 
  and what 's the other alternative ? 
  another six months of turbulence ? 
  you ca n't afford that , to speak frankly, 
  at this point three days ago , they were still counting gilbratar . 
  that 's what france does for their presidential elections . 
  it 's kind of hard to do that for mainstream parties though , and i 'd say it does n't help democracy at all as it favorized a two-party system , which , in case you have followed the american presidential electons or this brexit debate , is n't good for a country as politically polarized as spain . 
  so another round of mess ? 
  i wish you good luck & a big coalition . 
  so , lunatics . 
  166 vs 159 so ... what happens with the peripheral votes ? 
  care to explain for us our other europoors ? 
  as it should be . 
  it 's just counting , what 's the big deal . 
  it 's not like they have to decipher novels written by voters . 
  what are the other options ? 
  their socialists are lunatics , most people do n't trust podemos and spain has gone through enough fascism to vote for them again, 
  i 'd say the opposite is true . 
  i am sure merkel 's approval rate will go up this month due to the raised uncertainty caused by brexit . 
  i think the same rings true for spain - they 've been through enough shit already . 
  50 % counted . 
  last time i had to miss a night 's sleep to catch 47 % of the votes . 
  see , kiddos ? 
  that 's how you count votes . 
  and then they say spaniards are lazy . 
  wait , does this mean your two biggest parties will be lead by women acc to your bet ? 
  has that ever happened in europe ? 
  are there significant differences between being a thatcherite and a libertarian ? 
  coalitiom governance is good . 
  things get down slower , but at least you do n't get half of the country fighting the other half . 
  in times like this , when smaller parties are getting traction , big coalitions are actually the only solution for a credible government people can have some trust in . 
  it 's a democracy . 
  it 's actually more democratic than the majority of european countries . 
  euro-sceptic would be podemos , but they more of `` eu has some functional issues and we should try to solve them '' than `` hurr durr brexit sovereignity immigrants let 's get out '' if eu fails , it wo n't be because of populist left-wing governments , it will be because of populist right-wing government , and i 've never voted for anything not center-right in my life . 
  the problem is your media labels everyone in this country `` a merkel ally '' . 
  perks of a big coalition , i guess . 
  that would be good . 
  good luck anyway . 
  condolences for the match . 
  and which one is the best for the country ? 
  guys , can we have a big thread for this ? 
  if that 's a no , maybe a spaniard can make a quick summary what will happen if exit poll numbers are confirmed ? 
  boris johnson makes your government look like a bunch of abraham lincolns . 
  we used to gas people . 
  there comes a time to forget about old habits . 
  well yes , but if you stay , your people will start complaining after a couple of years again . 
  nhd privatization ? 
  fuck merkel pakistani immigrants ? 
  fuck merkel bulgarian prostitutes ? 
  fuck merkel academies for schools ? 
  fuck merkel just leave , sort your own stuff and then get back when your politicians can take responsibiliy for the country . 
  i have nothing against you personally , but 52 % of your compatrios will blame everything on my chancellor for the next years , and i do n't want that . 
  but if you want to invest in europe , you wo n't invest in uk ... monieee . 
  or if cdu does n't explode , which would force another big coalition but this time with a spd chancellor . 
  i 'd rather have steinmeier than gabriel or anyone else in spd . 
  steinmeier is a good guy . 
  lol , you funny . 
  from what three of my friends say , it 's not `` eu keeping people polite '' . 
  the verbal attacks against them started roughly a month ago , and they had n't had a problem before that . 
  more an issue of polarization than of `` revenge '' . 
  stay safe . 
  my friends in london & manchester say the same things . 
  thank god they 're too white and can pass for natives on the streets , but they say they 've hard under-the-breath comments in the supermarket , where they buy newspapers , at the sho repairment guy .
