  who the fuck thought it was a good idea to establish the euro without clear rules on fiscal policy ? 
  oh yes , mitterand . 
  the problem is when someone 's else policies get the trouble in our doorstep . 
  we have n't been bff for the past 5 years or so, 
   germany does n't assume a leadership role . 
  what the fuck are you doing , how can you be so irresponsible , ww2 guilt , you 'll never become a proper country . 
   uk decides to play hard-to-get high school games ; france becomes a continental joke ; italy decides to fuck itself and elect berlusconi ; spain forgets it is part of eu ; poland elects either puppies or nihilists ; netherlands decides to take a nap from eu  the german government is forced , against the wishes of the people , to assume a leadership role how dare you bunch of nazis merkelreich you want to impose your nazi policies on the continent and execute greece and turn spain into a giant wasteland and start war with russia . 
  ____________________________________________________ i am so fucking tired of this shit you have no idea . 
  please convince your government to become a giant nanny , because i 'd rather have my government back in berlin than flying between brussels and athens on a daily basis . 
  sincerely , german voters . 
  oh , and something else : i am fine with my government catching the public blame for everything from greek raking up french debt ( not our fault ) , to spain 's economy ( ok , that * is * our fault ) , to the current crisis ( ok , that 's our fault partly too ) , to ukraine ( we were n't the ones funding protesters ) , to south stream being cancelled ( ask kerry , we encouraged it to be built ) , to romanian anti-corruption stuff ( no comment , just no comment ) , to italian banks being in deep shit ( not our fault ) , to sweden accepting half of somalia ( not our fault ) , to cameron being a high school date ( not our fault , we tried to fix him ) , to libya ( ask france - we had the decency to stay the fuck out ) , to god-knows-what . 
  what i absolutely am not fine with is a combination of both being blamed for everything happening here and being backstabbed by our `` allies '' . 
  nah , i do n't like that . 
  ban all skaters !, 
  and even if he stops shouting , it 's not like refugees will remain in hungary forever and ever . 
  are you seriously defending his governance ? 
  i fully understand you if you like his current stance on refugees , but are you * defending his governance '' ? 
  i have a friend of a friend studying in fatih , the stories he tells are a little scary . 
  when he arrived in turkey , everything was fine and then things went downhill . 
  and while literally everyone understands that you are the single best-run country from the pool of `` big muslim population '' countries , that does n't mean you are the same turkey you were five years ago . 
  we posted this and commented on this once . 
  you do n't know anyone who came here with a visa from turkey right ? 
  because i 've met people who came here with tourist visas to visit their brothers and had to go through the typical german bureaucracy to get it . 
  i also know cases of people who were studying in istanbul , got a statement from their uni , had the money , etc and were not granted a visa because the embassy thought they would stay here . 
  do n't you how strict our visa ruled about turkey are ? 
  if the eu spokesperson for free media and lgbt rights is now orban , we 're in some deeeeep shit . 
   the deal would likely include a lot more action from the turkish side to prevent people from trying to get to greece . 
  no , it would n't . 
  because turkey would be encourage to let everyone leave and then get them back - because that way , it would be much easier to send more people to europe on this one-per-one program . 
  they would n't stop anyone - it would be again their interests yeah , i love sparkling water too . 
  i have no problem with turkish citizens visiting eu . 
  i have , however , a program with the fact that a certain % of them will use this occasion to slip into eu and stay here . 
  albanians , macedonians , serbians , etc are already doing this , and they are tiny countries . 
  why would n't turks take this opportunity ? 
  are they stupid ? 
  there are millions and millions of people in turkey who live in deep poverty , but they can definitely find the 150 $ an one-way plane ticket to berlin would cost . 
  wtf are you talking about 1 mln people landed in greece for turkey through the sea germany got 1,1 mln immigrants now let 's sit down and guess * where * these immigrants come from . 
  ... ... ... ... ... ... . . let me brainstorm ... ... ... ... ... ... . . 
  i say it 's via ukraine . 
  we 're bribing turkey into doing the dirty job for us . 
  whether that bribe goes directly for food or not it 's a separate matter , but it is still a bribe, 
  they mentioned guilt tripping or whatever each time there were bailout talks . 
  that worked sooooooo well for them . 
  no , they do n't want them . 
  they have an unemployment of 25 % and you think they want more workers ? 
  more social unrest ? 
  more social spending ? 
  more crime ? 
  more eu-skepticism ? 
  from the aegean . 
  sorry to say this , but it 's naive to think this can work perfectly . 
  how can the greek police/frontex send 4000-8000 people on a daily basis back to turkey ? 
  why do you think people wo n't switch to the egypt-greece route ? 
  libya-italy route ? 
  morocco-spain ? 
  my fear : it will be unmanageable and we 're simply incentivizing turkey to finance smugglers , funding smugglers and redirecting waves of people the only thing that could help this version is making sure no one would get anything when they apply for asylum while reaching europe illegally - no shelter , no food allowance , etc. 
  however , that is not inhumane and could lead to humanitarian crisis , spiking crime rates , etc. 
  plus , it would require the cooperation of all member states - and eu member states can barely agree on still or sparkling water . 
  plus , it will make deportations to na countries even more difficult as the countries would hate us even more ( yay ) . 
  they came here and then stay here illegally ? 
  we 're already seeing that with macedonians , and they are 2 million people , no 80 . 
  a one-way ticket istanbul - berlin is like 150 euros, 
  no , it has n't . 
  we got 80 % of asylum seekers last year from the coast . 
  the other 20 % came here from the balkan countries . 
  a very small part of asylum seekers used the turkey-bulgaria land border, 
  or we can just sit and blame eu countries for being un-christian , not fly anyone in and let greece drown . 
  :') see , everyone can play dirty games . 
  however , we should n't make it a race of playing dirty games with each-other , with the winner getting a blowjob from orban . 
  she has n't slept for years - that 's the impression you get everytime you see her . 
  that is not the issue here though . 
  she also did n't sleep before reaching a deal with greece for the debt , but we applauded that one remember ? 
  in this case , whether she sleeps or not is entirely irrelevant . 
  her position and her policies are ** wrong **, 
  300,000 people a year is perfectly doable , if we ensure no additionals come ... but we know that 's not the case . 
  wait , wait , there 's something interesting in that . 
  a syrian refugee will be resettled for * every * immigrants landing in greece and returned to turkey ? 
  not just syrians ? 
  in that case ... 
  i hope orban keeps up his vetoing, 
  does anyone have a credible source on whether there were other countries vetoing it too ? 
  except it would be possible for the proud portugese and croatian ( nothing against those countries , just picked them randomly ) to approve every asylum application knowing very well where they would end up ( hint : here ) . 
  i 'd rather see those who are responsible for the feeding , housing , etc of these people to take the decision . 
  i 'm the first one to be against such a change . 
  yes , it would be an interesting policy right now and it might be effective , but it is so risky to implement it that i 'd rather not go the route of * allowing * my government ( i mean , for god 's sake , my state has been governed by csu since dinosaurs were around ) to tell me i am not allowed to go out after 12pm if the government sees it fit to keep my home at whatever hours it things it may be `` bad '' . 
  i mean , if we 're all in cages 24h/day there is 0 crime - but would you vote for that option ? 
  this is a pretty slippery slope . 
  i just ca n't understand how an adult can say `` hey , i want to grant the government the power to force me to stay home whenever it wants to and arrest me when i go out '' . 
  yeah , i wrote the comment some hours ago when the rumors had n't surfaced yet, 
  am i the only one who sees a specific issue with this ? 
  what turkey wants : more syrians out of its territory ( absolutely logical , i am not blaming them for this ) how can they get that : by getting more syrians from greece . 
  how can they get to get more syrians from greece : by sending more syrians to greece . 
  so technically are n't we incentivizing turkey to allow & encourage smugglers to operate , why not also allowing passport falsifications , trips from jordan & lebanon , etc , --  which in turn would mean more money for smugglers and passport makers and less money for genuine refugees ? 
  and also : how will the relocating scheme work ? 
  who picks the people to get to europe ? 
  turkish government ? 
  and where are they sent ? 
  `` coalition of willing '' or the 160,000 distribution thing ? 
  oh i buy from turkish shops often here . 
  man , they * negotiate .
