  they forbade relationships between colleagues ( illegal ) , they treated paid work-time as the time a cashier is directly in contact with the customers ( instead of starting when the cashier enters the supermarket , prepares his table , etc ) , they tried to force everyone to stay on first-name basis and use `` du '' with each-other regardless of hierarchy and age , they forced people to * sing the company song every morning * . 
  not to mention stupid things like asking the staff to act like they were in the us ( asking people whether they need help every two minutes , millions of coupon , bagging groceries ) . 
  i mean , it 's fine if other cultures have different views of quality customer service , but once you enter a new market , you should try to adapt to local views . 
  also force them to learn the language . 
  ignorant me is ignorant , but how much are social contributions and tax rates in romania ? 
  because here that leaves you with around 3000 euros after tax . 
  take cost of living in account and come up with a conclusion . 
  why should we destroy our future to have a higher population ? 
  like , what 's the point ? 
  no , it 's because of eastern states . 
  the only immigrants there are poles , and they do n't have many kids . 
  we do n't have student debt , we have paid maternal and paternal leaves . 
  we just do n't like babies . 
  it 's not only an economic issue that can be solved with free daycare or sth , it 's also cultural . 
  not much . 
  plus , immigrants start adapting to the local norms . 
  my turkish colleague is married to a turkish woman , both work , both are around 30 and they do n't plan on having kids anytime soon . 
  even more so for poles , czechs , serbs , albanians , etc. 
  you get one paid year after the kid is born, 
  no , it concerns your client too . 
  that 's why the taxi service is regulated in every country on earth bar afghanistan : if not , it would turn into wild west . 
  we have a billion part-time jobs here , the problem is with full-time jobs . 
  we should sit down and solve the full-time jobs problem , not create more mini-jobs as a band-aid . 
  and this part time job would be too insecure . 
  if you want extra money , work as a taxi driver . 
  being rational is inferior ? 
  uhm , okay , i guess, 
   wal mart failed here walmart failed in epic proportions . 
  it 's a textbook `` do n't do this '' . 
  kids learn about it in school : `` whatever you do in life , never fuck up an investment as badly as them '' . 
  poor guys . 
  i heard sth about immigrants going from bulgaria to romania to hungary . 
  no , it 's not . 
  the schengen zone does n't mean people without ids from another continent move around . 
  the whole point of schengen is `` our external borders are so strong we do n't need internal borders '' . 
  once the external borders turn up to be shit , you need internal borders - bye bye schengen . 
  legally , the refugees should not move unchecked around europe . 
  they do n't have the right to do it - even though you , as an eu citizen , do . 
  who is talking about beautiful krakow ? 
  the rules are simple , you get registered at the first schengen country you enter . 
  which means , greece & italy . 
  however , greece & italy , for a mix of reasons ranging from a lack of will to a lack of resources , do not register them ; instead they are allowed to move freely along their borders , from one country to the next until they arrive where they wish to be . 
  i did n't mention that because from my experience , `` illegals '' tend to stay with their relatives , do n't pay income taxes or have the money to buy a car . 
   hungary 's wall worked pretty well without shooting people . 
  sure , because the refugees/migrants had five alternative roads to go to germany . 
   are passport controls on the border sufficient to declare schengen dead ? 
  if they remain , yes . 
  if they stop after a couple of weeks , schengen is ok, 
  they can move illegally , they wo n't get benefits in other countries, 
  and let millions in greece ? 
  that would be `` civil war , welcome '', 
   feel free to pass through , we do n't care easy there , that 's italy , greece , bulgaria , romania , hungary ... `` here , you have a map , good luck '', 
  and you can bet they * will * come up with a way, 
  see , this is why we need austerity for you guys ^ / s have fun and enjoy it !, 
  it 's cold , i had a bad day at work , the traffic is terrible , my milk had gone bad and rafa will be fired by madrid, 
  do n't be stupid yes , there are cunts everywhere but in general , our police is civil, 
  54 % according to the latest poll, 
  what did you say about their cars ? 
  while i do n't agree with the tens of anti-german comments in this thread , i have enough respect for poland to say this : we should keep our noses out of their internal businesses . 
  eu wants to do sth about their public tv ? 
  fine . 
  our representatives however , should absolutely refuse to push this as long as nthg really bad happens . 
  for god 's sake \u00d6ttinger , keep your stupid mouth shut and let them deal with their stuff . 
  no one here is really bothering to tell people what 's better . 
  in case you have n't noticed , we ended up in the biggest mess since the reunification and we have problems to sort out . 
  it would be strikingly different in another situation where we 'd have the time and nerves to deal with another country 's problm , but right now , we got shit to deal with . 
  i am german and some of the reports in our media seriously suggest it 's a german-russian baby, 
  they can do whatever they want , they earned their right to do so, 
  we tried that . 
  it did ' t work . 
  not all , just a few . 
  3 or 4 i think, 
  ohne holland ... 
   considering germany 's great reputation according to reddit , we are to blame for crimea , the refugees , the greek crisis , brexit , the paris attacks , the french farmers , unemployment in spain , calais , any gas pipeline being built anywhere , bulgaria doing what kerry asked them to , the new polish government , the eurozone france pushed for , etc etc etc. 
  i do n't care for your corruption , berlusconi , mafia , all that mess . 
  you have amazing food and music . 
  are you seriously saying our society was n't damaged by mass turkish immigration ? 
  there are zones in bremen , hamburg or berlin where it really is n't a good idea to go , where the police does n't go unless a serious crime happens , where sitting in a cafe means you 'll be glared at or even asked to leave . 
  sure , nothing like the french banlieues or the london mess or malmo , but still * ghettos * . 
  is that not damaging ? 
  there are thousands of immigrants refusing to integrate , going as far as sending their kids to school without basic german . 
  businessmen being very honest about how they refuse to employ anyone who is n't turkish . 
  employees pushing for breaks for praying times . 
  we are talking about immigrants who grew up here , in a country with one of the lowest unemployment rates in europe and with free access to one of the best education systems in europe , who refuse to become part of this society , choose to skip school , to live on welfare , and that 's without managing the chunks of the population engaging in petty crime , gangs , etc. 
  how about regular fights between turks and kurds , bringing their conflicts from another continent in our streets ? 
  how about women walking around covered from head to toe ? 
  if you want to talk about their contribution in our economy , we can talk all you want . 
  saying they have contributed positively in our society , that 's another matter . 
  you have the right to stay silent if you 're a suspect , not if you are a witness . 
  and / u/alexhessen is n't talking about the law , but about the mentality - the police is there to protect you , not to harm you on purpose . 
  we cooperate with the police . 
  i have never imagined a situation in which the police knocks on my door and asks for my help and i stay silent . 
  why should it be advised to refuse helping your own community ? 
  when i had a problem , i asked for their help and they helped . 
  i was arrested when i was 19 and i was treated fairly and respectfully . 
  the balkans are not a problem , their governments are falling over themselves to help with getting back as much as possible . 
  even if they stayed , it would n't be a big problem ( they make an effort to integrate ) . 
  it 's the me that are a problem, 
  the part of `` usa should intervene '' is enough for me to not give a flying fuck about the rest of the article i do n't agree with many elements of this energy deal . 
  however , the idea that we should call washington before taking decisions is crazy .
