  there are fully integrated poles , and czechs , and turks - there are also those who hug to their ethnicity more than their current country . 
  and that is fine , as long as they respect and appreciate the country and feel part of this society . 
  wan na keep turkish music in your wedding ? 
  cheer for \u00d6zil ? 
  teach your kids to speak turkish ? 
  go for vacation there ? 
  i wo n't fight that . 
  because until now , most of the arabs were handpicked while we got the worst from turkey ? 
  and now we 're getting ... 
  when i say `` integrated '' , i do n't necessarily mean they 're feeling german and all that . 
  but they do n't create problems ( statistically , they are less crime-prone than ee in the ' 90 ) , they are a net help to the economy , create businesses , are not religious freaks in general , speak the language generally well , they intermarry with locals and other immigrants , they are more keen on respecting the local norms , they do n't blow up like those cute parisian guys , etc. 
  hell , check around your local train station - you 'll be offered drugs by na , but turks ? 
  yeah , seeing the turkish flag every-fucking-where if you enter one of their roads is not the best thing on earth , but it 's something i can live with . 
  turks have not broken this country 's social uniform - the new arrivals are pretty close to doing it , and that 's after some months . 
  exaggerate ? 
  1,1 million in 2015 , half of them in october/november, 
  we lost more people so it does n't count . 
  but yeah , fine i guess . 
  as long as it 's a single digit number of buildings burned , we 'll be ok . 
  why would a man from pakistani travel through half of the world , risk his life and lose all his savings , in order to go to sweden , if he knew he 'd get no shelter no food no nothing there ? 
  from a rational point of view , we should be the first and that 's not even up for debate . 
  honestly , who if not us ? 
  if the german government * can not * take full responsibility for an eu crisis , whom exactly are we expecting to solve it ? 
  estonia ? 
  portugal ? 
  from a `` moral '' point of view , i know my country 's history . 
  getting money from them is written in the law . 
  it would be the same for me if i file for social assistance . 
  deport them to countries where they can face torture ? 
  what countries ? 
  they torture people in albania ? 
  accepting a million illegal immigrants in some months has given my country soft power ? 
  nice to know, 
  we wo n't mind if finland invades us for a month or two to clear this mess . 
  you know , we 'd love for some things to be decided in london . 
  but they did n't want that and they decided to look the other way for a decade or so so yeah , here we are . 
  london wants to become eu capital again ? 
  to answer your question : because keeping uk in the eu is far more important than our ego . 
  it 's a practical matter after all . 
  and they are better , more integrated , hard working , have opened plenty of businesses , cook very well and they definitely marry late instead of at 11 . 
  i have picked up a lot of words in turkish and i see nothing wrong with that . 
  but bejng taught arabic * at school * ? 
  looool, 
  the system works for those that respect it . 
  i wo n't get shot if a spit on a police officer , but i do n't do it . 
  good luck making one million uneducated men respect female police officers kindly asking them to calm down . 
  they tried that in k\u00f6ln and one of the guys decided to grab a police officer 's boobs . 
  why would a moroccan mind a month in jail for shop lifting ? 
  he gets free shelter , free food and everything in prison . 
  his brother outside gets to enjoy the money he earned . 
  they do not care about how good our system is . 
  period . 
  same here , 
  thanks friend . 
  anyone you 'd like me to vote for to return the favor ? 
  the guys has read my mind . 
  if i could vote in finland , i 'd vote for him . 
  not here we discussed that when there was that story for the russian girl from berlin there are many european countries that define a 22 year old having sex with a 13 year old ( the story here ) as a `` child sex abuser '' , not a `` rapist '', 
  did n't the ottomans do that in fact ? 
  they invaded muslim places and decided to take their religion, 
  last time i checked , you were in the middle east and we were packed between france & poland . 
  last time i checked , these guys had nothing to do with europe , let alone my country . 
  last time i checked , the guys were supposed to learn my language, 
  i did n't say it 's wrong , but i am saying it is proven not to work in the 21th century , as my country is happy to prove, 
   a small minority of german jumped on the refugee welcome hype train as someone who volunteered to a local centre until october , you are wrong . 
  at the end i left because they were too many people that were more willing that i was to volunteer and who * were genuinely happy about the refugees * ( i was n't part of them , i got it because they needed help urgently and left when my help was n't needed ), 
  no , that 's the point . 
  by incentivising moms to stay at home instead of creating conditions for them to get back to work quickly , all you get is a super low birthrate because these women simply refuse to let a kid damage their career, 
  first thing first : we manage to finance our kindergeld benefits second thing : do whatever the hell you want with your budget as long as you do n't ask for my money to bail you out third thing : i fully agree . 
  giving natives money to have kids makes more sense that taking care of 1 million people from another parallel universe fourth thing : the budget thing is to shut up italy . 
  not directly for refugees inside eu . 
  why not ? 
  they 're the same hungarians they were 44 years ago, 
   unfortunately the only solution is one europe is not ready to take - make it expected of women to stay at home and give birth/take care of the family . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahhaha this is the funniest thing i 've read all day you 've basically read the cdu/csu inner thoughts guess what , lowest birthrate in the world babe :'), 
  please do n't apply your local prices to hungary . 
  cost of living is lower there . 
  and anyway , the gov job is to provide incentives - not fund fifteen kids, 
  seriously , that 's when you need a baltimore police force . 
  we really have to ask the us to send some police officers instead of soldiers next time . 
  just please tell them to never approach a citizen . 
  depends on whom you ask, 
   because the extreme left generally does n't attack people , but property . 
  also , at least their heart is in the right place , even though their mind is , well , they 're out of it so it 's not really anywhere , any more . 
  the police are not people ? 
  because they trill to seriously injure police officers on a regular basis  case in point , what happened here : it 's not an `` terror attack '' , it 's infrastructure sabotage . 
  shutting down a rail track is not an act of terror , if you claim it to be you 're belittling actual terrorism . 
  placing bombs around in my country is an act of terror . 
  i do n't want that to happen around me , same way i do n't want people beating up pakistani kids, 
  it 's the antifa - they do n't tolerate non-tolerance, 
  what about bulgaria ? 
  for some reason , half of skopje got a bulgarian passport and decided to come here, 
  oh no , not at all . 
  i have nothing against a much stronger frontex that would take care of the coast borders of italy & greece and the entry to the schengen main zone ( so , slovenia and upwards ) . 
  i just am pessimist about how feasible that would be , because of 1 . 
  funding & 2 . 
  command . 
  however , in this for example , personally i 'd have no problem with , say , an italian general being in charge, 
  of course . 
  but you need someone else for that to have force , or we 'll suddenly see france , russia , italy and whatnot doubling their aid to afghanistan two hours after we threaten with ours you can imagine what would happen for trade sanctions,
