  do n't forget that one ship luxembourg keeps hidden somewhere and their five , * five * pirates . 
  and here , if you 're not a ) under 18 ; b ) on welfare ; or c ) a stay-at-home mom ; and you actively use facebook , you 're basically in extinction . 
  as long as no dies , i am all for it !, 
  i was there during nye . 
  i 've never seen so much police in my life . 
  my german-turkish friend was checked * three * times , but for the most part , everyone was waaay too drunk to care about terrorism, 
  personally i am afraid they might attack eurovision, 
  that 's the issue , erdogan severely weakened the military four years ago . 
  they are pretty good at sports , even if we decide to ignore the last euros . 
  same for marie curie, 
  and having that 2008-2011 barcelona , arguably the best team of all times , with a catalonian core . 
  yeah but if these particular fascists did n't go full crazy and industrially kill 11 million people in limited time , maybe it would be more popular nowadays . 
  nordic can into eesti too, 
  ooooooo baby portugal :( monies . 
  benelux banter 10/10, 
  their whole education system is pretty good , esp . 
  their medicine schools, 
  they are hardworking aaand they `` like '' cars . 
  `` i am 1/8 german and i always called myself german , but now i 'm embarrassed for it because of refugees . 
  so now i 'll call myself polish , as one my great-great-grandparents was polish '' r/shitamericanssay, 
  more like nuke the entire continent, 
  i remember this . 
  oh god . 
  do you have a moment to talk about our lord and saviour google ? 
  the most horrendous yes , but not afd . 
  which is not a big compliment , but let 's be honest here, 
  she 's smart enough not to get in a stupid fight with a guy running for president of her `` biggest ally '' , but trust me , no one who votes cdu ever gave a fuck about what that idiot says . 
  if they did , they 'd think their country is a , let me quote the gentleman during the gop debates , `` destroyed , terrible mess of islamic rapists '', 
  her latest management of the refugee issue ? 
  walking back on hartz iv elements ? 
  no , we 'll kick everyone out and keep the $ for ourselves , because logic . 
  ah this will get them a lot of love from their usual r/europe fans with foreign flairs . 
  i am actually bavarian and even coming from me : that * really * would n't be a good idea . 
  i beg you pardon ? 
   also his head is perpetually stuck in merkel 's asshole ( he said something like he 'd defend her approach to refugee crisis even if he was the last man doing it ) you have to open negotiations for eu . 
  he 'd say he 'll defend her approach even if merkel stopped doing it if he thought that would help with the negotiations . 
  yes , let 's bash people for having accents in a foreign language . 
  as for / u/senelys , just do n't spit and you 'll be fine . 
  i actually know how to say it after years of practice , yayy, 
  how does that compare to previous elections ? 
  hofer right ? 
  merkel does n't pander to german-turks though , that would be a lost cause . 
  whoever votes from that community ( and trust me , it 's a very small number in the grand scheme of things ) , votes for the left - either spd or the green party . 
  you know , parties that have actually been pro-immigration for the last century . 
  so the government should become buddy-buddies with putin because acc to you , that would make them happy ? 
  and not being a friend of the new polish gov is not exactly a choice - they 're the ones saying our current gov are 21st century nazis and that poles should never drop the vigilance against germans because we want to control them again . 
  not exactly the optimal environment for a friendly relationship , but hey what do i know . 
  those who allow smoking limit themselves to the part of the market that smokes those who ban smoking limit themselves to the part of the market that does n't smoke everyone lives happily ever after, 
  oh , i absolutely agree that it 's now a massively corrupted state , but it 's not a failed state . 
  it 's not libya . 
  people in kosovo started a guerilla war against the serbian state to become independent/autonomous . 
  since serbian actions were bordering on genocide , the civilized world decided to help kosovo to get back on its feet . 
  people of kosovo were happy about the help nato gave to them , so they had no problems with some americans and europeans helping them with their police , courts , economy , etc. 
  it was essentially `` how to build a country 101 '' , with the student being perfectly happy with being taught . 
  making libya an eu protectorate means invading it against the wishes of its people and forcing people to obey to eurocrats . 
  you 're talking about spd and i was talking about cdu, 
  sch\u00e4uble is the exception and he 's an amazing politician too , but merkel tried to ship him off too . 
  and you probably have the same law , check it . 
  after sending every senior politician that she did n't agree with to brussels or some research institute , of course she is preferable to all senior politicians left . 
  and how many of them vote ? 
  cool , back to 1st, 
  guess i 'll have to live through being just the 4th . 
  i 'd rather not have people not speaking my language around in my country . 
  it 's one thing with expats - hey , you found a job and came around for some years , fine , welcome - and another thing with 2nd generation immigrants . 
  no integration -  problems . 
  period . 
  if you have issues with their religion , that 's another matter , but segregated communities are segregated communities , despite of their skin color , religion , ethnicity , etc. 
  oh , i did n't mean domestic policies ( hence the `` for obama '' comment ) . 
  obama has n't lost a single minute of sleep in his life over taxes in uk or nuclear energy in germany . 
  i meant that on a continental level , esp . 
  concerning putin , merkel was more reliable than both schr\u00f6der & cameron . 
  yeap , obama wants `` clout '' , but he also wants to outsource certain things & wants to get the job done . 
  and this wo n't change with a hillary presidency . 
  as for / u/olddoc : i do n't want to imagine what the folder they gave to obama prior to his first phone call with merkel contained . 
  `` mr. president , our sources say she always tells her husband to buy broccoli with their tomatoes or sometimes onions with tomatoes , but never onions with broccoli '' `` ok , cool '' 10 minutes later `` angela , i want to tell you about this horrible dish they brought me . 
  broccoli ... with onions !, 
  can you imagine that ? '', 
  which is so stupid and pointless and impossible that it makes my head twirl , but hey , if you like the guy ... 
  eu as a whole trading block is the biggest economy in the world though . 
  cameron being an idiot , merkel being reliable ( for obama , i am not commenting on the rest of her political actions here ) ? 
  that 's harsh darling . 
  have some tea . 
  not really , if / u/damaxoh would take merkel 's place you would n't get those 15 billion . 
   hey , if you do n't want them , we can surely take them off your hands . 
  we 'll put them to good use , build digital infrastructure or sth . 
  angela pushed for south stream , after your government bowed down to american pressure . 
   do n't blame angela for your politician 's retirement options , because there is no reason ** whatsoever ** to think her retirement fund is behind ss or ns . 
  issues between the bulgarian government and the american embassy in your country are sth to be solved in bulgaria . 
  berlin has literally nothing to do with them . 
   but sure , keep posting stuff . 
  the german government was in support of south stream though . 
  why the fuck would he ever drive a chevrolet ? 
  ` murica asked your gov to drop south stream and you decided to do it . 
  our government said they want south stream to go ahead . 
  publicly . 
  several times . 
  the last islamist terrorist was sentenced to life right ? 
  personally i like the law & i do n't think it should be abolished . 
  i will ignore your `` 1871 '' and `` unjustified nationalism '' comments to reply to this . 
  but hey , if you want to use them as arguments , feel free not to read the rest of my comment .
