  he is fractionally less hostile to the euro than mrs le pen ( probably earning him least-worst status in berlin in the `` apocalypse scenario '' of a run-off between the two ) . 
  but he may also be more temperamentally anti-german . 
  his 2015 book , `` bismarck 's herring '' , attacked french reformists `` hypnotised '' by the `` german poison '' and comparing them to world war two collaborators . 
  he has also referred to the reunification of east and west germany as an `` annexation '' . 
  safe to say , mr m\u00e9lenchon would not make an easy partner . 
  imperfect but workable : fran\u00e7ois fillon a win for mr fillon over either mrs le pen or mr m\u00e9lenchon would elicit relief in berlin . 
  indeed from his selection as centre-right candidate in november to the explosion in february of penelopegate , the corruption scandal that has since weighed him down , he looked like the frontrunner . 
  so berlin is used to the idea of him as president . 
  officials here welcome his economic reformism . 
  he belongs to the epp , the same european political family as mrs merkel . 
  the two have known each other for years . 
  those around him ( especially bruno le maire , once a likely fillon foreign minister who quit over the scandal ) have insisted to german officials that he has learned from mr hollande 's failure to forge a tight link with berlin early in his premiership and will not make the same mistake . 
  that said , if the run-off pits mr fillon against mr macron , most top german figures ( with a few exceptions on the right of the cdu and fdp , and in the afd ) will be rooting for mr macron . 
  in a few important respects , mr fillon is far from ideal for germany . 
  for one thing penelopegate will loom over him , weakening his presidency . 
  mrs le pen and mr m\u00e9lenchon may not believe it , but germany has no appetite for hegemony : `` a european germany , not a german europe '' as thomas mann put it . 
  hegemony means one of two things to berlin : an unassertive germany held responsible for everything that goes wrong or an assertive germany hated for telling others what to do . 
  so the spectre of a fillon presidency crippled by corruption allegations , and thus a weak france , does not appeal to german leaders . 
  moreover , mr fillon wants to end sanctions on russia , she wants to keep them . 
  he wants upper limits on refugee numbers , she does not . 
  they may inhabit the same political family , but mrs merkel is well to his left and mr fillon is said to see her as a bit of a pinko . 
  to some in her orbit , he seems more oriented towards britain ( with his admiration for margaret thatcher and his welsh wife ) than towards germany . 
  the potential president le pen wants to go back to a napoleon-style central bank , which means yes . 
  same logic . 
  yes , schulz might win and encourage immigration a bit and increase my taxes a bit , but meh , who cares . 
  but a le pen presidency . . that affects my next decades . 
  good luck france !, 
  hope you do n't let us down this time . 
  our eyes are on the other side of rhine today . 
  the average poll for the last week before brexit was actually 50,5 % remain and 49,5 % leave . 
  well within statistical error . 
  petry leaving the conference to go to her room with her husband was reported . 
  or are you asking how i know they had sex ? 
  i meant in the next government, 
  because fuck people for being fed up with paying the highest taxes in the world . 
  i meant . 
  calm the fuck down . 
  he 's a good guy , very smart , and would make a good chancellor . 
  leaving a party congress to have wild hotel sex is pretty shitshow-y, 
  note : this comes before today 's massive shitshow at afd party congress . 
  next week polls should be . . entertaining . 
  yeap and that 's the thing : schulz is pretty cool , and cool gets you votes . 
  but cool does n't win you elections . 
  competency does . 
  unless he proves himself to be better prepared ( lol , dat wo n't happen ) and suited ( meh ) for the job of the chancellor than merkel , he 'll have to stay as a cute little foreign minister and go have bbq with lavrov and johnson when shit gets tough . 
   just imagine if germans elect and idiot or someone that turns to be bad for whatever the reason . 
  we wo n't . 
  both our candidates are perfectly fine . 
   she briefed cabinet colleagues on what she said were `` very basic misunderstandings '' by mr trump on the `` fundamentals '' of the eu and trade . 
  i can imagine her sitting down to tell sch\u00e4uble with a straight face `` he * really * knows jackshit . 
  he thought we have invaded greece , crime has quadrupled , and that i will lose the next elections ! '', 
  eu first , uk second . 
  live in germany, 
  you can choose not to ? 
  oooo . 
   not once have i ever heard a politican say that now it the time to be fiscally conservative and our debt-to-gdp ratio both at the federal and l\u00e4nder level is witness to that . 
  our current finance minister is saying that . 
  praying , praying , praying for a macron-fillon in the second round . 
  ( and then , ofc , a macron victory ) i 've literally never prayed for any of my elections . 
  we 'll do just fine anyway . 
  but fuck this shit , a le pen or a melenchon presidency would fuck over europe . 
  do n't let us down frenchies !, 
  or else . . 
  a second srebrenica more likely . 
   but the kicker is : all my life ( i am 25 ) people would have protested harshly against any kind of extra spending for the military . 
  now the government made its plans public to nearly double the spending from 34 to 60 billion . 
  and no one cares . 
  there are no major protests , no big outcry . 
  just ... silence . 
  it seems , the public has shifted on that issue . 
  although i also saw no one who celebrated . 
  no huge , tens-of-thousands protests is significant enough on its own . 
  people can send vouchers to people for their last meal ? 
  '' . . you 're antidemocratic and anti-constitutional , and irrelevant . '', 
  i was horrified for the attack , i felt so bad for dortmund . 
  but honestly , this is now somewhat funny . 
  who the fuck thinks trying to kill 20 + people with military-grade explosives is a good idea ? 
  house of cards got the same criticism , but then 2016 came along . 
  yes , and compare the situation in two countries and you get your answer . 
  then there 's a problem with you , not merkel or schulz . 
  guess what : a german finance minister beloved by the eu is not how the eu would survive either . 
  other candidates are also great , they just have no chance of winning . 
  \u00d6zdemir and katrin are both sweethearts , and lindner is a good guy . 
   i think it has more to do with the us being a properly unified market , so that investment , and flow of capital and of expertise in the form of people is much easier . 
  you want our government to force the rest of the eu to learn and speak german ? 
  that will not be welcomed . 
   there 's also somewhat of a cultural difference where failure is seen as part of the game in startup culture there while it is not as acceptable here . 
  again , governments ca n't help with that . 
  for me , the biggest problem is exactly this : in the us , the private sector does the job . 
  we want the state to do it - you want the state to do it . 
  which has its benefits , but it also means we got no apple . 
   what i will say though is that especially high ranking politicians can put pressure on others to enact policy changes by making use of the prominence of their position . 
  that 's called the bully pulpit . 
  the federal government has been yelling at nrw for years now . 
  it did n't change anything . 
   there 's also the possibility that germany has a leader that can make the case that us spending money on europe is not a waste , but that it benetits us as a country as well as europe as a whole . 
  that leader wo n't win elections . 
   it was n't on us but we could 've seen the signs and gave them a stern talking to . 
  we did . 
  especially on iraq , we were the single strongest relevant opponent to .
