  edit : oh the famous atheist tolerance of reddit . 
  dunno about americans , but what the guys did could easily be covered under `` artistic freedom '' here too, 
   cultures generally cooperative rather hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha u sure u talkin ' bout yurop ? 
  a continent with such a bloody history that it would make the me say `` calm down you toddlers '' ? 
  i 've heard `` euro will fail next month !!! '', 
  at least every month , for every year since 2009 . 
  we 're good , thankyouforasking . 
  tap water is fine in germany though , even in places like deep villages ... unless you have a weird stomach or are a baby , it 's totally fine to drink it, 
  grenades are easier to find here at least , or they would n't be used by both lw & rw cunts regularly, 
  no , it 's `` wir '' . 
  you 're also in this `` wir '' . 
  except that `` s literally not the true , because if it was , it would mean there are basically no other immigrants on welfare , but nevermind . 
  our representatives have gone deaf due to age , i think . 
  i can still call mine though !, 
  got it from a refugee shelter , duh . 
  it 's one thing to be a neo-nazi , but riding camels is simply embarrassing . 
  oh , he watched that dresden - redbull match . 
  no , they do it every year . 
  i remember teachers explaining the list every year on high school using state-issued recommendations , and telling us to remind our parents about it . 
  we still allow extramarital sex around here, 
  honestly , this is pretty horrific . 
  the whole thing - one second you 're happily dancing with your new wife and then you go boom - but also the fact that it 's a child . 
  it 's sad to see turkey so often in terror headlines . 
  you want cops to shoot people ? 
  could you please get the fuck out of the german-speaking world ? 
  and vienna is safe . 
  one of the safest eu capitals . 
  only prague and lisbon come ahead . 
  yes , you can see drugs being sold in * some * parts of the town , but almost exclusively in train stations . 
  i 'd be able to find drugs easier in any german city bar munich . 
  but you ca n't ask for munich-levels of safety , that 's simply too much . 
  kinda weird to use `` white flight '' for vienna - serbs and bulgarians and croats are pretty pale . 
  plus , vienna has been a multiethnic city for centuries - i understand the complaings in most german towns , but vienna , seriously ? 
  so ... whom would replace erdogan ? 
  he 's still more pro-kurdish than almost all his political opponents , and has the backing of both the ethnic arabs & a good portion of ethnic turks . 
  bringing someone hated by a ) kurds b ) turks c ) arabs in such a tense moment is not very smart . 
  and no , is wo n't stop targeting turkey just because erdogan would leave . 
  if that was the case , they would be attacking uk every week . 
  from my limited experience , workplace mentality regarding women in poland is better than in bavaria . 
  are you * sure * you know what you 're talking about ? 
  xhaka and matic punching each-other in middle of the pitch ? 
  do n't you talk like that about estonia !, 
  and actually , there 's a high chance her killer will get life sentence . 
  honor killings in turkey are almost always life sentences , and this is a hate crime which is also prosecuted harsher . 
  q : do you think it 's gotten worse in the last year ? 
  last may , i remember scenes in istanbul with girls getting naked and kissing each-other and dancing provocatively in the crowd , while that would be unthinkable in 2016, 
  poland , from my experience . 
  we do n't . 
  face-coverage is banned only in demonstrations, 
  except there is no blanket ban on face-covering stuff, 
  which are covered under freedom of religion , which is the whole point of the debate ... so we go back to the state banning all face-coverage . 
  including masks ? 
  what about scarves that cover half of the face ( i wear them in harsh winter ) , would you ban them too in order to get rid of niqab ? 
  a ) being fully naked in public is not blanked-banned in germany so i do n't get your point . 
  it 's not even a religious matter - there 's no law saying you can be arrested or fined or anything simply for being naked in public . 
  b ) like i say in another comment in this thread , the difference between a state-recognised religious community of 1,6 billion in the world & a freshly-invented church, 
  so `` earing that disgusting piece of fabric that salafists say women should wear is banned and punishable by a fine '' ? 
  so what do you want to ban ? 
  any kind of full-face covering , including masks ? 
  or just `` the burqa '' ? 
  what would the law say , `` wearing that disgusting piece of fabric that salafists say women should wear is banned and punishable by a fine or up to six months in prison '' ? 
   we have a vote , because democracy bitches . 
  yes , because voting on whether other people should be allowed to express their religious convictions in the way they choose is soooo common sense . 
  should we also vote on the death penalty ? 
  torture of terrorists ? 
   latter day church of cyberfinger your church is not recognized as a religious community by the german state , to my best knowledge . 
   women are not allowed to obscure there femininity by using tampons or pads . 
  you ca n't ban our girls from sitting on your buses or from entering your starbuckses in the white yoga pants they like to wear because religious freedom there is a law that says german women should wear a pad or tampon when they 're on their period ? 
  genuinely asking . 
  having immigrants does not mean a country is multicultural , if you ca n't make the distinction between the two that 's your problem . 
  i do n't think many people will flick from spd to afd , if that 's what you 're referring . 
  afd voters are pretty much either ex-cdu voters in the west , or ex-die linke voters in the east . 
  `` oppression '' is n't mentioned in our gg . 
  but yes , freedoms can be curtailed if they violate other freedoms . 
  in this particular case , the only constitutionally-allowed argument i can imagine is considering the burqa to be sth that hurts the woman 's dignity and forced upon her ... but good luck convincing the federal constitutional court to accept that argument . 
  they tend to have a thing against creative interpretations . 
  i am not that optimist , so i am just waiting for spd to self-destruct . 
  because it 's shit ? 
  we 'll also have a huge bump in the 2nd half of 2016 because of that law, 
  the percentage of rapes being done by total strangers in sweden is the highest in europe . 
  you can also kill people if no one reports it . 
  or do you have the same rule we do with parents ? 
  but they are easy to follow . . 
  please keep in mind that de maiziere is referring to both the burqa and the niqab . 
  heavily-turkish neighborhoods are also pretty ok in general . 
  you see women with headscarves , but it 's mostly those bright , floral ones , not the depressing black ones . 
  i did n't criticize her , i criticized those that want her to be the one to single-handedly decide . 
  and they can afford to be like that , the chancellor should not have half of the population hating her, 
  mass surveillance as in video-cameras , or as in tapping people up ? 
  a patriot act , of course . 
  i ca n't wait either, 
  exactly . 
  the interior ministry . 
  not merkel . 
  yes , it was . 
  american secret services have saved our ass numerous times . 
  same for mossad and turkish secret services . 
  in times like this , you have to work with whatever you have , you do n't get to pick and choose allies . 
  at that particular moment , maybe , and that was just because of that dutch plane . 
  but right now ?
