  he 's the best option france has . 
  he 's better than le pen , sarkozy or hollande , by quite a distance . 
  he was arrested at some point . 
  in romania , someone who was in jail on election day was elected as a mayor . 
  but we did n't want to share a currency with italy , spain , portugal and greece ... as for sch\u00e4uble : this is an old link , he repeated the same things last week and i am too lazy to search for an english source for that ( plus , i have to go out for the match ) . 
  this is from may , and it 's a pretty reliable source . 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac187312-12cf-11e6-839f-2922947098f0.html basically : qe weakens the currency . 
  we are against qe , * because * it weakens the currency , and our entire banking & insurance system is built on the assumption of a strong currency . 
  the main problem people have with the euro is its perceived weakness . 
  we are pushing for a strong euro . 
  spain and italt are pushing for a weak euro . 
  i like his public persona . 
  he 's not a `` bam boom hurr durr build a wall '' kind of guy . 
  my government is pushing for a strong currency as we speak . 
  sch\u00e4uble talked about that again last week . 
  that 's why my government did n't want greece ( or italy , or spain , or portugal ) in the euro . 
  dunno if you 're noticed , but eu is build on the geman-french . 
  the problem in the last years is that france took a nap . 
  we do n't want a `` weak euro '' . 
  draghi wants a weak euro . 
  we want a strong euro . 
  we 've * always * wanted a strong currency . 
  but juppe , a federalist , hopefully will . 
  the day euro stops being euro is the day i will become eurosceptic . 
  not voting the eurosceptic party ahead of the party that was led by tusk would be a better choice for european integration , you know . 
  so wait . 
  i am reading the comments . 
  you do n't want eu officials to have power because they 're unelected and you find that undemocratic . 
  so , no power to eu institutions you shout for national sovereignity , so the power goes back to national governments . 
  usually , germany & france push the rest of eu into a common strategy , but then we 're nazis . 
  or , everyone does whatever the fuck he wants to do and nothing ever gets done and then eu is an inefficient structure . 
  you also agree that we ca n't compete with the us , russia , china , etc. 
  you agree that 21th century problems have to be addressed collectively . 
  what do you want ? 
  make up your mind for god 's sake . 
  i wish . 
  nope , not a chance the boss allows anyone to dress stylishly ever again . 
  i know . 
  however , it was not the right moment . 
  simple as that . 
  now he can give him a closet tour , but back then , it was ugly . 
  and i also know about merkel , but i like say below , i genuinely hope he can be her counterweight , and attacking people on facebook means this part of europe wo n't take him seriously . 
  same for us . 
  do you think eastern countres are helping us ? 
  we 're just hurt by the sanctions . 
  however , our girl is not asking for reductions on tv , behind the back of other eu leaders . 
  i guess i 've read another article on the same topic , and mixed the two . 
  my bad . 
  it 's what the continent has thought of you for years . 
  but now that you chose to go out , we chose to kick out all those british mannerisms and talk honestly . 
  your referendum was predictable though . 
  a serbian colleague told me you 're going for a referendum the day it was announced, 
  like ... madrid or dublin , exactly what the article says ? 
  it is when the 1/3 of czech and romanian exports come to germany . 
  there 's a difference between invisible stock trade money , and being employed in a factory that produces mercedes benz parts . 
  it was a gesture of `` i got your back '' in the worst possible moment . 
  he can send him a fiat panda right now for all i care . 
  back then it was stupid . 
  as for mogherini - her stance on russia , and her lack of experience . 
  that 's why he said it now , and not a year ago . 
  sch\u00e4uble is n't against a welfare state . 
  there has been no reduction in our welfare programs in a looong time . 
  angie needs no eu officials, 
  well , they should know something about independence referendums . 
  that would be literally the cutest thing ever for the eu . 
  it would even beat tusk preparing merkel 's coffee . 
  as in tradition, 
  how will he get a common market without free movement ? 
  he can get that point-based system , draw it in a piece of paper and hang it on king 's cross 9\u00a03/4 for all i care . 
  and we get to be the nazis again how beautiful . 
  what an idiot cunt johnson is . 
  serbia had two wars in the ' 90 , you did n't . 
  wars tend to ... distribute weapons to people . 
  that 's not your banks fault though . 
  that 's on draghi . 
  what i do n't like about him : 1 . 
  throwing tantrums inside the eu . 
  that stupid tie gift for tsipras when tsipras was basically trying to blackmail the eu . 
  talking about problems is fine . 
  personally attacking merkel , juncker & hollande in middle of berlin is n't . 
  attacking merkel on facebook is n't cool . 
  he 's not 15 for god 's sake . 
  i do n't like this new twitter-and-snapchat public persona trend . 
  he kind of strengthened his own powers through debatably unconstitutional means 4 . 
  the bundesrat model works for us . 
  will it work for a country with a deep north-south divide ? 
  let 's see 5 . 
  he pushed for mogherini , and he 's pushing for a reduction in sanctions for russia . 
  he would kill all other important figures inside his party if he could . 
  he 's as power-hungry as it gets , and that 's not good , esp . 
  for a country with less checks-and-balance like italy . 
  otherwise , what i like about the guy 1 . 
  his economic reforms were actually badly-needed for italy 2 . 
  he cares for the eu . 
  he 's moved on from the tantrums now , and he wants to push for reforms , and he has no problem talking about those openly . 
  he 's probably the only eu leader doing that . 
  in times when cameron has been a joke for too long , spain is ... doing spanish things , and france is battling the prospect of le pen , terrorism , strikes and 10 % unemployment , he actually provides a nice counterweight to merkel , which is way too important for the eu . 
  if he actually does his job right , and does n't base things on feelings , merkel-renzi can actually work as well as merkel-sarkozy did . 
  if merkel could build a relationship with obama , she can do the same for renzi . 
  and what could possibly go wrong in a grand coalition of germans & italians .
