  schultz has to . 
   apparently on being split in regards to the refugee-crisis cdu & csu are split on the upper limit issue , and that split remains so and will for the rest of the year . 
  you are correct , and the csu position is pro it while the cdu position is against it . 
   doppelte staatsb\u00fcrgerschaft merkel is perfectly clear on being against that stupid sentence added to the document by spahn . 
  merkel was pro-double citizenship in 1999 , when it was a more controversial issue . 
  but yes , the official position of the cdu is that they will insist the law to be rolled back to how it was pre-2014 ( so , until 21 years & then you choose ) . 
  a position i personally agree with , but i know wo n't happen as no coalition partner would agree . 
  and yes , of course csu is against double citizenship . 
  have a hug from one of the red regions , 
  he does n't want rrg , and voting for csu ( for merkel ) is the one sure way to make sure rrg does n't happen . 
  red-red-green government  aka schultz for chancellor . 
  which kid ? 
  america * is * our kid . 
  dude , you 're talking to a german flag , and / u/marktplatz is from the south . 
  we ai n't got no 2009 crisis down here . 
   poland , bulgaria , romania , czechia , ah yes , the four proud ez members propping out the ez growth w/o using the euro . 
  us , eu , and the entire developed world bar germany & denmark ( only for national numbers , hence why our government 's unemployment rates are higher ) use the exact same definition, 
   pro-cyclical fiscal policy . 
  which leaves us less prepared for future crisis . 
  the whole point of pro-cyclical fiscal policy is that you 're prepared for the future crisis . 
   ou have actually rediscovered by yourself one of the problems of fixed exchange rates which is quite frankly impressive . 
  if you 're talking about the one about the cb being unable to have autonomous monetary policy , you picked the wrong example . 
  denmark or bulgaria would be the correct illustrations . 
  `` banks do n't need money to issue credit '' * is * a 101 and 102 macro book sentence, 
   greece need to get an okay budget , followed by freedom to fuck up or get their country in shape . 
  they had decades for that . 
  * decades * it 's not a matter of greeks fucking up their country . 
  that 's perfectly fine by me - their country , their choices , their problem . 
  my problem is with structural problems in greece ( and elsewhere ) fucking up the entire continent . 
  my currency , their choices , my problem . 
  thing is , we got the money & made sth out of it , and that sth ended up being the best region to live in the eu . 
  berlin got the money and is currently . . oh well . 
  berlin is like 3 million people in a country of 80 million italy + spain + greece + portugal are 130 million people in an union of 350 million it 's a whole different order of magnitude source : bavarian who complains about berlin being incapable of growing up 24 hours a day . 
  yes , that 's correct , but we ca n't exactly blow up the rule of law just to get some wind from the north to the south, 
  portugal italy italy ( the south ) greece spain we did it reddit !, 
  i have problems with merkel 's approach to the refugee crisis too . 
  the long-term , daily r/europe users should remember the time i was saying i 'm voting fdp , or even that i might slip & go for afd ( ok , i only said that once , in jan 2016 ) . 
  but shit changed , she got the situation under control with the turkey deal , and then brexit , and trump , and in crazy times , i think merkel is our best option . 
  so as someone in your position , let me remind you : rrg will be worse on immigration . 
  rrg will be worse on security . 
  rrg tax policies will be worse . 
  rrg approach to russia will be worse . 
  and if you 're voting for schulz ( someone i can completely understand & wo n't judge people for , schulz is a good man and would make a decent chancellor ) , you 're voting for rrg . 
  if you ca n't bring yourself to vote for merkel again , i understand your logic . 
  then vote for fdp . 
  at least this way you know die linke wo n't be in government from your vote . 
  it fucking worked . 
  i think one of the reasons we insisted on austerity is because we saw some of our eastern neighbors build themselves up from ground zero , and we assumed the south would do the same . 
  you 're making such an argument when her best line in 2013 was `` you know me '' . 
  because she 's been around for a while & she 's saying `` i 'll do what i 've done '' . 
  schulz is saying he 'll change everything without explaining what and how . 
  and while cdu has not started campaigning , i 'm clearer on what they 'll campaign on and promise , while i 'm unclear about schultz while he 's been touring the country . 
  if he mentions eurobonds , i 'll start going around singing die bayernhymne to celebrate . 
  hold your nose and vote csu . 
  a vote for csu is a vote for a merkel government , and anything else is a vote for rrg . 
  yes , even staying at home . 
  if anyone needs ours , i can help . 
  i will volunteer during summer anyway , 
  merkel losing ( unlikely ) would mean a rrg government . 
  bad for us , but the rest of europe has nothing to worry about & schulz is a good guy . 
  i think he was referring to local elections , when her party got embarrassingly crushed despite being in the best position they 've ever been, 
  i also see a couple of hesse regions in red, 
  why the fuck would someone boycott this kids , get out & vote . 
  and grab your grandma and your friends and your neighbor and try to convince them for a `` no '', 
  welcome to 2016/7 top runners . 
  anyone from france willing to tl ; dr me on it & on whether there 's anything new ? 
  hopefully someone who both wo n't vote for her & does n't think she 's satan ? 
  edit : a special tax for tax-evading companies ? 
  how 's that even supposed to work ? 
  so much r&d spending the system could n't process it ? 
  a man can dream . . 
  flattening the curve does n't mean making it flatter : it means making it linear all the way , instead of the slope of the line changing in a cutoff . 
  i agree , that phrase was a mistake . 
  i would be the first to bash merkel if she ever used it for her citizens . 
  but i 'm just a redditor who finds trump deplorable & will us it as much as i can , and even put it in bold . 
   so that would definitely help high-income-workers , not the low income people . 
  you can not flatten the curve without increasing the level paying the top rate . 
   up the threshold for tax-free income significantly . 
  maybe 15.000 $ per year i can fully get behind this , but only this . 
   cut debts in times of negative rates , that would be stupid . 
   the really low income people won \u00b4 t profite much from tax cuts , the difference is tiny . 
  cutting income taxes helps richer people though . 
  if you check mit 's proposal , you 'd see that 's completely incorrect . 
  we 'd basically have one continuos graph instead of the two-part cutoff we have right now , and that affects only low-incomes . 
  increasing tax-free allowance for children for example has the same effect , and helps families . 
  i referred to the post-turkey deal since , you know , that 's the important thing . 
  commenting january 2016 numbers is same as commenting on october 2015 numbers : the situation was out of the control and bad , and we know that . 
  no  cdu was polling 7 pp above spd when elections were announced . 
  it was merkel 's horrendous campaigning that made it so close . 
   lowering taxes would have little effect on the economy if you lower taxes for low-income people , all of it goes into consumption . 
  berlin ? 
  and the left blocked maghreb countries ' classification as safe countries of origin . 
  that 's on spd , the green party does n't single-handedly control the bundesrat . 
  i said post-turkey deal , which is around 150.000 , which is a completely manageable number . 
  yeaap , everyone had big plans if sigmar was running . 
  i was dreaming about getting 40 % . 
  now 35 % will be a success . 
  that 's how you get the first one-party government in the first time in our modern history . 
  how is lowering taxes not sound ? 
  we have the highest wedge in the whole wold while having one of the highest , if not the highest , budget surplus in the world,
