  we 're not hungary mate , someone 's got ta play the grownup in a kindergarten . 
   if i would say i want an immigrazion policy similar to the us or canada , , or if i would want less big government and regulation , that is too right wing for our established parties . 
  ( i 'm not saying those are good ideas , its just an example ) increasing skilled immigration while decreasing low-skilled immigration , less government and less regulation is basically `` fdp for dummies '' you have a vote , and you have a party that represents your views and wishes perfectly . 
  then go ahead and vote for fdp . 
  what he means is that we legally have a `` protective '' democracy , which in `` dump terms '' means elements threatening the democratic order may be banned even if the majority of the people agrees with them, 
  why ? 
  germany is my country you know . 
   bilds that explains it  trail * trial  a lot of comments are like this : `` we need someone like trump that removes the scum out of our country '' and stuff like this . 
  horrible . 
  yeah , but this is n't the us . 
  i 'm one of the many who will hold our nose and vote for cdu ( in my case , csu ) . 
  and many more will vote for spd , die gr\u00fcne , die linke , fdp . 
  we do n't want fascists in power . 
  not again . 
  that 's all . 
   csu and the green fundi ( fundamentalist/left ) what does fdp have to do with my party & the green nutjobs being generally childish at dealing with each-other ? 
   sorry but that 's what a hollywood education will do to you . 
  exactly, 
  and emails !!!, 
  but that 's the bad thing about the internet : a country 's `` scum '' ( ca n't find the right word in english right so i apologize for the term ) spends the whole day writing bullshit there . 
  yes !, 
  count me ~ ~ in ~ ~ out, 
   generational guilt or guilt by association wtf  revisionism god save us and the rest of the continent from the day we decide to normalise our past  guilt regime what ? 
   an evil genetically bred into germans and german culture . 
  that 's a pretty nazi thing to say of her, 
  yes please . 
  no , suggesting memorials should be removed is n't illegal , let alone ground for arrest, 
  of course . 
  but if the ubs boss chooses frankfurt , he wo n't care if the french will be pissed off or not . 
  germany ca n't tell ubs `` no you ca n't come here , you fuck off to paris , now ! '', 
  & the great state of hessen can not forbid the from establishing their offices in frankfurt via any legal means . 
   `` the germans are the only people in the world to plant a monument of disgrace in their capital , '' says the afd man contemptuously about the holocaust memorial in the center of berlin . 
  that 's something to be proud about you cunt . 
  you mean on the internet ? 
  i read a lot of untrue bullshit about my country here , people talking about sth that actually has happened is n't that bad . 
  no one has blamed me personally and i do n't feel guilty for what happened , because not even my parents were born at that moment of time , so wtf do i as an individual have to do with it ? 
  but the holocaust is one of the central parts of our history , and of course we have a national responsibility to make sure we do n't do the same shit again . 
  i wo n't forget about the atrocities my country committed just because it 's my country . 
  if anything , i feel it 's natural ( hell , even patriotic if you want ) to know the atrocities committed in germany better than , say , what the japanese did . 
   i also think this is better for the sake of political stability in the eu . 
  giving more power to the germans might make the french feel insecure . 
  but france ( or germany for that matter ) does n't get to decide where a bunch of bankers will establish their hqs . 
  no , they are not . 
  enclaves are encircled by ethnic albanians , and some of them are right at the kosovo-albania border . 
  no , we do n't want a pro-russian french president , but if he 's running against a racist pro-russian person . . 
  a. i just saw this on twitter at one of our journalists , the rest of the day was spent at work/looking at may speech . 
  the finding is * huge * . 
  it 'll allow the trial to go on and hopefully at some point in the next years we 'll understand wtf happened , especially regarding state agent involvement & the circumstances of the guys ' apparent suicide c. i slightly altered the title to make sure the important fact is present without clicking the link . 
  redditors are lazy af . 
   i very much doubt half a million people of that calibre are entering the uk every year . 
  no , i was referring to all eu citizens currently working there . 
  with city employees on top . 
  i have a spare couch and i make a great bolognese sauce . 
   at it 's doorstep too . 
  that does n't even begin to describe it . 
  you can literally walk from zeil ( big shopping street in central frankfurt ) to the airport . 
  frankfurt is a no-brainer when it comes to transport . 
  it 's within commuting distance from the geographical epicentre of the eu , has train connections to pretty much every relevant city , and an amazing , giant airport that you can walk to from the city centre . 
   if they have enough skills to qualify for `` brain drain '' they wo n't have any problem getting their work place to sponsor their immigration / residency . 
  but may says she 'll cap immigration . 
  unless the cap will be at half a million people per year , ca n't see how everyone who 'd be counted as a `` brain drain '' would get his visa . 
  remember , city of london comes first . 
  little kuba from poland who works as a nurse comes last , so he 'll just move to my little town . 
  yay !, 
  spain is n't uk mate . 
  but you also see spaniards yelling all over german cities in spanish , so that argument does n't stand , as we tend to love both spaniards and czechs . 
  britain imports is a net veggie importer from the eu , but they can get their hamburgers from the big brother across the atlantic and become even more obese than them . 
  merkel would n't have a speech at all . 
  she would have read a billion studies since the referendum was announced until april , had a plan how to become pm post-referendum if brexit won , sat down in april 2016 and decided what she would do if brexit won . 
  then in october 2016 she would go to some tiny radio station in wuppertal & communicate her decision . 
  and of course most of r/europe members prefer him to fillon ( pro-business ) or le pen ( too anti-eu , oo anti-immigration even for r/europe ), 
  she has 7 kids and rich parents . 
  that 's about it . 
  but i 'd rather have my sovereignty violated by brussels ' banana regulations , than by chinese/qatari takeovers of critical infrastructure, 
  you want me to link all murders committed by serbs in germany ? 
  that 'll take a while honey, 
  25 % are albanians . 
  they are not the main ethnicity , which i talked about . 
   macedonia it 's incorrect . 
  both sides have engaged in ethnic violence there . 
   isis correct, 
   which was indirectly orchestrated by the albanian government . 
  source ? 
  for same reason people leave poland : money . 
  and poland is such an adorable place that i love to go to . 
  because there 's a multiethnic country like bosnia where people tried to commit genocide in 1995 and got away with it , and may want to partition the country now . 
  there 's a multiethnic country like macedonia where 1/3 or sth of the country are minorities & that has seen ethnic violence as late as 2014 . 
  then there are albanian minorities in montenegro and serbia . 
  then there are a bunch of other tiny minorities everywhere . 
  what the hell will happen , will they have to divide every village ? 
  i agree that people should have a right to self determination , but where is the line drawn ? 
   today our republic stands tall like a proud falcon perched on the jagged peaks of the dinaric alps in spite of the seething rage of our enemies . 
  it 's poor and corrupted af , but is n't that the story all around ? 
  you ca n't say sending troops to countries for being poor is correct . 
  kosovo has been more stable than macedonia for example . 
  there 's been no violence in a long time , while macedonia has seen everything from violent riots , execution-style murders , police raids with a dozen people killed , kids below the age of 10 being beaten up for being the wrong ethnicity , etc * in the last five years only *, 
  and many serbs have shot people over drugs in germany . 
  the last case was a week ago . 
  this does n't change the fact that the vast majority of serbs are nice people . 
  that terrorist had been in germany for twenty years .
