  france is an adorable country , but they are * not * our mum . 
  i want to kiss steinmeier after having to watch westerwelle as foreign minister, 
  it 's not hilarious, 
  it is bad to not want criminals in your city ? 
  it is bad to oppose ttip ? 
  france is our * mum * ? 
  has the author lived under a rock for the last decade or what , since when teens take care of their mum and half of the continent ? 
  it 's our mistake for finding it `` offensive '' when the * majority * of muslims in our country want to see concentration camps for jews in 2016 ? 
  pegida marches are like barbecues ? 
  nude saunas and nice gardens are bad ? 
  the `` idyllic '' state of mind was not a french gift . 
  a strong economy and a safe society were created here , inside our borders ( with the helps of immigrants and the marshall plan , ofcourse ) . 
  `` excusez-moi , silvous-plait '' for not wanting to see it `` shattered '' in the three late months of 2015 . 
  what a clown, 
  is it racist to say that turks are turkish ? 
  bucharest is not a third-world shithole bernie . 
  - . - and internet there is faster than where i live :') but hey , i am pretty sure there are countries in civil war that have faster internet that us - . - ', 
  niiiice . 
  now i see what you wanted in ingolstadt :p, 
  ok that 's good . 
  i do n't think it has ever taken me less than 3 hours . 
  what do you drive ? 
  they fit in seamlessly with the immigrants so they 're not counted, 
  hey we have automatic shift cars too !, 
  my brother and his wife both have automatic mercedes . 
  i 've done that exact road for 45 minutes . 
  i win :'), 
  you guys are weird . 
  i mean , they have a lot of staff in those - stan countries . 
  berlin may be a mess , but compared to say turkmenistan or whatever , it 's paradise . 
  yes he is pro-drugs ( if you can call it that ) , but it does n't matter . 
  it 's meth - if he 's addicted , i am sorry for the guy . 
  i do n't personally like him , but meth is * bad *, 
  and swabians too , because logic, 
  it 's also bad for workers mobility because a teacher qualified in say , nrw , will be `` discriminated against '' in bavaria . 
  no , but then at least you 'd be able to move from leipzig to munich without needing a private tutor because two states decided to have different curriculums . 
  i remember reading sth about how the german states have more differences in their school system than american states . 
  you 're talking about our dual vocational system , which is really good and yes , the rest of the world could do well to copy it . 
  i am referring to sth else . 
  you know how the basics of our school system is three pillared yes ? 
  so from elementary school you went to one of the three schools , ranked according to academic skills . 
  that 's decided when the kid is 10 ( you can technically move up later , but it 's a different process ) . 
  all is fine and good . 
  the problem is that , normally , kids with rich or at least well-educated parents would end up in gymnasium ( the `` high-class '' school ) , while kids from families with poor income , single parents ended up in hauptschule ( the `` low-class '' school ) . 
  another huge issue is how heavily overrepresented turkish immigrants are in the `` third class '' . 
  so some states decided to go for a `` gesamtschule '' that took everyone in the lowest two-schools , but some states operated only with two systems ( gymnasium + gesamtschule ) and some with all four , which created another mess and uncertainty . 
  the other issue is that , like you might have understood from the paragraph above , states have the rights when it comes to schools so there are big differences between different states ( for example , elementary school lasts 6 years in 2 states and 4 in the rest ) , there are different curriculums , etc. 
  a family moving from leipzig to munich faces problems with their kids . 
  another problem is underfunding or rather , non-effective management of funds . 
  we have to sit down and decide on a national school system ( and that would be unconstitutional ) , then engage in a debate about why the fuck our kids with turkish parents underperform so much ( which would be so un-pc and sensitive that the debates would be painful ) , then talk about how we need more funds ( which will make schaeuble kill someone ) , then convince people things could change ( which will make the outright majority respond with `` why ? 
  it works !, 
  '' ) , then talk about how a uni diploma is being more and more demanded even for professions that in the past did n't need one ( which would turn into a national bashing against big companies ) , then discuss the possibility of affirmative action ( which would be heavily rejected ) . 
  our education is n't bad , it 's one of the best in the world if you sit down and study , but it is a mess that has to worked out . 
  but you are all immigrants :p i mean , it 's quite easy to call someone american when they 're born in america even if their parents come from abroad , if you call yourself american if your grandparents were born in another country i live in the same town my grand-grandparents were born in . 
  same exact tone . 
  do n't tell me i have the same connection to the city i live in as a kid born to a mother who came here after the greek economy went downhill . 
  yes , because israel should really , really shelter millions of people who want to see it disappear from the face of the earth . 
  that would * really * make sense . 
  i mean thanks , but ... we 're in some deeeeep shit, 
  drunken races , yayyy !, 
  only switzerland can be swiss . 
  we tried to be swiss and failed catastrophically, 
  refugees/immigrants start having babies for god 's sake !!!!, 
  and our education system is practically a mess and has been so since reunification, 
  getting nice-paying jobs . 
  gettimg a job is pretty easy nowadays , just good luck keeping yourself afloat with our depressing net income . 
  someone call seehofer and tell him to subsidize vat for all beers produced here now !, 
  you ca n't have your cake , shit on it & then eat it, 
   1 . almost openly fascist government what ? 
  why ? 
  your pm looked like a cool guy on tv, 
  no , you 're cute . 
  we want you . 
  you again ? 
  turkey is as safe as russia . 
  we do n't take millions refugees from russia . 
  you know we 're practically the only ones who are at least pretending to care about you right ? 
  so , swedish welfare system is better than ours , which is exactly what i said . 
  a french gay couple married in france and living in germany are not a married couple in the eyes of german law . 
  they are a two halves of a `` civil union '' . 
  why is this so hard to understand ? 
  until the tax benefits were universalized , gay couples did not get tax breaks in germany , regardless of their citizenship and their place of celebration . 
  a french gay couple can not jointly adopt in germany , regardless of their citizenship and place of celebration . 
  however , this debate goes even beyond that . 
  children getting married is not simply against our law for marriage ( like the gay abovementioned couple ) . 
  it 's also against our constitution , every international treaty we 've ratified , the whole spirit of our child protection laws . 
  it 's not an administrative issue ( like gay marriage ) with loopholes , it 's a humanitarian issue about child-protection . 
  really ? 
  how come ? 
  feel free to provide a source that rebuts my point . 
  i 'm saying this because i heard something about it from a spanish girl at work , who is friends with a lesbian couple from her city who might want to move here and had researched this and concluded what i said . 
  no , it 's not `` basically wrong '' . 
  when in rome , do as romans do . 
   in germany , a gay couple married abroad are registered as a civil union and have the exact same status a german gay couple has . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_europe#national_level here you go . 
  the only eu country to recognize foreign gay marriages without legalizing domestic gay marriages is malta . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  if you are gay and you have a husband and you 're married legally to him in say , france , and you move to poland , poland does not give a flying fuck if you 're married or not . 
  you will be treated like two separate individuals that just happen to live together . 
  you get no tax benefits .
