  totally forgot about them, 
  you ca n't jail people for having an aura of bad feelings, 
  that 's the point, 
  no , thank you very much . 
  nothing nice about having a whole city on lockdown because a bunch of politicians decide to meet up and talk without saying anything . 
  how did the french manage to stall through the euros ? 
  like ... the fuck ? 
  hey , at least you do n't have floods in june and july, 
  ours say 5,9 % eurostat use the same system for every country, 
  didn `` t see that part , sotry, 
  and in any given moment, 
  do n't they also have elections now ? 
  it literally is n't . 
  trust me , we tried, 
  but those are not clickbaity , and take time to read . 
  better dedicate thirty seconds , read the title & post an idiotic comment, 
  less than 50 % have citizenship , and they 've been here for decades, 
  and pro-tip : that does not mean you should try to take a picture of them . 
  do not do that . 
  but they are not bundespolizei itself . 
  they are a unit , a highly specific one , it would be a military unit everywhere else it 's just that we have lengthy procedures for that so we came up with this loophole . 
  i think it 's just my english being too bad . 
  there 's `` wait for 2pm , ring the doorbell , wait for the owner to open the door , get in , get stuff , thank the owner , get out '' raid and there 's `` 400 men with machine guns storming the building '' raid . 
  i 'd say raf was a `` bigger '' organisation in itself , but nsu is on a different scale because of how long they got away with it . 
  is n't `` religious expression '' more protected anti-semitic shit in germany ? 
  i understand how calling for war is not legally protected , but in general , if you say a in a religious context and say a in a non-religious context , it 's harder to prosecute a said in a religious context . 
  we learned that in school . 
  or maybe just my teacher was too stereotypically bavarian & lied to us . 
  gsg9 = !, 
  bundespolizei gsg 9 are a separate unit , bundespolizei is ... the federal police , the guys who answer to de maiziere and guard railways , airports , all those things , and get `` invited '' when they need more bodies . 
  germany babe . 
  our mass shooters use `` sie '' . 
  i 'd bet my ass they respected fire safety laws , if only to make sure they do n't get fined for that . 
  plus , inspectors come in , check doors , notice sth weird inside the center , contact the police ... not a good idea , not a good idea . 
  gsg 9 does n't get called in for a simple raid . 
  sek are well-trained for this , i ca n't remember incidents , no need to call in the big guys . 
  ouch . 
  did they ask people to stay indoors or sth or just stormed in like usually ? 
  well , we do n't arrest people for helping ypg or ursula would be in jail, 
  and also all those wars in morocco , albania & pakistan . 
  i answered because you said `` why should she change it '' because `` there are hardly any refugees '' . 
  that 's wrong , and that 's before we discuss why deportations in a couple of states ( for example , fucking bavaria ) have gone down, 
  there were 16000 arrivals in june . 
  perfectly manageable , but far away from 0 . 
  anyone else watched the full pk ? 
  identity confusion ? 
  does n't she have a mirror ? 
  dunno about sweden , but almost perfectly integrated here , and it has n't made them whiter . 
  if he does n't think it 's important , why should we ? 
  who am i to tell him he 's not german ? 
  no , he does not meet every criteria for a neo-nazi . 
  kids think stupid shit all the time . 
  let 's infiltrate a rw group so much that we ca n't close it because there are more infilitratees than regular members oh wait . 
  i just said that it is the right way to go , so i do n't get your point . 
  but re is supposed to be in the hands of the religious community . 
  i can recognize turks almost unmistakably , and i can sure recognize a roma person unmistakably , and that 's without mentioning the facebook account thing . 
  he murdered 9 `` immigrants '' though, 
  weed is not a constitutional right though, 
  my country is fine , thank you for asking and caring, 
  he speaks clear hochdeutsch without any accent , and i ca n't do that to save a life . 
  7/9 of his victims were only foreign citizens , the other two had double citizenship, 
  no , they were not arabs . 
  they are iranians , and probably have german citizenship too, 
  by that video ? 
  we do n't know anything about the victims other than their non-german passport . 
  if the police check my reddit comment history , they would probably come up with similar shit . 
  we should make it a mission to post everything that happens in germany and then upvote it to the first page murders , attempted murders , rapes , attempted rapes , suicides , car accidents , people arrested for shoplifting , fights during football matches , protests , cultural events , pks , jokes in the bundestag . 
  why are you calling a shia german citizen an arab ? 
  got ta wait for another 6 years for a german shooting , fuck this shit, 
  8/9 victims are sunnis . 
  he apparently had planned it for a week , visited winnenden and all that . 
  we do n't know what made him take that decision . 
  i do n't use steam stuff ... and the fuck , `` gottgleicher deutscher '' , are you fucking kidding me, 
  yes , one week . 
  meta comments in that thread of that nutjob who stabbed those french girls . 
  think it like that than : back then , you were a kid right ? 
  i am sure you did some pretty fucked up shit , we all did . 
  and say at some point you had a knife fight with a bunch of german-turks because , let 's say , they robbed you or whatever . 
  what would make more sense , to report `` a right winger stabbed a turk '' or `` a robbed teen stabbed his robber '' ? 
  we should not fall for this stupidity . 
  we either call the reutlinger thing an islamist attack & this one a neo-nazi attack , or we call that man-stabs-woman-because-love and this one guy-goes-nuts-and-kill-people . 
   first of all it would allow us to control what is actually thought . 
  that could be bordering on slightly anti-constitutional though ( although it 's debatable , and definitely the right way to go for all non-major religions ) . 
  how much control does the state have towards what my teacher taught me in catholic classes ? 
  because it is not a neo-nazi attack . 
  yes , its perpetrator * could have been * a rw extremist , but the reason beyond the rampage ( unlike breivik ) was not his neo-nazi beliefs , but his fucked up mind . 
  edit : wait , you 're the ex-neo-nazi that talked about it here when i was banned for meta comments ? 
  sorry for asking . 
  and then will continue, 
  he was not an immigrant . 
  if he 's born here , has german citizenship , speaks better german than me and self-identifies as a german , he 's as german as i am . 
  do n't blame isis if i go nuts one day and behead a woman . 
  and that has literally nothing to do with this debate as the us is not part of eu, 
  and nsu did n't target you unless you were a turkish kebab shop owner , and i guess that 's why r/europe has ignored all the crazy things accompanying that trial . 
  terrorism is terrorism . 
  the 1st option is interesting : who 's the guy ? 
  what did those instructions contain ? 
  the 3rd is * incredibly important * . 
  probably the most important clue in the present history of islamist terrorism in germany the rest have already been reported . 
  die welt says some die linke mp asked for him to stay because `` he was beaten in bulgaria '',
