  mate , we got ta fade your flairs . 
  nope . 
  for example i have a friend who works in insurance , and he 's been in england for five years now . 
  sometimes he just can not come up with the correct german term on his field , but he remembers the one in english . 
  we , netherlands , austria , poland & czech republic in one army will be sth i 'll tell my grandkids about . 
  `` and then my sweethearts , they fell for it !, 
  hon hon hon '', 
  hey , it 's not boring at least . 
  i suggest a catfight between altmaier & ursula . 
  the winner gets the chancellery . 
  our transcripts ? 
  i 'd rather re-read our vat rules for the 127th time , thankyouverymuch, 
  lately ? 
  this . 
  while bashing germany people tend to forget about what varoufakis said , how spain & portugal fought tooth & nail against greek debt relief . 
  they tend to forget what ft reported about `` anti-greek , racist remarks '' from the slovakian or finnish pm . 
  they tend to forget that the baltics & v4 would rather let greece explode than pay ... because for god 's sake they know what it means to `` pull up your own bootstraps '' . 
  they did that two decades ago and made huge sacrifices , and they 're now decent & responsible economies . 
  granted ... but how about an interesting parliament with common sense ? 
  it ca n't be * that * difficult ... right ? 
  our parliament is so boring i would fall asleep if i tried to watch full sessions, 
  selective memory ? 
  did you select to forget reunification ? 
  did you select to forget that there was no food in eastern germany back then ? 
  no businesses ? 
  no sufficient medicines ? 
  no infrastructure ? 
  did you select to forget the terrible state this economy was in from the early '90 to mid-2005 ? 
  did you select to forget schr\u00f6der destroying the welfare state ? 
  do you select to forget tax increases ? 
  it 's selective memory when people shout `` germoney rich hurr durr '' , because the implication is that we somehow accidentally ran into a bundle of money . 
  it 's even worse when german `` millenials '' do it , because then it 's not selective memory , it 's fucking amnesia . 
  god , stop worrying about our cars . 
  we are producing below demand , we 'll be fine . 
  can she physically shout ? 
  the rule is < 3 % , not 2 % -4 % . 
  juncker should have never uttered those words , simple as that . 
  she did n't `` throw a gauntlet '' , she is repeating what the single market means , and she 's done it at least twelve times in the last two years . 
  your elites are not a capable bunch if they managed to get themselves into this mess, 
  we either try to help and get another round of `` nazis !!! '', 
  and pis gains more popularity , or we try to stay as close as possible to beata & co and keep communication open with `` moderate '' voices there, 
  food safety , doctors & firefighters should be privatized ? 
  lol . 
  in tirana girls were mainly with miniskirts and boobs hanging out . 
  if they are religious , they know how to keep their religion hidden . 
  they already have high unemployment , why would they need more immigrants right now if there are no jobs for them ? 
   excessively small and family-run companies how ? 
  those are the reason we have a robust economy here . 
  bla bla bla if it was under our control they would n't try to bankrupt our entire insurance industry . 
  with her pledge to put worker representatives on the boards of big british companies , theresa may seems to be reaching for inspiration to germany . 
  the proposal sounds a lot like mitbestimmung , or co-determination , a system of joint decision-making between employer and employee that has become a defining feature of german capitalism . 
  under german rules enacted 40 years ago last month , labour representatives hold half of the seats on the supervisory boards of any company with 2,000 or more workers . 
  mitbestimmung was a british invention . 
  it was introduced on a large scale by british occupying authorities in the postwar german coal and steel industry , to `` prevent it remilitarising '' , says markus roth , an authority on comparative corporate governance at the philipps-universit\u00e4t marburg . 
  experts say it played a critical role in the german wirtschaftswunder , or economic miracle , creating a model of labour relations based on consensus rather than confrontation . 
  it was also one of the reasons germany was able to avoid the industrial strife that paralysed britain 's economy in the 1970s . 
  mitbestimmung is supposed to make big companies more democratic by allowing information to pass more quickly from the shop floor to the c-suite , and ensuring a wider range of views are heard in the boardroom . 
  its virtues were manifested during the 2008-9 financial crisis , when companies placed thousands of employees in short-time work schemes . 
  `` it allowed them to hang on to their workers rather than fire them , '' says anke hassel , professor of public policy at the hertie school of governance . 
  `` that happened because of co-operative trade unions and works councils . '' but it has not been without its critics . 
  some experts say labour representatives can sometimes become too closely aligned with corporate interests and end up conniving with management at the expense of the workers . 
  works councils and labour reps at volkswagen , for example , did not help to uncover the carmaker 's diesel emissions scandal last year . 
  there have also been concerted efforts by some companies to evade the rules , either through outsourcing jobs or putting employees on temporary contracts , thereby bringing their workforce below the 2,000 threshold . 
  a german company can also become a societas europaea , or se , the corporate status created by the eu that makes them exempt from some german rules on workers ' rights . 
  stefan sell , a social scientist at the university of applied sciences in koblenz , said 800,000 employees of big companies have been deprived of their right to mitbestimmung through `` legal tricks '' . 
  there is also the problem of potential conflicts of interest -- for example , when a trade union representative on a company 's board is also involved in pay talks with management . 
  there is the case of frank bsirske , head of the ver.di service workers ' union , who came in for widespread criticism from shareholder groups after calling for a strike at lufthansa while serving as a member of the airline 's supervisory board . 
  in that respect , the mitbestimmung system in the netherlands might be a better model for the uk , mr roth says . 
  there , the workers sitting on boards are employees of other companies . 
  the same thing happened an hour away from my home four months ago . 
  god . 
  :( i hope all of the injured make it . 
  stay strong southern friend . 
  we did n't bomb anyone either . 
  well , not recently at least . 
  merkel is not aginst fta with * any * country , let alone uk, 
  yes , that 's what i made a difference between the two to explain why your reasoning ( `` mommies popping out babies for welfare '' ) does n't explain why people in some eastern regions have a lot of babies . 
  a serious , direct , military threat . 
  to address another thing you say above : the other guys talks about the need for a political discussion on what the role of bundeswehr is , and acc to you this paper presents it . 
  that paper is written by several ( well-trained & well-respected , do n't get me wrong ) bureaucrats . 
  the truth is what we need is an inclusive * political * public debate on what our army is supposed to do . 
  julia is really good-looking though . 
  not pretty , but good enough for a politician . 
  she was a little chubby & changed her haircolor , but she used to look ok & she still looks ok . merkel has always been ugly . 
  does n't algeria have like a 2,2 birthrate or sth ? 
  na countries do n't have high birthrates compared to the rest of africa . 
  you do n't have an extensive social system, 
  but you have a child support system there . 
  most of balkans do n't . 
  do you seriously want an official statistic on birth rate by religion ? 
  what year is this , 1458 ? 
  an non-official number i 've heard is 2,2 on a european level . 
  i 'd guess it 's lower here , since our biggest muslim group are ethnic turks who have a below 2 growth rate back home . 
  50000 people , the vast majority of whom are men , from a totally different culture , in a country of 10 million that 's been in recesion for 6 consecutive years are not a problem ? 
  lol . 
  greece did n't bomb anyone , they were simply fucked by their geographic position, 
  the people were already coming to greece & italy waaaay before merkel opened her mouth on this . 
  both parents born in germany , legally speaking edit : wait , the article makes the difference on citizenship . 
  so it 's 1,42 for german citizens , or 1,47 for everyone born in the country . 
  the only rate reported by our media has been 1,41 ( or 1,42 in this case ),
