  i think the graph refers to high school dropouts . 
  those camps were german camps and we 're very happy that you have a free polish state . 
  if you want to send people to jail for semantics , fine . 
  but shut up with those conspiracy theories . 
  they make their own , and they 're cheap as fuck . 
  in albania , a 20-pack was 1,5 euros . 
  in kosovo , it 's even cheaper . 
  apparently the `` goodbye gift '' for german-kosovar immigrants is a huge collection of many packs . 
   4.5 % in germany god that 's very low . 
  i always assumed it was much higher because of our liberal stance towards it, 
  still funny though , 
  it 's a die linke leak , in the worst possible moment for the country . 
  it 's the kind of shit that can cost lives , but hey feel free to celebrate that `` erdogan is shit lol lol lol '', 
  wow , croatia . 
  and our number is very high . 
  not to mention , that turkish nutjob who ordered all official cars of his institution to have their brands covered because they were all german cars . 
  well , * someone * has to do it . 
  you might have not noticed , but they are kind of in the government . 
  i do n't love leaks made by idiotic bitches to undermine the government, 
  we do n't support pkk, 
  our interior ministry just released a statement saying the foreign ministry was not involved & it wo n't comment on the content since it 's confidential . 
  i 'll post the whole thing when i get home, 
  totally forgot about the idiotic bitch . 
  correct, 
  it 's not a press statement , it 's a `` leaked '' report . 
  but i ca n't understand why they leaked it . 
  ditib is not an extremist or radical muslim organization . 
  they 've distanced themselves from even the mildest forms of radicalism in germany , going as far as having two women top-executives ( whatever the term is ) . 
  i do n't need a wikipedia page to tell me what they 've done in my country - yes , some stuff they 've done are wrong and i personally despise ditib - but at the end of the day , it 's a muslim-turkish-bordering-on-nationalist organization , not a salafist one . 
  again , refer to the other thread . 
  because ditib is not a salafist organization . 
  they saw what happened in belgium , and they decided they could deal with ditib . 
  it 's a totally separate issue , i ca n't see how you make the connection between the two . 
  there 's another thread for ditib , read the comments . 
  it 's your reasoning that has brought us to the point of having a horrible infrastructure that looks nothing like a developed country . 
  same reasoning that has led to police cuts that create situations such as in k\u00f6ln or berlin . 
  same reasoning that has made our healthcare system decay  new companies the government does n't invest in new companies , and people wo n't invest in new companies if they have to pay half of what they earn to the state . 
  why would they ? 
   muslim brotherhood is n't recognized as a terrorist organization in any western country except russia  islamic parties and terrorist groups, 
  albanian , bosnian , those - stan governments , jordanian . . 
   confidential answer why do i feel like this is not a leak ? 
   hyperinflation and bankruptcy and no world war 2 . 
  so saving for world peace !, 
   again , what if he did n't build it because `` savings '' ? 
   greece gave money to the people through tax cuts ( or better let the people take tax cuts ) , that was tax evasion , not tax cuts . 
   employing a lot of people and giving the people high wages . 
  yes  all that would be similar to tax cuts . 
   while our economy is working great i do n't trust the stable part . 
  we have probably the single most stable non-oil economy in the world , but nevermind . 
  greece did n't invest their money , greece had the best pension system in the entire continent . 
  that 's not investment . 
  think about it : what if hitler had decided to wait to win ww2 before building the autobahn ? 
  both count as `` infrastructure investment '' , technically speaking . 
  at least on a federal level , i think both maintenance of new roads & maintenance are lumped in one big sum ( regarding plans for the next 15 years ) . 
  i am too lazy to check 32 different numbers from 16 different states . 
  which does n't change my point a little bit . 
  it 's been `` a disaster waiting to happen '' for three decades now . 
  the problem is that if you postpone investment , you end up having to pay more . 
  there are roads here that could easily be repaired with around 10 million euros , but due to austerity funds were cut . 
  now they need up to 50 million euros . 
  if we let our infrastructure crumble , we increase the cost for business and families in the short term , and increase budget costs in the long term . 
  you want to spend ten hours a week in a bottleneck as a commuter ? 
  those ten hours are lost productivity , increased stress , less time you can spend working or with your family or learning sth new . 
  maastricht was written in other times . 
  japan has n't exploded with over 200 % . 
  and keep in mind that the bundesbank would never allow anything fiscally irresponsible by the government , it 's not like we 'll suddenly go full greece . 
  again , we 're overtaxed , simple as that . 
  i pay 30 % of my gross income to the state , and do n't get much in return . 
  if i had to pay 20 % , i would spend that 10 % difference mainly here , increasing consumption , creating jobs and whatnot , and eventually flying it back to the state budget . 
  same for you and everyone else . 
  more like slavs can into germany, 
  but why * should * we reduce our total debt in times of negative rates ? 
  you should only check debt-to-gdp to analyze how manageable it , and it 's falling to 68 % this year . 
  these tax cuts will increase growth and in 2018 we 'd see a 65 % debt-to-gdp - the lowest of any big , developed country . 
  do you want to pay over 30 % of your income to the state ? 
  i do n't . 
  edit : i saw you mention vw and db . 
  if vw goes down , we 'll need to increase out debt anyway to bail it out ( and we will have to bail it out ) , some miniscule tax cuts have nthg to do with it . 
  as for db ... no one 's gon na let db go down . 
  if it goes down , trust me , debt-to-gdp will be the last of your concerns . 
  companies want to rise retiring age because like i said there 's a gap between retirees & youth entering the workforce , both in sheer numbers & in quality, 
  we have of the highest tax burdens in the whole , let 's reduce that and then talk about debt . 
  as long as nothing booms , these tax cuts still allow for a black zero . 
  not necessary . 
  ditib is shit when it comes to some stuff , but i do n't think i 've heard of a single one of their imams being salafists or radicals . 
  compared to situations like molenbeek ... 
  diyanet does a great job regarding salafism , that 's true and we 're thankful for that . 
  however , they are quite politically-nationalist . 
  now , that 's fine , i understand how nationalism saved turkey from craz religious nutjobs ... but i 'd rather not have turkish nationalists in germany . 
  on the other hand , seeing the problems and ignoring them is even worse . 
  seibert today took exactly fifteen seconds to say `` no '' to db 's paper, 
  and on one hand , i understand that sch\u00e4uble + spahn love to declare war on everything . 
  on the other hand , i know better than to think db are crazy optimists . 
  but we definitely need a higher age of retirement post-2020 and more flexible options to work beyond the normal age . 
  regarding pensions , check this btw http://faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/was-wird-aus-der-rente/bundesbank-fuer-rente-mit-69-jahren-14388870.html#gepc;s30 it 's very well-written . 
  i am too lazy to translate the full thing and post it though, 
  with all due respect , merkel being fat is n't even in the top 5 most disrespectful things he 's said * before * becoming president . 
  are n't we at 71 % ? 
  and i assumed the 250 billion to grow, 
  yeah , i was only referring to latest bunds .
