  the only reason she 's not commiting to military action is because that would she , and her little ursula , will be kicked out ceremoniously . 
  sorry but i think you should inform yourself on what exactly happened between them & eu in regards to cyprus & their membership . 
  i 'll never understand how cdu can spend months licking usa 's private parts , then spend decades lobbying against turkey , then suddenly decide to take 1 million refugees a year . 
  and get votes . 
  csu is beyond any rational debate . 
  fully true . 
  if we had 70 million mostly secular muslims in eu , things would be quite different nowadays . 
  a few days ago there was a comment in this thread , someone saying the us & eu should spread their values in every other part of the world . 
  like you know , japan or south korea , countries that are doing just fine without our culture . 
  hell , they 're doing better than us nowadays, 
  or turkey could just give up trying to keep them occupied and let them have their own state . 
  this story is getting honestly boring , there were fights about this debate between second generation immigrants in my own city when i was a kid, 
  americans had bavaria & hesse & some ports in germany . 
  guess what , people in these regions are not anti-american at all , because we were fucking blessed to have america as occupiers instead of the brits , french or soviets , who had their reasons to hate us and committed more crimes against innocent people . 
  while i do n't think they are secular ( we see them here ) , i do n't think there will be terrorist attacks , mass shooting and suicide bombings killing hundreds in middle of europe , carried on by either turks or kurds . 
  this is where we should realize than although merkel is a two-faced lying person ( i 'd say bitch , but i 'd be called mysoginist ) and fucked up the refugees thing , she and steinmeier are usually right about these stuff . 
  throw bombs to crazy people ? 
  no thank you . 
  give weapons and train kurds ? 
  sure yes . 
  stay the fuck out of ukraine ? 
  yes please . 
  we use good old school bullying . 
  the misconception is that if it worked for money and austerity means , it will work for refugees too . 
  news flash : there are countries that would go in violent riots against refugees and their governments are not stupid enough to fall for high level eu bullyng in that regard . 
  i have n't tried it in winter , but i 've slept outside when the temperatures would drop something below 0 ( camping , long story ) during early hours . 
  it 's fine and perfectly manageable if the sleeping bag is good enough i 've also slept in a balcony in barcelona because , long story made short , someone decided to have sex in my bed and i was too lazy to kick the girl out . 
  because they do n't know about it . 
  i know a guy from athens who came here a year ago , i met him in a bar in the corner of my street and eventually he helped me plan a visit in athens so yes , we were in good terms . 
  last winter he had all sorts of problems with snow - what to wear ? 
  what to do with your car ? 
  how to clean the stairs ? 
  i had to give the poor guy a `` snow 101 '' training because they 're not used to it . 
  he was fine - had a good job , was well-read , knew a lot about world politics , classical music and old movies , but he could n't manage snow to save his life . 
  i was replying to a guy from macedonia . 
  refugees from kosovo only stayed in macedonia for a few months . 
  i know there are albanians from kosovo in europe , no need to post links, 
  do you have anyone from your family that is a second generation immigrant in western europe ? 
  would they sing their new countries anthems ? 
  what language do they speak at home ? 
  do they feel french/german or are they there only for economical and social reasons but come back home to have weddings and spend holidays ? 
  your logic is fine , too bad these guys do n't follow logic, 
  all turks i know personally are against isis and they know very well that turkey can be a target . 
  we did n't have many problems with turkish immigrants ( well , the usual gangs , but no major terrorism issues ) and it 's crazy to think that people in europe turn against them nowadays . 
  or give some money to the greeks ( yes , they 'll probably steal half of it again but whatever ) so that they can buy some ships and patroll ? 
  the rest of europe busy finding and destroying terrorist cells ? 
  nah , let 's talk about the reproductive organs of cats i mean wtf , let the poor cats have plenty of sex and make babies and create their own families , they 're not killing anyone, 
  mind you , the 1999 refugees were n't terrorists and they were temporarily . 
  once the war finished , they packed their bags and got back home . 
  you think syrians will go back home after three months ? 
  and how much have they killed again ? 
  that 's smart management . 
  his flair says northern serbia - they were in war two decades ago . 
  i think his skin is thick enough if he actually lives there, 
  thank god . 
  this is honestly nuts, 
  if germany & greek were n't different , we would n't spend 6 years having `` grexit '' shoved down our throat in every political talk show and parliament debate . 
  if we were n't that different , that problem would have never arised in the first place, 
  they 'd still refuse to pay their taxes . 
  and why should germany and netherlands have the same fiscal system with greece and bulgaria ? 
  different economies , different cultures , different social structure , different administration procedures , different organization, 
  then fucking criminalize travelling to syria . 
  it 's not like anyone will go for holiday there nowadays, 
  ok thank you for your long-term suggestions but attack are happening now . 
  as in , yesterday a match was cancelled . 
  130 people died last friday . 
  what do we do about that ? 
  sorry for this but if you have an eu flair why are you asking how war is declared ? 
  and how much do we have to wait for them to blow away ? 
  no it 's not , what are you talking about ? 
  and whom should we ask about our financial system , greece ? 
  you 're gentlemen ... 
  `` we 're spending a lot of money and we 're not making any . 
  if this does n't stop we 're broke . '', 
  you do n't need a master degree to know that . 
  my grandma knows that , that 's why when she borrows money to spend money she does n't have , she does it sensibly instead of going full crazy and feeling entitled to someone else 's tax money . 
  you 're saying the greek people could n't put two and two together ? 
  to deal with greece merkel has used those household finances principles . 
  the same principles the chancellors before here used for their own country , and i think it worked just fine . 
  not perfect , but not bad . 
  there 's no economical theory , either conservative or liberal , that concludes that any financial principle works when people are lazy , refuse to pay their own debts , evade taxes and lie about their money even to themselves . 
  check my comments history , i am against the open door policy . 
  some of you . 
  not all of you, 
  and stay home , eat pork , dance to music and ask other countries to send us money to operate our `` industries '' ? 
  well , worked for greece, 
  i am against her open door policy , but merkel is against giving more money , without any guarantees that it could be paid back ever in their history , to countries like greece that have lied in the past and are being caught lying again , countries where a pm was elected saying he would never pay the whole debt back , countries where corruption and tax evasions are in thirld world level , countries that are parasites and feed off other countries by lying . 
  merkel is not anti-social and she 's running a country that is a social paradise compared to yours . 
  the people who watched peacefully and cheerfully during the november pogroms were not good people . 
  there 's nothing up to debate here , even if their grandchildren are model citizens nowadays . 
   saying for trying to convince people the holocaust did n't happen and spread her message . 
  not for telling her cat , in the privacy of her house that it did n't happen . 
  listen , i do n't agree with not prosecuting isis fighters going back home , but i really would n't want people moving around saying `` blaaah , nothing has happened , jews are monsters '' , thank you very much, 
  you remember the story of the woman who took her kids to syria to join her husband , was trained to use bombs and weapons and got back to germany ? 
   merkel does n't need a wingman like kohl and schr\u00f6der did . 
  she does n't have any inferiority complex and she does n't care about ghosts , and that 's why i respect her despite not agreeing with her for many things . 
  france did n't really ... like us back then . 
  thing is ... that 's a big if unfortunately . 
  because it wo n't be slovenia that will babysit a continent . 
  and because why i trust my fellow voters ( hell , even most of afd guys ) more than those who vote for orban or tsipras .
