  i did n't know where to get proper vegetables when i arrived in germany . 
  so laugh it up but the fact is that german 's eat a lot of garbage . 
  germany is n't italy or france . 
  oh fuck off , our food is amazing  in my experience from turkey , people are very friendly there . 
  then they should have stayed in turkey . 
   i have heard the middle east has a lot of friendly people . 
  centuries of genocide would beg to differ  germans are cold to people they do n't know . 
  ofcourse we are , we 're not a bunch of hypocrite liars  german service is cold . 
  the client is not the king . 
  you 're not supposed to be pampered . 
   once they discover they ca n't bring their families here , they give up on germany i do n't fault them . 
  i am happy they took the decision to go back . 
  i can pay their train ticket to the airport if they want me to . 
   they are human , just like us . 
  this person left his wife and four little kids in some iraq city , saved up thousands of euros , embarked on a looong journey , ate up resources that could be used to help the poor refugees in jordan & lebanon ( may god help them ) , took up a bed that could help a proper refugee , got some hundreds euros a month and statistically speaking , chances are he committed a crime of some sorts . 
  my sympathy just went out of the window . 
  i just said his statement is technically correct . 
  they are getting thousands in benefits in a year , and most stay beyond 12 months . 
  but yes , our social system is a joke , but what can you do ? 
  what ? 
  halal procedures are made exactly for that - to ensure the animal does not suffer much . 
  shit all you want on immigration , do n't shit on how they slaughter animals . 
  because d\u00f6ner , that 's why and potatoes !, 
  hey we found the lageso !, 
  why would i want them - or their families - on my building ? 
  here afd gets voted in the eastern states . 
  prior to this crisis , there were no immigrants there . 
  well , maybe a dozen of poles , five hungarians and some spanish erasmus students , but that 's about it . 
  400x12 = 4800 euros . 
  it * is * thousands, 
  such a cute explanation . 
  you wrote this on reddit , but maybe dailymail will print it tomorrow, 
  now imagine how i feel when my friends in denmark and sweden tell me about * their * welfare state, 
  you can come to reddit and read about unemployment rates, 
  they are very small changes that do * not * affect the numbers on a significant scale, 
  i am not entirely sure that she has no friends that she has * helped * along the way , but no , she 's not corrupt in a meaningful way . 
  and for a country packed between france ( !!! ), 
  and poland ( !!!, 
  ) , that 's good enough . 
  almost, 
  he 's been really good for schr\u00f6der too though , he managed things pretty well . 
  he was a little too pro-russian during the first term , but after 2013 ? 
  damn , the man has been amazing, 
  many cdu prominent politicians want our foreign policy to mirror the american foreign policy , which i see as something wrong - we 're in europe , our first focus should be on our neighbors, 
  the balkan route is not sealed off - it 's simply more restricted , but there is no wall between greece & albania , greece & macedonia or greece & bulgaria . 
  then , there 's no wall between macedonia & serbia , between serbia & croatia , between croatia & slovenia or slovenia & austria . 
  once they 're in austria , they 're practically here . 
  and then there 's italy , and bulgaria , and france ... 
  but yeah , there have been few arrivals in the last two weeks . 
  if he needed more than a month to find the money , we 're worse off . 
  if he needed less than a month , then we 're better off . 
  `` u-turn '' ???? 
  oh please , read the news . 
  there 's no u-turn . 
  there 's a small turn , like 3 degrees or something . 
  we should really create a word about appreciating those who hate your country . 
  bernie take my energy !, 
  now do that stupid artwork with the hands up i saw at new hampshire primaries commentary, 
  he 's a nice counterweight to merkel 's and sch\u00e4uble 's extreme americanism , plus he lost a little bit of that russophile edge after crimea . 
  i really like the guy . 
  koeln is a mess . 
  it 's an interesting city , but kind of like berlin - very , very frustrating to live in . 
  it 's real . 
  i absolutely despise how she 's failed to manage this crisis . 
  however , she 's been chancellor for over a decade . 
  i voted twice for the woman ( 2009 , 2013 ) and i do n't think that anyone , up until late 2015 , could do the job better than she did . 
  yes , there are things where she should have insisted more , but she did her best to keep germany stable and eu together . 
  remember , we went through a huge crisis , all emerging markets slowed down and ran into recension , the us went downhill - normally , we would have hit the bottom too no ? 
  yes , but personally i was n't affected by the crisis . 
  i lost my job then ( closed factories in france --  layoffs at my job ) , but two months after that i found another job in my field . 
  i highly value what she 's done in the past - i just want her out because she refuses to deal with the current crisis in a rational way , but i can understand why someone else may not see her current failures a deterrent to call her a failed chancellor . 
  and remember that many germans will keep sth else in mind when answering these questions - is there anyone else ? 
  would they stand behind , say , de maiziere if he decides people at the border should be shot with rubber bullets ? 
  what about real bullets ? 
  but but americans telling me i live in a country ruled by sharia . 
  i feel like even if someone inside her party replaces her , they will be disappointed that she 'll remain alive , go around without 15 bodyguards and continuing to have a life . 
  her ratings last year in may were 75 % . 
  her ratings have rarely plummeted below 60 % it 's not only her : sch\u00e4uble and steinmeier consistently rank around 70 %, 
   albania does n't even have a meaningful gypsy minority . 
  i visited the capital ( and most of the balkans ) . 
  i saw gypsies in suits and gypsies singing in the street , none of the gangs of kids that decided to attack my car and put soap all over my front window and refused to put water on it if i did n't pay them - that was in skopje . 
  can anyway explain this btw ? 
  does skopje have a huge roma community or is it just that they choose to , uhm , `` wash '' cars at the lights ? 
  i ca n't understand what in hell is duesseldorf doing there, 
  compared to rent prices in london or paris or every capital in the north , munich is still ok and keep in mind that in contrast to these cities , there is no road in munich where it 's even remotely dangerous or uncomfortable to live . 
  it 's the safest city in germany and the public transport is the most punctual , or if you drive , the traffic is very manageable compared to many other cities , even during congestion hours . 
  for those with kids , schools are pretty ok in all neighborhoods . 
  so even a person on low wages can find a decent apartment far away from marienplatz and live a very comfortable life . 
  source : lived there for 3 years , with my balcony directly above the small `` park '' beside the river where a bunch of thugs sold drugs . 
  aaaaaand english-speaking cities , that 's why you ca n't get into that list . 
  and it 's frankfurt . 
  then teach german anyway !, 
  it 's on youtube ... just write `` merkel interview '' and it will pop up , it 's around 55 minutes and she 's wearing an orange jacket ... 
  i am at work now ( on my phone ) so ca n't check the name . 
  then you do n't deserve to be an eu citizen , wtf is this , you get funds for schools , use them to pay german teachers , bunch of leeches . 
  / s for anyone who 's concerned, 
  it 's her duty if she ca n't control the situation in her own country it 's her duty as long as the other 27 countries have decided to take a nap, 
  i 'd rather put my money on kloeckner , kauder or de maiziere , and you can bet your money that schaeuble will work behind the scenes to help them if he thinks cdu should part ways with merkel . 
  he may be loyal to the party , but he can think independently . 
  ursula attacking her would be like a prophecy coming true .
