   peacefully dude it 's the balkans . 
  and the country is 90 % ethnically albanian . 
  and this would encourage macedonia to break up - the main ethnicity there makes up like 60 % of the population . 
  and then bosnia , whose war was a giant horror story of ethnic cleansing and rape camps . 
  you 're saying the decisions of our constitutional court are affected by certain politicians . 
  do you understand how serious that claim is ? 
  how fucked up our entire legal system would be if that was true ? 
  he 's not an alleged nazi , he 's a `` jews-deserved-the-holocaust '' nazi . 
  there 's nothing suggesting afd has anti-constitutional aims ( altho small parts of their program might be , but you ca n't ban parties for that ) . 
  being against nato and immigration or encouraging stay-at-home-moms ( fuck , csu does that ) or `` educating '' kids on `` traditional gender roles '' or spreading fake news is not anti-constitutional . 
  some of their leaders going around insulting everyone ( ffs , including beloved nt players for being black ) does n't make them ban-able . 
   but the afd can go away and then we are stuck with them again and you can also ban npd and another neo-nazi party will pop out . 
  it 's not like those people will suddenly start voting for cem \u00d6zdemir because there 's no nazi party around . 
  because of proportionality . 
  political parties are protected by law for a reason - to make sure state power is n't abused . 
  we should n't ban parties for wanting to abolish the constitutional order , we should ban them if there 's a risk they damage it . 
  the reason i am against banning npd is for the same reason i 'm against banning the burqa . 
  things should not be banned just because they 're disgusting and repulsive . 
  i like their reasoning and fully agree with the decision . 
  are maybe the people we picked for the constitutional court are just decent lawyers, 
  afd are not nazis . 
  they are disgusting , but do n't put them on npd level . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  the state should n't go around banning parties simply because they 're bad ; they should be banned if they 're bad * and dangerous *, 
  `` you are a cunt , * and * an irrelevant cunt '', 
  yes , refugee crisis . 
  the economy is fine . 
  where are you studying ? 
  the wage depression you 're referencing was 2003-2014 . 
  the refugee crisis was late 2015 . 
  and how did merkel cause an `` overabundance of unskilled labour '' that is depressing those wages that have actually gone up ? 
  our old entitlement system was unsustainable . 
  if it was n't for those reforms , we would have ended up like italy . 
  but if you do n't want the government to push people 's incomes up , why are you bashing merkel for , according to you , not pushing people 's incomes up ? 
   above inflation  that 's what i am on 2,5 % is waaaay above inflation . 
   i.e. 
  a few people paid more with some people paid nothing at all and lot of services , like the most of my local pizza deliveries had a jump in the thier prices . 
  a loss for many but the lucky few . 
  is there any way that a democratic government can force businesses to pay their employees more other than the minimum wage ? 
  if yes , care to mention them ? 
   i do n't care if there has been no wage increase above inflation for a decade leading for the bottom earners highest wage increases since reunification , and the highest increase comes from the introduction of the minimum wage . 
  the fuck you on . 
  i meant for chancellor . 
   any vacuum made by german imports going away will be made up by domestic competitors , creating more american jobs but why slap tariffs ? 
  you can take our guy 's tip and actually start building quality products that compete with ours . 
  cmon guys , it 's a 120 billion potential , you go ahead and try it . 
  that should work right ? 
  she did n't like obama tho, 
  oh , i 'm mad at her too , no worries , 
  i do n't expect to be elected anytime soon , and is n't her zone basically a bunch of fishermen ? 
  but despite his party being pro-immigration and anti-deportation , he criticized her like five months ago, 
  you ca n't vote for merkel * anywhere * . 
  we vote for parties . 
  true , true . 
  but then i see the rest of the world and i 'm like `` meh , we fine , boring af will do the job '', 
  i 've devoted a good portion of studying time to those reforms , if that was your point . 
  correct . 
  i say this elsewhere in this thread , but there are no allegations of bribing or anything . 
  that being said , trying to facilitate the creation of monopolies and disrespecting independent competition regulatory bodies is * wrong * even if it comes with good intentions , and just because there 's corruption anywhere , it does n't mean i 'd be fine with an unclean chancellor . 
  look at the bright side : at least they 're too busy working to sit down and analyze reforms . 
  because no one takes your pm seriously due to his '90 history & past 5 years, 
  sputnik news ofcourse . 
  well yes , but i respect them for what they did nonetheless . 
  also , keep in mind that the two parties were on almost equal number of votes in 2005 . 
  it 's later that cdu got a 15-percentage point lead . 
  i consider most of their key members incompetent and unfit for governance , and i disagree with most of their programs . 
  those are two independent reasons i will not vote for them . 
  i am not dismissing them as a party - they 're a perfectly legitimate and respectable party , and their reforms saved our economy in the past . 
  saving the country 's economy on the way , and i say that as a csu voter, 
   very principaled dude . 
  first , it 's principled . 
  second , he showed them the middle finger , which no chancellor-candidate should do to his own people ( on the other hand , they were mentioning his dad so it was a private thing too ) third , the guy is a well-known flip-flopper on everything fourth , he 's been involved in scandals . 
  except he literally criticized her five months ago for decisions he himself was in favor of, 
  spd people will vote for merkel because they prefer her to sigmar as a person , not because of the refugee crisis, 
   that is not surprising at all . 
  it is surprising considering that in summer he bashed merkel for her refugee approach ( do n't get me wrong , i 've bashed her too ) and for using an expression * he himself coined *, 
  i am a csu voter who thinks a rot-rot-gr\u00fcn will be very bad for the country , but do n't feel bad about voting spd or die gr\u00fcne if that 's your thing . 
  they might be incompetent and i disagree with most of their program and staff , but they are respectable parties . 
  i know everyone hates gabriel , but in times of trumps and brexits and le pens and wildeers , gabriel is a choice i might be able to live with . 
  no , we always opposed iraq . 
  our then foreign minister even said that would lead to unrest which would have huge consequences for europe , altho not so much for the us . 
  and he was proved correct . 
  this is probably the first time in some years that i gained some respect for gabriel . 
  after his stupid flip-flopping during the summer , it 's remarkable that he refused to use this against his main political opponent . 
  so . . go gabriel . 
  no bashing today . 
  gabriel is a little bit too flip-floppy , too immature and has been really bad at his job in the government . 
  he was recently involved in a scandal where i do n't think he was directly bribed to do stuff , but you know , after 11 years of a scandal-less merkel chancellorship , people do n't want someone accused of corruption . 
  however , he 's not a bad guy per se , and he 's really good at campaigning . 
  but focus is produced in cologne , not us . 
  i 'd even go as far as say he 's an idiot , but there 's a difference between `` incompetent-idiot '' and `` full-nutjob-narcistic-idiot '', 
  that moment when ever fat siggy says smarter things than potus . 
   it 's exactly this type of elitist thinking which made a big amount of people prefer trump over other candidates . 
  not reading bild as your main source of information is not `` elitism '' . 
  it 's common sense . 
  again , its sports section is really fun , but what 's next ? 
  he 'll give an interview to some kind of gossipy tabloid that covers keeping up with the kardashians ? 
  when you have the same chancellor for 11 + years , you start being good at predicting what she 'll say . 
  because god forbid bild brands someone as guilty w/o due process . 
  going around and threatening one of your strongest allies with punitive tariffs for the industry that forms the backbone of their economy is not a grownup thing to do , in any context .
