  there are many things mixed together : the origins of these people , the way france approached the concept of nationality , high unemployment , strict labor laws , ghettoization , the ban of all religious symbols , arguably more racism , colonialism , downright hatred for the `` occupator '' , etc. 
  we do n't like having metal detectors where it 's not necessary, 
  i 've entered a cl match with a big puffy coat and my girlfriend had a huge bag . 
  they barely checked our tickets, 
  i can not carry that gun even if i get one, 
  switzerland and the cr would like a word, 
  i do n't think there has been a single case of someome asking to enter disney park in paris with guns in the last decade i do n't think many good guys in my country go around with illegal guns . 
  why should it be different in france ? 
  oh yes , one of those millions of quirky and educated french guys who go to disney parks with two gun because what if one of the kids steals one of them, 
  thanks for the explanation , my translation skills failed me : l, 
  many of these states did exist when germany was carpet bimbed after two lost ww . 
  many of these states did exist when italy had political terrorism going on many of these states did exist when france was going through hell economically, 
  refugees can only be from regions at war people from non-war zones can be granted asylum , but they are not refugees for anyone who 's curious , this was the main debate between cdu & spd . 
  cdu wanted to suspend all family reunifications , spd wanted to allow it systematically, 
  we are a really innovative bunch, 
  the problem here ( and also in netherlands & northern italy ) is not that there are big cities , but the fields and villages are concentrated . 
  i do n't know if you know any american exchange student , but take drive around with one of them and they 're like `` what , people ? 
  do n't you have any free land ? 
  what if i want to camp in the wild ? '', 
  greece would like a word, 
  and in theory , so is population density . 
  i remember reading a study about how every index bar corruption was 25 % to 30 % higher in the uk than here ( corruption was around 10 % higher in the uk ) , but it was about 2013 so ... yeah  no idea for uk vs rest of eu stats but since countries with comparable population numbers have lower rates ( germany , france , spain , poland ) and there are many small countries with lower rates , i ca n't see a numerical way how it can be higher, 
  the problems with that are : 1 . 
  eventually it raises costs ( you can transfer 400 $ / mo easily , good luck distributing enough coupons and creating an effective system ) 2 . 
  it leaves people at the mercy of the gov. 
  if i have 400 $ , i can decide what to do with them , but this way i can not sacrifice ( stupid example ) new clothes in order to make a trip to another city i think the main point would be increasing the gap between welfare payments made to eu citizens and non-eu citizens , but that would be , uhm , * controversial * and for god 's sake enforce the border, 
  who cares about sex parties . 
  the man had watched il padrino and decided he should try to implement a similar system on his country, 
  yeap , things have exploded up there and around berlin/frankfurt hugs from my little safe town , all hail seehofer :d, 
  we 're small ? 
  we 're * packed * and in general , areas with high population density are more prone to crime due to obvious reasons, 
  but uk has very high crime rates . 
  why compare it with uk ? 
  never even illegal guns around here are hard to come by . 
  but of course , one can take his car , go to southern france , southern italy , poland , belgium , get five ak-47 and take a european trip . 
  or get them in say , albania or macedonia and hope they wo n't check your luggage in slovenia . 
  hint : they do n't . 
  you have sun , hot women and amazing food . 
  why would an italian shoot up a school ? 
  they 'd spared us of a big headache tbh , and you do n't have to be an extremist to want that, 
  they had berlusconi for god 's sake . 
  and now this guy . 
  i mean , compared to berlusconi , he 's a sweetheart , but still . . do i have to repeat that they elected silvio berlusconi ? 
  we received sth below half a million bosnian refugees in 1992/3 . 
  around 80 % -90 % of them were sent back , and the majority was definitely not happy to go back . 
  can anyone provide numbers about nr of deportations per years ? 
  i 'm on my phone, 
  i think all slavic countries bar serbia , slovakia , belarus & russia have recognized it, 
  guys , i think we found free land to manage the refugee crisis, 
  but what would be the answer to that ? 
  you ca n't force a continent to speak only english in the workplace . 
  and we definitely can not force them to speak only french . 
  there are four it guys from spain in my building , mobility works well for them . 
  the other problem is that once the brightest of these countries choose germany , uk or netherlands * en masse * and the governments of germany , uk or netherlands encourage it ( say , through subsidised language courses ) , the governments of these countries will scream `` brain drain !, 
  they 're assimilating us !, 
  using our cheap labor ! '', 
  and it will end up in another eu institutional mess, 
  well yes , that 's a problem , but practically every country in the world does that so it evens out i guess . 
  the stats for minijobs , trainings , etc are available online and it still ends up below your official unemployment rate , even without counting part-time jobs and trainings and internships in france . 
  due to the apprenticeship system the labor market is definitely better here . 
  i have friends from france that have uni degrees and work experience and can not find even part-time low-skilled jobs . 
  i find that sad since france has the capability to have a strong , resilient economy . 
  `` blaaah , not again , wtf are we supposed to do , shoot terrorists , this is getting boring , i did n't sign up for this '', 
  the dutch are doing realpolitik better than anyone else nowadays no ? 
  however , this is not enforceable . 
  the only way is to pack half a million people , handcuff them , put them in trains and send them to deserted turkish zones . 
  as someone who yesterday wanted to visit dachau for the second time , * i do n't think that will fly well around here *, 
  may i ask where do you live ? 
  there have been no massive changes around here yet , thank god , just a bunch of weird-looking guys walking around in groups of dozens . 
  and i finally gave in and started locking my door two weeks ago . 
  in a `` gun-free '' zone . 
  carrying `` animal '' pepper spray in germany is perfectly legal and using it for self-defense is usually justified . 
  so no , the police can not confiscate it and i have n't heard of cases when police checks a girl 's pockets - if anything , they check southerners around here . 
  but if someone knows better than to bring a pepper spray into a court building , they should also know better than to bring knives and pepper spray to the reeperbahn . 
  loooooooool :') we deported 20,000 in 2015 . 
  the cute thing is you would n't be fined for that :'), 
  pepper sprays and tasers being sent from poland to germany ? 
  shit , revenge time :(, 
  most girls i know go around on their own without a problem at night . 
  if you sit in my balcony in a saturday night for an hour , you 'll probably see a dozen girls getting back home, 
  i like this, 
  here you can carry one even if you 're 5 , if it 's named `` against animals '' . 
  yay , we 're the true land of freedom !, 
  btw i usually refer to the oecd about this, 
  can we get a thank you note , please ? 
  brothers in drinking , yayyyy, 
  maybe not forcing other countries into a common currency would have been a better idea , no ? 
  compared to half of europe it 's rich but that 's not the point here , we know the situation, 
  of course . 
  and she has n't done that yet, 
  i meant when merkel said that those who were registered in hungary or greece would n't be deported back to these countries . 
  exactly what your comment asks eu to do . 
  except the german government is strongly pushing for quotas , effectively suspended the dublin agreement , does n't deport anyone to greece and does n't want to turn greece into a giant migrant camp ( hint : quotas ), 
  hot spots are actually funded by eu . 
  if anything , it 's a weird case of qe, 
  listen , syria has been in war for five years now and only in 2015 did the crisis really explode . 
  i know greece has been getting immigrants for 5 years and i agree that we should have helped , but it 's entirely impossible to not see that the crisis exploded ( i mean march/april , not after september & merkel ) exactly when the new measures by the new government were implemented . 
  considering that greece spent , according to imf , 300 million euros in 2015 for this , i see no reason why 1,5 billion is not enough, 
   i agree with sch\u00e4uble  greek flair i never thought i 'd ever see this , 
  greece wo n't accept your navy though,
