  not really , and it will be a major talking point of the spd . 
  madrid , biggest terror attack in europe since lockerbie, 
  the thing is . . we knew when those conflicts could end . 
  we do n't know when ( or how ) islamist terrorism would end . 
  raf stopped doing stupid shit when raf stopped , it 's not like some crazy raf-fans started driving trucks into people . 
  she 's also said multikulti has failed last december , and like a month ago again . 
  what 's your point here ? 
  not necessarily . 
  she went against public opinion with that one , and it will hurt cdu in 2017 . 
  israel - even for german standards , she 's uncharacteristically pro-israel her reaction towards the nsa scandal was also consequential and quite grown-up instead of pandering . 
  refugees . 
  she 's as flip-floppy as it can get on many issues , but i think that right now , we 're missing her flip-floppiness . 
  and how do you think it can be determined whether someone is prone to stabbing others ? 
  if methods for that existed , we would n't have any mental-crime . 
  we do n't do that lalalalala, 
  ... except for cdu repeating that turkey should join the eu a week ago , a month ago , two months ago , six months ago , a year ago , etc. 
  it depends on where you go i think . 
  places on the other side of antalya ( alanya , kemer ) are more conservative and locals may do that . 
  on the west coast , you 'd get weird looks . 
  i doubt kurz cares, 
  google translate . 
  it means smuggler , because back in the old days they used to put people in trucks to smuggle them into germany . 
  i saw one in frankfurt when i was there two months ago . 
  right at hauptwache . 
  are nsu murders terrorism ? 
  ... there are countries that keep everyone with mental problems locked up ? 
  freedom of faith and conscience is inviolable and the state should ensure it 's practiced freely ... or sth like that . 
  i do n't remember it by heart . 
  there 's also sth about not being forced into war . 
  i do n't think anyone was arguing about that . 
  everyone knows that burqa is a barrier . 
  the question here is regarding the ban , and i do n't think she 'll vote for it even if she allows cdu to pass the law ( if there are votes from other parties too ) . 
  she 's , at the end of the day , a pastor 's daughter . 
  and the rest of her statement makes that clear - cdu wants to ban the burqa , but oh , that pesky article 4 . 
  biting us in the ass ? 
  poles are our babies & we welcome them !, 
  to my ears , serbian for example sounds softer than polish, 
  the amount of boobs i 've seen in tirana in 24 hours is unparalleled , and it 's supposed to be a muslim country, 
  nowadays , eastern germany has quite a lot of crimes if you keep in mind how old the population is and how few immigrants they get, 
  their muslims as cool though . 
  same with bosnians - they were n't problematic at all concerning sexual assaults when they were here . 
  oh yes , austria , the heaven of modern-minded immigrants from turkey , afghanistan and yugoslavia, 
  care to point me to the last time eu countries acted like a collective unit ? 
  merkel tends to have quite horrific pr , it 's not surprising for us to hear all kind of weird shit from our politicians . 
  no ... because they 're three , not endless . 
  i really like the language , i want to learn it properly but i am just terribly lazy and everyone tells me not to bother since it 's very `` harsh '' . 
  but i like how it sounds ... :(, 
  i 'll never , for the love of god , understand how you manage to remember when to add to your regular letters . 
  i fully understood the 2nd one , and i technically pretend to know polish better than whatever slovakians pretend to speak . 
  the polish language was n't regulated from above , they have a very rich history and polish writers were good and wrote famous books and all that shit , it 's not like someone in 1990 decided to sit down and find the best system . 
   it is better if we hire them to clean the streets , tend public gardens , work on the railroads dunno where you come from but around here we definitely already have people who clean streets , it 's not like you are inventing a new employment strategy . 
  no , you 'd get back what you paid for . 
  unemployment insurance is not `` hartz iv '' ( whatever is the equivalent ), 
  train stabbings in austria or switzerland , and the shooting in munich had nothing to do with terrorism though . 
  it 's just that every crazy crime happening in the german-speaking world is making it to r/worldnews nowadays . 
  it 's a survey for violence against women . 
  that 's like saying why they do n't mention potatoes when they gather data on tomatoes . 
  maybe you should check the official proposals of mit before commenting though . 
  i did the math and i would end up with 16 % less tax to pay , and i have no kids so i am only affected by the first two changes , and trust me , i * definitely * do n't earn 15k + a month . 
  `` wealthy people '' ? 
  people earning 2500 euros are not `` wealthy '', 
  cdu is on 36 % , merkel is on 47 %, 
  she already publicly declared exactly what her intel says . 
  the sentence here means that there were radicals before the refugee crisis . 
  and that guy who killed two american soldiers , and remember when we went apeshit crazy in 2010 because there were tips on a mumbai-style attack in berlin ? 
  god bless you & your goodwill . 
  it feels like r/worldnews will explode in a collective orgasm when the big one happens, 
  i wanted to go actually , but i know what a mess it gets, 
  switzerland , for example . 
  france also has much better railways , and it 's a poorer country . 
  look at the bright side , maybe there will be no increase on tourist numbers this year because of the whole terrorism thing . 
  at some point , sheer numbers will get unmanageable . 
  they were literally shouting at him to be a nazi , and they were a ndp-affiliated group . 
  that 's like saying nsu murders were not rw terrorism . 
  we 've had a lot of massive terror attacks in the past though , that 's not the only one . 
  we had terror attacks before it was mainstream . 
  it 's just the last decades that have been ok regarding terrorism ( well , if you do n't count deaths by rw terrorism , but i do n't think r/europe worries much about them ), 
  technically speaking , no , article 1 can not be changed . 
  personally speaking , i 'd rather not have `` human dignity is inviolable '' deleted from my constitution , thankyouverymuch . 
  france too , since they messed with libya . 
  and switzerland , cuz banks and shit . 
  it 's gon na be us & vatican city , yay . 
  integrity ? 
  can you understand what it would mean if these leaks lead to a breakdown of bilateral relations between the two countries ? 
  maybe we should have kicked out all the staff in the american embassy after the nsa scandal ? 
  that 's integrity !, 
  if you would refrain from using public transport , attending matches or going to festivals because of terrorism threats , could you also please refrain from coming ? 
  honestly , we already get enough people i 'd rather not have around with this refugee crisis . 
  criminals , salafists , all that shit . 
  if at least panic-inducing individuals stayed out of the country , it would be nice . 
  except you know , they actually tried to bomb german railways exactly 10 years ago and if those bombs had gone off , we 'd talk about over 300 victims you * sure * you lived in germany 10 years ago ? 
  that 's probably because of the reputation of british tourists . 
  then why was immigration used as a campaign argument for brexit ? 
  it was n't juncker who forced uk to take people from punjab five decades ago . 
  wait , you ca n't go and swim with a cross on your neck ? 
  because wanted multiculturalism , for some reason . 
  french values include giving up your religion ? 
   if there is a problem with something , new laws will be drafted to try to solve the problem oh , the famous problem of women wearing weird shit to go to the beach . 
  give me a fucking break , terrorism in france exploded because of decades and decades of failure , not because of burkinis . 
   now in the previous century , laws in europe were pretty restrictive and how did that work out ?
