  they see the covenants that hive them security . 
  brexit has alarmed them ; a frexit would be a disaster . 
  from a polish perspective , merkel 's attempt of stabilizing the eu is an anchor , which must nor break . 
  the old mistrust of germany is stil there , but the fear of russia is greater . 
  and as far as that goes , a statement made by pm sxydlo made it clear on monday . 
  she challenged one of the stable dogmas of polish foreign policy : the resistance to any attempt to create a two-speed europe , which could detach poles from the west and make russia a prey . 
  on wednesday the chancellor has moved on this taboo in warsaw and as last week in malta , she spoke of `` different speeds '' . 
  szydlo 's reaction was a sensation to see for polish affairs : as in tradition , she initially said that such a thing was usually `` dividing and weakening europe '' . 
  but then the revolutionary principle followed : `` differentations in cooperation mechanisms can be acceptable if there are guarantees for all member states that the integrity of the single market is not ceded '' . 
  the taboo has fallen . 
  the sentence `` save europe '' is going on -- this is the mantra heard everywhere before merkel 's visit to warsaw . 
  poland wants to weaken the central institutions of the eu and strengthen national parliaments . 
  unlike marine le pen in france of heerts wilders in the netherlands , here they want to strengthen the eu , not crush it . 
  the common security , the single market with its four basic freedom remains a `` raison d\u2019etat '' . 
  because of this , one would be willing to `` set the tone '' together with germany . 
  in order for this to happen , however , differences must be bridged . 
  the german side knows for example , that when it comes to the refugee question , the maximum would be help with border guards , humanitarian aid or support for transit states . 
  here , poland promises to shoulder a greater load . 
  in the refugee distribution though , no one expects an agreement . 
  however , both sides appear to have `` frozen '' this problem so that it does n't jeopardize the stability of europe . 
  the same applies to kaczynski 's attacks on the polish state . 
  no one finds this pretty in germany , but the chancellor has only addressed the issue in warsaw , and only to express her hope for an early agreement . 
  another difference lies in the reform of the eu . 
  kaczysnki wants an union that allow its member a free hand when it comes to homosexuality , family and interpretation of the legal state . 
  he wants to change european treaties . 
  merkel opposed that in warsaw . 
  berlin knows that treaty amendments have to be ratified individually by each member state . 
  in the light of devastating experiences with related referendums in recent years , this could be a pandora box . 
  how strongly will poland persist in the discussion of a `` reboot '' of the eu and treaty amendments , no one can say yet . 
  some though , point out that kaczysnki has never concretized his demands because he wants to leave playing space . 
  his sudden change of mind regarding merkel suggests that he thinks he 's the one who could use such a playing space . 
  ** note : while my english is ok , it 's not perfect . 
  i was n't sure in a couple of cases of the best translation , so feel free to correct me ** it 's a meeting in difficult circumstances -- the polish government wants to make fundamental changes in the eu after brexit , merkel calls for rule of law in warsav and praises trump 's declaration ( on nato ) . 
  during her visit in poland , federal chancellor angela merkel ( cdu ) insisted on adherence to the principle of rule of law , and talked about the way the country reached democracy . 
  `` i will repeat that as a person , i always paid attention to what happened in poland when i was young '' , she said after meeting with the polish prime minister beata szydlo . 
  `` solidarnosc has shaped my life , and maybe without it , neither european unification nor the end of cold war would come , and neither would german unity '' , merkel said , referring to the trade union which contributed in political change in 1989 . 
  `` we know how important plural societies are , how important an independent juridical system and independent media is , because those were missing back then '' szydlo calls for `` changes in the eu '' polish government has been criticized by the eu because of the implementation of several laws , which , according to critics , will bring the constitutional court and public tv channel under the control of the government . 
  merkel emphasized that she 's happy that poland will answer the questions posed by the eu commission on the rule of law . 
  szydlo said `` there must be changes to the eu . 
  brexit is a fact '' . 
  the eu should develop , but while respecting the rights to autonomy of its memberstates . 
  merkel and szydlo showed unity regarding further relations with russia about ukraine . 
  as long as there 's no progress , sanctions should remain in place . 
  during the visit , merkel welcomed the declaration of the american president . 
  the latest statements by trump and his respective ministers ( tillerson , mattis ) are `` very important remarks '' . 
  trump has recently announced his talks with the general secretary of nato jens soltenberg , after he described the organization as `` obsolete '' . 
  the american president criticized eu countries of spending too little on defense , and nato of being too uninvolved in the fight against terrorism . 
  the issue is n't helping moms stay home . 
  the issue is punishing moms for working . 
  september , and cdu has yet to start campaigning . 
  same for die gr\u00fcne . 
  i think we have to wait at least until summer to have a clearer picture on what will happen . 
  you 're entirely correct, 
  if there 's anything she does well , it 's patronising . 
  merkel should keep trump close too , no doubt about that, 
  we had the biggest european presence in kosovo , we 've lost people in mali to help french troops , and we have the second biggest contribution in afghanistan the problem is n't offering help : it 's bombing countries like libya to a civil war without a plan on nation building & post-bombing backing . 
  yes , i know he has no government position . 
  but he 's stronger than szydlo , and he 's the one we have to keep tabs on . 
  we have labor shortages in those regions . 
  people staying at home are a net loss for a developed economy , for the same reason unemployment is bad for any economy : output gaps . 
  well , not much sun in there, 
  and if they ca n't deal with the troika , i ca n't see how a `` sch\u00e4uble '' would be received, 
  he 's the de-facto leader , and he 's a little nuts . 
  merkel has to keep him close , even if it looks bad , we do n't have time for details . 
  when competing with china and india , we already have bigger things to worry about . 
  if at some point we want to sit down and discuss about how federal education is one of those things , fine , but let 's get to the important issues first . 
  germany is one of the most difficult countries in the world to open a business in , for all the things that the government is directly responsible for . 
  let 's tackle our red tape , let 's tackle having the highest labor tax wedge in the world , let 's tackle our overregulated service sector , let 's tackle the super low labor participation rate of mothers , let 's tackle the fact that we only have the only tax system in the world that encourages women to stay at home & work part-time , let 's tackle the demographic issues that come with generous entitlements ( altho the flexi-pension , if expanded , will be a nice way to get around it ) , let 's tackle our ineffective landesbank system ( and if i was in charge , selling government shares in many other agencies ) , let 's get our infrastructure and especially digital infrastructure in shape . 
  then , we can sit down and change the constitution to make education a federal responsibility . 
  ( i 'd still vote against that ), 
  she is seen by many as the chief defender of the eu 's liberal values . 
  he is cast by some as the bloc 's biggest internal threat . 
  two strikingly different positions on europe 's future will clash when angela merkel , germany 's chancellor , and jaroslaw kaczynski , poland 's most powerful politician , meet as neighbours in warsaw on tuesday . 
  relations between the two countries have deteriorated in the 15 months that mr kaczynski 's law and justice party has been in power , marked by virulent criticism of brussels and berlin . 
  ms merkel , under pressure from german lawmakers to call a spade a spade , is expected to warn poland 's political chief that his moves to curb judicial independence and media freedoms -- which have sparked mass public protests -- are threats to democracy and detrimental to relations with eu partners . 
  she is also expected to remind him that those relationships are the best defence against russian aggression , especially given the uncertainty over us president donald trump 's approach to moscow and to nato 's presence in europe . 
  mr kaczynski , who holds no formal government position but dictates policy as chairman of law and justice , has emerged as one of the eu 's fiercest internal critics he praised brexit and the election of mr trump as endorsements of his rejection of the liberal establishment . 
  he is set to demand from ms merkel a more equal bilateral relationship and support for his government 's calls for eu reform . 
  under poland 's previous government , the country 's relations with ms merkel were among the eu 's strongest bonds , part of warsaw 's campaign to deepen eu ties and give it more influence in brussels . 
  but mr kaczynski has adopted a confrontational approach , condemning berlin for its plans to resettle refugees in the eu and accusing german politicians of using the european commission to meddle in polish affairs . 
  `` germany needs to decide on the nature of its relations with poland , '' mr kaczynski said last month . 
  `` you can not drag poland 's name through muck and at the same time expect relations to be good . '' germany is the largest investor in poland and its most important trade partner but strong national values and mistrust of berlin are key planks of mr kaczynski 's politics . 
  he accuses berlin of using its clout in brussels against his government . 
  but he is also deeply suspicious of vladimir putin 's russia and has demanded eu solidarity to protect its eastern members . 
  the commission has accused his government of endangering democracy and the rule of law through reforms to the judiciary , which give his party control of a court designed to act as a check on parliamentary power . 
  warsaw has refused to acknowledge a string of eu demands to reverse the court takeover , saying the eu is overstepping its mandate . 
  `` this [ political development ] can damage relations long term and weaken solidarity in the eu , '' said thomas nord , the head of the bundestag 's german-polish parliamentary group . 
  an eu diplomat told the financial times that `` [ kaczynski ] needs to be told in very blunt terms what [ other eu members ] think , what is at stake . 
  i 'm absolutely convinced [ ms merkel ] will do this , but not in a way that everybody will hear or know about . '' the commission has said it does not accept mr kaczynski 's argument that his parliamentary majority gives him the right to decide how poland 's judiciary works . 
  seven decades after the second world war , german politicians remain very cautious about appearing to publicly lecture poland . 
  but while rebuking her host , ms merkel may also signal that , as long as member states respect fundamental eu values , they do not have to stick to a common policy straitjacket . 
  the chancellor indicated such flexibility at the eu 's valetta summit last week , suggesting a union of `` variable speeds '' of integration . 
  `` from the point of view of the eu 's future it is not possible to imagine a good solution for europe that would not be based on an agreement between berlin and warsaw , '' said konrad szymanski , poland 's europe minister . 
  `` both capitals are interested in getting europe out of trouble . '' the leaders are expected to discuss their positions on britain 's exit from the eu , with mr kaczynski keen to keep britain close as a trade and defence partner . 
  for ms merkel , eu unity and a deal that does not encourage other countries to consider a similar exit is a priority . 
  like i said , i 'll start singing the bayernhymne the day i hear him mention eurobonds . 
  but hey , if you want to hope , go ahead for the next 8 months . 
  i agree with the most of your comment , and i think international media fails to understand how little say the federal government has . 
  dudes , this is not the us . 
  our government literally ca n't do shit .
