  that 's why she should be replaced by luka modric . 
  why did i forget karlsruhe is in bw :(, 
  ffs , they ca n't catch a break . 
  god with you italbros . 
  any preliminary news on casualties ? 
  5 minutes walking distance from the bank to a place where you can buy & inject heroin openly is kind of unmatched though . 
  because berlin is an utter mess and in middle of nowhere ? 
  maybe you can argue for munich or hamburg , but berlin , cmon . 
   football and eintracht 's been ok this season instead of fighting relegation in october . 
  perfect . 
  bash frankfurt all you want , but when it comes to drugs and prostitutes , they got that shit . 
  why the fuck would you live in wiesbaden , where the average age is 50 ? 
  because it 's scientifically proven that chromosomes are the defining factor when it comes to immigration . 
  plus , oh yes , those hoards of leftist female leaders like merkel , may , szydlo , le pen , etc. 
  what a cute bunch . 
  which explains why afd gets spd votes instead of cdu vo . . oh wait . 
  or ukip . . oh wait . 
  or 5 star movement & lega nord . . oh wait . 
  except you still have heidelberg & mannheim , so.many will put up with it , at least . 
  the * land * with the 2nd lowest unemployment rate in the country ( 3 % i think ) , 2nd lowest birthrate in the country , and with the biggest number of open positions in the whole country , decides to make a stupid , nonsense move to turn away students from bw to other german * l\u00e4nder * , for a fee that covers half of the real cost-per-student , while it 's widely accepted that foreign students are a net gain for the country , with a legal minimum of 8000 euros annually spent on the local economy , lower crime rates than the national rate , and higher employment rates than natives . 
  what a smart strategic move . 
  because they have rule of law & due process in kosovo ? 
  ofc . 
  we & russians tend to be bros when we 're not trying to eradicate each-other from the planet . 
  we do n't have molenbeeks ? 
  last time ? 
  check italian news & see for yourself . 
  ... and thank god for that ? 
  he wo n't be chancellor . 
  yes it will . 
  it would actually become stronger and stabler in the long run . 
  the fuck , politico . 
  that is n't brutal , it 's actually adorable . 
  from what the guys i met told me , no . 
  apparently imams have intervened to solve these issues repeatedly , and now it 's mostly a thing in the mountainous catholic regions in north albania . 
  extra floor is nice as it allows for some privacy . 
  i have a friend who has like bedroom + small kitchen + bathroom for himself in a wing of the house . 
  he pays all utilities for the house , and stays at home . 
  he 's 25 . 
  we have much better housing allowances than nl , but since most people stay in their city due to our decentralized economy , we have lower rates than , say , france . 
  no , i mean the data that is published every 3-months, 
  totally forgot about the ft. 
  yes , it 's good . 
  the independent & the telegraph are shit at this point , and same for the guardian . 
  thing is , we also have faz , sz , etc. 
  while i do n't think there 's a single reliable british newspaper left . 
  on the other hand , your bbc is on another level from our stupid channels . 
  aaand your username is on point . 
  it 's close to mathematically impossible right now , and it would be horrific if it came to that but hey , we 've endured worse , we 'll survive a stupid , incompetent , anti-business government . 
  sch\u00e4uble is a sweetheart . 
  dobrindt is an idiot , but who cares . 
  and i vote for csu anyway . 
  yeah . . but americans , italians , etc. 
  are also like that . 
  germany did publish data for this year , if you 're taking about crime rates . 
  it 's not a matter of political choices , it 's a regular police procedure . 
  ofcourse the data wo n't be complete if the end of the year has n't come yet . 
  unbelievable !, 
  bavarians have voted homophobic blacks into power !, 
  dunno what that means , but spaniards here are probably the best immigrants . 
  never mentioned for crime , educated & hardworking , and very friendly people, 
  they tend to be adorable people though  & yes , my girlfriend 's building is basically mini spain at this point, 
  merkel is n't a federalist so . . 
  what discriminatory shit is she saying ? 
  and you 're making it look like she 's personally blocking it . 
  she 's not . 
  csu , the party i vote for is blocking it , and merkel has enough to fight over with csu to add gay marriage on top , esp . 
  since it 's not a controversial issue that takes much space in public discussions . 
  til . 
  that 's pretty low for us . . from what i travelled around europe , i expected us to be higher . 
  i 'm basing this solely on the number of people you see smoking outside bars and stuff . 
  she 's not personally homophobic . 
  remember that story with westerwelle & stoiber ? 
  it 's an isolated thing , but i 'm sure many gay couples refrain from showing much affection in thoswle neighborhoods because of those incidents , which is a bigger problem than gay marriage . 
  i think your comment proves my point . 
  i thought it was a word regarding gender identity , not gays/lesbians . 
  i sure want to have gay marriage , but personally i do n't think it 's one of the most pressing issues facing the country right now . 
  we all know why it 's not legalized - because csu ( by default , also the conservatives inside cdu ) block it . 
  i 'm not willing to switch to a left party because of this , because i expect them to be a governing disaster . 
  i 'd rather have safe cities governed by csu than liberal , gays-can-legally-get-married-but-don ` t-kiss-your-boyfriend-in-public cities governed by spd/die gr\u00fcne / die linke . 
  so calm your tits and stop spamming around the thread . 
  merkel knows the polls , calm down . 
  i know anecdotal evidence is stupid , but i have never meet a queer person in my life . 
  people from k\u00f6ln / berlin/hamburg , have you ? 
  because this never comes up as an issue like in the us or sth so it just feels weird to be the `` queerest queen '', 
  that video is actually pretty funny, 
  actually , it supports it . 
  one small , irrelevant , pro-russian group was against sanctions , but the big boys told them to shut up because of `` primacy of politics '', 
   the way merkel and her peers in the government are shielding the germany car industry has nothing to do with common sense that 's her job . 
  she 's been in office for 11 years , she knows her job description . 
  yes . 
  it 's as bland as it possibly get , and i would n't recommend it to any tourist . 
  but it 's a very nice place to live ... public transport is very good , probably the best in the country , schools & hospitals are good , the state is well-governed , the administration is efficient for german standards , there are a lot of nice parks everywhere , a delicious mix of ethnic restaurants , nightlife during the weekend is great , enough drugs and prostitutes if you 're into that , and still infinitely safer than most of european cities . 
  and i 'm from the south . 
  thing is , us & canada can afford it . 
  we ca n't . 
  the only way for us to stay strong is to sit the fuck down and talk with each-other , and that includes from bmw to prostitute rights groups . 
  wissmann is a good guy, 
  the fuck , spain . 
  many britons worried about a `` hard brexit '' are clinging to a reassuring thought .
