   merkel is forced to resign by the other cdu guys . 
  she either wins and stays chancellor , or she loses and goes home , regardless of how much afd gets . 
   most people are not anti immigration cdu used to be openly anti-immigrant , you ca n't deny that . 
  that changed post-kohl , and i think it 's overall a good change . 
  it was unthinkable 20 years ago that you could walk into a cdu office & see someone with turkish roots working there . 
   a value of the cdu that comes into play here is reducing financial redistribution in favor of , for example , immigrants . 
  it 's a christian value to help ( and the cdu has more values than just being christian-y ) , but conservatives usually take into account that somebody 's got ta pay for it . 
  i agree . 
  it 's also making sure the state functions and is not disrupted . 
   i do n't trust her anymore . 
  her change from normal cdu politician to somebody whose agendas are more in line with the socialists and communists is something that deeply unsettles me . 
  she seems to be a trojan horse . 
  her decision to kill nuclear power in germany was another of those signs that she happily shits on her party 's agenda if it helps her own agenda . 
  but what is her own agenda ? 
  she does n't say . 
  voting merkel , you do n't know anymore what you gon na get . 
  as a conservative , i understand your sentiment , i have felt the same at certain moment . 
  i wo n't try to talk you out of it - you 're free to despise the chancellor as much as you want to . 
  but i will remind you that a. 
  elections are not there to display your emotions : elections are there so that you get to decide how the country is governed b. 
  a vote for afd is a vote for a bunch of nutjobs who do n't stand for all the things we take pride in as a country c. rrg will be worse . 
  in every sense . 
  always nice to see fellow conservatives in a sea of bernie bros like reddit , 
  oh , i 'm fine with that . 
  i 'm represented by sch\u00e4uble well enough . 
  feel free to pay since you find them low . 
  merkel was their best option . 
  sch\u00e4uble does n't want to run , de maiziere is despises and everyone else in the top is either openly xenophobic & homophobic , or a kid who 's never took on a serious project . 
  wan na pay mine ? 
  well , you have a vote you know . 
   schulz has been very supportive of some form of debt relief in southern europe , eurobonds oh how i wish for him to start campaigning on an `` eurobonds are good ! '', 
  campaign, 
  the problem is moms have an incentive to drop their part-time job & keep their kids at home to get extra money , which a. 
  keeps women outside the labor market b. 
  keeps poor kids at home while rich kids will go , socialize , learn stuff and get ahead c. hinders integration , when it comes to immigration do n't get me wrong , i get the logic behind it - people should make choices and the government has to allow grownups to take responsibility over their kids however they see fit . 
  if a woman wants to stay at home , hey , great for her and her kids , i wo n't tell her no . 
  but the woman is not losing money by keeping her kids at home , so why do we have to come up with this reimbursing system ? 
  would you be ok with black-green ? 
  let cdu do economy & foreign policy , let green do education & stuff like gay marriage . 
  she 's a stalinist-admirer ( a self-declared one ) and she went against her own words to win back votes they lost to the afd in such a disgusting way than her own co-leaders had to tell her to shut up . 
  you can be both a far-leftist and a demagogue you know . 
  it 's different to do it on a federal level a. 
  state matters are more everyday things where `` ideology '' does n't matter as much . 
  die linke on a state level might push for more bike to be used . 
  die linke on a federal level wants to leave nato . 
  less polarization on a state level - especially in smaller states , people know each-other and stay around for a while c. die linke in eastern states are more common-sense usually, 
  here , those people would n't vote for the spd anyway . 
  my stuffed pillow would get a +5 poll jump if he was surprisingly nominated instead of gabriel, 
   a reformist spirit like that of bernie he thinks the situation in germany is very good but can be made better . 
  he wants to do some little steps to improve things , not burn the system down . 
   people 's anxieties about immigration he 's pro-immigration i think . 
   not necessarily in germany , but in wider europe he 's elected by germans, 
   developing very nicely that 's pretty subjective . 
  i would have rather lived in berlin in 2012 than in 2017 . 
  i always thought of us being one-currency instead of 19-currencies-with-fixed-exchange-rates . 
   which she also caused , btw ... exhabaret . 
  but caused , seriously ? 
   i thought i could vote afd just once to get rid of merkel , and then go back to cdu , because what are the options ? 
  they 're not getting in power anytime soon . 
  what would make sense in your situation , would be voting for afd in the local elections as a protest vote , to push cdu to the right . 
  many people did that - loyal cdu voters in bw who switched to afd . 
  did it work ? 
   if the cdu were to stand for their base values . 
  but what are these base values ? 
  being anti-immigration used to be a cdu position , but you can hardly call it a value . 
  at the end of the day , there 's no `` and then jesus said : close the door on those that need help & implement transit zones '' in the bible . 
  listen , merkel 's refugee approach was bad and she lost control of the situation in 2015 & i 'll never forget that and will hold it against her . 
  but it was completely in line with what cdu is supposed to stand for : christian values . 
  christian do n't let people in the cold , and we do n't grimace when we help . 
  i believe her sept 4 decision was correct . 
  on sept 5 she should have gone to the media and said : `` it was an one-off decision , we will work for a deal with turkey to make sure it does n't happen again . 
  we ca n't take the entire world in because it threatens our stability '' . 
  in sept 5 2015 , not in march 2016 . 
   tell that to your neighbors kids i 'm gon na tell them to apply for apprenticeships because i 'm fucking tired of having 0 applicants for any position . 
  i 'm gon na tell them they 're fucking blessed to live someplace where they do n't need a high-school diploma to have a stable job that pays enough to keep them afloat . 
  i 'm gon na tell them to take advantage of the opportunities they have , because no generation in my country has had the opportunities they have . 
  and i 'm gon na tell them they live in a country where the great recession was n't felt in many parts of the country , where unemployment went down during our worst years , and in a country that only managed that because of free trade . 
   historic youth unemployment . 
  ahem , we have 3,4 % youth unemployment in bavaria . 
   tell them just how much more a vastly underpaid wage-slave from the developed world deserves a job than they do . 
  the world 's biggest net exporter is in no position to whine and cry about some evil brown person in bangladesh being forced to work like a slave to feed his kids . 
  what we should do is pushing those countries to fight human trafficking , you know , like tpp was supposed to do . 
   then try to telling them they ought to stay in the eu . 
  the eu is good for us . 
  depends on how much you want to read . 
  http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2014/12/01/quiet-german this is quite good - a couple of details are wrong , but otherwise a really good commentary if you want to divulge deeper & read a book : `` a chancellorship forged in crisis '' , it 's on pdf in english someplace online . 
  it takes time , but it 's very well-written and the whole greece thing is described very well . 
   kind of disliked compared to her previous numbers , yes , she used to be at 77 % at some point . 
  compared to any other democratically-elected leader of any country , she 's just fine . 
   reddit yeah , that says it all . 
   the fact is that the russian-finnish border is working is because of that . 
  or how the smuggling between italy & albania stopped . 
  it went from a huge crisis to a sea where no bird can pass undetected . 
  yeah , i 'm sure the people of libya are sooo happy to be ruled by different militias eachday . 
  obama was forced into it . 
  honestly , we should have done more to stop france from going all-nuts into libya, 
  exactly cash aid does n't work building training programs in libya ? 
  allowing them to export to europe ? 
  backing their security forces with equipment ? 
  my point was , she does n't have to get up in january 2017 and explain her stance on , for example , eurobonds . . she 's been here for 11 years , we know her stance .
