  my flatmate works on afternoons , so he always does that in summer and our apartment is really cool even in the hottest days . 
  depends on where you live . 
  i am perfectly used to having snow on monday , and wearing a thin t-shirt on friday . 
  i was in some weird place near split post-ny some years ago , and i had coffee by the seaside , wearing just a pullover . 
  back home , i had no way of getting out of my parents ' house without cleaning the snow . 
  he was * a good pm . 
  a very good one , concerning economy and infrastructure and both domestic and foreign issues for a long time . 
  then , he went nuts . 
  yeap , and he 's pretty proud about it . 
  i do n't know whether this mess is simply being reported because it 's about us and erdogan does a lot of similar stuff but we do n't here about it , or this is truly the most embarrassing pr charade the turkish government has gotten themselves into . 
  that 's a surprisingly low number . 
  in the early ' 90 , there was one single basket of criminal poles , ukrainians , belarusians , albanians , serbians , bulgarians , hungarians . 
  the concentration of criminals in these groups was incomparably higher than the concentration of criminals in today 's crisis . 
  then , after some years , the good guys from poland and ukraine and the rest started coming , and now poles are a perfectly integrated , well-behaved group . 
  so do n't use that `` single basket '' argument if you were n't here in the early ' 90 . 
  just like our government, 
  cmon , this is some r/polandball level of banter . 
  around 12 % of their imports are german products , lol . 
  because how will the guy impress the high schools babes without a mercedes badge ? 
  ahahahahaha what 's next will they stop eating d\u00f6ner to piss us off ? 
  you can shit on our mercedes , but you ca n't shit on her audi . 
  thank you for drinking fanta . 
  cost per wear babe . 
  if he visits the underground gay sex dungeon everyday , it makes sense . 
  it 's a very nice number , and it 's also very sustainable . 
  the difference is that drinking is so normal that you get used to it . 
  you know how much to drink not to get drunk , what to eat beforehand and what not , how to spread it out and everything else . 
  for a country where daily drinking is perfectly acceptable , we have a very low rate of dui accidents . 
  one thing i learned from this thread : religious education in school is a gift by god and should be offered to everybody , because obviously 90 % of commenters here have literally no idea about the bible , or christianity in general . 
  sorry for sounding arrogant , but seriously . 
  read up people . 
  if you do n't want to read the bible , you can read sth on wikipedia . 
  so , the problem boils down to having a shitty public school system . 
  our protestants had a very good education system that saved our ass . 
  are n't we lenient on religious schools too ? 
  thank god , for some reason , at least the catholic schools in my region never came up with * anything * even close to this stupid . 
  how does `` one person '' have a say in german education ? 
  how about you read up on these stuff before writing stuff ? 
  education is decentralized in germany . 
  something like a federal government pushing `` no child left behind '' would be so unconstitutional , every constitutionalist in germany would leave the country if it happened . 
  did he watch a movie about jesus or something ? 
  poland is not really much into , ahem , public manifestations of religion in public shared places due to the communist past . 
  i have a very religious friend from poland who was horrified when his daughter told him about a ( catholic ) prayer in school in our beautiful , multicultural , largely atheist country . 
  because you learn about religions from a `` scientific '' point of view . 
  we just had a priest preaching whatever he thought was appropriate when he woke up ( he was quite interesting btw , and actually bothered to explain some stuff about other religions ), 
  implying we need games to drink . 
  how naive . 
  oh youuu , if it 's saturday 3am , so no traffic , you can drive from the airport to ziel in exactly an hour , so it should count . 
  i mean ... you do drink a lot . 
  nope . 
  the bottle has to have a `` deposit '' on it . 
  exactly . 
  i just wanted to say `` czechia can not into germanic '' , but that i remember there were sorted bins in prague & brno . 
  let 's not make this map a 62,2 % , shall we ? 
  nope , you ca n't . 
  you 'd get the same legal treatment as scientology . 
  if we ban contraceptives or abortions , we end up in the same situation as your roma community . 
  we do n't have either of those ( well , maybe childcare , but still comparable ) , and still we have one of the lowest birthrates in the world . 
  of all classmates with which i have kept contact , only * one * has a kid , and she married a rich man and stays at home . 
  and that 's not great either . 
  it 's actually scary . 
  but the resolution specifically apologizes for our role . 
  it 's not like we 're whitewashing it . 
  even if we did n't acknowledge anything ... we were stopped by the us . 
  you think they 'd * ever * let anyone forget about it ? 
  it 's an entire new level of embarrassing . 
  i never made fun of my german-turk ( whatever the term , you get my point ) about turkey until five years ago , but now i have new material every week . 
  depends on how much the teacher sticks by the program . 
  i learned everything well . 
  my brother 's teacher was an idiot , who was basically `` nation state - we lost a war - we went crazy for a decade and did some shitty stuff - yay , strong economy '', 
  wait , wait . 
  zaman is the anti-erdogan one right ? 
  bild never goes this far . 
  they * might * have said anything about erdogan wife 's tits , but never call her a genocidal woman . 
  instead , they 'd be led by a fat blonde woman with shitty fashion taste ? 
  because those are all in poland now anyway . 
  plus , have you * ever * checked \u00d6zil 's facebook ? 
  same here . 
  and i 've voted for cdu/csu twice in general elections , but i blame her , and then her party , then the coalition , then the parliament , and that 's where the blame game ends most of the time . 
  we should launch a club of all us merkel-blamers . 
  let 's call it ... european ... union ? 
  what could possibly go wrong . 
  this is * definitely * not the right moment . 
  it 's literally the worst moment i can think of in my whole lifetime . 
  fictional ? 
  ukrainian and moldavian girls working here as prostitutes came here to wok as cashiers . 
  they do n't have to beat them or anything - but they either give 80 % of their earnings to the pimp , or go back home , and there 's always the `` tell the police & i 'll kill your family '' ear candy . 
  yes , i am sure population density explains half of poland . 
  the fuck is `` krakow '' doing on your flair if you ask for a source ? 
  same logic for stuttgart let 's declare this region the global capital of cars and chemical industry oh there 's no wind and the pollution stays there forever ? 
  perfect !, 
  ooo , you 're making fun of our guys . 
  ca n't speak about the us . 
  walmart here was 30 % more expensive than aldi . 
  read . 
  the . 
  damn . 
  article . 
   do you know anyone personally who did so in a government sponsored trip ? 
  are these programs for those in gynamisum , or also real/hoch shuchle ?
