   nine opposition deputies were arrested what the flying fuck  they even went so far as to produce fake x-ray images wtf . 
  of her `` female organs '' ? 
  not even * our * media has done that . 
  * yet * i read the ambassador 's statement btw and it was stupid . 
  tl ; dr your country looks to be in some deep shit my friend . 
  good luck . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  if you 're not lazy to write and explain it , i 'd be thankful . 
  how exactly would you want the french welfare system to function ? 
  and you have profited so massively from the eu it 's mind-boggling and wtf poland ? 
  like ... thanks , but wtf ? 
  the main problem is how they would be registered without any issues if the document is not biometric ? 
  i think you remember it when serbia switched to biometric documents and applied for eu talks and all that . 
  my id and a serbian id are machine-readable , but is that the case with pakistan ? 
  even more , what happens with those without papers ? 
  that 's without discussing how they have arrived in europe through the sea and the majority last summer , and a certain portion of 2016 arrivals were not registered properly in greece or italy . 
  then they enter austria - the schengen border - without proper registration , and then we 're surprised when they end up with five identities with two genders in three different refugee shelters in three different states in germany . 
  they do n't fingerprint you , but they do register your passport electronically right ? 
  you do n't just wave your id and go ahead to belgrade ? 
  yes , if the data would be there . 
  they are not * in * the database . 
  that 's the issue . 
  i see you have a slovenian flag : if you go to serbia , the serbian gov will know you 're in the territory and they will know you left the second you leave the country . 
  but a person from pakistan can be in greece , italy , serbia , austria , slovenia , germany , etc without his fingerprints being registered anywhere . 
  and if that person has committed a crime in , say , france , austria has no means to know it right ? 
  why bother to take them then ? 
  use the extra 30 seconds to give them a bottle of car . 
  i understand how they can not share them with germany right away , but i am pretty sure it 's fine if they just * keep * the fingerprints . 
  this way , it could be used in the future for god-knows-what ... maybe even terrorism prevention . 
  edit : bottle of water . 
  / u/xcerj61 & / u/berzelus i drank too much water and got drunk apparently, 
  because having the word `` sex offender '' printed on your passport for having sex with your 15 year old girlfriend is sooo fun . 
  oh we had that . 
  something about work setting you free ... oh wait , you want work setting them in jail . 
  shit . 
  no pregnant women ? 
  where is ursula when you need her ? 
  the max is 15 years . 
  anyway , i do n't get your point . 
  should we sit down and take each sentence in every law in every country and analyze how `` fair '' it is ? 
  in my eyes , it 's local news . 
  kind of like the news about that police officer that was posted here an hour ago `` three poles attack a kazakh , a civil police intervenes and gets hit , goes to hospital '' . 
  how about we start posting links about marital rapes ? 
  shop burglaries ? 
  traffic fines ? 
  where is the line between a local crime story , with no relevance whatsoever to the whole continent and a `` world news '', 
   german interior minister thomas de maiziere on sunday said austria 's decision to impose daily limits on the number of asylum seekers it would accept while letting thousands of others transit through sends `` the wrong signal '' and is `` unacceptable '' . 
  because it affects us, 
  / u/ddoucme report :p, 
  debt for structural investment , yes , we need that debt for consumption , welfare increases , etc - no it run true for me , for the company i work at and the state . 
  i would take a loan to buy a house ; i wo n't take a loan to go visit mexico . 
  i second this, 
  other countries would look bad no ? 
  :p germany was 100 % to get you in eu , no questions asked , even if free movement was blocked later . 
  i remember early ' 20 , me being a kid , talking to dad about this and him saying `` they will bring them in and it 'll be good for them '' . 
  yes , the balance was tipped in our favor , but france underestimated you or thought you had old grudges and would get you on their side . 
  please do n't forget it 's the same country that bullied the rest of europe into a common currency and got fucked by it . 
  france : fuck you for leaving everything on our back for the last decade . 
  it was certainly nice to get the pan-continental backlash for everything from greek crisis to austerity to spain to eastern europe infrastructure to romanian anti-corruption to crimea to russian sanctions to the latest immigrants to brexit to god-knows-what , while you stayed home and drank wine . 
  can we get our government back from brussels now ? 
  yes, 
  afghan numbers are especially skewed . 
  i have a volunteer page liked on facebook and when they report numbers , they are like `` there are fifty afghan citizens , among whom three women , one of them pregnant , and five children '' . 
  off-topic : how is the situation on site ? 
  i did n't know we own you :') business taxes here are a mess . 
  three minutes ? 
  more like three weeks , a bag of paracetamol , a six pack of redbulls and 100 points for slytherin, 
  you are not wrong at all , but `` german nazis forcing greeks to starve and work 60 hours a week to save french banks '' is a click-baity title, 
  people and businesses would not keep money in the bank in that situation due to low confidence --  less available funds for loans . 
  it would crush our entire financial system, 
  nope , french, 
  shhhh , do n't disturb the circle jerk, 
  rising domestic demand of course , have n't you heard about it ? 
  you 're mixing two different things : the demographic factor and the economic factor . 
  the unemployment rate ( u3 in this case ) is not there to measure how many people are in work compared to how many are in total . 
  it 's a purely economic metric , that shows , i repeat , the ratio of those who are unemployed according to this definition of unemployment to the total * labor force * . 
  if in a bag there are ten items , 2 of them are oranges , 2 are lemons and the rest are books , oranges are 20 % of the total , because we 're finding the ratio of the oranges . 
  if we wanted the ratio for fruits , it would be 40 % . 
  there is no `` skewing '' . 
  say both greece and spain have 100 people . 
  in greece , 30 are unemployed ( again , our u3 definition of unemployment ) , 10 are soldiers/working moms/disabled and 60 are employed . 
  the total labor force ( people * available * for work ) is 90 . 
  unemployment is 30/90 = 33 % spain has 40 unemployed ( our definition of unemployment ) , no soldiers or working moms or disabled people and 60 are employed . 
  total labor force is 100 ( available for work ) . 
  unemployment is 40/100 = 40 % unemployment in spain * looks * higher than in greece because the spanish unemployment ** is ** higher than the greek unemployment . 
  of course , i know the stats . 
  i fully understand how my sister is more at risk of being raped by her husband in the future than by a shady algerian smoking in a train station . 
  but the psychological difference is a matter of control - there is a reason why no one shows outrage about a marital rape or when a prostitute reports it ( i am not saying it 's less horrendous , just talking about reaction ) , but they do about a `` public '' rape . 
  the probability for my sister to get raped by her husband is , as we speak , the exact same as it was five years ago . 
  the probability of her being catcalled , verbally harassed , followed home , touched , assaulted or raped by a stranger is higher today than it was five years ago . 
  again , no , it does not count . 
  there are rules how unemployment is calculated and there is no country , on earth , that includes those in military service as part of the labor force * because they are not part of the labor force *, 
  it 's not a matter of leaving the country . 
  even now , even for women , germany is still among the safest countries on earth - the problem is , it was safer a year or four years ago and we do n't see the same thing anymore . 
  for a 20 year old girl ( hint : my sister ) , to have wandered around at all hours , sober and drunk , using trains freely and all that , and now having to watch your surroundings late at night , avoiding `` shady '' places where she 'd go in the past and making sure to be accompanied after 12pm * is * bad, 
  nope . 
  i just passed through two checking points inside croatia . 
  will do so in the future ... far future probably : /, 
  never been in the us , but the albanian experience was traumatic in its own . 
  the funny thing is traffic was absolutely fine in kosovo .
