  or to put it in another way : the yield on british bonds is higher than the yield on german bonds . 
  but britain is not part of the ez . 
  no , i love decentralization . 
  i was talking against putting federal institutions in different places . 
  i fully agree that having the same currency as greece helps our exports , i said that twice in this very thread , and everyone who 's taken a semester of economics will tell you that much . . 
  i also told you i do n't get the subsidy from the debt cost . 
   how capital cities are systematically richer than the surrounding areas , sometimes richer than everywhere else in the country . 
  ha ha h. . . * goes to a corner & cries *  i wonder if it would be feasible to spread government institutions through more than one city , so that they 'd drain some of the economic activity that follows around with them . 
  ja we do that . 
  pro-tip : do n't do it . 
  i meant immediately after taking the case . 
  yes , it will probably be after elections . 
  * sigh *, 
   are you also from the area ? 
  since you seem to know quite some about it !, 
  no , but i spend many of my youth days there , and those were rough times . 
  and now i have to come at least once a month for work . 
  so yeah , restaurant recommendations are welcomed !, 
   i hate frankfurt in general . 
  its dirty , ugly as hell in most parts ( some are quite beautiful ) . 
  i love the city  yes , it 's ugly , but it has a nice `` rugged '' charm , while being better managed than , say , berlin , or other `` rugged cities in europe . 
  public transport is better than in other parts of the country , and it 's compact while giving out a big-city vibe . 
   in my town in frankfurt , we had a radical priest in our mosque here who tried to indoctrinate kids into believing that radical shit . 
  but its good that we have ( or had now ot got worse here , and more criminal ) if you do n't mind , where do you live ? 
   but yeah , i hate the aggression here in frankfurt , if you are out in the nightlife , you really shouldnt be alone and always watch yourself , even in a group . . that 's more or less everywhere tho , and in my limited experience , most of frankfurt has gotten safer in the last years , esp . 
  the area around the central station & around dornbusch . 
   i seem that `` german '' kids got bullied for not beeing moslem and even beaten for that . 
  yeap , i 've heard the same thing . 
  i 've also walked around gallus at 4-5 in the morning with a friend ( he is an immigrant with bad german ; he had to do his res permit w/o an appointment at there . . and btw why the fuck did they put the tram so far away from the office ) , and at some point i told him his skincolor ( he 's from iran & quite dark ) made me feel safer . 
  and that 's not sth i should ever say . 
  the constitutional court will strike it down immediately tho so . . 
  dude , you got ta keep your kebab game in order . 
  our d\u00f6nerbox thing is meat , fries , and then they pour butter over the whole thing . 
  it 's delicious , but more than once have i had grease slip through the bottom . 
  and it 's 4-5 euros , depending on where you get it . 
  i 'm not trying to bash you , i 'm just feeling like you pulled some numbers & i ca n't make the connection between them ( granted , i 'm not an economist ) . 
  i apologize if my comments sounded rough . 
   the historic average , including the extremes from 1970-2000 was 5 % in most of the periphery . 
  but why are you assuming the same holds true in the 21st century , when their population growth is negative ( and way inside negative territory ) ? 
  or are you using directly 3 % as periphery inflation , and 0 % as german ? 
   most of their economies where either less diversified or more seasonal . 
  a larger currency area smooths those differences out and makes the currency more atractive to currency holders and investors , hence smoothing out the curve even further . 
  i still do n't get the connection between multiplying the periphery inflation rate with the germany-less-ez-gdp & saying that 's a subsidy . 
   balance of trade - ( change in public + private debt ) that year . 
  when you bring money from the furture to the present , you need to make that part of your calculation . 
  could you please explain in simpler terms ? 
   germany is the only ez country with both dropping private as well as publid debt to gdp . 
  probably yes , but that 's also because we have a cultural aversion against debt , it 's not just a conspirancy ecb mega-plan . 
   at 8.50 euros an hour people are n't buying like mad . 
  yes , but millions of people are pulled up from 4 euros to 8,5 euros an hour , that 's almost a thousand euros a month . 
  and since they 're a low income group , almost all of it goes to spending . 
  when an increase ( or in our case , implementation ) of a minimum wage does n't lead to job losses , it 's actually the best instrument to increase consumption while respecting free-market principles . 
   social spending should effectively be increasing consumption since the government can be a domestic consumer . 
  any significant increase in social spending is unsustainable due to our age structure . 
  social spending ( all things counted ) is 52 % of our budget . 
  where do you want it to be ? 
  at which point will the most productive part of the society say `` fuck this shit , i 'm out '' ? 
   germany also imports almost as much as it exports no , we export much more than what we import , that 's the problem we 're discussing here . 
  we are the single , highest net-exporter in the whole fucking world , despite being 1 % of the population & one of the countries with the highest cost of living in the world . 
  we have to get our imports up . . there 's no way we 're gon na get our exports down anytime soon . 
   perhaps a push to buy domestic or a tax incentive to would help germans want vws over us brands like toyota . 
  you know perfectly well that would earn us dozens of trump tweets about protectionism , bmw tariffs , `` america first '' , etc etc, 
  `` polish bailouts '' may look like an interesting buzzword but have nothing to do with the fact that our government enacted the right policies * in germany * . 
  if the same careful fiscal expansion was used in the south , we would n't have this huge crisis ( yes , i know we 're partly to blame for the south ) . 
  you 're dismissing our government 's approach to the crisis in a massive way . 
  on the other hand , the bailouts we were talking about in this thread were not for some tiny polish bank someplace , but for greece as in , their budget . 
   as long as germany has a lower sovereign risk premium than eurzone neighbors who have same or lower debt/gdp ratios , ( nl , lux , be aus , and finland ) then please , please , * please * explain why germany has this lower risk premium . 
  are you blaming our government for being responsible with its money ? 
  having a low risk premium is not a * bad * thing you know . 
  other countries should try to do the same , and let me guess why they ca n't . 
   then these countries are subsidizing any and all sovereign borrowing in germany . 
  uhm , why ? 
  let 's say our rates are 0 % because investors all around the world want to park their money with the german state . 
  the dutch rate is 2 % because while many people want to park their money there , less investors decide to do it . 
  how is netherlands subsidizing us ? 
  their debt , their investors , their rate . 
  i ca n't see the connection here ... germany has always had the lowest sovereign debt rates in europe , it 's not sth new or revolutionary . 
  if nl is subsidizing us in 2017 , why was n't it subsidizing it in 1987 ? 
  because i bet the spread was even bigger back then . 
   according to classical economics , prices are influenced by fundamental factors , which , in this specific case , means that the cost of debt is influenced by the debt/gdp ratio . 
  and risk premium as you said , because if only debt/gdp is taken in account , estonia should have a -10 % interest rate and we should stay at 0 % . 
  the fuck does hate speech have to do with electronically tagging people w/o due process ? 
  it 's interesting how frankfurt as a region has a bigger problem with salafism than other cities , despite having a lower % of arabs ( the usual problematic group ) than , say , hamburg or nrw cities or stuttgart or even munich . 
  i wonder how much of it can be explained by a `` paris '' phenomen : the fact that due to high inequality in the city , neighborhoods are more segregated based on income than in other german cities , which will of course also lead to more ethnic-based segregation , which leads to more isolation and thus more participation in islamist circles . 
  basically there are more germans in altona than in parts of offenbach . 
  because i ca n't explain it through other methods - hessen has a pretty decent police force , very low unemployment , good schools , and a comparably low % of potential problematic individuals . 
  but . . 
  i really like the service there , and the guy always informs me of all transfer rumors . 
  i think i 'll take the risk of him shooting me , in exchange of knowing who 's the next cute footballer perez wants to spend 100 million on . 
  and then pierre vogel gets his ex-neo-nazi buddy & establishes the biggest salafist network in the country . 
  but hey , your `` diversity '' pick should cover catholic families from wuppertal right ? 
  this is * wrong * . 
  i was discussing this matter with the arab ( he 's def from the me , but i ca n't remember which country ) waiter at the takeaway place close to my work . 
  he 's a secular guy and a loyal atletico madrid fan , and he was pro the measure . . maybe to `` defend '' himself , i dunno . 
  i started ranting in middle of the place . 
   by germany shooting for a 0-1 % inflation rate , and the rest of the euro denominated economies would normally experience a 2-5 % inflation rate , germany is effectively being subsidized at : 11t euro gdp - 3.3 t = 6.7 t 6.7 t * 3 % inflation rate = 200b ok now wait i understand how having spain with the same currency as germany cheapens our exports . 
  i have done enough economics to understand the intuition & the logic behind this . 
  now , for the love of god , wtf are those calculations ? 
  are you saying that unless de was in the ez , the south would have 5 % inflation ? 
  & why do you think so ?
