  comments on the anti-corruption threads . 
   steady population growth how many eu countries have that ? 
  yes , but then the entire reddit complains about part-time jobs . 
   and this likely to be ongoing , if the reactions of germany to the eurozone crisis are any indication . 
  we `` bounced '' back from the crisis more or less perfectly , and parts of the country did n't even feel the crisis . 
  our unemployment actually went down during the great recession . 
  because you wo n't get a vote if eu goes down . 
  we 'll do whatever the hell fits out interests , and there 's no way you 'd be able to fight back . 
  the budget was decided in sept 2016 , buddy . 
  trump would n't be able to humiliate merkel if his life depended on it . 
  as merkel loves to say : we 're 80 million , and we are competing with a 1,4 billion china & a 1,3 billion india . 
  the swiss hate everyone , but i ca n't see wtf the other guy is trying to say, 
  die linke too, 
  not in january 2017 i think . 
  your 2 % is kinda huge tho . 
  our 1 , sth % is also really huge , we 're just spending it inefficiently . 
  agriculture & tech industry , covered . 
  doctors & nurses ? 
  do you know how big the shortages are in small towns ? 
  how nurses from philippines , croatia , albania , italy , etc. 
  have kept the system afloat for over a decade now ? 
  service industry relies heavily on immigrants construction industry is almost entirely reliant on immigrants , esp . 
  those from ex-yugoslavia ( your plumber is probably serbian ) and in the physical part ( which btw is not coffee serving : it requires training & skills ; and good luck finding any ethnic german there ) so which are the sectors you 're referencing ? 
  because your food is in your table because of immigrants . 
  your house was built by immigrants . 
  your coffee is served by immigrants . 
  and if you 're sick , you 're gon na go to an immigrant . 
  my house-doctor is turkish . 
  my dentist is armenian . 
  you 're wrong , * to my best knowledge * . 
  i have a brother and plenty of friends in the tech industry , and they 're surrounded by spaniards , indians , hungarians , poles . 
  why ? 
  because there are simply not enough qualified germans in the industry . 
  if you think a native does n't have an advantage over the spaniard who speaks two words of german , you 're wrong . . but there 's no native . 
  he said many , not most . 
  and it 's true that many do , but it 's not `` most '' from my experience, 
  the body-scanner in frankfurt has made me smile twice , and i was checked both times . 
  pro-tip : people , stay serious when that things is scanning your body . 
  you were talking about immigrants , no refugees . 
  how not ? 
  if our future is digitalization , then please get inside any software firm in germany & count how many `` ethnic germans '' you find in there . 
  the voting system is complicated , but at the end of the day , the parliament composition will be on the same proportions as that polls you 're looking at ( implying that the poll is 100 % correct ), 
  people do n't mind the turkish market across the street ( dude , get your veggies there ) , but when the question of immigration is mixed with budget stability , public safety , terrorism . . you can bet your ass people will care . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  we have 5 . 
  the other 3 do n't have a chance , but if the world turns over and one of them gets the job , i 'm absolutely fine with them . 
  yeap , i 'll talk more once the program is out , i was just addressing the interview, 
  less anti-russia than merkel then, 
  refugee crisis management ? 
  should be more or less merkel immigration in general ? 
  more pro-immigration, 
  make die linke great again ? 
  dunno why i thought it was on 25 . 
  anyway , thank you for the information , i was under the assumption that polls were conducted ( & finished ) before 25 . 
  i fully agree that we should spend more . 
  the populist thing i was referring to is saying `` we 'll spend more on everything ! '', 
  w/o providing any info on how that will be accomplished . 
  they were published after schulz . 
  they were conducted before 25/01 . 
  source with the date when it was conducted , instead of the date it was published ? 
  which poll was conducted after it ? 
  mallorca bundesland best bundesland, 
  yes , but i would n't want my elections to turn into a charade of `` he said , she said '' . 
  there 's something wrong when he wants `` those who attack women around the train stations ( referring to k\u00f6ln ) to feel the full force of the law '' , but is perfectly fine with his party stopping all deportations from the state of berlin . 
  and during that interview he mentioned higher pensions ( did n't talk about any market reforms ) , higher wages , more spending on the police ( against , let 's totally ignore his party blocking spending for new tech required for the police force , or the fact that most of that stuff is regulated on a state level , and we all know which are the least safe states ) , more education spending , more social security , and did n't mention how that 's supposed to work . 
  then bashed trump on top of that , and i did n't get wtf was he trying to say about the eu reforms . 
  and the journalist . . my god . 
  yes , but if you think schulz will have the balls to mention the words `` eurobonds '' during key electoral meetings , you 're in for a bad surprise . 
  he 's campaigning , and when you 're campaigning , you do n't advertise what 90 % of your voters are against . 
  a. technically correct b. schulz has a welcome bonus . 
  merkel has been in office for 11 + years , and is currently dealing with the biggest mess since reunification ( due to some of her actions , in part ) . 
  a breath of fresh air is sth people like the idea of , even if later end up switching to the tried-and-true in times of great changes c . it does n't matter how popular he is if it does not affect the spd enough for a rrg government to form . 
  and on top of that , he also has to make sure die linke do n't go apeshit crazy & start bashing nato while in government . 
  i meant the post-schulz-big-day . 
  because the other polls have cdu at 36-37 % , and spd at 22-23 % . 
  people who hate sigmar but are leftists may move back to spd from die linke . 
  schulz & sigmar may be besties , but he has a different profile . 
   yesterday for example he said that `` the only party the csu could form a coalition with is the afd '' due to seehofers `` praise '' ( read a misquoted diplomatic answer ) for trump i heard that one , but i had not heard about any policy proposals from him that 's why i asked . 
   stegner wait i am out of loop on this one . 
  care to fill me in ? 
  polling station run by afd members should support the afd , i 'd say . 
  the leftist polling stations overestimated afd in the last two state elections ( berlin & meck-pomm ) . 
  the leftist polling stations also underestimated spd in rhineland-pfalz & niedersachsen . 
  oh and by the way , this one leftist polling agency is ran by an afd member . 
  but insa always show crazy low numbers for the union . 
  at some point around november they put them at 29 % while the rest of the pollsters had them at 34 % . 
  understandable , that 's what you get when half of your voters do n't have internet , and yougov uses exclusively online polling i think . 
  which is bad . 
  can we wait for the other polls ? 
  it should be around end of the week, 
  that really does n't say much . 
  spd could drop below 20 % if another sigmar scandal popped out . 
  csu voter . 
  i normally bash spd . 
  he 's a good guy . 
  definitely much better than sigmar . 
  he 'd be a competent chancellor . 
  i will volunteer during the campaign against the guy , but if he wins , the world wo n't turn upside down . 
  he 's pretty similar to merkel personality-wise . 
  may be more passionate about the eu , but merkel is more passionate than him in other stuff .
