  how we deal with russia is our business . 
  the american fear-mongering and whatever they tried to mess with in ukraine is none of our business . 
  they want to go back to the cold war ? 
  fine . 
  how we deal with the me is our business . 
  we wanted to stay out of iraq - we stayed out of iraq . 
  we wanted to stay out of libya - we stayed out of libya . 
  both turned out to be the right decisions . 
  maybe they should be the ones listening about this . 
  how we deal with poland is our business . 
  we managed to build a relationship that 's fruitful for both parties on our own , why on hell should we take advice from another continent . 
  they get their energy from saudi fucking arabia , but according to this article , they should not allow germany to get gas from russia ? 
  this is n't 1950 anymore . 
  they are a strong partner , one of the best we 've ever had , but they 're not our guiding light and moral compass . 
  we managed to rebuilt ourselves ( with their help , of course ) , we managed to stay on top of our businesses , we have taken care of half of europe for years and years . 
  we are managing just fine through the mud and the accusations and the `` nazis destroying greece '' and whatnot . 
  we can take care of ourselves , thank you very much . 
   jawohl , from now on we are going to ask our master , the us , for permission every time why should we specifically ask ? 
  they tap phones , they can listen to all conversations , then take the decision on their own and send it via fax . 
  then please tell your secretary of state , his honour john kerry not to order the bulgarian government against alternative pipelines . 
  you should ask kerry , ze ` murican , not merkel ze german about the south stream . 
  bcz ze german fell over herself to help it , but bulgaria preferred to take orders from ze outsider . 
  it 's fine , it 's fine . 
  in the grand scheme of thing , people hating germany will turn out better for eu than people hating germany , france , austria , uk , netherlands and finland . 
  of course we are blessed to be born here . 
  which does n't mean we should be happy with things that make us blessed to go away . 
   yeah but despite there being a lot more turks in comparison to germans back then it did n't destroy the german culure/society . 
  now the economy is in a very good shape and there is way less immigrants ( compared to germans ) than back then . 
  destroy ? 
  of course not . 
  damage ? 
  sure yes . 
  and keep in mind , turks ( or ee ) are not very problematic . 
  yeah , sure . 
  if millions and millions of immigrants were n't given free housing , social assistance and a half-blind justice system , you 'd bet they would n't come in millions and millions and refuse to learn the language properly , integrate and get a job . 
   because the economic situation in germany for most people is as good as never before . 
  this is enough stupid on it 's own  if politicians are serious in their assertions that our values and laws must be acknowledged ( by the migrants ) , than we can not tolerate or accept a situation where ( migrants ) refuse to touch the hand of a woman ( ? ), 
  or refuse to accept food given to them by a woman . 
  this ^  where are the feminists now this is not the feminists ' issue . 
  refusing to be treated by a female doctor is a downright crazy thing that should n't be accepted in a normal , 21th century society . 
  it does n't matter whether one is a feminist , a woman , a man , a transgendered person , a dog , a bird , a flower - we should never accept that . 
  and he 's predictable anyway . 
  you can predict the exact structure of his speeches - not simply the ideas he 'll want to present , but how he 'll do it , with what tone and using what words, 
  his german is good btw, 
  am i the only one that always found his speeches unlikable ? 
  it 's like hollywood , pathetic , predictable and waaay too dramatic and `` harvard-schoolboy-like '' for my liking, 
  i saw a documentary about your pm , he sounded cool, 
  why on hell people fall for screaming and stupid , emotional rhethoric is beyond me . 
  statesmen are supposed to govern , not act like cheerleaders in some dortmund schalke match . 
  i liked her when she actually took her time to explain why a decision was being taken , backed up by facts , data , financial preventives , pro and cons and everything . 
  and yes , she can scream all wants during a match , we all do . 
  yes , but if i get a driving license in the us with an automatic shift car , am i legally allowed to drive a stick-shift ( manual ) car ? 
  i know nothing about him , but i have no problem with politicians with no oral skills being elected . 
  it 's entirely possible to be both an effective state leader and have no charisma, 
  a beyond-brilliant french-british idea *, 
  countries like the czech republic have lower unemployment rates than italy ... greece and spain ... sweden , finland , austria , belgium , france ... 
  etc etc etc, 
  sorry if i sound stupid , but do you get your license for a manual shift ? 
  or is there an option to not do it ? 
  do not spoil it , will you ? 
  `` wait what , there will be snow in january ??? 
  how come ??? '', 
  you mean tolerant towards guns in your country ? 
  because there have been more victims by mass shootings in 2015 in america than there have been victims of islamic terrorism and mass shootings together here since decades, 
  i had fun last night by the way . 
  happy new year !, 
  in a metro , they do . 
  underground , small tubes , the pressure is high . 
  remember the london bombings ? 
  the explosive with the smallest weight caused most victims , because the track where the train was located was super-small, 
  taking a break from cooking have fun tonight and remember , 2016 ca n't be worse than 2015 . 
  happy ny !, 
  and i do n't support them , so i do n't get your point . 
  when i think what i spend is being used for a bad thing , i do n't buy that product . 
  after their 127 scandals , i do n't buy nestle products anymore . 
  simple as that . 
  exit deutschland has done the same thing and i think it 's a brilliant finding . 
  oh yes , against their holy ideals of superior genes, 
  immigrants , not traditional minorities . 
  both i guess , however when someone comes to my country , i 'd expect him to adapt . 
  i would n't want a terrorist attack to happen in my country - whether i will be killed on one is another matter . 
  a terrorist attack happening in my country is a pretty bad thing to happen and guess what , there is a huge statistical chance it will . 
  so you better grow a dick and understand than your personal safety is not the only thing that matters . 
  if you 'd bother to check my history , you 'd a million comments against lw hooligans . 
  there is nothing wrong with being against skinheads attacking shelters and killing turkish shop owners . 
  do you get that ? 
  and greece along the way . 
  there was a real possibility of a grexit and trust me , her approval rate would reach 90 % if she went for that option, 
  such a cute bunch, 
  98 cents , yahoo, 
  if you commute a lot , you can get work done when using a train rather than enjoying the terrible traffic peaks, 
  and we 've gone through way too much to paralyze our societies over threats . 
  have fun tomorrow !, 
  i usually write `` z pozdrowieniami '' twice per day on emails , so i already feel half-polish !, 
  / s however , how in hell pis ended up winning those elections is still beyond me, 
  why did n't we do the same in 2015 , 2014 , 2013 ... 2000 ... 1990 ... 1980 ... what makes 2016 so special ? 
  since nov 13 , there 's a thought on the back of my head `` we 're next '' we have returned fighters from syria , we have a problem with segregated minorities , we brought in over a million refugees , our police has no centralization compared to france and they have no islamic terrorism experience . 
  we are the biggest nation of eu and one of the strongest economies in the world . 
  we have a huge immigrated population , a liberal society and are among those less affected by the rise of rw extremism in eu . 
  there have been a minimal number of raids and arrests and we never understood what really happened in hannover .
