  i find myself torn between gut and head . 
  my head says that people become tired of leaders who have led for 12 years . 
  it says that the spd 's poll advance in recent months is unprecedented ; that mr schulz is rattling the handle of a conspicuously unlocked door . 
  it says that he is somehow different from the many men who have taken on ms merkel and been flattened in the process ( like trees in the path of a new autobahn , as der spiegel put it of her destruction of friedrich merz , a one-time rival for the cdu leadership ) . 
  but my gut says that germany , a small-c conservative country , is too fond of stability and too comfortable a place for people to risk change . 
  head or gut ? 
  which is right ? 
  in the coming months , kaffeeklatsch will cover the election campaign as it unfolds . 
  stay tuned . 
  shortly after his emergence as the spd 's candidate for chancellor , martin schulz was interviewed on `` anne will '' , one of germany 's top political talk-shows . 
  quizzed on his prospects of victory he observed that the spd had picked up about ten points in the polls in one week . 
  `` if we carry on rising at that pace i imagine i will win '' he replied , dead-pan . 
  it was about two parts humour , one part sheer bravura . 
  for a few weeks the confidence was borne out . 
  the spd had drawn almost level with the cdu for the first time in seven years -- and held that position in poll after poll . 
  something was happening . 
  this was a trend . 
  only partially tongue-in-cheek internet memes celebrated the #schulzzug ( the `` schulz train '' ) and proclaimed : mega ( `` make europe great again '' ) . 
  `` saint martin '' ran a cover of der spiegel . 
  a satirical tv show mocked up cdu posters showing the chancellor gesturing approvingly at her spd rival : `` vote merkel -- she knows martin schulz personally ! '' the hype had to cool eventually . 
  and the big chill came on march 26th , with the saarland state election . 
  polls suggested that the spd there , previously far behind , was closing in on the cdu . 
  would this be the first dramatic expression of the schulz effect ? 
  no , came the reply : the spd lost one point of support , the cdu gained five . 
  to be sure , this was a small state with a very popular minister president ; and the spd did outperform its pre-schulz polling . 
  but since then national polls have seen the party wobble slightly , from about one point behind the cdu to about three now . 
  in the latest zdf politics barometer , published today , angela merkel opens up an eight point lead in the `` k-frage '' ( the question of whom voters would most like to be chancellor ) , where the two were neck-and-neck last month . 
  comparisons are drawn with peer steinbr\u00fcck , like mr schulz a gutsy rhinelander on the spd right , who enjoyed a brief poll boost after his selection as chancellor candidate ahead of the 2013 election . 
  mrs merkel went on to win that contest with a 16 point lead . 
  will mr schulz go the same way ? 
  probably not , is the answer : mr schulz 's poll boost is much larger than that enjoyed by mr steinbr\u00fcck . 
  he is a fresher face to most germans ( his predecessor had been finance minister under mrs merkel ) . 
  he probably has better judgment than mr steinbr\u00fcck , whose most impactful media intervention during the 2013 campaign may have been his pose for a magazine cover , two weeks before the vote , giving the camera the middle finger and a sarcastic expression . 
  still , whether mr schulz can consolidate and build on his stratospheric initial rise is questionable . 
  with almost half a year to go until a volatile general election , informed speculation about mr schulz 's prospects ( the berlin parlour game du jour ) is the best an honest pundit can offer . 
  so here , in the service of that endeavour , are what i see as his main strengths and weaknesses : strengths the ordinary bloke factor . 
  i witnessed this during a day with mr schulz on the campaign trail in saarland . 
  he has an almost clintonian ( bill ) ability to make regular voters feel listened to and included ; in the squares of saarbr\u00fccken he slapped backs , munched a sausage and bantered with shoppers without a trace of awkwardnss . 
  his stump speeches are populated by what i took to considering `` schulz 's people '' -- the cast of characters personalising his case for a stronger social safety net . 
  there is the shop assistant fired for a minor mistake , the fat cat who drives his business to the wall and gets a giant payoff , the single mother who wants to work but ca n't afford the childcare . 
  to listen to him orate is to pay a visit to schulz-town , a place where ( like something out of a 19th century novel ) everyone stands for some social force , where everyone 's personal story is a parable . 
  indeed , schulz-town exists : w\u00fcrselen , the suburb of aachen where mr schulz was mayor from 1987 to 1998 . 
  w\u00fcrselen , mr schulz 's neighbours there and even his own family stand for germany in his speeches . 
  the notion moves some of his former brussels colleagues to hilarity and/or fury -- the european capital has something of a love-hate relationship with the former european parliament president -- but in german political terms he is undeniably relatable . 
  novelty . 
  as one member of mr schulz 's team put it to me : he is in a perfect middle ground . 
  germans have heard of him , thanks especially to the `` spitzenkandidat '' process in the 2014 european election , whereby leaders of each of the european political families clashed directly in a bid to stir up some public interest ( mr schulz led for the social democrats ) . 
  so he is not an unknown . 
  but at the same time he is not too familiar : people can project onto him all sorts of things . 
  mrs merkel has been chancellor for 12 years and is flirting with the curse of the fourth-term : she is known to reflect on the downfalls of the two previous chancellors who took that gamble , konrad adenauer and helmut kohl . 
  spd optimists reckon voters are tired of her style of politics ( `` endlessly deliberating before reaching a solution to which she claims there is no alternative '' says one ) and are ready for a change . 
  in an interview in the latest issue of der spiegel , one quote by gerhard schr\u00f6der stands out : `` martin schulz wants it -- unconditionally '' . 
  the last spd chancellor 's theory is that to win that job , you have to want it with every fibre of your being . 
  you have to crave it . 
  mr schr\u00f6der did . 
  mr steinbr\u00fcck did not . 
  nor did sigmar gabriel , the former spd boss who surprised berlin by standing aside in january for his old friend . 
  but mr schulz yearns . 
  since becoming candidate he has charged around germany and given dozens of interviews ; he has hurled himself at the voters . 
  everything he says is calibrated to woo them . 
  a sense of history . 
  this plays a special role in german politics . 
  which other country has a capital littered with monuments to its own past crimes and folly ? 
  which other country sends every schoolchild to the sites of its own historical barbarism ? 
  mrs merkel works within this tradition , but mr schulz invokes it with particular gusto . 
  he characterises the right-populist alternative f\u00fcr deutschland as a test of the country 's resolve never to ignore the lessons of its past . 
  he invokes the five-hectare holocaust memorial in berlin ( criticised by bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke , a firebrand on the afd right ) and talks eloquently about the spd as a `` bulwark of democracy '' . 
  he is never happier than when hailing kurt schumacher , otto wels and other heroes of the social democratic opposition to fascism . 
  having witnessed this electrify the audience in a small village hall in rural saarland , i am loath to underestimate its force . 
  germany 's imperfect boom . 
  this gets at the paradox at the heart of the schulz effect . 
  germany is doing well . 
  it is rich ( unemployment here regularly hits new lows , exports new highs ) , broadly well-run and enjoys an excellent quality of life . 
  angela merkel has moved her centre-right party well to the left and dominates the political centre . 
  so why is mr schulz suddenly doing well ? 
  in truth , germany 's success is partly a product of wage restraint ; pay is rising now , but after a long period of stagnation and at the same time as inflation is ticking up . 
  investment is low . 
  in an economically successful country where an interventionist state is the norm , voters expect more . 
  many feel like they are doing well , with three caveats : they feel they should be doing better , they feel society at large is not doing well , they expect things to go south in the near future . 
  mr schulz is tapping into these sentiments . 
  merkel has done criminal things ? 
  what ? 
   i do n't think a lot of what people are voting to the afd are actually that bad i know some . 
  they can be good , law-abiding , hard-working people who happen to be immigration-skeptic . 
  they can also be neo-nazis . 
   i know that r/europe now has a left-wing bias , but i 'm strongly against a socialist government . 
  same here buddy . 
   i also want to point out the `` shy tory voter factor '' that could see a lot of people voting for right-wing parties above what the polls show , particularly for a party like the far-right of germany . 
  in the past three state elections , pre-election polls either overestimated the chances of the afd or were spot on . 
  seems good to me . 
  the 14 people who died were n't putin or his cronies . 
  yes , i 'm sure that was because tusk ordered them not to . 
  the fuck does the eu have to do with the berlin government being nuts ? 
  he flat out said he does n't want to learn them . 
  are they fucking kidding us . 
   but i 'm not sure that such logic makes sense to anyone but germans . 
  grammatical gender is decided by how the word ends in pretty much every language that uses grammatical genders . 
  you did n't read your own comment properly , so please fuck off . 
  the guy is german . 
  all our schools , in all 16 federal states , teach cases .
