  wait , when is the guy coming over ? 
  i have n't heard anything about this . 
  i understand netherlands ( they stronk ! ), 
  but belgium ? 
  do they even have a government ? 
  exactly would i have a beer for celebration if merkel punches trump in the face , and calls him a racist , unprepared , orange sexual assaulter ? 
  yes would i vote for her after that ? 
  i vote for her * because * she 's a grownup . 
  we should sell to * someone * , and you 're saying we should n't sell to one of the countries with the highest standards in the world ? 
  free trade has wide-ranging benefits for close to everyone in a normal country, 
  i trust the french . 
  i mean , the guy has a good chance of becoming pm . 
  i 'm definitely in , 
  where were they wrong ? 
  hamon does n't stand a chance , we 're all praying for macron, 
  ahem , we do n't ? 
  this is just \u00d6zoguz and her idiotic ideas , and it 's been shot down, 
  boring is good . 
  dude , we do n't want any radical change , why would we ? 
  things are going really well . 
  we just need someone who can credibly manage a variety of reforms & adjustments . 
  people elsewhere voted for a narcissistic , racist , unprepared piece of cheeto because they did n't find hillary 's voice inspiring . 
  i agree tho . 
  if people like his policies ( which we have n't heard yet ) , that 's fine , but i find it remarkably stupid how many people i 've heard who are considering going spd because schulz is `` cooler '', 
  i have no idea what the expression means , but i stand by my conviction that these elections will be lots of fun . 
  why should we vote at all , german highbrow magazine cicero desperately asked not long ago . 
  it was at a time when almost every poll showed no alternative to another term -- the fourth -- for chancellor angela merkel . 
  within a matter of weeks things have changed dramatically -- thanks to martin schulz . 
  the former long-time president of the european parliament is running for chancellor and `` martinmania '' rules the waves -- even beyond social democratic party ( spd ) ranks . 
  well ahead of officially taking the party chair in mid-march mr schulz boosted spd ratings to a level not seen in the past 10 years . 
  ms merkel 's christian democrats ( cdu ) , meanwhile , are as depressed as her personal approval ratings . 
  is the chancellor , widely seen as the last guarantor of european stability , about to fail in national elections on september 24 ? 
  if so , is dangerous instability looming ? 
  clearly , that would be bad for germany , as for europe . 
  quite the opposite is true . 
  ms merkel 's current weakness in the polls is good for german democracy and equally good for european stability , too . 
  the weaker the chancellor and the cdu performs , the closer the race gets . 
  necessarily , that will drive conservatives as well as social democrats into resharpening their policy programmes . 
  mr schulz will centre his campaign around tax rises for the so-called rich , as well as social justice and environmental issues . 
  ms merkel will focus on security , law and order and immigration control , where the government has been tightening policy in response to public concern . 
  both parties have lost so much of their policy edge while serving together in grand coalition governments . 
  these have been in power for seven out of the past 11 years , nourishing the grievances that drive radical protest parties such as alternative for germany ( afd ) . 
  the afd is openly xenophobic and nationalist . 
  yet protest voters have a point when claiming that there is no dramatic difference between the cdu and spd -- they feel a need for a shocking `` anti-establishment '' vote to wake them out of their complacency and homogeneity . 
  if the race between ms merkel and mr schulz becomes close , it opens a variety of options for government beyond another dire grand coalition . 
  given the polls , there are four to five different ways to bring together a coalition holding a decent majority in the bundestag . 
  most would be composed out of three different parties -- something germans have never seen before at the national level . 
  yet , they will get used to it . 
  another grand coalition would be the worst thing for german politics since , once again , it would leave the bundestag without strong opposition . 
  if mr schulz continues his campaign with a similar success to the past two weeks , a vibrant campaign race will ensue . 
  a renaissance of good old political camps , left and right , can readjust our political focus and marginalise protest parties . 
  intriguingly , the policies and provocations of the afd are discussed far less since mr schulz revitalised the core of spd voters and reawakened the idea of a left-of-centre majority . 
  ms merkel 's cdu , however , immediately went back to basics : preparing for a campaign that lashes out at the left . 
  voters will have to decide which way they want the country to go , left or right . 
  that should matter more to middle-class people than voting according to vague feelings of discontent or anger -- and without getting any serious answers to existing problems . 
  a vibrant , close contest with a clear-cut alternative between a weaker-than-expected ms merkel and a stronger-than-expected mr schulz will revitalise politics in germany and raise turnout . 
  radical voters will have reduced power , and the rightwing afd will be marginalised . 
  germany will be stable and europe will benefit . 
  the writer is deputy editor-in-chief of german bild zeitung, 
  yes , that 's one of the perks of being well-organized : when you want to exterminate someone , they die . 
  better ? 
  australia is also a g20 member right ? 
  thanks, 
  then reforms i mean , we did it , a country of 80 millions , with parts of country under communism until 1990 . 
  tiny greece ca n't ? 
  can we also fix the poor parts of nrw ? 
  yes , it 's our government responsibility but you know , eu solidarity and all that shit . 
  oh , and do n't expect any money back . 
  hey do you have any source i could read more about in which stage negotiations for those three are or what are the issues unresolved ? 
  thanks in advance, 
  in germany ? 
  ca n't they pull this shit elsewhere ? 
  no , i meant `` a jew is better than a muslim '' does n't say much about the afd main-base, 
  was n't gabriel referring to those who mentioned his father ? 
  while i do n't justify what he said , at least in that case it was a personal , sensitive issue . 
  setting refugee shelters in fire ( neo-nazis ) setting cars in fire ( antifa ) shooting and killing a policeman ( reichsb\u00fcrger ), 
  should we also light it up when palestinian civilians are killed ? 
  what 's the difference between setting cars on fire and setting refugee shelters in fire ? 
  which . . does n't say much . 
  wtf does obama have to do with the riots in france . 
  go back to r/news to bash obama & enjoy racial division  rioters should be called scum so they can understand the contempt that civilized people have for them . 
  hopefully that can be a deterrent to future crimes . 
  so merkel should call pegida `` scum '' ? 
  will that deter them ? 
  wait a second , even if it does deter them , i do n't want my chancellor to use that word for her people . 
  what about antifa ? 
  what about the `` hitler moustache '' protests in the south ? 
  what about the reichsb\u00fcrger ? 
  y-2-y numbers : 1,7 % for ez , 1,8 % for eu and does anyone know wtf happened in our third quarter ? 
   meaning she may have said the words but has not coupled that with a solid timetable my point was n't `` merkel promised so it must be true '' . 
  my point was , our ministry of finance released its medium-term report , and the increase on an annual basis in military spending was included there  ( whether it stays that way , however , remains to be seen ) we 're in for 7 very interesting months  they mean little because she ca n't be sure she will even remain chancellor or in what coalition . 
  agree . 
  no doubt that a rrg would never increase military spending  rather lofty rhetorics . 
  increasing military spending is one of the most unpopular ideas she could come up with for the german electorate , if you 're implying it 's for the electoral campaign . 
  if not , ignore this . 
  she controls the eu so much that she pushed for negative rates because she hates her pensioner voters !, 
  let me put it like this : i would be absolutely disgusted if merkel referred to pegida as `` scum '' . 
  regardless of what i think of them . 
  you want to lead the country ? 
  act like a fucking grownup .
