  this makes her look pretty stupid . 
  spd still brought the case to a vote . 
  he 's always been a great strategist , he 's just a bumbling idiot on top of that . 
  but literally no one will switch his vote from spd to cdu for this , while many will switch from cdu to afd . 
   it 's more a malicious compliance thing by the spd . 
  as this is now branded a vote of conscience , they say it 's not a breach of contract . 
  i would say this is far fetched but i 'm okay with it . 
  exactly , but r/europe does n't want to read this . 
  from my social circle , the average cdu voter is pretty educated , has a decent job , think market solutions are often superior to state-sanctioned ones , still believes in our sozialwirtschaft , believes the state has a role to play when it comes to ensuring `` law and order '' and protecting the weakest in the society , is pro-gay-marriage , appreciates the eu and our relationship with france , and usually respects merkel * a lot * . 
  we 're not all 70-year olds with funny hats and grumpy voices . 
  we 've had a below replacement rate birth rate since 1971 or sth ... 
  on sunday martin schulz declared that he would sign no coalition agreement that did not introduce equal marriage in germany . 
  the social democrat ( spd ) chancellor candidate was not alone . 
  the greens and the free-market free democrats ( fdp ) have made similar pledges . 
  on `` brigitte '' , a live talk show , last night angela merkel was asked where she stood . 
  germany 's chancellor had previously rejected equal marriage . 
  in 2005 she told an interviewer : `` man and wife , marriage and family , stand at the centre of our social model , so other lifestyles should not receive comparable constitutional protections . '' but this time she called the issue a `` question of conscience '' . 
  at an spd press conference this morning mr schulz asked how the chancellor could deny mps a choice over such a `` question of conscience '' . 
  he announced that the spd would table a vote on an equal-marriage proposal , brought in 2015 by the spd-fdp-green government of rhineland-palatinate . 
  this afternoon mrs merkel released her parliamentary party from its constraints . 
  it looks entirely possible that the bundestag will back equal marriage when it votes on friday . 
  the events of the past 48 hours lay bare the way mrs merkel runs germany . 
  that the chancellor still dominates her country 's politics after 12 years at its helm is impressive . 
  six golden rules underpin her success : learn from past elections . 
  mrs merkel 's political method is a compendium of lessons acquired during past encounters with the german electorate . 
  in 2002 her party was outflanked by a centre-left chancellor ( gerhard schr\u00f6der ) willing to rail against a right-wing american president ; today she pointedly distances herself from donald trump . 
  in 2005 the cdu 's small-state tax plan almost cost her the chancellorship ; since then she has never strayed from the economic centre . 
  in 2009 she successfully ran on a platform of stability , then redeployed this in 2013 and in the current electoral campaign . 
  in a tv show during the 2013 campaign mrs merkel was eloquently skewered by patrick pronk , a prospective cdu voter who wanted to know why she would not let him adopt a child with his male partner . 
  the chancellor waffled , concluding : `` i struggle with this . 
  i know i can not fulfil your hopes '' . 
  she seems to have learned from this awkward moment , and thus moved to close off gay rights as a cause of difficulty during this campaign . 
  constantly revisit your past positions . 
  mrs merkel is not a liberal . 
  she is a christian democrat . 
  so her past opposition to equal marriage and to adoption by same-sex couples was probably sincere . 
  but for one who has held germany 's chancellorship for 12 years , she travels light and little burdened by previous policy commitments . 
  one critic , gertrud h\u00f6hler , claims that mrs merkel runs germany as a permanent focus group ; trying out new policies and ideological propositions as frequently and casually as a grocer tests new products on his shelves . 
  to ms h\u00f6hler this betokens a values-free opportunism , but to the chancellor 's supporters it speaks of mrs merkel 's sensitivity to the changing needs and attitudes of her electorate . 
  either way , the chancellor used her turn on `` brigitte '' to explain how a meeting a lesbian couple in her baltic sea constituency changed her perspective . 
  the chancellor has honed the art of u-turning in style . 
  do n't move faster than public opinion . 
  mrs merkel obsessively commissions and consumes polls . 
  her political genius is to anticipate shifts in opinion at certain dramatic moments , but also to judge when a long-term shift has reached the point of general acceptance . 
  allensbach , a polling agency , suggests that the number of germans backing equal rights for homosexuals first exceeded the number opposing them in about 2010 ( germany lags behind most western european countries on measures of social liberalism ) . 
  today about two-thirds of voters back gay marriage . 
  the chancellor has swept in behind this shift , as is her wont . 
  close down reasons for people to dislike you . 
  in the anglo-saxon world it is typical to think of election campaigns as being about persuading people and making them like you . 
  this ignores another side of campaigning : lowering the turnout of people who support your opponents . 
  mrs merkel excels at this , to the frustration of the spd . 
  at the party 's pre-election conference in dortmund last sunday mr schulz termed this `` asymmetric demobilisation '' an attack on democracy . 
  yet this week mrs merkel 's shift on gay marriage neutralised another subject that might otherwise have motivated social liberals to go to the polls in support of her opponents . 
  triangulate endlessly . 
  last month mrs merkel spoke at a women 's summit in berlin , linked to germany 's g20 presidency . 
  she was asked whether she was a feminist . 
  most politicians would have said yes or no and done their best job of explaining their position . 
  but the chancellor merely invited delegates to vote on the matter . 
  she refused to define herself . 
  look , too , at her position on europe . 
  in the coming election the chancellor needs to compete with a keenly pro-european rival without offending more nationalist voters . 
  the cdu slogan is a study in triangulation : `` a strong europe means a strong germany '' . 
  pick almost any debate in germany today -- eurozone integration , defence spending , tax cuts v spending increases -- and you will find mrs merkel almost exactly half-way between the two poles of the debate . 
  this is the foundation of her political success . 
  whatever the subject , she owns the interstitial terrain in which compromises are forged . 
  by giving a free vote on gay marriage but not endorsing it , she is doing that just one more time . 
  move fast when events demand it . 
  mrs merkel is typically ponderous and reflective . 
  in colloquial german , the verb `` merkeln '' now means `` to prevaricate '' . 
  yet the chancellor can make sudden moves , bolting to close off rivals ' political territory . 
  she did so in 2011 , when the fukushima disaster prompted her to close down all of germany 's nuclear plants ; and in 2015 , when she decided to keep the country 's borders open to refugees . 
  she did so again today . 
  within 24 hours of the spd 's announcement on gay marriage , she was signalling a shift . 
  within another 24 hours she had executed it . 
  an spd stance that might appeal , for example , to the sorts of voters loosened from the struggling greens suddenly lost its distinctiveness . 
  these six laws illustrate the cases for and against mrs merkel . 
  to her supporters , her responsiveness to public moods and her mix of caution and opportunism make her an exemplary democrat . 
  she constantly calibrates and recalibrates , in a way that voters expect their politicians to do . 
  in this scheme one might ask : is it presumptive of a politician to impose gay marriage on a country before it is ready ? 
  yet the answer is surely `` no '' . 
  it is not presumptive to expect a figure as powerful as mrs merkel to strive for something as fundamental as the universal right to marry . 
  and herein lies the criticism of her method . 
  to lead is not just to hedge for years , then move once your electorate has done so organically . 
  it is also to shape opinion , edit the rules of the game one is playing and make change happen . 
  mrs merkel 's shift on gay marriage is welcome and a neat illustration of her strengths . 
  that it comes so late is a parable of her limitations . 
  what stops them from starting another war if someone tries to hand them over to serbia ? 
  if four days ago someone told me we 'll have gay marriage in june , i 'd laugh really telling about our country how fast this unraveled . 
  worked pretty well for us . 
  yes , because abrupt , unplanned , risky answers are si typically merkel . 
  and even if that was impulsive , telling mps `` lol do whatever u wan na do '' was n't . 
  fun is verboten when you 're preparing for the biggest , most complex ( safety-wise ) event the city in a decade . 
  they did n't look very muslim to me . 
  i still ca n't understand why kosovo would agree to that even if eu wanted to . 
  they are like two million people , they started a war for independence once , who says they 're gon na love the idea this time ? 
  but honest q : is there any anti-eu party there ? 
  i think the rest of the world will wake up on friday and be like `` wot ? '', 
  i do n't think many non-germans outside of reddit heard of this . 
  hey , my colleagues reacted with a `` what ? 
  stop reading facebook news '' when i told them .
