  these are not black and white issues . 
  yes , they are . 
  i have a right to move to poland right now . 
  i do n't have a right to move to canada right now , even if i can go for a visit right now . 
  niiiice . 
  horrific news . 
  hope the number of fatalities & injured is n't too high , and those in hospital get proper treatment and manage it . 
  you ca n't find terror by banning porn , but you damn sure can protect people from being burnt alive by requiring fire alarms . 
  got it ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  not even in germany . 
  fire safety is decided on a state level , and half of the states do n't require old apartments to have the fire alarm , only new apartments have to be built with it . 
  our police normally treats people as humans . 
  now , if you wan na be savage . . 
  and we have one of the most `` jus sanguini '' systems of the continent , so wtf does the guy want . 
  that 's pretty debatable . 
  our federal interior minister is n't a real german either . 
  the police just said that the id pic that was circulating is n't the perpetrator . 
  but whether he has immigration background or not will probably be revealed today , as it happened in all former incidents . 
  exactly . 
  i understand that they are professionals and this should n't happen , but fuck , our police deserves to have their version of the story heard . 
  if someone takes out their gun and a cunt pushes them into the way of a high-speed train and they end up losing their guns , i am not gon na bash the poor man . 
  that guy and his female colleague a remarkable job to keep us safe in our state , maybe the safest region in the continent . 
  hijacking top comment from the police pk - bavarian police carries loaded guns . 
  always . 
  - the guy is caught - the guy is currently undergoing an operation . 
  he 'll be questioned when the medics allow them to do it . 
  - the person whose id was posted on facebook is not the perpetrator . 
  stop sharing his pic . 
  - guy has n't registered his address in bayern , or in * any place in germany * . 
  unclear at this point whether he is registered abroad . 
  - the guy is german & born in oberbayern . 
  - unclear until now who shot first - guy 's only contact with the police has been a very small dose of cannabis in 2014 ( nvm , it 's bayern ) - the policeman was attacked abruptly and pushed to the rails of an upcoming train - there was a dispute in the s-bahn . 
  300-400 people were present in the train atm . 
  heard it on the radio . 
  feel free to correct any mistakes . 
  what ? 
  care to find the latest `` multiple people shot '' in germany before today ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the bavarian police will release whether he has immigration background ( aka had a granddad who immigrated to germany ) . 
  not that it fucking matters . 
  drunk germans are no better than drunk turks or drunk russians . 
  do n't get me wrong , i trust our police , i 'm just trying to understand the situation . 
  but the police said the guy has no known terrorism links and is n't known to the police previously , and the crime has no terrorist background . 
  and this is the fucking munich police you 're talking about . 
   different political leanings we 're not arguing whether private health insurance premiums should be regulated by the state or not . 
  we 're talking about people who hear about a shooting and first thing they do is check the skin color of the suspect , and then do n't even bother to see if anyone has died or has been injured . 
  yeah , that 's a racist . 
  or vote fdp if you absolutely hate csu . 
  i 'd still suggest you go csu . 
  maybe she already took it out and aimed it or sth ? 
  not that i understand why the fuck she would take it out against a non-armed person . 
  edit : dudes , there are few things in life in which i put more trust than in the bavarian police . 
  our guys ( and ladies ) are fucking brilliant . 
  i am not trying to attack the police in any way , just trying to understand the situation . 
  our sek forces ( aka swat guys ) have to be there for every single shooting . 
  and since it happens inside a train station , the federal police is legally responsible . 
   pretty much all the big parties in kosovo do n't represent any particular ideology . 
  how did it become this way then ? 
  is n't that the case for pretty much every balkan country ? 
  there were presidential elections in serbia two months ago and i remember a post here describing parties which was basically `` a wants to fight unemployment and corruption , and become part of eu while maintaining good ties with russia . 
  a is corrupt as fuck '' `` b wants to fight unemployment and corruption , reform the healthcare system , and potentially become part of eu while maintaining strong ties with russia . 
  b is corrupt as fuck '' `` c wants to fight unemployment , reform the healthcare system , and potentially part of eu while maintaining strong ties with russia . 
  c is corrupt as fuck '', 
  i think when unemployment is at 35 % you stop caring about ideology and just go `` fuck this shit the house is on fire '', 
  saw the video . 
  the guy sounds pretty cool . 
   women shall wear a burqa literally nowhere in any religious text is the burqa mentioned . 
  source ? 
  i remember an article saying we have higher youth turnout than the us , britain , italy , spain , etc. 
  she ca n't , nor does she want to . 
  not really . 
  in 2005 , cdu had a 10 point lead in the beginning of the campaign . 
  it was merkel having the worst campaign in democratic history until this week that made them equal . 
  same here . 
  our politics lack drama . 
  boiled eggs . 
  i boil eggs twice per week and stick them in the fridge , then have two for breakfast while hurrying up to get out of the door in 5 minutes . 
  depends on who 's doing it too . 
  i remember some lady from 2009 who was practically jumping at every positive fdp news . 
  we need a game of thrones season for this shit . 
  but merkel is strong & stable . 
  absolutely not . 
  voting csu in sept , and encouraging friends and acquaintances to go for cdu/csu/fdp . 
  whether she has emotions or not is completely irrelevant . 
  her campaign was horrific on strategy and content , and the election should have never been held , and on top of that her communication style is horrific . 
  she dug her own grave . 
  she 's definitely the most competent of any big country leader , male or female , but i personally shy away from historical comparisons . 
  she 's still in office and will be for four more years : it makes no sense to compare her to , say , thatcher . 
  it 's good for the country , but not entertaining for the individual . 
  omg this is so hilarious i ca n't stop laughing `` strong and stable '' they 're gon na serve her with canned beans and frozen corn at eu negotiations . 
  i have a spare couch and i make some excellent alfredo pasta . 
  it 's days like this that remind me how fucking boring our politics are . 
  their polls close at our 11pm ? 
  wtf . 
  when should we expect the first exit polls ? 
  in an hour ? 
  fingers crossed for a good result for lib dems . 
  and vote !!!, 
  voted for her twice . 
  changed my mind halfaway through the third mandate .
