  it 's not drugs : just selling kidneys . 
  he 's also against flexibility for macron . 
  differentiating yourself from what people want is hard , huh ? 
  because france blackmailed us into it ? 
  my country 's reunification is far , far , ** far ** more important than the % of temporary jobs in greece . 
  it 's not our fault the rest of the continent ca n't take care of itself . 
  eurobonds ai n't gon na happen , with merkel , schulz , or gauland . 
  get over it and focus on realistix goals . 
  yes , i 'm sure russia will invade germany , austria and netherlands . 
  because we 're not staying in for that bullshit either . 
  schulz backtracked on eurobonds in one interview then never mentioned them again . 
  dunno if you noticed , but the guy is n't the one for clear-cut answers . 
  ... bad luck i guess . 
  who cares about merkel . 
  no one would let her do it even if she wanted to . 
  schulz said he 's against eurobonds lately , and with good reason . 
  you would n't expect it because you 're using another country 's political culture and projecting it into germany . 
  no , they are conservatives who want to vote green . 
  nothinf wrong with that . 
  wait were n't raises decided on a state level ? 
  the federal government just provides the funds . 
  we iz stronk !, 
  what does obama have to do with merkel doing a good job ? 
  g\u00fcnther is quite the centrist tho . 
  and greens work with cdu in hessen ... the cdu leadership there is more conservative than anywhere bar bayern . 
  different countries , different political landscapes . 
  let 's be honest : the three most highly-respected green representatives are all conservatives ( katrin , cem , kreschtmann ), 
  between merkel , an eu federalist , a guy with turkish roots and lindner . 
  we 're bracing ourselves . 
  it 'll be four difficult months . 
  sorry , ca n't see your flair, 
  incredibly happy !, 
  a pro-globalism , passionately pro-eu , pro-free-market , \u00fcber-liberal 39 year old guy just won in the age of populism . 
  this is fucking amazing . 
  guys , we survived this !, 
  literally never been this stressed over an election . 
  yes !, 
  thank you france !, 
  may we never go through this anytime soon . 
  i had enough food to last a night of drinking . 
  either celebration drinks or depressing drinks . 
  30min to go !, 
  jamaika coalition best coalition !, 
  cdu victory is one thing spd at 26 % is a disaster . 
  eyes on you . 
  merkel did n't want him there . 
  she 's not a queen , regardless of what the media tells us . 
  if macron had done sth wrong , they would have leaked it a looong time ago . 
  ladies and gentleman , that 's the difference between `` strong and stable '' leadership that searches for solutions , and toddlers who are into drama , imposing their worldview on others , gossiping and leaking , or into being hypocritical , unprepared , bluffing idiots . 
  ah , the irony of `` restoring sovereignty '' through a foreign hacking . 
  `` human dignity is inviolable '' . 
  period . 
  full stop . 
  end of the story . 
  in germany . 
  in turkey . 
  there 's nothing to debate here . 
  `` cyberattacks are part of the russian military doctrine and we have to protect ourselves against them '', 
  france , do n't let us down . 
  i am sending this to everyone who bashed merkel for what she said in russia over cyber attacks . 
  in frankfurt ? 
  i 'd say they 're doing preeeeetty bad . 
  death penalty is against our constitution . 
  the last referendum was not . 
  there are many cons to this , but infrastructure?are you kidding me ? 
  nightlife ? 
  i * love * oosten for this now that the weather is getting better . 
  grab a cocktail and just stare at the skyline . 
  except nrw has been governed by the left for 60 out of the last 65 years . 
  oh , had n't heard that . 
  and wtf is going on with mushroom prices ? 
  i 've started putting them everywhere . 
  omelettes , mashed potatoes , lentils , rice , salads . 
  40 years ago , we were not one united country . 
  inheritance taxes in germany are an utter mess . 
  most of these companies get away with paying less in inhertance taxes than i would pay if my granddad left me a big mansion . 
  the article is right , but it 's not necessarily the right policy . 
  i 'd rather have thousands of hidden champions with community ties , than google and leftover regions and thousands of bankruptcies . 
  lol . 
  i got 2,5 kg for 79 cents yesterday . 
  by the end of the weekend , i 'll start singing the american anthem . 
  they would grow a lot faster in the short term . 
  in the long term , quality would drop and boom , no growth anymore . 
  i 've never seen anything sugar-free either . 
  wtf , it 's haribo . 
  if i want no sugar , i 'll have a carrot , thanks . 
  let 's not elect cunts in office just because they 're slightly less bad than the other cunt . 
  if macron wants to be president , he better act like it . 
  i watched the debates . 
  hillary was bad . 
  kinda like greece nah ? 
  their debt relief was actually larger than ours . 
  we . . already did . 
  she sounded extremely stupid . 
  i really have a problem with politicians that bash afd voters ( not talking pegida cunts who go around throwing molotov cocktails now ; just simple afd voters ) . 
  i would n't vote for a candidate that does that . 
  7d chess . 
  faz language makes it clear it was juncker himself who leaked it . 
  and i 'm pretty sure if you call merkel at 7am to gossip about british humor , you 'll get a very polite `` fuck off '' . 
   furious she 's a grownup , and she 's the pm of a g8 member .
