  now the cdu will apply a very similar recipe at the federal level . 
  other factors also reflected the national picture . 
  the greens struggled to define themselves and leaked support to the right and left , as they are doing across germany . 
  the free-market fdp 's modest national recovery under the energetic christian lindner was reflected in nrw , where the party leader had put his credibility on the line by running as his own lead candidate . 
  the afd ran a chaotic campaign but cleared the 5 % hurdle needed to enter parliament , as it will probably do in the general election . 
  thus in more ways than one this was a dry run for the general election . 
  social justice went up against law-and-order . 
  thrusting egalitarianism went up against technocratic stability . 
  mrs merkel went up against mr schulz . 
  the outcome was unequivocal , its significance for national politics hard to dispute despite local factors . 
  it is time , perhaps , to start talking about the `` merkel effect '' . 
  board quotas for women ? 
  thank god whoever tries that here fails so badly that they go back to the old system, 
  or economic matters austerity in times of negative interest rates is the kind of conservatism ted cruz would consider too radical . 
  why is it terrible ? 
  j\u00e4ger and l\u00f6hrmann have done a horrific job in their fields , where my csu-led land is flying off charts . 
  in my definition , being progressive is about making real progress for the country . 
  so i 'd say yes . 
  ofc , those that see progressivism as focusing on transgender bathrooms will disagree . 
  it is conservative . 
  not christian-fundamentalist . 
  oh yes , laschet and lindner are very fundamentalist . 
  have they ever said they 're christian , let alone fundamentalists ? 
  lindner was on zdf now , said he 's ok with it but doubts it 'll happen . 
  as a csu voter : he 's ok , he 'd be a decent chancellor . 
  i have yet to meet anyone who outright hates him or considers him ignorant . 
  saarland and sh were good , but damn : this is fucking amazing news . 
  my congrats to al our nrw redditors !, 
  hoping for a cdu-fdp if die linke does n't get in . 
  amazing result for both , horrifically bad for spd . 
  losing 8pp , are you kidding me . 
  elections in nrw today, 
  but she does n't need them actively . 
  if the entire chamber of industry ( whatever the full name is ) hates merkel , she 'd be like `` meh '' . 
  our minimum wage is second-highest i the eu , while living costs are lower than in several eu countries, 
  a smart man is playing it down . 
  the guy is fucking brilliant . 
  that woman is a total sweetheart . 
  keeping my fingers crossed . 
  . . wages ? 
  yay !, 
  kurz seems cool, 
  sch\u00e4uble is and has always been a federalist . 
  the federal government can not force itself in between the unions and the companies , wages are decided on that level . 
  and any increase on the minimal wage will a. 
  not affect exports b. 
  be completely unsustainable anywhere north of bayern/bw, 
  consumption in germany has went up a lot due to increased incomes, 
  i said `` a blow '' . 
  it would be the second time in our national history cdu wins there . 
  for the second , i believe you , but i 'd like to read more on it . 
  care to post a comprehensive article if you have one on hand ? 
  us & eurostat have the same standards . 
  german government counts like a million hartz iv people on top of that . 
  let 's be honest : losing nrw would be a big blow to spd , altho september is a long way to go . 
  depending on your definition of `` rust belt '' bochum ? 
  lol , cdu will get like 15 % there . 
  poor parts of eastern germany ? 
  cdu does better than spd there . 
  facepalming hard is an euphemism . 
  would n't be surprising if she flat-out banged her head on the wall several times . 
  wtf was that . 
  reddit has predicted her demise `` next week ! '', 
  everyday since sept 2015, 
  after countries reform and prove they can take care of their shit , we talk . 
  they are for eurobonds without oversight ( aka political union ) yeah , no . 
  we iz . . below average ? 
  our buses are also fine, 
  i do n't think his approval rate has sunk below 60 % in this millennium . 
  regardless of what 's the purpose , i was talking about the consequence of sth like eurobonds or debt subsidies . 
  please explain why estonia shoul take responsibility over the greek budget . 
  please . 
  ahem , cool , but the commission already has to do some stuff it refuses to do about deficits and budgets so i ca n't see how the same wo n't happen with macron 's plan . 
  could n't care any less . 
  our constitutional court said that our gg comes before eu law . 
  and with good reason . 
  our s\u00f6der ? 
  if we have to pay for credit-card spending for the entire continent , we might aswell abolish the euro . 
  i 'm sure france will love to do eurobonds with italy , spain , portugal , greece , and cyprus . 
  i can see the desire for that steaming out of macron 's nose . 
  it should be loooots of fun . 
  eu law is not above the constitution . 
  and with good reason . 
  breaking the spirit of the gg over fucking eurobonds would be mental . 
  i would n't riot , but i am definitely never voting for cdu if they agree to that . 
  human beings being human beings is n't some 21st century liberal bullshit . 
  because , honey , pulling down euroskepticism in southern europe by firing up euroskepticism in northern europe might not be the most effective strategy . 
  forget germany : someone tell estonians who went through hell with reforms and austerity and their 10 % debt they are supposed to subsidize greek public sector wages . 
  because now he 's actually running for office and he 'd be hit with eggs if he tried to campaign on eurobonds . 
  spoiler : we do n't want to . 
  if spd is pro-eu before being pro-german , then they should be forbidden from ever governing . 
  yes , except juncker thinks otherwise . 
  i 'd rather not use `` low lifes '' for human beings . 
  oh and we get plenty of well-educated serbs and croats and albanians and bosniaks too . 
  we just never hear about the passport of the quiet nurse who helps our doctor . 
  in the south , basic german is enough for some of those positions . 
  everything north of frankfurt is sth with specific skills asked . 
  spd reaction missing . 
  sigmar is saying * sth * , schulz gave a polite-sounding `` ne ! '', 
  ah , that explains the big golden necklaces your guys here wear .
