  not years ago , that was exactly two months ago . 
  my boss had to go to grafing that day and then cancelled it . 
  it happened before we got to work ... around 5am if i remember correctly . 
   he snapped because the train was delayed do n't make jokes about that . 
  i am surprised we have yet to see any death related to d-bahn being late 99,99 % of the time . 
  this happened in bavaria though ... we 're usually the 0,01 % . 
  we do not know what happened . 
  last time the entire reddit community went apeshit over a terrorist attack in germany , it ended up being a suicide by cop by a 19 year old suicidal gay guy with an italian name . 
  there is no additional security . 
  i took munich - stuttgart a week ago , nothing . 
  i guess he just ... was a `` local '' boy . 
  let 's wait & see . 
  someone tell that guy no one is criticising him , and no one cares how other countries opt to punish `` treason '' . 
  seibert did not say he 'll force turkey to reject death penalty ; he just kindly informed them that the second they pass that law , we end the talks . 
  on paper , the plan is more no more debt until 2020 . my girlfriend is from freiburg , i can feel your pain . 
  and you have hot girls, 
  we ca n't deport our citizens just because we made a mistake in the past , but let 's not make that mistake again was my logic . 
  their guys here usually vote for spd , calm down, 
  aaaand that 's the story how i was arrested for leaking out secret plans . 
  spaniards are nice , reasonable people with good weather, 
  ... you forgot bismarck, 
  lalalalalalala ca n't hear you over the loud music you 're playing in my car . 
  self-inflicted housing segregation , endless fights with kurds , marrying almost exclusively among themselves , speaking broken german as a third-generational , higher crime rates than almost everyone else , the highest unemployment rate among all nationalities , low rates of participation in high education , and voting akp . 
  eusebio would like a word when you 'll go up there . 
  we have a budget surplus ... 
  no , they were already filled these two days . 
  they have the space . 
  we do n't . 
  if we one day will have to arrest 6000 people , we will have to put them in a stadium . 
  i do n't think he wanted to say that , but someone had to say it . 
  maybe he should have asked orban or sth . 
  if it was , you would have already left . 
  the last time it was us that blocked talks, 
   our government has said that there will be no bilateral relations under any circumstances you will not be allowed by eu rules to have a bilateral trade treaty with the uk , and your government ( and mine ) agreed to that decades ago . 
  if you want to have an independent bilateral trade treaty with the uk , you will have to leave the eu . 
  we 've done much worse things to our eastern neighbors than being buddies with turkey . 
  and our government has been strongly opposed to turkey joining the eu , * stop talking bullshit *, 
   young turkish generation is too german yes , five of them are . 
  i wo n't talk for elsewhere but turks here are a bigger problem than poles , czechs , hungarians , etc. 
  he had a beautiful girlfriend from gryffindor & they managed portugal together . 
  what merkel thinks is totally irrelevant . 
  we have no reason to invade another country simply because we do n't agree on their juridical practices . 
  it 's none of our business . 
  have you ever heard merkel talk about the death penalty in the us ? 
  what merkel has to say is simple & clear : you want the death penalty ? 
  talks end , today , end of the story , have a nice day . 
  which is different than mogherini 's statement , which emphasises future membership . 
  in that case , there is that little hidden message of `` heeeey we just continue talking business as usual & then maybe you will remove the death penalty again in the future '' . 
  and as a self-declared turkey-in-eu-skeptic , merkel has to distinguish between the two . 
  you can have a beer while you 're taking notes during a lecture and no one will bat an eye . 
  and also , food . 
  well , it 's kind of stupid to expect rural bavaria in rural parts of other countries . 
  enter `` german efficiency '' joke, 
  we already tried that in 2013 and it made us look like ducks , but hey , if it works . . 
  this means the immediate end of accession talks , which is sth different than a simple `` will we get in in the future ? '', 
  our citizenship process is a mess , and there 's no chance on earth 1 % of the newcomers get german passports in 2021 . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about this , or regarding `` subsidized wage '' either . 
  istanbul has a higher living standard than rural bulgaria , but we 're talking about a country that has a significant chunk of its territory in civil war , and you 're saying people from there would be less keen on moving than people from prague ( prague is like a bavarian city ) . 
  nato needs them, 
  we have 1,5 million turkish citizen , and almost 2 other million german citizens with turkish roots , incl . 
  a lot of minors with double citizenship that might opt for turkish citizenship when they are 21 . 
  we 're also their biggest trade partner . 
  i also think we 're a point of contact in eu for them for the obvious reasons . 
  sadly , you are entirely correct, 
  that 's not funny considering she has been against turkey membership for at least two decades now . 
  it 's perfectly logical . 
  the funny thing would be if a fan of turkey membership like the uk or france said this first . 
  with a quick math , that 's still 120 empty cells . 
  apparently we have n't worked enough if a piece of info does n't travel from amsterdam to brussels although the two are like almost the same country, 
  it is `` disrespect '' or sth like that . 
  he is not accused of actually killing the guy , and he can not be accused for not reporting it to the police since it happened in syria . 
  a fine in proportion to your regular income + some hours of community service . 
  and that 's if it 's obvious you 're doing it for political purposes . 
  i 've been in a football match public viewing some years ago when two drunk guys started doing the nazi salute . 
  an unarmed police officer calmly came around & told them to calm down if they wanted to be allowed to stay there . 
  no one died , no one got in jail , no one was fined , no report was written on them , they were simply told to sit down & watch the match in peace . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  6000 arrests in 36 hours would be too impressive in * any * country . 
  how do they even find the prison space for that ? 
  you do n't go to jail for nazi salutes , swastikas , or reciting poems about goatfucking . 
  calm down people . 
  i referred to eu deaths in my previous comment , since you specifically referred to `` risks to eu security '' . 
  no one is saying russia is a fluffy cute teddy bear . 
  and russian actions will cause a grand total of 0 deaths in the short-term future . 
  you can not into currency can you ? 
  we do n't convert euros to dollars for anything on earth , why would we ? 
  the stats are converted because we know ` muricans would n't do the math on their own . 
   the turkish bases are only interesting for defense against russia via a southern flank . 
  access to the middle east is allready available to the us via saudi , kuwait , iraq and israel . 
  you do n't want to work with turkey because erdogan is a little too religious , but you have no issues on working with the saudis . 
  kuwait , lol israel does not offer the same conditions iraq is a failed state  fighting isis is easy . 
  they have 30-40k lowly educated thugs with supply problems and poor equipment . 
  a taskforce of around 3-5k western soldiers , commanding an arab army of maybe 10-15k would knock out isis in less than a month . 
  i obviously dont want to offend you , but the terms hamburgisieren and dresdenize come to mind . 
  we should destroy the enemy so completely that decades from now people will associate jihad with complete erradication of its supporters the way the nazis were handled . 
  you think that 's it , you get rid of isis & extremist islamism goes ? 
  seriously ? 
   again , i think the allies were wrong to kill as many german civilians as they did , especially considering hamburg was anti-hitler , but there will never be another german nazi party for that reason . 
  that 's not the reason  turkey has never been interested in solving the migrant crisis , they treat them as subhuman pawns that can be bartered for eu money and favors . 
  what is needed is a comprehensive eu migrant policy that makes it substantially less attractive to come here .
