  that was probably one of the most dramatic , relevant statements in 12 years of chancellorship . 
  taking it lightly would be stupid , even if the world is getting used to potus tweets bashing companies for stopping handbag sales . 
  why do we need huge air carriers for europe ? 
  the applause today . 
  my god . 
  omg , the applause on that one . 
  merkel is n't a model , she also like privacy . 
  would n't be surprised to learn that this is why she loves him . 
  she left her first husband like five years before meeting him, 
  simply not true . 
  sauer never goes public unless merkel drags him . 
  trump is literally the only one there with a trophy wife . 
  what a sweetheart he is . 
  does he have a problem with shaking women 's hands ? 
  we have salafist imams with better manners . 
  damn guy . 
  my 4 year old niece still pushing me everytime she sees me . 
   no one bothered to write it ah , montenegrins . 
  he also said we are `` evil , very evil '' what a total , complete sweetheart you guys elected for president . 
  if there ever is an increase in german nationalism , blame it on trump : he reminds us how fucking blessed we are for our politics . 
  am i the only one who thinks merkel looks great in these light blue/green jackets ? 
  ffs , it goes above 30 degrees tomorrow . 
  of fucking course i 'm going out after work . 
  those damn lazy . . oh wait . 
  that 's us . 
  i understand how new moms working 10h/week and minijobs brings the average down , but it 's still funny . 
  italians being healthy with all that pizza and pasta is a mystery of life . 
  they eat pork in albania . 
  i remember menus filled with pork stuff at every restaurant and bacon on every single pizza . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  we live in a democracy and we can all vote . 
  reddit : where being pro-trade as the world 's biggest exporter is wrong and gets you downvoted . 
  increasing red tape , increasing taxes , more immigration , more russia-friendly foreign policy , massive debt forgiveness for greece , eurobonds , less support for the security services , more handouts . 
  very dangerous for us to have rrg . 
  recovering ? 
  this would be like on of their highest successes since reunification . 
  same poll : if the chancellor would be elected directly , 51 % would vote for merkel , 22 % for schulz, 
  if pro-business people would have gotten their way , the eu would n't be a massive mountain of bureaucracy . 
  eu has n't been lead by pro-business liberals in any point of the last decades . 
  european unity , fuck yeah . 
  at least 20 ? 
  praying this is n't true . 
  how sad . 
  i really really hoped we were n't at the point where we wished for one thing over another , however , i 'd rather have a stampede than a terror attack . 
  just saw this on twitter . 
  hope it 's nothing serious . 
  god with you manchester . 
  edit : fuck , it 's serious . 
  i am sorry . 
  god with you . 
  they can form a coalition , they just ca n't form a government . 
  if after all the mess we end up with a a black-yellow government , i 'll change my flair to malta for a week these are amazing numbers, 
  at the beginning of july , cdu/csu will present a joint electoral program . 
  content-wise , the two parties are on the same wave length for example on tax relief : however , no concrete numbers have been provided until now . 
  the union wants to make a double promise in the federal elections : tax relief on one hand and more investment on the other . 
  details and scope will be clarified in the beginning of july when the joint program will be presented . 
  cdu-chef and chancellor angela merkel said that she is hopeful , but `` there 's still a lot to do '' , after discussions with the cdu leaders on state and federal level . 
  as focus points , she named the economy , education and research , security , digitalization and family policy , as well as looking into the future of social security systems . 
  only affordable promises csu-chef horst seehofer , who met on sunday with merkel and other union-politicians , said that cdu and csu want both tax relief and investment in all fields , from education to infrastructure . 
  however , there should be only affordable , financable promises and no `` wishlists '' presented . 
  seehofer rejected statements made by spd chancellor-candidate martin schulz , who has named tax cuts as not serious and has pushed for more investiments . 
  neither merkel nor seehofer wanted to quantify the extent of tax cuts and other reliefs . 
  merkel announced clarity until the presentation of the program . 
  seehofer said it has not been yet decided , but a general agreement has been discussed . 
  now various alternatives will have to be discussed . 
  `` now i can surely assume that we 'll be sensible in the question of taxes , be it solidarity tax or income tax '' low-income earners should benefit low and middle incomes should profit . 
  also , the aim will be to relieve those that pay no taxes , for example , low-income earners with an income below the basic level . 
  according to a meeting of a csu board on the weekend , seehofer has promised a `` massive tax reform '' . 
  internally , it 's understood that csu wants to push for relief on the sums exceeding 15 billion euros - the amount that the cdu leader has capped on so far . 
  costs of gradually removing the solidarity surcharge will add up to 15 billion , according to the csu . 
  and it 's also not agreed when it 'll be abolished : until 2025 , as csu wants , ot 2030 , as cdu wants . 
  the refugee ceiling remains a csu issue there 's also disagreement within the union regarding the double passport or more stringent rules regarding dual citizenship . 
  there 's a need for clarification within the cdu too . 
  `` at this point , party chairmen will continue to talk '' , said seehofer . 
  another remaining issue is the csu demand for a ceiling on the number of new arrivals . 
  merkel is strictly against it . 
  therefore , it 'll remain only in csu 's own `` bayernplan '' . 
  or albania : not a single jew was handed over to the nazis, 
  that title sounds so scary on so many levels . 
  we did n't bomb syria either . 
  we only armed kurds in iraq , and both iraq and turkey were fine with it . 
  good luck pulling that off after decades of praising turkey . 
  you . 
  are . 
  bibi is a very damaging person . 
  you can conclude that without thinking that israel does n't have a right to exist . 
  ok , but talk to the union , not merkel . 
  a ) literally all export industries pay way above minimum wage , and our minimum wage is too high already b ) they 're pretty strong as it c ) care to expand ? 
  d ) tax reliefs are absolutely needed , i fully agree, 
  the government doesn-t set wages , talks between unions and companies do . 
  how can the federal government force companies to raise wages is beyond me . 
  unless you want them to set the minimum wage at 30 euros per hour or sth . 
  or get involved in an emission scandal ... oh wait , german car industry had its best year * ever * in 2016 . 
  ca n't see how the sound of their name makes the car less german . 
  source for the 2 % ? 
  i thought it was very close to 0 . 
  i apologize , you are right . 
  just because kuba , the general manager of the biggest benz production plan in germany happens to have polish heritage , does not make those cars any less german . 
  we iz ... average ? 
  roma monies,
