   you want greek registration , you 've got to be able to credibly tell greece that registering migrants is n't going to just create a massive migrant problem for greece merkel did that the whole reddit , me included , said she was a lunatic, 
  recently they 've been ok , historically shit and the turks violate the greek airspace on a weekly basis, 
  1 ) they did that with albanian immigrants for years , i do n't really remember eu talking much about it . 
  early ' 90 , not the age of pc 2 ) civil war 3 ) slightly softer civil war + european money being spent + sweden talking shit about their camps i do n't know how many times do we have to repeat this , but greece does n't have the political will , political capacity , economic ability , infrastructure , security capacity , social consent and humanitarian capability to keep 2 million africans and middle easterns . 
  period , simple as that , no way around it, 
  not like they have a choice , tbh, 
  no one is suggesting france should have kidnapped him and inject wine into his blood by force . 
  but hollande can have whatever he wants in his own country , during a dinner his taxpayers pay for . 
  she can get in on a school trip to germany . 
  order it online . 
  ask for her brother who studies in italy to bring her one . 
  i do n't know anyone who has used a pepper spray to attack someone keep in mind that even if it was illegal and there was not a single shop selling it in denmark , a criminal can easily cross the border , buy one in germany , have a good lunch and get back to his danish city where he 'll use it to attack someone better let the people defend themselves , no ? 
  yes , it 's illegal , but it does not define statutory rape because it is not rape in a legal sense , contrary to the `` english '' definition . 
  i do n't know how many times do we have to repeat this , but a 13 year old having with a 20 year old in germany is not rape , period , no way to get around that . 
  it is illegal . 
  it is not `` statutory rape '', 
  give me a break , it 's a 13 year old kid, 
  and the term statutory rape has no mention whatsoever in the german laws ... 
   technically , even if she would approached them herself and jumped on them , any sex act between them is still rape and varant the same sentence from them . 
  technically , it 's not rape . 
  it 's a different offence and a punishable one , of course , but it is a different offence , not rape . 
  so regardless of the fact whether she drugged them or she forced them using a knife or they just had sex , as long as she was fine with having sex with that adult person , it is not defined as rape . 
  actually , technically , legally , when in rome do as romans do  so while you 're perfectly free to add your own interpretations , the german legal definition is pretty clear and leaves nothing to interpretation . 
  is a 13 year old decides to have sex with her boyfriend , it is not rape , period . 
  it 's wrong and will be punished , but it is not rape , 
  you 'd be surprised at how much an erasmus semester can help , 
  i have checked out my flair accidentally again , stupid phone, 
  the idea that a 13 y.o. 
  sexual experience that ended up in bruises is being discussed around by representatives of our federal government & the russian minister is disgusting enough on it 's own, 
  than maybe the police should refuse to comment altogether ? 
  slovenia has 50,000 muslims ? 
  what ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  we 'll use those tornados to drop thousands of moroccans over poland in broad daylight :'), 
  not like child sex-trafficking was n't organized by those holy catholics mind you ( i am catholic myself ) or some orthodox men with big cruxifix tattoos, 
  no , never , she 's also said we should send help even unilaterally from our budget even if eu does n't agree on anything, 
  their touristy ones are still great  last year they had record numbers , and refugees were coming in huge numbers . 
  a friend was there ( around `` parga '' ) and loved it and he wants to go again this summer . 
  as someone whose taxes will probably pay for those loans at one point : go visit greece , please, 
  and mind you , even if some hundred christian people with small kids and a dozen of gays stay in poland , it wo n't be the end of your country, 
  if they decide to form a one-million crowd , the polish police will close the border and use guns if necessary . 
  if someone slips into the country , they 'll struggle to get a job , an apartment to rent etc while being in illegally , eventually get caught and either back home or prison . 
  two things 1 . 
  why slovenia ? 
  how many muslims are there , five and ambassadors ? 
  why not other muslim countries in the balkans ? 
  wtf . 
  woods around ljubljana ? 
  i 've been in ljubljana , it 's the quietest city ever , so peaceful , clean , organized . 
  who in hell would use the suburbs of such a city to train terrorists ? 
  bosnians have invaded europe ? 
  are n't we helping in mali too ? 
  the whole continent is doing just fine with 35-39h / week and a minimum of 4 paid vacations , and it 's been this way for decades . 
  just sayin ' . 
  french problems lie elsewhere , not at paid vacations , which are a normal thing in every self-respecting , democratic country with a decent economy bar a couple of nations , 
  why ? 
  it 's less violent , more accidental . 
  i knew a girl i went to school with that drowned during her summer vacations in croatia . 
  i do n't know anyone who has been stabbed to death . 
  so 2 million immigrants in greece , a densely populated country with a population of 10 mln which has been on the brink of an economic collapse for most of the past decade and whose only relevant source of revenues lately has been tourism , which will of course be encouraged by millions of immigrnanta floating around . 
  did i mention that they 've had monthly riots for seven years now ? 
  hungary did fine because the asylum seekers were n't trying to stay in hungary , they used hungary to reach germany . 
  they do n't have to pile up on your border if they can choose the comfortable , slightly longer belgrade to croatia to slovenia road, 
  we 're spending 17 bln $ this year right ? 
  if the refugees ' numbers are limited , we sure can spare a couple of billions, 
  ok , if we decide to enforce border laws , how do we do it ? 
  is the croatian police ready to kill people ? 
  german ? 
  tbh , libya was basically france pushing the rest into airstrikes . 
  we do n't say `` a group of nato countries went to visit iraq '' either, 
  last time people from the me tried to invade europe , they were kicked out . 
  even when they managed to invade certain parts of balkans , it was because there countries were basically a bunch of tribes , not a collection of big nations like eu, 
  `` open borders '' suspending schengen means every country can enforce border checks with anyone they please for as long as they want to . 
  it does n't mean countries will be * forced * to enforrce border checks, 
  assad is only in syria though , isis has massacred villages in both syria & iraq, 
  the problem is with coming here for welfare tourism . 
  eu countries already have an immigration policy . 
  apply for a work visa in your own country , come here , get a job , learn the language , respect the local laws . 
  why should we have a problem with that ? 
  the problem comes when some 20 y.o. 
  uneducated criminal from morocco goes to turkey , gets false papers , puts his ass on a boat , comes to greece , travels to germany , enters the country , is given free everything and an allowance , stalks girls and steals stuff and sells drugs and gets away with it . 
  i am waiting for kaczynski to blame this on germany in the next couple of weeks, 
  i like him in general for many things ( one of them the regulation rules enforcement ) . 
  i also like him for saying sth the rest of eurocrats refuse to accept, 
  well , there 's a reason it 's a bavarian film and not from another state :d, 
  please explain why corporations want a million uneducated , unskilled , untrained , * lazy * men who do n't speak the language , in a country where low-skilled unemployment is around 10 % . 
  kl\u00f6cker may have her issues , but the girl is smart af, 
  am i the only one who has no issues with the usage of the word `` compliance '' ? 
  i like timmermans, 
  i know we 're arming peshmerga , which , mind you , is not going full mental * yet * and acting purely on a defensive sense . 
  other than that , it 's irrelevant compared to what the other 4 are doing . 
  if we stop tomorrow , nothing will change . 
  he does n't want to fuck his country that : s about it , no borderless ideology . 
  they can not take them , period, 
  because we contribute the most by quite a difference ? 
  it 's german debt , and some other countries would be a little affected too, 
  yay , it will be cool !, 
  then the other million will cross to albania, 
  our bombs are not the reason they are leaving it 's isis --  assad --  russia --  america ---------------  france, 
  let them take 2mln per year , after 8 years of recension and with a population of 10mln ?
