i mean , if we start suing people for harassment for stupid shit like that , then we wo n't have time to investigate real harassments that actually affect people . 
  albania is diverse ? 
  99,95 % albanian is diverse ? 
  sharia * is * the most important element of political islam swastika = !, 
  nazis , but i do n't think you 'd be happy with men in brown uniforms with swastikas on them moving around like a bunch of happy puppies, 
  they did n't really harass anyone though . 
  there is an old lady across the street who shouts about pre-marital sex every time she sees a couple , but she 's not harassing them . 
   so already you would put conditions on how many people to help and who to help , but you seem to be outraged if people take the number they should help down to zero . 
  i put the word `` unlimited '' because there are not only refugees coming , but also men from perfectly stable countries like algeria . 
   are you volunteering to help ? 
  right now , no . 
  i did volunteer last august , september and early october when the situation was precarious . 
  i volunteered at my local center some times after that , but in september i was mainly in passau . 
  i have spoken about my experience several times here at r/europe and at r/syriancivilwar . 
  i will volunteer again if the situation gets bad - again , not because i agree with my gov 's policy , but because there are people - both volunteers and refugees - who need my help . 
  i 've also donated things and we finally managed to teach the iraqi guys across the street to cheer for bayern in cl & against bayern in the league . 
  you got any other questions ? 
  what are you personally doing to convince people not to help each-other ? 
  while i am against the way we 're managing this and against accepting unlimited numbers of asylum-seekers arriving here in dubious conditions , your question is stupid no , i do n't gain anything . 
  that 's not the fucking point . 
  we 're all humans . 
  we have a responsibility about our fellow humans . 
  this idea that it 's perfectly fine to ignore someone dying on your doorstep and not feel bad about it , the concept that we can just ignore what happens outside and isolate ourselves in our beautiful ivory towers , the `` fuck them , i got mine '' line , this greedy exaggerated individualism ... 
  they are all too foreign for me . 
  that mindset is against everything my country stands for , as well against basic christian philosophy . 
  helping others is the right thing to be done , on principle , and thus i find your question and comments disgusting . 
  wtf are you on guess who will pay ? 
  it 's not like we 'll hide, 
  i think the guy was talking about inequality more than vacation places for millionaires and income levels ( where the us beat everyone hands down ), 
  * below the budget i bash our local administration all the time , but they 're no berlin . 
  from the well-developed world , yes . 
  care to say a counterexample ? 
  make america ( n graves ) great again !, 
  except ... kinder eggs are good . 
  bulgaria is the guy who missed the exam because he overslept but did n't tell anyone ? 
  shit we 're bad . 
  people are so used to making sex jokes that they ca n't recognize decent irony & political humor . 
  lederhosen in traditional german cultural attire ? 
  sometimes eu institutions get things right . 
  * sometimes *, 
  czech republic is homogeneous ? 
  and nobody here gives a shit about guns , so we finally reached a common conclusion :d, 
  do you eat kinder eggs during shooting ranges ? 
  oh wait , you have to avoid a risk . 
  i am sure videogames with swastikas outweigh never hearing a gunshot in your life . 
  there are two different american flairs in this post that are saying that yes , you could get shot as a bystander or for `` disrespect '' . 
  btw , this thread was funny https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1otbar/eli5how_dangerous_are_american_ghettos/ ? 
  from the first comments : getting robbed at gunpoint cars with bullets breaking glasses cops not coming after being called friends dying by a stray bullet jumped by 8 people do n't carry a purse on foot do n't stop at red lights at night, 
  nah , i 'm just keeping this tab open for some time and will wash my dishes . 
  after half an hour , let 's see if he replies . 
  if not , i am posting it . 
  you posted it already or do i have to do it ? 
   walmart carries rifles let 's all take a moment and imagine the speediest aldi cashier scanning barcodes of rifles and throwing them on the ground because there 's no space on the bank . 
  so murders are cool , because more people die from road accidents ? 
   trying to solve the gang problem in the us is extremely difficult . 
  there are literally thousands of families that have been involved with gang activity for generations . 
  and we do n't have gangs , and crime , and organized crime , and drugs , and forced prostitution ? 
  if you remove `` crime factor '' from `` murders '' , all we 're left with is spouses killing each-other because of jealousy , and that 's also a situation in which you have nothing to worry about unless you 're stupid enough to marry a lunatic . 
   well shooting as a sport is still very popular in switzerland , you 'll find local vereine of hold men holding shooting contests on sundays in almost every corner of the country . 
  we have a billion of those too btw, 
  except crime stats from ee do n't look scary at all when you compare them to dangerous states in the us . 
  they look scary compared to my little town , but then , vatican crime stats look scary compared to my little town . 
  ee are perfectly safe ( with the exception of eastern ukraine , ofc ) . 
  if you end up in a bad neighborhood in slovakia ( usually roma neighborhoods ) , your cell and wallet will be stolen and you 'll probably get punched too ... aaaand that 's about it . 
  you wo n't get shot . 
  the same is true for the balkans - walking during the night in tirana , skopje , belgrade , sofija is safe . 
  again , you might get a cell snatched , but you definitely wo n't get killed . 
  there are zones in the us where simply wandering into a bad neighborhood can get you attacked , and that 's ... 
   15k people are murdered every year ... is that supposed to be a low number ? 
  when we say `` americans '' , we do n't exclude black people from the equation . 
  if you do , that 's your problem . 
   i 'm a green/liberal voter mate , you forgot to change your flair . 
  antifa idiots , as usually, 
  because the option that `` helps '' the consumers is currently breaking the law , not paying taxes , leading to wage depression and is more risky due to lowered technical and professional requirements . 
  i have no problem with uber , i have a problem with distorting free market competition because if company a has a lower cost per unit than company b , a lower cost per unit they end up with not because they 're smart but because they do n't pay taxes , fees and training expenses , then that 's not a free and fair market anymore . 
  use the public transport , it 's good . 
  or use taxis , because despite what this guy is saying , the big taxi war in portugal is still nothing compared to those in other european countries, 
  lower taxes , more independence , much lower technical requirements, 
  we just want an even playing field, 
  as long as they do n't have a budapest-level-of-ripoff , they 're good enough for me . 
  because it 's pretty logical . 
  i 've never felt the need to point it out as i assume everyone on r/europe knows that when a country with a budgetary surplus gives money to a person to spend it , the gdp goes up . 
  the counterargument is , who the fuck cares about a 0,2 % gdp growth if long-term consequences are bad . 
  probably because they 're , you know , * taking in new debt *, 
  some of the shit i read around reddit from native speakers is really bad . 
  are of expertise , yes , `` area '' , no . 
  `` area '' is the wrong term in this case , and english is my third language . 
   the eurozone is now growing faster than both the uk and the us only for the q1 . 
  2015 numbers and 2016 predictions are still better for both uk/us, 
  sch\u00e4uble , welcome to neuland !, 
  not like they 're in the top 15 of the biggest companies on earth or something . 
  except his passport & stuff, 
  there were many mps complaining about the criminalization of marital rape, 
  are you seriously suggesting germany should send its army to nepal to protect its bmws from stealing ? 
  how does switzerland manage to export stuff with your narrative ? 
  except for when russia decided to invade ukraine and germany still is pushing to renew sanctions , unlike france & italy it does n't always work perfectly . 
  if they want to hear another `` speech in the language of goethe '' , of course . 
  if they want any kind of influence in europe , they 're keeping their bases here . 
  why ? 
  the important thing is he got caught , but there 's no reason to release the name,
