  i did n't say we are equal partners . 
  what i meant to say is that while do n't like the fact that you used bases in our territory to do sent troops to iraq and the other billion shitty things being done there , it 's something i can live with - same way i can live with a trusted friend using my apartment to do something wrong . 
  i did n't say there is a `` five eyes '' treaty ( not that someone has n't a way around it , * ahem * ) and feel free to do whatever you want with netherlands , denmark , baltic coubtries , poland or andorra . 
  however , i consider the us a `` stable partner '' i wo n't address the `` eu ca n't work together '' thing again , because we 've discussed it to great lengths in this subreddit and i agree . 
  i am not pro a federalized europe because i know what it would mean for my country . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  it bothers us , of course , but that 's another matter - in a stable partnership , you will eventually help your partner to drag some dead bodies around no ? 
  that does n't mean the partner has to be the boss, 
  what ? 
  so if a child arrives home early and runs into his parents having sex , gets upset and tells his teacher about it , the parents should get a `` sex offender !!! '', 
  stamp on their passport ? 
  see , that 's why our countries do n't get direct democracy, 
  or the state just does n't accept everyone ... 
  i do n't get it , basic income raises prices . 
  why would someone move to switzerland to sleep on the streets then ? 
  they do n't get bi, 
  and paid vacations, 
  go to a border zone on sundays swiss german everywhereee, 
  are you seriously saying arabs are n't arabs ? 
  then explain spain with 80 % being pro gay marriage, 
  you are liberal though . 
  stats showed spain and portugal in the top 5 for gay acceptance , * in 2005 *, 
  most of the country is perfectly safe ( well , the usual robberies but that 's everywhere i guess ), 
  czech republic, 
  sorry to say this but you wo n't get much sympathy with the welfare comment . 
  you thought about the cr ? 
  omg , i thought our government was practically stone age when it came to it , but yours is even worse , this is some ice age stuff, 
  diego costa would like a word, 
  taking care of your own people , like happened in 1999 ? 
  you 're talking about albanians from kosovo , the ones from albania come by plane, 
  i hope i do n't sound arrogant , but how come you do n't know that about your own army and have n't heard the debates about this very matter and have n't read the constitution ? 
  source please ? 
  i think it 's less, 
  wait , they dont ? 
  allowing them to get a job and education , you can choose some to stop on a theoretical level of course, 
  we already have a national id , nthg weird about that , the problem is with the distribution and biometric data for immigrants . 
  and yes , we 're doing that , the process should finish in april, 
  dunno , our math teacher was strict af, 
  live in augsburg and if i see 12 germans wandering around all day , they 're 13 and with backpacks , not 20-25 men chain smoking and pointing * and spitting *, 
  it 's pretty clear she was not kidnapped and raped for 30 houes by three refugees ( or natives ) . 
  she was at a friend . 
  also , prior to this , she had sex with two guys . 
  i am pretty sure you do n't care much about every investigation for sex between a minor and an adult that happens in your city, 
  yes , statistically it 's very possible that both these turks are catholics, 
  you enjoyed it did n't you ? 
  i spent a night at jail at 15 , lol :'), 
  people from different religions can have sex with each other ? 
  the eeend is neeaaarr !!, 
  my colleague is second gen immigrant . 
  amazing guy , hardworking , smart , helpful , the whole package . 
  that does n't make me sympathize with those who broke car windows in front of my eyes . 
  poor poland , being invaded by muslims from both eastern an western borders in 2016 , they ca n't get a break, 
  it would be funded by schengen countries and you 'll be fine, 
  france . 
  wtf are we supposed to do with the eifel tower , use it to hang clothes that need drying ? 
  it was a joke ... 
  groups of 10-12 young men standing around , more loitering , i accompany my gf home if it goes past 9-10pm since november , after house burglaries for some reason exploded three weeks ago here , i am locking my door at night , more trash everywhere . 
  that 's about it , have n't heard of anyone who was physically assaulted, 
  no one is forcing you to feel german . 
  i would just prefer it if people who came to my country to earn a living would n't throw bottles and break car windows when lahm scored in 2008, 
  it is when they spit on women or catcall them , even if they do nthg `` harmful '' sorry for not wanting a dozen of african uneducated and poor men standing together in a group in middle of the street if there 's no one else around , for the whole day . 
  ok , not knowing that is downright stupid . 
  england participates in world cups ? 
  charities ? 
  youth groups ? 
  uhm , i 'll have to disagree . 
  i do n't like the american model of `` stay home , grocery shopping is dangerous , have one billion extracurriculars , get tutoring for everything '' either . 
  kids have to play and go out and have freedom and that can overlap with a `` you need school '' parental stance . 
  at least that 's how i grew up , i had the freedom to go out the second i finished my homework and get back home at 12 . 
  later , i had the freedom to stay out and drink and do trips , as long as my grades were well and i did n't do sth too detrimental to my future . 
  i got drunk , high , had weird relaionships , even got arrested once ( do n't ask ) , i ended up in wrong friendships but at the end of the day , i learnt from that and i consider myself abler to manage my life than some spoiled `` do n't touch mud ! '', 
  kids around me, 
  my sister is a brilliant student and she reads * a lot * . 
  but once she talks to grandma or our old aunt , 70 % of germans would barely understand the context :p, 
  it 's a cl match , technically uefa rules should be respected and people patted down but nah, 
  yes , why ? 
  my stupid phone has decided to check out my flair every time i log out . 
  you 'll see plenty of my comments around here bitching about it :p, 
  no , it 's not . 
  you can pick the terrible mismanagement of thr refugee crisis by merkel , but you 'll be pressed to find sth outrageous in her decade-long chancellorship . 
  people did n't vote for 1,1 million immigranta so it does n't fit the narrative you can pick one billion things that were wrong under hollande & sarkozy , but none of them were mental . 
  they were inefficient leaders , but so are 90 % of statesmen nowadays . 
  you my have issues with obama 's presidency , but i do n't see any thing to indicate someone has to be stupid to have voted him in 2008 and 2012 . 
  his presidential mistakes are there , but every president does his fair share . 
  overall , he 's a likable guy that saved his country 's economy berlusconi is a clown . 
  this can be said for trump too , but not for the others, 
  i am german , 
  it is not being implemented in practice, 
  many countries have it from the age of 18 and upwards . 
  making it mandatory from 6 does n't change much, 
  poland can take care of itself, 
  and that 's not being implemented , even if schaeuble is praying in all religions to cut benefits, 
  again , there are a billion deals in place . 
  there 's a reason why balkan countries are taking back people without any verification besides a 5-minute language interview , and maghreb countries are bitching . 
  all bar trump are less comic choices than berlusconi . 
  yes , it 's strict and good , the only problem is implementation . 
  technically a rapist is eligible for deportation already , but good luck sending him back if he 's moroccan , pakistani or whatever . 
  so they did n't shout `` jesus '' when they attacked pp ? 
  turks in germany , pakistanis in london , moroccans in netherlands face discrimination too . 
  if anything , france has many muslim public figures - germany has \u00d6zil .
