  how beautiful . 
   the episode sheds new light on the potentially awkward relationship between mr macron and mrs merkel who , polls suggest , is on track to win a record-equalling fourth term as german leader later this year . 
   the stand-off poses interesting questions about the merkel-macron relationship which will be pivotal to the future of europe as it enters the brexit negotiations and continued long-term uncertainty over the future of the euro . 
  i 'm sure merkel would kill to have macron as president . 
  he 'd be a better partner than any of the other candidates , and better than the three previous presidents she had to work with . 
   ultra-hawkish finance minister wolfgang schaueble oh fuck off , he 's a sweetheart . 
   `` had they swapped roles , things might have ended up differently . '' no , they would have not . 
  but are they regimes ? 
  i mean , macedonia was just fine before this guy . 
  tensions have flared up in the last 3-4 years . 
  albania may be corrupt af , but it 's still a functioning democracy . 
  serbia was ok and doing well until vucic came in and made himself erdogan . 
  but it worked for , say , czech republic , poland , slovakia , baltics . . 
  first and foremost , the cdu . 
   yes , but the linke is n't as demonised everywhere as it is in bw or bavaria . 
  we both know the economic growth of the last years has n't reached the poor in the west who wo n't be as critical given the platforms involved . 
  you should pick better states when discussing about poverty than those two . 
  she will . 
  yeap , that 's the joke . 
  going back to normal numbers, 
  tragically celebrating his birthdays with putin in russia . 
  i am too young to know more than three german chancellors . 
  some chancellors loved to forget their first duty and campaigned for too long . 
  and so is cem , so . . 
  8pp after 12 years in power is pretty damn high . 
  well , she had to govern . 
  the pm of bw , the definition of conservative greens , has an approval rate of 65 % * nationally *, 
  you get to see everyone else down , without firing a single shot, 
  with these numbers , jamaica is fully possible . 
  sorry for hijacking , but any news before i go to bed ? 
  tl ; dr people hate each-other too much in the balkans . 
  always up-to-date . 
  q for fellow germans : i get the orange thing , but the grey thing ? 
  any explanation why it might be so high compared to other countries ? 
  oh , i had someone tell me they were `` at least patriots , unlike you '' . 
  on r/europe . 
  the guy got more upvotes than me . 
  great !, 
  merkel really likes and respects may , compared to all of her predecessors . 
  maybe we should fix syria why did no one think of this !!!!!!!!!!, 
  you seriously underestimate sch\u00e4uble . 
  are hooligans still inside the parliament ? 
  all of them at the same time ? 
  how cohesive . 
  but just standing alone ? 
  could n't they atleast yell to the hooligans not to attack people ? 
  wtf does merkel 's unborn child have to do with stalin ? 
  i do n't particularly care about his position as it 's completely irrelevant . 
  we 're talking merkel vs sch\u00e4uble here . 
  hey , i like macron . 
  they 've been in what today 's macedonia before the macedonians came around . 
  their ruling party the leader of the party named his cousin as head of the secret service , and then tapped the phones of round 20000 people . . 1 % of the country the country has been in a crisis for the past two years ( and in a crisis for the two decades before that , but its a separate issue ), 
  this is horrible . 
  i do n't care how much you do n't like the speaker of the parliament , you do n't get in , attack journalists , attack opposition leaders , all that shit . 
  wtf is wrong with their ethnic conflicts , ca n't they just sing nationalist songs and wave flags like other crazy nationalists ? 
  why try to kill people ? 
  and what the fuck was their fucking police doing the whole time ?? 
  i meant 2015 . 
  plot twist : without free trade , y' all wo n't have jobs and the champagne will be too expensive to afford . 
  rural bavaria is already below 3 % . 
  not that we care . 
  how could i forget and orban , kaczinsky , sarkozy , etc. 
  if she gave him full responsibility , greece would n't be in the ez today . 
  yes , electing populists worked out sooooo well the first 127 times they tried it . 
  pro-tip : it can always get worse . 
  i 'll only open my champagne after final results are in and macron has won . 
  hartz iv is there to help people * until * they get a job , and to help them get a job . 
  if you systematically refuse to work , you should not be in the program . 
  i fully agree that people in germany should n't starve , but there 's no reason why i as a taxpayer should pay for your netflix so that you can stay home and chill . 
  the day the entire continent elected idiots . 
   unfortunately it means that the uk and the eu are incompatible : / that 's why you left . 
  now be nice and pay alimony . 
  i am pretty sure merkel has no regrets about staying childless . 
  between trump , brexit , and previously berlusconi abroad , and seehofer/sigmar at home , she feels like she has a loooot of toddlers to handle . 
  thing is , i 've made plenty of holocaust jokes in my life . 
  with my friends , after a beer , in a familiar place and setting , when you know you 're not offending anyone , when they know you 're not being serious , then they might be funny . 
  but i do n't go into threads for settlements and make holocaust jokes and get hundreds of upvotes . 
  and jews in poland isolated and segregated themselves for centuries , but you do n't mention that when talking about birkenau because it could be a biiit inappropriate . 
  i did n't try to take credit . 
  you were good enough to defend your own country on your own , and that deserves respect . 
  what i am saying that while croats had a ) money b ) guns c ) political support bosniaks had none . 
  if we had intervened like we did for kosovo , bosniaks would have been much better off . 
  i know dear i know . 
  you can try to be more like us now instead of , you know , * back then . 
  but the good guys were not headchoppers . 
  the good guys were unarmed people who were forced to give up their guns by the fucking un , in exchange of the promise they would protect them . 
  instead , they were gunned down , raped , tortured , skinned alive , burned , whatever your brain can think of . 
  bosniaks were the victims in that war . 
  the same ca n't be said of croatia-serbia , where both sides were almost equally armed and both sides committed an almost equal volume of crimes . 
   the serbs can just waltz in and start skinning kids alive spoiler : they did . 
  there are holocaust jokes . 
  there are no holocaust super-popular memes . 
  were you trying to declare independence from armenia or what ? 
   the problem is that people have already trouble comprehending nazi cruelty , trying to tell them that there were/are even worse people is almost impossible . 
  when the ss is telling you `` dude , calm down '' , maybe it 's time to calm down . 
   any more remembering and i 'd be german . 
  there was a high-level meeting of the ss people in croatia where they discussed on whether they should distance themselves from the ustashe as they were being too brutal & damaging ss image let that sink in . 
  their methods of torture were so brutal that the fucking ss thought * their * image is being compromised . 
   i wo n't claim to be an expert , but the more i have learned about this , the less straight forward it has become for me . 
  srebrenica is genocide , even if some bosniaks later went apeshit crazy and fought for isis .
