   if you come from a relatively unprivileged country , and would like to be able to have further privileges like being able to travel visa-free . 
  which was exactly his point . 
  you want the new country 's privileges ? 
  give up on the old privileges . 
   not to mention the quality of live improvals a properly working state can provide or that most of debt is looked in 5 , 10 year loan contracts and can not just be repaid tomorrow , even if 2000 billion were dumped into sch\u00e4ubles lap . 
  you do n't really know sch\u00e4uble do you ? 
  he said with eu countries . 
  maybe you should read his comment before acting so condescending . 
  yes , we can and should cover most of the costs related to border protection . 
  no issue whatsoever with that . 
  we have a responsibility towards greece too , not just towards asylum-seekers . 
  they should not be left alone in this . 
  we have a moral , historical , humanitarian and common-sense responsibility to help greece with their new arrivals . 
  as the biggest country in eu , it 's our responsibility first and foremost to ensure that schengen borders are well-protected . 
  it should be our job - not because we 're geographically conditioned to do it , but if no one wants to do it , it 's our government 's job to sigh in frustration , yell at greece and then do what 's necessary to protect outer schengen borders . 
  same way , i have no issue with increasing our foreign aid . 
  double it ? 
  fine by me . 
  we can definitely afford to feed every single syrian refugee in jordan and lebanon . 
  every single one of them , and our budget wo n't even feel it much . 
  however , there is no reason to bring these people , half a million in three months , together with half of na to germany . 
  it does n't them , and sure as hell does n't help greece , and sure as hell it does n't help germany . 
  that 's my biggest problem with how our gov has managed the crisis . 
  to be a eu citizen , of course . 
  you said it should be illegal to inherit that amount of money , and that the money should be used for roads . 
  no one is saying taxation is theft . 
  what we 're saying is 100 % taxation is theft . 
  we did n't allow dual citizenship with anyone , then allowed it for eu , and then allowed it for everyone born here who has two citizenships at birth, 
  one of our journos on twitter just said that renzi said there are at least 120 victims . 
  this is so sad :( god help that region, 
  i do n't think anything significant will change this legislature . 
  the new law will probably be overturned by the cc again . 
  good luck trying to find a bridge between tax-everyone-spd and protect-family-businesses-csu . 
  on the other hand , factions of die gr\u00fcne are ok with a flat rate or two levels of flat rates ... so let 's see how it goes . 
  no , the deal is not 2 % . 
  the recommendation is 2 % . 
  it 's not a set-in-stone rule that everyone should follow . 
   the increase in government investment expenditure ( +7.7 % ) was markedly higher than in the previous year . 
  from the article, 
  netherlands leaving the eu ? 
  yes , i am sure dutch people would love to see more of their taxes go south . 
  no chance on earth that raises euroscepticism . 
  there 's a brilliant faz analysis on the program ( am on my phone ) . 
  copy paste the article into google translate and read it on both sides if you speak some german but ca n't understand complex terms . 
  what about netherlands ? 
  they have strong eurosceptic parties , and they would be one of the biggest contributors of any kind of a fiscal union . 
  it 's one thing to lose britain , but netherlands ? 
  it looks to me like he 's preparing spahn for the job . 
  while i do n't like some of the things sch\u00e4uble pushes for , it 's simply amazing to know that your finance minister is independent and wo n't let anyone mess with his job . 
  it 's been this way for such a long time that it 's hard to imagine how a yes-man finance minister would work out . 
   turkey does n't want to become main target of isis terror . 
  i am genuinely sorry to have to inform you of this , but the plan on that one has failed miserably . 
   you can see how good civil protection workers have been . 
  3 hours after the earthquake there were places where only the police had arrived , acc . 
  to the livethread . 
   at moments of difficulty italy knows how to cope . 
  this is true . 
  italians are a resilient bunch . 
  i hope all the injured make it , and i hope they work on the old buildings to prevent future deaths, 
  `` consider this a picnic '', 
  selling football tickets , 
  dunno ` bout sweden , but she 's lost a lot of ground by pushing for debt relief . 
  cdu lost states solely due to the ez crisis . 
  during 2011 , out of 24 speeches in the parliament , 21 were about greece . 
  not even the ez in general ... greece . 
  her 2013 electoral campaign was organised around explaining why we should help southern europe , instead of domestic issues . 
  you can check electoral speeches on youtube . 
   so we decided to flip the tickets and sell our 4 tickets at $ 100 each . 
  and this is why the two of us are not a country . 
  it 's one thing to talk about fiscal transfers , and another thing to mess with the greek debt . 
  the lithuanian and slovakian pms were reportedly yelling at tsipras last year . 
  there 's a reason why merkel has pushed for any kind of fiscal integration to be done on an eu level as opposed to an ez level : she knows fully well how poland & its friend will act , but she 's outnumbered when it comes to the ez . 
  we are still one of the biggest military spenders in the whole fucking world , despite being like one of the last countries that would directly participate in a war . 
  ( well , in the 21st century at least ), 
  merkel has bent the rules more than her party , citizens or eastern allies would like . 
  bbc has not called for a total destruction of germany though, 
  i did n't mention roe , that 's why i said i rely only on direct spending . 
  i did n't say anything about how , for example , teaching german to someone today increases revenues when he gets a job two years from now , because such a calculation would be based on weird estimates and assumptions . 
  my point on the 45 % was that if i give you 100 euros and you buy a pair of shoes with it , 19 % ( 19 euros ) go to the state directly due to vat . 
  then , the 81 euros that the shop gets , go to increase the wage of the shop manager with , say , 40 euros ( so , increased income tax revenue + increased social contributions + increased consumption from his side ) , then 41 euros go as extra corporate profit which gets taxed again . 
  ( i am making a very simple model on this , not including investment , suppliers , etc ) . 
  at the end , the total of money that the state `` makes back '' is roughly 45 euros . 
  yes , but it will increase the trade surplus with non-ez countries which is a much bigger problem for the ez than our trade surplus with the ez ( not to mention , it will fuck over eastern suppliers who are eu members , and my job depends on them not being fucked up ), 
   also , social contributions paid to general government were markedly up by 4.2 % to 253.0 billion euros wait , this is great . 
  this is actually better news than the budget surplus itself . 
  does anyone have numbers on how many people moved from minijobs to real jobs ? 
  i can find data only up to 2015, 
   germany primarily ought to reduce it 's trade surplus with other european countries by increasing inflation and how much is our trade surplus with the eurozone again ? 
   increasing inflation which will increase our trade surplus again  can be achieved by increasing wages which is best done by increasing public sector salaries . 
  or setting a minimum wage ... oh wait we did that already . 
  we have a very low accident rate compared to other countries , and even lower if you take in account how recklessly all of us ( me included ) drive in both rural and urban roads , and alcohol consumption . 
  i wo n't credit our abysmal roads for that though, 
  correct , however , it 's not a 100 % thing . 
  considering that our revenue-to-gdp are roughly 45 % , a 15 billion annual spending on them , * assuming it 's all spent there * ends up with increasing revenues of around 7 billion and a net `` drain '' of 8 billion . 
  that 's on 2016 numbers , and only relying on direct spending . 
  the thing is , as we have been told repeatedly , it 's mainly men aged 20-30 , which puts the private rate at an * overestimated * 150 euro . 
  do you happen to know any guy of that age from a non-eu country that has moved to germany in a job-seeking visa ? 
  i think the 7 billion was included in the 93 , but the big fight was on whether the money would come from federal funds or state funds . 
  you know what vat is right ? 
  i am not arguing that refugees will be a net gain for germany , i am just saying that this part of the increase in revenues can be easily traced back to them ( just as the increase in expenses ),
