  but no , instead someone thought it was a good idea to establish a jewish state in the center of the single most volatile region in the world , surrounded by people who hate them unconditionally . 
  you can make that hate disappear , and i am not blaming israel for * creating * that hatred . 
  however , the israeli government has made the problem worse by acting like a bunch of lying , hysterical idiots instead of like the only real democracy in the middle east . 
  or sit down and talk like normal people . 
  this is the worst year for israeli in decades , maybe having a mini-putin for pm has sth to do with it ? 
  no one is saying israelis & palestinians should immediately start marrying among each-other and rainbows everafter , but weekly knife attacks are too much and it 's stupid to ignore how the israeli government has worsened the problem . 
  because eu does n't want greece to become a chinese colony tomorrow . 
  or montenegro to become sovereign russian territory . 
  i wo n't lie , i would have a problem locating armenia directly in a map . 
  that being said , good luck , i hope everything is solved without any more victims & that it 's an isolated thing . 
  we do n't have peaceful turks , we used to have regular fights between erdoganophiles & kurds last fall . 
  however , for some reason , last night no incidents happened . 
  btw , apparently i have around 100 erdoganophiles in my town too . 
  they had gathered in the city center , with some police arriving post-midnight . 
  compared to the rest of the continent , it was boring . 
  the most interesting thing is that all pro-erdogan gatherings last night were concluded without any incidents . 
  also , here last night a drunk and/or drugged guy driving a bmw drove/ran away from the police . 
  no one is injured , around 5000 euros in damages . 
  one of the perks of living in a boring city is that you get to learn about every stupid thing people do . 
  when fighting with four regional powers was not enough , they decided to pick up a fight with a significant portion of their population geniuses . 
  hey , if you need double agents to exchange info between the two intelligence services ... let me give you steinmeier 's number . 
  pissing off iran , the us , russia & the eu at the same time a genius move i tell you . 
   well , it is state kidnapping , is n't it ? 
  have you seen how anti-terror squads look like , and how they arrest people ? 
  when after due process , the state decides you should be arrested , they come to your house and arrest you and put you in police cars and send you to jail . 
  that 's the case if you steal a bike , that 's the case if you are a terrorist . 
  in none of these two cases does the police kidnap you . 
   if you dislike the concept , i ca n't really change the reality of things :| no , you want to change the reality of things . 
  you are openly suggesting that the german/french secret police should kidnap people , keep them isolated , not inform their families , forbid the media from reporting on it and keep them in jail without a sentence . 
  and that they should do that without due process , simply based on suspicions that maybe he is an extremist islamist . 
  if a pegida member suggested that , pegida leader would publicly distance themselves from that person . 
  you 're going * that * far . 
  you 're suggesting the german police should do sth that erdogan does not dare to do . 
  with their democratically elected pms who visit nude beaches & all that shit . 
  truly barbaric & backwards . 
  yes , while military coups & shooting at unarmed civilians is highly encouraged by the geneva convention, 
  check january 2011 protests in albania ... and albania is not a dictatorship in any sense of the word . 
  oh , found the zeman . 
  what apologists ? 
  frenchies burning trucks and cars was a joke my grandparents used to tell , it 's not sth new and arab-inventive, 
  you specifically mentioning the state making people disappear though . 
  you did n't even talk about preventive detention , you implied state kidnapping . 
  same shit in berlin , it must be all those pesky muslims named m\u00fcller . 
  with their muslim blonde hair in unwashed braids , and their muslim che guevara tops . 
  wait , you want the police to make their own citizens `` disappear '' ? 
  one of the london attackers actually worked in a school, 
  uhm , no it is not , the trend was started by bio-frenchies a long time ago . 
  but keep in mind that this is france . 
  yes , unemployment is high but it 's a different situation than the one in palestine where you can literally starve . 
   checks flair hey be my guest . 
  or host . 
  edit : and it 's \u00fcber you pleb . 
  and `` deutschland '' . 
  god . 
  i said mentally stable, 
  too soon . 
  are women about to rule the world ? 
  you might think so if you 've been watching the schoolboy squabbles over brexit that felled several of britain 's leading political men in the wake of the eu referendum . 
  you might get the same impression if you are watching the race for the white house , where the male republican candidate threatens to upend the international order while his female democratic rival offers the only chance of continuity , if not sanity . 
  in fact , theresa may , the grown-up of british politics , was only catapulted to the top of both the conservative party and the government this week after her male colleagues spectacularly self-destructed . 
  and if the not-so-popular hillary clinton , the first female democratic nominee , is elected president in november , it will be in no small part because donald trump proved too outrageous even for those yearning for someone outrageously different . 
  but imagine mrs clinton in the oval office , mrs may in downing street , with angela merkel in charge in germany , christine lagarde at the helm of the international monetary fund , and probably a female secretary-general of the un by the end of the year , and the world suddenly looks quite different . 
  in britain , the march of the sisterhood has been accelerated by the eu referendum . 
  angela eagle , a chess champion and former shadow business secretary , is challenging jeremy corbyn for the leadership of the opposition labour party . 
  though her chances look slim , she is right to say `` it 's about time '' a party that purports to be a champion of equality `` had a woman leader '' . 
  scotland has two impressive women at the top : nicola sturgeon , the scottish national party first minister , and ruth davidson , leader of the scottish conservatives . 
  northern ireland has arlene foster as first minister . 
  so what , you might ask . 
  look around the world and these women are the exception rather than the rule . 
  un data about women 's participation highlight the gender inequality . 
  figures from 2015 show that only 22 per cent of all national mps were female , disappointingly slow progress from about 11 per cent two decades earlier . 
  the same data show that 11 women served as heads of state and 10 as heads of government . 
  women lag far behind when it comes to cabinet positions , too : only 17 per cent of ministers are women , most of them in charge of areas such as education and the family . 
  researchers find that the gender gap in politics is exacerbated by entrenched attitudes . 
  women are less interested in politics and less exposed to political information . 
  female politicians also suffer from stereotyping , with disproportionate attention paid to their appearance . 
  they are subjected to questions that are irrelevant to men and should be equally irrelevant to women , says professor donatella campus of the university of bologna . 
  if they have children , they are asked whether they have time for politics ; if they do not have children , they are deemed too ambitious . 
  sometimes women fall for the stereotype , as illustrated by the dramatic downfall of andrea leadsom . 
  her leadership challenge to mrs may collapsed after she claimed that her rival , who has no children , had less of a stake in britain 's future . 
  true , women leaders are not always good for women . 
  margaret thatcher , the first woman elected uk prime minister , used to say : `` if you want something done ask a woman ; if you want something said ask a man . '' but she was no feminist and she appointed only one woman to her cabinet . 
  ms merkel has done better but she , too , has been criticised for not putting women 's issues top of her agenda . 
  mrs clinton , meanwhile , is passionately disliked by younger women . 
  mrs may , however , promises to be different and her record suggests she could succeed . 
  she is co-founder of women2win , a campaign to elect more conservative women . 
  despite the scale of her task -- to unite a bitterly divided country and party while charting the uk 's future relationship with europe -- she has already indicated that women 's political advancement will not be ignored on her watch . 
  and , amid increasing speculation about the composition of her cabinet , she has let it be known that she will appoint women to senior positions . 
  i share their sentiment that the political class does not fully understand the long-term consequences of immigration policies . 
  i do n't share the other 99,99 % of their sentiments . 
  and that 's it ... you have different priorities , but i am not happy about a divisive , hateful movement in my own country . 
  that kind of shit never leads to anything good . 
  you might have to talk with our salafists for that, 
  you went a little mental mate . 
  and he 's not threatening us with millions of refugees, 
  anti-fa are not the bundeswehr , they 're just a bunch of lunatic cunts . 
  i said the monster who started the worst war , not the biggest monster in history . 
  putin is more anti-democratic , but i think he 's mentally stable and less dangerous in the long term . 
  they would n't get that hate if their leaders would n't be cheered when mentioning concentration camps `` not being an option anymore '' in public meetings in german cities , or if their members would n't be caught planting bombs , or if they did n't attack our national football team during the euros ( you do n't do that , you just do n't do that in germany ) . 
  they are a divisive movement that openly preaches hate , and i do n't want that in my own country , but hey if you want it , fine by me .
