  will absolutely vote for csu again and convince as many as i can to do the same . 
  sane , semi-competent and non-corrupt ? 
  the rest of the world struggles to find one . 
  learn the name of the guy you wan na vote, 
  putin . 
  he is the second most powerful person in the world . 
  you need der spiegel to tell you that ? 
  this is actually pretty beautiful . 
  why is it ridiculous ? 
  i chose to stay faithful to my girlfriend . 
  we ended things when she was n't faithful anymore . 
  i wo n't judge people for being in open relationships , but please do n't judge us for preferring committed , exclusive relationships . 
  friends at rock am ring , terror alarm , they told them to leave , they stayed in . 
  were complaining that they could n't find alcohol and got sober and bored . 
  for someone whose wardrobe is so boring , she dresses well . 
  sauce ? 
  ffs , give them a break . 
  my condolences . 
  i hope that you understand that despite all the brexit bickering , we still mourn together . 
  i 'm sure london has the strength to move past this , and your emergency services are fucking brilliant . 
  then do n't expect us to believe that the new rules will suddenly be implemented . 
  exactly . 
  if we would have to guarantee only estonian debt , i genuinely would n't mind . 
  it was reported here , i was still celebrating when it came up in the news, 
   black skirt . 
  merkel with a skirt ? 
  i like her turquoise thing more , she looks young, 
  well it 'd be really stupid to like her as a candidate and not vote for her because she has boobs . 
  the photo is old i really like her in this turquoise-ish color http://i.huffpost.com/gen/4452482/images/o-angela-merkel-brexit-facebook.jpg she looks much more fresh or lime green https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjwhbfdfxiu/ifnvbxhlavei/v0/800x-1.jpg, 
  you left the place ? 
  non-germans found !, 
  hey friends who are there are also in a really good mood . 
  have fun tomorrow then !, 
  now the media saying the festival will go on . 
  anyone who managed to hear the guy 's pk ? 
  i 'm on the phone and ca n't search for much, 
  i 'm seriously starting to think about voting for the guy . 
  on one hand , i like him and his program and team ; on the other , i feel like more csu support means more support for a harsher stance on immigration . 
  so let 's see . 
  i like the guy . 
  they 're already all here !, 
  again ? 
  last time this happened was like four decades ago , and back then women did n't work much . 
  we are slowly reaching the point where the number of unfilled positions is higher than the number of the unemployed, 
  we iz relevant !, 
  merkel grows veggies in her countryside house . 
  i 'm saying she can do that in the chancellery . 
  i do n't live there , i just go often for work and have spent a considerable amount of my teen years there . 
  but yes , frankfurt looks much prettier nowadays . 
  i love the river part around the ezb , and the area around the central station has cleaned up a lot . 
  we can increase tourism in meck-pomm or sth , but when it comes to cities , we should really focus on what we do well instead of waiting for the mighty touristy monies . 
  i do n't want munich to turn into barcelona . 
   the quarter between the r\u00f6mer and the cathedral in frankfurt frankfurt ? 
  munich 's central station is pretty nice, 
  i really would n't mind merkel growing vegetables in the chancellery . 
  his desk looks cool . 
  googled , and the guy was apparently a painter !, 
  but juncker leaked it , not her . 
  what was she supposed to do , confirm it ? 
   and it looks like she just lugged that huge bookshelf from her old office . 
  i ca n't imagine she has a sentimental attachement to such a huge piece of furniture so i have no idea why its in this space now . 
  it really doens ' t add anything interesting to the room and its so big and inconvenient . 
  merkel did n't bring anything to the office , only a couple of books and the portrait of katherine the great . 
  that 's not incidental , 
  oooo , that 's just adorable . 
  good guy rutte !, 
  i 'd be taking selfies the whole time . 
  honestly , i really like her office . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=polcbythsu0&amp;t=23s minute 6:17 she also talks about the office, 
  and apparently her mobile data does n't work inside, 
  nope , it 's actually huge . 
  try to find a video . 
  i really , really like the building . 
  it 's so * fresh * . 
   our pm does n't even have a wife to cheat on . 
  this is actually funny . 
  does he have a dog or sth ? 
  i do n't think merkel has ever leaked anything . 
  do they still have the big police trailer there ? 
  try to not do stupid things then . 
  it 's actually really pretty . 
  33 in wiesbaden . 
  yeah . 
  nice . 
  because we were fried today . 
  33 are you fucking kidding me . 
  the other kanzlerkandidat criticized her for it . 
   then merkel did just that - assumed some leadership ... and which followed were tons of articles condemning just that . 
  see all the ` german dominated europe ' articles , or in extention the jokes about the 4th reich being here and such . 
  it seems no matter what germany does , it it seen as too weak or too strong . 
  i think we stopped caring some time ago about that . 
  they can all fuck off . 
  we have a job to do here . 
  on foreign policy and europe ? 
  absolutely yes . 
  i was fixated on the tv until it ended . 
  yeap literally the bluntest statement in years, 
  the scary guys come from the land . 
  or you think it 'll be the mighty tunisians invading spain ? 
  a masterpiece , really .
