   kosovo etc. , places where i wont feel safe lowest crime rates in europe :p, 
  there are also numbers for those `` employed or in school '' - someone else posted it in this very thread . 
  the graph presented here for example , is `` unfair '' because for example on average italians graduate much later than brits no ? 
  i would n't pick the us over netherlands or denmark . 
  granted , we 're talking about / u/lestinen priorities like he 's in our own backyard, 
  this is more interesting though : https://data.oecd.org/emp/employment-rate-by-age-group.htm#indicator-chart ( i let the us for comparison ), 
  yes , in private places . 
  not in public . 
  never been there . 
  albania was on another level of stupid driving . 
  it was an interesting country , but driving ... god . 
   question no1 : are n't part of the asylum seekers making a false claim to asylum , coming from countries that are not at war or from governments that are not persecuting them ? 
  should n't they then be differentiated somehow ? 
  and different statistics be made depending on each specific group ? 
  of course they should be differentiated , but what are you suggesting ? 
  having a column for a ) syrian ( almost their whole country is in war ) asylum seekers ; b ) iraqi & afghan ( half of the country in war ) asylum seekers ; and c ) the rest ( not at war ) asylum seekers ? 
  we have these categories of people right now : 1 . 
  german citizens 2 . 
  eu citizens living in germany 3 . 
  people from third-states that are here on permanent residences , regular work visas , student visas , all that package 4 . 
  people from war-torn countries ( like syria ) who have applied for asylum and were given asylum - recognized refugees 5 . 
  people from countries that are not in war , who are given `` subsidiary protection '' - they can not be deported because it would breach international law or their human rights . 
  for example , a gay couple from saudi arabia would qualify as they would face persecution in their country 6 . 
  asylum-seekers : these people are in germany and have filed an application to get asylum . 
  they can be from syria , iraq , morocco , albania , it does n't matter . 
  there is no decision yet for them 7 . 
  people who are in the country , are registered but have n't been interviewed yet : again , they can be from syria , iraq , morocco , albania , it does n't matter . 
  those in a `` tolerated '' stay : their application has been denied , but they have not been ordered to leave the country . 
  those who have applied for asylum , were denied and have been ordered to leave the country , but have not been deported yet 10 . 
  criminals that are not registered at all , that slipped through cracks and do bad stuff in france , austria , germany , switzerland , etc. 
  they have passed the imaginary borders between spain/france/whatever is next without any checks . 
   question no2 : what are the statistics specifically to genuine refugees ( those who have obtained asylum status ) ? 
  dunno , but i remember a stat about syrians granted refugee having a lower crime rate than the overall national rate  question no3 : why are illegal immigrants ( those who were already determined to not qualify for asylum ) allowed to remain in europe ? 
  why is there no paneuropean policy in place to deport these people directly to their countries of origin ? 
  who is really to blame for the crimes committed by these people ? 
  who is to blame ? 
  those who allowed them to come in . 
  there is no pan-european solution because the only country that could actually come up with an effective solution and force the rest of the union into it is too weak to do it in this particular case  question no4 : how was the designation `` refugees '' used in the last paragraph ? 
  is 2 % of the population only refugees or all the categories above together ? 
  all of the above . 
  reddit , let 's do this !, 
  not merkel . 
  i really think she 's not anti-immigration , and especially not in the current crisis ( refugees ' plight and all that ) . 
  but i 'd like de maiziere and half of cdu drunk on tv talking about immigration . 
  that would be good . 
  i never thought i 'd visit a country with worse drivers in italy , but albania won that competition hands down . 
  like w.t.f. 
  you 'd see some super nice bmws doing stupid shit every five minutes, 
  now i 'll have to try and remember what i learned ten years ago in school , but unemployment is basically a fraction u3 , the number we usually use , is : ( people who are over 16 , jobless , actively searching for a job and available for work ) / ( total workforce = unemployed as defined above + legally employed ) . 
  the case you 're mentioning - soldiers - does n't count . 
  he is not part of the fraction - he is not counted at the numerator , not at the denominator , because while he 's jobless , he 's not actively searching for a job or available for a job . 
  stay-at-home moms , disabled people , etc do not count either . 
  where that person ( and stay-at-home moms ) count is at the labor participation rate : that is ( unemployed + employed ) / ( people over 16 ) . 
  here , the soldiers is part of the denominator - but not at the numerator , effectively lowering the rate . 
  this is old : https://data.oecd.org/emp/labour-force-participation-rate.htm but might help . 
  keep in mind : many factors influence this rate . 
  for example , a country with high unemployment benefits tied to work-seeking might have a higher participation rate than a country that treats both short-term unemployed and those on social welfare the same way . 
  i hope my english was understandable . 
  have a hug from far away, 
  do you want me to switch to german to explain it better ? 
  you are looking at two different things , and btw , your 2009 graph has greece with 15 % higher wages than germany . 
  the reason why our wages are very low * net * even after this year 's rise is because of the high social contributions ( read : not the income tax , i would n't change that ) . 
  we have to do something about it , but you 're mixing deflation , industry competitiveness , minijobs , lower cost of living and the french income taxes in one big bundle and i do n't understand the point you 're trying to make . 
  this graph http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/7/7c/estimated_labour_costs_for_the_whole_economy_in_eur%2c_2014.png posted from someone above it 's quite telling no ? 
  you win , hands down everyone . 
  those in conscription do n't count in any country when they calculate unemployment rates . 
  same in finland for example . 
  that person is `` economically inactive '', 
  having kids ( me included , i worked since i was practically a baby ) working is not just a matter of how much income they earn , but it adjusts them to the labor market earlier , eases transition between generations and lowers crime pull-factors . 
  two 20 year olds working 20hours/week each and earning 5 euros per hour is better than one 20 year old working 40h/week and earning 6 euros per hour . 
  unit cost = !, 
  wages , you 're looking at two different things, 
  we ca n't add 50-100 billion euros in investments to the plans every year . 
  we simply ca n't , let 's not be stupid about this . 
  have you , by any chance , have ever seen a table about our pensions ? 
  we can - and should rise - investment in education and railroads , but we can not run large deficits at this point . 
  a deficit around last year 's surplus ( so 12 , even up to 20 billion euros ) is ok , but 50-100 billion is not . 
  and we should do something about how our welfare system works , now . 
  6 years for refugees after getting residence , 8 years + extra conditions for the rest . 
  check the law . 
  you 'll get drunk during the last match anyway, 
  it 's six in germany , for refugees only, 
  do n't worry , at least you do n't try to change your political system at all . 
  we usually go the long road to do that . 
   friday pay-packets would lead to more drunken voters on fridays and weekends england , never change . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  not after we go through shit to preserve it . 
  you go stay with bulgaria and lithuania . 
  looooooooooooooooool you can halve our exports and catapult france into eu leader , but you wo n't get to win . 
  period . 
  nope . 
  on penalties . 
  discussing immigration objectively should not be something to be done only when drunk . 
  discussing how having a few millions of people from another , strictly contrasting culture , many of them on welfare , * maybe * might eventually erode the society 's fabric , is maybe a good idea . 
  maybe . 
  i have visited most of europe . 
  i want to visit madrid ( been in a hostel for two days in barcelona ) , portugal , norway , finland , malta , ireland , scotland , southern france ... well , basically countries i 've never visited . 
  i also would love to visit southern america - brazil , argentina , chile , but i ca n't afford it right now so fuck it, 
  i have visited most of the balkans due to past work . 
  did n't like kosovo , bulgaria , macedonia and serbia .
