  `` schulz will uphold the primacy of eu law and the treaties and will not allow the uk any special status of single market trade access without respecting the four freedoms , '' he said . 
  he added : `` both schulz and macron are campaigning against eurosceptic forces in the shape of marine le pen and frauke petry and can not afford to give any encouragement in france and germany to those in the front national and alternative f\u00fcr deutschland who are cheerleaders for brexit as an example to follow . '' both mr macron and mr schulz are strongly pro-european figures . 
  both are committed to european integration and believe that years of tory-ukip euroscepticism are to blame for brexit . 
  if the forthcoming uk-eu talks go badly , conservative eurosceptics would be quick to portray the two men as unmitigated federalists who refuse to compromise with britain . 
  but that would do little to ease the painful reality of a hard brexit . 
  do n't count on china and india bilateral deals with the two emerging economies are not likely to benefit britain as much as some brexit supporters hope , according to vince cable and yu jie . 
  ( lse brexit blog ) divide and deal european commission president jean-claude juncker has said he fears britain will divide the eu 's 27 remaining members by making different promises to each country during its brexit negotiations . 
  in an interview with deutschlandfunk radio over the weekend , he warned london that it would not be allowed to pursue its own trade deals until it leaves the bloc . 
  ( reuters ) avoiding britain roland berger , europe 's largest management consultancy , has warned that continental companies should avoid investing in britain because of uncertainty surrounding its withdrawal from the eu . 
  ( times ) it 's politics , stupid the vote in the house of commons on whether the british government can trigger article 50 has shown how much the current brexit debate is about british party politics , rather than the economic and international interests of the uk . 
  ( the conversation ) hard numbers the eu is the uk 's largest destination for services exports and its main source of services imports . 
  services and goods should not be considered separate categories , but as interconnecting parts of the same supply chain . 
  as an academic paper puts it , `` services trade , including investment and the temporary movement of persons as service suppliers , is salient for the performance of the uk 's manufacturing base and its trade competitiveness '' . 
  the financial sector is arguably an area of specialisation in the uk , but there is a host of business services such as legal advice , engineering , marketing or consulting , for which the total value of cross-border trade exceeds that of financial services . 
  the uk 's trade ties with the eu are substantial . 
  the restructuring post-brexit will be a difficult task . 
  i feel like it would lose its beauty , 
  i was referring to the cdu votes, 
  true . 
  what a man . 
   well , at least our head of government has to have the majority of votes in the election . 
  she literally does not . 
  merkel was 5 mps away from absolute majority with 41,5 % of votes . 
  schulz can become rrg chancellor even with spd coming in second, 
  ah , the perks of having a federal education system : some states just fuck up massively and their redditors embarrass us all . 
  of course it calls for violence , it 's a war song . 
  what did you expect there , the full text of the geneva convention ? 
  makes me proud too count me in !, 
  no dude , you sit down and learn our anthem . 
  the whole point of the president is that he should be supported by the biggest parties, 
  they are on double digits there right ? 
  i have to polish some work tonight , but i could translate it tomorrow if people are interested, 
  it 's been 3 days of cdu campaigning . 
  but yes , it 's pretty messy . 
  and then they say our politics are boring . 
  suck it , america . 
  you do n't have drag queens & football trainers to elect the president . 
  wtf would generals do there ? 
   italian cities mein gott , kids nowadays . 
  he 's a sweetheart lammert 's speech was a fucking brilliant masterpiece . 
  * brilliant *, 
  yes , as junior partner . 
  his point is , attacking the opposing candidate is normal in electoral campaigns that being said , i hope the positive campaign starts soon , we ca n't have 8 months of `` he said , she said '', 
  yes , but it 's still nice to have an adorable guy there as a unifying factor in these crazy times . 
  thanks , i 'm going to frankfurt next week so i 'll check it out if i have time, 
  their polls fell after september , while cdu went up so i 'd guess its conservatives `` going home '' . 
  nown afd is stable but spd goes up , with votes from cdu ( i 'd guess the merkel = stability crowd ) & die gr\u00fcne / die linke ( sigmar must go crowd ), 
  we elect the president today at noon . 
  steinmeier is a total sweetheart , and he has my reddit hug . 
  just like in berlin and meck-pomm last fall . . oh wait , polls actually overestimated them there . 
  kohl 's one is very special , even when you know fully well it did n't happen in reality . 
  but when you think of the optimism , the emotions , the `` yes we can '' mentality of the time , it 's still special . 
  it reminds all of us how fucking blessed we are to live in times of unity , instead of princes fighting each-other over some stupid villages , or a damn wall separating us . 
  yes , fuck you too . 
  i did n't even know we had a national rugby team but yes , buli this season has been a little off . 
  unless you 're the president of the epp and have a lead in popularity polls against the single most popular lead of any big , democratic country . 
  count me in !, 
  should n't we encourage parents to keep the kids with them ? 
  because right now we 're basically incentivizing parents to leave their kids with their families in poland . 
  do n't get me wrong , i understand that those parents are taking the decision keeping their kids ' best interest , but i think incentivizing parents to grow the kids themselves is positive . 
   however i do n't expect them to repeat a situation like the refugee crisis either that 's . . very optimistic of the spd . 
  because what we did right now is exactly another center-left party . 
  we definitely do n't have enough of them . 
  mein gott , if you want to vote for leftist policies , you have three options already . 
  if you want stable social spending , you also have cdu . 
  can we pleeeease allow those who do n't want more social spending an option to vote ? 
  these elections will be so much fun . 
   but what 's 7 years ? 
  it 's nothing . 
  it 's a lot . 
  poland of 2004 is not the poland of 2011 . 
  while you got some of their best guys , we did n't have to go through the same public shitshow . 
  we already had two million . . another two million in 7 years would have killed it . 
  but now ? 
  poles are cute and lovable . 
  tl ; dr people do n't move to spain to * find * a job . 
  if they have a job offer tho , they sure as fuck move , 
   for the younger generation , certain values such as the equality of homosexuality is their conservative value . 
  exactly . 
  i am a conservative . 
  and i see an adult who loves another adult . 
  they both decide , consensually , to have sex with each-other , build a life together , file their taxes together , and take responsibility for each-other . 
  perfect . 
  great for them . 
  their gender is none of my business , * because i am a conservative *, 
  afd has moved between 10 and 15 % in all polls since the nye k\u00f6ln . 
  they were at 10 % in december before that too i think . 
  their space to grow is pretty limited . 
  i 'd say any gaffes of a leftist government will be a win for a more conservative cdu ( if they get their shit together post a potential loss ) . 
  they kind of are . 
  if cdu becomes more conservative , the ex-cdu part of afd will go back to them . 
  we know perfectly well why they hate him . 
  it 's not because of his words , it 's because of him being our finance minister . 
  hence , we do n't care . 
  we wo n't . 
  i 'm tired of caring . 
   you may not be aware how despised he is in countries like portugal . 
  we know . 
  we do n't care . 
  i think he would be perfectly able to engineer a coup in early 2016 , so it 's not just age .
