  there 's always some tiny country fucking us up in charts ? 
  aaaaand we finally top a chart . 
  thank god . 
  exactly . 
  someone is criticising her on r/politicaldiscussion because she never mentioned a glass ceiling because she does n't have to you prick . 
  she can win elections without mentioning it . 
  but germany today is not the germany of 20 years ago . 
  and thank god for that - remember how many people were beaten to death by neo-nazis back then ? 
  shit we do n't even have a number you ca n't shout `` this is not your country and no one wants you for neighbor !!!! '', 
  to a national team player who 's loved all around the country , a general sweetheart and a potential captain just because he 's black . 
  maybe in 1996 , not in 2016 . 
  if brits are that stupid , then maybe we 're better off without them in this union, 
  that 's what r/worldnews always ignores . 
  yes , polls tend to be wrong about * our * right-wing parties : they overestimate them . 
  you never know what afd will do tho . 
  if someone told me in 2013 they 'd end up like * this * , i 'd tell them to chill down and have tea . 
  the fat kid who complains on facebook about his stepmom , but a fat kid who actually gets some shit done , 
  yes , but is n't le pen currently first for the first round anyway ? 
  maybe , just maybe we 'll get to see him next year as vice-chancellor if everything goes to plan . 
  and the afd will go apeshit crazy ... but the bad thing is , many others will go crazy too . 
  edit : now that i think about it , the guy 's perfect for education minister . 
  she is your step-mom , 
  no one cares about pc, 
  honey , with the utter mess that 's been my government since july , brexit , trump , a coup in turkey , spain being w/o a gov for 10 months & renzi potentially going bust , no one had the time to closely follow the primaries of a french party, 
  sorry , i forgot melenchon, 
  take the burkini ban . 
  le pen was like `` yay to secularism !, 
  no religious symbols on public ground ! '', 
  and sarkozy was like `` we should ban them because of terrorism '', 
  no chance . 
  juppe 's and fillon 's lead over le pen are twice bigger than sarkozy 's . 
  every single french politician bar le pen is uncharismatic so ... at this rate , they 'll slowly become us, 
  sarkozy 's problem with those proposals is he made le pen look sane . 
  le pen 's crazy proposals are mashed up in secularism ; his were openly islamophobic . 
  brilliant . 
  best news of the week , no doubt, 
  i honestly would n't mind . 
  i know the vast majority of my fellow countrymen would go apeshit crazy , but he is a good guy , he 's an integrated immigrant , a competent politician , and he actually takes responsibility for what he says ( sigmar was bashing merkel left and right despite being in the government , and he comes - an opposition guy - and goes like `` dude , we 're all in this together , stfu '' ) . 
  and almost all honour killings in germany occur among kurdish families , and i would n't call berlin a poorly policed tribal area . 
  or maybe her opponents just trust her because she 's really , really trustworthy for politicians ' standards ? 
  i like \u00d6zdemir , g\u00f6ring-eckardt , etc. 
  i do n't see who the fuck mentioned oettinger here . 
  and there are more important things than gay marriage , * with all due respect * . 
  it has nothing to do with nationalism , and a lot to do with realism . 
  but hey if you want hollande or sarkozy or le pen , you can keep them . 
  no one 's gon na try to steal them from you . 
  on the other hand , if someone is lunatic enough to switch from csu to afd , chances are he 's also against gay marriage, 
  and i only know two of those democrats , and most of my fellow germans only know 1 . 
  no , you guys count too . 
  between sarkozy , le pen and hollande ... 
  you do n't have to apologize for your countrymen , 
  she wo n't touch afd, 
  like i said , last-grownup-in-the-room . 
  racists being called racist ? 
  best-ran * big * country . 
  not best-ran country tho . 
  we should have a movie about those two . 
  you can always pick between a sane woman and an insane man . 
  or a sane but evil woman and a sane man . 
  or a sane woman and a bordering-on-insane one . 
  i think she feels like your mom at this point, 
  ... but that 's everywhere . 
  how many countries limit the terms of their pms ? 
  merkel is the pm equivalent , and there 's nothing suggesting that her being in power for so long has weakened the independence of institutions . 
  would you say germany was less democratic in the late years of kohl ? 
  the things that merkel herself can do are so limited that it 's not even up for discussion . 
  but why do you look at dictators instead of looking directly at germany ? 
  as a csu voter : calm down . 
  a leftist government would n't be a trump-level of disaster for us . 
  that being said : / u/vanj95 how about die gr\u00fcne ? 
  why should we ? 
  as predicted . 
  it 's good that she said this now , instead of waiting for the party conference as was previously planned . 
  the only grownup in the big room , 
  yes , please inform your fellow bulgarians about our new shithole because they 're coming in hundreds of thousands, 
  i know right ? 
  my boss always complains about the strong swabian accent of a client , and the guy is from afghanistan . 
  nope , csu , 
  well , it 's still a stupid debate of pure numbers without any background . 
  two days ago i met the branch manager my company works with for lunch . 
  exceptionally prepared for the job , perfect german , well-informed on political developments . 
  from her surname , she is one of those 4 million , but good luck convincing me the lady is less german than i am . 
  up to 4 million if you include kurds is not insignificant, 
  portugese or spaniards tend to be nice people in general , instead of freaky cunts who go apeshit crazy over their neighbor being slightly different . 
   that process purges most extremists when they have to face the reality of government . 
  also shows them to be utterly incompetent when they manage to get into government . 
  looking north . 
  we 're not the us mate . 
  if anything , you 'll see cdu do better than 32 % in the elections . 
  what 's more : this is not a cdu poll . 
  not a merkel-approval-rate . 
  it 's the % of people who want her to run again , regardless of whether they 'll vote for her or not . 
  if someone would come to me , i 'd answer with `` yes , i want her to run again '' . 
  if the guys from the approval rate polling came to me , i 'd answer with `` no , i do n't approve of her current policies '' . 
  and there are a lot of people like me . 
  there are spd voters and die gr\u00fcne voters and afd voters ( i am none of them ) who want her to run just because they want a chancellor that takes responsibility , but will vote for another party next year . 
  no worries . 
  i come there pretty often , and i 'm amazed at how the city has developed recently . 
  new buildings everywhere , road reconstruction , konstablerwache has started to look like part of a first-world country , ostend is getting cuter and cuter , 
  except for k\u00f6ln,
