  but then , this is bayern . 
   why do we get an imam who lived his whole life in turkey , then moves here and starts preaching ? 
  thats stupid . 
  i want an imam in german mosques who grew up in germany , knows germany and speaks german . 
  i fully agree that it 's better for imams to be germans . 
  does n't change the fact that right now it 's just impossible to find enough german-educated imams . 
  they have the best defense . 
  they do n't defend * us * ( altho yeah , indirectly they do ), 
  because they have pretty much the best defense against salafism ? 
  http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/20140830_mac990_2.png isis fighter `` per million muslim '', 
  but islam is n't run by a state either . 
  islam is actually far , far more decentralized than catholicism . 
   i 'm sure there 's something that could be worked out if everybody could just talk reasonably and honestly dude , it 's the balkans . 
  in 24 hrs ? 
  of course there a lot of things wrong with terrorism , but refusing to live your life out of fear does n't solve that . 
  why is half of their government resigning ? 
  i spend a decent amount of time every month in munich and frankfurt , both huge cities where the potential for a terror attack is huge , and heavily-armed police presence less than in brussels . 
  i 've gone to four festivals until now ( the one at berger stra\u00dfe was so much fun !, 
  ) , and to movies , and shopping malls , and to huge , heavily-packed train stations . 
  i do n't think about it . 
  yes it can happen , i know the risk , but most of the time i 'm too busy enjoying it to start focusing on every brown face on my way . 
  life is great . 
  we 're fucking blessed to be alive and healthy and able to attend all these events . 
  spending that time worrying about what could happen really destroys the point . 
  again , i specifically said my experience is pretty limited . 
  no , would n't say she 's as conservative as i would like her to be ( economy-wise mostly ; i 'm pro gay-marriage and that stuff ) , but i understand why she positions herself where she positions herself . 
  and since the other option is going for schulz ( not gon na happen ) , i 'll vote csu for the third time in a row in a federal election , and hope csu gains enough to push for more law-and-order policies . 
   many conservative politicians left the cdu to join parties like afd . 
  did they ? 
  erika might be called a conservative ( a lunatic one , but still ) . 
  she left the party . 
  the conservative wing in her party might be against how the refugee crisis was managed , but none of them left for afd . 
  are all conservatives , inside cdu , stronger inside the party ( thank god ) and the future of the party ( oh , maybe not sch\u00e4uble ) . 
  `` progressive '' can also mean pushing for progress in small , but stable steps . 
  and merkel is pretty good at that . 
  `` progressive '' can also mean spending months discussing about what bathroom transgenders should use . 
  thank god , our chancellor has no time for that . 
  and you can definitely be a conservative and want the country to develop . 
  source : am one , got no issue with development . 
  from my ( granted , limitet ) experience , most of people with a phd are conservatives . 
  definitely more phd people are what i would call conservative than what people nowadays like to call `` progressive '', 
   she is n't the most progressive chancellors she 's supposed to be a conservative . 
   traditional parties , the establishment , is losing votes pretty much everywhere in the western world . 
  except for her party being at 39 % , one of the highest points of the century . 
   that could be frightening for people like her . 
  just speculating . 
  i thought you meant you were frightened . 
  and forbidding people from becoming billionaires is also bad for the individual . 
  not that it 's income tax that is the issue when it comes to billionaires since , ya know , they do n't exactly have hourly wages . 
  sch\u00e4uble is second-popular politician of the country . 
  but yes , i agree , a minister of finance who makes friends is a huge red flag : one ca n't be both competent and liked by colleagues in that position . 
  i agree with the last paragraph so much i want to print it and put it on a wall . 
  but kosovo is n't part of serbia . . 
  yes . 
  but everytime someone tries to explain how the federal structure hinders some things in germany here in r/europe , you get 127 smartasses saying `` well then just centralize everything !!!!!! '', 
  most of states do not use the full amount of infrastructure spending that the federal government allocates to them . 
  that 's not on sch\u00e4uble . 
  that 's on the state governments . 
  no , you have to do the deductions first but yes , you 'd pay 53 % of the total taxable income . 
  we do n't have tax brackets like in the us ; whatever is your tax rate is applied on the full amount , and the `` headline '' tax rate equals the effective tax rate in a 0 deduction scenario . 
  if the government gets 53 % and you have two kids , i can see why one would have some worries . 
  definitely a perfectly livable wage ( lived on less than half of that in munich ) , but then what 's the point of studying super difficult subjects and working your ass off , if you ca n't allow for some nice holidays for your kids or you have to think twice before making big purchases ? 
  personally , i do n't think an income tax of over 50 % is fair at * any * level . 
  but if set that aside and discuss levels , then we either do the crazy 60-sth that spd wants ( that puts , like i illustrated , single mothers and fathers in an uncomfortable position ) , or we go to super-high amounts where there 's almost no one to tax anyway . 
   overall their economic plan makes a great deal of sense , they should just frame it differently . 
  read a couple of things about it , and still ca n't see who is supposed to pay about all the promises . 
  no , it does n't make sense . 
  i fully agree , inheritances should be taxed more in germany . 
  there 's no reason , on earth , why a single mother , a decent engineer working in munich earning 65000 a year should send 53 % of that to the government , and guess what , what remains is n't enough to live on comfortably with two kids in munich . 
  it 's not fair that a hardworking person who graduated from a top school and found herself a top job can not afford to live comfortably because she happens to have kids . 
  53 % tax is not fair . 
  thank god , taxes were lowered last time the left leaning party was in power in germany . 
  because a 53 % tax has nothing to do with `` justice '' , no matter which way you spin it . 
  edit : any particular reason why redditors think taking 53 % of someone 's earned money is fair ? 
  check any post for attacks against refugee shelters in germany . 
  you see the word `` patriotic duty '' plastered around a lot . 
  a cdu/csu/fdp government . . omg reddit will melt . 
  melt . 
  now it 's our turn . 
  our !, 
  you know less about your country 's politics than i do . 
  and the conservative may can never be . 
  ca n't we do this with regions so that we look good ? 
  merkel respects the guy . 
  you ca n't be a christian and think the pope is some fool . 
  he 's pretty cool for a pope . 
  this year teachers just had the biggest raise in our national history . . 
  wages are n't set by the government ( thank god ), 
   i think we 're unofficially grateful for that < 3 `` if you can handle me at my worst , you deserve me at my best '', 
  while i do know of his issues and the corruption scandal and the euro mess , i do n't think i feel stronger about any politician . 
  he 's the chancellor of reunification . 
  thank you for everything & rip . 
  i think we recognized your independence before you declared it or sth . 
  judging from the current ez mess , i 'm praying for no visionary leaders for a bit . 
  except our lazy asses are rich af so they ca n't say that in public . 
  dude , turks drink like crazy . 
  but it was n't a wave , it was lahm 's goal . 
  well , lahm scored a goal in last minute against turkey after fucking up for the first time in his career . 
  her reaction was pretty tame . 
   free trade is always directly proportionate to freedom of movement .
