  yes , but france having issues with infighting and conflicts is more or less the status-quo . 
  a fascist , anti-eu president would be worse . 
  how is he an outsider ? 
  the french voters knew he was an investment banker and a minister for a while . 
  can we please get those french pollsters ? 
  it surprises you that borderline-communists might like a fascist yelling for economy nationalization more than a free-market , pro-eu , pro-globalism centrist ? 
  i was talking about germans , wtf does nice have to do with it ? 
  let 's never forget what hatred can do . 
  let 's never forget how easy it is to slip into craziness . 
  let 's not forget the millions of lives lost just because they happened to be the wrong ethnicity or religion or skin color . 
  let 's not forget that this shit did n't happen in another planet , it happened in our cities . 
  let 's not forget that it was n't committed by monsters : it was committed by grown men who had families , feelings , dreams , hopes and fears . 
  let 's not forget that we as humanity should never get there again , and that that 's a fucking responsibility and a promise , not a feel-good-sentence . 
  end of the eu as we know it . 
  germany-france is the defining partnership of the eu , and the motor of it . 
  and because then it would be germany and nl and austria and denmark paying for the rest of the eu , and you should have no doubt the last three would leave in a moment 's notice , putting the burden in germany , and we wo n't put up with that . 
  on top of that , france leaving will be a huge blow and will make people more skeptic towards the eu in other countries . 
  discussion point : i seriously think le pen is more or less unique in europe when it comes to the urban/rural division . 
  afd has almost exact numbers between big cities & villages ( hamburg being an exception ) . 
  le pen gets under 5 % in paris and other big cities , and 22 % nationwide ? 
  he 's now 2,5 percentage points over le pen en marche !, 
  yeap , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  a le pen - melenchon was well within statistical error just five hours ago . 
  do n't stress out tonight : celebrate . 
  we do n't know what will happen in the next five years . 
  five years ago you did n't predict the refugee crisis , syria dragging out this long , brexit , trump , the war in ukraine , etc. 
  they were refugees, 
  there 's nothing wrong with establishment candidates source : am german , we cool . 
  after 5 years , we see . 
  there is a tangible risk we 'd go down the shitter as a political union in 2017 , and now you 're thinking of 2022 . 
  they were a bit too-german for countries that had just went through hell under nazi occupation , so yay , ethnic cleansing !, 
  those expelled from poland , czechoslovakia , hungary , etc and their kids like to vote for the afd . 
  but it 's not very surprising . 
  fn in general has n't won that many votes compared to five years ago , and their rhetoric has actually gotten worse . 
  link to map ? 
   nice why fillon ? 
  religion ? 
   macron controlling the french parliament , great !, 
   greece , true  second largest net donor leaving , may they go with god  turkey true  rampant refugee/migration , where  trump not our fault  and the euro . 
  it 's doing well, 
  exactly, 
  we still have little italy to worry about . 
  macron is a more central candidate than the fucking center itself . 
  i 'd like to remind you all that macron is running on a pro-immigration , pro-free trade , pro-eu , pro-globalization , pro-social progress platform . 
  le pen has been polling on same levels since mid-2013 , much of her support is protest vote . 
  there 's space to counter populism , and serious parties should position themselves in that space . 
  the center * should * win , for the sake of our continent . 
  for us , it 's now up to cdu and spd to come up with rational candidates ( done ! ), 
  and two reasonable political programs . 
  for the rest of europe , get your shit together , we have to weather this . 
  i am sorry , i confused the auschwitz day with kristallnacht ceremonies . 
  that 's what you get when your grandparents decide to kill so many people : you forget when happened what . 
  their fucking president tweeted that the terror attack will affect the election in what looked like a le pen endorsement . 
  . . wtf does trump have to do with this . 
  yes , but in big cities , both le pen and fillon do badly so i do n't think it can increase . 
  71-81 % has been basically le pen falling harder than the pound post-brexit . 
  knowing french politics , it 'll probably be francois hollande . 
  i still find it funny how the new first lady will be the president 's old latin teacher , who as a married mother of three started a long-distance relationship with a student 26 years her junior . 
  we should really turn this into a meme , since no one was seriously hurt ( and bartra has all our thoughts and prayers ), 
  she 's a sweetheart, 
  better a grandma than anyone leading a big country right now . 
  fully agree, 
  yeap , that 's why i said awesome . 
  if her husband likes her in bed , it 's not up to berlusconi to say a thing . 
  he 's the one paying for sex . 
  btw , do you have a link to it ? 
  random q : why do you do the holocaust remembrance now , while we do the main ceremonies in november ? 
  i think canada might have beaten them at it we , on the other hand , with elect a fat , boring lady with 20 same jackets with different colors with invisible hair and zero charisma . 
  * awesome *, 
  ffs , learn some german before translating seibert . 
  merkel 's spokesperson also wished macron `` all the best for the next two weeks '', 
  messi just scored his 500th bar\u00e7a goal , a match winner , in the dying minutes of el clasico . 
  el clasico at 2-2 guy , james scored . 
  cities with a lot of immigration do n't vote for the far-right dude . 
  in germany , the places where afd gets 20 + % of the votes are the places where the only foreigner is a czech woman who fell in love with a local farmer . 
  in the east , they get a shitload of votes from linke . 
  they are the third group . 
  i did n't know weidel exists , and gauland insulted a national team football player and is part of the hard-right wing . 
  big cities have more votes and hence take more time to count . 
  ahem , a nationalised economy is a common theme in both . 
  euroskepticism is a common theme in both . 
  meh , not really . 
  the first afd people were against the bailout : they wo n't vote for someone who supported eurobonds . 
  the next group were the neo-nazis who are there to stay . 
  the third group were the disfranchised voters who 've been left behind by globalisation and who lost their job to eu expansion eastwards . 
  the fourth group of people who were legitimately anti-immigration . 
  the fourth group already started declining after the deal with turkey , and even more after schulz decided to run . 
  would n't be surprising if it continued to decline as cdu starts campaigning more . 
  especially if afd goes full-nazi with gauland, 
  macron is n't anti-establishment . 
  the guy is an investment banker who was hollande 's minister for a while and tried to push for necessary reforms . 
  and some countries do n't want to burn their establishment alive . 
  not in 2017 at least . 
  guys , we need el clasico goals in the livethread . 
   ever since sarkozy that 's five damn years . 
  there should also be people who abstained in the first round because they hate everyone but do n't want their country to be led by a xenophobic lunatic . 
  yes , in 2002 , in the great times of hope and optimism , not in 2017 , after a decade of economic stagnation , with like 250 people killed in terror attacks in france in the last 5 years , and it times when the rightwing is winning territory everywhere , from india and philippines , through us/uk , and down to austria and hungary, 
   there 's no way they can compete with cdu/csu and spd ( both around 34 % ) with their 9 % now the last 4 polls have cdu ahead of spd by a margin of 4-6 % , and merkel has n't even started campaigning other than that speech in m\u00fcnster . 
  because we went through the biggest crisis since reunification . 
  they still never polled above 15 % on a federal level .
