  you have to ask about specific countries . 
  there 's the eu blue card , but it does n't function very well . 
  second , talking about germany , what you call opt : once you finish your studied here , if you 're self-sufficient , you can stay for up to 12 months to find a job in your field . 
  if you get the job , you get to stay in the country . 
  this work visa is not tied to the company since that would increase competition for locals , dump down wages and working conditions for everyone , as well as put eu citizens in a worse-off position , which is technically illegal ( since you know , the company ca n't blackmail you with `` work 60 hours a week or i 'll send you back '' if you 're an eu citizen ), 
  i was n't talking about rubber bullets or tear gas or whatever . 
  i referred specifically at unarmed people getting shot ( as in , the kind of shots that can kill you ) by our border police . 
  and no , i do not want that . 
  we 're not going to shoot people at the border . 
  not at * my * border . 
  i am against the current mess and i 've made it very clear here on r/europe . 
  i agree with every other possible measure , even the turkey deal , even a deal with libya , but i will be sad if i see someone with the german police uniform shooting at a person for illegally going past a border . 
  our greatest ally and economic partner ladies & gentlemen . 
  you can maintain a welfare state without making it accessible for illegals . 
  actually , we should come up with a trick to make it unaccessible for eu immigrants too ^ do n't ^ kill ^ me, 
  not when i write in english here on reddit - it 's supposed to be break time for god 's sake . 
  all of them i think . 
  thank god , i am tired of capitalizing twice . 
  the issue with with with their housing market is not prices ; it 's the massive regulations . 
  there is simply * no place * in stockholm at this point and good luck getting a room anywhere within the city limits , esp . 
  if you 're a foreigner . 
  and that 's why i tell my girlfriend not to buy at zara . 
  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  uniforms do n't kill people you know, 
  and these people either stayed home or voted for pis , statistically speaking, 
  personally i found it very weird when the czech government approved the sale of one of their biggest banks to russian investors close to putin . 
  of course , it was never posted on reddit was n't it ? 
  3 rapes in k\u00f6ln is the official number i think, 
  and now no one can say we have no humor !, 
  in this particular case , it 's a matter of foreign policy so yes , it should be a political decision since it takes political responsibility . 
  not really , considering that it should be a political decision . 
  i do n't agree with the rule itself , i do n't have a problem with it being a government competency . 
  i beg you pardon ? 
  if you disagree with the law that 's fine , i do too . 
  but how is merkel abusing her power if she 's doing exactly what the law asks her to do : decide whether there should he a prosecution ? 
  ... good luck guys , good luck, 
  i think both the latest wave ( post 2012 ) and turks are more overrepresented in crime rates than eu immigrants but i agree - at least where i live , ukrainians seem to have the monopoly on house burglaries . 
  no ones dares to mess in the business , lol, 
  i have been saying `` we 're next '' since charlie hebdo . 
  i do n't know why i had a very bad feeling about the dortmund match last week . 
  thank god , nothing has happened yet but yeah ... 
  i am sure someone in nrw is having a coffee and discussing logistics about a terrorist attack as we speak . 
  the german official stats should pretty clearly how overrepresented immigrants are when it comes to violent crime rates , and i do n't think it 's the spanish it guys doing it . 
  then shut up instead of solely blaming asylum seekers if you are aware that your fellow compatriots are the main culprits . 
  specialization makes everything more efficient, 
  poland is not a fucked up zone . 
  central america is . 
  some of the poorest countries in europe - kosovo , bosnia , belarus - are perfectly safe, 
  i think the guy i just trying to raise some attention about it , not creating a rare pearl of our culture . 
  it 's waaay within legal rules too, 
  nope , your investments went up too last year . 
  i do n't know about your total trade deficit , but i know how many german factories are moving to romania . 
  your exports to france & italy have swelled a lot . 
  your banking sector is also doing very well . 
  czech republic too , 4 % in 2015, 
  i think it is one of the reasons ( i am not blaming terrorism on french policies , i am explaining another point ) it 's one thing when terrorism becomes wide-spread and everyone is threatened ( close to the situation we are now ) . 
  however , if terrorists would have an annual quota of this one single terrorist attack , it would make sense to make it in france . 
  why ? 
  to compare it to the situation of turks here : they may despise certain aspects of our country , but they do n't have a reason to actively hate everything german . 
  algerians in france have such a reason . 
  thus , convincing/manipulating someone with turkish roots to attack germany is harder than convincing someone with algerian roots to attack france . 
  again , do n't misunderstand me , i am not saying terrorism is justified , i am just adding another factor to the big bag of stupid reasons psychopaths find for attacking france again , do n't, 
  there is some truth to it . 
  source : my parents . 
  they are going crazy because of the rates ( not crazy enough to vote afd i guess , but they say they could stop voting for csu ) . 
  what do i mean with this : in the last elections , afd gained ground almost solely by the refugee crisis . 
  however , once that dies down and people get bored , then `` your savings are being thrown over greece by merkel 's best friend !!!!!!!!! '', 
  will be the new slogan . 
  remember , the reason why people have voted afd up until 2015 were greek bailouts , euroscepticism , structural funds , etc. 
  afd was n't invented for the refugee crisis - it was an existing political force that got a significant number of votes from eurosceptics , during times when germany profiting from the eu was at the highest historical level . 
  then , they used the refugee crisis to establish themselves as a bigger party instead of one dealing with `` fringe issues '' . 
  i work with polish imports to germany , i definitely would rather see a brexit than a polexit . 
  and yes !, 
  brothers in drinking , central europe unite !, 
  ^ do n't ^ invite ^ hungary, 
  aheeem , we have social policies with parental leave and whatnot too ... 
  it 's also a cultural matter . 
  i did n't vote the last time for the brussels guy , anyway . 
  my point was that i know my government and how it administers stuff . 
  the problems we have are problems that can be traced to the government i voted so it would be pointless for me to blame the brussels guy, 
  fiscal union for dummies : money from the north gets sent down south and also to our east . 
  here we 're not fighting over healthcare % or vat exemptions . 
  we 're fighting over transfers . 
  you know , france is pro fiscal transfers and germany requires checks for that to be possible since you know , it would be our money . 
  oh shut the fuck up , no one will let poland leave eu . 
  it would fuck our economy and diplomatic relations . 
  stop bashing them and watch for your own country , which btw is n't a member state . 
  because we have an elected government . 
  i voted for merkel ( csu ) , i hold her accountable , not some weird guy in brussels . 
  which part of ee ? 
  not v4 countries - definitely not . 
  france has a fertility rate of 2,03 ; around 52 % of kids are born outside of marriage germany : 1,41 ; 31 % see ? 
  of course , because it affects us . 
  turkish defamation laws do n't affect us so our noses should stay out of it . 
  again , we know our rules . 
  you 're ignoring our legal culture and just projecting your own views & experiences in another country . 
  2 : in case you have n't noticed , we 'd rather not get in a stupid race with the us or russia . 
  we kind of half-gave-up on the security council thing . 
  turkey btw is not a neighbor . 
  to answer your question , while our foreign ministry will release press statements and whatnot , no , i do n't think it 's our damn business what turkey does with their defamation laws and we should stay out of it .
