  but yes , he 'd be a very effective chancellor for domestic issues . 
  `` we 're all the people '', 
  deportations are in the hands of national governments in germany , it 's not even that , it 's completely in the hands of federal states . 
  berlin refuses to deport people , nothing one can do about it . 
  we do n't plan to invade the us anytime soon . 
   it 's not like laws can be changed : / if the federal government and all 16 states agree to it , of course . 
  easy-peasy . 
  i 'm gon na miss sch\u00e4uble so much when he retires ( or dies , whichever comes first ), 
  of course we respect you for being resilient enough to withstand our genocidal times, 
  do n't they know we have elections in september ? 
  yeah , 15 $ / h seems okay . 
  i know a bio-market in munich that paid 15 $ / h to all enty-level cashiers in 2014 , before a national minimum wage was even implemented . 
  the solution ca n't be the minimum wage , unless that guy wants to set it at 30 euros or sth . 
  honestly , with the traffic & everything , it 's better to live outside and commute . 
  you 're not losing much time , and everything is far cheaper . 
  our unit-labor-costs are not low . 
  they 're some of the highest in the world . 
  they 're just higher tham everything north of us . 
  the `` problem '' here is , no one is able to come up with an at least applicable & semi-effective solution . 
  and every fucking job in munich pays above the minimum wage anyway , because free market . 
  and rents are going up faster, 
  dude , the reason why we have a refugee crisis is you nutjobs dealing with the me and i do n't think we 've ever asked for help btw . 
  you did , every single time you have to go & mess with the me again . 
  and thank god for that . 
  that 's amazing . 
  autocracy ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  and this is n't me talking , our government pushed for more engagement from poland for a long time, 
  what awkward timing . 
  on february 9th germany reported the world 's largest current-account surplus , of about $ 270bn ( almost $ 300bn ) , beating even china 's . 
  meanwhile , the country with the world 's biggest deficit remains america , which under its new president , donald trump , is browbeating friend and foe alike in the name of putting `` america first '' . 
  mr trump 's economic adviser , peter navarro , has even accused germany of currency manipulation . 
  by his logic , germany `` exploits '' america and others because it uses the euro , which is weaker today than the old deutschmark would be , making german cars , machines and other exports more competitive . 
  coming just weeks after mr trump casually threatened to slap a 35 % tariff on imported bmws , such talk has germans ' full attention . 
  his verbal assaults on the rules-based trading order , along with his disdain for nato and the european union , strike at the heart of post-war germany 's identity and national interest , which is to be embedded in europe and the west as a peaceful mercantile nation . 
  but if mr trump thinks the angst he is causing gives him bargaining power over germany , he is naive . 
  his administration 's mistake is to attack germany with flawed logic . 
  yes , the euro is weak relative to the dollar . 
  but so are other currencies . 
  germans think mr trump has only himself to blame . 
  he has promised huge tax cuts and increases in infrastructure spending , which will drive up interest rates in america , boosting the dollar . 
  mr navarro 's suggestion that germany deliberately attempts to weaken the euro makes no sense . 
  the european central bank ( ecb ) may be based in frankfurt . 
  but its president , mario draghi , is keeping interest rates near zero and buying bonds ( in the european version of `` quantitative easing '' ) primarily to stimulate economies outside germany . 
  indeed , german economists and pundits are mr draghi 's most vocal critics . 
  they have complained for years that low interest rates rob german savers and ruin german life insurers . 
  if the government shows restraint in criticising mr draghi , that is thanks to another german tradition : respect for the independence of central bankers . 
  when mr draghi began loosening monetary policy , `` i told him he would drive up germany 's export surplus , '' wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , germany 's finance minister , told tagesspiegel , a german newspaper . 
  `` i promised then not to criticise this course publicly . 
  but i do not then want to be criticised for the consequences of this policy . '' by choosing the wrong line of reasoning , mr trump has unwittingly let the germans off the hook in a more fundamental debate . 
  after all , germany 's trade surpluses have been controversial for years . 
  long before mr trump ran for office , the european commission in brussels , the international monetary fund in washington , america 's treasury department and the oecd , a club of mostly rich countries , were already berating germany for causing imbalances in the european and global economies . 
  the real german problem their analysis starts more than a decade ago , when german employers and unions agreed to restrain wage growth . 
  workers were n't thrilled , but everyone agreed that germany was not competitive enough . 
  this amounted to a devaluation of germany within the euro zone . 
  the best way out of today 's imbalances , economists say , is not to keep cutting wages in down-and-out countries like greece , but to let them rise in germany . 
  wages have been going up -- by 2.3 % last year -- but should grow faster . 
  the other factor is that germans , in an ageing society , have for years been saving much more than they invest . 
  individuals are filling piggy banks for their retirement . 
  and firms , expecting lower returns from older , smaller populations in the future , are investing abroad instead of at home . 
  at the same time , the government , also citing demography , in 2011 adopted a `` debt brake '' , limiting its new borrowing at just the moment when ultra-low interest rates would make debt service almost free . 
  the resulting excess savings are capital that germany sends abroad . 
  they are the corollary of germany 's current-account surpluses . 
  there is a case that germany invests too little . 
  marcel fratzscher , an economist , estimates this `` investment gap '' at $ 100bn annually . 
  many in the centre-left social democratic party ( spd ) agree with him . 
  they include martin schulz , the spd 's freshly chosen candidate for chancellor in the election scheduled for september 24th . 
  he has jolted his party in the polls . 
  the spd is now roughly even with the centre-right bloc of angela merkel . 
  should mr schulz win , government spending could rise . 
  other german economists , such as clemens fuest , doubt that the gap is big . 
  in the 1990s , after reunification , investment soared as eastern germany got new roads , buildings and plants . 
  eventually that exceptional spending had to end , says mr fuest , and recently germany 's investment ratio has been stable . 
  in 2015 it was 19.9 % , a bit higher than the eu average . 
  boosting investment is a good idea , he thinks , but no realistic increase could reverse a current-account surplus that amounts to 9 % of gdp . 
  if germany really wanted to attack its surpluses , it would have to do something drastic , he thinks , such as lowering value-added tax ( making goods cheaper , domestic or foreign ) while raising payroll taxes ( making only german labour dearer ) . 
  but that is a non-starter politically . 
  another option is for the government to stop saving and start deficit-spending . 
  but that too is anathema in the berlin consensus . 
  as the german campaign heats up , all sides are instead likely to praise the surplus as a sign of export prowess . 
  sigmar gabriel , the foreign minister and a leading social democrat , gave a taste of this defiance when he responded to mr trump 's tariff threat by taunting america to `` make better cars '' . 
  one day , when enough elderly germans actually cash in their savings , german surpluses will turn to deficits . 
  until then , germany 's policy stand-off with the world will continue . 
   it is necessary to adopt some common rules we have those . 
  they 're not respected . 
  for those rules to be taken seriously , you need to make sure they 're enforced . 
  but i do n't think greece & spain would be very happy with sch\u00e4uble as their finance minister . 
   is it possible to put a percentage of our debts together , for example a 60/80 % as guarantee for eurobonds ? 
  that 's like low-cal mcdonalds . 
  it 's still mcdonalds . 
   trump did n't brake constitution yes he did . 
  his strongest advisor is a fucking white supremacist , on top of that . 
   trusting this government will not work either . 
  you got a better plan on how to rebuild our ties ? 
  again with the idealistic view that we only should work with those we fully agree on . 
  the same idealistic views that were celebrating at that post about recognition of adoptions by same-sex couples . 
  the same idealistic views that led to low turnout for hillary and the election of that cheeto-benito . 
  the same idealistic views that bash the deal with turkey , and the deal with libya , and bash refugees on top of that . 
  the same idealistic views that will led to the destruction of the eu . 
  you have to work with those you despise .
