  that 's politics 101 . 
   alienating them would at least give people outside signal that 's something 's wrong . 
  no , it will not . 
  it will alienate poles , and with good reason . 
  we ca n't afford to have an open conflict with a country of 40 million , our eastern neighbor , and esp . 
  not during these crazy times . 
  and i 'm not talking about business - no , we politically ca n't afford it . 
  no , it 's not . 
  if shit goes bad in the eu , there 's a higher chance of poland having the same position & interests with us than italy . 
  that 's why we pushed for it during tusk 's days . 
  there 's no economic sustainability with unlimited liability . 
  not for greece , not for italy , and certainly not for us . 
   after that they are on their own . 
  thing is , they wo n't be on their own . 
  we 'd have to help again . 
   but we need to get rid of this shit-on-wheels minister of finances first . 
  yes , we really need someone like varoufakis . 
  that will surely strengthen our economy . 
  sch\u00e4uble is one of the most-loved , well-respected politicians this country has seen for a reason , and that 's credibility . 
  let 's not imagine that , shall we . 
   merkel spoke about her experience from the gdr , how important solidarnosc was for her personally that was a fucking brilliant finding . 
  trump is also unpredictable . 
  yet i think merkel should keep him close and communicate regularly with him . 
  that 's the issue with some people : they think holy , church-approved , principle-based , rigid foreign policy can work . 
  * it does not * . 
  you got ta keep countries close , even when they go apeshit crazy . 
  yes , you have to talk to someone who wrote a book accusing you of wanting to reinstate a reich , because the future of our countries is more important than personal feelings . 
  alienating countries does n't work , and we need any partners we can get . 
  we saw that in 2015 . 
  debt forgiveness is a one-off thing . 
  you give up on 200 billion once , and that 's it . 
  eurobonds are a perpetual liability . 
  god knows what adventure they might come up with in the next 20 , 50 years . 
  there 's no way out . 
   especially when a big portion of what germany gives comes back as money from eu . 
  19bn is the net spending . 
  it 's 80 % of total contribution , we only get like 20 % back . 
  ok , so have your cute little currency union without germany , austria , netherlands , etc. 
  then have transfers between italy and spain , it should be lot of fun . 
  but you * are * important to us . 
  we 'd rather have you in a triangle of power than rome . 
  it 's funny how taxpayers that suffered under reforms like agenda 2010 , whose whole point was making our economy competitive , and who are still under austerity , have a problem with their taxes going for a greek cc . 
  they already got one debt cut . 
  a * yuge * one but of course i 'd rather have debt forgiveness than eurobonds . 
   we went there are two parallel posts who are getting many comments . 
  one is `` evil germany benefiting from greece being in '' the other `` evil germany wants to kick greece out '' of course , next week there 'll be another `` evil germany being against currency weakening by the ecb '' i give up on trying to make people reason . 
  you want germany , austria , netherlands , slovakia , baltic countries out of the ez ? 
  uhm okay , that currency union should work just fine . 
  greece has been under financial assistance programmes for almost seven years . 
  there have been delays , concerns and real drama that brought the country close to leaving the eurozone . 
  there has also been a lot of progress in making the greek economy more competitive . 
  but for many , greece remains synonymous with bad news . 
  few were surprised , therefore , when the international monetary fund recently stated that the country 's debt was on an alarming trajectory . 
  a sober look at the facts shows that greece 's debt situation does not have to be cause for alarm . 
  the european financial stability facility and the european stability mechanism , the eurozone 's rescue funds , have disbursed $ 174bn to greece . 
  we would not have lent this amount if we did not think we would get our money back . 
  much has already happened to ease the country 's debt burden . 
  both public and private creditors have made unprecedented efforts to keep greece 's debt sustainable . 
  no other country in the world has ever received greater debt reduction . 
  in 2012 , private investors took a haircut on their holdings , scrapping $ 107bn in loans from greece 's books . 
  then , public creditors eased lending conditions significantly . 
  this reduced the economic value of the country 's debt by around 40 per cent . 
  as a result , greece enjoys budgetary savings of about $ 8bn annually -- the equivalent of about 4.5 per cent of gross domestic product -- and will continue to do so for years to come . 
  this does not lead to budgetary cost for european taxpayers . 
  however , they do take on risks . 
  as a result , the actual cost to greece of servicing its debt is among the lowest in europe and will remain so for a long time . 
  its gross financing needs will drop in the coming years and fall well below those of most other eurozone countries by 2020 . 
  the recent short-term debt relief measures taken by the esm will also help . 
  if the agreed reform programme is fully implemented , debt sustainability is within reach . 
  why does the imf come to a different conclusion ? 
  the fund has so far not been able to integrate into its analysis of greece fundamental factors that set a member of the eurozone apart from other countries in the world . 
  related article why is the eurozone back in crisis over greece ? 
  athens faces another big debt payment and eurozone politics makes relief impossible the esm provides very long-term loans at exceptionally favourable conditions . 
  in may 2016 , greece 's eurozone partners pledged additional debt relief at the end of the esm programme in mid-2018 , should there be a need for it . 
  and in the long term , they have committed to even more help , provided that greece sticks to its side of the bargain . 
  it is hard to overestimate the significance of this pledge , made by the finance ministers of the eurozone . 
  solidarity with greece will continue . 
  countries outside the eurozone can not rely on such assurances . 
  once imf disbursements end , they are on their own . 
  in those cases , the fund is right to insist that debt sustainability is assured early . 
  but in greece , the esm will hold two-thirds of greek debt for at least another 30 years . 
  as a result , the imf 's shorter time horizon is not appropriate . 
  also , the fund ignores the pledge made by greece 's eurozone partners . 
  the solution for greece lies not in additional debt relief , but in the government implementing reforms so as to avoid delays in the issuing of the next tranche of the esm loan . 
  investors understand the esm framework and recognise the commitments of greece 's european partners . 
  past experience shows that making loans in exchange for reforms works . 
  it is no coincidence that ireland and spain today have some of the highest growth rates in europe and very low funding costs after successfully completing rescue loan programmes with demanding reforms . 
  in 2016 , even greece outperformed expectations , with a higher than anticipated growth rate and a primary surplus . 
  further delays could put this positive trend at risk . 
  yes , if schultz decides to campaign on eurobonds oh , that will be so much fun . 
  yes , let 's change the law so that the federal government can override courts what could possibly go wrong . 
  we still have the rule of law around here , to my best knowledge . 
   and it is opinions like yours that give raise to the le pens , the farages , the grillos it 's agenda 2010 & its positive consequences that makes sure afd ca n't compete on the level le pen , farage , grillo , etc. 
  can , even during the height of a refugee crisis incomparable to anything france , uk and italy has went through recently , all while afd is strictly against transfers ( 19 billion net annually ) & negative rates of the ecb ( that will blow our pensions up ) if you get a credit card on someone 's else name , then use it to buy your kids a bunch of useless toys , then lie about it , then refuse to pay it , then they take your credit away . . of course your kids will be pissed off & will look for a parent saying he 'll get the credit card back . 
  yes , but it 's not sth the federal government has a say in , they 're as pissed off as you are at the power grid thing . 
   the point was to force germany to have a compelling interest in being the main member of a powerful european union yes , that 's a very nice way to put it , but i 'm gon na stick to my blunter explanation . 
  they blackmailed us into the euro because they were scared of a big economy . 
  now they 're scared again . 
  ahem , okay , but * not our fault *, 
  yeah , millions of people who suffered from agenda 2010 and are now living in the stablest economy in the world would like a word .
