  we are pressing for higher rates . 
  draghi just tells us to fuck off . 
  our current account with eu countries is converging around 0 . 
  just because kuba , the guy in stuttgart assembling lights for benz happens to have polish heritage does n't make those cars any less german . 
  still rooting for rutte and the scottish lady . 
  the entire poland on suicide watch and the two of them in bed together should be pretty scary . 
  i mean let 's be honest . 
  would n't that be one of the greatest loves of all times ? 
  eu is a union of half a billion people . 
  and all it took was 24 post-inauguration hours . 
  now back to work !, 
  and they looked so damn adorable today, 
  yes , i read your first comment about gay marriage before replying . 
  could you please provide another argument ? 
  uhm , no . 
  things are different in the two countries , as brits are more individualists and the french less so , but on general terms , tories are more conservative than the french republicans, 
  is n't anyone paying attention to how damn cute merkel and macron 's body language is today ? 
  semi-bald macron sounds good . 
  thank you !, 
  but macron needs a governing coalition , and the socialists simply collapsed . 
  a moderate conservative close to juppe is a choice that makes me happy , but tbh , i had literally never heard of the guy . 
  anyone willing to talk about his past experiences and political positions ? 
  wtf does kraft have to do with neoliberalism ? 
  this is the worst result for the spd in nrw ** ever . 
  not really more investment might be an economically sound policy right now , but our current budget is definitelt a symbol of fiscal responsibility . 
  yes , i also think a cross in a wall is more relevant to your everyday life than high crime rates and the second-worst education system of the country . 
  as for corruption : sigmar was involved in scandals . 
  schulz has his issues with eu money , albeit he 's done nothing illegal . 
  merkel is spot-free . 
  i like ppp on principle , although i understand that sometimes it can create issues , when the state does n't impose clear rules . 
  i disagree with their stance on gay marriage . 
  why should i vote for higher taxes , less private options on healthcare and pension , more regulations , more bureaucracy , more immigration , more russia-friendly foreign policy , less support and funding for the police , and disastrous education policy ( on a local level ) ? 
  why should i vote for schulz/sigmar instead of merkel/sch \u00e4uble ? 
  listen , i 'm no expert , but i have some years behind me . 
  i 've spent all my adult years under a merkel-led country , and we 've done pretty well in some very dangerous times . 
  i 've spent all my years in a csu-led state , and trust me , things are pretty good down here . 
  the simple truth is , there 's nothing in the current crop of rrg that makes me thing they can administer the country better than it is currently managed . 
  and yelling about social justice in beer halls will not change that . 
  well , we have a federal system . 
  if people want to vote for parties that campaign with these experiments , there 's nothing anyone outside that state can do . 
  i fully agree , but hey , you need compromise in a coalition . 
  hey , i vote csu , i 'm not trying to convince anyone cdu is liberal . 
  just provided a counterargument . 
  conscription was a cdu policy , but not necessarily a principally-conservative policy , thus i did n't mention it . 
  you forgot pushing for flexi-rente , one of the things i really respect the conservative wing of the party for . 
  losing 8 pp in five years is a bit . . ugly . 
  and then you have another -6 from die gr\u00fcne . 
  i do n't think abortion should be banned , but saying all abortions are because of rape is outright stupid . 
  at the end of the day , the vast , vast majority of abortions happen to fetuses created through perfectly consensual , unprotected sex . 
  and you need to throw an immense amount of money at education . 
  which do n't get me wrong , whoever wants increased education spending has my sympathy , but everyone knew nrw was in no position to do it . 
  probably the best analysis of the situation i 've read . 
  and not talking only about reddit . 
  and not only written in english . 
  and i do n't even agree with you politically , at all . 
  80 % of women there are raped or poor ? 
  oh look , another chart where we do well !, 
  from the economist the schulz effect rip triumph for angela merkel in germany 's most populous state for more than one party , this was a dry run for the general election in september early last month , martin schulz addressed a rally of his social democratic party ( spd ) at the zollverein , a coal mining complex in the ruhr valley in western germany . 
  to this pumped up crowd in the party 's industrial heartland he proclaimed that if the spd could win the state election here in north-rhine westphalia ( nrw ) , it would go on to win germany 's general election in september and he would replace angela merkel as chancellor . 
  all of which made things tricky for him this evening , as the spd 's disastrous performance at that election unfolded . 
  the latest projection has the party down 8 points to 31.1 % and mrs merkel 's christian democratic union ( cdu ) up 7.2 points to 33.6 % . 
  this was mr schulz 's home state . 
  he had spent weeks here on the campaign trail . 
  this , along with his ill-advised comment at the zollverein , meant he could hardly claim the result had no relevance to the national picture . 
  `` i 'm no magician '' , he admitted ashen-faced at the spd 's subdued election night party . 
  it was a grim moment for the former european parliament president and wannabe chancellor . 
  but how grim , precisely ? 
  to be sure , there were major local factors at play . 
  germany 's state governments are powerful ; responsible for everything from schools and motorways to crime and some welfare provision . 
  the government in nrw , the country 's most populous state at 18m , is more powerful than most . 
  its elections are much more than proxy polls on national politics . 
  for example it swung strongly to the spd in 2012 , a year before it resoundingly backed mrs merkel in the last federal election . 
  and the state has a poor record : the highest unemployment outsider the former-communist east , the most burglaries in germany , chronic traffic congestion , high indebtedness and sub-par educational performance . 
  it was here that the police failed to protect the hundreds of women sexually assaulted outside cologne cathedral on new year 's eve 2015 and that anis amri , the berlin truck attacker , slipped through gaps in the asylum system . 
  moreover the clich\u00e9 about nrw , that it is an spd stronghold , is not entirely fair on mr schulz . 
  it has been run by the party for 45 of the past 50 years , but experienced long periods of cdu rule before then . 
  the proletarian ruhr is not the whole state : small-town , protestant westphalia in its north and east ( encompassing comfortable towns like m\u00fcnster and hamm ) and the bourgeoisie of prosperous rhenish cities to the south ( d\u00fcsseldorf , cologne , bonn ) provide a solid cdu base . 
  this base is growing as heavy industry declines and the likes of biotech , logistics and telecoms take its place . 
  nonetheless the result was worse for the spd than most polls had predicted . 
  hannelore kraft , the prime minister of nrw and vice-chair of the spd , resigned within minutes . 
  it came as the spd 's national poll numbers were tanking and following two other state elections in which it did unexpectedly badly ; in saarland and , last sunday , in schleswig-holstein . 
  the latter was the first state election at which the cdu had gained power since mrs merkel became chancellor in 2005 . 
  nrw will now become the second . 
  the `` schulz effect '' , the surge in support that the spd enjoyed when mr schulz emerged as its chancellor candidate in january , is officially dead . 
  it is an ex-effect . 
  mose worrying of all for the spd is that the nrw campaign tested several of the precepts on which mr schulz 's national strategy is based . 
  the party tried ( to some internal disagreement ) to turn the vote there into a straightforward referendum on social justice , as it plans to in the federal election in september . 
  `` time for more fairness '' read posters ; `` nrwir '' ( nrwe ) was another slogan ; education and childcare dominated over other themes . 
  like nationally , its most eye-catching pledge was fee-free education from birth to university . 
  like nationally , it declined to rule out coalitions with the socialist die linke party ( until just three days ago , when it u-turned in a panic ) . 
  like nationally , mr schulz toured around giving rousing and well-executed speeches railing against fat cats , telling affecting anecdotes about the tough lot of the little man and promising to make welfare more generous . 
  if this was going to work anywhere , it would surely work in nrw , with its relatively high unemployment rate and large blue-collar electorate . 
  it did not . 
  the latest projection has the spd winning just 37 % of working-class votes . 
  meanwhile the cdu was testing its own national strategy . 
  armin laschet , its lead candidate who will now become the nrw prime minister , exuberantly decried the crime statistics and the state 's failings in the amri case . 
  angela merkel visited nrw eight times and joined in the chorus , laying into the spd over the cologne assaults in her final appearances on the campaign trail . 
  the party 's whole campaign was designed to draw a clear line between stability under the cdu and instability under the spd , with mrs merkel as the embodiment of that difference . 
  some centrist policies on public services here , some tough talk on law-and-order and identity there ; and , encompassing it all , the figure of a chancellor who after 12 years remains remarkably well-liked ( the latest projection also shows mrs merkel as more popular in nrw than mr schulz , mr laschet or ms kraft ) . 
  it worked in nrw .
