  back to my ravioli voodoo magic . 
  see ? 
  germany is the king of state inefficiency . 
  spain has a reputation for being the lazy inefficient one . 
  yet britain is beating us both on this one, 
  we ... we can do that too . 
  it 's amazing . 
  we are lucky if we get numbers on the screen :(, 
  leave or remain , i genuinely feel sorry if this referendum ends up polarizing your society even further . 
  bbc are supposed to keep people calm and inform them impartially . 
  it 's actually fun . 
  the last time we had interesting elections was in 2005 . 
  11 years with predictable results ( keep in mind that i live in bavaria ), 
  also by the ones who opted to stay home, 
  acc to this guy 's map , most of the south has not reported yet . 
  should i recook my ravioli ? 
  edit : apparently there 's no need yet, 
  ofc . 
  i promised that earlier . 
  for you , yes . 
  i was too busy laughing at ronaldo . 
  as a `` remainer '' , i am disappointed by the brits, 
  my ravioli, 
  this is better than hungary - portugal except you know , that was pure entertainment, 
  on penalties, 
  i left it at -144,000 to cook ravioli i get back and it 's +52000 london ? 
  74000-sth ahead for leave the fuck, 
  because they 'll keep the ball & not let any english player get it ? 
  sounds good . 
  they 're doing a good job , being calm and actually making breaks and providing just the right information, 
  bbc coverage is really good btw, 
  penalties it is then, 
  we 'll do our best . 
  i assumed the guy knew that . 
  is n't that the practice everywhere ? 
  if you have a gun on you , you did n't go to visit someone in middle of the night to give him a cupcake . 
  kids , when are london results expected to come up ? 
  is it worth it to stay up ? 
  exactly if 15 million brits want to stay outside the eu , we already have a big enough problem here, 
  if they ca n't get their ass out and walk for five minutes in the rain for what 's probably the most important referendum in their history , maybe they 're better off outside of eu, 
  leave is winning on votes remain on electoral units i know it 's a fucked up system , but that 's not our fault, 
   if it 's a 50/50 , does it go to penalties ? 
  if yes , will the germans take the penalties for remain ? 
  ofc . 
  i am a strong `` remainer '' , and i 've expressed that many times here , incl . 
  today, 
  all election nights are cool . 
  i 've lost many hours of sleep over bernie vs hillary , despite knowing fully well that hillary would win at the end, 
  i did n't say they should have been finished already but the % of votes counted is low, 
  no offense , but i thought we were the champions of european state inefficiency : you damn brits are taking forever to count votes, 
  i have yet to meet anyone who was hurt from a break-in . 
  if you 're in europe and you think you 're house is broken into , flush the toilet to let them know you 're home . 
  if you feel less safe in europe than in the us , that 's your problem . 
  i 'd rather not have you wandering around with a gun , thank you very much . 
  this mattinson girl remain or leave , you have put yourselves through a huge national stress in the past months, 
  ha , ha . 
  it 's a joke kids, 
  he said balkans, 
  oh fuck off , we wo n't punch our economy , and brexit is a huge slap to it, 
  they actually have to comply with most of the regulations . 
  brexit voters are so uninformed it hurts . 
  i read the first line dhe i thought `` the fuck has pl to do with this '', 
  wot ? 
  sek are badasses . 
  nah , after that . 
  before the emissions scand , we only had ukrainian and polish thugs trafficking minors and killing each-other over drugs . 
  no bulgarians . 
  if i was a muslim and i would be targeted by both the neo-nazis and islamist terrorists , i * really * would n't care . 
  of course . 
  why would we send our best guys to afghanistan or something . 
  one week . 
  thank god no one was hurt , but it was a shooting . 
  angsty teens stealing their dad 's not-safely-secured guns . 
  not angsty teen buying guns like it 's popcorn . 
  unconfirmed , none of ours are reporting anything so i guess it 's not true . 
  they are now reporting he did took hostages . 
  children . 
  someone start distributing flyers . 
  `` jesus coming back '' are you fucking kidding me . 
  the number of deaths by right-wing terrorism in germany ( if we call nsu killings terrorism ) is higher than the number of deaths by islamic terrorism ( 2 ) statistically speaking , you 're wrong . 
  that 's what those 1 million said, 
  someone insert the song . 
  i did say that cia is a better organization in my comment already . 
  yes , less people were captured and tortured without a trial by cia , and for better reasons , and with grounded suspicion instead of pure chance . 
  excuse me for five minutes while i thank god for this amazing improvement . 
  you built us from scratch for your own interest . 
  we already called the favors in . 
  participating in torture to make someone happy it 's not something i want my country to do . 
  ever . 
  when one says `` never again '' , it 's a `` never again '' ' not a `` it 's fine if we do n't do the torturing but just hand people over to the torturers '' it 's disgusting . 
  we do n't even have a policy for that , which is the worst part, 
  france already has a pretty high birth rate even for native women, 
  eastern europeans outside their countries pop out many kids . 
  is n't the polish-british birthrate 2,3 or sth ? 
  the article is brilliantly-written , but quite short . 
  one could write a book with all he 's tried to push . 
  he is not * supposed * to shout . 
  he has several legal competencies , and he should exercise those , and that is it . 
  and he 's been doing shit he 's not legally allowed to do for over a year . 
  because he should keep his mouth shut .
