  greece is not vw , it is not a german company . 
  that 's what makes the difference . 
  i know what a federal eu would mean - a burden for us . 
  i do not want that . 
  it 's fine to want that of you 'll benefit from it , not if you 'll pay for it . 
  if our economy goes down , v4 economy goes down , eu economy goes down . 
  if i was you , i 'd start praying for vw . 
  but of course , we can move the eu parliament to bratislava if that 's what you want . 
  no problem with that , at all . 
  they 'd be the happiest family in the world if they had n't spend the last centuries trying to kill each-other, 
  that 's amazing, 
  this is exactly what my dad likes to say about the presidential elections in the us `` so , all they have is a woman , two latinos , a german and a jew ? 
  and a kenyan in office ? 
  ca n't they find an american man to do the job ? '', 
  mind you , he has voted for our female chancellor . 
  three times . 
  most of the time, 
  you get benefits cut - not housing . 
  read it up, 
  ** central europe does n't care about someone 's pc , tumblr views . 
  they 're concentrated on finding the most efficient way to communicate something to someone that does n't speak the local language . 
  if it works , they wo n't care that you got offended . 
  ** ** central europe is smart . 
  be like central europe **, 
  please tell me your environment ministry has n't come up with that yet, 
  because slovenia = slovakia and austria = australia obviously . 
  you 're practically a liberal new zealand with great cars, 
  shitty phone checks out my flair :p does it appear now ? 
   and the american president angrily says . 
  `` just wait until we find you on the map ! '', 
  oh , you 're the ones above bulgaria right ? 
  16 year olds being married is not a problem , since it 's technically legal here too , if their parents allow it . 
  but 11 year olds with 50 ? 
  no , i 'll require money for the rent . 
  kielbasa is rent for my pot and pan . 
  well , i work here so i have to compete too no ? 
  i just find it stupid to complain about polish workers when we just added 1 million people to the welfare system in the last year, 
  i found french not so hard ( granted , up to a2 ) and i can communicate in paris - my french will be sufficient for me to sound very polite when i 'll ask someone to switch to english if i need directions . 
  skilled workers ? 
  let them come . 
  if a skilled pole wants to come and ** work ** here , he 's welcomed . 
  i have a couch to rent . 
  bathroom , internet , kitchen and a cupboard inclusive . 
  i even think i have a spare blanket and he can use my pot and pan , as long as i get to eat his kielbasa . 
  probably because they do n't feel like being part of the same nation ... . . no ? 
  yes , i have taken a basic accounting class . 
  i think the margin has gone up recently , so there is a trickle-down effect that rose wages , while keeping the margin rate still positive . 
  in the meanwhile , the highest raise has come in tourism-related businesses or different services that previously payed below the minimum wage . 
  so you 're implying they 've decided to lower their profitability levels ? 
  relief ? 
  people can just hop in a boat then in a bus and get asylum and you expect them to go through bribing the greek , albanian , kosovar , serbian and hungarian border police to do it ? 
  there are like five european countries where you wo n't get fined for not having an id on you . 
  please keep your misconceptions to yourself, 
  or germany can argue it 's subsidizing half of eu roads - taxpayers money involved . 
  or you can argue that if people in greece can buy an artificially cheap vw ( pun intended ) , they save money they can use to buy sth else or invest and let me remind you that it was someone 's else idea . 
  go hold france accountable for forcing a country into a weaker currency, 
  prices of german products in other european countries have n't changed, 
  syria , iraq , venezuela , burkina faso . 
  just no more paperwork , please :(, 
  if a country invests in one 's education ( check austrian tuition fees ) it makes sense to let him stay . 
  plus , uni is a great way of selecting people . 
  that person has been in the country for 3-5 years . 
  half of the time drunk , the other half working to keep himself afloat or going to school . 
  an immigration office can get info from the school , his landlord , his boss , etc. 
  if he has the slightest problem with the police , you 'll know . 
  they can find absolutely every info they need to determine whether the person should be allowed to stay or not . 
  every single info , down to his garbage bills , punctuality , political views on global warming . 
  if a person passes all these filters and you determine he will be a net worth to the economy and he speaks the language and knows the local culture , let him stay . 
  he 's not a burden until he finds a job , his parents are supporting him or he 's staying with a friend or sth . 
  it 's the single best way of `` controlled immigration '' . 
  learning english can help one in every single european country . 
  learning german would be a help in half of the continent . 
  i am not saying they should immerse themselves into the beautiful basque language , but english ? 
  my city was rebuilt by americans . 
  we get yelling teens from ` murica , but that 's about it . 
  no millions of illegal immigrants from texas . 
  paradise . 
  found a new reform to add to the efficiency austerity thing, 
  it 's fine guys , it 's fine , we 're used to it, 
  elaborate ? 
  i do n't speak a word of romanian, 
  as a non-french who can speak basic french & english : please do or i 'll have to start learning finnish or sth, 
  szcz ? 
  then why are all we in an american forum . 
  :( read = read , but read = !, 
  read . 
  as someone who had to learn the language through a teacher that did n't speak a word in the local language or english : fuck you , i worked hard for my french language a2 skills :(, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  there is no torture in albania . 
  well , i am not saying no one has ever tortured anyone else , but that 's every-fucking-where ( we all read `` girl with the dragon tattoo '' yadada ) . 
  it 's a perfectly safe , albeit very poor country . 
  so which part of being deported to albania would constitute a breach of human rights ? 
  yes , more criminal than the natives , i just compared them to the ee gangs qe had the honour of welcoming in the '90, 
  uhm , yes we do , thousands, 
  because they wanted jobs . 
  they did n't come because they liked the karneval imho , quite easy to become an `` american '' while keeping your culture , because the `` integrated lot '' have german , italian , irish , french , polish , etc etc etc ancestors . 
  good luck becoming a swabian if those around you have been in memmingen for seven generations . 
  i would n't to bothered about that , because it 's not all their fault . 
  feeling american is a much broader thing that feeling german . 
  if i go to istanbul , you can bet my future kids wo n't feel turkish either and it 's not like i 'd want them to feel turkish .
