  ... ... ... it was very horrific , but did n't it happen more than three weeks ago ? 
  i genuinely did n't find any of them nice ( did n't visit montenegro ) . 
  skopje was grey , grey , * grey * , some weird out-of-place statues and beggars everywhere, 
  the towers are all businesses though , not tourist-y . 
  frankfurt is not a touristic city , and thank god for that . 
  some parts of mecklenburg-vorpommern feel czech . 
  it 's very beautiful : the pine forests , the emptiness , the icy lakes , the wide fields ( also , the palace ) . 
  rural germany in general is very underrated from tourists , * and thank god for that * . 
  and also dresden . 
  outside of germany : my sister loved porto ( erasmus ) . 
  thessalonikki was much better than athens . 
  mate , you just found our electoral slogan someone call herrmann !, 
  i 's a true story , but it 's a girl, 
  frankfurt is the most boring place on earth , it 's not overrated if everyone bashes it . 
  very nice place to live in though . 
  heidelberg is a very nice place though . 
  personally i prefer it to mannheim . 
  it 's very , very expensive though, 
  it 's much , much better . 
  thessalonikki is lovable , athens was dirty and unkempt and * loud *, 
  but germany has so much to visit you 'd need a long time to go to all places , so why do they want to go to berlin ? 
  wealthy in nominal euros , yes . 
  if people ca n't afford to eat out once a month or if they wait for their trip to germany to cut their hair , because rent is expensive as hell and groceries are expensive as hell . 
  athens is pretty ugly once you leave the touristic things . 
  thessalonikki was much , much nicer, 
  correct . 
  they also target almost exclusively openly-drunk tourists , it 's not like i would go out of my way to avoid those if i was sober & had to go through them post-midnight . 
  the article is pretty good btw , i strongly recommend it, 
  because they 're clean & competent . 
  do n't feed the trolls . 
  berlin is cheaper than rome though , and rome is much more beautiful, 
  i was there , went clubbing , it was great, 
   uk see . 
  anyway , did n't know we were 4th, 
  i used to live in the munich when there was a debate about whether they should be allowed . 
  with the church blessing , the answer was no so all that is left is that ugly bmw tower . 
  you should start naming them in german . 
  oh , that guy . 
  what a lovable family . 
  it 's a very nice place . 
  it 's well-governed , plenty of jobs , calm , green , and the area around the train station is the safest it 's been in three decades . 
  oh and amazing , cheap , ethnic food everywhere . 
  ( drug prices have gone down due to lower demand too ) . 
  if you want to pick a german city to push your narrative , look to nrw , not hessen . 
  berlin is n't boring . 
  that 's the whole fucking problem with berlin . 
  be polite but do n't smile works every single time, 
  it was too messy honestly . 
  you could get easily get lost . 
  however , people are very helpful , you can buy stuff at low prices and the food is great . 
  backwards ? 
  their problems are mainly caused by being `` too-progressive '', 
  rome has more of a `` real city '' vibe than paris . 
  maybe it 's just the noise and pollution and garbage and horrible traffic , but once you get out of the touristy places , you hear only italian and you find plenty of affordable , local restaurants , and you run into football fans with their flags and old women having coffee . 
  berlin is nothing like paris - definitely not a giant tourist trap , but i just do n't like it because it feels so messy . 
  however , it 's definitely cool . 
  personally i love vienna . 
  it 's close , it 's nice , it 's lively , it 's safe , it 's touristy enough but you still can feel like you 're in a real city , unlike paris or barcelona . 
  however , even as someone who 's spent a good amount of weeks in frankfurt ( the most intl. 
  city of the country ) , it 's * impressive * how little german you hear in their streets . 
  i only visited it once , loved it, 
  nightlife is great if you do n't get mugged so do n't go through those 3-4 bad train stations . 
  but it 's such a mess of epic proportions that it 's simply not worth it at this point . 
  that city needs * some * governance . 
  i could n't relax in rome because of the horrible traffic, 
  did they just put me in the same cultural group as northern germany ? 
  the business wing of cdu presented a tax plan it was nice ( i would get around 18 % drop in tax paid , families get more ) but it probably wo n't happen de maiziere presented some security measures it was a big debate whether doctor-patient confidentiality should be compromised for terrorist cues ( consensus : no ) dreyer ( rp pm ) finally came to terms with the fact that talks with ditib have to be suspended bank robbery in frankfurt merkel back in office tmrw that 's it i think edit : oh , and we are shit at olympics . 
  personally i am stll too heartbroken by being kicked out of the euros to worry though . 
  no , i had to deal with finding apprentices in southern germany . 
  and my experience is exactly that . 
  if you know any candidates , please send them my way . 
  considering that i 've had to deal with this very issue for the past 18 months , i do n't really care if you say it 's `` utter bullshit '' . 
  shhhh , sleep , nothing to see here , nothing to see ... 
  yeah , no . 
  the reason why there is a lack of suitable apprentices is because kids of that age are too lazy to work , and those that actually want to sit down and work are all studying in unis . 
  and i wo n't even get started with the fact that the abi level has fallen miserably outside the south and the eastern states . 
  why should german companies move to greece ? 
  i quotes his full name, 
  our citizenship laws are pretty good , and i referred solely to citizenship laws , not to immigration . 
  correct . 
  no one refers to skincolor unless it 's a police report for a suspect when info is required . 
  otherwise , you never hear about skin color because then what makes the difference ? 
  there are plenty of syrians , afghans and turks that can pass for ethnic germans , and plenty of greeks and italians that might look like arabs . 
  and that the immigrants we have - syrians , afghans , turks , lebanese , greeks , italians , spaniards ... so where does on put the line ? 
  yes , effective guys . 
  he did n't have a problem with integration , the turkish cunts around him had a problem with him being integrated, 
  how is it racist if the man turns out to be a hans maier from rural switzerland ? 
  a replacement by ali david sonboly who spoke better german than me ? 
  oh , the famous swiss ethnicity . 
  his german was good , no accent whatsoever , he went to gymnasium . 
  i do n't know if he ever visited iran, 
  american website . 
  except he ( paul h. ) did not , which is why you should read more on the specific case . 
  the grafing guy was not an islamist attack , read more about the case before copy-pasting shit . 
  i mentioned killed people of islamic terrorism . 
  there are two american soldiers , which you also mention . 
  it was irony , i know how your state functions, 
  of course , i just clarified that he 's probably born here, 
  the famously-liberal swiss government . 
  islamist terrorists in germany have killed a grand total of 2 american soldiers in 2011 in our entire history .
