  this . 
  shit . 
  full elections again . 
  we wo n't find ourselves insanely rich suddenly because of more exports to the us . 
  macroeconomics do n't really work like that . 
  including certain parts of germany, 
  that 's exactly what i addressed when i said `` not spying on france '' , as the other guy commented on spying on german citizens . 
  and that 's why i said `` thanks , but no thanks '' . 
  america is a great partner , no doubt , but that 's where it ends . 
  they do not have my trust , or the trust of the majority of people . 
  not even merkel is * that * slow, 
  ahem , we might reluctantly * consent * to that . 
  remember that thread a couple of months ago where people were talking about how politicians blame the past or russia or whatever for the country 's problems , and like ten european flairs replied to each-other with `` we blame merkel too '' ? 
  it was the funniest moment in the history of r/europe . 
  yes , i know he was inspired by the bundesrat . 
  i commented on this issue a week ago here at r/europe . 
  any chance there will be two parties willing to sit down and listen to each other and form a government , if referendum is lost & renzi goes ? 
  shit , i did n't know about the `` renzi go home '' campaign . 
  i guess it was the wrong move by the guy . 
  yes , i agree with you . 
  a stable italy is what we need , esp . 
  when the rest of the continent decides to go nuts . 
  as someone from a country that may go from a political scene of undisputed party leaders in the last decades , to a post-merkel-cdu-mess in 2017 , i can feel you . 
  our side * sorry , work . 
  that 's her legally-defined job . 
  extremely close relations ? 
  sure . 
  having a `` special relationship '' beyond that of us-uk ? 
  thank you , but no thank you . 
  a strong eu is a prerequisite for a stable and developed europe , it needs leadership , and if we want to lead the eu , we need france by usr side . 
  not spying on france for the sake of atlanticist cooperation . 
  we & the us are bonded by trade & immigration & peace aspirations ... and that 's about it . 
  at the end of the day , people tend to forget that we are actually a * central european * country , not france , not uk , not spain . 
  you are implying that a `` protest vote '' against an evil woman whose stance on trade is old-school protectionism ( while being in a trade union ) , blamed cap for food crisis , is against nuclear energy ( ha !, 
  ) , wants to leave the euro and then devalue the new currency * in order to raise pp * ( do n't ask me how that 's supposed to make sense ) , wants to leave nato , does n't consider the us a partner , wants to withdraw from the schengen , wants to ban naturalization , wants to ban minarets , is pro capital punishment , has said she admires putin in at least three separate occasions , wants a strong relationship with russia , as well as wants belgium to separate into separate entities one of which should become part of france , is morally wrong . 
  and then you add this `` cat is black '' stupidity and call it a day . 
  maybe , just maybe , the french people care about their country 's history and character and do n't want this person to lead the country ? 
  a question from a half-ignorant : why ca n't they use the usual liquidity measures ? 
  or , why ca n't they do what spain did & create an institution specialized in bad loans that can buy npl - basically funding atlante better ? 
  additionally , do you think renzi will manage to push through laws that speed up npl procedures ? 
  and was n't draghi their bank governor before and during the crisis ? 
  like ... he should talk about this , esp . 
  if he 'll want to get the ecb involved . 
  please explain how the two are connected ? 
  losing the constitutional referendum means renzi resigns right ? 
  and are there polls telling how the referendum can turn out ? 
  eh , i would also stop purchasing items from uk if you do n't trigger article 50 ... oh wait , what am i supposed to stop purchasing ? 
  yes ... and migration is counted under population expansion , and us population expansion for 2015  german population expension for 2015 , including asylum seekers . 
  that is why i provided three arguments to show the reasons why that happened * despite * the refugee waves . 
  the other guy was talking about the eu . 
  3 deaths in 3 years ? 
  in munich ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i could be wrong ... but i * really * do n't think that 's the case . 
  we usually get around 3 officers annually killed on duty on a federal level . 
  she 's quoting a law , not talking about an independent position . 
  sooooo uk will go back to horses and carriages ? 
  beautiful . 
  step one of reclaiming a middle ages empire . 
  there was a minute of applause today , for this exact event . 
  calm down people . 
  and yes , a minute of applause is better than a minute of silence because you do n't get the usual idiots who ruin the whole thing . 
  a minute of applause * which is better, 
  and podolski , and gomez ... 
  as the great movie with the american actress-travel-guide says : `` and then they discovered sleep '', 
  have you ever seen a thread about kosovo ? 
  oh yes , turkish ultras , the harvard-educated diplomats . 
  calm down . 
  juncker is a conservative , as in being a member of a conservative party . 
  exactly . 
  if they do n't want our cars , we sell them elsewhere , and they have to use horses . 
  you talked about population expansion , not net migration . 
  germany has a birth rate 0,34 lower than the us . 
  additionally , we saw less immigrants from spain & similar countries compared to previous years due to a better economic outlook , as well as increasing numbers of returnees from cee because of , again , an improving economic situation in these countries . 
  no , it did not . 
  it expanded less than the american population . 
  the local administration is disastrous . 
  i was n't commenting on the federal government . 
  you have to compare berlin to say , mayor of london or whoever is in charge there . 
  higher growth than both the us & uk in the 1st quarter of 2016 . 
  rents are cheap ... the problem is finding an apartment . 
  i see . 
  i hope people calm the f down . 
  ljubljana felt like bavaria . 
  the fuck , slovenia . 
  it 's slovenia . 
  this is probably the first attack on a police officer in years . 
  disastrous administration , train delays being a common occurence , increasing inequality , and quite unsafe for german standards . 
  and from all german cities , you picked berlin ? 
  another disaster ? 
  trying to curb back immigration from punjab by closing the door to poles . 
  so original and creative . 
  the economist had a very good , non-partisan coverage of the crisis . 
  and an objective analysis based on facts would conclude that the euro wo n't explode . 
  technically , we did not . 
  forced labour for prisoners is still legal on paper . 
  tl ; dr thank god we 'll never end up in such a stupid position, 
  by going outside its own borders ? 
  creative bunch . 
  yes , nuke the entire middle east .
