  `` ca n't have boateng for neighbor '' and the investment banker lesbian . 
  what a couple . 
  afd is truly special . 
  meuthen 's speech got standing ovation . 
  frauke 's proposals were shot down . 
  afd is on its way to full implosion . 
  stay tuned . 
  and long shares in popcorn companies . 
  the old le pen was both a worse candidate , and a more stupid man . 
   nicolas dupont-aignan who 's this guy ? 
  they 're well in single digits and if the party conference implosion carries on , it 's a gooood chance they end up not being in parliament . 
  6/6 past pms and 3/3 other candidates just did . 
  everyone knew she 'll get the second round since last 2013 . 
  the fact that she 'll probably be second in this round is a huge surprise and only due to macron . 
  but he 's not the most pro-eu person in france as he 's in germany . 
  unless . . 
  mind you , i 'm gon na campaign for merkel , 
  if he 's pro-eu , wants to make france more competitive , is pro-sanctions , has governing experience , and is socially liberal , he 's already overqualified . 
  he could be from the party of frogs for all i care . 
  september for us . 
  they already supported macron . 
  schalke was the only team to go out with dignity from the horrific week of german football , but hey , it 's still schalke . 
  would do a better job, 
   this turns french election into a contest between two rival world views : closed eurosceptic nationalism v open european liberalism macron , eyes on you !, 
  if these projections are confirmed , french polls of the past week are like 0,1 % off . . a huge bow to them . 
  exit polls can be 4 % off . 
  the average error of the past 2 decades in france is 3 % . 
  being slightly above average would n't be that surprising . 
  that being said , macron !, 
  let 's revolt by electing the most pro-eu person in the entire france !, 
  definitely bigger than the 0,5 % between macron & le pen . 
  they 're not official results , just projections . 
  all are still within statistical error . 
  overdrinking caused by these stupid elections will definitely lead to a lot of health problems later . 
  france 2 : macron 23 % . 
  le pen 21 % , fillon and m\u00e9lenchon 19.5 %, 
  god with france, 
  i 'm hitting refresh on my twitter like crazy, 
  yeap it 's also pretty cool , but the one with france is just * cute *, 
  he 's trolling the hillary people who tried to guilt women into voting for her ( instead of , you know , a fucking sexual assaulter ), 
  it has nothing to do with gender . 
  this is one of my favorite polandballs . 
  so damn cute . 
  the dream outcome : emmanuel macron if mainstream political berlin had a dream outcome , it would be a president macron with workable majority ( of various parties , realistically ) following the french legislative elections in june . 
  like mr fillon , he wants to reform france 's economy , to german approval . 
  unlike mr fillon , he is not dogged by corruption scandals , has praised mrs merkel 's refugee policy and agrees with her on russia . 
  he wants a `` new deal '' with berlin parlaying french security assets and a credible plan for economic reform into a new german approach to deficits and burden-sharing within the euro zone , buying his government space for said reform . 
  mr macron 's contacts with the german establishment are impeccable . 
  he has visited berlin twice this year , unlike any of his rivals . 
  `` it was well briefed , he knows germany very well '' says one senior german figure of his speech in january . 
  an event in march with sigmar gabriel , the foreign minister and an old friend , and the philosopher j\u00fcrgen habermas was less a debate than a love-in . 
  the jacques delors institute , the think-tank that helped organise it , is a particularly influential channel between mr macron and mr gabriel 's spd . 
  it will become an important franco-german lynchpin if he becomes president . 
  but much of the cdu has is similarly keen . 
  mr sch\u00e4uble has endorsed mr macron . 
  mrs merkel can not go that far , but granted him an audience on his march visit , despite furious entreaties from mr fillon . 
  restrained by diplomatic protocol from holding a press conference with him , she left the curtains of the room where they met open and thus allowed photographers to snap the encounter and record her approval . 
  the two do not agree on everything . 
  mr macron wants a euro zone budget , parliament and finance minister ; which are unpopular here and have already set the hawkish finance ministry in berlin against him . 
  he has ( rightly ) called germany 's vast trade surplus unsustainable -- albeit in the context of an election in which he needed to rebut accusations of slavishness towards mrs merkel . 
  his talk of a grand new deal unsettles some german officials , who tend prefer muddling through . 
  but that is not to say that the new deal he described on his march visit it totally unrealistic . 
  focusing on investment , borders and defence , it balances things france needs with things germany needs ; this approach enjoys some support in berlin , particularly in the foreign office . 
  in mr gabriel -- who in his new job is trying to reset german attitudes about europe and build a less ordoliberal foreign policy -- and martin schulz , the spd chancellor candidate , he has fellow travellers . 
  and in mr macron , the likes of mr gabriel have a savvy ally in paris who gets that to buy fiscal breathing room , france must appear credible to germany . 
  hence the presidential candidate 's visits , his talk of `` winning germans ' trust '' , his determination to show berlin that paris is capable of real discipline under his leadership . 
  so one big quandary confronts germany if mr macron wins and obtains a workable legislative majority : how far to go in any such `` new deal '' ? 
  it is a problem that berlin would love to have . 
  in may 2012 a freshly elected fran\u00e7ois hollande took off for germany on his first foreign visit as president , determined to forge a close alliance with angela merkel . 
  his plane was hit by lightning and had to turn back to paris . 
  maybe it was an omen . 
  mr hollande never achieved the reboot he had sought ; a function of crises in both countries , poor chemistry between the two leaders and the growing gap between struggling france and the booming economy across the rhine . 
  paris sees berlin as patronising and uncollegiate . 
  berlin sees paris as dysfunctional and unreliable . 
  the two have been through shocks -- the refugee crisis in germany and the terror attacks in france -- that prompted `` no strong bond of cooperation between the two countries , despite the potential to set an example to the rest of the eu '' , write josef janning and manuel lafont rapnouil of the european council on foreign relations . 
  latest updates what france 's election means for germany kaffeeklatsch 3 hours ago what are marine le pen 's odds of victory ? 
  graphic detail a day ago the tragedy of len mccluskey 's re-election as head of unite bagehot 's notebook a day ago makeover for mobile phones science and technology 2 days ago political polarisation has grown most among the old democracy in america 2 days ago how `` the plague '' infects the modern political mood prospero 2 days ago see all updates yet the two are irredeemably interdependent . 
  berlin needs paris to help keep the euro zone together , deal with the root causes of the refugee crisis in the middle east and africa ( mrs merkel is increasingly taking an interest in the latter ) and make europe more self-sufficient in defence . 
  there is even talk of germany `` buying into '' france 's nuclear deterrent if donald trump backs away from nato . 
  meanwhile paris needs germany to relax its stance on deficits , start consuming more and , ideally , move towards further euro zone integration . 
  today france is at the polls and , for berlin , the spread of possible winners ranges from the cataclysmic to the idyllic . 
  it is no exaggeration to say that the result affects germany 's place in europe more than its own , less dramatic upcoming election , where as thorsten benner of the berlin-based global public policy institute puts it : `` 80 % of people will vote for shades of emmanuel macron '' [ that is , for mainstream , keenly pro-european parties ] . 
  so here , in ascending order of desirability in berlin , is what france 's four main presidential candidates would mean for germany . 
  the nightmare scenario : marine le pen it is hard to overstate how confident german officials are that the eurosceptic , far-right marine le pen will lose the election . 
  that the liberal mr macron or the centre-right fran\u00e7ois fillon will succeed mr hollande is , to them , not just a likelihood but a fact . 
  there is no file sitting in a locked draw somewhere in the ausw\u00e4rtiges amt with contingency plans for a le pen win . 
  which , however likely you deem that outcome , belies the disastrous effect that would have on germany : economic turmoil , possible currency collapse , a new eu crisis , a weakened russia policy , less power but more responsibility in europe . 
  so if mrs le pen reaches the second round today then wins it on may 7th , the initial reaction in berlin will be speechlessness . 
  but then mrs merkel and her ministers will have to react : `` the euro can survive '' insisted wolfgang sch\u00e4uble in washington early this week in a foretaste of the dogged commitments to the currency 's survival that will spill forth if mrs le pen takes the elys\u00e9e . 
  then , officials say , they would listen carefully . 
  the front national candidate 's comments on france 's euro zone and eu membership have been inconsistent and unclear , though she has pledged to call a referendum on leaving the single currency . 
  berlin will want to hear how she plans to proceed before formulating a strategy . 
  that would prompt a debate in mrs merkel 's inner circle , which encompasses both foreign-policy idealists ( who would lean towards isolating a president le pen ) and foreign-policy realists ( who might lean towards wooing her ) . 
  the resulting `` extreme crisis management '' , as mr benner puts it , would have three planks . 
  first , to engage with mrs le pen , despite her emphatic hostility towards germany ( she has accused it of treating other countries like naughty children , claims mrs merkel has exposed europe to turkish blackmail and regularly attacks her refugee policies ) . 
  second , germany would seek to build a ring of allies encircling mrs le pen 's france ; working particularly with the benelux and scandinavian countries , but also italy and spain , whose significance as german allies would grow . 
  third , in the long term it would quietly support the anti-le pen majority in the french legislature . 
  to emphasise : this would be damage limitation . 
  a le pen win would be perhaps the biggest diplomatic crisis for germany since reunification . 
  the other nightmare scenario : jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon most of the above applies if the far-left , anti-eu jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon wins , with a couple of differences .
