   the new prognosis has changed the results quite drastically . 
  the smallest coalition consists of 3 parties . 
  cda has gained 6 seats with respect to the last exit polls . 
  vvd remains fairly stable . 
  good , good . 
  i would n't consider denk to be pro-islamic tho, 
  and our bw state minister is a total sweetheart , and a green . 
  denk receives 7,5 % of the votes in amsterdam, 
  i said `` new '' , not the exit polls, 
  where 's that national projection ? 
  on sundays ? 
  it 's austria , they have more restricted rules than us about sundays , and i live in bavaria . 
  i think it also depends on the region . 
  i 'm from the south , and while i can understand titles and shit , i ca n't put two words together in dutch . 
  i have friends from the nl that can small-talk to me in standard german , but would n't understand me if i spoke in dialect . 
  but they have to have an id in the nl anyway so . . 
  because trump supporters would never come to terms with schulz being more pro-immigration than merkel . 
  trump 's fucking advisor apparently called her a `` typical liberal woman '' . 
   `` let 's keep it steady with rutte in this stormy populist sea ; let 's give a middle finger to wilders and the labour party , and then elect a shit-ton of greens into the parliament . '', 
  or else :  `` let 's keep it steady with merkel in this stormy populist sea ; let 's give a middle finger to afd and die linke , and then elect a shit-ton of conservative greens into the parliament . '', 
   not bad . 
  82 % turnout is also beautiful to behold . 
  true . 
  for us too . 
  as someone who lives in middle of fucking bavaria : do n't put sunday shopping ahead of major issues . 
  wtf does cannabis policy have to do with immigration ? 
  but you are our little babies . 
  i think it 's easier for them to understand us , than it 's for us to understand them . 
  i have seven german politicians on twitter who have tweeted in dutch in the last hour . 
  we 're proud of you , our little babies . 
  now , france . 
  i have seven german politicians on twitter who have tweeted in dutch in the last hour . 
  `` we want less moroccans !! '', 
  exactly . 
  you guys have a bigger gdp than bavaria . 
  fuck this shit , i 'm definitely not letting you take the crown . 
   germany we ok . we 're just trying to keep afd on single digits , but a schulz chancellorship would n't be a disaster . 
  now , france . 
  fuck , i think insa still puts afd at 13 % . 
  fucking nl outsmarting us . 
  france first dude . 
  as for us , we might accidentally elect schulz , but the rest of the world wo n't suffer from it . 
  afd looks to be heading to single digits . 
  after trump and boris , i reaaaally do n't think crazy hairstyles scare people . 
  nl , you is badass . 
  and ofc , happy for rutte too , 
  sounds exactly like the amount of forethought for brexit : alcohol . 
  i just meant the `` nazi '' comments, 
  you sexy cuties . 
  finally some good news . 
  dude , if your government fucks up your country , bomb them if you 're so pro-violence . 
  but leave our sch\u00e4uble alone , he already survived an attack . 
  could n't they do dynamo dresden or sth ? 
  it would at least be believable . 
  9 months ? 
  they could have a baby by this point . 
  she 's like their most competent politician, 
  i meant the `` remainer '' government should have prepared the country for the possibility of a brexit, 
  `` show his hand ? '', 
  this is n't fucking poker . 
  33 % until 14pm on a workday is fucking fantastic . 
  ~ ~ they ~ ~ we all stronk !, 
  so they decided to fuck over the country out of spite . 
   well , how could they be prepared when everyone who pushed for the brexit left the boat as soon as they won ? 
  my point was , why did n't remainers prepare for the possibility ? 
  and make no joke , it 's been like 9 months since the referendum , they could have had a fucking baby named `` brexit deal '' by now . 
  well , at least * we * were prepared for a potential grexit . 
  how the fuck can a country be so fucking unprepared about * anything * ? 
  but vat is not applied to exports anywhere in the world , it would be completely against the very principles on which vat is built . 
  but i like rutte :(, 
  i 'll have to repeat what i wrote here two months ago : the g20 can prove to be a massive boost for merkel if she plays her charm and gets trump to sign on a paper with `` trade is good '' written in it . 
  hitler was such a moderate . 
  he did n't try to kill the entire continent , only those he hated . 
  if i was a turk in turkey whose brother in germany was n't allowed to vote because germany wanted to influence our referendum , i 'd vote `` yes '' . 
  or think about this : below , you say postal services refusing to work and forgetting to deliver . 
  what if in september an `` accidental '' fire burns all votes in saxony . 
  it would definitely lower afd votes and keep it in single digits . 
  why should n't we do it ? 
  i know , i trust you . 
  still , do n't embarrass us . 
  i want pvv as low as possible . 
  eyes on you , netherlands . 
  do n't embarrass us !, 
  flash news : we already did that , yay . 
  i am sure merkel knows the greek budget better than the german one . 
  i 'm campaigning against schulz in summer , but i 'm definitely picking him over macron . 
  was n't that us like three days ago ? 
  well , her responsibility is towards germany and we 're very happy with her , an approval rate of 60 % after 11 years in power is not that bad . 
  yes , because germany is reaaaaally suffering under her watch . 
   50 % +1 of the parliament . 
  on current polls , 48 % of votes means 50,5 % of parliament seats . 
   martin schulz would be more friendlier to russia , than merkel , because he is from social-democratic party . 
  being friendlier towards russia than merkel * reaaaally * does n't say much . 
  it 's very hard to find someone who would keep up like she has done . 
   russia , military expansion , nato commitments , refugee treatment and deportations . 
  and i do n't think he has a stable , distinctive position in any of those . 
  someone help me if i 'm wrong . 
  because them winning their elections is far more important for the spd than being buddies with putin . 
   this whole thing is bizarre and seemingly came out of nowhere . 
  tl ; dr he 's scared as fuck of losing the referendum .
