  and we told you not to do it . 
  but noooo , stupid poles did n't want to be ruled by the same people who had tried to exterminate you and chose communism . 
  we 'd be so good right now if that had n't happened . 
  bmw would be located in krakow and inglot would be here ( do n't blame me , i just found an inglot powder in my backpack ) . 
  everyone there votes for every party out of protest . 
  it 's not even their xenophobic stuff that scare me the most - it 's their social views . 
  i said * from my experience * . 
  or maybe the smart ones that vote for die linke are also smart enough not to declare that and change the subject , who knows . 
  i do n't think that might happen . 
  who are the intelligent guys in rp anyway ? 
  remember , the cdu branch there was divided in fifteen factions and seventy-seven mini-groups until a few years ago . 
  first thing , the man has character . 
  second thing , he has done his job pretty well . 
  third thing , he is not a green lunatic - he 's quite conservative . 
  fourth , he 's cooperative , not a yelling , dumb guy . 
  i do n't think cdu is that stupid . 
  i might be wrong . 
  i was in stuttgart during the day with friends , i saw women on high heels with their children tagged along going out to vote . 
  i was like wtf . 
  you have definitely not read die linke program . 
  on the other hand , if they enter the government , they 'll do so much stupid shit no one will ever vote for them again . 
   but good lord does the rest of the spd in rhineland-palatinate suck . 
  really ? 
  examples ? 
  articles ? 
  i do n't know much about it and the only people i know are my uncle and his wife who probably did n't know there were elections today . 
  from my own experience , people who vote die linke are usually idiots . 
  from my own experience , people who vote afd are also idiots . 
  it 's not a surprise they switched . 
  their ideological part has some weird ideas about the economy . 
  shhhhhhht !, 
  but , but , now we love them ... :(, 
  r/worldnews is sickening for god 's sake , one of the victims was a 17 year old guy that had taken his uni entrance exam this morning . 
  he and his family were probably so relieved , he was probably going out to meet his girlfriend and celebrate . 
  34 people - statistically speaking , probably all of them were nice people with family , friends and dreams . 
  how in hell can someone across the ocean ( or in europe ) celebrate their deaths simply because they do n't like erdogan ? 
  i have a turkish colleague who has family in both ankara and istanbul , i am sick of calling him and asking him if everyone he knows is fine . 
  third time in two months i have to do that , it 's like having a syrian friend or something . 
  and i ca n't imagine how hard it is for him and for tens of millions of people in istanbul , ankara , izmir and other modern turkish cities , who go to school and to work and to meet their friends and once in a while , they hear about an explosion within walking distance away from their home , in a place they 've probably taken a bus in the last week . 
  just fucking stay in peace and do n't attack innocent civilians , why is this so hard ? 
  i do n't think groups of kosovars ever bombed civilians in belgrade , no ? 
  once upon a time , when progressivism meant something relevant , poland was actually the shining light of liberalism , multiculturalism and peace . 
  it 's also a nation that prides in its rich and turbulent history so i am not surprised by this `` banter '' : to them , americans are a * nouveau nation * of recent , modern times . 
  while this guy is an idiot , his banter is very correct and accurate . 
  they can lecture us all , and they can especially lecture the us all they want because their history is richer , more beatiful and more heroic than the american history . 
  anti-merkel-stance-on-refugees . 
  kl\u00f6ckner actually spent the last three weeks talking about how she idolizes merkel . 
  she should have never done that . 
  she could easily keep herself occupied , present a couple of plans about the refugee thing then focus on other stuff . 
  but no , she banked on that issue to win the state , against , i repeat , fucking dreyer . 
  and then she spend the last month paying lip service to merkel , because her own party members started to rebel . 
  she messed up * biiiig * time . 
  any updates ? 
  edit : ow shit . 
  had the cdu * ever * formed a coalition with die linke ? 
   i could see cdu spd fdp forming a coalition but , but ... 
  afd - more anti-refugee feelings there . 
  die linke actually lost a lot of ground there , so they technically did pretty badly . 
  green & spd are pro-refugees . 
  both cdu candidates who lost were anti-merkel . 
  was in bw until now , just came home _________________________________________ tbh , kretschmann & dreyer are , hands down , the best heads of states in germany . 
  but it 's still a shock for kl\u00f6ckner - how in hell did she lose that lead again ? 
  i know the basics . 
  twenty or thirty words . 
  our earth and the space . 
  for a second i thought you 'd say ecb , because according to r/europe in the last week , it 's an institution whose main objective should be income inequality . 
  and its name is ... ... 
  how will poland maintain its impressive growth if our economy enters a crisis ? 
  how does that mathematically happen ? 
  i 've read that article twice . 
  i agree with a couple of things , but most of the content is a big bag of shit that a high-school-student would be able to recognize, 
  greeks were the ones who blowed billions on the olympics and the most luxurious pension system of the continent , despite producing olives and uhm ... olive oil and ... sth else i guess . 
  they tried to produce car parts , but their own government destroyed it . 
  allow states to spend what money ? 
  mine ? 
  how will their economies ' growth be sustainable if they do n't fix their problems ? 
  ... you should read up on what keynesian means, 
  in the last decade but most of the time , they are funny, 
  not really . 
  if there are so many bulgarians and romanians and slovaks and poles and hungarians in my little town , you can be sure some will go to the uk too . 
  and many of these guys came in 2014 or 2015 . 
  then you 'll get turks from berlin to make you kebab , i guess, 
  it 's elite is caught in organized crime though , it 's not sth you have to learn from spiegel, 
  yeap , and my macedonian friend says he 's an idiot and the pm 's puppet, 
  if she is not on benefits , how is she draining resources ? 
  but yes , i agree , it 's stupid to base your hopes on the local work agency , lol . 
  go and find a job , period . 
  if thousands of spaniards in my city could find a job without government services , so can she . 
  no , i thought you were blaming your gun laws on germany , that 's why i replied . 
  my bad . 
  our drunkies are fine . 
  thanks for asking . 
  draining and then paying ? 
  what an interesting choice of words . 
  what does germany have to do with your gun laws and your drunkies killing each-other ? 
  because inflation will hurt you if your income stays stagnant , and you can be sure it will . 
  personally , i do save in a monthly basis : if prices raise , i just lower my savings ratio . 
  but those who are on pensions or on hartz iv do n't get a raise . 
  minimum wage does n't get a raise . 
  they 're not saving - they 're spending whatever they get so what a high ( over 2-3 % ) inflation will do is hurt them , lower our national consumption , lower imports & raose exports , raise our trade surplus and we 're back to square one , after a good year of high consumption and minimal surplus to eu countries .
