  a g8 leader should n't have time to be furious about a fucking leak , especially not one when she is portrayed as stupid due to her own fault . 
   ( e.g. 
  cameron stepping down , waves of racism , trump & putin , brexit shitshow before and during formal talks . . ) you forgot the government refusing to do their homework . 
  strong and stable lads . 
  strong and stable . 
  we share her already , but greece is tiny, 
  back . 
  off . 
  french friends saying macron killed it . 
  hopefully yes :d, 
   ( or i should rather thank seehofer for that ) correct . 
  we have a big surplus on a state level so * insert oprah meme about `` everyone gets a raise *, 
  that 's strong and stable leadership . 
  may , take note . 
  a girl was kidnapped by five refugees and raped . 
  lavror talked about it . 
  turned out the girl has a german-born boyfriend with hom she had perfectly consensual sex . 
  the horror . 
  that 's more drama than we 've had in the last four elections put together . 
  it 's crazy how despite all the craziness of the campaign , the polls havent moved at all . 
  i 've seen from 62/38 to 59/41 . 
  that 's all . 
   reciprocal residency rights are on the table which ones ? 
  will eu citizens be treated on the same terms as british citizens in the workplace ? 
  will british citizens be treated on the same terms as eu citizens in eu countries ? 
  what happens to welfare , pensions , self-employment , healthcare , school , universities , housing help ? 
  there 's a scottish guy working with a friend , will he have to apply for a residence permit ? 
  will the firm have to prove they could n't find an eu national for the position before hiring him ? 
  if he does a phd , does he get eu funding ? 
  who pays the bill for his health insurance ? 
  how does he get his pension if he decides to go back to the uk ? 
  if he gets to stay , what if his girlfriend from london wants to move to germany later ? 
  or if he decides to have a baby and the baby goes back to london , does he get kindergeld ? 
  if he goes back to the uk because his firm goes bust , will he get unemployment insurance ? 
  what if he stays in germany and does n't get a job for a year , does he qualify for hartz iv ? 
  what happens to someone who moves to the uk post-referendum , pre-article-50 ? 
  what about those who moved post-article-50 ? 
  well , the chancellor did n't call it a holocaust . 
  she just asked putin to work on it . 
  no , of course not . 
  but we ca n't have our chancellor go to russia and not tell putin that - torturing gays is wrong and he should do sth against that - `` lisa '' case or the thing in latvia as `` fake news '' . . russia 's responsible for that - ngos are extremely important for democracy some things have to be said , and said to the face , and only as a matter of principle . 
   not to be taken seriously , just a call back to an off-the-cuff joke she made months ago . 
  my bad then . 
  for a joke , it 's pretty funny actually . 
  a bit of `` fuck off '' , a bit self-depreciating . 
   surely you are n't referring to those dinner leaks ? 
  yes i am . 
  and the idea that it 's up to the interior minister to define who 's german and who 's not based on their preference for bach and their enthusiasm for church days is also from two centuries ago . 
  what a stupid break with merkel 's simple , principled , conservative , non-pretensious `` wir alle sind das volk '' remark . 
  as long as the jha detail is true ( and all signs point to it being true : namely , prominent journalists mentioning it earlier as a potential argument by may ) and as long as `` eu citizens settled by june '' is true ( same argument ) , i 'd say she is `` utterly , embarrassingly unprepared '' . 
  but feel free to call that bias . 
  oh , is n't she cute ? 
  first thing , saying you 'll be `` bloody difficult '' reminds me of those `` if you ca n't handle me at my worst , you do n't deserve me at my best '' instagram captions second thing , two days after the most reliable newspaper in continental europe exposed you as being utterly , embarrassingly unprepared for the brexit process is ** not ** the right time to flaunt it . 
  third thing , when you 're representing 60 millions people and a 51 % majority and a divided party , and the other 450 millions ' representatives from 27 different countries are shouting `` we 'll be one front '' , you do n't win much by acting in no goodwill . 
  i would n't think that after 12 years in power , many years as a csu sympathizer/voter , a huge refugee crisis , and a bunch of elections in other countries , i 'd be , for the first time , genuinely happy for having merkel in power . 
  our expectations of immigrants should not be liking bach . 
  and again , culture is a local thing . 
  rural bavaria differs so much from hamburg or berlin or k\u00f6ln . 
  now , i understand the basis of the `` leitkultur '' concept and how it transcends the differences between those two , but that does n't mean the fucking minister of interior should put up this list of things that , again , gets dangerously close to `` buy fridge with cash or else you no german '', 
  the problem is when you give yourself a rash just to make the pretty girl like you , then the doctor should n't bother to look for processes but hit you with a chair . 
  de maiziere was for double citizenship last december and now he decides to print sth that smells bad . 
  at least the spahn crowd are consistent , but this paper is blatant populism . 
  i 'm personally a fan of the leitkultur concept - i just think it 's terribly inappropriate for the interior minister who flips his positions in this issue every couple of months to produce an incoherent piece of paper that does n't touch on what 's important but on bach and the burka and whatever . 
  focus on gender equality , not on the burka . . but yeah , good luck getting csu on board with that so let 's bash the burka , no one 's gon na defend it anyway . 
  focus on education quality and how immigrant kids are integrated on our school system , not on how much people like bach or goethe . . but yeah , then you have to navigate a very complex federal system so nvm . 
  no one hates bach anyway . 
  and someone tell our minister that this is a secular country . 
  i understand the logic behind , say , sunday shopping , but who the fuck told him to mention churches in that paper . 
  it was very non-inclusive . 
  how about referring to the important that religion has to community ties instead of saying `` the church decides our rhythms '' ? 
  references to quality as value , wide consensus as sth that differs us from the others , being part of the west , even to direct patriotism , are perfectly acceptable and welcomed . 
  but the move itself is really stupid . 
  i 'd say it 's been an acceptable word for some time now . 
  i see no problem with the concept . 
  the paper on the other hand , is hilarious . 
  then start a proper debate . 
  not ask the intern to put together 10 things . 
  he was dangerously close to mentioning beer at 9am and using cash to buy a fridge . 
  we should have merkel speak in russian & putin speak in german . 
  we ca n't find people in munich either . 
  distasteful , yes . 
  i also said that juncker 's leak was distasteful . 
  that does n't change the fact that as long as there 're no outright lies on three key details ( jha opt-outs , enforceability of the bill , june deal on eu citizens ) , it does paint may as being very unprepared . 
  i doubt juncker is this ignorant of what lies ahead . 
  but this is beyond `` lack of super-specialized staff '' . 
  this is on the level of things may would be able to learn from newspaper . 
  i mean , we can get merkel to explain some things via phone . 
  she 's getting used to it by now with trump . 
  or altmaier since his english is better . 
  they 're so unprepared it 's somewhat funny . 
  on top of that , they were obviously unprepared for a potential leak , or they would n't have made themselves sound like complete idiots . 
  i genuinely can not think of an eu leak that made a head of government look this stupid in a very long time . 
  the last time that angela merkel and vladimir putin met , barack obama was still in the white house . 
  now the german chancellor and russian president are to take up their difficult relationship in the era of donald trump . 
  ms merkel 's first visit to russia to see mr putin in russia in two years this week offers only slim hopes of easing the tensions between berlin and moscow . 
  the two leaders , who will meet on tuesday , have deep differences over issues ranging from the syrian war and violence in ukraine to allegations of kremlin-backed political interference in western europe . 
  but both appear keen to renew their longstanding personal contacts , and perhaps to explore how much the election of mr trump might change the global political balance . 
  both capitals have played down any suggestion that there could be a breakthrough in the ukraine conflict , which has brought ties to their worst level since the end of the cold war . 
  gernot erler , the german government 's special envoy for russia , said : `` i can not be very optimistic about progress . 
  mr putin will be very confident about his position and the chancellor will also stick to hers . '' european diplomats have mooted a new meeting of the normandy format , in which the leaders of russia , ukraine , france and germany , have tried to stabilise eastern ukraine , most recently at a fraught meeting in berlin in october .
