  i sincerely apologize to the frenchies here that may be offended by this , and again , i am not blaming terror attacks on verbal racism by the french people , but from my limited experience , we tend to be slightly less xenophobic regarding immigrants in general . 
  i am the first to admit than if i get two similar cvs for one position , one with a turkish name and another with a german name , i am selecting the german guy ... but we tend to hide our racism , and we tend not to care much if the other guy is making an effort h ) crime : apparently africans have an almost monopoly on french crime , and that shit can encourage terrorism and segregation . 
  we have a problem with crimes committed by turks and recent asylum seekers , but we also have yugoslav & russian strong networks . 
  fighting with russians and whatnot over influence zones does n't leave you much time to get radicalised . 
  i ) prisons : for some reason , prisons in france & uk tend to be radicalising hubs . 
  i have no idea whatsoever why this is n't considered a big problem here , so ca n't speak about it , but i 've heard many commentators mentioning prison as a factor that increases terrorism risk in france , but none that make the same remarks for germany . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  people stop being lazy once they cross our borders !, 
  while i understand the absolute unwillingness of a big portion of our muslims to integrate in our society , i will have to say that having the state totally ignore the `` new religion '' for decades does n't help either . 
  it took us so long to have an imams ' school , and we still do n't have an institutionalisation of muslim re in schools , it 's all left on the school 's hands . 
  we put religious freedom * very * high , on a legal sense . 
  that makes it harder to infiltrate mosques than , say , ndp or anarchist idiots . 
  our christian communities are self-regulated , and have a good relationship with the state . 
  yes , gay pride parade was not allowed in belgrade in 2013 because of security concerns . 
  nothing to laugh about . 
  except it was not allowed to take place many times in belgrade years ago because the police said they can not guarantee the safety . 
  it was banned in 2011 , 2012 and 2013 , and prior to 2009 too . 
  so would you say the same thing for the serbian government in 2013 ? 
  or the greek government some years before that ? 
  if people were arrested in germany for planning a terror attack in a gay pride event , i 'd rather have the event cancelled than have people blown up , thankyouverymuch . 
  and that 's before you remember that turkey is in middle of a civil war . 
  turkey has less isis fighters than france , despite having 15 times the muslim population . 
  let than sink in . 
  how is our muslim population the same ? 
  our identified isis fighters are almost exclusively arabs , despite them being like 1/5 of our total muslim population . 
  our turks stay out of this mess , they 're too busy celebrating their football wins . 
  in france , 4/5 of their muslim population are arabs . 
  i am not saying it 's a good thing , but the reasoning between the tear gas is that there was no permission to hold the event as the police said they can not guarantee people 's safety from terrorist attacks . 
  isis fighters were arrested because they had planned an attack on that march . 
  while , again , having a government shoot plastic bullets at any citizen is wrong , the event itself is not even in the top 10 of the worst thing their government has done recently . 
  they wanted to disperse the crowd , and chose the wrong way to disperse the crowd ... but that also happened in stuttgart six years ago . 
  gay parades in istanbul have gone peacefully even when the police strictly forbade them in , say , belgrade . 
  there have been incidents in gay pride parades in athens , bucharest or zagreb ... are you saying these eu capitals are saudi arabia ? 
  he was out because he threw a pallet in a stupid road fight . 
  if i do the same , or if you do the same , they wo n't throw us in jail either because that 's stupid . 
  france has a serious prison radicalization problem anyway . 
  uk is an island and they actually have a decent secret service , plus cameras everywhere , plus a decent police . 
  yes , but our turks shut up as long as they have their mosques , can keep their barber shops open on sunday , honk their cars when they win in football & do n't have kurds around . 
  a sick compromise but hey , they 're not blowing anyone up so i 'll shut up and continue to get my hair cut at a turkish barber . 
  is n't that true everywhere ? 
  i mean , i do n't know anyone who 's been murdered either . 
  well , what 's the issue ? 
  i am sure they 'll be able to find plenty of well-trained eastern european lawyers . 
  i still do n't think there are european countries ( other than sweden ) with higher rape rates than the us . 
  ours is around 1 to 3 , and that 's after a significant increase . 
  china is not staying out of our shit if they 're buying greece and companies in my state, 
  hint : they are not . 
  faz says it 's a tunisian national with a visa in france . 
  others say it 's a french citizen . 
  any official info ? 
  but if he was in the passenger 's seat , how did the truck continue to drive for 2km ? 
  you 're projecting your own political linked-to-presidential-electoral-campaign views on another country 's tragedy . 
  the war in caucasus is over for the last months . 
  now wait until jihadists get back come .9, 
  so just because of crimea , you should feel unsafe in lviv ? 
  heck no . 
  statistically speaking , travelling to europe lowers their chance of dying due to lower murder rates , accident rates , etc. 
   send muslim common-law criminals ( bike thieves and whatnot ) to special prisons run by catholics who then try to brainwash them ( warning : may backfire ) that anti ` constitutional , you ca n't brainwash people into another religion . 
  additionally , prisons have a big role on radicalizing people in both france & uk ( here too probably )  pay muslims to move to another country lol we tried to do that some decades ago, 
  i mean ... the man has technically tunisians orgins . 
  his parents came to france somehow . 
  wait , which one was invited by merkel ? 
  they qere invited by de gaulle . 
  yes , but ours are turks mainly , and they do n't care . 
  they want mosques and wear hijabs , but at least do n't try to blow up people . 
  our only islamist attack was an albanian . 
  our most famous salafists are all converts . 
  our isis fighters are arabs . 
  our foiled attacks had all ( reportedly ) arab backgrounds . 
  there are less isis fighters with a turkish passport than with a french passport . 
  turkey has 80 million muslims , france has 4,5 million . 
  oh , sorry for offending a sadistic , murderous , religious cunt by saying he 's a member of a sadistic , murderous , religious group . 
  did you just call me a leftist `` refugees welcome '' idiot ? 
  but nazis !, 
  it 's a truck , having a bullet in one of the wheels would not change a thing, 
  ... more attacks ? 
  no gov on earth ca n't fully stop every attack . 
  israel is a fortress and there are still biweekly attackz . 
  off-topic : who was the guy who replied to me with `` terror attack at 11pm '' when i asked why hollande needs a 24/24 hairdresser ? 
  are you dumbledore ? 
  correct ... still sad . 
  and that will work because :, 
  that 's bad . 
  god , that 's * bad *, 
  what will the lady do to fight terrorism ? 
  they ca n't exactly deport every muslim citizen & then build huge walls . 
  so ... the terrorist element will stay in . 
  she 'll just add in more resentment . 
  which will make the problem worse ... cool . 
  i will go there , of course . 
  i actually had planned to watch some matches in public viewing in france , but had too much work . 
  it 's not like i 'll feel unsafe , i just did n't find the time . 
  maybe it was related to the festivities ? 
  when that fake alarm was in hanover before the football match , they had to check the truck that brought in kits & similar stuff . 
  three such incidents in 2014/15 i think, 
  it honestly feels like home . 
  i have n't visited paris post nov 13 , but i know i 'll shed a tear when i will . 
  oh god . 
  ffs , leave france alone you bunch of cunts :(, 
  the truth is , it 's none of our business .
