  it 's not that hard to do that i think ? 
  i know !, 
  first time it happened , i thought they had forgotten the money . 
  how did he handle that admirably when he was the first foreign minister to call out gaddafi and called for eu political action , then tried to push against intervention ? 
  france used his anti-gaddafi stance to push the rest of eu into a military intervention . 
  he also did a bad job about euromaidan - there was no reason whatsoever to take part in that march . 
  he managed egypt very well , and managed not to get into fights with france . 
  but that 's about it . 
  packed between two steinmeier terms , with fischer before him ... yes , he was weak . 
  greece should really , really stop hoping that mentioning ww2 will get them sympathy . 
  did n't papandreu & tsipras try that a few times ? 
  edit : i am very sympathetic to greece about what they 're facing , i have expressed that many times here , it 's just an observation . 
  i fail to understand them . 
  greatest country on earth , but damn , i ca n't understand them to save my life . 
  and wtf does german-american mean ? 
  see , that 's the biggest issue for me . 
  how can one be two nationalities at once ? 
  i understand having two different passports for practical issues , but can one feel half german and half american , esp . 
  if their parents were born in america , they do n't speak a word of german and would not know who was chancellor before merkel if you put a gun over their head ? 
  because they 're not german or irish ? 
  their grandgrandparents a couple hundred years ago left the country , went somewhere else , brought up their kids as americans , spoke english to them . 
  how in hell does that make them german ? 
  if i go to china and marry a chinese girl and our grandkids marry japanese spouses , will their children be german ? 
  it 's so weird . 
   if you are n't a citizen you are n't a german . 
  and if you are a citizen and play for the nt , good luck convincing a couple of football pundits that yeah , you 're actually german . 
  16 :') and where i live , nobody asks much if you look under 16 and buy only one . 
  or we just save up and like travelling abroad because there 's not much to visit in our country . 
  our disposable income is quite low , but i can take a train or drive to almost every corner of europe ( i 'd get tired if i went to spain or scandinavia , but it 's still reachable if i spend a night along the way and i can always do a long roadtrip ) . 
  you can be damn sure i 'll rather travel than spend my money on another watch . 
  arab tourists are fine . 
  i loved french tourists . 
  my french is good enough to take orders , they never said a word more than necessary , we ignored each-other and at the end , they were happy about my french accent so they tipped . 
  because they do n't come to the us to get drunk , shout and yell like idiots . 
  italian tourists where i worked were absolutely fine . 
  polite and cheerful and all that . 
  terrible english , of course , but i did n't mind as they were really nice . 
  i 've worked in a touristy location as a waiter and i am only basing this judgement on how i was treated americans and brits . 
  grown-up brits were ok , it was english teens that made my head swirl . 
  arrogant cunts . 
  and americans were americans . 
  yeah , they tip but i 'd gladly exchange that premium in tips with a * little * more basic respect and less irony . 
  frenchies , scandinavians , latinos , east asians were all ok . 
  corporations are considered legal entities in every democratic country on earth . 
  who would have thought . 
  chirac said it waaay after the invasion though , and through an interview . 
  fischer decided to have a drink and then blast everything on rumsfeld when he was sitting a meter away . 
  and then everyone dies . 
  i wanted to say redbull , but that would lead to a big debate about austrian 's chancellor acting against merkel . 
  bailouts , crimea , ecb rates , not allowing hungary to slip into chaos and being the only country in this continent to at least say something about the fact that 5 countries decided to send greece into chaos ? 
  that 's only a problem when the whole continent decides to take a nap and crowns her as the unelected queen of europe . 
  merkel 's approval rate the day before `` wir schaffen das ! '', 
  was 74 % . 
  in four months , it dropped to 49 % . 
  merkel never even tried to look like she cares . 
  and i do n't mind - i have a problem with how she is managing this crisis , but i fully support her foreign policy in general . 
  i wo n't lie , once you 're spoiled with fischer and steinmeier , he really looked like a weak foreign minister . 
  but he was a good guy and he really tried to do his job as best as he could and he actually had two grams of brain , unlike half of our government . 
  may he rest in peace . 
  i hope his partner and parents gets over his loss . 
  remember fischer in 2002 saying invading iraq would create more islamic terrorism ? 
  cdu * csu is for bavaria, 
  not anymore . 
  tusk is doing his thing now , since december at least . 
  it 's weird . 
  i remember him and his flowers . 
  on the third hand , it would n't be the first time pkk created problems in western europe, 
  if your government does n't intervene , of course . 
  and us we 're sending a baby, 
  of course . 
  still either second to merkel , or third to merkel & hollande . 
  tells a lot about the current state of eu politics . 
  hollande can barely get the support of his own ministers renzi is a kid i think it 's still merkel , she just had 1/10 of her previous power maybe rutte ? 
  it 's not about * her * or anyone else on a political level . 
  a few months ago , she had enough capital to sew hollande to her right arm , keep poland on her back , giggle with tsipras , rely on netherlands/denmark , have enough support to ignore renzi , keep faymann on her pocket and be the most important point of contact with cameron , obama and putin . 
  once those who down , her `` power '' goes down too . 
  merkel remaining the most powerful politician in the eu now means nothing . 
  yes , in the last months from r/europe i 've learnt many things , including that i feel guilty for my passport , my chancellor is secretly a muslim , my chancellor would be kicked out of office in november/december/january / february/next monday/next week , our finance minister is pro-russian , etc. 
  ofcourse , nothing comes close to what i 've learned from gop debates : my country is on the brink of a civil war . 
  of course , i have followed this thing unfold and i know things very well , both from the media ( and i keep up with all `` sources '' , from faz to spiegel to bild ) and grassroots level - friend working with refugees & i had to volunteer for some time . 
  what i am trying to say is , i really do n't care about those five words . 
  merkel was ** right ** to accept those people who are at that particular moment , trapped in hungary . 
  it was morally , practically and politically right . 
  however , i do n't agree with how she managed the next six months . 
  yeah , but which one is more clickbaity ? 
  1 - `` a guy working somewhere in some government office leaves an a4 printed page at a local grocery store while buying a nescaffe '' or 2 - `` merkel wants all syrians to move to germany '', 
  first thing : thank you for organizing all of the billion comments me and every german flair here has tried to explain in the past six months second thing : regardless of her well-meaning intentions ( yes , her intentions were well-meaning , deal with it ) , merkel * failed * to manage the situation . 
  this mess is out of her hands . 
  she should have never let the crisis spiral out of her control . 
  she did a mistake - and it was a bad enough mistake to make her lose my vote . 
  she gambled , and she put too much at stake , and she has yet to understand how her words were misinterpreted and taken advantage of . 
  she had the political backing , the massive support and crisis-management-ability to put an end to this mess in october , november or december and she failed to do that . 
  she had the trust of both her voters and opponents - and now she has lost that trust . 
  if merkel had two grams of brain and simultaneously a genuine interest in global affairs , she would use her new popularity in the me to contribute positively to a couple of conflicts . 
  edit : shit , now that i look carefully at the pictures , they really picked her best photos . 
  i have no problem with tourists . 
  millions of asylum-seekers on the other hand and millions of illegal immigrants , not really . 
  a stable democracy with a fully secular state , a well-developed economy , no separatist conflicts and a comprehensive social system ? 
  in that occasion , we would n't * need * to take responsibility for them , because most of eu would n't mind either . 
  no , nothing to do with that .
