  i do n't think it 'll be brought up as it would backfire . 
  i 'll volunteer in the electoral campaign against him , but there 's no denying he 's perfectly suited for the position and would make a good chancellor . 
  but we like him source : the link, 
  you do n't trust him to be good with public finances ? 
  surprisingly , i would except him to be first . 
  not really . 
  who cares ? 
  he has experience and speaks like five languages and reads a lot . 
  he would be a perfectly competent chancellor . 
  ( not gon na vote for spd ), 
  that 's the problem of the eu , not of us . 
  it 's fine to hate him , but not respecting him is plainly stupid . 
  they were predicting her `` next week '' downfall from sept 2015 to sept 2016 . 
  nope . 
  consistent with my personal experience , and all other polls . 
  inconsistent with the anglo-saxon media portrayal of merkel , but that 's no surprise . 
  bavaria : we 're so damn cute . 
  hoffenheim gets money from the sap guy , not support go for dynamo dresden or some third-league club who gets 25000 people in the stadium on a weekly basis, 
  that mentality does a good job of explaining the real issues in france . 
  wtf , does everyone east of us hate us now ? 
  wow , wtf is this , high school kids defending their neighbor in petty ways in a debate ? 
  wtf , polen . 
  who told him that was a good idea ? 
   is incredibly productive . 
  so when will they stop complaining about the ez dampening their productivity because they ca n't print liras anymore ? 
  he 's fucking disgusting and despicable . 
  but he 's a total sweetheart !, 
   either withstand german centric ecb policies and an unsustainable interest rate , or withstand an outstanding german surplus . 
  or maybe not blackmail the world 's fourth biggest economy into a currency union . 
  why did n't no one outside of germany think of this 27 years ago ? 
  the entire ez needs a macroeconomics 101 course . 
  but we 're not trying to make uk a net exporter . 
  we solve our problems by exporting more , and we do a damn good job of solving our problems . 
  same here hun . 
  same here . 
  afd gets plenty of votes in all big cities in germany bar hamburg . 
  our constitution comes before whatever dublin rule . 
  i am critical for how she managed afterwards , not that late-night decision . 
  yes , we are smart . 
  our hooligans make bombs too . 
  they 're not the smartest . 
  schr\u00f6der was within statistical error with merkel . 
  steinmeier is probably at over 80 % at this point lol, 
  merkel is not cool . 
  she was at 60 % in february, 
  we 've had serial murderers with higher approval rates . 
  one of the bailout thingies for greece ( not the big 2012 package , the small thing with papandreu ), 
  not really . 
  bundesrat helps with that , and the chancellor has less power than the potus . 
  i 'd say some of the leftist voters of the greens switched to spd with schulz , so more conservatives are left there . 
  let 's be honest : unless you 're a single parent , it 's pretty difficult to be poor in bayern even if you try to . 
  macron vs melenchon would be amazing , but it 's le pen vs melenchon i 'm scared about . 
  wtf is going on there . 
  i said the democratic world . 
  well , we have some elections in september . 
  nope , only the first two get counted in the 62 % thing . 
  are you fucking kidding me . 
  fellow germans , someone 's * challenging * us . 
  looking at the guy 's twitter , it would also be interesting to do the preferred candidate according to party graph , but i do n't know how to do imgur . 
  that should be one of the highest in the democratic world no ? 
  top of my head , definitely the highest for any big democracy , but maybe estonia or sth have some adorable pm ? 
   why did she allow all syrian refugees to apply for asylum in germany ? 
  wait , wait , wait . 
  syrian refugees have a constitutional right to apply for asylum once in germany . 
  their application might be accepted or denied , but the fucking chancellor ca n't just stay `` nah , you ca n't apply '' i say this as someone hugely critical of her refugee policies btw . 
  he even made fun of merkel 's skiing accident . 
  not dortmund . 
  would she ? 
  the legal age is 16 in france . 
  it would be illegal because she was his teacher , but no jail ( at least here ), 
  if you pass the vast , glass-walled chancellery in berlin at night , you will often see a solitary room illuminated high on its southern side . 
  that 's peter altmaier 's office , a few strides away from angela merkel 's own eyrie on the other side of the seventh floor . 
  an intellectually brilliant , multilingual , workaholic bastion of the cdu 's liberal wing , many consider the chancellery director the most powerful man in the city . 
  all the more so since yesterday , when mrs merkel added a new job to his portfolio : he is now responsible for writing her manifesto ahead of the election in september . 
  the news triggered volcanic reactions from parts of political berlin . 
  to understand mr altmaier , his role and his political significance is to understand how germany is run in 2017 . 
  on the surface , the anger at his latest elevation is about logistics . 
  wolfgang kubicki , vice-chair of the liberal fdp , huffed that mr altmaier could not be both chancellery director and manifesto writer ; this would be `` blatantly unconstitutional '' and possibly grounds for legal action , he warned . 
  `` he ca n't simultaneously be an honest broker of this coalition government and write the cdu manifesto '' , added carsten scheider , a leading spd mp . 
  both had a point : what if a crisis breaks ( say , a major terror attack ) and mr altmaier is busy taking soundings on the cdu 's new transport policy ? 
  the directorship of the chancellery is a huge job in itself , much larger than chief-of-staff roles in other countries : the director directly co-ordinates departments and brokers compromises between them , federal states and coalition parties . 
  he even oversees the bnd , germany 's foreign intelligence agency . 
  the man himself hit back today , vaunting his endless capacity for work : `` for three years i have been reachable and available to act at any time . 
  including , during emergencies , at night , at christmas and at the weekend . 
  that will remain the case . '', 
  he has a point . 
  sigmar gabriel , now germany 's foreign minister , was until recently head of a giant economy ministry , chair of the centre-left spd and vice chancellor . 
  there is nothing new about cumul des mandats in berlin . 
  which begs the question , why the exaggerated horror at the news ? 
  there are three main factors . 
  the first is mr altmaier 's proximity to mrs merkel . 
  his stratospheric rise has happened fast : little more than a decade ago , the generously built mp from the saarland was joking that he had no prospects under a women with a `` weakness for thin men '' . 
  then the chancellor plucked him out of obscurity . 
  he has since appeared in every great drama of her tenure . 
  he was the chief whip who pushed the greek bailouts through the bundestag . 
  he was the environment minister who executed mrs merkel 's `` energy revolution '' ; the forests of wind turbines now rising across germany are his doing . 
  he was the architect of her refugee gambit , flying to ankara without the say-so of the interior ministry to thrash out deals with turkish leaders . 
  now he is at the heart of berlin 's response to brexit ; earlier this month he was the only senior german minister to attend the annual anglo-german `` k\u00f6nigswinter '' conference . 
  he is synonymous with merkelism : an hero to her fans , a scourge to her enemies . 
  in the words of robin alexander , the author of a new book on the refugee crisis , `` those who do n't dare attack merkel directly take aim at altmaier '' .
