  lol :'), 
  you were so good , posting graphs , map and stats that made us look good . 
  what went on your head that you decided to make fun of us ? 
  same feeling here , but i was happy at the end !, 
  prost !, 
  glad they did . 
  do n't tell me the boats disappeared and the experience was lost . 
  spain ... :( and wtf is going on orban, 
  afd is not a cult . 
  if spiegel can find sources in football team meetings , they can find someone at afd, 
  you know nato wo n't intervene right ? 
  your border with the-one-that-must-not-be-named-unless-the-name-is-german-style-with-five-words thanks for the link, 
  your land border with turkey is not a problem . 
  your coastal border ... well , we 're seeing it . 
  it 's not flat , it 's technically deep . 
  what about the border with macedonia ? 
  is it `` passable '' easily in the winter ? 
  i think your border with albania is snowy , an immigrant here told me about how he went through it during a winter to work in greece, 
  how much of an idiot does one have to be for god 's sake , someone in brussels should just type `` europe map '' on google images and be done with it . 
  the whole country of albania is directly on the coast . 
  italy is on the other side and albanian smugglers have a rich experience of sending people illegally to italy during the ' 90 . 
  i know their state is now stronger , but can they control the whole coast , 24h/day , every day , for years ? 
  we 're talking about a small country with below 3 million people and one of the lowest gdp in europe , that - usually lucky for them - have a very long coast , every single cm of which is perfectly accessible by car and boat . 
  this is just moving it from one risky sea trip + one long land trip , to two risky sea trips + one long land trip . 
  good luck . 
  oh and how about the huge , huge land border with bulgaria ? 
  what happens with it ? 
   he is much more afraid that the countries on the balkan route will close down their borders -- all the way to the north . 
  for this reason , he is putting his faith in the most hated woman in his homeland : the german chancellor . 
  `` angela merkel is under pressure , so i fear that at some point the german border will close . '', 
  and then he says something that is very unusual for a greek . 
  `` germany is right now the voice of reason in europe . '', 
  you know the continent has gone crazy when it comes to this, 
  poor poles , russians , italians , even albanian and serbian kids around here do perfectly fine in school . 
  and gypsies are a huge problem in eastern europe . 
  you do n't think eu institutions tried to help in slovakia ? 
  they tried and failed . 
  then i fully understand the girl . 
  someone has her facebook account ? 
  * your * tusk, 
  i am not british ... 
  if greece suddenly started sending people to turkey on their own , turkey would get every plane and every ship and send it to greece, 
  so we should makes the portugese a minority in their country gotcha ', 
  how about money ? 
  it 's not a good thing to keep 20 countries on your back . 
  if they want to get that off , if they want to leave , they should leave, 
  the south is very beautiful , but the differences are no noticeable it 's striking even to someone who has only visited it once . 
  you go down rome and it 's greece while the north feels like austria . 
  we drived through the country down to calabria and back up . 
  beautiful ? 
  sure . 
  but even in that beauty , naples and bari had zone that were depressing . 
  and the roads , the ports , the architecture , customer service , the number of businesses you 'd see out of the car , everything was different . 
  or you can just see where the money comes from on a google table and there is a huge difference . 
  i am sure southern italians are nice people living nice lives , but comparing it to the northern part , there is a strong division . 
  last time we did that , it was your tusk then hollande threw his weight behind mogherini and here we are, 
  thank you renzi . 
  not like you are supposed to be one of the main ship 's captains or anything, 
  kos is like swimming distance from other islands i think, 
  once you go left of berlin , customer service goes down , but it 's more noticeable for ` muricuhns than for us, 
  if someone from , say , spain decides to move and has to take time to find a job , he can support himself in poland but not in germany and it 's the same for students . 
  wages here are n't that high either, 
  safety , tolerant and hardworking people , low rents , low prices for everything bar gas , decent education , a strong economy , practically the lowest unemployment in europe . . 
  you ever visited poland ? 
  it 's very cheap , the cost of living is the lowest in eu i think, 
  random, 
  ... well , yes , i guess . 
  but no candy with schaeuble , just to let you know in advance . 
  they are not supposed to send out press releases on sex crimes , especially not when minors are attacked and especially not when the attacker is caught some of you are either thick , too lazy to use google or just want to spread panic, 
  can we join ? 
  they 're practically our babies, 
  friendly tip : pick them . 
  if you pick them , nothing goes wrong . 
  intellectuals from irans , working couples from vietnam , students from russia : they all integrate fine and do n't create problems . 
  yeap , half of them are here . 
  slightly loud , but otherwise cheerful and helpful guys and girls, 
  maybe netherlands . 
  * maybe *, 
  if things change , who will take care of our economy ? 
  romania ? 
  brussels ? 
  ahem , our schools are fine . 
  the problem lies with a lack of interest from top students more than anything . 
  if we end up in a bad situation , there is no one that can take care of us anyway, 
  not like we have a shortage of scientists , engineers , etc. 
  not at all . 
  i do not consider myself a european nationalist and i never will . 
  if i was asked to pick between bailing out greece and not bailing out greece with my tax money , i would choose not bailing out greece . 
  same for romania . 
  what 's so hard to understand ? 
  yes , we 'll make sure no one in this union dies , but that 's about it . 
  greece is not a part of germany and will never be . 
  romania either . 
  i have no reason whatsoever to decide to create a common nation with greece , romania or finland . 
  i have no reason whatsoever to decide to share risks with romania . 
  there is no common national european identity . 
  there wo n't be , at least not in our lifetime . 
  i strictly refuse it . 
  i know i 'd panic if ecb suddenly became `` romanian '' or `` french '' . 
  i do not care if you disagree and get offended by this , it 's the truth and rather than try to create something that does not exist and should not exist , let 's talk about solutions about practical problems .
