  the injury is from shattered glass, 
  the bayern-fan in me . . wait , no , fuck this shit if it 's terrorists , you fucking cunts , stay away from our football if it 's hooligans , you fucking schalke cunts . 
  dude , it 's schalke that hates dortmund . 
  we 're fine . 
  yes . 
  war as in `` we invade everyone around us '' . 
  i know about ukraine , and i am very aware of the balkan wars . 
  how we deal with our past . 
  as for europe : yay , 70 + years without a war !, 
  oh , found someone from the conservative wing of the cdu on reddit . 
  the mayor of hamburg has to stay in hamburg , no ? 
  notz is alive ? 
  it 's not irrational . 
  people do n't want the rest of the country to become berlin . 
  people do n't want die linke nutjobs in charge of things . 
  oh my god , i had a mini-stroke of that one . 
  surprised cdu is not blasting that poster everywhere . 
  http://www.stern.de/politik/deutschland/stern-rtl-wahltrend---kanzlerfrage--erstwaehler-favorisieren-angela-merkel-7406718.html almost half of first-time voters ( 18-21 years old ) want merkel . 
  considering how poor cdu usually does with young voters , this is * huge * . 
  but then , if you think of it : the last time someone else was chancellor , some of these kids were not in school . 
  there are people who did n't know how to read and write before merkel became chancellor . 
  well , that 's one of the things of trying to climb over what you said in the near past : pun tolerance goes down . 
  martin schulz signalled he would not soften germany 's pro-austerity stance if elected chancellor this year , a message that will disappoint those in the eu hoping the social democrat leader might usher in a change in berlin 's policy on the eurozone . 
  in his first encounter with the foreign press since being elected spd leader last month , mr schulz projected a message of continuity , suggesting there would be no big shift in germany 's insistence on debt reduction and structural reform if he replaces angela merkel as chancellor . 
  he said germany had a `` great interest '' in ensuring all eu member states achieved stable growth , `` but to get there , certain reforms are needed in these countries '' . 
  that message contrasts sharply with the rhetoric from his time as president of the european parliament , when he opposed austerity and argued forcefully for a more lenient approach towards southern europe . 
  in 2012 , when the greek debt crisis was raging , he said there was a `` bizarre situation in europe '' when 26 of 27 countries were in favour of giving more aid to athens and only one was against : he meant germany under ms merkel . 
  asked on monday whether greece could be kept in the eurozone , he said it depended `` to what extent reforms are implemented '' there -- a clear echo of ms merkel 's line , and that of her hawkish finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble . 
  mr schulz is under pressure to overcome the perception among german voters that he is soft on greece and other indebted eurozone countries . 
  many of them view ms merkel and mr sch\u00e4uble , seen as champions of fiscal rectitude and scourges of southern european laxity , as the more credible politicians . 
  according to a `` political barometer '' published by the zdf tv channel on friday , 34 per cent considered ms merkel to be more trustworthy than her spd challenger , 31 per cent found her more sympathetic and 46 per cent more competent . 
  another poll published on monday suggested the surge in spd support that followed mr schulz 's anointing as party leader could be waning . 
  the poll put ms merkel 's conservative bloc on 33 per cent and the social democrats on 31.5 per cent . 
  on monday , the spd leader also disavowed a proposal he had floated during the euro crisis which had been fervently opposed by ms merkel -- the idea of mutualising the eurozone 's debts by issuing eurobonds . 
  `` the only interesting thing about bonds is james , '' he said . 
  he added that the idea had been rendered moot by the creation of the european stability mechanism , the euro area 's bailout fund . 
  but on one issue mr schulz carved out a position that was distinct from that of ms merkel and her christian democrats -- and one which could set him on a collision course with us president donald trump . 
  the german government has pledged to lift overall german defence spending from 1.2 per cent of gdp to 2 per cent in line with its nato commitments . 
  ms merkel repeated the promise at her recent meeting with mr trump , who has argued that the us 's european partners -- and especially germany -- spend too little on their defence and rely too much on the us . 
  but mr schulz took issue with the policy , saying he was `` not of the view that it has been agreed in nato that we have to achieve this goal of 2 per cent of gdp '' . 
  he said that would mean `` more than $ 20bn or more of additional defence spending a year over the next few years '' , which would be a `` significant financial burden on germany '' . 
  `` that is certainly not the goal that a government led by me would pursue , '' he added . 
  `` what we need is not a new arms race but disarmament initiatives , and more investment in prevention , '' he said . 
  `` that would serve our security better . '', 
  interesting : third phone call between the two in the three weeks since her visit to washington . 
  we iz conservative , we iz cute . 
  the skyscraper is beautiful enough on its own but man , oosten ( the bar over the river ) is a whole another level of romantic . 
  according to the attorney it was . 
  not that i particularly care tho . 
  i mean , killing a person with a machete is still a monstrous act , with or without jealousy involved . 
  i 've also let emotions get the better of me sometimes , but i hit doors , not women . 
  no , we really do not . 
  please read up , 
   the ( 22-year old ) man said he acted out of jealousy after learning that his 45-year-old girlfriend was seeing another man . 
  date in your age group ffs . 
  and i remember this one . 
  r/worldnews decided it was a terror attack . 
  happy for his life sentence . 
  yeap , we 're doing keynesian , 
  we have a budget surplus . 
  fourth year running . 
   for proof of this , just look at mr schulz 's own comments . 
  he mostly shies away from criticising her ( in fact in some of his interviews he seems to suggest she is just a social democrat who ended up in the wrong party -- a claim echoed behind closed doors by some in the cdu ) . 
  instead he criticises her colleagues and in particular the more socially conservative csu , the cdu 's bavarian sister party . 
  mrs merkel still commands the centre ( i know former green voters now contemplating voting for her ) . 
  in a world beset , more than ever , by turbulence she offers continuity . 
  i wish people paid more attention to this . 
  weaknesses unfamiliarity with germany . 
  mr schulz was elected to the european parliament in 1994 and based his professional life there until this january . 
  he has been brussels-based for about 85 % of germany 's post-reunification history . 
  party insiders worry that this will show as the campaign unfolds ; during television debates , for example . 
  they fret that his recent interview with the bild newspaper -- in which he claimed that 40 % of young germans are on short-term contracts ( the correct figure is 14 % ) -- could see him fall into the trap that devoured rudolf scharping , the spd 's chancellor candidate in 1994 , who never quite lived down an incident in which he appeared to confuse `` gross '' and `` net '' . 
  to be fair mr schulz is apparently revising like mad , but up against mrs merkel , who masters detail , he may struggle . 
  red socks . 
  a second spectre of 1994 haunts mr schulz : public concerns about a coalition between the spd and the socialist , anti-nato party to its left . 
  mr scharping had no real plans to form a coalition with the pds ( as it was then called ) , but the cdu only had to run posters showing red socks , a pejorative symbol of that party , hanging on a clothes line . 
  mr schulz , by contrast , stands a real chance of forming a coalition with die linke ( the pds 's successor party ) if the numbers allow . 
  this scares some in middle germany ; indeed , the prospect of an spd-linke coalition in saarland undoubtedly contributed to high turnout among cdu voters there . 
  at a time when the threat from the east looks more daunting than it has since the end of the cold war , this might be replicated at a national level . 
  ghosts from brussels . 
  german papers have carried stories suggesting that mr schulz funnelled jobs and resources to allies during his time in the powerful european parliament presidency . 
  though it seems germans care little about this sort of favouritism , have priced it in or do n't believe he did anything terribly wrong ( the reality is probably a mix of these factors ) , new revelations could weigh him down . 
  asymmetrical mobilisation . 
  part of mrs merkel 's political genius over the past decade has been not just to persuade former schr\u00f6der voters to back her party , but also to persuade many others to stay at home . 
  if you are on the centre-left and not terribly interested in politics , the minimum-wage-introducing , pension-age-cutting chancellor has made it pretty easy not to bother voting . 
  the combination of an spd electorate that could live with a fourth merkel chancellorship and an engaged cdu electorate motivated ( as in saarland ) by the risk of die linke joining the government could wreck mr schulz 's chances . 
  he seems to be alive to this problem : witness his energetic campaigning and aggressive talk about the afd . 
  but that is not to say he can solve it . 
  of all the factors listed in this post , i suspect this will be the most significant . 
  the merkel effect . 
  you would not know it from some of the english-language coverage of germany , but after twelve years and all the attendant dramas mrs merkel remains strong -- if not always liked then certainly respected . 
  her approval rating is high , higher than it has been since 2015 . 
  she radiates stability . 
  for proof of this , just look at mr schulz 's own comments . 
  he mostly shies away from criticising her ( in fact in some of his interviews he seems to suggest she is just a social democrat who ended up in the wrong party -- a claim echoed behind closed doors by some in the cdu ) . 
  instead he criticises her colleagues and in particular the more socially conservative csu , the cdu 's bavarian sister party . 
  mrs merkel still commands the centre ( i know former green voters now contemplating voting for her ) . 
  in a world beset , more than ever , by turbulence she offers continuity . 
  mr schulz ignores this at his peril . 
  what does all of this mean ?
