  2011 is not recent . 
  i can only imagine the poor guy that had to go to merkel 's office , sit down with her , and explain how bots work . 
  it 's the kind of shit you put on your cv , and i do n't want to think about qs she might have asked, 
  wait how in hell can an eu army prevent domestic terrorism ? 
  nono . 
  just said it because he 's turkish and came here and uses our flair . 
  i reference it below too . 
  more taxes , more uncontrolled immigration , a foreign policy closer to russia , less security spending , and the frontrunner for the chancellery is an incompetent , corrupted bundle of fat who flip-flops on a weekly basis & ca n't take responsibility over a cup of tea . 
  still , it 's much better than , say , a trump or berlusconi government but yeah , why bother to go in that direction ? 
  but she 's the head of the christian-democratic party ffs , why are british media so keen on portraying her as a wannabe hippie ? 
  what a stupid , stupid article . 
  on top of using a foreign logic , there are four outright mistakes in the article - i 'm not talking arguable reasonings , i mean flat out factually wrong mistakes . 
  it 's completely fine to be against a chancellor staying in for four terms . 
  it 's not fine to do so by writing such a * weak * , unsupported by arguments , comically irrational article , without expressing a single idea on how a non-merkel gov would work out while still calling yourself a journalist . 
  my god . 
   we dont exactly produce anything actually , you do produce a shitload of stuff . 
  you do n't have high-level , high-tech manufacturing but you still have a pretty high % of your workforce in manufacturing . 
  there 's a difference between the 3-decades-anatolian-bavarians and the student from istanbul who moved to bavaria three years ago . 
  oh honey , your flair . 
   he makes himself look silly and non-threatening which appeals to a lot of people . 
  well not to our politicians , apparently . 
  yes , i know , what i am saying is that there 's a chance that guy is not lying . 
  i did n't try to argue in favor of one or another . 
  i meant as a self-employed, 
  we want him do n't worrt, 
  maybe that portion of electorate should choose the health minister or sth , not the fucking fm . 
  72 % of our population chose our fm , and * look at him *, 
  ahem , you can pay like 34 euros a mo in certain situations w / the private insurer ( mawista comes to mind ), 
  and how much do you have to pay if your wage is 5000 ? 
  and forsa says 36 % . . but ok , it 's forsa, 
  as someone who 'll never vote for spd : shut up , he 's not a bad guy at all . 
  we 've lived for 11 years under a conservative gov after 7 years of wannabe neoliberals after 16 years of a conservative governments and we 're doing just fine and this is one of the best places on earth to live in . 
  oh and i live in a state governed by hard conservatives for 7 decades now . 
  he ca n't take responsibilitt to save his life and flip flops on a bi-weekly basis . 
  like what happened for nsu . . oh wait . 
  wait . 
  i do n't remember a single protest against the police literally covering the asses of neo-nazis killing 10 people , and that 's digusting . 
  where the hell do you work , die linke headquarters ? 
  we discussed w\u00fcrzburg & ansbach pretty extensively at work . 
  and it was not munich . 
  so ... tusk ? 
  yes , but their numbers are down in the polls . 
  the article is really good , especially the part about local projects in towns . 
  i strongly recommend it . 
  why ? 
  cdu wo n't drop below 30 . 
  spd wo n't drop below 20 ... wait , it has in the past 3 years , well it might but i do n't think so . 
  exactly . 
  and up to last spring/summer ( 2015 ) literally everyone , me included , thought she would retire in 2017 . 
  but in late 2016 , i am not surprises she decided to run again . 
   this is extremely foolish of the usa . 
   trumps decision the story of the next four years . 
  the issue here is asian nations wanted to take advantage of globalism , and ` muricans said `` nein ! '', 
  also lahm 's goal in 2006 . 
  i am seriously thinking about a non-football-moment she looked happy . 
   a poor person spending 900 of his 1000 dollar income is paying less vat in total and by percentage , than a person earning 2000 and spending 2000 . 
  and the issue here is that the poor person spends 1000 dollar of his 1000 dollar income , while the rich person spends 1500 of his 2000 dollar income , thus paying less vat as % of income . 
  the first guy 's mpc is 1 , while the second guy 's is 0,75  nope , they spend more on excise goods than rich people . 
  no , they spend less , as excise is applied on luxury products which , as logic say , rich people spend more on . 
   dutchtaxlawyer lol . 
  would n't that make them the only country on earth that does n't allow the woman to abort the fetus even if there 's a risk carrying the fetus can kill you ? 
   you do n't actually know that . 
  actually , i do . 
  mpc goes does as income increases . 
  there 's not a single economist , * on earth * that disputes that . 
   because they buy cigarettes and alcohol and other excise goods . 
  alcohol + cigarettes have the exact same vat as every other product . 
  excises are another thing . 
  statistically speaking , poor people pay less excise than rich people as a portion of their income . 
  no , i 'm not an economist , i just took a single class on economics . 
  are they trying to outdo us when it comes to political stability ? 
  the poor consume a higher portion of their income than the rich , thus paying more vat for 1 euro income . 
  he 's still german tho . 
  and a european . 
  eu citizen since birth , unlike half of the commenters here . 
  yes , like around 4 millions from the estimates , together with another 10 + million eastern europeans . 
  his claim is perfectly correct . 
  the guy number 2 of the group is also german ( as in , bio-german ) . 
  no idea about the others . 
  sch\u00e4uble is our finance minister and he can comment whatever he wants and whenever he wants on your tax system . 
   you spend most of your time preparing for elections , forming new governments and then dismantling the governments again see that 's the secret , they do n't spend time doing that . 
  the state continues to function as if nothing 's going on . 
  so , we 're at 125 % ? 
  cool !, 
  in greece , of course . 
  we might be into sth . 
  i got your point , and as a csu voter i 'd have no issues whatsoever with the guy , he 's brilliant . 
  i just found it funny . 
   this could potentially include aid to troubled southern european countries such as greece and italy , rendering the eurozone unworkable but r/europe told me greek 's crisis is the reason for the rise of the far right , and that massive fiscal transfers will solve the issue of euroskepticism forever and ever . 
  not worried . 
  hollande ran on a `` fuck merkel '' campaign & they still managed to be buddies . 
  as long as our cute frenchies do n't go apeshit crazy & elect le pen , merkel will find a way to work with whoever is in office . 
   he managed to steer france away from the refugee crisis that hit . . austria . . austria did nothing wrong other than being in the wrong geographical position oh , and having jungles around the country is not `` steering away from the refugee crisis '', 
  she 's probably a r/frugal mod at this point, 
  i ... shit . 
  i trust our cute neighbors to not be dumb . 
  they tend to elect smartly . 
  i agree with most of your comment , but i chuckled at jens ' name . 
  do n't get me wrong , the guy is brilliant , but saying cdu has to be led by a gay man to go back to conservative positions it represented in the '90 is ... funny . 
  exactly .
