  yes , it 's quite easy to brand everything as `` xenophobia '' , then be surprised when there is no proper , honsest and responsible debate about immigration in our cute little continent . 
  you can visit italy in one week and see everything . 
  it 's a breathtaking country from taormina to venice to bologna to firence to roma to turin to capri, 
  there could be many motives why one opposes immigration . 
  xenophobia economic interest ( `` he 'll get my job '' ) thinking the other person is only coming to his country for welfare wanting to preserve cultural homogeneity thinking people should stay in their own countries to build their homeland, 
  people get child benefits for kids living in poland in germany too . 
  you 're mixing two different things, 
  see what it took for us ? 
  a court decision . 
  what it took for you ? 
  three decades of negotiations that can eventually lead to a brexit, 
  hah :') bavarian :') so do you need me to send some monie or nah ? 
  bosnians , then the palestinians came in huge numbers , etc. 
  bosnians were the nicest people . 
  i was a baby back then , but my parents say there were a few dozens of bosnians across the street and they took it upon themselves to clean the street and help with the gardens . 
  they had actually sat down and made a plan and different guys would clean it on different days , rake leaves , splash the pavement with water and all that , and when the winter came they shovelled the snow . 
  i ca n't remember anything other than some kids we played with , but my family had a positive experience and i have a `` soft spot '' for them , 
  a person who opposed immigration ? 
  now it 's not even sexy :(, 
  what a sweetheart he is , such an educated and classy man, 
  zeman is so ... * czech *, 
  yay , welcome to the club little italy !, 
  and it 's not like your police is globally renowned for political correctness . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i 've read tens of incidents between the greek police and economic immigrants . 
  i 've heard two personal stories of illegal immigrants into greece too . 
  why are they suddenly `` soft '' ? 
  is it a very sensitive issue that may rise more questions than before ? 
  you said what ? 
  yes , because they will integrate perfectly , work hard for all their life , speak the language after six months , raise their kids as their neighbors do , encourage their daughters to marry whom they choose and become mps . 
  / u/xenonbg understands this because i am sure he has , at least once , applied for a visa since his passport needed it to visit eu countries . 
  our embassies are bitches . 
  it 's not entirely his fault . 
  my english is decent , my french is basic but i am not interested in learning it any further . 
  i have my mind set on one of our eastern neighbours ' languages as i know some basics and have people to practice . 
  polish or czech , hmmm ... 
  it 's the same in every language you ever heard how steven gerrard speaks ? 
  not in berlin , but i have an available couch and a spare cupboard . 
  the best wifi in the country , oven , fridge , the carpet is turkish and i can provide towels too . 
  sorry , i tried to sound like my turkish-born colleague advertising his room on the phone, 
  i can get around in french . 
  they 'll know i am german by the second sentence because heavy accent , but i had no problem with basic conversations in paris , i can follow french movies without subtitles , etc, 
  no , i am talking about the local elections in march, 
  am i the only one who thinks cdu will win all three states ? 
  we deported thousands to balkan countries . 
  their governments are sweethearts , taking people without papers as long as they knew it was their guy . 
  na countries are bitching, 
  there were days when greece had 0 arrivals and our southern border had over 3000 . 
  i an not talking one day - it were 5 days straight last week, 
  even if you import families , some criminals will slip through the cracks . 
  but if having some more thieves in my city is the price to pay for thousands of families , kids and babies being saved from extreme poverty in jordan , it 's a sacrifice i am honestly ready to make . 
  but not * this * . 
  again , that could easily be doable . 
  i am sure even eastern europe countries would be more keen on sheltering a few young syrian families currently sleeping on the streets of lebanon , than a bunch of algerian thugs ( as the permanent quota plan would imply ) . 
  what eu is doing right now is legalizing human trafficking and smuggling . 
  paying a criminal to get you to lesvos is now more effective than applying for asylum . 
  it makes more sense for eu to pay the tickets for every picked family from lebanon and jordan , than allow millions of people to pay 800 $ -1500 $ to human traffickers in turkey . 
  turkey does n't even tax them !, 
  rapists are easier to find ( even if hard to convict ) because of semen , more fingerprints and the fact that the victim gets to see the attacker 's face for a longer time ( and would probably never forget it ) but for a victim that was slandered around , grabbed and groped by several men , whom she did n't see and can not identify ( also because of how facial recognition works - for someone who grew up around blonde men , it 's easier to tell apart two similar-looking blonde men than two similar-looking arabs ) it 's much harder , even if the perpetrator is a citizen . 
  you either arrest everyone who was there on spot , line them up and let the victims pick , or it 's just gone . 
  even just handcuffing them - all those who were in the train station - and leaving them on the ground until the situation calms down would make more sense then what was done - give up . 
  yes , it would be slightly bordering on illegal , but if i was innocent , i 'd be happy to spend half an hour handcuffed if that was the guarantee no girl would get assaulted that night, 
  i 'll have to repeat this : take a second to imagine what happens in camps . 
  common shelters , unsupervised toilets , etc. 
  weak people - widows , teen girls , old women , kids - are unprotected against thousands and thousands of men . 
  i thought we did n't want camps where bad things happen to innocent people in our country ever again , no ? 
  or does it only count if it 's the state doing it ? 
  then maybe we should tell obama to move his guantamo prisoners here ? 
  that 's what you get when instead of helping people ( hint : pick vulnerable families from jordan and lebanon ) , you try to save face by accepting everyone who has a slightly darker skintone . 
  how ? 
  it 's not like they left blood or semen on a girl, 
  warsaw is unsafe ? 
  like ... what ? 
  maybe if you 're gay , you go to a match and start kissing guys . 
  but then , good luck getting away with that in munich too warsaw is * safe * ... 
  it 's safer than almost every eu capital, 
  this is actually quite a good thing . 
  props !, 
  this was good . 
  but are you implying our administration is not user-friendly ? 
  like , what ? 
  you only need two trucks of paperwork and five weeks and 100 points for gryffindor to get a verification of your residence !, 
  the difference is that we have a huge responsibility for poland , but less so for ukraine . 
  yes , it is morally wrong to fuck with a european country , but it 's much worse to fuck with our eastern neighbour , with whom we have a bloody history , whose economy is so closely tied to ours , who are an eu member * due to our insistence * , who has 2 million people here , who had our back for eu decisions for a decade and when , on paper , they 're supposed to be the closest ally . 
  we 're like apple . 
  the only good thing about the fact that the war continued for so long is that some of them got killed . 
  not even my government tried to promote the country to refugees . 
  oh god , did he seriously try to promote his country ? 
  it does n't make the supply for * us * more secure . 
  our energy security is fine . 
  it makes it less secure for them , if we get it from another route . 
  because nord stream is a cunty thing , maybe they wanted to be the good guys this time ? 
  maybe they feel a degree of responsibility for their neighbors ? 
  so we 're leaving it in putin 's hands ? 
  you know , the current polish government can * seem * stupid sometimes , but they will not stop the gas for germany because of some small political crisis . 
  but putin can stop the gas to poland for a political crisis . 
  we all know he can and he would . 
  `` because everything bar letting them pass without papers , having them in germany and giving them a better life than our pensioners is a breach of human rights '', 
  no , i see being pro-eu , esp . 
  for a country like poland , a nice sign that this fucked-up union we 've gotten ourselves into will actually survive and amount to something significant - which in turn , will , of course , help prosperity in our countries,
