  you lose the protection the state gives and you are legally forced to testify against your husband . 
  if you have a kid from a previous marriage , your husband has no legal rights to adopt him or to be his legal guardian . 
  the polish state ( an eu member ) will ignore every single right that the french legal system ( another eu member ) gives to your `` marriage '' . 
  the problem is with 12 year olds . 
  i have n't heard of a case where a 17 year polish girl was not allowed to live in germany with her husband because she 's married . 
  no , it 's not . 
  i explain this above . 
  gay marriage is not a recognized in several countries . 
  if you are a swedish gay man and you have a husband , germany does not recognize you as married . 
  simple as that . 
  gay marriage is not legal in several european countries . 
  so if a french married gay couple exercise their free movement rights and move to , say , poland , the polish state will treat them like two independent individuals . 
  same logic in germany , austria or switzerland : two adults who love each-other , consented to their marriage which is legal in their countries , will not benefit from these countries ' systems like opposite-sex-spouses do . 
  if my country can discriminate against legally married adults from other neighbors , it can sure as hell discriminate against 12 year old brides sold into sexual slavery, 
  are you seriously saying that the police did n't hide behind `` but oh pc ! '', 
  to profit from that ring ? 
  not like the police there has no precedent of doing it or anything , nah ... 
  and there is also the regular headscarf that covers all the women 's hair , but not her face . 
  oh so you want to get married ? 
  good . 
  ( no congrats ) . 
  are you an adult ? 
  - yes , here 's my id . 
  good sir . 
  now please find the diary you kept when you first met your soon-to-be-wife , scan the page where you describe the first time you had sex , get it certified and bring it here in a white folder . 
  again , i referred to that website . 
  if you can provide an excel spreadsheet for me to calculate my net wage better , feel free . 
  a long answer :p ok , first of all , i was not an uni student . 
  second , most of the students do n't leave home during studies . 
  there are good unis everywhere and public transport is good . 
  my brother studied at lmu in munich and stayed home - we 're less than an hour away . 
  when he had an early exam or something like that , he 'd go one night prior and sleep at a friend , a couple of times he slept at a small hotel . 
  third , when the family can afford to support the student , they usually do . 
  that is the case with my sister ( yes , we are a big family ) . 
  she got accepted in heidelberg - the best uni for medicine in germany and she lives there . 
  she ca n't find the time to work enough to support herself , so the four of us ( me , my brother and my parents ) sent her a certain amount of money during the first two years . 
  now she earned a nice scholarship and she can cover her small fee , rent , bills , food and her going outs . 
  i just send her a 100 euro on special occasions when i know she might need the extra money . 
  fourth , what you 're talking about is bafoeg : all students are eligible for this , if they are citizens , eu citizens , lived here for 5 + years legally . 
  my sister applied too , but since all the four of us are employed , she only managed to get a very , very small amount ( ca n't remember how much right now ) . 
  the max is 670 euros/mo ( around 750 euros next year ) for students from poor families living away from home ( it may not be enough for many big cities , but a summer job providing supplementary income means it 's pretty manageable ) . 
  you pay it back when you start working with 0 % interest . 
  as for a normal loan , i do n't know anyone who 's taken one so i ca n't answer this . 
  working alongside school may be easier than somewhere else as lectures are almost never with compulsory attendance and many seminar teacher do n't bother much either . 
  however , there are courses that need full-time dedication so it 's hard to balance the two . 
  usually , people do n't work during their first year , which is the hardest , and then take part-time jobs . 
  for example , a cousin who is studying business informatics is on his second year and teaches german to refugees 6 or 8 hours a week . 
  fortunately , yes, 
  no where in europe . 
  maybe montenegro , i guess . 
  maybe . 
  according to this http://salarioliquido.com/?setlng=en i would get 36 more euros in portugal than i get here in germany at the end of the month . 
  annually , that 's 432 euro for 12 mo-payments . 
  not really . 
  more income taxes , but less on social contributions but it evens out . 
  but i understand how that would be downright impossible in germany . 
  i think the video may be slightly , slightly incorrect . 
  you should really search on your own . 
  uuuu , i used an `` on my building '' . 
  my bad , my bad . 
  well , not exactly , but there are like 4 or 5 families living on the third floor of a building that 's less than 60 seconds walking distance from my house , so yeah , i think i am more qualified to speak about `` mein dach '' . 
  what about you , what 's the last time you had a group of 20 + refugees less than 60 seconds away ? 
  what about dein dach ? 
  what do you mean , people do n't get thousands of euros per week and free prostitutes in europe for simply existing ? 
   german bureaucracy is insane . 
  ca n't argue with this . 
   what 's so between a spanish guy who escaped a lack of opportunity and this guy ? 
  can you not sympathise ? 
  let you tell me my sympathies . 
  i have a spanish girl at work . 
  master degree in a stem field . 
  she 's working her ass off , and after work , she also works at a coffee shop because she has to send some money to her parents in spain , support her student sister and save money for a better future . 
  i have nothing against having her here - she 's doing a job , paying taxes , respecting our laws and social norms , even bringing german desserts she cooked at home . 
  i also know about farms hiring hundreds of people from balkan countries . 
  they do n't pay taxes for them , but tbh , i do n't report them . 
  they come from impoverished countries where they ca n't find jobs , they 're doing jobs no one in this country accepts , they 're working their ass off all day , sending all their savings to their families , respecting all our laws , trying hard not to get noticed by the authorities . 
  yes , they 're working illegally , but fuck it . 
  if their kids future depends on this , they can stay . 
  our budget will do just fine with social contributions by some hundreds of minimum-wage workers . 
  this iraqi man is none of these cases . 
   these are all real concerns and could create conditions as bad as a war zone . 
  bureaucracy , cold people and `` bad '' food are as bad as bombs ? 
  hey guys , let 's go to syria !, 
   europe has a lot of opportunity and i can tell you that life is 10x more comfortable than some aspects of canadian life . 
  from what i 've seen of america , it 's probably at least 1000x times better . 
  yes , because we worked our ass off to get here where we are right now . 
  * we * as a society . 
   these guys thought they were coming to the land of opportunity , where they could work hard , make lots of money , and live rich like us . 
  then they found out it was all a bunch of lies and that they could n't just walk into a job or get free benefits without being a citizen . 
  they do get free benefits without being a citizen . 
  they do n't get to * vote * without being a citizen , but what can we do about it ? 
   they probably had to eat sp\u00e4tzle or kl\u00f6se or maybe even himmel und erd . 
  but , seriously , have you ever eaten in a german canteen ? 
  it 's a bunch of low quality food for a set price and i would n't eat it if it was free . 
  back in iraq or wherever , they 're probably eating meat from an actual animal , instead of some processed horse meat labelled as beef . 
  they 're eating fresh fruits and vegetables . 
  walk into rewe ( german supermarket ) and find me fresh fruits and vegetables . 
  you ca n't . 
  it 's all garbage . 
  you need to shop at the farmer 's market and foreigners might not know that .
