  i know , i read about that , i was just making a joke, 
  they were complaining about less than one million ? 
   italy oh well , we have an explanation . 
  or they ask for help to gain control in their country . 
  that guy is fun , it would be entertaining as hell . 
  imagine him vs gysi . 
  earporn . 
  yay , we can into military relevance !, 
  the problem with greece was created decades ago , and no one forced them to take a single cent back then . 
  it was their political choice * for decades * . 
  i was referring to mothers getting years calculated as they have paid contributions if they were caring for their kids at home, 
  i have been ... and for the 4th richest country on earth on paper , our infrastructure is horrible . 
  at least that will relieve them from those polish plumbers . 
  a ) again , that 's sth that germany ( and france ) has to address since it 's happening in german ( or french ) soil , instead of calling names . 
  b ) what the other guy was saying is that france ( and germany ) gets the short end of the stick * because * netherlands & etc are evil and do n't have military missions or whatever . 
  he 's blaming netherlands & co for economic problems in france and germany , the same way greece blamed germany for tax evasion taking place in greece . 
  * that is wrong * . 
  france and germany have taken the wrong course on many issues , including-but-not-limited to foreign policy , but esp . 
  when it comes to super high taxation , immigration , excessive regulation , digitization , excessive bureaucracy , swelled social spending , etc. 
  and we 're paying the price for that . 
  in the meanwhile , netherlands & co had more common sense in their governance - and are now reaping the benefits . 
  can we deal with problems in * our * countries before trying to find faults in others ? 
   they do n't have large populations to take care of . 
  oh , the famous r/shitamericanssay logic of more people per capita . 
  netherlands and ireland got their shit together , had some common sense and their economy is more functional than both mine & yours . 
  we have to solve our problems instead of bashing countries for trying to take care of themselves . 
   are you really sure about that ? 
  well , de maiziere may be an idiot but i doubt he 's outright lying when he talks about new arrivals  however , the reported numbers of daily arrivals do not match these numbers : the federal police reported 181 average daily arrivals for april , for july the federal police talked about 1300 people that arrived in bavaria ( which used to be the location for pretty much 90 % of the arrivals ) plus 750 via switzerland . 
  care to provide a source if you have time ? 
   the numbers published by the unhcr match this - the number of arrivals in greece stayed below 1,000 in the whole of july . 
  i know about those numbers , but they 've been wrong since practically forever . 
   this leaves two possible explanations : either , the people that are now being registered have already been in the country ( it is not uncommon that people went somewhere else before they had their appointment with their asylum officer because they want to be somehwere else ) that has nothing to do with easy though , there are separate data for that  or there are more people entering the country through ways we do not know . 
  i guess  we can say for sure that they are n't coming from greece however . 
  that 's debatable . 
  they are not coming from turkey to greece then immediately upstairs , but i think it 's fair to say that people stuck in greece for more than five months now might have crossed the border illegally ( macedonia/albania/bulgaria ) and then travelled up to germany . 
  and then there 's turkey - bulgaria , there 's italy , etc. 
  for example ? 
   a ) the macedonian border being closed pretty much ensures that there are no more people getting to the north 16000 in july , 17000 in june , etc and that 's just germany . 
   take whatever money was being sent to turkey and realize that austerity has failed to revive these economies . 
  yes , i am sure the secret to revive 4 trillions of euros of debt was this majestic 3 billion euros thingie . 
  who could have thought it was this easy . 
   catch and turn away people coming from north africa , the levant , and ionia . 
  turn them to where ? 
  as a greek , could you please explain to me how this better border protection is supposed to work for you ? 
  genuine q : * can * we do this ? 
  as in , do we have the technical capabilities and logistics , and political backing to do it ? 
  we already did that , it was a csu central electoral promise, 
  meh , we 've had low birthrates since forever and we have probably the best family benefits in europe . 
  it 's not a situation like in the us where crisis happened -  latinos lost their jobs -  condoms -  birthrate drops below 2,1 for the 1st time in history . 
  sure , there are economic factors in play , but the issue in germany or japan runs much deeper than that . 
  for small deposits , not really . 
  my company is a family-run sme , not a giant corporation . 
  high taxes horrible infrastructure and the endless trucks of paperwork you need for shit that only requires an internet connection in most of europe, 
  our infrastructure is pretty shit though , esp . 
  railways, 
  if db goes down , our entire banking system goes down so it really does n't matter much . 
  i use a different bank , but my company works with db and changing it has never been discussed because why bother . 
  the same frauke petry who was mimicking and making fun of de maiziere during a talkshow where both were invited because she did n't agree with him ? 
  the one who went in a sarcastic `` hahaha '' at least five times during the debate ? 
  yes , she sure is the one to lecture others on how respect between political opponents should work . 
  i am not saying `` everyone '' should respect it . 
  what i am saying is that * the chancellor * should not openly disrespect his citizens . 
  which is what gabriel just did . 
  however , there 's a difference that i forgot to make in my first comment and mentioned afterwards : it 's one thing to reply with the middle finger to political disagreements , and one thing to reply with the middle finger to personal insults . 
  the latter is , of course , acceptable , although i do n't like it . 
  regarding kkk , it would be a personal matter no ? 
  same as here with them mentioning his dad , which is what makes it somewhat acceptable . 
  and the last paragraph is what ultimately stops me from bashing siggy as a `` irresponsible , idiotic , childish bundle of fat '' . 
  normally , i would n't miss a chance to say those words . 
  and i 'll have to repeat myself - on a personal level , i understand him . 
  what i am saying is that it should be a political move , because comments here and elsewhere suggest that country leaders should , as a political decision , show fingers and insult their own citizens . 
  my reasoning is that the chancellor does n't get to pick and choose his citizens, 
   you are not required to to respect everyone of your braindead citizens as a chancellor yes , you are . 
  that 's apparently the point where we differ . 
  jens spahn , parliamentary secretary to the finance ministry has flirted with the idea . 
  the thing is , how do you separate physical stress from psychological stress ? 
  wearing masks , praising nazis and waving nazi banners does not mean they stop being german citizens , and to my best knowledge , we do n't strip people off their citizenship for being shitty people . 
  despite being a siggy hater , i think that this was a spontaneous reaction and i do n't blame him for doing it - he felt like he wanted to lift a finger , so he did . 
  who cares ? 
  the thing is , i have a problem with people celebrating it and saying `` stick it to them !!!, 
  when i know they 've voted for spd in the past elections . 
  it does n't matter what i - or you , or siggy - thinks of a bunch of criminal cunts in nazi masks or whatever : a chancellor is responsible for all people , and should not go around showing fingers to people for disagreeing with him . 
  even if they are neo-nazis , sharia police or whatever . 
  people are also getting older . 
  we 've been on a below 1,5 birthrate for 43 consecutive years , that 's a world record . 
  he 's also the son of a longtime nazi , so i 'm kind of understanding why he reacted that badly . 
  i am just saying he should n't do that if he wants to be seen as a chancellor alternative , but i am not bashing gabriel on a personal level for this . 
  it 's perfectly understandable . 
  am i the only one not happy with this ? 
  he 's running for chancellor next year ( probably ) . 
  they will be his citizens too ( if he wins . 
  which he wo n't ) . 
  you ca n't exactly go around giving fingers to your own citizens as a chancellor just because you disagree with them . 
  for some reason , i can not imagine merkel or steinmeier doing that . 
  edit : steinmeier , being respectful despite obviously losing his cool : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7d5hikz5wmw merkel , around 3:50 regarding people attacking the refugee bus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfm0lohk5lq, 
  i fully agree with the social budget but honestly , what could be cut first ? 
  the fuck is wrong with you . 
  :p turkish immigrants in germany are the worst group ( statistically ) when it comes to education , but on the other hand everyone loves medicine turkish students who come here as adults , saying they 're well-prepared and hardworking . 
  http://fusion.net/story/48952/americas-record-high-grad-rate-isnt-so-impressive/ english results from google , but it looks like a shit article . 
  it 's too late and i am lazy to check official sources , will do that tomorrow,
