  i would n't say the problem is with sermons , but with a law micro-managing how religious communities do their business . 
  so we 'll just need more people to produce robots ? 
  hedging done right . 
  i ca n't see csu not going nuts over a law that aims to micro-manage religious communities . 
  because a. csu will go nuts , and with good reason , if someone tries to force churches to do something , * anything * b. jews will go nuts , and with good reason , if we force them to speak german in their synagogues . 
  technically speaking , no reason for csu to be pissed , they can just apply the law to islam and not christianity . 
  anti-constitutional as fuck ? 
  ofcourse . 
  no refugee crisis for a year now 2 . 
  schulz effect 3 . 
  some of their leaders went full-on nazi in public, 
  not wanting eu to impose excessive regulation ? 
  a ) which should explain the huge jump from 11 % to 12 % last december after the terror attack b ) which should explain why they did exactly like polls predicted in the last four state elections , if not lower than predicted ( meck pomm , berlin ) . 
  the last state where afd overperformed polls was bw, 
  switzerland is in the schengen zone . 
  uk has never been . 
  the situation is a little reminiscent of the year 1957 , when the worn-out german chancellor konrad adenauer entered the election that year with the campaign slogan `` no experiments ! '' in light of the cold war and the prosperity that germany had achieved , the motto described change in government as a risk factor . 
  the strategy paid off . 
  his center-right christian democratic union gained an absolute majority for the first and last time . 
  looking today at angela merkel , you 'll see an analytically astute , industrious head of government with personal integrity . 
  but you also see someone who appears weary of her office . 
  in the upcoming federal elections , she must face martin schulz , who is rhetorically brilliant but inexperienced in domestic politics . 
  although just a year younger than ms. merkel , mr. schulz gives the impression of being fresh and youthful . 
  politicians can be divided into four basic types : the demagogue , the charismatic leader , the officeholder , and the statesman or woman . 
  demagogues appeal to the fears of the voters and conjure up horror scenarios only they can prevent from becoming reality . 
  fortunately , no demagogue has been able to gain a relevant position in government in the federal republic of germany . 
  his counterpart is the charismatic leader . 
  he also seizes on fear but attempts to convince voters that , thanks to the policies he 'll put in place , a better future lies ahead . 
  this is something willy brandt managed with his new ostpolitik at the end of the 1960s . 
  ms. merkel 's chances will get slimmer if the world becomes less turbulent in the coming months . 
  usually after the first term in office , when the hopes for a quick and positive change often evaporate , the politician who was elected as a charismatic leader usually morphs into the experienced incumbent in the fight for re-election . 
  such was the case with barack obama in 2012 or helmut kohl with in 1994 `` red socks campaign . '' this strategy aims at conveying a threat-free world to the voters in the case of a renewed mandate . 
  the statesman , on the other hand , places his own interests , or those of his party , in the background . 
  he wants to achieve what he deems to be right for the country . 
  in this sense , in germany , one can describe helmut schmidt and gerhard schr\u00f6der as statesmen : mr. schmidt , because of the nato double-track decision , and mr. schr\u00f6der because of his agenda 2010 package of labor market and welfare reforms . 
  ever since selecting mr. schulz 's selection to be their chancellor candidate , the social democrats ( spd ) have been rapidly gaining favor with the voters . 
  as a charismatic leader , mr. schulz is credible when he espouses the old party promises of justice and equality , the redistribution of income and wealth , better social benefits , working with the trade unions , and increasing the number of well-paid , permanent full-time jobs . 
  with that , he seems to be tapping into the widespread longing for the good old days when fears of being left behind and social decline were unfounded ; a time when globalization and digitization were both foreign words . 
  many of mr. schulz 's fans apparently see this retrospective approach as the better future . 
  with his vague `` back to the past '' strategy , mr. schulz will likely have wind in his sails as long as the overall economic situation remains positive ; and as long as he can credibly convey that his agenda of correcting mistakes will only produce winners and no real losers . 
  the conservative alliance of christian democrats and their bavarian sister party , the christian social union , will focus on the successes of their incumbent in coping with the financial crisis , the euro crisis and the ukraine crisis . 
  subliminal fears of a new geopolitical crisis are most likely to be stoked , implying that the better choice would be a crisis manager such as chancellor merkel , a leader empowered by a long history of negotiations . 
  but ms. merkel 's chances will become slimmer if the world becomes less turbulent in the coming months . 
  that is , if mr. trump and turkish president recep tayyip erdogan calm down , russian president vladimir putin surpresses his craving to expand russian territory , marine le pen fails in her presidential bid in france and greece continues to be financed noiselessly . 
  only then will mr. schulz be able to emphasize germany 's economic situation and credibly promise new benefits . 
  the crucial centrist voters , however , will more likely lean toward ms. merkel if there are any attacks that threaten security . 
  or if western values like liberal democracy , the rule of law , freedom of the press , individualism , tolerance , and open borders are questioned by politicians like mr. trump , mr. erdogan or mr. putin . 
  or if the german business model of export-driven growth comes under fire . 
  for many , ms. merkel is considered to be the world 's most important and influential representative of these values . 
  if she manages to stand up to politicians like mr. trump , or if her skills as a level-headed crisis manager are needed , ms. merkel 's chances of securing a fourth term increase . 
  in turbulent times that adversely affect germany 's sense of comfort , many voters would tend to trust ms. merkel more than mr. schulz . 
  the latter is selling himself as the newcomer . 
  but sometimes , citizens are n't looking for experiments . 
  it would n't be the first election in which an external threat helped the government hold on to power . 
  in that sense , it is likely that ms. merkel is secretly pleased about mr. trump 's verbal attacks on germany . 
  now , may god help us all . 
  how has kraft a chance of becoming chancellor ? 
  she 's done a bad job in nrw . 
  laschet is * boring *, 
  who cares ? 
  political agreements like these are no campaign material , period , regardless of how much the media likes schulz . 
  while i ca n't , for the love of god , understand why nrw will go for kraft again , i know it probably will . 
  but sh is n't a safe win . . we do n't even have enough data to comment on it by this time . 
  they left cdu for moving to the left , went to afd , and now are going to spd because spd is moving to the left . 
  so . . smart . 
  yeah , fuck the people of saarland because they did n't want a leftist state government . 
  because that has worked out soooo well for berlin and nrw and bremen and whatnot . 
  god forbid someone wants to stay in the club of bayern , bw ( conservatives there too ) and hessen . 
  the clear majority has been pro-gay-marriage for more than a decade now . 
   yeah but nobody remembers that i trust my fellow voters to be grownups . 
  the big divide between the left and the right is exactly economics . 
  other positions often differ between countries and parties . 
  the american president donald trump has congratulated german chancellor angela merkel for her electoral victory in saarland . 
  on monday evening , a government spokesperson confirmed that he had called the chancellor during the day . 
  a phonecall by the american president for regional elections is considered very unusual . 
  spd can promise whatever they want to their voters . 
  but when you sit down for a government framework agreement , you respect it until the last day , instead of going full nuts 9 months before the next elections . 
  i am pro-gay-marriage , but spd agreed to no legalization in 2013 . 
  ca n't see why they 're so keen on making themselves look like toddlers . 
  wait until october , i 'm sure the next legislature will legalize it . 
  thing is , if someone reported that merkel had handed trump an invoice , no one would have believed it . 
  `` einigkeit und recht und freiheit '' is often used for `` pc-patriotism '' ( think merkel during ceremonies ) . 
  i 've heard some people use `` schwarz-rot-gold '' recently, 
  die nationalmannschaft * fuck that stupid marketing dfb ploy . 
  cheering for our nt will do the job , thank you . 
  getting spd out of office , since all problems in nrw can be tracked back to their governance ? 
  that 's exactly what he told you . 
  technically speaking , things * objectively * do n't look good in nrw . 
  but i was talking from the center-right side of politics there , 
  someone call tauber !, 
  unlike some other countries , we have grownups in government . 
  and our chancellor can barely change the desk in her office without going through parliament approval . 
  we 're being naive about being friends with russia ? 
  our chancellor had to practically force half of the union for the sanctions . 
  well , we do n't exactly sell whole wheat pasta or socks you buy every week you know . 
  the french reaaaaally masterminded that one `` give up on d-mark !, 
  get the euro and we 'll compete on the same basis , and finally the german economy will crash down once they lose that magnificient d-mark '' `` fuck this shit , we got ta get the biggest net exporter in the world . 
  easy-peasy '' . 
  they should despise a rrg coalition more no ? 
  it will still be a big coalition tho , green + fdp not getting in .
