  for one thing , they 'd freeze . 
  oooo . 
  i had never heard that . 
  you can have us again . 
  worked out pretty well last time . 
  we 're moving in that direction though . 
  as long as france do n't suddenly decide to intervene in some other african country , we got their back for all `` peacekeeping '' missions . 
  we want to be more active ... and since we ca n't do that openly because reasons , the `` france needs our help '' is a good enough justification . 
  we armed you and eventually saved your ass . 
  not this shit again , russia . 
  but clothes are cheaper in netherlands ... 
  they mostly do it fo household stuff and alcohol, 
  discounters , alcohol , tobbaco are all super-cheap . 
  however , `` regular '' supermarkets in netherlands have the same level , and their vegetables and fruits are definitely cheaper than ours . 
  or us , for that matter, 
  not really . 
  israel ( or foreign policy other than immigration ) is not an electoral topic here at all . 
  things like russia vs the us are political views , but positions have changed so much during the last years due to crimea that no one really cares to predict the future - they definitely will not be a talking point next year , because most of people do n't vote based on how the government will respond to putin 's new experiments . 
  as for general foreign policy ... we strongly supported poland & co into eu . 
  we support further integration with eu countries . 
  we want to help balkans get their shit together . 
  we should stay the fuck out of other continents . 
  we should not fight with the us . 
  we do n't want a brexit . 
  poverty is bad , trade is good , japan is cool . 
  these are stances that 90 % of the country agrees on , and no one sees a reason why they should be debated . 
  and israel ... why bother talking about them ? 
  we all agree that their gov is doing some shitty stuff , but our past means we ca n't really lecture them on how they should defend themselves . 
  now , maybe there are a couple of politicians that deviate from this stance , but i could n't care any less, 
  can you even find it in a map ? 
  i say we invite them to join the eu , then send them letters about vodka regulations . 
  `` who beats you , loves you '' that 's a saying in romania or bulgaria , ca n't remember, 
  let me find you some debts to pay back . 
  it 's not an expensive or lengthy process in turkey . 
  i have a friend who went through that last year , and preparing the paperwork for the german office was harder than just getting a piece of paper in izmir . 
  or just tough laws & lengthy procedures for naturalization ? 
  that 's our explanation , and i am quite surprised by the dutch number . 
  i 'd be fine with that . 
  our poles have calmed down considerably since the ' 90 . 
  the guy was convicted . 
  you can compare breivik to the frankfurt shooter ( idiot inspired by youtube videos of rapes to shoot american soldiers ) , but not to this guy ( convicted ), 
   `` home '', 
  literally no one really cares from what i gathered . 
  hollande is not a homophobe , he pushed for gay marriage , he is just a guy who made a stupid , technical mistake ( or maybe some intern who wrote this did ) . 
  also known as `` our babies '', 
  wait , it * is n't * the best ? 
  their rhetoric towards us is atrocious, 
  that was sch\u00e4uble 's plan for greece . 
  call the man crazy , it would still be a better outcome than the current mess . 
  e-citizenship ? 
  our administration does n't even know that internet exists, 
  i think the difference is that in eastern states , corruption is more widespread , while in the western part it 's mostly high-level . 
  so we get scandals like the airport , while you have to pay to visit someone in hospital ( the story told to me by a waiter when i was in tirana ), 
  it 's not our fault either . 
  it 's not our fault they ca n't secure their border . 
  it 's not our fault they ca n't behave responsibly for their budget . 
  however , as a eu leader we have to put all our influence behind a solution that helps them . 
  as an-eu-leader-aspirer , poland would normally have to do the same . 
  because , see , there 's no way out of this union . 
  we 're stuck in the same thing . 
  we did n't mess with iraq and neither did sweden . 
  fischer specifically said that one day , iraq will blow up and we , europe , will have to deal with the consequences . 
  that too is part of the `` we both hate foreigners , got your back buddy '' . 
  you think they will continue to support each-other through treaty of lisbon when the interests of one of them are touched ? 
  you think orban will support poland 's stance against russia ? 
  you think czechs will throw themselves under the bus when the matter does n't concern them although their economy and state is tied closer to germany than any of the v4 states ? 
  you think poles would refrain from shitting on hungary if it puts them in a strong position ? 
  how naive . 
  or , their geographical position makes them rivals between each-other just like it happened for the last centuries bar the last 8 months , and once this mess is sorted , they 'll go back to bashing each-other and trying to earn points . 
  i 'll sit here and wait until they run over each-other for some eailway contract . 
  schr\u00f6der 's doing fine , thank you for asking . 
  not that it has anything to do with 2016 . 
  if merkel did half the things orban does , she 'd be branded a russian secret agent slut by our eastern neighbor whole media . 
  political block when it comes to immigration , sure . 
  just tell me one other thing they agree on . 
  just one . 
  for god 's sake , even if hungary does some bullying sometimes , orban is sucking putin 's dick from far away while anti-russian-ism would be sth that could unite them . 
  they 've acted like a bunch of satellite countries that compete with each other for attention and try to kick each other down for too long to be taken seriously . 
  amazing people , shit politicians . 
  what the flying fuck for god 's sake , have you heard about greece ? 
  a fellow eu member ? 
  all that the macedonian border closure achieved was turning greece into a giant migrant camp . 
  yes , i am happy that for some days , we got a very low number of immigrants/refugees because of the macedonian border closure , however , as the biggest player of eu we have a responsibility towards greece and i do n't want my government to fuck over greece for the 127th time and this time , push them to civil chaos . 
  juncker 's idea was perfect for german interests , i agree . 
  however , you ca n't have an eu-wide solution by throwing a member under the bus . 
  i do n't think merkel or whoever her successor will be gives a flying crap about someone 's views on illegal immigration . 
  there 's nothing to suggest that the way the us handles its domestic affairs affects how we handle our domestic affairs , in any way . 
  and if your presidential elections affect germany in any way , it will be if trump wins because then some afd voters might distance themselves from that kind of mentality . 
  there are good guys among afd voters - `` concerned citizens '' , if you will - that might be worried about how the refugee crisis is managed , but will probably vomit when the president of the us of a will keep saying that germany is a destroyed shithole . 
  but we sent several hundreds of thousands of bosnians back home so ... 
  anyway , this is a different situation . 
  bosnia would n't stay a perpetual warzone . 
  for god 's sake of-fucking-course i do n't need ac for five hot and very dry days in bavaria . 
  if it 's too hot to sleep in my place , i can just sleep at my parents ' basement for some nights . 
  it 's perfectly doable during the day . 
  i went to athens two years ago , and being outside for more than half an hour was torture . 
  i kept my ac on and off during the night because it was simply unbearable . 
  at some point , i could feel the rubber on my sandal sticking on the ground . 
  you needed water , showers , ac , ice-cream , and continuos breaks . 
  if you live outside the big cities , someplace where there 's still normal wind and not much pollution , opening the window like 2pm is amazing for the room temperature .
