  and how many who drive trucks ? 
  and i picked the most stupid example possible what about my mom working part-time to take care of us when we were toddlers ? 
  recently . 
  up until the last crisis , france had a bigger total muslim population . 
  it 's always better to be on good terms with your neighbours if you 'll have to ask him to stop making so much noise during sex . 
  you are all just little cute swabians . 
  and what the guy is saying is that there is no reason whatsoever why a woman should make that choice and that it is entirely unnatural in germany . 
  again , do n't use `` let '' . 
  these women are mostly working illegally . 
  we do n't give working visas to ukraine prostitutes . 
  you belong to us !, 
  this is a very mean thing to say , but i am sure some of them were very happy to be assigned this job instead of arresting some boring drug dealer . 
  the whole industry would collapse , plus a good portion of these girls are working illegally anyway , it 's not like our state gives working visas for selling sex . 
  you can save them ( which the german gov does n't do , but that 's another topic ) , but you ca n't save their families in moldova . 
  a simple `` run away & my buddy will rape your little sister '' goes a long way, 
  tbh , most of your politicians are shit so it 's no big competition . 
  let 's be honest though , it 's not like the political landscape is really good here either . 
  and let 's be honest , our big ally and land of the free is becoming a global joke with these elections . 
  do n't know as i ca n't even remember the last time they had to go through this and it was n't controversial at all ( it was some swiss guy ) . 
  i think de maiziere , maas , steinmeier & merkel . 
  faz always made sense . 
  i like it . 
  steinmeier was against prosecution and said this particular matter should be decided by the government . 
  the 3 +1 commission had a 2/2 vote . 
  the cabinet was split so it was merkel 's decision to go ahead . 
  if everyone else was against prosecuting , she would n't dare to allow it . 
  hey can you send that to me too ? 
  thanks . 
  for a second i thought i might be up for it . 
  then i read cameron . 
  what about spiegel changing their stance twice ? 
  have n't you heard about potatoes ? 
  and bosnia is a perfectly safe country nowadays , not a me shithole . 
  we can into benelux !, 
  not to mention the poles, 
  they know nothing , 
  eighty million around here . 
  up your game italia !, 
  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  her personal views on a law article mean nothing compared to her political decisions . 
  and her political decision was bowing down to an autocratic childish idiot . 
  lunch break and i am staying on twitter . 
  i declare the massive shirt-storm on social media : opened !, 
  despite it being legally her job . 
  prosecution allowed . 
  sorry , my terrible english tends to get worse after midnight . 
  all eu citizens are supposed to be given preference to foreigners . 
  bundesbank . 
  the german birthrate has been below 1,5 for four decades . 
  how did immigration 4 decades ago affect that ? 
  that 's technically illegal as we speak . 
  did you seriously say germans will leave germany because of a refugee crisis ? 
  are you trolling ? 
  and you have a very weird definition of immigration . 
  i ca n't think of a century when that definition was real . 
  even if they are to return , it 's still a better thing if they actually do sth when they stay here instead of hanging around parks in crowds , like they do right now . 
  and if they are qualified and can find & hold a professional job in a field we need people , maybe they should be allowed to stay ? 
  because i know how hard it is for someone to come from another country , not speaking the language , go through all the hops , battle prejudices and settle well in germany . 
  if they manage that , they are good enough to stay . 
  it 's also not the historical homeland of poles or spaniards . 
  your point is entirely on another level , i was commenting on labor market preferences , not integration vs assimilation vs massive deportations to a warzone . 
  the same it did prior to the euro i guess , we 'll also in a much better position right now . 
  plus , it drives up wages which drives up consumption . 
  we get to set our own interest rates and the monetary policy will be decided by the bundesbank , a more stable , credible and trustful institution than the ecb . 
  sorry , i did n't notice it . 
  go and ask at r/germany i am not being arrogant , just getting you used to the horrendous german bureaucracy . 
  go the right office , provide the necessary information ( as in , what visa ? 
  you 're not staying here illegally ) and make sure your question is clear . 
  sch\u00e4uble monetary policies ? 
  what ? 
  he does n't decide monetary policies . 
  the ecb does , and ecb is doing the exact opposite of what sch\u00e4uble is publicly asking for . 
  is n't that law a stupid thing anyway ? 
  for god 's sake , we all know a native is given advantage against another eu citizen , and a pole/spaniard over a turks and so on . 
   quotas on number of jews admited to universities - which btw is very funny because it was motivated exactly the same way now `` positive discrimination '' is motivated in usa - less poles were smart enough to get to university relatively to their percentages in society , so we have to do sth  shit why were n't we taught about this ? 
  and the us did whatever it did for the us , like everyone else . 
  and poland is profiting from us doing what fits us , same way germany ( and france ) profited from us doing what fitted them . 
  did you mention efficiency ? 
  it 's more efficient for the ecb to employ a certified translator than for all german banks to employ a certified translator . 
  the `` documentation made for ecb '' is not in vain , it 's also studied and analyzed by cfos/coos/ceos / cbos/risk analysts/board members/whatever . 
  there is no reason why all of them should be forced to learn high-level english simply to appease this portugese gentleman who ( rightfully ) does n't want to learn high-level german . 
  and it 's * commerzbank . 
  old jokes are funny . 
  have an upvote . 
  that was tried after wwi and it * did n't exactly work out *, 
  they either `` assimilate '' or stay segregated - multiculturalism does n't work . 
  and marshall plan was n't charity either, 
  wait , wait our domestic banks should switch their entire operations ' language to a foreign language to prevent ecb translations ? 
  that 's not how efficiency works . 
  german tax money building roads in poland with french companies who are cheaper than polish companies , while employing poles and paying taxes to your budget ... you wan na complain about that ? 
  how about we switch places . 
  literally no one says we deserved it , however , we put it into good use did n't we ? 
  or you could say we 're paying it back when 1/4 of polish exports come here , over 10 million europeans ( not counting turkey ) work here , highest net contributor to the eu budget and the only big economy not to go downhill during the crisis . 
  so your story is a natonal representative but his story is an anecdote ? 
  from my experience now : stories i 've heard from poland are more similar to his story . 
  people who grew up in horrendous conditions and then opened their businesses and are employing people and helping your economy . 
  people who were denied a diploma for political reasons , got back to school , got it and are now well-respected professionals in their field . 
  yes , this is correct . 
  i did n't know it was lengthened to 18 months . 
  first of all , eu does n't have a continental immigration policy .
