  my brother stayed two weeks in israel during his uni years . 
  gov-sponsored ( as in , hotel and transport was covered , he covered the rest ) program , visited some unis there & stuff . 
  he loved it . 
  he liked the country , the food , the schools . 
  he did n't run into any problems , despite being in a group of 20-year olds who spoke german loudly when wandering around the city . 
  he also says he did n't feel any kind of animosity , let alone a safety threat because of his nationality in any moment and that everyone was respectful during their stay . 
  we 're allied with saudi arabia ? 
   i took a nap and dreamt i was visiting all the lidls in lithuania with heavenly music playing in the background , and it was fucking awesome . 
  oh god , you 've really taken this to the heart . 
  we get most of the cheap stuff from hungary & poland , lol, 
  same business model , different brother, 
  rewe is not `` high-priced '' . 
  it 's slightly pricier than aldi when it comes to vegetables & dairy , but it 's still pretty cheap . 
  poland is really cheap for food though . 
  like really , * really * cheap . 
  carrefour-brand fruit juice was good when i tried it . 
  time to move to lithuania . 
  i second this . 
  i get most of my stuff at aldi . 
  same quality , lower prices , less time spent wandering around . 
  i 'd rather `` splurge '' on lindt than peanut butter , thank you very much . 
  congrats guys . 
  and your lidl looks better than any lidl i 've ever visited , in my life . 
  it takes one to know one . 
  we wanted to do that last summer , but did n't find the time because of the refugee crisis . 
  so we 're doing it in june 2016 , weeks before the `` promise '' for turkish visas is broken . 
  this is the exact worst moment we could do it in our entire national history , but i am still happy we passed this . 
   checks flair, 
   \u00d6zdemir he 's a very good guy . 
  an example for every politician , and esp . 
  for those with immigrant backgrounds . 
  why in hell does she hold that office is beyond me . 
  thanks guys , we appreciate the effort & honesty . 
  what war ? 
  the syrian war ? 
  and then another war in the region will start oh , and they have one of the biggest armies in the world and like the 15th biggest economy or sth and a strategic approach to the balkan region and a nato member and bosporus, 
  oooo so sad , i can drive the ambassador to the airport if he ca n't drive himself . 
  tbh , other germans ca n't understand the local dialect anyway . 
  the guy might have a point on that . 
  it makes the news when it happens in germany rapes during coachella & similar events do n't make it to the top of r/worldnews , although there 's more heightened security in those , ticket fees , etc. 
   the reporting ratio would be a lot higher . 
  in d\u00fcsseldorf , one of the reported cases was about this young girl who was asked a kiss to enter a bar free of charge how much of an idiot does one have to be to report that as a sexual assault * during fucking karneval *, 
  i call this bullshit . 
  with all due respect , i think you either are lying or have an interesting definition of sexual violence sexual violence as in catcalling ? 
  almost all my friends have been through that . 
  no one died . 
  sexual violence as in butt-grabing in a club ? 
  some have been through that sexual violence as in rape ? 
  none , or at least none have told me anything . 
  they have n't really dropped the big coalition below 50 % . 
  ever . 
  and we can both agree that for both cdu/csu & spd , they have never dropped lower than right now . 
  the unemployment rate ** is ** going down . 
  the problem is that when you start at 25 % , even a drop by 5 percentage points does n't look good . 
  there 's one thing we can brag about , and they beat us at it . 
  god . 
  now you know the feeling . 
  czechs . 
  it was meant to be a joke . 
  i do n't really care about the religion of people i see in the street . 
  if you count only those who self-declared as russians when they entered the country . 
  however , there are a lot of those who invented a helmut granddad who changed his name for political purposes in the early ' 90 . 
  i know someone in that position , and they technically count as germans . 
  good thing our local administration does n't spy on their facebook when our respective national teams plays . 
  shit , you ca n't even recognize those in the street . 
  they look just like poles . 
  `` brownies taking our jerbs '' turns into `` whities taking our beaches '', 
  ** there is a cunt that fucking dared to insult alaba ? 
  our alaba ??? 
  you mean , some intern at their headquarters probably follows boateng on instagram and informed gauland of that . 
  integrated ? 
  boateng simply has a black dad . 
  he grew up in berlin with his mom , and he probably never in his life visited ghana . 
  he 's as german as it gets , but he 's black , so * of-fucking-course * gauland targeted him . 
  there is a reason why none of our self-respecting newspapers are bothering with a non-story of a bunch of adults celebrating their graduation with strippers . 
  who cares ? 
  who cares ? 
  our education system has bigger issues than adults enjoying a lap dance by another adult in a perfectly safe setting . 
  fun fact : i only learned about this through reddit . 
  all media portals that i bother to check did n't report on it . 
  they were united once in our lifetime . 
  the rest of the time , they were throwing bananas at each-other . 
  they can be very powerful if they act as a united block . 
  most of the time , they 're too busy picking stupid fights with each-other to fight with russia . 
  plus , you get hungary , bulgarua & czech republic that wo n't push the same rhetoric that pis does because of special interests . 
  i have one literally 90 seconds away from home . 
  and dresden is still so cheap it makes your head twirl, 
  does smuggling ukrainians to work in the fields count ? 
  shit you 're fucking expensive . 
  it 's around 1/3 of that here . 
  just buy them on the afternoon when the lady who sells them is too lazy to carry them home . 
  ** then do n't fucking buy a motorcycle you 'll never need with money you do n't have **, 
  if you think that greece will pay back a penny if that would be the condition ... we do n't live in the same continent . 
  how can warsaw be more expensive than berlin ? 
  i have a friend who lived in a very nice neighborhood , in a studio apartment , paying 400 euros . 
  worse , but at this point no one thinks they 'll ever pay it back anyway so i guess options are limited . 
  i am not a journalist , the name is a long story, 
  and bellen it is !!!!!!!!!!!, 
  these elections worried me . 
  congrats little austria !,
