  terrorist attacks elsewhere in europe are gradually leading germany to change its leery stance towards aggressive security and surveillance policies , rooted in its historical experiences of totalitarian nazism and communism . 
  `` a few years ago , i would still have called germany a pacifist country , '' said karl-heinz kamp , president of the federal academy for security policy in berlin . 
  recent crises `` have made foreign-policy and security issues part of dinner-table conversation again '' . 
  the government plans to spend an extra $ 2 billion ( $ 2.3 billion ) on internal security between 2017 and 2020 , adding 3,000 officers to the over 30,000-strong federal police force . 
  the bnd and its domestic intelligence counterpart , the bundesamt f\u00fcr verfassungsschutz ( bfv ) , will get an additional $ 30m in funding this year ; their budgets have grown by half since 2010 . 
  after nine years of political and legal wrangling , germany adopted data-retention rules in october . 
  last summer the country was in an uproar over its intelligence services ' sharing of data with american agencies ; since the brussels attacks angela merkel , the chancellor , has been calling for even more co-operation . 
  in fact germany has as much reason to fear terrorism as britain , spain , france or belgium . 
  the bfv counts about 8,650 ultra-conservative salafist muslims in germany . 
  at least 800 young people have left to fight in syria , of which around 260 have returned . 
  in all , security services reckon about 500 potentially dangerous islamist radicals live in the country . 
  a steady drumbeat of incidents has raised fears that something worse could be coming . 
  salah abdeslam , a participant in the paris attacks whose arrest seems to have touched off the march 22nd bombings in brussels , reportedly met with collaborators in ulm , a german city , in october . 
  in february a teenage salafist in hanover stabbed a policeman in the neck . 
  a resident of suburban frankfurt with salafist connections was arrested for allegedly planning to pipe-bomb a bicycle race . 
  social angst has risen accordingly . 
  between january 2015 and january 2016 , the proportion of respondents worried about an attack on german soil rose from 45 % to 68 % , according to a survey by infratest dimap , a pollster . 
  an attack in another country that was planned in germany ( like the september 11th attacks , which were hatched largely in hamburg ) could also cause political fallout . 
  but the most worrying possibility would be a terrorist incident linked to the 1.2 m mainly middle eastern refugees who have arrived in germany since the start of 2015 . 
  the bfv warned in late february that it had received about 300 reports of jihadists among the migrants . 
  the tips have generally proved to be duds . 
  if one turns out to be live , the consequences could be dramatic . 
  germany 's refugee politics are already explosive enough . 
  my bad, 
  2004 baby , 
  bears and wolves , of course . 
  they do n't pay it right ? 
  it 's not like they subtract it from the hartz iv payment . 
  shhhtt !, 
  fuck this is brilliant :d, 
  even in that case ... you really have to broaden the definition of `` no-go-zone '' for that to be true . 
  i say we add hungarian and slovakian roma ghettos . 
  then , we get there . 
  yay . 
  neuk\u00f6lln is love < 3, 
   no go zones do n't exist and all the syrians settling in germany are doctors and lawyers i ca n't think of a single no-go zone in germany yet , if marseille & molenbeek are the standard . 
  maybe neighborhoods where you 'll get bad looks or roads where you should n't vent around eating a sandwich during ramadan , yes , 3 or 4 , but nothing like french or swedish suburbs or molenbeek . 
  can he at least provide at map ? 
  i know of 5-6 zones in western europe i know i should n't visit , but looks like i have to update my list with 894 other places . 
  since2006 *, 
  they could go and buy a sim card in a country that does n't require an id . 
  are they worried about roaming fees or what ? 
  she has n't blowed up anything yet despite studying literally twenty kilometres away from a concentration camp . 
   of course france has a problem with its unions and rigid labour laws but germany leaving the euro ( or the currency being abandoned altogether ) would help virtually every other country within it . 
  and why should we do it ? 
  this euro thing was a french idea , hold them accountable for problems in southern europe , not our car companies and if we leave , we 're taking netherlands , slovakia and austria with us . 
  then france can take care of the greek debt all they want . 
  what a sweetheart / s, 
  by `` dabrowski '' as `` by the song '', 
  and the writer was inspired by dabrowski to compose ` hej slaveni '', 
  it 's a huge fuckup . 
  it would make much more sense to provide half of that unconditionally and then provide the rest , even housing for different conditions - say , if you apply to a bigger number of jobs or volunteer or whatever . 
  this `` i 'll subtract fifty euros because your grown-up , married son bought a car '' is a huge scam / u/zaungast our main welfare cash benefit . 
  you get it after 12mo of unemployment benefits if you have n't found a job , long term unemployed and other cases . 
  for a single person living on his own it 's 400 euros + housing + heating , there are different rates for kids , couples , etc and it also depends on your assets , savings , behavior , etc. 
  it 's a giant headache of epic proportions . 
  it 's very easy to be enforced once everyone is identified : you pay their rent directly , thus preventing them from moving somewhere else unless they have proof of a job . 
  our deportation services may be shit , but our hartz iv officers are continental legends when it comes to being insufferable pricks . 
  i do n't care either way , feel free to express your opinion on threads concerning merkel . 
  first thing : chances are , exchange schemes will continue to exist , especially in your field . 
  personally i encourage you to take a year or two and work abroad and if germany is your choice , i encourage you to take it too . 
  we wo n't mock and bully you , promise , 
  the polish ? 
  it 's rhythmic not the usual depressing stuff , i can sing it and the story is quite nice - reflects their history . 
  / u/oblio - was talking about romanian immigrants . 
  if you want to talk about the current crisis of asylum seekers , please do it in another thread instead of using another country 's gdp post to bash politicians you dislike . 
  cool then , we 'll have a romanian il padrino shot in duisburg . 
  yes , but what i say below is that for a position that pays 50,000 in berlin or munich , you 'd get much more in the us, 
   this is a big issue with all the it-expats , we all stay for too long in our english-speaking bubble . 
  yes , i 've heard that ( brother works with software stuff ) . 
  well , i hope you have settled in nicely and like it, 
  and you 're getting factories of car parts , for example ( i just mentioned the last thing i was told about when it comes to german businesses in romania ) and * some * of your business contacts are not ... very keen on legal business . 
  the guys that spain sent are almost universally cool from my experience . 
  i am glad to hear good words then . 
  for how long have you been in berlin ? 
  you speak english at work ? 
  eastern states :p, 
  on the other hand , people who have moved from germany up north and to the uk/us earn much , * much * more . 
  : / but yes , i agree . 
  if you actually manage to find a place to stay , berlin is pretty cheap there is great demand for programmers here ( bavaria ) and for some positions there are simply no options . 
  it 's not a matter of paying a higher wage - it 's just that every german who has the qualifications is already employed in a top , top position at bmw or sth . 
  yes , but since zara only employs a limited number of people in spain , the money does n't really `` trickle down '' . 
  do n't we have a huge stone in those adidas sneakers too though ? 
  good thing we 're getting all these asyl ... oh wait . 
  i only visited it once and would go to spain if given the chance for a few years . 
  on the other hand , it will help your economy when the influx of new workers are well-educated , have experience in other cultures and important business contacts in other eu countries, 
  when unemployment in spain will fall significantly , it will actually hit us as many spaniards here are working and actually having good jobs in fields of high expertise . 
  i have a spanish it girl at work and she 's very honest about wanting to go back home when things get better . 
  `` we 'll make a wind generator and make turkey pay for it '', 
  the `` big '' damage again , belittling my comment wo n't make you understand anything . 
  feel free to visit a bundesliga match and analyze whether a bomb would only cause casualties when it explodes . 
  brutal ? 
  that 's business as usual, 
  yes , `` measures '' have been taken - that 's why every german stadium allows a smaller number of fans for european matches than for domestic matches . 
  that 's exactly what i said . 
  i mentioned hillsborough because in such a situation , the damage would n't be caused by the bomb itself , but by the masses of people trying to escape, 
  again , hillsborough do i need to tell you that our stadiums operate with low security measures ? 
  allianz arena : 75.000 for domestic matches , 69.000 for cl matches . 
  bundesliga has packed stadiums in a scale you ca n't think of before attending a match, 
  french citizen * potato , potato , it does n't change a thing .
