  it would mean around 2,2 million , which is below the number of turks + kurds we have . 
  i understand that a portion of them are non-religious , but more than half would have to be non-religious , assuming that arabs + afghans have 100 % religious rates ( not very far from the truth ) . 
  and you got iran & bosnia & russian minorities on top of that . 
  we 're already at around 20 % with `` immigration background '' and have been on that number for at least since 2011 i think, 
  the `` crisis '' was in 2015 , 2016 has been more or less the same numbers as 2013/2014 . 
  his `` vision '' brought us this fucked up situation with the $ . 
  i 'll keep blind merkel instead thankyouverymuch . 
  countries grow the fuck up ? 
   this is not about germany paying greece 's debts . 
  yes it is because greece wo n't be able to pay them back . 
  there 's a reason why we 're against this , and it 's not because we do n't like how it sounds . 
  tl ; dr the guy does n't want t be taken seriously on this side of the border . 
  cool . 
  we dealt with two like him , we 'll manage to deal with him too . 
  he can promise common debt in his 2022 campaign if he wants to . 
  so either reform or go bust ? 
  please do n't do this for germany , please do n't do this for germany ... 
  weird . 
  we always use 1,2 for our region when we talk about it, 
  even in turkey there are apparently issues with this , as most of the western part has a rate of below 1,3 while kurds are the ones with 4 + kids, 
  and you can shove your atheism up your ass . 
  i do n't care about your religious views . 
  at all . 
  got it ? 
  so , `` god with you '' should be perfectly acceptable no ? 
  we only have term limits for the office of the president . 
  we do n't vote directly for chancellor candidates . 
   when did russia try to expand into the eu geographically ? 
  why do you think we 're piling up people in estonia ? 
  politically ? 
  brexit , le pen , orban , tsipras , etc. 
   when did they interfere in our elections ? 
  in germany they did , and will do even more in 2017 . 
  now , i put in parentheses in order to quote the guy, 
  they would never put \u00d6zdemir as chancellor tho . 
  i like the guy , but wo n't happen . 
  i meant , i did n't know the guy existed . 
  i was explaining why i ca n't give a definite answer . 
  fillon is catholic , so we can say that for our secular little neighbor . 
  exactly what i said no ? 
  not really , why would you say that ? 
   we are both opposed to an expansionist fascistic islamic caliphate conquering the middle east and looking to expand north and west . 
  ok i 'm in no way trying to say that putin = isis , ** but ** we as europe should be opposed to an expansionist fascistic russian guy conquering their neighbors & looking to expand into eu member states , * and messing with our elections on top of that *, 
   merkel does n't really want to talk with putin merkel wants to talk to putin , and talking to putin is fine . 
  * trusting * putin and cooperating with them in the expense of his neighbors is not . 
  but he was n't hated because of his looks or whatever . 
  he was hated because of his actions , and his disgusting campaign . 
  and fillon is not hated - not because he 's prettier , but because he did n't have those stupid actions & disgusting campaign . 
  i have n't watched the debates actually , so i missed that one . 
  of course , but that does n't say much . 
  juppe was as pro-immigration as a french candidate in 2016 can possibly get . 
  style , * definitely * . 
  hell , they 'd be such a cute old couple , they look similar . 
  substance , i do n't know , i do n't know the guy much , he just appeared some weeks ago . 
  economically speaking , she probably respects his program . 
  a reformed france means a boost for germany . 
  now , she surely does n't like his stance on putin & russia , but it should be sth she can work on like it happened with renzi ( who clearly , is n't as pro-russia as fillon ) . 
  overall , i think merkel will be very , very happy that the new french guy is ready & willing to shoulder some responsibilities , esp . 
  w / renzi probably out of the door in january . 
  fillon 's stance on immigration and what it means to be french is very different to le pen 's stance on those issues . 
  i can only agree with you if you 're referring to more protection for eu 's external borders , but everyone and their cat have declared themselves declared pro that in the last months . 
  but immigration does n't begin and end at that single issue where everyone agrees . 
  if you want someone who tried to imitate le pen , that was sarkozy , and he lost * badly *, 
  yeah , it 'll be either cdu/spd , cdu/die gr\u00fcne / fdp , or sdp/die linke/die gr\u00fcne . 
  because i see many leftists sitting out the election because they do n't want to vote for a thatcherite vs * that woman * , but might have voted calmly for juppe , who 's a centrist candidate . 
   extreme right wing rhetoric what ? 
  his `` extreme right wing rhetoric '' is free-marked-based , not hurr-durr-islam-based . 
   now we just need a center-left government in germany to reestablish the balance . 
  keep us out of that mess , and sigmar out of the chancellery . 
  merkel 's gon na find a way to work with fillon even if goes around with a duck costume . 
  i would n't worry about that part if i was you . 
  well , some of them just voted for the austerity plan instead of federalism . 
  immigrants-france-secularism-terrorism-euisbad it 's not like she had a very comprehensive message against juppe either you know . 
  : ssssssssss he 's a good guy , but i was more confident of juppe 's chances against le pen . 
  still , i trust our cute little neighbors to do the right thing . 
  god with you france, 
  he 'll get like 10 % of the vote so it wo n't matter . 
  hillary got 48 % or sth, 
  france is n't really dealing with a migrant crisis tho . 
  hollande being like clinton has nothing to do with the presidential race , as no one cares about him and to add to what / u/ccm200 said : frenchies tend to be smart , and tend to hold their nose and vote for a candidate they despise against a candidate they hate . 
  what do you mean by binary race ? 
  we vote for parties , but at the end of the say you either vote for a leftist coalition with schulz or sigmar on the ticket , or vote cdu to have merkel as chancellor with whoever she ends up with as coalition partner . 
  or afd to send a message . 
  depends on whom you ask . 
  ok , but do n't try that shit against us , we 're not that tiny you know, 
  weihnachtsmarkts were open , and i work right across mine so i go every day after work and it 's been super super crowded - like you can step on people and have to push them to move kind of crowded . 
  but its great :') budget week . 
  the budget for next year is fine . 
  still a black zero , but a good increase in education spending & infrastructure investment . 
  lufthansa pilot strikes oh and we might end up with two decent candidates for chancellor aftee all . 
  redbull leipzig leading the league . 
  lol our number, 
  thing is , why the hell did theirs double while ours went down as a total number ? 
  how did they have the most unsafe year in 20 years , while we had the safest in 27 ? 
  like , did denmark get the worst guys ? 
  and honor killings get you more than other murders, 
  no , it 's not about skin-color, 
  yes , i am sure that the albanian-greek border that half a million people crossed illegally two decades ago is now fully non-penetrable . 
  then focus on your huge problems instead of projecting them on other countries . 
  ... which murders buddy ?
