  ooo , do n't make us blush :'), 
  we all fucked up massively , that 's nothing to debate about , it 's clear . 
  however , our gov fuckup was bigger, 
  i know . 
  it shows ignorance and arrogance , two things we should be careful not to entertain, 
  not kebab shops you bitches !, 
  i meant eu institutions, 
  it worked out pretty well for hungary . 
  not for us, 
  good for you  ), 
  i dislike this if what happened in k\u00f6ln would happen in a ee , the whole continent would talk about `` lawlessness '' for three weeks . 
  but since it 's k\u00f6ln and not wroclaw or sth , let 's shut up leave the country to sort it 's business , they earned their right to do so . 
  this only pushes them away from eu, 
  it 's a huuuge slap for commuters and businesses . 
  we 're already feeling the effects and there are only a few borders and their checks are minimal if schengen goes down , * many things * go down, 
  afghanistan may not be a safe heaven , but it 's not in war . 
  they can move within their borders from an unsafe city to another , why should they move from afghan villages to bremen ? 
  most of iraq is safe ... 
  good luck convincing the us & russia about that, 
  greece is densely populated though , and it is in very bad shape . 
  considering there have been riots on a weekly basis for some months every year for the last 7 years , it 's not a good idea to have a million arabs moving around if we do n't want a civil war, 
  i 've always wanted to move for a few years abroad , work and live in another eu country , but after the crisis i am not sure where to go . 
  i wanted spain or italy , but good luck getting a job there . 
  moving to netherlands or denmark would feel too `` at home '' . 
  i am seriously considering warsaw or prague , but i dunno yet : /, 
  my sister wants to move there for her master, 
  if money is an issue , why go to the country with the 2nd highest unemployment ? 
  very correct . 
  however , i 'd give her credit for how she managed the crisis . 
  we were left generally unscathed due to `` keynesian '' policies , which in another situation would be unthinkable for germany, 
  except france did n't really put up a big fight so it 's not okay, 
  have a map greece has a billion islands italy has a huge , double-sided coast, 
  what about italy or greece or spain ? 
  that 's exactly what i said ... 
  the us created the crisis , exploded , went downhill , got back up , got up and now have , again , a lower unemployment rate than any eu country . 
  in 5 years . 
  eu is stuck because guess what , germany and nl do n't have the same economic model with greece & spain . 
  genius . 
  who would have possibly thought ? 
  two-speed eu is the answer i have no problems with sharing risks with you or austria . 
  but the whole continent ? 
  no , thank you very much, 
  we can lend you a government if you want to, 
  we were n't affected though, 
  you have that problem in the whole eu ... uk turns away phd students regularly , footballers , etc, 
  uhm , why ? 
  he 'll be dead anyway . 
  if he has no problem killing 10 people , why would he mind killing 50 ? 
  i second this . 
  the city is a mess and i have gotten lost a dozen times , but it 's a beautiful city and people are * very * helpful, 
  we did it guys we saved greece !, 
  you 'd find out in 2018 if it was in sweden maybe sth exploded today in stockholm . 
  maybe 100 people died who knows ? 
  that 's a secrer you 'll never know ... 
   not so long ago check r/news, 
  i do n't disregard his comment , i agree with his comment , however , it is funny because if i could pick one country in the whole continent that refuses to part with its past , it 's serbia . 
  i do n't have anything against serbs in particular, 
  more reliable . 
   a lot of countries have to swallow their pride and move forward . 
   serbian flair, 
  it would be brilliant if true . 
  having only 250,000 people we know nothing about instead of 1 million ? 
  great but no , it is n't, 
  because that 's how you start wwiii also , we currently have csu in government . 
  the smallest suggestion of letting the purity law go would mean they will impose trade sanctions on the us , and i am serious . 
   the czechs have you guys beat on beer i beg you pardon ? 
  amazing . 
  i do n't think that would be possible in your neighbouring countries , people protecting a group that made fun of people whose crimes were taboo . 
  great to see small countries prosper and evolve , 
  too big for europe , too small for the world we were fine when bossing around eu , everything was fine , we were n't invading anyone and actually making some good things in the process . 
  france was messing around a little , but who cares , we had ee in our side and people understood it 's better to send a message to berlin than to brussels why on hell did this whole mess had to happen ? 
  why ? 
  i 'd rather have you guys than france . 
  no offence to anyone, 
  they are rational people . 
  and drunk all the time , perfect, 
  what 's this bavarian thing ? 
  no swabian flag yet ? 
  permanent residence , whatever , there a million conditions you could use, 
  see , maybe you 're not the only one who has realized this, 
  this happened in tahrir square , but now that the same people are in koeln , they will behave well and give out flowers to women and ask them to dance tango ? 
   the germans are just not used to having poland for more than 20 years to the east of them and do n't really know how to respond always , every single time , forever , 'till the end of time , for another 123456789 centuries , same card just fucking stop it , we all have wikipedia , we know what has happened, 
  the police in bavaria is good - a super police . 
  i have had my own fair share of problems with the police , i have never felt like i was being treated unfairly . 
  i know hooligans , guys who have entered and left police stations once a week for the last year . 
  none of them has complained about violence . 
  let 's not spread lies , shall we . 
  then why in hell it 's a linear rise instead of a `` boom '' at one moment then a normal trend for the rest of time ? 
  thanks for the long post  the part about kla ( uck right ? ), 
  especially was interesting , glad to see your civil society has no problem discussing these stuff openly instead of hiding between `` but they are heroes ! '', 
  exactly . 
  it 's not like some men found a drunk girl in some weird neighborhood in an isolated place and assaulted her, 
  this is moving from ridiculous and comic to downright tragic and just now the waiter where i got sth to eat ( turkish guy ) commented how a bunch of , according to him , afghans got there , ordered tons of stuff and left without paying around 55 euros . 
  they were only two people so they could n't do anything . 
  of course , the story was followed up with a rant of `` those pieces of shit give us muslims a bad name '' stories of everyday life  it makes my blood boil, 
  bayern lost a cl final at home on penalties against a very stupid chelsea, 
  after working for three years almost daily with poles , czechs , etc i have to say , you guys are great  ca n't we get another 1 million poles here please , instead of * these * ?? 
   or you know , just * include * 1 + millions of poles in our country . 
  just sayin ' anyway , this is brilliant . 
  i read the letter .
