  for everyday , i stick with adidas ( yeap , stereotype me is stereotyping again ) , but for any kind of classy shoe and boots , it 's italian for ever . 
  ( sorry frenchies ), 
  so what italian product am i supposed to buy ? 
  clothing , leather and textiles ? 
  do n't get me wrong , your industry is really good , a global leader . 
  the only problem is that in this particular case ... 
  i 'd rather buy domestic , except for clothing ( * leather and textiles * ), 
  they are now . 
  so austria , switzerland , czech republic , netherlands and denmark, 
  it 's the slightly , softly xenophobic views that turn people against afd , not their taxes reforms, 
  loool , if she leaves , the job is sch\u00e4uble 's , and i will be very happy with that . 
  cdu swinged to the left * a lot * under merkel . 
  the most conservative right at least socially would be csu , but they are a bunch of provincial ducks who would rather fight for crosses in school than the immigrants ' integration . 
  still , they 'll have my vote in the general elections , i guess, 
  fdp are economic-liberal more than anything . 
  for yankees : pro-business , the economist-liberal . 
  and with a gay minister , but that 's a separate matter, 
  i have yet to read a single report saying they are not british citizens . 
  anyone has any info ? 
   she was raped on the library steps , in an underground car park at an abandoned police station and in the rugby club changing rooms at burgess fields park . 
  one afternoon in 2012 five of them lined up to rape her in daylight on dalton lane , near the town centre . 
  oh god and this is how i decide reading the article was a mistake and even worse : listen , talk all you want about pc and corrupted police and a lack of integration , but this is also a state failure beyond redemption . 
  it makes my blood boil knowing that in a first world country , an eu member , a 12 year old gir can fall off the rails in this way - prostituted for years , raped , her mom giving up on her , missing for long periods of time , etc. 
   one police officer specifically warned her about the dangers of hanging around with older men . 
  she saw some of her abusers as friends or even lovers , refusing to press charges against one particular older man , whom she insisted was her boyfriend . 
  yes , please continue talking how education in the middle east will drastically help gender equality if we throw some millions at it . 
  thank youuu , fellow lowest-unemployment partner !, 
  you know we 're in the wrong century when i do n't see my country mentioned by anyone, 
  i am pretty sure that even if they tried , they 'd get a polite `` thank you , but no thank you '', 
  oh cmon , we have kept ourselves inside our border for the last decades or so and we intend to keep doing so . 
  there also is n't a single country where males are safe . 
  your point being ? 
  women here are still not afraid to go out on their own at night , and that is while we have roaming gangs of africans around . 
  you can imagine how was it last year here or now in prague, 
  oh please , he 's right . 
  saying your country has n't benefited recently for having one of the strongest economies of the world directly on your border is stupid . 
  your economy even is benefiting massively from the current crisis - new beds ? 
  let 's ask poland . 
  new pillows ? 
  ask poland . 
  rising demand for food ? 
  poland . 
  simply using the word `` socialist '' to describe a continent wo n't fly it here . 
  please post these links to r/politics or something . 
  if you want to talk about our social systems ' solvency objectively and free of prejudices , `` muricons built ya '' and cliches such as `` bury under regulations '' . 
  yes , there are problems , but i 'd rather live in this `` socialist utopia '' than your `` bootstrapping dream '', 
  it 's sad how she managed to run over herself, 
  poland can into space !, 
  how are current muslim immigrants treated in greece though ? 
  for example , how many mosques are there in athens ? 
  krakow is not nice , it 's amazing, 
  income tax in the czech republic is a flat 15 % rate . 
  here you pay more than that for a medium wage , then add like 80 % to contributions, 
  you should really visit albania porsche , mercedes and smart cars, 
  as someone who has slept drunk in a park in both prague and munich , and would think twice about doing it in 2016 in munich but not in prague : they better be proud, 
  ** multiculturalism has failed ** just visit a `` mixed '' neighborhood, 
  and while we barely helped , we still helped more than the rest of eu anyway , this is a bad thing for whoever wants a deal with turkey but the question should be , is such a deal attainable ? 
  we can not rely on tsipras ( no offense ) or juncker to get such a deal , it 's merkel 's job . 
  she 's worked on it for four months but has failed spectacularly - what 's next ? 
  the new solution is turning greece in a giant camp . 
  a densely populated country with 10 million people and 50 % youth unemployment whose economy relies solely on tourism nowadays . 
  yes , it can work , but it is so cruel to a member state that it makes austerity look like a slap on the wrist, 
  yes , clothes, 
  7 years too late , and not thrown out - they should have left by themself, 
  can someone please tell me how encouraging civil unrest in greece is a good idea ? 
  and fill pillows with them , like in the good old times ? 
  the single only to decrease the surplus is importing more products from eu countries let 's pray the refugees will love french wine , greek olive oil and italian pasta, 
  shitty phone that checks out my flair, 
  i mean , wtf am i supposed to do , pay a premium to buy foreign products when domestic products are a cheaper substitute for the same quality ? 
  no , it 's our trade surplus i am worried about . 
  we 're affected by every small crisis in every country . 
  let 's hope iran provides a nice bump, 
  these maps about trade are slowly beginning to freak me out, 
  * was, 
  it became regulated . 
  from idomeni to gevgelija to tabanovce to presevo to ( what 's the croatian name again ) to sentilj to spielfield , they have volunteers at any point , police checks , free trains and buses . 
  if they go through albania , they have to travel independently and possibly take another boat to italy . 
  from the guys we got until the crisis exploded , there were many that came from this road and they said they were helped along the way . 
  gruevski gets to stay in the government lol if poland turns out ok , we 'll need someone to be the second orban of eu, 
  they are in austria now ? 
  sure they have n't gone through the border illegally and applied for asylum then ? 
  and there is still no blank cheque `` do whatever the hell you 'll need to do to close the border , we 'll have your back '', 
  i was n't talking about money , ofcourse we can afford to close the border . 
  it 's stupid to say the german border can not be secured - the only question is , at what price, 
  no , not at all . 
  whatever problem db has , it is our problem , not anyone 's else . 
  it 's not on greece , it 's not on france , it 's not on morocco , it 's not on russia . 
  it 's a domestic problem and domestic problems are solved domestically . 
  albaniaball will soon replace polandball, 
  it 's fine , a decade ago it would be a problem , but now we 're used to it :d, 
  so what is this new trend of deciding to kill yourself by drowning ? 
  a new type of cool suicide , confined to manchester ? 
  poland can into public transport !, 
  what the fuck why have n't i heard about this ? 
  why does it kill germany ? 
  we 're not exactly asking you as a greek taxpayer to bail it out . 
  we 're not asking greece to bail out deutsche bank . 
  big difference to us , to netherlands , to denmark , to practically everyone who has a stake on this, 
  `` tax free under german command ? 
  wtf is this ?
