  the great state of bavaria can start teaching kids that gays do n't exist and are a liberal media plot , and there 's nothing the government is allowed to do about that . 
  on the other hand , contrary to your comment , i think this structure is the best for us . 
  this is some r/shitamericanssay material , but our country is too diverse and i 'd rather not have some people who 've never stepped outside berlin to decide about my kids ' education . 
  of course i want him to lose points, 
  first , increasing their productivity is what we tried to do in the last decade . 
  it did n't work out - and i 'm the first to admit that . 
  second , funding does n't have to be through eurobonds . 
  i 'd rather see an increase in transfers than eurobonds . 
  while the currency gives us an edge , it 's not an be-all-end-all . 
  `` made in germany '' is , like it or not , believe it or not , correct or not , a label of quality and credibility in the entire world . 
  we have reputation , excellence , and quality in our side . 
  we 're not bangladesh , competing with indonesia over who 's gon na produce the cheaper shoes . 
  we used to be a major exporter for a long time . 
  we wo n't suddenly implode . 
  our exports will be more expensive and thus will go down , but let 's stop pretending it would send us to recession . 
  would i rather have a small decrease in exports or eurobonds ? 
  i pick the first , no doubt about that . 
  germany can withstand its exports being made less competitive . 
  our economy is resilient enough to do that . 
  we can prepare for a decrease in exports - we can adjust fiscal policy ( we got a lot of room there ) , we can invest more in r&d , we can focus more on high-tech , we can lower taxes , we can deregulate our service industry ( we have to do that anyway ) but with eurobonds . . you ca n't prepare for wtf some countries will decide to go , the crazy adventures they might pursue , the utopic societies they 'd want to build . 
  it 's long term and once you go that way , you ca n't go back . 
  there 's no amicable divorce with eurobonds . 
  and trust me : those countries * will * go into an adventure . 
  yes , i 'm sure portugal will be able to save our pensions . 
  dude , that 's sooo not how it works . 
  italy is also a big exporter . 
  one of the biggest in the world . 
   but you must also agree to communalise decision-making in some key areas to allow a long-term reduction of this imbalance . 
  yeah , we tried to do that once during the crisis and the `` nazis !!!! '', 
  protests have yet to shut up . 
  thank you very much , but if they do n't want to grow up , we ca n't force them to . 
  we literally ca n't . 
  and with eurobonds , you just kicked germany , netherlands and austria outside the ez . 
  but sure , take care of eurobonds between france , italy , spain , portugal and greece . 
  that should be fun . 
  le pen, 
  germanophobia is real tho . 
  i mean , i understand where they coming from but . . 
  yeah , too bad those do n't pay . 
  do n't ask me , it was n't my idea to build a grandiose airport & raise taxes . 
  at least hamburg 's concert hall looks badass . 
  no country where the constitutional court is attacked should be a member state . 
  no country where the government seriously pursues a blanket ban on abortion even in cases of health risks should be a member state . 
  no country that does the stupid shit their current government is doing should ever be a member state . 
  however , we ca n't throw countries out of the eu for disagreeing with them . 
  if that was the case , hungary and greece would have been thrown waaaay before poland . 
  we ca n't do that . 
  we have to put our differences aside and ignore them instead of just expelling everyone who does n't agree with brussels . 
  and who knows , maybe pis will lose the next elections , if we do n't attack them 24/24 . 
  and who knows , maybe recent polish history makes them suspicious to foreigners trying to impose social norms in their country . 
  we live in crazy times , and we got ta stick together and try to make it work . 
  and if not allowing eu to regulate the legal status of gay couples in poland is the price we have to pay . . 
  honestly , i say we go for it . 
   ms. merkel , however , is said to respect mrs. may , considering her the `` grown-up '' in the british government , officials close to the chancellor say . 
  this is the most typical merkel thing i 've read in the last month, 
  i fully agree that it 's the right thing . 
  what i was saying is that these kind of engagement in sensitive issues creates backlash , and that backlash can be damaging . 
  very damaging . 
  i do n't care if two spaniards decide to get marry in spain , adopt a kid in spain , and come over to work in germany . 
  two grownups should be able to take the decision on whether they adopt a kid or not , and i agree that on principle , it should be recognized . 
  but different countries have different cultures ( like r/europe loves to repeat to no end ) , and forcing cultural change in times of increased euroskepticism is nuts . 
  period . 
  polish people have the right to decide whether they recognize gay adoptions or not . 
  it should be their decision , not sth coming from the eu . 
  social issues should be solved on a national level ( or even better , a local level . 
  trust me , i 'm german , i know sth about this ) . 
  eu should stick to things that it can do better than they can be done on a purely local level . 
  yes , on principle it 's the right decision . 
  but then do n't fucking complain about pis & orban , le pen & afd , etc. 
  wait wait , does this mean that the polish government is forced to recognize two frenchmen adopting a kid ? 
  because that wo n't go well over there . 
  / u/he _ m4n is right . 
  you ca n't go around and force social change in other countries if you ca n't deal with the backlash . 
  so , only a marxist now ? 
  cool , that fills me with hope . 
   just a cursory glance so i can understand the climate over there currently you ca n't . 
  honestly , even for us it 's difficult . 
  i live in a town in the south - what people around me feel and think is much different than what people in hamburg and berlin feel and think , and definitely much different than what people in chemnitz and rostock feel and think . 
  the important thing is to listen to each other 's concerns on this issue instead of yelling `` racist ! '', 
  from one side , and `` traitor ! '', 
  from the other . 
  i think it would be a very productive coalition, 
  no , i was n't sarcastic , i genuinely did n't know the impossible triangle did n't apply to ez countries  in europe people do n't . 
  that 's hardly on us tho . 
   so if one states has a trade surplus with the rest of the states it subsidizes them and vice versa . 
  what does the trade surplus have to do with it ? 
  i 'm sure nrw exports to hessen more than vice versa , but hessen subsidizes nrw . 
  same in europe : poland exports more to greece than vice versa , but that absolutely does n't mean that poland should subsidize greece ( altho let 's be honest : we might be heading that way ), 
  the greek tax evaders & fiscal authorities ? 
  what a creative bunch . 
   never trust anyone who 'd help some random asshole without first checking , if they deserve it . 
  have you ever volunteered for anything ? 
  you do n't trust me to know what 's good for me , but you trust our government to manage your money well ? 
  that 's . . interesting . 
  of course . 
  let 's hope things work out . 
  good luck - we need a dignified capital city . 
  lol . 
  spd * never * fails to entertain me, 
   so yes , it did achieve something i agree , it was my point , that a protest vote in early 2016 made sense .
