  yeap , posted that, 
  spiegel is the single most reliable magazine in the world ( for me personally speaking ) if i really wanted to know about sth shady . 
  like , if they came out and said they were told erdogan had planned his coup , i would believe it . 
  however , their coverage on the refugee issue was pretty bad and some of their writers allowed their personal beliefs to affect them . 
  faz for example was more consistent and trustworthy . 
  as for k\u00f6ln attacks , they did cover it very well ... after three days . 
  they ignored it for 72 straight hours , and that 's * bad * . 
  in this case , were talking about spiegel online . 
  when they wrote that , it was simply a suggestion , it was nothing official so they could easily ignore that and report the rest of things ( just like bbc & reuters did ) . 
  my guess is they made a call in munich , and checked whether the police really thought it looked like an islamist attack . 
  this is not the place to brag about our gun laws , for the same reason last night was not the time for a billion americans to pour into r/worldnews & push their nra bullshit . 
  you are making yourself look like one of those . 
  i really think we should focus at the most important topic : the fact that this is not grafing . 
  this is an islamist attack , and the fact that the guy was not an is member does n't change a thing . 
  from how i understood herrmann , he was suggesting they found it among his private stuff , it 's not like he had put it on the wall . 
  aaand we do n't know who the foster family is . 
  not that it makes it any better . 
  having someone who is ready to kill people in your own house and not noticing it would be ... slightly weird . 
  we 've spent the vast majority of our national history being divided , tiny and irrelevant . 
  aaaand then they are surprised when we do stupid shit when we unite . 
  on the other hand , good luck with the language . 
  i know companies that wanted to hire from their mexican branches and bring those people here , and did n't do that because the potential employees could not learn the language . 
  we also had another stabbing thing two months ago . 
  two weeks ago , there was also a rape inside a train station . 
  it 's probably because our trains are on time . 
  german newspapers will have some pretty extensive coverage , i ca n't see your point in linking tabloids , let alone british tabloids , let alone daily fucking mail . 
  and why are you linking stories from two separate stabbing attacks in two different.months ? 
  it 's pretty good here though . 
  i had to stay in frankfurt for a week in may and there were daily delays . 
  the trip to the airport was delayed by 8 minutes , and that can fuck you up if you are a last-minute kind of person . 
  beer does n't get us intoxicated, 
  i do n't blame them , it 's the keynesian hypocrites i ca n't stand, 
  that 's it we 're creating our football team !, 
  / u/frankonia / u/vertikal19 btw , i just remembered tmrw 's the boss ' meeting with the big boss to kiss and make up over refugees , aaaand it wo n't be pretty . 
  they were also supposed to go back . 
  hell , the government tried to bribe them into going back . 
  aaaand i do n't think the well-integrated ones are the ones going around picking fights with kurds because of erdogan . 
  my colleague is turkish , his parents are in istanbul , but i do n't think types like him create problems . 
  does n't change the fact that you can get away with using a nuclear missile . 
  you know it 's bad when even spiegel mentions the `` allahu akbar '' part . 
  no idea . 
  i wo n't lose my sleep thinking over that though , there 's nothing i can do to protect myself against a nutjob blowing himself up next to me , going around with an axe or running over me with a truck . 
  ( people here will mention immigration ... no , we also have our fair share of bio nutjobs ) . 
  the truth is , we put ourselves in great risk everyday . 
  i take public transport . 
  i go to festivals . 
  i go to malls . 
  hell , for one full month we had public viewings packed with people and no `` security measures '' , and the whole country went to them . 
  i was in munich during nye when there was a terrorist attack `` prediction '' and the police kept asking people to not stay in crowds , and yet everyone was drunk and celebrating . 
  you got ta live a normal life if you do n't want to go mental & paranoid . 
  carrying pepperspray is perfectly legal in germany, 
  it will be very weird if le pen becomes their pm considering the fact that she will not run for pm . 
  five ? 
  wow , we should open a club at this point . 
  btw , i have n't been active since i was a teen , and that was because my friends brought me along to help, 
  herrmann was softly suggesting it was an islamist attack , but let 's wait for the police 's official conclusion, 
  yes , i was the one who wrote that at r/worldnews, 
  the police did not know about `` allahu akbar '' when they shot him . 
  they simply saw a man with an axe fleeing the station and shot him immediately . 
  we probably have some merkel fanboys around , but self-declared csu voters ? 
  we 're like three people in the entire reddit . 
  he was killed bavarian police babe . 
  terrorist attacks , marijuana distribution , does n't matter . 
  boom , dead . 
  he was on zdf and said there is one witness that says he shouted `` allahu akbar '' , but the police has not verified it yet with other people in the train carriage ( my guess , because they 're in the hospital ) . 
  also says the police have to contact the `` foster family '' ( whatever the word is in english ) he lived with before making a final conclusion . 
  no link found until now, 
  you ca n't expect the interior minister to go on tv and say `` hey , we already know this and that '' minutes after the attacker is identified , even if he heavily suggests that during the statement . 
  herrmann has given like fifteen interviews in the last hour , and he 's heavily suggesting it 's an islamist attack . 
  ofcourse he ca n't outright say that three hours after the attack took place because it would make the police look like ducks since there has been no time for any official inquiry , but it 's obvious he 's just trying to contain himself . 
  i think it 's `` critical condition '' , and herrmann did n't mention it during his fifteen interviews in the last hour, 
  i think he meant `` an alternative '', 
  cologne attacks were the big shift , not this one , on pure logical grounds, 
  motive is unknown as in `` the minister thinks it 's islamism but it 's unconfirmed yet '' . 
  keep in mind that the attack took place less than three hours ago . 
  same with my dad . 
  registered member & got heavily involved during electoral campaigns in his early years . 
  herrmann is on tv again, 
  no , i meant the `` mr. '' yeah , we 've talked about our csu voting history some days ago . 
  there was also another guy who was a registered member ... or was it you ? 
  we 're a minority in the internet !, 
  he was attacking sek special forces working in bavaria ? 
  such a smart guy . 
  our self-defense laws are a mess . 
  you could technically get away with using nuclear missiles as a means of self-defense . 
   mr. herrmann you really show your party membership mate . 
  if you explain a joke , it 's not funny anymore, 
  that 's an american media problem i 'd guess, 
  other than that , i saw that, 
  if anyone is on zdf , what did herrmann say other than the attacker 's nationality , because my tv volume went to shit for 30 seconds ? 
  yeap , i heard what the little boss said, 
  it 's a joke ... regional trains are ok , it 's big-distance that go crazy . 
  local trains can also mess up your day , but we 're talking 2-3 minutes too late that would make you lose a connecting trip, 
  sadly , it 's too apparent at this point, 
  3 heavily injured , 1 lightly injured herrmann is on tv now , he looks as shocked as it gets edit : herrmann says it 's a 17 year old afghani, 
  but who mentioned nato ? 
  yeap , and the entire r/worldnews had went apeshit that day, 
  do n't mind me . 
  this happened less than two hours away from where i live so i am a little ... tense . 
  bcz you do n't wan na join eu anytime soon so we do n't care .
