  in uk , you vote for ukip . 
  additionally , remember last year 's local elections ? 
  le pen exploded ... and then when push came to shove , she was left with a grand total of 0 regions . 
  because southern europeans are sweethearts . 
  are you implying we have competent people working in brussels ? 
  they can not survive without food imports , and if they will have to pay customs on their food imports ... they 'll starve . 
  i second this . 
  / u/leonidasmark sorry but with everything going upside down , i have n't kept up with your stuff . 
  they did blame a couple of their own wrongdoing on the eu , but they were also decent enough to inform their voters that spain 's future lies in the eu and that things should be changed from within and that benefits heavily outweigh the costs . 
  you know you 're in deeeeep shit when even rajoy has more credibility than cameron . 
  according to the guardian and several of our newspapers , he slept during the negotiations of the last bailout, 
  oh , he 's a cunt & should have never become pm , let alone a top eu representative . 
  we 're just happy he 's making fun of farage . 
   informally, 
  i can understand where the polish logic comes from . 
   there was a german minister who said `` out is out , no eea membership '' . 
  he will one day go on tv and say horses can fly , and we have no idea how we 'll deal with him then . 
  and yes : out is out . 
  hillary in office in 7 months . 
  so lots of 37,4 % of brits do n't know they have to pay rents ? 
  before you put * another * tinfoil hat : six months ago german tourists where targeted and killed in istanbul . 
  26/41 victims last night were turkish . 
  additionally , the attack in ankara was carried on by tak , not isis . 
  some crazy , bloodthirsty group not named isis also carried on the attack that killed 28 people near a military base some months ago . 
  like it or not , for germany it is not the same thing . 
  `` they are supporting turkey against tak !!! '', 
  could be used by certain figures in the turkish government for certain future actions . 
  but we are closer to turkey than to nigeria . 
  their biggest diaspora is here . 
  millions of us go to turkey for vacations ( and with good reason , if i may add ) . 
  we are their biggest trade partner ( 1st in the world for exports , 2nd in the world for imports ) . 
  and many issues - from refugees to security - means that we are stuck in the same mess and that we have to find a way to work with each-other ... and erdogan being a power-hungry lunatic can not change that . 
  yeah , we do occasionally block their accession talks but that 's what `` friends '' do right ? 
  right ? 
  and a country from which a good % of berliners are originally from . 
  i do n't care about gorby 's friends . 
  we need a trustworthy , indipendent finance minister or we 'll end up like some other countries . 
  the reliability of the finance ministry is of superior importance to your preferences about the age of ministers . 
  why bring turkey on this ? 
  cameron has mentioned the possibility of turkey joining the eu in three separate occasions during his pm years . 
  merkel has been saying she 's against turkish eu membership for at least fifteen consecutive years . 
  maybe even more . 
  merkel ( well , sch\u00e4uble ) is an anti-keynesianist ... and that 's the entire point . 
  hollande & renzi have only said it on the press statement right ? 
  or maybe it 's me not keeping up with european news . 
  you think ignorants know that ? 
  they blame pakistani immigrants on the eu . 
  the ecb is independent . 
  if after 20 years you still do n't get that , your problem . 
  there 's a reason why it was built after the bundesbank - to preserve its independence . 
  and if you think ecb independence is negotionable ... haha . 
  he is trustworthy , and he has enough power to stay independent from merkel , and he has europea credentials , and we need more ministers like him than merkel puppies . 
  he does his job , which is counterweighting his party 's populist demands , with immense composure and reliability . 
  i say we keep the guy . 
  if you want to talk about ministers who gave greece the cold shoulder , you will have to refer to varoufakis ' interviews . 
  freedom of movement is non-negotionable . 
  you were told so in early 2014 by our chancellor , in london . 
  that sentence was repeated so many times that it should have stuck . 
  so now we have merkel , tusk , and junker ... at this point we should pin it on the fronpage : `` lol you 'll still get immigrants '', 
  so please for us ignorants : if my gov would ask you two years ago about impacts of a min wage here , what would be your predictions ? 
  just curious . 
  and that 's why we need bigger differences in min wages across states, 
  well yes ... but that will only happen here after three centuries . 
  i was only talking about those make the effort . 
  as for those who want to build a little anatolia in frankfurt and berlin ... they can fuck off right away and i do n't give a damn about their passport . 
  yes , he had the queen . 
  it was a joke on the `` weekly mass shooting '' comment , implying they 'll cross the border . 
  do n't take everything so seriously . 
  look at the bright side , your people are preparing for an invasion . 
  unless it 's italy . 
  of-fucking-course they are n't . 
  british humor best humor . 
  there is still a 1 % chance that it 's pkk . 
  i added that sentence because some idiot would say `` but that 's what they get to oppressing kurds !!!!! '', 
  that 's not the fault of millions and millions of turks who live peacefully , have kurdish friends , donate to refugee centers , have jobs and families and a normal life and like to travel . 
  a sz journo on twitter says 10 dead . 
  confirmed ? 
  this is so sad . 
  my prayers for turkey . 
  again . 
  it 's like the 6th time in 2016 . 
  ffs , will they stop ? 
  thank you, 
  shit . 
  could someone point me to some website with updates if there 's no media ban yet ? 
  even sth googletranslateable ? 
  for all turks here , i hope this goes without any victims . 
  god with you . 
  no , right now no , i have no greek colleagues . 
  we had this nice greek girl two years ago , but she went back home to marry . 
  google and find this interview from february where wolfi says `` greece needs solidarity '' for the refugee crisis . 
  nope you produce 10 cars . 
  price is 10 $ per car . 
  variable cost 4 $ per car . 
  total fixed cost 20 $ . 
  total profit : 10 * ( 10-4 ) -20 = 40 $ you produce 20 % , sell 20 % higher . 
  that means total profit is 8 * ( 12-4 ) -20 = 44 $ we win . 
  we need more full-time employment than part-time jobs , but the unemployment rate itself can not get lowered . 
  oh yes , all those millions of jobs we lost due to a min wage in 2015 . 
  we ca n't find janitors down here , and our shops ca n't find cashiers .
