  i would n't mind it at all . 
  including the pope . 
  * many * of those people . 
  it will be fun when they halve their votes in bayern due to kunast comments only, 
  gysi not good enough for you ? 
  ahem , poland , slovakia and romania actually did . 
  czechia & hungary did n't, 
  he 's not liked . 
  he 's the sixth most popular politician in the country , for someone on his post , it 's quite a low level . 
  he also just got messed up in a scandal about supermarket mergers , but let 's see what comes out of it . 
  here on reddit , comments at r/de or r/germany also tend to be negative about him , which is weird considering how left-wing subs are . 
  these are the objective things about him . 
  subjectively : he 's an incompetent blue-eyed bundle of fat that can not shut up his mouth even if he tried to do so . 
  that 's the reason you heard three times today about him : he talks . 
  a lot . 
  but take my comment with a grain of salt . 
  like i said , it 's my subjective opinion . 
  there is literally not a single corruption scandal that has been traced back to merkel in 11 years though , while we usually got to know plenty about others . 
  she 's as power-hungry as it gets , but corrupt ? 
   wow that an hardcore system it 's the same system in most european countries . 
   seems very problematic because one entity can basicly push back months if not years of negotiations . 
  that 's because , in theory , political projects should have wide support instead of being divisive . 
  the whole federal structure is a mess of epic proportions because you need everyone on board ... but it works for us , so whatever . 
   if the constitutional court is that powerfull . 
  do they have party colors ? 
  and that 's why i get a huge `` wtf '' everytime i listen to either a hillary or a trump speech and they mention how them becoming president would mean the supreme court will become more liberal or conservative respectively . 
  saying those words would be an instant disqualifier for a chancellor-candidate , because it 's supposed to be independent and whatnot . 
  hey no issue with me , they can do whatever they want , i am just explaining what merkel said . 
  the thing is ... she 's referring to the refugees v4 already agreed to take . 
  so there 's no `` yes we will see '', 
  yes , she 's saying they should not discriminate between muslims & christians regarding those refugees . 
  on federal polls they 're doing quite well actually , it 's on a state level that they 're losing badly , but that 's also because of candidates . 
  yes , but then the baby boy will cry . 
  she ( well , not personally , but the coalition partners under her management ) sets the general guidelines on the direction the country is supposed to take , ministries prepare laws based on that which are then sent to the parliament and should be approved ( we have two chambers of the parliament ) , then the president signs it , then , if someone has a problem with the law , they can send it to the constitutional court who can strike it down immediately or leave the government a timeline during which they should come up with a new thing . 
  for example : cdu/csu + spd decide : asylum procedures should take less time chancellor : how about we classify maghreb countries as safe countries of origin ? 
  ministry of interior : prepares the law to classify them as safe countries of origin gov : approves the law , sends it to the bundestag bundestag : passes the law bundesrat : does n't pass the law and fucks up the whole thing . 
  and openly xenophobic on top of that, 
  because i want lower taxes for myself , and our taxes are some of the highest in the world ? 
  you can use whatever terms you want : the truth is the leftists in germany would like my taxes raised in order to add money to their redistributive schemes . 
  simple as that . 
  i did n't say i wanted left-liberalism did i ? 
  if , and only if the conservative wing of kretschmann , that katrin girl , etc. 
  get on top : i 'd actually love to see that . 
  lower taxes for the middle class & less bureaucracy has nothing to do with the top 1 % income bracket . 
   putin merkel does not rig elections  berlusconi or manipulate people through her own media company . 
  the media tends to be against her . 
  it 's not merkel 's job to prepare her heir . 
  not even our worst leaders have done that anyway , it 's not a thing around here . 
   merkel does what 's in the best interests of germany , not the eu . 
  that 's what her oath says , and that 's what she quoted during the financial crisis . 
  personally , i have no issue with her letting people in from hungary that night . 
  the problem came afterwards , when she refused to close the door . 
   stoiber had his chance , fucked it up . 
  merkel did n't force him to run for chancellor , it was his brilliant idea . 
  that guy is good  he might need a strong fm on his side ( steinemeier ) and he 's good to go . 
  but good luck convincing the spd to go with a green chancellor-candidate . 
  oh my god , did these kind of comments start to creep again ? 
  she also managed the financial crisis very well , there 's nothing you can say against that ( talking about germany only here ) . 
  and she did that against the advice of her party , fdp & the bundesbank . 
  god knows . 
  it was a fucked up situation anyway . 
  read this http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/a-look-back-at-the-refugee-crisis-one-year-later-a-1107986.html btw, 
  yeap , but i feel like the electoral campaign started in may . 
  14 months of campaigning , the fuck is this , america ? 
  they had the decency to keep their mouthes shut in 2009 . 
  the fuck . 
  people do n't hate redbull because it 's from the east , they hate it because it 's a marketing invention franchise by a drinks company . 
  hell , i am sure it would get more hatred if it was from the west - i 've heard more than a dozen people say `` at least we 'll get an eastern club in the buli '' there 's no east-west tension , there 's a football vs cunts tension . 
  the fuck does turkey have to do with it, 
  cdu is on 35 % acc to three big polls . 
  merkel 's approval rate is 47 % . 
  those are the respectable polls taken in august . 
  furthermore , the question would also be phrased as `` should she run again '' . 
  also , people who prefer her to another candidate may vote for another party too ( hint : that 's me . 
  i 'll rather have merkel than siggy , but i 'm probably voting for fdp next year . 
  where does that put me ? ), 
  can someone * please * shut up that bundle of fat ? 
  of die welt * next he 'll start posting stuff from bild, 
  being the most competent head of state does n't say much though ( although i agree with it ) . 
  she fucked up with the latest crisis . 
  yes , but we 're a federal state . 
  if we had term limits for the chancellor , we 'd have to have them for state pms too . . which would be mental . 
   she has better poll numbers then ever , she 's on 47 % approval rate . 
  exactly 13 months ago she was on 77 % . 
  no , cdu is on 35 % currently . 
  * where it should be * . 
  ffs , no party should ever get over 40 % in germany , that 's just crazy . 
  and italy, 
  my prayers, 
  40 cents babe at some point , they will start paying us to buy milk, 
  that will happen ? 
  two very cohesive wishes those two, 
  trade surplus or budget surplus ? 
  he is against both , albeit not much on this paper . 
  i 'll try to explain on simple terms . 
  trade surplus : some is ok , great even . 
  issue is , we have the single highest trade surplus on earth . 
  we rely too much on what happens in other countries , that 's why the ez stagnation and emerging markets going down hurts us . 
  people have no monies to buy our cars . 
  it also hurts the southern economies , because exports strengthen the currency , and while $ being a strong currency does n't hurt us as we 're experts on this stuff , it hurts them .
