  they do n't create problems , their german is heavily accented but who cares , their kids are polite and well-behaved , they work , they do n't kill each other . 
  then we can talk about afghans , iraqis , nigerians , moroccans , etc. 
  spain, 
  once there are inside schengen borders , we have no legal ways to not `` let them in '' , even though yes , we can refuse to grant them asylum status and welfare benefits, 
  i do n't think we have a problem with prison radicalization . 
  if anyone has heard anything credible about such cases , please provide a source, 
  oh yes , why ask for the id of the poor guys who went to sweden fleeing the war-torn , ethnic-cleansing dictatorships of turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , hungary , germany and denmark ? 
  you 're missing my point . 
  our welfare systems are there because we want them to ve there , because they are better for our societies . 
  when millions of men from third world countries come here simply for the welfare benefits and nothing else and refuse to integrate and end up in gangs , i do n't feel like the welfare system is appropriate anymore and i am not happy with paying high taxes and social contributions because this system does n't benefit my society anymore . 
  ... we really complain too much, 
  i do n't know what generation , but france has more lenient rules about citizenship, 
  as for your welfare argument : check the us, 
  how have we dealt with immigrants , by creating ghettos ? 
  give me a break, 
  for france , it 's their citizens . 
  same for belgium . 
  and netherlands is like the only country where you get both a low-skilled and a high-paying job without speaking a word , which is basically impossible here or in france, 
  let 's not be stupid social cohesion has tangible effects too . 
  it 's the will to help those around you , the will to keep a welfare state . 
  having community rules , keeping your doors unlocked at all times , leaving your kids around knowing your neighbor will keep an eye . 
  simple , everyday life stuff - living in a neighborhood with predominantly immigrant population means you can not do that , simple as that . 
  what is your suggestion ? 
  if they are coming to my city , i expect them to adapt to my local norms . 
  simple as that . 
  speak the language well , send their kids prepared to school , get a job , be on time , behave respectfully , be fine with our holidays , appreciate what opportunity they were given , give up their old conflicts . 
  if someone does n't integrate , will i beat them up ? 
  of course not . 
  but if i wo n't employ them , i wo n't rent to them . 
  simple as that . 
  hey , nthg wrong with that . 
  i love that tradition . 
  i just find it funny, 
  yes , i know about stats . 
  stats that are majorly skewed due to mini-jobs and forced training by the employment agencies . 
  do n't get me wrong , even after counting in all those stuff , our unemployment rate is still ahead of every country bar uk & czechia , but it 's not the gloomy bubbly thing that is presented in other countries . 
  and our problem is with low-skilled unemployment - once you get a degree , you * will * get a job . 
  however , keeping up with what your parent comment said , the refugees are not educated ( even the syrians and iranians with uni degrees are not comparable ) or trained and they do n't speak the language so it does n't solve anything except adding another burden on our welfare system . 
  we do n't have full employment , wtf are you talking about, 
  you edited your comment , i only replied to your first sentence 2 . 
  the rest of eu agreed on the sanctions right ? 
  the push was by kerry , in middle of bulgaria . 
  merkel encouraged the southstream publicly 4 . 
  however , yes , the nordstream is a shady deal 5 . 
  what is there to be surprised about ? 
  do n't you care about your job ? 
  oh , i never wanted sanctions in the first place , for personal income-related reasons, 
  so do you want sanctions or not ? 
  either we * push * them or no sanctions . 
  they would n't be implemented `` democratically '' and without what in the us is called `` lobbying '' . 
  take your pick . 
  i worked in an italian restaurant . 
  the idea of adding one more or one less tomato to a sauce was pure blasphemy for my bosses . 
  suggesting to make a sauce slightly spicy if grandmas in naples do it without spices ? 
  that was basically begging to get yourself fired . 
  they are state owned . 
  go visit wolfsburg , the city looks crumbled . 
  yeap , we were poor , jobless and trying to understand what went wrong . 
  unemployment was above 10 % . 
  unemployment went down after 2005 ( schroeder reforms ) , gdp started to grow again , our manufacturing got back on it 's feet . 
  personally , i consider the crisis as the changing moment . 
  the rest of the world were in trouble , we were like `` blah , a headache '' . 
  it was the first moment i came to terms with the fact that we do not simply have a big gdp , but our economy is * strong * . 
  many things here are shit , but being able to find a job is always a good thing . 
  i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . 
  we just created a new black market for fun . 
   aside from precision and high tech , manufacturing is a poor countries game anyway  the latest crisis  germany three concepts , one of them does n't belong here . 
   we take dublin-responsibility for all syrians there are a few problems with this part though . 
  was said without the smallest bit of consultation with the states . 
  i simple `` hey guys , please count how many refugees can you shelter in your state , hugs '' email sent to all states would suffice . 
  was said after three years of italy publicly asking for help to process it 's immigrants 3 . 
  was said while being 100 % aware that we have a serious problem with deportations & that they wo n't work . 
  was magically translated into `` everyone is welcomed '' . 
  i am not saying that was merkel 's aim , however , she should know better than that . 
  she 's been around for decades , one would assume she has an idea or two about how words are twisted . 
  was without any kind of consultation with any partner , let alone the whole eu . 
  encouraged risky travelling to europe , risking thousands of lives and helping traffickers 7 . 
  is combined with one of the best welfare systems in the world ( yes , worse than it was , still better than other 190 countries ) . 
  you can not have a great welfare system and huge influxes of immigrants and/or refugees . 
  it does n't work , because naturally everyone entering eu will come directly here ( or to sweden ) . 
  i am not against us taking refugees . 
  i am absolutely against the terrible disaster of epic proportions that was the mis-management of this crisis by our government . 
  especially after the ttip mess really starts, 
  joke 's on you , that 's why we tell the ` muricans that doener is our traditional dish , to prevent these problems . 
  the sweden ca n't take anymore . 
  simple as that . 
  we still can - but the koeln news wo n't make people that happy . 
  i just do n't understand how we 'll be able to stop it . 
  do we have someone from albania who host refugees from kosovo at home here at reddit ? 
  maybe he 'll be able to give a full answer . 
  i can imagine the reaction in poland if we did n't force sanctions on half of europe . 
  `` ze germans are conspiring with moscow to invade poland again ! '', 
  edit : my comment was written before the parent comment was edited . 
  i forgot to calculate the pension part , my bad, 
  it was a major mess . 
  eli5 : they wanted to keep their own business practices , instead of adapting to local laws ( ! ), 
  and traditions . 
  their products were overpriced for the quality and could n't compete with aldi , etc. 
  they had waaay to many products and those huge stores and 15 types of ketchup you 'd have to choose from . 
  the way they dealt with their staff was terrible .
