  the first two wo n't happen anytime soon , and it 's not our fault , and a strong east will mean more german influence , and that 's not our fault either , we ca n't just change our geographical position . 
  germany is - and will always be - too big for europe . 
  it 's not the fault of the eu , or the fault of the south , or whatever . 
  it 's a fact of life . 
  we 're a big nation that regularly rebuild our economy . 
  we will be too big for europe in the long run regardless of what happens with the eu . 
  the eu makes sure there are checks & balances , and that smaller countries get more representation in decision-making & influence to push their interests . 
  me neither bro , me neither . 
  but we did n't want one , so go ask france to pay , 
  we ca n't become a transfer union because ez has countries like greece or italy . 
  simple as that . 
  by saying that you ca n't see the point of staying in the ez w/o transfers you prove my point : greece is only in for dem sweet sweet monies from abroad , not to reform itself & grow up . 
  and at this point , i feel like the vast , * vast * majority of my compatriots have stopped caring, 
  if they want the ez , they have to act like grownups . 
  and how will your economy manage after that ? 
  your interest rates would go with double digits ... oh wait . 
  if we and netherlands and baltics countries and slovakia/finland leave ( none of them wants to pay for greece ) , it 'll be a southern union . 
  and good luck with that, 
  yeah but if we do n't do that , we 're literally nazis . 
  r/europe in a nutshell . 
  cdu , yeah . 
  good luck with the csu, 
  conservatives sometimes have good arguments too you know , they 're not mutually exclusive, 
  mate , you 've read the wrong bible with the `` love your neighbor , unless he 's black or muslim '', 
  if this continent thinks we are throwing our weight around , this continent is stupid . 
  deciding over what ? 
  banana shapes ? 
  i vote for one whose program is basically `` get our money , shut up & let us allow to govern our region in whatever way we see fit '' it works . 
  countries with strong anti-eu , anti-immigration parties are all ( bar uk ) countries that made it fine out of the crisis . 
  germany ? 
  excellent economy . 
  great . 
  netherlands ? 
  very good . 
  poland ? 
  better than ever . 
  meanwhile countries hit by the crisis & on 20 % unemployment are electing cute girls and guys . 
  with a conservative argument . 
  `` two grownups taking responsibility towards each-other '', 
  and have people lose their savings ? 
  `` they should thank greece for not defaulting on the debts * they * took for * their * budget at * their * own risk because * they * were unable to take care of * their own * country w/o racking up 10 % deficits '', 
  how she managed 2015 is as christian as it can possibly , physically get . 
  i did n't agree with it , but it was absolutely the christian thing to do . 
  merkel is a conservative . 
  get out of your bubble & you understand it . 
  ahem , check police reports . 
  no k\u00f6ln , but crime rates of eastern europeans are through the roof for whatever crime you pick . 
   bulgarians or albanians you picked the two most criminal groups , but nvm, 
  you should go to church everyday & thank god turkey does n't invade cyprus & commit genocide against your people there . 
  because france blackmailed us ? 
  my country 's unification is more important than the greek economy . 
  and the spanish economy . 
  and the italian economy . 
  of course , she 's chancellor . 
  unions are a very important element of social cohesion . 
  but definitely not austerity , which was the guy 's point . 
  he blamed austerity for nationalism rise . 
   globalism nothing wrong with it  mass 3rd world immigration and cee/se immigration too , if we want to be completely accurate . 
  these parties came up recently , and it 's not a surprise that it happened after eu enlargement & the south being hit badly by the crisis . 
  if you compare numbers of immigrants in main eu countries , you 'd see that poles/hungarians/spaniards / italians/greek/romanians / bulgarians vastly outnumber `` 3rd world immigration '', 
  merkel is a globalist , and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  we 're the world 's biggest exporter for god 's sake , how the hell can our economy survive if we have a non-globalist government ? 
   it 's evident that austerity and mismanagement from right wing parties have fuelled anti-establishment , populist and nationalistic sentiment . 
  how ? 
  nationalistic , anti-establishment sentiment is present in germany , austria , netherlands , denmark , uk , poland , hungary . 
  please explain , in short sentences , how the hell austerity damaged these countries ( bar uk ) . 
  because every single one of them ( bar uk ) made it out of the crisis safe and sound , and everyone of them is in a much better economic position in 2016 than in 2006 . 
  i can speak in detail about poland & germany , and they 're both countries that managed the crisis exceptionally well & are doing just fine economically speaking . 
  both had and still have governments from the right side of politics . 
  countries hit by austerity are southern countries who are voting left . 
  3/4 of them have leftist governments , and the fourth has a leftist majority with a center-right president . 
  and then there 's france , but it 's such a mess of epic proportions that i wo n't even begin to analyze . 
  do n't blame the rise of nationalism on austerity if austerity worked out fine for today 's right-wing voters . 
  for five more years mate . 
  five more years , then we talk . 
  italian health system is pretty good . 
  definitely better than ours . 
  and their social net is practically non-existent . 
  most countries have a bicameral system with both chambers having equal powers & ping-ponging laws to each other because some tiny place in puglia elected some tiny guy who has a cousin whose interests would be affected by the new law ? 
  he just resigned now what ? 
  sorry , am on my phone 2 . 
  well , good luck to them . 
  but how come votes are not leaking from syriza to pasok but to nd ? 
  any snap elections expected in 2017 ? 
  not if they support basic income in a country that 's practically impossible to implement it . 
  your politics are such a rollercoaster mate . 
  did n't nd drop to 20 % two years ago ? 
  same here , the last time they were in power they made reforms that were considered center-right . 
  not that i 'm complaining : a ) the reforms were absolutely necessary b ) am a csu voter, 
  progressive does n't mean on the left side . 
  and m5s being one depends on your definition of the word . 
  and does anyone know what the hell is going on in belgium ? 
  if you think merkel is a left-winger , your media is doing something exceptionally wrong . 
  and they have * tsipras * mein gott . 
  i have to officially become a csu member . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  people are fed up with experts . 
  they know their system is already ineffective & has been so for decades . 
  they had the option to make it more effective . 
  they voted against it .
