  if he refused to learn them , he 's ignorant . 
  if he 's bragging about it , he 's also an idiot . 
  sure , there is a reason why three words for the same thing have three different genders , but i 'm not sure that such logic makes sense to anyone but germans . 
  that 's sth that has to be taught to every a1 learner : the article is taken from the last one in there . 
  i 've already declared on r/europe that my english is sub-par, 
  arabic-sounding-german is how my colleague describes it, 
  yes you do . 
  you need to know the grammar properly , instead of just learning to speak from what you hear , because those who learned speaking by osmosis make so much mistakes its nuts . 
  how is a language where no one has a fucking idea how to pronounce words because there are no rules the ideal language ? 
   verkehrsinfrastrukturfinanzierungsgesellschaft i 've heard it used in normal speech . 
  politics is the art of getting shit done . 
  period . 
  end of the story . 
  the quicker they get it , the better off they 'll be . 
  we could also all vote for the pirate party , but * that 's not how it works * . 
  you elect the woman ( or man , schulz voters are also cool by me ) who can get the job done . 
   she would rather import homophobic people to her country than to give marriage equality . 
  she 's not a homophobic person . 
  she 's a smart politician who has to keep her * conservative * party together , especially when she 's under attack from the right-wing . 
  she 's modernised the cdu without going full nuts . 
  she 's contributed to germany progressing & being a better place than a decade ago , and she 's done that without pissing off 49,9 % of the country . 
  in my humble opinion , that 's more `` progressive '' than yelling about fluid pronouns , harassing people on social media for having conservative political views , focusing on identity politics , having heavy cognitive dissonance , burning flags , or staying at home because your favorite guy got beaten by a social progressive by millions of votes . 
   you bernie people are fucking nuts that 's a tl ; dr for every `` liberal '' reddit thread . 
  backlash against social progress had nothing to do with it ? 
  i think / u/sultry _ somnambulist described it better than i can . 
   scotus does n't give a shit about rubbing something in people 's faces , they found a right as a matter of law . 
  i did n't mean scotus , i meant parts of the population . 
   i 'm still in germany ; i 'll never leave my kids . 
  there 's no way for the court to know that for sure tho . 
  do n't get me wrong , i understand why you 're not happy about not seeing your kids as you should , and i 'm sure you 're a lovely father . 
  but the court has to keeps the child in mind , and their well-being is literally the only thing that matters for the court ( your feelings do not ) , and there 's a risk you decide to leave the country with the children , and your children staying in germany instead of being dragged out of the country by their dad , is definitely and without any discussion , on their best interest ( assuming your wife is n't abusing them or anything ) . 
  pushed through the courts , and one of the most important factors trump won that 's the thing with some social progressives , they think getting on people 's face is a good idea . 
  it does not work like that . 
  and i 'm pro gay marriage btw . 
  we should reaaaally ban refugees from sex . 
  sex banned . 
  problem solved . 
   refugees have a lot of privileges . 
  what ? 
  and i 'm very against how the government managed the crisis , btw . 
  but that sentence is factually wrong on so many levels . 
  news flash , there have been riots for the past years . 
  another one on may 1st . 
  news flash , burning cars does n't solve economic woes . 
   schwarzarbeit  spanish flag i see the plan is working . 
  or they have mental health issues . 
  the vast majority of our homeless have mental problems or addictions . 
  it 's not as easy as `` they lazy '' . 
  but i agree . . if you need shelter in germany , you find shelter . 
  or we invest more in programming classes in school or we invest more in re-training . 
  because basically we 've moved from `` gib jobs '' to `` gib workers '' , and no , they 're both bad . 
   \u00e7omars wtf does that mean ? 
  it helps because the unemployment rate is not a be-all , end-all . 
  however , based on the well-accepted definition , it 's the single most telling sign of the health of an economy . 
  no , children , retirees , people with depression staying in a mental healthcare facility do n't count . 
  and thank god for that . 
  the german government counts 1,2 million people that americans/eurostat/etc does n't count as unemployed . 
  kidnapped as in staying in germany with your wife instead of going to the us with you ? 
  of course the court will decide that the kids stay in germany , that 's not even debatable . 
   our constitutional court should follow the example . 
  ah , found the guy who slept through class when they talked about our juridical system . 
  no , you 're saying you ca n't be both pro-family and against gay marriage . 
  truth is , you can . 
  anything wrong with that ? 
  csu is still against gay-marriage . . 
  our laws are n't supposed to be based on bible . 
  i am now a csu member , and i do n't think i 've heard a csu politician quote scriptures to support his position ( not counting the `` do good '' lines we all say ), 
  yes . 
  you do n't get to become a female chancellor from the cdu by not not being likeable . 
  you do n't get a 60 % approval rate after 12 years in power , including during the biggest global financial crisis in almost a century , and after the biggest mess since reunification , for which she was partly responsible for , by not being likeable . 
  i have yet to meet someone who outright disrespects and hates her , and i have friends who voted for the afd and die linke . 
  but / u/thetarget3 said `` likeable and charismatic '' . 
  merkel is very likeable . 
  what i meant by my comment is n't `` how many uncharismatic leaders are out there ? '' . 
  sch\u00e4uble is n't just uncharismatic : he 's outright hate-able ( see every single thread about southern europe in r/europe ) . 
  he 's also someone who would be easy to be hated from a german perspective , and a stringent finance minister who earned his respect by basically being as much of a hardliner as possible . 
  yet , he 's loved by many , and liked by over 70 % of the country , over a decade . 
  our cuts , our unemployment . 
  there 's no universe in which germany is more corrupted than italy or greece , period . 
  but have your breitbarts , sure . 
  but how sch\u00e4ubles are there ? 
  the guy is our most well-respected politician because he 's rough af , but i ca n't think of many other examples . 
   for now there 's time until september for a full explosion . 
  petry is pretty good at her job , objectively speaking . 
  `` normalizing '' a xenophobic party and getting millions of votes in bw & other key states is no small feat . 
  `` the spokesman said she has the party 's full trust '', 
  you should be able to find a job reaaaally quickly ( assuming your english is very good ) . 
  but start learning german from turkey if you decide to come here - it 's both helpful , and you get some goodwill . 
  minijobs have gone down like crazy no ? 
   this type of business criminality is happening in other countries but not to that extend the first sentence of this comment says germany is more corrupted than italy , spain , and greece . 
  definitely not reading the rest of the comment . 
  the cuts in our social system during the 2000 were an order of magnitude bigger than whatever greece/spain/italy has done in the last 6 years . 
  now we 're reaping the benefits, 
   how much is a hgv licence to drive a truck in germany ? 
  the company will cover the cost source : that 's what we do . 
   soon ha . 
  you lucky , lucky boy . 
  it 's been three years here . 
  the law also ca n't fucking micro-manage how religious communities organise their own damn business . 
  yes , but afd has lost tons of votes to him,
