  not really , it depends on the state, 
  no one is saying it 's all rainbows . 
  what we 're saying is we 're at the absolute best economic time since reunification ( and if we keep women labor participation rate in mind , then it 's our best moment * ever * ) . 
  unemployment is down , in most of the country literally everyone who wants a job can get it , incomes are up , we 're consuming more than usually relative to income , our economy is stable af , our public finances are on fleek . 
  yes , there are problems with poverty - some because of statistical details , some are really relevant problems . 
  but we are in a very good position , and we should be aware of that because with all the anti-trade bullshit going on at the moment , it wo n't last for long . 
  dude , i 'm pro legalization and i like it sometimes . 
  but i do n't actively care about it . 
  it 's a non-issue , it 's absolutely , totally and completely irrelevant to anyone who does n't have a fetish for smoking in front of the bavarian police . 
  if this is the one single issue that keeps you awake at night , you live in a parallel land where there are no problems and no crisis and the only issue is marijuana . 
  not so secretly , he 's made it clear in the past he admires her even if he had no issue whatsoever criticising her sharply . 
  at the end of the day , in these times , having two candidates who genuinely respect each-other is a blessing . 
  no one 's gon na let him do eurobonds unless they want the schr\u00f6der-disaster to look like a walk in the park . 
   charismatic schulz ? 
   many people are tired of merkel 's pragmatic policies both on a federal and european level . 
  people who do n't want pragmatic policies need an urgent awakening . 
  well , we have to wait & see shall we ? 
  i 'll campaign against schulz , but he 's the best candidate they could field in this situation , and i think he 's gon na do pretty well . 
   as an outsider schulz also has much more freedom to criticise the merkel government , true  attacking merkel for her failure to maintain european unity by alienating our partners with her unilateral decisions but how ? 
  and which `` unilateral decisions '' if he attacks her for being too hard on greece , then she 'll reply back with `` so you 'll be soft on greece ? 
  you want eurobonds ? 
  cool '' if he attacks her for the refugee crisis , what 's he gon na say ? 
  he either says he 'd close the border if he was chancellor & make himself look like a lying duck , or he 'd say he 'd have a more liberal policy ( which would lead to more conflict inside the eu & is n't the preferred option by many potential voters ) he can , of course , do the campaign talk of `` she should have talked and considered and thought and communicated '' and all those pretty political words . 
  but a. 
  people are tired of those b. good-fucking-luck beating merkel with empty words . 
  c. schulz wants to ( and should ) present himself as a breath of fresh air . 
  bullshitting his way to the chancellery wo n't be possible . 
  if he wins , he 's gon na win in a honest , proper campaign . 
  attacking merkel on foreign policy in general is a pretty , pretty bad idea , because it 's the field where she 'd win - hands down - against everyone bar steinmeier . 
  she 's the first german chancellor ever to have that kind of presence in the eu . . that 's not sth people have just forgotten . 
  yes , i know they want to privatize it ( they ca n't actually ) . 
  i just replied to your `` inheritance tax '' comment because it 's practically a non-issue for most people . 
   globalist being an anti-globalist in the biggest exporter in the world is kinda stupid tho . 
  1/4 of jobs depending on globalism , free trade , all that stuff . 
  we 're talking 12 million jobs . 
  before parties get in the government , they sign a contract in order to prevent stupid shit & infights from happening during the next 4 years . 
  the agreement was for no gay marriage in 2013, 
  how can the german chancellor ( or anyone bar draghi ) do qe ? 
  with all due respect , from the top of my head , i can think of at least 20 issues far , far more urgent than fucking cannabis . 
  go to any big city bar munich , you can smoke it anywhere & no one will care . 
  now get we please get some stability in order to sustainably solve all our big , relevant problems ? 
  let 's be honest : most of people really do n't give a flying fuck about inheritance tax . 
  it is such a tiny portion of our budget and such a mess from a legal point of view that no one 's gon na sit down , study the issue and decide its vote based on that ( unless , of course , is about to inherit some huge fortunes ) . 
  yes , it 's entirely possible to pass a law that says the minimum wage should be based on recommendation of the chancellor , but a. i do n't think that 's the right thing to do or it 'll become a bigger electoral issue for the next decades b. i do n't think we should increase it on a federal level as it 's too high already c. i would suggest increasing it in several expensive cities , but even there , it looks to be like market forces have taken care of it and most respective jobs have been jumped above the minimum rate . 
  d. to increase income for low-income there are plenty of ways to do it . 
  a simple adjustment that would have the same effect is doubling the tax-free allowance ( the `` commuter '' thingie ) which due to progressive tax rates , affects mostly low-income . 
  it would cost around 7 billion to the budget ( less than our annual surplus last year ) , but keep in mind that almost the whole thing would go into consumption back in the economy and then a portion of it back to the state budget . 
  it would also eliminate some of the paperwork , time spent and bureaucracy required at the moment for tax filing , which is always a good idea . 
  it 's a mit recommendation i think . 
  personally , i think a small decrease in income tax for low-income is more beneficial than artificially increasing the minimum wage to an unsustainable level . 
  yeah , we 're also an utter mess . 
  but we 're the stablest , sanest mess of any big country , and that 's good enough for 2017 . 
  and thank god cdu will block it . 
  more like between western & eastern germany . 
  rural bavaria votes for afd less than metropolitan d\u00fcsseldorf , let alone dresden or tiny towns in the east . 
  if he wants to lose the elections , i 'm sure he will . 
   increase the minimal wage i do n't even think he can personally do that , we have procedures in place for all these kind of increases . 
  and btw , i do n't think we should increase it on a federal level because it 's a huge cost for businesses in small eastern towns that already got hit by it . 
  most germans , if not absolutely all , know perfectly well that he 's more pro-immigration and pro-multikulti than merkel . 
  that argument simply does n't stand . . if someone votes schulz because he does n't want `` merkel 's immigration '' , that person has to inform himself . 
  thank god , i was both surprised & horrified at his comments, 
  well katrin & cem are green politicians from the conservative side , and lindner is the pro-business liberal . 
  take your pick . 
  we have another 3 really good candidates if anyone 's interested, 
  good does n't even begin to describe it . 
  he 's quite dull , but he 's more hip than merkel, 
  it 's fucking amazing how they pulled this one off . 
  in times of discontent with the `` establishment '' , spd fields a respected , no-one-hates-him , competent candidate . 
  honestly , as a csu voter . . bravo . 
  that being said , it 's also amazing how we can choose between merkel & schulz , in 2017, 
  yes he is on the left of merkel . 
  he 's the spd candidate & merkel is the conservative candidate . 
  it 's fucking amazing how they pulled this one off . 
  in times of discontent with the `` establishment '' , spd fields a respected , no-one-hates-him , competent candidate . 
  honestly , as a csu voter . . bravo . 
  that being said , it 's also amazing how we can choose between merkel & schulz , * in 2017 * edit : i 'll hijack my own comment to add this from another comment : it 's also amazing that we should have a more or less clean campaign . 
  schulz can only win by presenting himself as `` fresh breath of air '' & that will require him to be as respectful as possible and refrain from bullshit bashing . 
  merkel always plays it nice in campaigns . 
  while i expect tauber & the rest of the crowd to go full electoral campaign mood , the top candidates will act like grownups . 
  i was afraid siggy might slip into bullshitting ( e.g. 
  criticising the government for doing the things he pushed for ) , but if he stays calm and schulz manages to contain himself when he gets emotional . . it 's gon na be good . 
   in principle , the market creates this by investors migrating their financial assets to the german market , thereby simultaneously selling dutch debt instruments and buying german ones . 
  let me get this . 
  scenario 1 : no common currency . 
  due to several reasons , like risk , investors decide sell their dutch bonds & buy german bonds . 
  return on dutch bonds goes up . 
  return on german bonds goes down . 
  scenario 2 : both nl & de have the same currency . 
  due to several reasons , like risk , investors decide sell their dutch bonds & buy german bonds . 
  return on dutch bonds goes up . 
  return on german bonds goes down . 
  now , why is the currency to blame if the same would happen in scenario 1 ? 
  that 's what i do n't get . 
  the market is supposed to be efficient , regardless of whether we operate with the same currency or not . 
  what i am saying is : german bonds are safe not because of the euro , but because they 're german bonds . 
  dutch bonds are still safe , but not as safe as german bonds . 
  dutch bonds are riskier than german bonds , with or without the euro . 
  that held true in 1987 ; that holds true in 2017 . 
  so why are you blaming it on the euro ? 
  that 's my question .
