  i am absolutely on the right , 
  fun fact : in the question `` who can deal better with the problems in germany '' , cdu gets 31 % ; spd gets 13 % , an increase of two points . 
   i like schulz , but i do n't like kraft and j\u00e4ger then vote spd on federal in september , go cdu for nrw . 
  merkel being hesitant has nothing to do with laschet . 
   but right now we finally make some good progress in immigration and security matters in germany and europe and i 'm not sure if schulz will be able continue the that course that 's a cute tl ; dr on why i 'm voting csu, 
  except pis has apparently decided to give up on that rhetoric . 
  yeah , no . 
  we need poland in the block , thankyouverymuch . 
  he 's a good guy , i would n't mind him as vice-chancellor , 
  yeap , i am sorry , i thought prey was supposed to be the `` bad guy '', 
  is laschet focusing on internal security ? 
  i remember seeing him a couple of times talking about it , and it 's definitely sth man can attack the current government on . 
  and i like the guy - he 's both realistic and a conservative , while not going full csu & screaming for minaret bans and whatever you have . 
  personally , i 'll root for a jamaica - it would be a nice ease-in for a federal coalition , winning the biggest bundesland is always a huge plus for federal elections , and i never liked kraft anyway . 
  schleswig-holstein is looking like a sure thing , and i 'm keeping my fingers crossed that the schulz hype does n't affect saarland . 
  this year will be fun . 
  you live in nrw ? 
  how ae polls looking ? 
  last time i checked , die linke was below 5 % , thus making a rrg impossible , and a rg is waaay below the required numbers . 
  yes , you 're absolutely correct for the federal level . 
  headless chicken . 
  see ? 
  as a csu voter : he was bluffing in there . 
  that 's why he threatened with a constitutional court `` lawsuit '' and never did it . 
   right now they seem to be out of touch with the current reality . 
  on a federal level they , and only because of the nutjobs . 
  they got some issues on a federal level , and they * have * to solve them . 
  they really have to reform the party & decide on one direction instead of the current russian salad . 
  on a local level , they 're killing it . 
  bw , important partner in the biggest bundesland ( & hint : they 'll be in government after may too ) , doing a badass job as junior in hessen , and peacemakers in th\u00fcringen . 
  electorally , they 're performing very well everywhere but in bayern . 
  yeah , you can say some of their state measures are out of touch , but they 're definitely taken seriously by the voters since , you know , they 're being voted in . 
   i do n't mean to campaign for germany 's spd but right now they 're the only people pushing forward a functional solution ( eu federalism ) . 
  schulz has apparently uttered the words `` eurobonds are a thing of a past '' on ard ( that 's what reddit says , i have n't seen it mentioned anywhere ) and no one 's gon na campaign on a eurobonds-campaign . 
  parties usually try to win elections , not lose them . 
  we already have mallorca as an unofficial 17th bundesland . 
  mein gott , it 's a poll about the eu , you have to learn german . 
  yes , but that does n't make her suddenly less mature than cameron & his gang . 
  she 's a little `` green '' when it comes to foreign policy , but she 's definitely a reliable person overall , and i think no one else in that list deserves that adjective . 
  we can totally pay for that, 
  because slavs also hate each-other plus they have a thing for including millions of non-slavs in there . 
  because the country did n't exist in 1912 ? 
  they stopped ? 
  or just took a break ? 
  after years of cameron & that gang , people drop expectations . 
  may has her problems , but at least she 's a grownup and perfectly rational . 
  i strictly refuse to think about my chancellor 's sexual personality , but i got ta say , she 's got boobs . 
  hope no one showed this pic to trump . 
  civey polls are a different thing from spiegel , 
  well , the conservative greens in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg for example are sweethearts , led by a very competent man , and the green-black government is doing a decent - albeit far from perfect - job . 
  our left is divided in three parliamentary parties , and whether they can form a coalition or not in september is sth to keep tabs on . 
  reddit seems to love the idea , 
  til i stopped reading comments anywhere but reddit a looong time ago . 
  merkel is also amazing at ignoring the shit people throw at her , and focusing only on what can be worked out . 
  they never fail to entertain me . 
  the hardliners in die linke do n't want to be part of the government either , it 's much easier to stay on the side & complain endlessly . 
  that being said , we gladly welcome / u/fluchpunkt on the dark side ( literally ), 
  and it takes balls to refer to schulz as fat while we would have gabriel instead of him . 
  merkel is n't exactly anorexic either . 
  on the other hand , der spiegel ( dunno about spiegel online & their visitors ) is a liberal-left publication , so i think most of their visitors should n't be cdu . 
  on top of that , cdu has the old vote which does n't stay on internet . 
  and this poll results are pretty in line with others . 
  that being said , we 're still in february . 
  there 's a long way to go . 
  the campaign has n't even started . 
   i mean at least no `` veggie day '' take it easy . 
  it 's just february . 
  another 8 months to go full nuts and start talking about giving people tax cuts for being vegans . 
   no clear idea how to handle actual problems in germany and europe and i dont see them above 10 % it 's amazing how they have such respectable figures like cem , katrin or kretschmann , and still their nutjobs insist on nutjobness . 
  a shame really . . they could be a very good alternative ( ha ! ), 
  in times like this . 
  and did they finally decide wtf they 're gon na do with the wealth & inheritance tax dispute ? 
  ** note 1 : again , my english is not perfect , feel free to correct any words ** ** note 2 : i found the text very interesting , i 'd love to hear the comments from poles ** a taboo has fallen poland did n't want to hear about a two-speed europe . 
  pm sydlo is now open , for the first time , to the proposals of the federal chancellor only the weather was cold : merkel and szydlo are closer in terms of content . 
  the chancellor and the pm called each-other `` angela '' and `` beata '' when they were in front of the press on tuesday . 
  merkel and szydlo are good with each-other . 
  they are , in spite of all differences on surface , a polish national conservative and a german christian-democrat . 
  the relationship between the two is only one of many signs that poland has been trying to approach german leadership for some time . 
  warsaw has crossed roads with eu in many ways since the national-conservative party pis started ruling . 
  because of kaczynski 's crusade against the judiciary , which he just rectified , the eu has opened legal proceedings against poland . 
  regarding the migration crisis , szydlo refuses strictly to fulfill the commitments of the liberal government before her and accept 7000 refugees . 
  poland insists on a zero quota . 
  in any case , the catholic right in poland has never liked the `` colonization '' of `` liberal europe '' , with its gay rights and gender theories . 
  nevertheless , an important pillar of this image of the world is not there anymore : fear of berlin , fed by german ww2 crimes . 
  that eu was the dangerous german subjugation was , for a long time , the alpha of the polish interpretation of europe . 
  then , the omega was that merkel pursued this goal through an `` exis '' to moscow -- just like hitler and stalin , in their division pact of 1939 . 
  merkel does , was no one does : she united poland . 
  this view is now in background . 
  kaczysnki , the most powerful man in the country , has changed his once very rough way of talking about the chancellor at a breathtaking pace . 
  he was talking about the danger of a german-russian `` kondominium '' about poland , and he alleged merkel was part of stasi . 
  suddenly he praises her . 
  several times he wished her a win in the next federal elections , and on wednesday they will meet in person for the first time in a long time . 
  merkel has a chance : the polish government needs reliable partners . 
  if you look into the polish countryside , you can see that kaczysnky is not alone in this damascus experience . 
  merkel manages what no one manages to do : she united poland . 
  the liberal opposition is on her side anyway . 
  now though , even publications of the right-wing camp , previously criticizers of germany , show togetherness . 
  there 's a talk about `` modernization partnership '' and `` rationality '' . 
  the reason for this change is what the publicist adam krzeminski called the german-polish | bredouillengemeinschaft '' : germany and poland have the same problems . 
  they are close to the eastern border of europe and look to russia with concern .
