  if eu can not come up with a proper stance on a european country being invaded by russia , then whatever happens in what is the farthest possible place from my hometown should not concern you . 
  of-fucking-course we should be able to formulate a common statement on this , no doubt about that , but we should not mess beyond that with things that are so far away when we ca n't even manage maghreb , turkey or russia . 
  a journo on my twitter says there are dead bodies from the truck that hit the crowd ( 1min ago ), 
  die welt just sent this out but no other info the fuck is happening ? 
  read what he says about boris, 
  technically , we have mogherini . 
  then he can comb his own hair and go on with his job , he 's not kim jong . 
  france had 50 million in the '70 no ? 
  we should just declare the last world cup final date our national holiday and get over it, 
  you leave our little sister alone . 
  steinmeier will literally eat him with red hot chilli pepper . 
  ok , why is it 24/24 ? 
  i genuinely ca n't see how he needs a hairdresser at all times , it 's not like he has some weird mohawk that needs styling every two hours . 
  if merkel can get her ass to the hairdresser to get a haircut like a normal person , so can a male hollande with five strands of hair . 
  shit , that 's lower than hollande 's . 
  food . 
  overall unemployment rate in eu is around 10 % . 
  the only eu countries with lower unemployment than the us are germany & czech republic, 
  we 've had 80 million people ( in total ) in 1980 , and we have 81 million today . 
  grow bitch grow . 
  i 'll never , for the love of god , understand why greek politicians insist on speaking in english . 
  not only are they terrible at it , they also have a very heavy accent . 
  although i 'll have to mention papandreu : the man spoke better english than obama himself . 
  no , not really tbh, 
  shhhh ... 
  if a serbian thug comes and hits you because you 're gay , will the cross on his neck make you feel better ? 
  ok , but half of my neighborhood is still in my neighborhood . 
  you were sold to pay debts can we get to keep mykonos please, 
  we 'll put tusk as the all-powerful emperor of the new eu checkmate polska , 
  as long as sauer gets his ticket , fine by me . 
  polygamy here we come . 
  the fuck are you doing outside anyway ? 
  but what do we speak if we lose at the euros ? 
  and ffs , we need a mandzukic, 
  half of my neighborhood would like a word . 
  i think the general assumption is that our gracious state decided to close both eyes & ears & act like they did n't see what was happening . 
  i did n't say we officially donated guns , that 's ... not us . 
  we also got into a small fight with uk & france because we recognized you before you declared independence or sth like that . 
  they wanted to pass a un resolution against us . 
  the cunts . 
  i have worked with czechs , and i can compare them to slovenians . 
  again , only my anecdotal experience . 
  that 's not the case for serbians , croats or albanians . 
  slovenians are pretty cool in my experience , kind of like the czechs . 
  hard-working , great german , straightforward . 
  you work here too, 
  she uses english in coffee breaks and that stuff , and switches to german immediately when there are business talks . 
  acc to spiegel , her colleagues from abroad were confused in the beginning . 
  thank you dear . 
  what is with that part of europe that apparently loves us ? 
  we kind of armed them ( sorry serbia ) . 
  we took refugees from bosnia , did n't arm them , no song from bosnia . 
  oh and those bosnians were refugees because of the war between croats & serbs * mostly *, 
  i would n't do this if i was you . 
  check your own position in a map . 
  have a thanking-back hug little babies . 
  dubrovnik was cool . 
  i think the other guy simply quoted the campaigners . 
  dunno , ask your fm . 
  or eats her . 
  checkmate . 
  merkel 's english is also pretty bad . 
  there 's a reason why she religiously switches between english & german when it comes to informal vs formal talks, 
  no , that was not what i was addressing at all . 
  for / u/itsajokeautismo : merkel usually gets rid of her political rivals , but she 's found a way to work with sch\u00e4uble although he 's quite strong within the party . 
  they 're still on a formal `` you '' basis and all that . 
  have a hug from rural augsburg . 
  i know about that attack , but that was not merkel, 
  oh , found the well-integrated immigrant !, 
  you do n't have steinmeier for fm do you ? 
  we are n't exactly a tiny country you see . 
  in merkel 's biography they describe the two relationships very well . 
  i think she preferred to work with sarkozy , and i think france under sarkozy was a stronger european leader . 
  hollande , is that you ? 
  i seriously fail to understand what you 're trying to say . 
  thanks, 
  i should remove `` probably '' ? 
  good luck with hollande & his very diverse english vocabulary of five words . 
  ok , thanks , i 'll read up on his old maastricht tricks tonight, 
  the next 007 movie will be fucking brilliant, 
  i had just gotten back home after buying some stuff , wifi reconnects , aleeert , i check it and i nearly dropped an orange . 
  care to explain ? 
  what has david davis done ? 
  we did n't control our coin in the 2000 ... and anyway the bundesbank would rather orchestrate the chancellor 's execution than allow devaluation of the d-mark . 
  she 's publicly discrediting her country because of some old stupid scuffle with this clown of a man . 
  listen , my chancellor is a power-hungry lunatic who has probably tried to kill sch\u00e4uble at least fifteen times ... but not even she has stepped * so * low as to do this . 
  for the first time since brexit , i am genuinely worried about the uk . 
  did they inject sth in their parliament and turned everyone into clownish dummies or what ? 
  the simpsons can not top it . 
  house of cards + got + bb + gossip girl can not top it . 
  this is really the best drama we 'll ever see . 
  except it 's also fucking tragic . 
  the fuck i just got this on the bbc app . 
  the fucking fuck , what a joke . 
  i lost like half of my respect for may in five seconds . 
  they count as bulgarians , as they register as bulgarians . 
  for example , my local foreigner 's office would have no way to know that nikola gruevski ( their pm ) has macedonian passport , if he hops on a plane and registers himself with a bulgarian passport . 
  i think he 's implying that christians & muslims only marry among themselves in macedonia . 
  yes , but canada is a grownup country . 
  macedonia & greece are not .
