  the green party is doing badly in polls . 
  i would n't say we 're in full campaign mode yet , since the chancellor is in office and would n't be able to keep it up for seven months . 
  i think jamaica is the best outcome . 
  but neither of the other two ( rrg or another groko ) are exactly disastrous so whatever . 
  thank you for repeating what a two-speed eu means . 
  and thank god for that . 
  merkel has good taste . 
  if she likes and trusts tusk , that 's one of the reasons i want him to stay . 
  yeah , fuck you pis . 
  german chancellor angela merkel is set to visit washington on march 14 for her first meeting with us president donald trump , with the future of their transatlantic alliance the subject of widespread concern . 
  the meeting of the western world 's two most powerful leaders comes after a difficult start to their relations over trade , security , migration and media freedom . 
  a german official confirmed the visit reported earlier by news agencies , which cited a us official . 
  the news comes days after senior trump officials , including vice-president michael pence , travelled to europe to reassure european counterparts that the us remained committed to nato and supported the eu . 
  the message comes in the midst of european concerns that mr trump might seek to implement isolationist , protectionist and nationalist policies that he touted on the campaign trail . 
  ms merkel initially responded to his election with a pointed message promising cooperation on the basis of `` common values '' , including democracy and the rule of law . 
  in january , the new president and ms merkel spoke on the telephone and issued a joint statement in which they underscored the importance of nato . 
  later ms merkel criticised mr trump 's short-lived travel ban on visitors from seven muslim countries . 
  she has also repeatedly emphasised the importance of a free press in response to questions about mr trump 's assaults on the media . 
  the proposed bilateral meeting comes weeks after mr trump received his first foreign leaders , britain 's theresa may and japan 's shinzo abe . 
  but the cautious german chancellor indicated she was in no rush to see mr trump before the ground could be laid for talks . 
  the two leaders are likely to focus on international issues , including the global economy , trade , the fight against islamic state , nato and ties with russia and china . 
  mr trump is due to visit germany for the first time as president in july , when he attends the g20 industrialised countries ' summit in hamburg . 
  your manufacturing reputation is excellent here, 
  i think more than that, 
   which nobody except the cdu wants ... we do n't want that either i 'm for jamaica, 
  you are a sweetheart . 
   it 's more beneficial to keep the factory at one of your largest plants inside the country of your largest consumers to remove tax ( which they would lose current favorable rates ) and reduce transport yes , i am sure on the most reputable companies in the world will not do the math . 
  excusez-moi , why should the bank take the risk of currency fluctuations ? 
  it 's not their fault you currency might be shit . 
  and it does n't matter . 
  saying stupid things does n't constitute a scandal . 
  the only thing i can think of is nsa, 
  against whom is the right wing rebelling ? 
  billionaires rebelling against millionaires ? 
   the only one i remember because it 's the only one  nsa that was , to my best knowledge , the only time she lied in her 11,5 years as chancellor , and the only thing that she can be linked to  neuland that 's not a scandal , it 's a pr gaffe but nothing to do with a scandal . 
  i doubt there 's anyone anywhere who * really * cares about merkel using that word at one point in her life . 
   censor everything you do n't agree with that 's how trump got elected !!!!, 
  no you dump bacon , trump got elected because there are tens of millions of americans who voted for him . 
  dude , karneval is n't about political analysis . 
  is about brutally mocking politicians in front of millions of drunk people . 
  a float about the consequences of brain drain for rural hospitals in romania would be , frankly , terribly inappropriate . 
  we ... had floats with germany floating italy and greece in 2011 and 2012 . 
  well , looks like our anti-right-wing-radicalization organisations take it too far , albeit manage to do a good job in their primary task . 
  not the first time a neo-nazi ends up a salafist, 
  there 's so much r/shitamericanssay material here that i 'm hoping that subreddit bans all comments from this thread , otherwise it 'll explode down there, 
  yes dude . 
  now back to your safe space . 
  no , it 's actually very funny . 
  that 's the point of the karneval , 
  and we already had one with clinto grabbing boobs , so i ca n't see why the did n't do it this year maybe because you literally ca n't grab a pussy ? 
  dude , you have a referendum . 
  drag your family & friends to the voting polls . 
   having lived in bavaria for about 6 months now , it really is a protective bubble from what is happening in the rest of the world . 
  we 're cute and we 're adorable . 
  that 's just liberal ` muricans wanting to paint her as `` leader of the free world '' . 
  she 's not . 
  no german chancellor can , or should be . 
  she 's the democratically elected ceo of the federal government , and may she remain so for the next four years . 
   scandals merkel scandals ? 
  care to list a couple ? 
  always three years , 
  no , the legal definition is attacking people for political aims . 
  i do n't care what they do in the us , that 's literally none of our business . 
  i am just saying there 's no need whatsoever to pick up fights with them instead of apple/etc . 
  awww . . now kith . 
  but china does n't want to buy our stuff , they want to sell . 
  koch brothers are libertarians , we ai n't got no problem with them , they want free trade and they were against trump . 
  i hope there never comes a day when my country starts fighting over transgender bathrooms . 
  ( now i see your flag . 
  no , i have n't had a blood transfusion , i just like the atmosphere in k\u00f6ln / d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  no , most of my family does n't know ), 
  idc , i 'll be in nrw all around , 
  that thing , with these finger-shaped meatballs , ground red pepper and fresh onions . 
  ttp was not a simple fta , it was a geopolitical project . 
   tbf that trade pact was hated by the majority of reddit i tend to strongly disagree with most of reddit consensus on economics , even tho i agree on most of other stuff  and their christlike figure bernie sanders mein gott . 
   and only recently has tpp suddenly become `` not a bad idea '' because trump is against it . 
  well , i am pro-ceta , pro-tpp , and somewhat pro-ttip ( even tho there are things there i dislike , but i 'd vote `` yes '' in a hypothetical referendum if all remains more or less the same ), 
   lepinja that thing is love . 
   considering the pacific alliance between the us , australia , new zealand , singapore , japan , south korea , and the phillipines has made it very clear this sort of thing is unacceptable . 
  dunno if you noticed hun , but you guys kinda shot down the biggest political ( and economic ) project of the last decades , and thus gave free reign to china . 
  dude , this is fasching weekend . 
  i 'm partying for three days straight , starting tomorrow . 
   taking the mcdonalds meal home ? 
  7 % vat  eating in a mcdonalds ? 
  19 % vat i do n't think so . 
   do you honestly think greece will dare to do this again ? 
  yes . 
  why should n't they ? 
  if you have a giant credit card & can get someone else to pay for it , pro-tip : go for it , go for a trip to bali , buy chancel . 
  well , someone owns that debt you see . 
  our education fund is really huge . 
  i ca n't see why we should add more money to the fund . 
  the problem is with local government messing up projecting & not using that money, 
  yes , it has . 
  they 're all in germany & britain !, 
  free space !, 
   made in germany great again `` made in germany '' never stopped being great . 
  yes you are . 
  your comment is comparing the effects of two different stimulus packages : the `` unintentional '' spending on refugees & the `` intentional '' housing thing ( not that i agree with you : cities with problems should stop incentivizing luxury units through overregulation , instead of socialized housing ), 
  not really , we have our welfare traps too .
