   we 're deporting like 50 % of the asylum applicants in 2015 , so there 's that you `` will '' , acc . 
  to the gov , do that . 
  how many have you deported in 2016 ? 
  you sit down and study !, 
  technically , in more than half of europe a legal curfew would be unconstitutional for men , women or children under 18 , unless the country is in war . 
  and this is not war - this is a huge spike in criminal activity , but i do n't know if that would qualify in sweden . 
  it would n't here . 
  i mean , the swedish police * did * release a description . 
  you can also find it online and keep it in mind if you visit sweden . 
  this is the media being ... whatever . 
  `` we think the attacker is 20-50 years old , speaks broken swedish and was wearing a pair of nike ( the cunt !, 
  they get our tax money and then refuse to buy stuff from our companies ! ), 
  sneakers during the attack . 
  please report if you see him '' . 
  cameron jumped head on in an previously non-existent pressure cooker . 
  do n't mix two separate issues together . 
  in theory , you 'd get a syrian for every syrian that is returned from greece to turkey . 
  so you would n't get the moroccans , algerians , tunisians , pakistanis , etc that otherwise would be in greece and then coming here . 
  of course , this is theory . 
  we all know there 's no way to universally implement this . 
  we already get nurses from philippines so they can also consult !, 
   ( if not already , i think theres about a milion refugees in greece right now correct me if im wrong ) there are 14,000 people stranded in greece as we speak . 
  many of them - syrians from warzones with regular paper are allowed to cross the border to macedonia , they 're simply processed too slowly . 
   you do n't think millions of people will eventually slip on to other countries ? 
  that 's exactly what i think  that things will eventually get violent ? 
  i honestly fear and care for greece  that is brexit coming up and trust towards eu is plummeting ??? 
  brits should decide what they should do . 
  this indecisiveness and the decade-long negotiations are boring us all to death . 
  our pensioners go to portugal . 
  now the new trend is to go to poland . 
  we have a thing for p-countries . 
  paraguay , we 're coming for you !, 
  of course . 
  and syrians are not even the biggest problem . 
  i have heard of no issues with them - i am not saying they 're all `` doctors and scientists '' , but they have behaved all relatively well here . 
  from my experience , they were ok . 
  i 'd rather have 1 million syrians here than a 1-million-bundle-of-everything like what we 're getting . 
  ... that will happen . 
  well , leave it to the turks to do bazaar deals, 
  smuggling from albania to italy stopped only when the albanian government took full control of every mile of their coastline in 2005-2006 . 
  there was a pretty interesting article on spiegel about this some weeks ago . 
  and albania is * tiny *, 
  3 bn in nov = 3 bn in feb. . ok , count in a yearly inflation of 0.5 % of sth . 
  newly arrived refugees in germany when the deal was reached : 950,000 newly arrived refugees in germany today : 1,200,000-1 ,300,000 ( do n't know the correct number ) ... ... ... ... 
  i think there 's a difference, 
  i just posted this but it got deleted, 
  if they accept them , sure, 
  correct , but it 's a matter of accounting really . 
  turkey is not cash-strapped : whether they get the `` physical '' money on november or february is irrelevant , esp . 
  with the super low interest rates for loaning . 
  the issue is , will turkey keep its promise ? 
  i say no . 
  they already had a deal for 3 bn and are now asking for more . 
  in * four months * and they have done absolutely nothing to stop the influx . 
  and btw , it 's not just syrians . 
  in february , half of arrivals in greece were afghanis & iraqis, 
  same way they stopped being being smuggled into italy for the past , what , three decades ? 
  forget all about germany . 
  if you think a european government can stop millions from coming through the sea unilaterally , you should have governed italy in the past three decades . 
  we can even ask them to use our companies for building them !, 
  greece, 
  because they do n't want to hold half a million people in their own territory ? 
  in the past two weeks , there have been 2 days with over 2000 arrivals in greece . 
  of course , we 're still getting a minimum of 400-500 people on a daily basis , but i wo n't complain about that . 
  maybe yoy have n't noticed , but temperatures have been shit . 
  there days when not a single boat landed on greece due to heavy storms . 
  what happens when temperatures go up ? 
  are you saying 8000 people on a daily basis will stay in greece ? 
  240,000 people in may or sth will happily stay there , without trying to leave the country ? 
  you 're saying greece will be able to take care of this crowd ? 
  the same greece we stripped naked for 7 + years ? 
  these people wo n't try to slip into macedonia ? 
  albania ? 
  switch their route to italy ? 
  yes , the turkish military will create kurdistan . 
  makes sense . 
  compared to his army , erdogan is a sweetheart to kurds, 
  ok then , i changed my comment from civil war to `` failed state '' . 
  and nothing better than having 80 million people on our doorstep without a stable government . 
  it would make the current refugee crisis look like a toothache, 
  then wtf is doing half of morocco here ? 
  oh wait , they 're here illegally, 
  he gets b ) next january anyway, 
  sensible marketing yes , does n't mean people ca n't see right through the bullshit, 
  you ca n't deport people to greece . 
  you can be sure angie or the next chancellor wo n't do it . 
  yes , she suddenly started talking about god and telling people they should visit the church and teach their kids about the bible . 
  after 10 years of talking about cdu universal values , after 15 years of moving her party the the center and appearing less and less religious , now she started talking about christian minds and hearts . 
  2,5 million refugees in turkey will be perfectly happy to live in a country in middle of a civil war . 
  not that they escaped war in syria or anything . 
  merkel said she likes that one did n't she ? 
  why would she object then ? 
  no and another schengen country can block that person from entering the country so he 'd have to take a plane . 
  that 's what i am saying, 
  listen , i want the balkan route closed . 
  i absolutely despise how catastrophically merkel has managed this crisis . 
  but if you 're expecting merkel , of all people , to shut up and drink tea and eat biscuits when 26 other people are talking about fucking greece , you 're so wrong that i have no idea what the hell are you doing on this subreddit she may not go as far as block the whole thing indefinitely , but she will make her position pretty clear . 
  edit : wait , wait . 
  wtf is that menu ? 
  yes , but not to the point of kicking her out as that would n't make sense,
