  the proposals `` were formulated without precise knowledge of the numbers and the legal situation in germany '' , said the bda , the german employers ' association . 
  extending the dole `` would make it harder for people to start work again '' . 
  `` politicians , even when they are in campaign mode , should stop and ask which cornerstones have borne the stability of the german labour market in recent years , '' said christoph schmidt , head of the five-member council of economic experts that advises ms merkel on economic policy . 
  others were similarly circumspect . 
  gregor sch\u00f6llgen , a historian and biographer of mr schr\u00f6der , said the spd `` should really think twice '' before rejecting a set of reforms that `` a lot of socialists and social democrats in europe see as a big success '' . 
  there was nothing wrong , he added , in revising some aspects of the legislation . 
  `` but the key question is : is this just the start , and will he end up renouncing agenda 2010 completely ? '' he added . 
  `` if so , that would be a huge mistake . '' konstantin v\u00f6ssing , a political scientist from humboldt university , says that encapsulates the problem for mr schulz -- that it is well nigh impossible to have a dispassionate debate on the schr\u00f6der-era labour reforms . 
  `` even suggesting a few minor improvements like extending benefits for the older , long-term unemployed is seen as controversial , '' he says . 
  `` it 's like you 're either for agenda 2010 or you 're against it . '', 
  investors bought short-dated german debt and forced yields down to a record low on wednesday as concerns over the future of the euro rippled through european markets . 
  investors are buying german paper in an effort to hedge against the prospect of victory for marine le pen , the anti-establishment candidate , who has vowed to remove france from the euro . 
  `` it all seems to be linked with the french political woes , '' said patrick o\u2019donnell , an investor at aberdeen asset management , who described the sense of an `` internal fx trade '' in europe and the safe heaven status of german assets . 
  `` the [ german ] front end is the safest place to be , '' he added . 
  `` if redenomination risk were to reappear , then the short-dated maturities of france and spain would be the ones that would come under pressure . '' investors ' positioning comes despite signs of strong economic growth in the eurozone , which has posted 14 consecutive quarters of growth . 
  economic sentiment is now at its highest level in six years . 
  `` the main weight on the euro is presently not economic but political , '' said marc chandler , strategist at brown brothers harriman . 
  `` these concerns trump the eurozone economic data , which shows steady to stronger growth at the start of the year . '' bond purchases from the european central bank have pushed german yields lower over recent weeks . 
  this momentum has intensified after polls showed growing support for the ms le pen 's national front party , widening the gap between french debt and the bonds of germany and other core eurozone members . 
  dutch two-year yields also hit record lows on wednesday , while french two-year yields , at minus 43 basis points , remain elevated compared with their lows of minus 0.67 per cent at the start of the year . 
  peter schaffrik , an analyst at rbc capital markets , said germany 's short-dated bonds were now one of the `` most sought after assets in financial markets '' . 
  while the possibility of currency redenomination is still seen as extremely unlikely , the political volatility of the last year has left european investors on edge . 
  `` people are sitting up and watching more so now , '' said mr o\u2019donnell . 
  `` they 've gotten brexit wrong , they got trump wrong , '' he added . 
  `` they do n't want to be getting another big political risk wrong . '' the gap between german and us two-year yields has widened to 2.1 percentage points -- its highest since 1999 , when the single currency was first introduced . 
  the divergence between us and german yields is weighing on the euro , which touched a six-week low on wednesday , trading below $ 1.05 to the dollar . 
  yields on swaths of government bonds have been negative in europe over the past year , with more than $ 1.5 tn of asset purchases from the ecb pushing up the prices of bonds and forcing interest rates lower . 
  the ecb in december expanded the universe of debt it can buy to include bonds yielding below the deposit floor of minus 0.4 per cent . 
  this has forced demand for two-year debt higher , and pushed yields lower . 
  the fully-covered women you may see in munich are not `` like that '' . 
  they 're almost always medical tourists who come here for their plasti surgery . 
  having botox i n't that halal either , i 'd say . 
  what 's next , they 'll allow shops to work after 8pm ? 
  dude this is bayern . 
  finding apprentices is harder than already-prepared employees . 
  vacancies are like 1/4 of total positions there . 
  being unable to find employees is also a severe problem . 
  i know small companies who cut production because they ca n't find specialists . 
  people wo n't suddenly learn german and move to another country just because the wage is slightlyyy higher, 
  why the fuck would be need a supercarrier to defend ourselves ? 
  this is n't supposed to be a `` let 's go on an overseas adventure '' military, 
  pensions with 35 years while we have a giant demographic crisis , because why not . 
  idiots gon na do idiotic stuff is also a good answer . 
  ca n't see why these `` foreign '' rioters are worse than dortmund fans who were throwing stones at kids for supporting an energy drink . 
  we even beat their unemployment numbers , lol . 
  yayyy , we 're so sexy . 
  summary of `` proposals '' : extend the payment of initial unemployment benefit in germany beyond the current 12 months introduce a new `` solidarity '' pension that ensured an ample living standard for anyone who had paid into the system for 35 years . 
  reduce the number of limited hours contracts extend worker participation in company appointments introduce better dismissal protections for workers who organize works council elections, 
  denmark got their opt-outs and kept quiet , and you guys kept blabbering and whining for decades . 
   joint governance where a centralised entity takes responsibility for spending , tax , borrowing and that centralised entity is underpinned by the voters in a shared democracy . 
  there 's no doubt , whatsoever , that i am fine with ( another round of ) debt forgiveness for greece if they accept a sch\u00e4uble-like minister of finance . 
  but they do n't . 
  we did ? 
  care to point how did it benefit me ? 
  good , good . 
   what would be the answer if the germans were asked to devalue the deutsche mark euro in order to help the south ? 
  we all know that will not happen that is literally happening dude . 
  the answer is sch\u00e4uble growling & afd getting some extra votes on top of anti-immigrants . 
  but our government would never dare to really mess with draghi . 
  would you fancy a more detailed answer ? 
   not an expert yes , we could deduce that from the conspiracy theory . 
   structural adjustment/austerity programs have been imposed on many countries in the last few decades and they 've never worked . 
  with the exception of germany , denmark and the entire eastern europe . 
  but ultimately it 's germany who takes responsibility over berlin & meck-pomm or whatever . 
  in greece , that 's not the case talking as a bavarian who bashes berlin for being wasteful af, 
  count me in . 
  i have no problem whatsoever with helping countries rebuild themselves . 
  i have a problem with helping their countries screw themselves . 
  being a dick did n't work out the first 127 times they tried or in 2015 , but hey , who am i to talk . 
  better than our neighbors ? 
  i 'll take two , thanks, 
  yay , we 're not the abolute worst !, 
  as a pro-eu person : no . 
  you want euroskepticism to explode in the north so that you can lower euroskepticism in the south ? 
  what a great plan . 
   schengen protecting outer borders  fiscal union yes , i am sure germany and netherlands and austria are soooo willing to see their money go south . 
  any day now . 
  if the rest of europe hates her , that 's a problem for the rest of europe . 
  it wo n't swing my vote . 
  we is lazy . 
  not really , they 're very pro-eu , they just do n't want debt forgiveness . 
  can we have merkel for chancellor / merkel for fm w/o the grand coalition baddies ? 
  i meant them strengthening while merkel remains chancellor, 
  all hail the great !, 
  yeap , saw that on twitter today, 
  for how long tho ? 
  in the cdu , the spahn/strobl part is getting stronger . 
  i also find linnemann quite an interesting case . 
  and i have a feeling every possible election result will strengthen them further . 
  ( ofc , interesting to see how a potential laschey win may shift it the other way ), 
  or they can be the grownup and rule out a rrg like they 've done before which means they 'd be only competing against cdu for who gets first ... good luck with that . 
  count . 
  whom are you voting ? 
  congrats for dumping afd , 
  and sigmar just warned against more military spending fuck , this will become an electoral topic, 
   at this juncture , however , it 's not the ultimate winner that matters most . 
  what counts right now is that , after two extremely lackluster election seasons , we are looking at the prospect of an exciting campaign oh well , they obviously read my comments on r/europe it 's interesting how in these crazy times , we get two `` establishment '' , absolutely in the center , rational , and competent candidates . 
  with die gr\u00fcne running two conservatives ( well , for their standards ) , and lindner generally seen as more in the center than westerwelle , basically the fringe , nutjobbish part is left to die linke/afd . 
  why would they mind ? 
  of all countries in the eu , i think we 'd be the biggest supporters of them joining .
