  it 's not like people voted for pis for abortion laws or their views on climate change though, 
  that was my point . 
   also , 40 % of greeks viewing germany as their biggest threat is kind of funny . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  bad memories , bad memories . 
  have a hug , have a drink and try to forget . 
  involuntary, 
  you still play the qualification matches at home right ? 
  i was in krakow ( not even warsaw ) when the last poland - germany match was played and there were flags everywhere . 
  * polish flags this century *, 
  you have a nt right , it 's not like they still play for the czechs ? 
  and july 2014 . 
  because she would n't be able to do so even if she wanted to , what are you talking about ? 
  it 's not like she 'll ask obama not to play the german anthem when she visits washington . 
  not even football matches ? 
  and you 're still refusing to understand my point : i am very thankful that , thank god , my state wo n't let me starve on the streets . 
  i am just saying that the system is stupid - i am not even complaining about the allowance , but i have a problem with the 100 % transparency and i have a problem with getting my allowance cut because i traveled for a funeral or eat dinner at my mom 's house . 
  ( picking stupid examples , i 've never been on hartz iv ) . 
  the usa is usa , and while i really want to visit spain again & i absolutely * love * poland , let 's be honest , from an economic point of view , both countries are a little below us no ? 
  i also know that there are people in africa dying from hunger ... that does n't mean the hartz iv system is not the single most inefficient and humiliating system they could come up with . 
  living in `` the 4th richest country in the world '' means i am not supposed to compare my family 's situation with zambia . 
  those $ $ $ . 
  you can actually * learn * that ?? 
  it 's not rare . 
  i am appreciative of having a 40h/week job as many of my friends work only 3 day/week and consequently get less money and are basically hanging out for the rest of the week . 
   you can not just start building bmws on lesbos . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  however , these is a way romania is taking advantage of being in the same economic union as the bmw company and greece did n't do that for decades . 
  i get roughly what your friend gets . 
  it 's scary to think that there are single moms raising kids with what i get , after counting in kindergeld . 
  it 's ... it makes me go nuts . 
  hartz iv is fucked up . 
  i have no problem whatsoever with the allowance , my problem is with how it 's administered . 
  and infrastructure . 
  and our tax rules . 
  oh god , our tax rules . 
  can i cry ? 
  again , i am very thankful for our economic success . 
  which does n't mean we should have some of our biggest companies paying people 450 euros a month to save on social contributions and taxes . 
  what 's the use of having `` economic success '' if a considerable % of the population is poor ? 
  can we get a certificate for our economic success and hang it on our walls to look good or what ? 
  i think it 's an economic problem actually, 
  both i think . 
  as i wrote in my other comments in this thread , i am personally more worried about the `` working poor '' than the `` welfare poor '' when it comes to my country . 
  switzerland ? 
  netherlands ? 
  i am not saying they are perfect countries , of course , i am just saying how a high gdp is more `` apparent '' if you live in one of these countries . 
  see , we need better english teachers !!!!!, 
  that does n't change the fact that there are like a billion things that have to be better . 
  being a leading exporter and having so many minijobs and poor zones * is crazy *, 
  that 's because you have to transport a lot of troops to a lot of places . 
  that 's not the case for us , so to keep up with tradition , we 're now exporting our transport services to many european armies . 
  i am not saying we 're poor , but things could be much , much better . 
  there is no reason on earth why one of the `` proportionally richest '' countries of a planet has minijobs , some of the highest social contribution % in the world , poverty-striken zones and a fucked-up social system . 
  still i grew up with parents that always came home before 5pm . 
  i often 40-42 hours a week , but it 's not like i have to do shit at home ... other than around christmas when we have more work and i have to like sit on my laptop for a few hours on a saturdat , i never do anything during the weekend or at the afternoon , i do n't even check my email . 
  that would be very , very weird say , in the us/uk/asia , even for my position . 
  how dare we !!!!!, 
  ^ it ^ does n't ^ feel ^ like ^ 4rd ^ richest ^ country, 
  considering that we already help france to send soldiers to mali with `` functional transport planes '' , i do n't think we 'll have to use a germanwings plane for our own guys . 
  are n't we helping their farmers with technical assistance for higher land use efficiency and fertilizers + seeds ? 
  that 's what i 've heard in one of those talkshows about foreign aid , but i am not sure it was about mali, 
  because they get their funding ? 
  because crazy people do crazy stuff , and half of afd leaders * are * bordering on crazy, 
  found adam . 
  the parents have to decide to contact the police right ? 
  it 's not like the police can accidentally walk into a 22 year old and a 15 year old having sex and arrest them . 
  it would be really awkward for teachers to explain it to little kids `` so , guys , this song is about swiss wars , it was written when jesus was still alive '', 
  ours does n't . 
  the british thing is about the queen . 
   ( hungary ) : sea of blood beneath his feet that 's morbid . 
  that starry thing is boring af . 
  i love the polish anthem, 
  `` above all in the world '' as in `` above all germans in the world '' . 
  not as `` above russia , because fuck you '', 
  foreigners and their own bad guys and their own good guys . 
  the french anthem is a symbolic mess of epic proportions . 
  we already did that , and look where it brought us . 
  it feels long overdue, 
   unless you 're going to build a wall and make russia pay for it ? 
  again . 
  old traditions die hard . 
  this time , the wall will be between poland & ukraine . 
  deal ? 
  joachim l\u00d6w , the manager of the german national football team , was unusually composed after his team threw away a two-nil lead over england in a friendly match on march 26th . 
  `` thank god everything somehow went smoothly , '' mr l\u00f6w told german television afterwards . 
  like many germans , the manager seemed less concerned about winning or losing than about terrorism . 
  a german friendly against france was a focal point of the november 13th attacks in paris , and a match against the netherlands on november 17th was called off due to fears of a bomb . 
  to date europe 's growing problem of islamist terrorism has left germany almost entirely unharmed . 
  the country 's only deaths at the hands of muslim extremists have been two american servicemen gunned down by a kosovar albanian at frankfurt 's airport in 2011 . 
  some see this as evidence of superior intelligence and policing . 
  after the september 11th attacks and the failure to detect the nationalsozialistische untergrund , a far-right terrorist group which killed ten people between 2000 and 2007 , germany 's federal and 16 state-level domestic intelligence services were repeatedly streamlined , leading to better information-sharing . 
  stephan mayer , a security expert in the christian social union party , says 11 attacks by radical islamists have been thwarted since 2000 . 
  `` this is n't simply a matter of luck -- it 's primarily about the good co-operation of the security services in our country , '' mr mayer says . 
  others think the terrorists may be giving germany a free ride for the moment . 
  experts briefed by the foreign intelligence service , the bundesnachrichtendienst ( bnd ) , say it thinks islamic state is yet to decide whether to attack germany . 
  the group may worry that an attack would prompt a crackdown that could make it more difficult to use the country as a transit route . 
  but no one expects the calm to last indefinitely . 
  hundreds of heavily armed police patrolled berlin 's olympic stadium and other key points last weekend , proof of a growing skittishness . 
  `` london , madrid , paris , now brussels -- even german cities wo n't be spared forever , '' says rainer wendt , germany 's police union boss .
