  anyway , that does ' t the fact that she is an absolute idiot & people like her are simply dangerous, 
  sch\u00e4uble has a legally-defined job , it 's not like he says stuff he sees in dreams, 
  they are technically supposed to take a long breath after 8 % of liabilities are covered right ? 
  and that 's the problem db has , and that 's why it 's an embarrassment : they have really overcomplicated themselves, 
  let 's be honest , allianz is also massively fucked by the interest rates btw deposits are not covered under brrd ... but bonds are , so fuck . 
  i 'm not even mad at renzi for this . 
  db has been a national embarrassment for two decades now , its our problem and our institutions should have dealt with it . 
  if it takes a foreign pm to point that out , fine by me , although it will send shares even lower & god-help-us if they go below 10 billion . 
  except for russian sanctions and austerity , but let 's ignore that bdi went out of their way to immediately respond to johnson 's claim by saying that they `` would never say that a single market is an absolute necessity or that there are guarantees of free trade , that 's a political decision and ( they ) back the government to do whatever is necessary to minimize political & economic consequences '' but yes , #junckerout would be cool . 
  eastern neighbors , time to rejoin forces . 
  i did n't comment , i just provided a source, 
  q : what happened to that controversial planned deal with libya etc ? 
  http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php somewhere in the reports below , they say that in italy 73 % of arrivals are men , and they 're mainly from eritrea , nigeria & gambia, 
  i did n't vote for merkel either , but i am not bitching about it . 
  calm down . 
  correct 9/11 was in another continent . 
  madrid & london felt a little `` too far '' , and for some reason i felt like nothing would happen in germany bcz `` why would they attack us ? 
  '' , it felt more distant . 
  now that 's not the case , we 're more at risk than anyone else . 
  but attacking paris ? 
  my paris ? 
  i was watching the match on an open cafe , & we stayed afterwards for the news & there were people around me crying . 
  it felt so surreal , kind of like it happened in some lost eastern german town . 
  hard not to feel more european when the entire spain is renting across the street . 
  eventually , i know more about politics in say , poland or greece when i work with people from these countries . 
  people tend to ignore how much of an effect free movement or erasmus has . 
  if it was n't for friends , i would n't know jack shit for dutch or belgian politics . 
  lol , what did we see ? 
  some people moved from full-time to part-time job , but i know literally no one who suffered during the crisis here ( granted , i live in the south ) . 
  we recovered our pre-crisis gdp on december 2010 , and the biggest effect you felt in your everyday life was getting skilled immigrants from southern europe . 
  yes , it was certainly not nice but if you think waving off `` crisis 2007 !!! '', 
  concerns people here , you are wrong . 
  as for our credit rating , it 's aaa since bismarck times :p, 
  german economy is more competitive than the greek one not because of tech , but because of * lower cost of labour * ? 
  you can not into economics . 
   the question is only what happens once economy starts to cool down again , then painful cuts must be made or a budget deficit like the rest of the continent is begging us to do . 
  the difference will be small anyway , we won die from 0,5 % deficit or sth . 
  and what does `` economy cool down '' mean ? 
  we 're on 1,5 % growth , not exactly stellar . 
  now only if berlin 's administration manage to get their shit together . 
  we have massive budget spending ? 
  you export stuff ? 
  i have a pair of harry potter pyjamas you ignorant . 
  same here, 
  because deflation is not damaging their economy , their purchase power has gone up and businesses are investing massively . 
  why fix what is n't broken , just because some book says so ? 
  glad to see you studied economics , i did not , but i took one class of economics seven years and we were not told `` deflation is always bad & everyone ends up like japan '' . 
  you have to look for its sources . 
  plus , i believe that what you 're suggesting might be slightly illegal in romania . 
  well yes , but then the bundesbank would invade the chancellery and send merkel to guillotine . 
  ca n't you just peg it to the $ and get over it ? 
  i think the joke is that he has had several mistresses . 
  look at the bright side , at least we do n't wait for the chancellor to die !, 
  improvement !, 
  note : that can change if sch\u00e4uble runs next year . 
  we have never had a head of state with 10 % approval rate , and that 's not good news, 
  so does berlin . 
  the issue is you just had a huge bust and needed a collective bailout , and our economy has been stable for 7 decades . 
  it comes with a price that we 're willing to pay, 
  or offenbach if you are into delicious food & turkish/serbian thugs . 
  their administration consists of a bunch of incompetent , unable-to-tie-their-own-shoelaces , corrupted incompetents . 
  did i mention that they are incompetent ? 
  because it is expensive, 
  ... sorry for repeating this for the 3rd time but you guys really dunno how to count . 
  good news . 
  when will the final vote take place ? 
  lol , people take sigmar seriously, 
  not really . 
  where could you just move without a job and just say you have money to support yourself ? 
  now only if their pm was n't tapping on half of the country . 
  only if . 
  i think you 're seeing the political joke that the british political class became , and you know hollande is a lame duck with an approval rate of 12 % , and renzi is the first semi-acceptable italian pm in two fecades , and beata is too busy banning abortions in cases of rape to deal with eu , and rutte is rutte , and spain has no government . 
  it 's either merkel or the latvian pm . 
  they melted into netherlands, 
  are you saying uk is more export-driven than germany ? 
  same for cr, 
  she does n't know how to use a computer probably, 
  yugoslavia is the word you 're looking for, 
  which has literally nothing to do with the topic, 
  compared to the peaceful , stable , secure polish history, 
  if we go more than 200 years back , we should have had polish stats . 
  mortgages wealth stats are always weird unless you know the context, 
  not here source : bavarian, 
  hi , now , i am an ignorant when it comes to it shit . 
  i know what net neutrality is ... but that 's about it . 
  i 've read a couple of things about this mess , but between work , a fight with gf , brexit idiocracies & the euros , i have n't found the time to divulge properly . 
  could you please do a `` eu for net neutrality for dummies '' for me , like a 100-hundred words summary if you 're lazy to do more ? 
  like , what are the legal competences that eu can use to impose net neutrality , or will it need the backing of major states , or whatever . 
  thanks in advance . 
  i do n't think speaking different dialects will hamper cooperation . 
  i mentioned cultural differences as in , if croatia got in and bulgaria got in and serbia fulfills its criteria & joins , it 's not like we 're increasing multicultural diversity here . 
  comments here want to imply that serbia joining = turkey joining , and that 's simply incorrect . 
  and their rakia is amazing anyway . 
  she 's referring to serbia , which is inside europe, 
  romanian redditors , have a giant hug & keep it up !, 
  exactly . 
  please explain how serbia is culturally much different from bulgaria and croatia . 
  or romania . 
  they 're cleaning after themself , no ? 
  they 're also more preferred by employers , at least here,
