  there were hundreds of assaults of varying `` degrees '', 
  we also buy their stuff tho, 
  no , they do not . 
  ca n't , am on my phone , only works with reddit browser & whatsapp because went past the 1 gb thingie . 
  mobile data ? 
  fucking central africa is better . 
  yay we smart !, 
  no , honestly , a 9,5 % increase year-on-year is amazing . 
  now , honestly , when do we get fast internet like the rest of the world ? 
  unless you 're in munich . 
  i 'd say this part of germany is actually better to live in that most of scandinavia . 
  moser roth is 1,19 $ and it 's * good *, 
  and maybe if some small towns in eastern germany did n't use to have racist murders on a yearly basis in the early 2000 , there would be eastern european doctors willing to move there & they would n't give us a headache by complaining about a lack of medical staff . 
  dresden is a ok , but one of the perks of being a neo-nazi-friendly place is that ( even talented ) foreigners wo n't be willing to come . 
  dresden can not become silicon valley , because if i was a cool polish programmer i would avoid moving to that city even for a relatively high wage . 
  because we just saw what happened . 
  fool me once . . 
  but shooting up euroskepticism in eu 's biggest countr will suuuure help european stability . 
  depends on the place . 
  you can find good ones for 3 , but it 's rare . 
  usually it 's 4 . 
  i can get a d\u00f6ner for 3 euros in middle of the most expensive city of central europe < 3, 
  to the kpmg frankfurt , i 'd guess, 
  `` destroy your separation of powers to prevent your future destroying of your separation of powers '' yeah , why bother ? 
  i am against dual citizenship , but turning this into an electoral debate wo n't solve anything . 
  i 'm fully with merkel here ... we ca n't go full baby , even as csu voters . 
  uhm , yes ? 
  in the first world we do n't charge kids for school just because their parents happen ti be from someplace else, 
  yay , we not horrifically bad for once, 
  can you please find one time ( one ) that this program reported a murder ? 
  one ? 
  and the thing is , this debate is n't about the murder . 
  it happened in october and was n't reported ( just like no other murder is ever reported there ) . 
  no one cared . 
  the debate is about the arrest of the afghan guy who murdered the girl . 
  there 's an average of two murders per day in germany . 
  you want ard to report on two murders per day ? 
  it 's asylum approved right ? 
  the horror . 
  well , that 's how stuff becomes political : when people want it to become political . 
   and i agree with the decision of our most important news show not reporting on it prior to it becoming a political issue . 
  it 's fine to not report on a rape + murder case , because that 's not the point of that program ( please find me the last time they reported such a case . 
  they do n't . 
  period ) however , ignoring the case * after * it became a political issue is not ok . 
  and i referred you to / u/marktplatz once , but you 're being your usual `` cheap shot '' so do n't expect to get anything out of it . 
   national courts integrate the decision of the echr . 
  and our lawyers said no . 
  are you implying our best constitutionalists got no idea about that echr ruling ? 
   can i enter with a balaclava in any public building in germany without ever revealing my identity ? 
  uhm , yes ? 
  same reason for which you can enter with a burka : there 's no law against it . 
  i was referring to the opposition ( afd ) as `` those people ''  some random rightwinger can not appeal against the judgement as he is n't affected himself . 
  exactly , that was my point . 
  our courts will rule against it & everything will be fine . 
  btw , re-hearing merkel 's speech & is currently at `` god created man in his image ... we value everyone the same * regardless of ... sexual orientation '' * unless they wan na get married . 
  i do n't care what the echr does . 
  i care about my courts , and i fully trust them to do their jobs right . 
  i know , i just can not formulate it you can . 
  but / u/low _ discrepancy might be interested . 
   nobody in their right mind would take this to an eu court . 
  there are many people in our country who are not in the right state of mind atm . 
  but hey , let them do whatever they want to , who cares . 
  tl ; dr because of higher importance put on religion by our court as opposed to echr i remember having this very interesting debate in summer here , in the middle of massive downvotes / u/marktplatz should be able to formulate it better, 
   well the european court of human rights did n't repeal the french ban on face coverings : he 's referring to * our * courts . 
  me and you have different constitutions & political traditions . 
  `` religious freedom '' as per art 4 & `` no credible threat to security '', 
  she said that in august technically ... but as for the exact reason why she formulated her sentence like this : electoral mode babe . 
  it 's kindaaa anti-constitutional , as i say in my comment , it 's more of a thing that encourages certain l\u00e4nder to ban it in certain circumstances/places , as opposed to full ban . 
  not that her coalition partner would ever agree to it anyway , so she ca n't technically ban it even if it was fully ok . 
   whenever legally possible you do n't seriously think merkel would openly talk about anti-constitutional stuff do you . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong but does n't her statement scream `` let the states do it ! '' ? 
  edit : and also , will someone please tell her to give a full-time job to the guy who writes her speeches for party congresses instead of having him just once per year ? 
  1,9 % y2y is not stagnation at all , it 's better than the numbers for the us or canada . 
  it would be a pretty decent figure if it was n't for the huge disparities ( boom in slovakia/slovenia vs italy staying at 1 % ), 
  austerity happened because of the refugee crisis ? 
  wot ? 
   online  german bureaucracy lol . 
  wait did n't we just have a court decision saying it 's legal ? 
  oh , you figured their plan . 
  `` bad luck got ta tell everyone . 
  hugs '', 
  so not austerity like everyone who reply says . 
  what does austerity have to do with the refugee crisis ? 
  oh and the strong rightwing trend started in like ~ 2012 , not 2015 . 
  i 'm not offended at all , you presented your point in a coherent , respectful way which is sth we ca n't say for the vast majority or comments here no , i do n't think so . 
  even if eastern germany became an independent eu memberstate , we 're still `` one people '' & would cover each other 's ass . 
  germany 's strength does n't come only from being 80 million out of 500 milion , but by having gravitational pull . 
  it 's not only us , it 's also austria , it 's netherlands , baltic republics , its sometimes poland , czech republic . 
  two german eu memberstates would be just an artificial thing , substance over form . 
  and as you say , even if two germanies would function as totally separated & would be better for the eu . . 
  honestly , i thank god that we 're one country again . 
  i would n't trade it for anything . 
  ( i 'm not implying you suggested i should ), 
  thing is , being a lefty should be about things that are actually relevant to his people , not gender neutrality . 
  people are weird, 
   while understandable i feel that to be regrettable as i 'm not sure how long the eu would survive should that attitude become entrenched in germany . 
  but what can we do ? 
  we ca n't exactly invade the south & govern them ffs . 
   what is the counter-balance to german interests ? 
  a strong france , a strong italy , a strong east .
