  the only `` proper '' islamist attack in our history . 
  a young man from kosovo , born in germany , working as a post employee at the airport . 
  previously just a devout muslim , he apparently went kind of mental some months before the attack , lying to his family about his diploma and not talking to them or to his friends , got in contact with a salafist preacher , and at some point decided to `` fight back '' . 
  he had passed a basic check when he got employed , when no issues were found . 
  he was not flagged as a radicalised person or anything , he just went boom one day , got a gun and shot american soldiers . 
  later overpowered by a civilian working at the airport , he apologized , said he would never hurt german civilians and some equally idiotic shit . 
  was sentenced to life . 
  \u2022 he was proud to be born in the same day as hitler \u2022 not involved in the far-right scene , but he was a racist who hated turks & arabs \u2022 he was `` proud to be aryan '' \u2022 prosecutors are investigating whether he specifically targeted people with foreign origins ( all nine victims had foreign backgrounds , six were between 14-17 . 
  3 turkish citizens + a turkish woman , 3 kosovar citizens + a guy from the albanian minority in serbia + the double german-hungarian citizen , * the last two are not mentioned in the article i just added the information ) \u2022 so far , his act has been described a killing spree because of mental illnesses & peer bullying \u2022 the racist sentiment is supported by the exchange in the video ( his reaction after being called a turk ) \u2022 he deliberately committed the killings on the anniversary of breivik ** my note ** : this shooting is being investigated as a killing spree . 
  not as a rw attack . 
  the official stance of the bavarian interior ministry ( whom i fully trust to have arrived at the correct conclusion ) is that it was a shooting rampage , a guy going apeshit and killing people . 
  it is not being investigated as a neo-nazi attack , it 's not classified as terrorism . 
  the article refers to the killer 's personal beliefs , and then mentions the possibility of targeted victims which is still under investigation . 
  faz is a very reputable , conservative media and personally i 've considered it the most credible media outlet in the last year regarding the refugee crisis . 
  i do n't think they 're trying to stir up shit -- if they 're reporting this , they have a very strong source . 
  on our towels ? 
  oh god , could n't you at least opt for german beer . 
  it would n't count as a bailout . 
  france ? 
  they could n't help . 
  we 've had many reports of families asking the police for help to prevent their kids from going to syria . 
  physically preventing them : maybe deradicalizing them : no , did n't work, 
  you do n't end up in jail for drug use in france, 
  `` first they came for the jews ... '' if you strip people off their constitutional rights , you strip people off their constitutional rights , simple as that . 
  it is interesting that this is the third attack in a row where they have info on the attacker . 
  in the meanwhile , our intel had n't flagged ansbach , w\u00fcrzburg or frankfurt ( the guy worked in the fucking airport ) . 
  so either they flag everyone , or we do n't flag anyone . 
  different fiscal policy philosophies . 
  i fully understand why sch\u00e4uble ca n't be minister of finance for portugal . 
  the majority of muslims here * do * cooperate . 
  the secular ones from turkey , balkans & iran . 
  no , it does not . 
  you need a visa . 
  but they already do that there . 
  i was in brussels in winter and we had our bags checked at the entry of a shopping mall . 
  luggage was n't allowed inside , etc , and that was before those attacks . 
  no , it did not make me feel any safer . 
  i was on saturday in munich , hung around all day , no checks , no soldiers ( although more police around that famous shopping mall ) , kept my backpack on , felt safer than in brussels , did n't die . 
  the problem is we ca n't seem to decide on a kettle sizes and you expect germany , greece , poland & portugal to have the same stance & strategy on russia ? 
  russia is perfectly appeasable . 
  not appeasing russia is a political choice with * huge * political consequences in germany , but i think it is the right decision from the current government & it 's sth the rest of the country has to put up with if we think a strong & united eu will mean a healthier germany in the long run . 
  but if the rest of europe does n't want that , then we can just forget about the last two years , become buddies again and have putin sing another speech `` in the language of goethe '' in marienplatz for all i care . 
  after all , * why should i care * . 
  they did some horrible things to us , we did some horrible things to them , but when we 're not trying to annihilate each-other , we actually get along quite well . 
  and that 's the question many people have in germany , because they know that basically no one in europe , west or east , would have our back if things went downhill for us . 
  of course there is internal pressure , there 's a significant portion of our economy that depends on russia , and a lot of businesses were fucked by the sanctions . 
  then you add russian investments , russian minority , afd/die linke fans , pro-russian people , anti-americans , etc. 
  i did n't deny that pressure . 
  my point is that the government has managed to withstand the pressure pretty well . 
  we did n't pressure anyone to ease sanctions , we pushed for sanctions to be extended , and specifically named russian actions as the factor behind the `` deterioration of european security '' . 
  the fuck do you want us to do , invade crimea ? 
  there are many things where you can bash my government 's official stance ( and i do too ) , this is n't one of them and of course than when russia wants to talk , they 're better off calling berlin than anywhere else , that 's basic geography & history , you do n't need political science 101 for that . 
  and when they call ... someone * should * pick the phone up . 
  i ca n't see how we debate over this . 
  * cough * we have literally never had a worse relationship with russia than right now since before brandt . 
  but we here , and we cute . 
  i know it existed before the nazis , but i do n't think there 's a reason to keep the same name . 
  the first sentence of the anthem song also existed before the nazis and was quite a nice idea on its own , but we do n't use it anymore, 
  ... exactly, 
  thats not fun, 
  and did he seriously take a gun out to arrest a man already on ground ? 
  edit : wait , two guns , are you fucking kidding me, 
  while we tend to bash our army as much as we can , casualties are widely-reported and widely-discussed and widely-mourned . 
  at least among my friends , the general feeling in these cases is `` poor guy , they were sent there by our government and had to lose their lives over nothing , poor families '' rather than `` heroes protecting freedom ! '' . 
  in my niece 's classroom for example , they 've held minutes of silence and all that . 
  but he had italian heritage , so it should be the mafia . 
  found it !, 
  the left opposition in germany are legally blocking maghreb countries from being listed as `` safe countries of origin '' . 
  the left opposition had the balls to say csu had to join pegida marches when seehofer started pushing for more control . 
  their solution is `` throw more money at the problem '' ( let me remind you maas is shouting for consumer protection education ) , and at the same time , decrease security spending . 
  a truly marvellous solution . 
  and pardon me if i 'm wrong , but did n't they actually plan ahead and could potentially be back home before 12:30 ? 
  do n't use smileys for events that can end up as tragedies r/worldnews last night was a giant `` i told you so '', 
  gign are their sek or their gsg 9 ? 
  it 's one thing to move to berlin as a grownup and feel british , and another thing to be born here , have you dad born here and go around throwing bottles because lahm scored a last-minute-goal against turkey, 
  your first sentence is evil , simple as that . 
  you can lie about politics all you want , but you 're wishin death on someone 's family in that sentence . 
  still interesting how he kissed & made up with both kremlin & israel in the space of four daysm, 
  in theory yes , but take for example executive orders . 
  some of the things obama unilaterally pushed here would need to pass in both the bundestag & bundesrat , would require certain qualified majorities and a grace period and the blood of a dragon , while obama could just sign a piece of paper . 
  my friends do n't usually have facebook accounts , and those who do do n't use them actively . 
  i deactivated it because i could only read refugee-related comments everyfuckingwhere , and it got boring . 
  exactly , that 's the worrying part . 
  why should we ? 
  it 's their choice, 
   i 'm sure many of the injured include white-looking germans . 
  all four injured were hong kong-ians . 
  the attacker in grafing did shout `` allahu akbar '' , that was confirmed by the state , but it was not an islamist attack , it was a crazy man on drugs who yelled whatever he thought would attract more attention . 
  or he 's just a murderous cunt and the poor hong kong family were unlucky . 
  or he hates asian-looking-people because once he fought with a hazara so he decided to attack them . 
  aaaand is just claimed it 's their guy which tbh , does not really say much . 
  they 'd claim it to be their heroism if a arab accidentally brushed past a girl in the supermarket . 
  however , this has a chance of encouraging other lunatics to do the same . 
  there 's no need to raid people 's houses though . 
  there was no indications they were involved in any kind of real-life violence against anyone , and in those situations the normal thing would be to send a couple of officers to talk to them . 
  and that 's why sane people should not use facebook, 
  if a muslim person that spends his days drawing is flags at home goes to a train and stabs people while yelling `` allahu akbar '' , that 's not a workplace-related-incident . 
  ofc herrmann will be more careful and make sure all procedures are closed before declaring it , because it 's * not his job * . 
  he can not decide on his own whether it 's a terrorist attack or not . 
  if you do n't want to `` speculate '' , then you can go to the church and pray for the health and quick recovery of the poor tourists who were attacked last night , but do n't come here to talk for gun laws for god 's sake .
