  merkel says no and she is immensely strengthened in the worst point of her career . 
  we get stuck with her , greece is still bankrupt . 
  check-mate . 
  sounds like we 'll pass it , but it will be a massive shitshow, 
   from what i hear they 're already ongoing right now . 
  merkel is being held captive hell yeah  revolutionaries have succesfully established sharia law . 
  oh , ok .  the country is now called b\u00fcndescaliphat deutschstan cool  you only get ayran in the biergartens . 
  ** do n't you fucking dare to joke about this **, 
  definitely not for us, 
  podolski * is * polish . 
  he wanted to play for your nt , but your fa were a bunch of corrupted idiots back then . 
  rb leipzig someone shoot us all . 
  that 's the most `` central european '' thing i 've ever read, 
  did n't know this . 
  irony is fucking brilliant, 
  we should start waving our dicks around about this everytime someone mentions that ignorant broomstick argument . 
  idiots !, 
  does sex have anything to do with her death ? 
  if no , her age of consent plays no role . 
  she was a minor . 
  women , yes . 
  girls , no . 
  all vietnamese have opened nail salons . 
  yours . 
  not ours . 
  it 's difficult to bring someone from ukraine in a janitor visa . 
  i want to have a parallel reality where we decide to stay out of every european crisis and take care of ourselves . 
  let 's see the power vacuum then , and let 's see how nice it will look . 
  you want no one taking charge ? 
  let 's have no one taking responsibility for anything at all , everyone does its own thing and everyone solves its own problems without calling berlin . 
  just fucking try it . 
  experiment with it . 
  see how it feels . 
  i am not tired of ingratitude . 
  i am tired of listening to my chancellor talk more often about the greek budget than ours . 
  i want my government back , thank you very much , we have a billion problems here . 
  my country borders russia and romania ? 
  maybe you should have another look at that mind . 
  and yes , i can find mexico & canada in a drawn map , thank you very much . 
  pretty much everyone in this sub has seen a european map at least once . 
  romania = !, 
  because your only immigrants are either slovaks who integrate perfectly or it guys from spain . 
  come here baby < 3, 
  yes , illegally . 
  legally , it 's pretty difficult . 
  we discuss this below in this post . 
  it 's getting hard to find janitors , let alone qualified staff . 
  at least for skilled professions , it makes sense to import people and pay higher . 
  for no-skill positions , it costs way too much to do that so we just ... manage somehow . 
  i am telling you we are fighting to keep our janitor simply because if she leaves , we 'll have to clean the office ourself , or we 'll have to pay someone from 1,5 hours away to come and clean it . 
  same in germany . 
  they also eat babies and cook puppies with virgin sicilian olive oil . 
  can confirm . 
  we have reached a point where you ca n't find janitors , let alone qualified staff . 
  easy there . 
  the unemployment stat our government provides is higher than the one eurostat provides . 
  if anything , our government is making us look worse . 
  they have families , plus an informal market, 
  bavarian here . 
  unemployment is way lower than 4,7 % . 
  dunno the stats , but for the last 18 months it 's been downright impossible to find an employee for anything less than two months . 
  there 's simply no one available within commuting distance . 
  ... why does nobody likes us ? 
  my bad . 
  wtf , why do you call us sakslased ? 
  yes , in good old niger it fell from 6,5 to 6,3 in 2015 . 
  progress !, 
  no respectable party would make a coalition with the afd . 
  on a local or federal level . 
  we 're not talking orban level of bad . 
  we 're not talking fp\u00d6 level of bad . 
  afd are in a league of their own . 
  when was she the best ? 
  when i voted for her , it was because she was the best of a bad bunch . 
  and they still watch it , i would assume . 
  fourth reich , they say . 
  10 points from germany in public votes . 
  the opposite is true : most of high-class people from poland ( or elsewhere ) do n't bother with it . 
  us being one of them . 
  12 points from the public vote . 
  0 from the jury . 
  polan can into tanks !, 
  tanks can into polan !, 
  and we 'll be in the same group , again . 
  i do n't get it . 
  they should use make it a rule `` germany & poland always place each-other in the euros '' , put it in the books and get over this . 
  yeap , it was cool . 
  and so was your boobies song !, 
  we 've given up since decades ago . 
  we took it seriously and won it once ... and then back to giving up . 
  for example , our song . 
  it was definitely worse than yours . 
  you could say the same thing happened to carlo ancelotti , which means merkel to turin . 
  euros are this summer . 
  who cares about love when we can win that fair & square . 
  poland can into people !, 
  ukraine !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  shit did ww2 feel like this , or maybe they had no televoting back then ? 
  a mini-crimea in stockholm ? 
  poland has waaaaayy too many immigrants .
