  america 's political establishment is riven ; japan 's politicians are too timid to confront lobbies ; and the euro area seems institutionally incapable of uniting around new policies . 
  if politicians fail to act now , while they still have time , a full-blown crisis in markets will force action upon them . 
  although that would be a poor outcome , it would nevertheless be better than the alternative . 
  the greatest worry is that falling markets and stagnant economies hand political power to the populists who have grown strong on the back of the crisis of 2007-08 . 
  populists have their own solutions to economic hardship , which include protectionist tariffs , windfall taxes , nationalisation and any number of ruinous schemes . 
  behind the worry that central banks can no longer exert control is an even deeper fear . 
  it is that liberal , centrist politicians are not up to the job . 
  not even sch\u00e4uble has let such an offensive sentence go past his lips see greece ? 
  others hate you , it 's not us :(, 
  it 's a 40 % growth, 
  wtf sweden and france , and wtf uk, 
  i do n't really mind poles , ukrainians , serbs , belarusians , albanians , bulgarians , etc who come here and work under the table for three months . 
  i understand their situation and i have never picked up the phone to report any of them . 
  what boggles my mind is how keen people from these countries are to work their ass off , and in the meanwhile , i do n't know a single person who is employing an arab to pick fruits . 
  not a single one . 
  is n't that weird ? 
  is it too-un-pc to say maybe this particular group of people are a little too lazy and more fond of welfare benefits ? 
  how come no one is flying in moroccans ? 
  no , it 's not a matter of birthright . 
  it 's a matter of being paid twice below the minimum wage . 
  getting paid for 20 hours means a gross monthly income of 640 euros . 
  are you seriously judging people for not working 60h/week for 640 euros a month ? 
  it 's been 16 years now, 
  people do n't want to work 60 hours per week but get paid for 20 hours . 
  enter : ukrainians working in our fields . 
  there are situations where intervening is safe and necessary . 
  watching a drunk guy touching a girl inappropriately in a club in a situation where the girl is visibly trying to escape for example , is a situation in which an intervention ( even a `` leave my girlfriend alone ! '', 
  lie ) can be more helpful than waiting for the police to arrive and pretty safe . 
  we get a small number of beggars here and usually i thought it was just a fuck-up and they just had a simple integration problem like arabs and were faced with irrational racism in bulgaria or romania then i visited slovakia and romania and bulgaria and macedonia ... it 's not the state 's fault , these people are simply unintegrationable, 
  if you can find a job . 
  just call the police . 
  if you think your personal physical safety is at risk , call the police immediately , ask someone around for help , whatever . 
  if you think you can get away with intervening without getting killed ( read : even if he punches you or something ) intervene , allow the girl to flee and do the same instead of trying to hold the person down . 
  just do n't fucking ignore it - it 's as simple as that . 
  same if you hear a scream or something . 
  yes , maybe it is nothing , but it 's not like the police are slaves - they are paid to respond to every potential risk . 
  i 've been in that situation two years - i heard weird noises from the parking lot close to home , but it 's a small dark closed space and i did n't have anything to take with me and go see what 's going on . 
  called the police , they came after a few minutes , found a bunch of teens having loud sex and i was told to `` nevertheless , do n't let this prevent you from calling us whenever you hear or see something weird , we can do an unnecessary trip if it means once in a while a life is saved '', 
  there are cases of u14 having sex with older guys everyday - i know it 's a bad thing , but i am more worried about a teacher ignoring a gang rape . 
  we 're not taking 2500 a day . 
  we 're taking 2500 a day for five last days , from one check point , but there have been january days with 5000 arrivals, 
  they fear the german reaction if they do it unilaterally . 
  keep in mind that we 're talking a very technic and young croatian government - the pm speaks the language with a very north american accent, 
  good luck, 
  it is not the biggest problem facing estonia . 
  estonia has a much , much bigger problem with emigration - their people leaving the country to work in another one . 
  they have a problem with poverty , russians living there while hating the country and the fact that putin can invade them in the next 12 hours if he chooses to do so . 
  2 of which are students and the third is a gay man painting in his bedroom, 
  we have third generation turks that i will continue to call immigrants - sorry , but you do n't get to speak stupid german , spend the whole day in your teashop bashing the country you live in , refuse to communicate with natives , force your daughters to marry someone you picked , stay on welfare , etc. 
  and expect me to call you a native . 
  you are an immigrant and i 'd rather not have you around . 
  how stupid does one have to be that uni is very good - students studying there is the kind of foreigners everyone would love to have around `` omg they are allowing erasmus students from spain invade our beloved talinn how dare they !!!!!!!!!! '', 
  they have refugees ? 
  am i missing something here ? 
  maybe too many ukrainians have moved to estonia recently ? 
  you should n't say `` why does it even exist '' for a country , even if they do n't have enough `` real power '' to nuke your country they are a small country with amazing beaches and beautiful cities , filled with nice and hardworking people ( at least from my experience ) , they have a unique history and great food . 
  i do n't go around saying canada should join the us and leave it at that, 
  do n't tell portugese they should join spain if you value your life, 
  it 's a nice country . 
  very clean , no infrastructure disasters and the quitest people once you go south of austria, 
  greece lost to faroe . 
  twice ( last euros ), 
  there are two prostitutes who worked where i lived five years ago ( same floor ) . 
  i do n't know a single thing for now , never visited it , i do n't know anyone else from there ... just the name, 
  bosnia has more isis fighters and again , people from albania do n't care about religion . 
  our wages are too low , i do n't need the stats to learn that . 
  it 's downright stupid to see . 
  but yes , median should always be used . 
  always use the median - . - ' and am i the only one who finds our numbers low ? 
  we 're the biggest economy for god 's sake and with our taxes ... whatever . 
  trickle down my ass . 
  zloty . 
  divide it by four, 
  i remember something about their average pension being higher than the median wage in poland or something like that, 
  do n't ask me , ask the rest of r/europe, 
  acc to reddit , the single sole reason our economy is doing relatively good is because southern europe is subsidizing our exports, 
  and like 99 % of people in albania do n't give a flying fuck about either religion, 
  rb leipzig , by quite a distance, 
  i think he 's bordering on slightly mental , or at least reality-detached . 
  i can see every putin decision and understand the basic reasoning behind it , but erdogan ? 
  in the last 4 years , i have failed to understand what he 's up to . 
  not really turkey has the honour to be right next to the most fucked-up region in the world , but until now they had the decency to keep their noses out of it . 
  it worked out fine for them . 
  i do n't think we 're exactly being financed by you . 
  i think it 's due to illegals who pass the slovenia-austria border illegally then the austria-germany legally . 
  but we did n't * want * to be the sole leaders of eu ... god :( oh and we have n't talked much . 
  but france and italy and greece and hungary have spent the last weeks begging for a sanctions ' lift , even if our economy was fucked by them much more than theirs . 
  merkel is the most pro-american politician you could get and she sided heavily with nato . 
  if it was up to steinmeier , he 'd call putin and tell him he wo n't get a christmas present as a punishment for invading crimea - and then send a wine bottle anyway . 
  oh and russia is like a stone throw away - we have no reason to go to war with them because a certain country an ocean way wants us to do it . 
  trade was never stopped , not even the worst years of the cold war . 
  may the next anniversary find you a better and more developed country !, 
  yeap , i know someone who knows someone whose boss was killed there :( or maybe it was someone who knew someone who knew someone whose boss was killed , ca n't remember, 
  so you are now at around 145 terrorism victims in four months right ? 
  turkish redditors , i hope none of your family members or friends were hit . 
  i hope the death toll stays at 18 instead of rising and that your politicians get their heads out of their ass . 
  it 's sad that peaceful citizens of a beautiful country get to pay the price for megalomaniac policies . 
  it will kind of fuck my job if the eastern borders will be closed and staying on a queue for a police officer to check my id if i want to visit another country during the day will be nuts, 
  i wo n't even try to make it sound good . 
  italian pasta all day long - it 's one of the rare `` foreign '' products i always opt to buy instead of domestic production .
