  ours is 1,41 not 1,47, 
  i do n't think the article is suggesting removing worker 's protection , more like reducing barriers to enter certain service sectors , which is good , and actually helps the average citizen . 
   also , why do i have a deja vu feeling regarding this discussion ? 
  because `` let 's kick germany out of the euro instead of greece '' has been the narrative for seven straight years now . 
  i 'd worry if you did n't have a deja vu feeling about this : it would mean you have amnesia . 
  s21 was a disaster though . 
  the issue is that we 're not talking about old-style eastern europeans who came here , worked in construction , saved every cent and sent it back to their kids . 
  most of the new immigrants from spain or italy or greece are young professionals with no kids , that either spend that money in germany , send a little remittance to their parents back home , or save up to buy a house back home . 
  inflation ? 
  what inflation ? 
   cmon , let 's be serious . 
  unless there 's a planned level of expenses , we 'd spend waaay below what 's necessary . 
  plus , we ca n't do all the spending in one year . 
  if there are twelve roads with each costing two billion , we 'd have to do the first 7 in one year , then the rest in another year . 
  edit : happy cake day !, 
  some as in , breaking post 0 % would be ok ... but i am suspecting the article is calling for sth like 2 % deficit . 
  plus , do n't we already a plan in place to increase infrastructure spending by 50 % in the coming years ? 
  `` a state of perplexity or uncertainty over what to do in a difficult situation '' i had to google that one . 
  the article is quite good compared to the usual conspirationist , weak , `` germans-eat-spanish-puppies-fried-in-italian-oil '' shit that gets posted here . 
  i 'll just answer to the `` what should be done ''  increased infrastructure spending to use the fiscal space in germany 's budget ; where ? 
  we have an ageing population , we ca n't afford to rake up more debt  labour market reforms to expand the labour supply and increase long-term growth , i genuinely ca n't understand what this is supposed to mean  pension reform to reduce the need for precautionary private savings ; a big debate on what the reform should entail  deregulation of the services sector to increase productivity ; fully agree on this  more rapid wage increases how ? 
  the government does n't set private sector wages . 
  what they can do is the minimum wage , and they just rose that one . 
  yes , they have to be sent back , but not by the court . 
  that 's not their decision to take . 
  finally some good news from the shitshow . 
  exactly , that 's why it 's a coverup . 
  merkel is a mp but she 's not a member of the proper commission . 
  because their only job is to make a decision on charges present by the prosecution ? 
  how would you feel if you went to court for drunk driving and the judge started talking about your taxes ? 
  churchill also talked about a united states of europe . 
  this tournament was ours to lose , and our guys managed to lose it . 
  or because the rest of the parties are even worse hint : that 's me, 
  no , i meant the name behind the flair . 
  implying their voters actually take the time to sit down , read the program & take notes & weigh pro-s and cons . 
  and switzerland is tiny and packed between four eu countries , good luck fighting with them from outside the eu . 
  and then they judge us for trying to bankrupt you . 
  lalalalalalalala ca n't hear you over the high volume of car honks that are still celebrating that win lalalalalalala, 
  your flair is amazing . 
  my girlfriend is swabian . 
  calm down , this mess it not on cryan , he 's just trying to do his job, 
  when will the report go out ? 
  tmrw or later ? 
  you can not into derivatives , can you ? 
  also , spend money on food !, 
  that would be basically a cover-up merkel would be allowed to visit and stay in incirlik as long as she wants too . 
  the problem is they do n't allow mps, 
  what other allies ? 
  erdogan should shut up & allow the visit , simple as that, 
  not only if they did n't want to raze that friendly city to the ground . 
  only if . 
  you have literally no idea what you 're talking about . 
  it 's actually gotten better in most places compared to pre-2012 . 
  there is simply an ever-increasing number of cunts in berlin . 
  and we are a country !!!, 
  exactly . 
  i 'd have no issue with sharing liabilities with netherlands or denmark or even cr , but with all due respect , our economies & states have differences from southern ones . 
  so how do you suggest we manage this mess ? 
  `` settle '' ? 
  how do you settle trillions of euros if they are outside of germany ? 
  we 'd get invaded by the us the second we tried it . 
  count me out too . 
  with all due respect , you 're making me lose respect for the `` academic community '', 
  if db goes down , the entire continent 's economy goes down . 
  pizza-eating mafia ? 
  well , could you please point out a successful product they 've come up with ? 
  a stable company that is still employing people & generating revenue ? 
  oh god . 
  he saying `` he 's a good guy , occasionally he might slap his kids ... but he 's a good guy ! '', 
  and while i fully agree with the fact that it 's not on nato to dictate our relationship with russia , it 's definitely on the eu to decide that , and the entire eastern bar hungary flank feels threatened , and their fears should be taken in account . 
  what did the french do/say ? 
  i have n't kept up . 
  did my government do anything stupid too ? 
  yeah , it always sounds cool and `` startup '' is a cool buzzword , the only question is , when will we start to see the results of this coolness ? 
  step 2 : start paying something into the federal budget because you 're the fucking capital . 
   why not libya ? 
  not a functioning state at this point, 
  if she took a decision not to have kids , that 's her business , it 's a private matter and no one , let alone you , should ever mention it , let alone use it as a political argument . 
  they were not some weird hooligans doing shit . 
  they were the country 's official representatives , and it was a national policy . 
  we did n't suddenly become a new country in 1945 . 
   if you could, 
  i was adressing a min wage hike for uk , i know about the existence of a min wage there, 
  keep merkel 's childlessness out of political debates, 
  the minimum wage worked for us very well , and unemployment is on the lowest level in 3-4 decades . 
  not every country can pull that off though , esp . 
  not uk that relies solely on services, 
  g\u00f6tze played ... and was shit when he played . 
  there 's no reason why he should have started against france, 
  the fact that there 's no reason to do it ? 
  the biggest threat to our security is isis lone wolves , and good luck fighting them on military means inside germany . 
  what could we possibly need a militarized state for ? 
  will the us invade us ? 
  exactly . 
  and if you remember the mess that was last sep/october , you understand why this is good news . 
  more than half of the 2016 ones are syrian , acc to some article i 've read . 
  then afghans , then iraqis , then the rest . 
  you are our brother 's little brother, 
  austria , esp since i am bavarian switzerland , they 're basically a wannabe who 's better at germaning tight now czechs are adorable little fluffs & working with them is very easy france & poland are great partners netherlands , denmark , luxembourg are great mini-versions of us belgium has chocolate we 're truly blessed for these neighbors . 
  yes ... with varied norms , which is exactly what the guy is saying,
