  yayyy to csu for being from the 19th century . 
  but yes , i like german sundays too :d, 
  then how come shops here still work as usual , even those not covered by federal law ? 
  maybe your guys wanted a permanent exception for everything ? 
  and i live in bavaria . 
  if the church decides to ban people from emailing on a sunday , they will ban sunday emailing . 
  i think your state also cooperates with political salafist organizations right ? 
  like , the non-blow-yourself-up ones . 
  the problem is when two attacks happen within a week . 
  legal restday . 
  or more precisely , that 's the way it 's been since forever and changing it drastically would be too controversial , so let 's go step by step . 
  does n't mean i should think those porks deserve to die . 
  i do n't watch male gay porn either , but that 's not discrimination, 
  but cutting hours is exactly what we did here too i 'll google the puzzle you said the reasons for low wages ( low productivity + public freezes ) were the reasons behind low unemployment ... and that is stupid . 
  but for example in germany it 's mostly a state matter . 
  i do n't know about berlin , but technically it would be possible in another state . 
  same in switzerland . 
  unemployment was not low from a freeze in public wages & low productivity ... that 's just a stupid thing to say . 
  unemployment was low because you have a huge service sector, 
  oh , my flair . 
  i thought he was serious . 
  you could have looked for normal sunday work regulations though , ikea stores might have different policies . 
  true if you 're only checking the capital 's store . 
  people from china can ask for asylum . 
  and ffs , chinese people should have a higher acceptance rate than fucking tunisia, 
  they get much better treatment as registered homeless germans . 
  the issue is with getting them to register . 
  and give you plenty of brown friends, 
  god knows , i have n't applied either . 
  the form itself is 8 pages long, 
  we have more eu immigrants, 
  you have never had to apply for our hartz iv have you ? 
  from what i remember from what someone who works in the same building as me told me over coffee couple of months ago , vucic is expected to win the next elections and the next elections and there 's no viable alternative ( kind of like with gruevski in macedonia , or that guy in montenegro ) . 
  so this should n't hurt him that much , esp . 
  because old people are , well , dying . 
  and in the last years , he 's tried to make himself look more `` cosmopolitan '' , attending a gay pride parade ( which apparently , is a huge no-no in serbia ) and whatnot . 
  technically , swabian bayern but yeah , point stands . 
  well , she 's in berlin so no issues . 
  now , when she comes down here ... that could get her electrocuted . 
   establish one european border and maintain it . 
  how ? 
  by sinking boats ? 
   establish one european asylum procedure and keep the refugees in cheap places . 
  like for instance poland or spain . 
  i am sure poland will love to be dumping ground for people they 'd rather have nothing to do with . 
  grocery prices in spain are higher than in germany or netherlands . 
   shorten the asylum procedures and kick people out after an appeal . 
  pay libya or morrocco to take them in . 
  fully agree  jail the smugglers and kick them out after their sentence . 
  fully agree  stop bombing in syraqistan . 
  people are n't leaving syria because of french planes you see . 
   use the money that was meant for turkey on paying for these measures . 
  sure 3 billion will be enough . 
   even try to build up failed states via the un or eu . 
  so people do n't come here . 
  lol that failed every single time . 
  if they seriously want to attack germany , they 're so stupid that even our non-existent army will be able to defend the country . 
  we 'll deal with it how ? 
  you should exchange territories, 
  oh , i thought eu rules prohibit tax discrimination based on nationality . 
  the danish krone is pegged to the euro so ... 
  turkish lira , since you know , why would anyone ever present a map about eu using the euro as a measure . 
  yes , i am sure putin will attack germany immediately . 
  because ... oh well , i ca n't find a reason but there might be some right ? 
  same for me , i am very happy about the us spending 4 %, 
  just check english press , it 's a giant pot of `` no one works in france & germany is falling apart '', 
  yes good luck getting germans to invest millions of euros on equities . 
  lol . 
  do n't they teach about approaches to risk nowadays ? 
  and you wo n't go to war anytime soon either , so what 's your point ? 
  there 's a difference between `` you need a military '' and `` you have to spend 4 % of your gdp because the us does so '', 
  is anyone planning to go to war with us ? 
  lol, 
  or we would n't bother because who the fuck would want to invade us, 
  we do n't plan to go to war anytime soon, 
  there 's a difference between a stupid bild headline , and a respectable french tv debate discussing sth . 
  the new voldemort, 
  that has nothing to do with optimism , we 're quite pessimist people too in general . 
  it has more to do with public trust . 
  why does your media cover her approval rate more than ours ? 
  i remember that in 2011 during some talks about greek i was staying with friends in france and they apparently discussed it on tv debates and stuff , and i was like i-have-no-idea-no-one-cares . 
  nowadays , that 's not the case since this is a very sensitive issue and you see it mentioned in news and stuff , but ffs , it 's just a number and we 're 13 months pre-election and her party has gained ground in the last three months . 
  i am part of that 53 % instead of the 47 % ... but cmon . 
  congrats little babies . 
  really happy for kosovo , this should be very important to them , and i guess people in albania are celebrating too . 
  :d edit : aaaand of course i from +5 to -2 . 
  serbots . 
  the reason why is because it would encourage many separatist movements and we have russian minorities in eu that would want to join russia . 
  albanians in both countries would prefer a common state . 
  lalalalala we do n't mention the name of the country here, 
  you did that though . 
  do n't ask me why . 
  and they also wanted to do the same with poland . 
  they wanted a country where the average wage is half the average pension of country g to pay for debts accumulated by country g. like ... what 's next , will they send invoices to venezuela for their debts ? 
  well if you need any help ... we 'll be around lithuania . 
  but people 's perception of the economy is not a direct measure of gdp either . 
  you really should have a glass of wine if the english press is making people depressed about their country . 
  they bash us sixteen times per day , everyday of the year too . 
  according to google , their economy is around 2x our budget surplus for 2015 . 
  oh god , they really are tiny .
