  ok , do you want us to send recommendations or sth ? 
  we have such cases in germany , the last one being in 2012, 
  she has regretted what ? 
  read the speech before commenting , she 's referencing other things when she says she wants to turn back time . 
  not her sep 2015 words . 
  easy there mate , what 's next , details on how that 's supposed to happen ? 
  send them to germany ? 
  so what ? 
  but italy has been in that situation for more than a decade . . 
  should de maiziere be ministeb , or is n't he german enough ? 
  in the last two elections , they underperformed . 
  they had a better moment around january-march berlin is a mess . 
  vote fraud in local elections in germany ? 
  in * berlin * ? 
  they really are a weird bunch . 
  info : this is the first election where afd underperforms polls . 
  they were showing it at 14-15 % ( here , exit polls usually are very close to real results , pre-election polls are less ) . 
  fifth place *, 
  by god , the whole bus system was turned upside down in the entire country . 
  could n't they pick another day ? 
  oktoberfest starts, 
  ideally , yes . 
  practically , if you have no cc anyway , you do n't pay it . 
  and if none of your friends have a cc , you do n't feel.like getting one . 
  cunts are cunts ? 
  the cover is fine though . 
  i have now plenty . 
  one of the them is the guy across my desk , one of the most hardworking , punctual people i know . 
  my barber . 
  the guy who works at the d\u00f6ner shop i like . 
  an ex-girlfriend . 
  neighbors . 
  people i met at parties . 
  some are perfectly integrated , law-abiding , reliable people . 
  some are unintegrated , erdogan-fans who go around causing trouble . 
  when you only have to pay your rent & utilities , it 's easier than when you also have to pay a cc bill . 
  poor people here can struggle to pay their electricity bills , but they do n't stuff on credit so less bills to pay . 
  leaving it to the states, 
  because the police standing by while foreigners are beaten up by neo-nazis never happens in eastern germany . 
  give me a fucking break . 
  ok , what about politicians being more inclined to steal taxpayer money to ensure a good future for their kids ? 
  because she went into politics before marrying her second husband , they were just living together for a decade before getting married, 
  i am not standing up for women , i am standing against shitty logic & arguments, 
  someone should start gossiping about an attack in zeil . 
  i had to go there everyday for work during the past week , and you could n't walk five steps without crashing into baby carriages , punks , drunken students , chinese tourists . 
  especially the part around konstablerwache is so full you can not continuosly walk . 
  i ca n't remember the last time it was like this . 
  it 's four glasses of champagne , you can stay completely sober on that if you have eaten before . 
  what a shit article . 
  from what a gf 's friend told me ( she works with them , that 's how i heard about the case ) , they simply like the religious traditions and thought it was cool . 
  i have a young syrian couple in my city that baptized their baby last month, 
  corrected ? 
  hah we have not corrected within germany yet , and i 'm talking about the goddamn capital, 
   but a chancellor must also consider the possible effects of selfies taken with refugees . 
  she has to think about whether the federal police force and other agencies will be able to keep up when the chancellor suddenly changes course . 
  shrewd governance requires clarity about , and the effective communication of , goals , strategy and tactics . 
  that says all i 've said in the last 12 months . 
  i have no doubt , at all , that merkel did what she thought was right . 
  but it failed spectacularly , and she failed to do her job . 
  less weird tourists ? 
  hooray !, 
  god , of course . 
  and he 's german btw . 
  well , your guys ca n't, 
  orban is a smart guy . 
  he knows when to roast people and say they 're traitors when to kiss hands and hand flowers . 
  and he 's been getting away with it for some time now, 
  we know the quote , we just ca n't see how stealing from the eu can be turned into a joke, 
  no , the fun part is that the economic center of v4 countries is germany . 
  there 's a part of me that hates you for having voted for afd less than bavaria polls predict we will . 
  the 99 % other part of me says thank god for this . 
  and from those 3 kids , two should be boys and one girl , with the girl being born between her two son to preserve symmetry . 
  i know afd won in mannheim in march for example , and that 's weird ... that 's basically a student town, 
   so where do kids of age like 7 or 9 years eat lunch ? 
  do they just walk out of the school and go to a pizzeria ? 
  i mean okay , we are talking about people on welfare so they can pick their kids up , but what about working parents ? 
  normally , at least down here , kids take the food with them  in hungary it 's usual for children to stay at school until like 4 or 5 o'clock , till their working parents can pick them up . 
  there are teachers who pay attention to them , there is time allocated for playing , doing homework etc. 
  kids go home in their own here . 
  maybe not in huge cities like berlin or hamburg , but everywhere else . 
  but the bundesrat already blocked a lot of stuff in the last years . 
  and the greens wo n't vote against any brexit deal , the author has apparently not been around in the last 6 years . 
  ... a what ? 
  what is a power shift ? 
  can you eat it ? 
  there 's a good chance the guy will die soon as he 's like 200 years old , but god i 'll miss him . 
  montenegro is fine . 
  it 's bosnia & macedonia we should worry about, 
  lalalalala ca n't hear you, 
  wow berlin is much higher than i thought, 
  we have that in my region , it 's not good to get through hell to employ anyone , in any position . 
  southern countries do n't have our weather, 
  i agree with almost your whole comment , but  if merkel were to admit she made the wrong call , and submitted a plan to reverse the wave of mass immigration she caused , certainly the rest of the eu would waste no time in helping her out . 
  they would not . 
  they 'd never do that . 
  and i think everyone here is perfectly aware of that . 
  this is our mess and we have to clean up our messes , but do n't pretend the rest of the continent will lift a finger to help us out . 
  how about reading about what the ministry of economy said ? 
  til . 
  why did i always think sch\u00e4uble is catholic ?
