  are you saying berlusconi got in power because of immigration ? 
  are you * seriously * saying that ? 
  and what `` mass-immigration '' did italy have anyway , some tens of thousands of albanians ? 
  her statement was kinda brilliant , all things considered . 
  a very neutral `` congrats '' , while not going full may, 
  her approval rate is like 30 pp over her competitor 's as we speak . 
  can they please wait for merkel 's statement in 20 minutes instead of getting creative ? 
  `` normal '' supermarkets are still closed on sunday , in all states . 
  it 's just that the exceptions ' list got longer and longer , and now it 's easy to apply for tourism zones ... except there 's a recent constitutional ruling that limits the number of `` open sundays '' to 4 a year for everything else , since some northern state declared the whole state to be a tourist zone 365 days a year and our church sued them . 
  you shop on sat evening . 
  were you before or after that constitutional ruling ? 
  i do n't want her to change our constitution , states do n't want her to change the constitution , she does n't want to change it because the understands the importance of the decentralized system . 
  education should remain a state responsibility with no interference from the federal government , period . 
  we 'll get lipstick all over press statements . 
   fixing education that would be unconstitutional . 
  do n't even make jokes about our chancellors messing with education . 
  they can , but schulz already has some dirt on his back . 
  it was different for steinmeier , who is a sweetheart everyone likes . 
  but \u00d6zdemir has nothing to do with `` identity politics '' . 
  yes , he comes from an immigrant family , but first and foremost he 's a german and he did n't become the respected figure he is now because he babbled about `` identity politics '' . 
  i 'd vote for the guy , and i * hate * the greens . 
  our national anthem is a little `` generic '' , but the bayernhymne is pretty badass & the kind of song you can actually find yourself humming in the morning . 
  exactly . 
  let 's not get too extreme shall we ? 
  and since the people who speak it often grow up speaking another language , it has a more limited vocabulary . 
  ghetto kids in the us still grow up speaking english and nothing else . 
  he makes fun of the left & greens & all that crowd pretty often tho, 
  we smart af :'), 
  i know dear i know . 
  and if you go down , i lose my job . 
  because turkey wanted it, 
  there is a lot of racism here . 
  no one is trying to deny that . 
  but it 's also the truth that when turkey sent their guys . . they did n't send their best guys . 
  ... and he 's a cool guy , so what ? 
  the sultan may not want you to stay online after midnight . 
   only the kemalists remain i was glued in front of the tv the day of the coup ... 
  i did n't see a single atat\u00fcrk portrait . 
  not a single one . 
  god with you . 
  this is bad . 
  keep us updated when there 's anything new and thanks for posting the link , our media has n't caught up yet . 
  well , then please post updates when there are significant changes, 
  can you please post a link where i could follow what 's going on ? 
  edit : and the last three names are female names right ? 
  wait , so we * do * top a chart . 
  yeap , our cars are amazing even when made by czechs . 
  and by producing their own great products , 
  why did they gain last time they messed with us ? 
   the times --  corriere della sera , as close as the italian version as the times you can get . 
  it 's amazing for the mercatto tho . 
  fu , czech republic . 
  we ca n't top a single chart in this continent . 
   currently key word . 
  pkk can start messing around again . 
  why would we want radical islamists rambling around germany ? 
  we already have enough, 
  google `` unemployment measure '' . 
  kids or pensioners are n't counted either . 
  they 're all here already . 
  munich is cheap compared to london , the rest are cheaper . 
  cap is n't doing fine tho, 
  there are not many places on earth that used to be high tech powerhouses in other centuries you know . 
  poles had an amazing way of coping with all the shit history threw to them . 
  we do n't want global power to be world police . 
  as long as we have enough power to take care of ourselves , all is fine and good . 
  yeah yeah , it 's all about the euro , just do n't google schr\u00f6der . 
   before the accession of eastern european states in eu there were legal tools to control the capital movement , something which we had to renounce once in the eu . 
  and you wanted to get into the eu because cee desperately needed foreign investment and any kind of capital . . not because of your fault , but because of historic factors ( communism ) . 
   the chances of any polish company entering german market at that time were also approaching zero . 
  polish companies rely on the german market for their products ( and that 's a good thing , and pretty logical ) . 
  considering that in his country it was not allowed to have an aquarium with a fish or a chicken or to grow your own potatoes because those three things were considered capitalistic , and you could be executed for doing the cross over a grave because religion was forbidden , i 'd take a wild guess & say he knows what he 's talking about . 
  we 've had an account surplus for the vast , * vast * majority of the last 7 decades , with the only exception being the shitshow after the reunification . 
  the thing is , we eu citizens already spend a shitload of money on ee/ce/se , as well as a * lot * on your farmers . 
  good luck explaining why taxes should be raised in my 2,5 % - unemployment-region because someone elsewhere does n't want to pay his taxes . 
  i meant heimat as in my region , which is in blue , not germany as in `` biggest economy of the eu hon hon hon '' however , it 's not our fucking fault our products are so good the entire world wants to buy them . 
  imbalances are created because certain regions of this continent are incapable of taking care of themselves , simple as that . 
   united kingdom revive some of their own export industries , lol  if the us invests heavily into domestic infrastructure , engineering and industrial base , lol  if china partially gears away from extreme export orientation towards domestic market etc. 
  that 's what they 're doing  germany should boost the domestic market as in with introducing minimum wage and the highest real wage increases in decades and tax cuts ? 
  we 're an old society , of course there wo n't be much consumption . 
  they have a very high gdp because of the bank , which pushes the r&d / gdp down, 
  next time they want to counterbalance germany , maybe they should n't elect someone who feels like austria is a part of germany . 
  and good fucking luck counterbalancing germany with two of the most pro-german countries of the continent . 
  he 's the president . . he has to smile for pictures , that 's all . 
  can we . . can we join ? 
  ca n't they just use google translate like the rest of the world ? 
  why would they know ? 
  or he should sit the fuck down and get * anything * done instead of challenging his boss to break the contract they both signed and allying with pornstars to make himself look cool . 
  but / y/loladin is n't even a cdu voter , like where do you find the partisanship ? 
  maas is , with all due respect , useless . 
  is it a stabbing attack when hooligans & criminals get into fights ? 
  i mean . . tomorrow is karlsruher vs stuttgart , we 'll be lucky if no one dies . 
  because spd agreed to a coalition and breaking it only makes them look like spinless idiots . 
  which . . oh well . 
  as you should . 
  does n't mean we run the show , we just more relevant than brussels . 
  yeah . . but they dont have a majority on current polls so . . 
  it comes from serbia ? 
   probably more maintenance because they decorate more = more surfaces to clean up . 
  more clothes should mean less time spent on laundry on the other hand ,
