  the woman has been in power for more than 11 years , and pretty hostile to russia . 
  if there was any potential scandal , they would have already published it fifty times . 
  dunno if you noticed , but afd + die linke have 1/4 of the votes in de . 
  to my best knowledge , we do n't have two budgets , one for germans and one for refugees . 
  we have one single budget for everything . 
  our economic growth nowadays comes solely out of a. 
  increased consumption due to higher incomes due to a ) higher employment b ) the introduction of a minimum wage ; and b. 
  productivity increases our growth is more sustainable than the growth of * any * other country on earth . 
   what lobbyist have to do with infrastructure investments ? 
  how else can internet that does n't work for 1080p streams longer than 30min per month be deemed acceptable broadband ? 
  stuttgart21 and ber are n't only happening because of the egos of politicians , you know ? 
  some asshat had to talk them into it . 
  those asshats are lobbyists . 
  it 's in the interest of the business for the german government to have a deficit . 
  there 's no company that would ever bribe sch\u00e4uble for a surplus . 
   somehow they 're all in munich, 
  it 's more than the number of refugees tho, 
   infrastructure agree  education highest spending since reunification for the smallest number of students since reunification . 
  the problem is n't money , it is the structural problems in a couple of l\u00e4nder that have to be solved locally, 
  we have a balanced budget even after the refugee spending . 
  actually , 2016 should be our highest surplus ever i think, 
  technically we spent a shit load of money during the crisis . 
  our government managed the crisis ( domestically ) in an almost perfect way and the vast , vast , vast majority of people were not affected, 
  you mean the evil brown muslim immigrants ? 
  their number in 2016 is lower than our deaths - births number in 2016 , so if there 's been any growth , it came from eu immigrants ( of which , i have to say , there are plenty ), 
  wait buddy wait . 
  we got more peope risking their lives in mali than you do , despite it being bordering on anti-constitutional for us . 
  the millions of people who 've been getting jobs in the last 2 years . 
  firms deciding to invest due to increased optimism & low interest rates . 
  the reason they 're non-subsidized is so that everyone can go, 
  i do n't think we had population growth in 2016, 
  i 'm on my phone atm but i know that a. 
  getting a schengen visa is hard af ( have heard cases of people who were invited to academic conferences & stuff and were not granted a visa for stupid reasons ) . 
  basically if someone from , say , egypt is given a tourist visa , the guy 's checked and has good job and a house and a car and a wife and kids waiting for him back home , so the chance of him staying here illegally is low b. 
  most of overstays , * from what i know * are from balkan countries that have visa free travel for up to 90 days ( entire western balkans bar kosovo ) . 
  now i guess ukraine will add itself to that list, 
  yes , it will be very nice of them to push for eu unity from a minority position . 
  sweethearts . 
  wait who said we want to leave the eu ? 
  some of them are religious , some of them have immigrant backgrounds , some of them hate the woman for obvious reasons , some of them are pro small-government , some of them want less business regulations , some of them do n't love russia , etc etc. 
   we do n't really know his opinion about everything . 
  he 's very new and tends to be vague . 
  hey , worked for the last guy who tried . 
  meh , it 's france . 
  god knows what will happen until then . 
  austria * tried * to help . 
  no matter what happened later , austria did n't completely ignore the other 27 memberstates and said `` meh , move on '' * unlike some others . 
   ny migrant entering germany from a secure country ( i.e. 
  any country with which we have a border ) is supposed to be sent back . 
  yet , this does not happen . 
  that 's on the court tho , not on the government, 
  do you have an idea how fucking difficult it is to get a tourist schengen visa ? 
   and how large other immigration streams are . 
  exactly . 
  if you actually live here , you 'd notice the new spanish it guy next door , the new hungarian bartender where you take your morning coffee , the new cute italian waitress at that cocktail place , the new polish lady who starts selling flowers across the street ... you meet many `` new '' people and more than half of them are from other eu countries . 
  hey , i am one of those who are generally `` refugee-sceptic '' if you know what i mean , but i volunteered a lot during autumn 2015 ( because fuck this shit , yeah i do n't agree with my government about what they 're doing but i have a pair of eyes on my face and i knew perfectly the situation would n't be manageable unless many , many people reach out to help ) . 
  it was a weird , almost nice feeling tho , although my experience is , of course , very little compared to yours if i may ask you : how did they motivate you to go to uni ? 
  we live in the same continent ? 
  oh wait we do n't . 
  oh yes , the glorious blond germany of pre-2015 where there were 0 rapes and 0 murders . 
  in de education is a state matter , so no universal law , but i think all 16 federal states have mandatory coed swimming classes in switzerland , education is a canton matter , and at least all german-speaking cantons have mandatory swimming classes . 
  we had coed changing rooms for like a semester or so because there was a problem with the girls ' room and no funds to fix it . 
  no one died or was raped . 
  genuine q : why are germany & switzerland the only countries where this is such a huge debate that we have court decisions & stuff ? 
  what does the rest of the developed world with muslim immigrants do ? 
  they never go to court ? 
  gender-divided swimming lessons ? 
  their media does n't report on it ? 
  too soon buddy . 
  too soon . 
  the ones who want to decriminalize marital rape ? 
  yes , that will skyrocket safety . 
  i genuinely ca n't remember the last time people were so optimistic about the upcoming year . 
  well maybe in 2012 for 2013 , but that worked us pretty well . 
  but before , it should have been around reunification . 
  set foot in germany this year and you are likely to encounter the jowly , dour portrait of martin luther . 
  with more than 1,000 events in 100 locations , the whole nation is celebrating the 500th anniversary of the monk issuing his 95 theses and ( perhaps apocryphally ) pinning them to the church door at wittenberg . 
  he set in motion a split in christianity that would forever change not just germany , but the world . 
  at home , luther 's significance is no longer primarily theological . 
  after generations of secularisation , not to mention decades of official atheism in the formerly communist east ( which includes wittenberg ) , germans are not particularly religious . 
  but the reformation was not just about god . 
  it shaped the german language , mentality and way of life . 
  for centuries the country was riven by bloody confessional strife ; today protestants and catholics are each about 30 % of the population . 
  but after german unification in the 19th century , lutheranism won the culture wars . 
  `` much of what used to be typically protestant we today perceive as typically german , '' says christine eichel , author of `` deutschland , lutherland '' , a book about luther 's influence . 
  in this section an attack on an istanbul nightclub widens the secular-religious divide vladimir putin wins his last round against barack obama motorway tolls are hurting german-austrian relations in their search for independence , catalans can resemble brexiteers how martin luther has shaped germany for half a millennium reprints related topics germany martin luther christianity protestantism culture and lifestyle start with aesthetics . 
  for luther this was , like everything else , a serious matter . 
  he believed that christians were guaranteed salvation through jesus but had a duty to live in such a way as to deserve it . 
  ostentation was thus a disgraceful distraction from the asceticism required to examine one 's own conscience . 
  the traces of this severity live on in germany 's early 20th-century bauhaus architecture , and even in the furniture styles at ikea ( from lutheran sweden ) . 
  they can be seen in the modest dress , office decor and eating habits of angela merkel , the daughter of a lutheran pastor , and of joachim gauck , germany 's president and a former pastor himself . 
  both may partake of the glitz of the french presidency while visiting paris , but it would never pass in berlin . 
  luther shared his distaste for visual ornament with other protestant reformers . 
  but he differed in the role he saw for music . 
  the swiss protestants john calvin and huldrych zwingli viewed music as sensual temptation and frowned on it . 
  but to luther music was a divinely inspired weapon against the devil . 
  he wanted believers to sing together -- in german , in church and at home , and with instruments accompanying them . 
  today germany has 130 publicly financed orchestras , more than any other country . 
  and concerts are still attended like sermons , sombrely and seriously . 
  luther 's inheritance can also be seen in the fact that germany , the world 's 17th-most populous country , has the second-largest book market after america 's .
