   about 300m from the european quarter . 
  the irony . 
  if anyone who has lost someone reads this , my condolences . 
  people love to talk about how `` why are n't you worried about attacks in baghdad as much as paris ?????? '', 
  ... give me a fucking break . 
  i had to call people today and after the paris attacks . 
  i have friends and family in these cities . 
  and i 'm also distantly affected by those attacks in istanbul and ankara , as my closest colleague has family in both cities . 
  there 's a difference between `` these cunts killed someone in burkina faso '' and `` maybe these cunts killed my cousin '' ... ... and who 's next ? 
  i second this grannies , take thw train . 
  please . 
  eastern kids are still blonde :p, 
  sorry , did n't check the data but my point remains - we did throw a lot of money around back then and it did n't exactly end up where it should have still , a 50 % increase of spending in infrastructure is niiiice , but let 's see where 's the money coming from edit : wait , https://data.oecd.org/transport/infrastructure-investment.htm wtf happened in italy ? 
   ( and as we see , a lot of these investments did not result in anything that would actually help the country ) . 
  probably because we focused on new window blinds for offices instead of those `` neuland '' stuff like digitalisation, 
   `` following the arrest of salah abdeslam , there were young people of immigrant origin in molenbeek someone tell those poles and ukrainians to behave themselves . 
   one of richest in europe , but their population growth is based on immigration . 
  with a birthrate of 1,78 , it 's one of the highest in europe, 
  the whole europe has a below 2,1 birthrate . 
  france is the only country with a birthrate between 2 and 2,1 oh , and once you leave eu ? 
  serbia , albania , ukraine , belarus , all with depressing birthrates our whole continent does n't pop out babies in any semi-respectable rate, 
  wtf is that supposed to mean ? 
  eu forces in mali are peacekeeping troops , not invaders, 
  those forces are not there for a picnic though - they are invited and asked for by the local government, 
  your flag is badass . 
  it looks amazing , at least from european countries , it wins hands down, 
  there are definitely much more than 0 new arrivals from morocco and romania in the last five years . 
  can i ask you where do you live ? 
  because you 're immediately assuming all anti-immigration people are irrational bigots i live in a town recently `` invaded '' by immigrants and i am talking about regular guys , educated professionals from eu countries who come here and respect our laws and work hard and support their families . 
  hungarians , spaniards , poles , etc. 
  i have nothing against them . 
  i know our labor market situation and why they 're coming . 
  on the other hand , i see many families - third-generation families in some cases , mostly from turkey , that came here with gastarbeiter programs and have spend the last two generations on welfare . 
  do n't tell me it 's possible to not get a job in decades , in a region with 2 % unemployment , that would be just stupid . 
  i know how heavily overrepresented foreigners are in our crime rates . 
  take a stroll around our high schools : gymnasium ? 
  kids with blonde hair . 
  kids speaking turkish . 
  have a look at our welfare stats : how come immigrants are so overrepresented ? 
  what % of women from turkey and afghanistan and iraq and africa work in germany ? 
  that 's before starting to count for changes in culture ( why should prisons refuse to serve pork ? ), 
  dear liberal pro-immigrant social work student , please explain to me how this particular type of immigrant helps me or my country ? 
  why should i want them here ? 
  because you 've bored us all with this debate and because that would ultimately shut up everyone who blames their structural problems on the ecb, 
  half of me wants their economy to fall upside down simply to shut up everyone the other half knows that would fuck our economy so i 'd rather not, 
  their housing crisis is not because of immigrants , but because of their stupid rules . 
  for god 's sake , their construction sector is more regulated that the german & swiss one ... that 's just stupid, 
  you said what about the heart of the union ? 
  i thought that was us, 
  you take your rational ideas and go somewhere else . 
  there is a country - any country - that has a less bureaucratic tax system than ours ? 
  til, 
  same story with the swiss . 
  i did n't comment on that did i ? 
  i was talking about gdp per capita . 
  i am sure we all know that it looks much better for poland - it 's something way too obvious to deny , two million bavarians who have recently moved to poland prove this . 
  that 's a long shot buddy . 
  a pretty long shot , 
  our economy is n't doing badly btw , thanks for asking . 
  you 're smarter than that . 
  i do n't think the czech republic ( or poland , for that ever ) will ever run into such a situation . 
  euro may be bad for your economy in different ways , but not for a greek-crisis . 
  ah this one looks better . 
  at least we can see nice-looking numbers . 
  looks like kurds to me , they were targeting a government office some metres away and the bomb exploded prematurely, 
  its government decided to mess with their neighbour 's business . 
  the reason why turkey stayed so safe during so many years of war in iraq is because the kept their nose the fuck out of iraq . 
  but noooo , this time erdogan got smart . 
  we all know that she is doing a christian thing . 
  however , she is technically leading a secular country and what she is doing is wrong - even if it 's christian . 
  it 's for up to 72,000 people . 
  it will definitely hold a full month . 
  good luck, 
  we are trying to cause panic in turkey ? 
  what ? 
  turks may be religious , but they want a secular government, 
  now we only need the crystal ball to see the war zones in the next five centuries and we 're done !, 
  we have coal , why should we go and get gas from someone else , let alone putin ? 
  our dearest friend might want to send a couple of green men to visit krakow . 
  oh , you were the guy who wrote 150 comments against albania in a post a few weeks ago . 
  at least i know i am consulting an expert on balkan issues . 
  the article is wildly correct for guardian standards . 
  but people will keep celebrating about orban 's press statements , merkel losing her power and eu representatives looking like fools . 
  half of austria being immigrants it 's a joke guys , it 's a joke, 
  well , yes , but it 's not like / u/eurovisionist7 will do business with india . 
  he 'll probably work with his neighbours . 
  an albanian or a greek on the other hand , can only talk with the mirror . 
  nope , the sound . 
  i do n't know your grammar at all , i was just taught how to pronounce it . 
  i can do thaaat :d, 
  is it ? 
  a native serbo-croatian speaker has sufficient language skills to have basic communication with serbia , croatia , montenegro , slovenia , bosnia , macedonia , bulgaria and half of austria . 
  probably with czechs and slovaks and poles too , if you add gestures . 
  prague is pretty cheap , esp . 
  drinks . 
  nope , normal restaurant . 
  not necessarily . 
  the truth is , all he needs is one helper who has an apartment in brussels . 
  someone not linked to him previously . 
  he can bring him food and stay in the apartment , and refrain from bringing friends over .
