  no , blaming the baltics for us natives being nutjobs is stupid . 
  women with burka do n't look you down , or at least you would n't notice since their eyes are covered & stuff . 
  sorry for being a hijab nazi . 
  it 's a fucked up political system though , and a deeply divided country . 
  serbia for example is readier . 
  so what 's the rumor ? 
  what will get cut this time ? 
  we ca n't because we 'll starve you to death unintentionally . 
  that is quite a weird thing to say . 
  dead , as in killed , or dead as in , car accident , or dead as in , they got cancer ? 
  oooo . 
  but then she would have eaten my fish . 
  i think we can collectively agree that it was badly managed, 
  i actually think it would be worse than your bailout , because this means rules simply do n't matter at this point ... and why would spain & co stick to respecting the rules if italy blatantly and publicly violates them . 
  check debt levels and unemployment rates of greece , spain , etc, 
  it was kind of authorized by the eu , and this one is n't ... 
  wait this one is n't even happening , renzi is a smart guy, 
  it is probably the most reliable magazine of the continent , if not the entire world , and i say this as someone who disagrees with 80 % of their writers ' stances . 
  oh , you 'd be surprised at how thick the majority of people in our age group are here when it comes to computer stuff , and i say this as a total ignorant myself, 
  personally i have yet to use the internet for job-applying . 
  for my current job , an ex-colleague called and told me a partner company was looking for someone in my profile , i contacted them , went through the whole process with other candidates and got picked at the end . 
  in the it field , there are several platforms i 've heard of that are used esp . 
  from expats , but i do n't have a lot of information on which one could fit your needs the best . 
  i hope our it contigent leaks in and tells you some specific tips , and feel free to post at r/germany . 
  understandable . 
  please , for the love of god , tell me the head of the negotiating team will be polish . 
  sch\u00e4uble is that you ? 
  they ca n't repay the new debts now , simple as that . 
  2 more years means they 'll find their feet , and we wo n't die for 2 years . 
  the important thing is that they 're on the right track, 
  my company , which is n't on it , and every it company in this region . 
  if you know how to convert word to pdf , you 're already better qualified than half the candidates, 
  we had such a great time in the last five years with the spanish hottes , now we 'll get a bunch of drunk , ginger , tea-drinking brits with bad teeth . 
  ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . that was my entire point . 
  a bail-in acc to these rules would n't touch savings deposits and whatnot , but it would affect shareholders and bondholders . 
  the problem in italy is that the bondholders aspect was left unregulated for over a decade , which meant people who did n't know what they were doing were lead and pushed to put their money on bonds , which now means a bail-in would be catastrophic and would punish people who are innocent in this mess . 
  a bailout would also be catastrophic because italian banks are not the only ones in stress , and going back on commonly-established rules would start a chain reaction that would make greece look like a small headache . 
  the merkel route, 
  anything wrong right now down there ? 
  a new political crisis ? 
  i do n't , the fish has passed away . 
  let 's pray she gets it, 
  i understand the reason why your banking is in crisis . 
  i was explaining the reason why a bail-in process acc to established rules would not work in italy, 
  we have eastern states too you know , and they had to start from 0 just 26 years ago , while italy had * centuries * to catch up . 
  yeah , but for example denmark is the singld least corrupted country i 've encountered during work and they have relatively low growth, 
  no one is saying their labour reform should happen . 
  literally no one . 
  italy has other structural problems ... just a take from that bail-in charade : banks were allowed to sell billions and billions of bonds to uninformed citizens ( esp . 
  in the southern parts of the country ) for a full decade , under the nose of mario draghi and 67 different pms and no one `` took notice '' and intervened . 
  now we see that this mess - millions of people tangled in a complex net of npl & corruption without their `` educated consent '' - encouraged the commission to break rules established three years ago and potentially affect the rest of the european banking system . 
  this scandal on this scale did n't happen not even in poor eastern countries in the '90 where practically 99 % of people were ignorant on banking products . 
  it happened in italy ... and they do n't even find it weird * apparently *, 
  technically speaking , spain already underwent reforms post-2011 & while down to bare bones , they 're on `` healthy bones '' . 
  italy did not , and let 's see how it goes for renzi . 
  that bail-in charade disappointed me a little . 
  michael-fuck-experts-gove , of course . 
  your guys are not flat-out lunatics though . 
  they 're a little too extreme for my own liking , but i do manage to gather two grams of respect . 
  afd are flat-out incompetent lunatics . 
  i remember julia 's speech , it was pretty good . 
  it was the 1st time in a long time she did n't hold back . 
  and tea . 
  tea !, 
  i wrote this on another thread here , but it 's really amazing how the political turmoil barely affected the recovery in spain . 
  smart people are smart, 
  you still around ? 
  if you do n't reconsider your opinion when faced with a new reality and new information , that says a lot about you too . 
  it 's the same thing with slovakians , people from the baltics , etc. 
  we did n't work with `` outsiders '' ... 
  i 've also had to work hand-in-hand with truck drivers and whatnot , and did n't have issues . 
  i think that the fall of communism meant they were all given equal opportunities ( everyone was poor af ) & could actually take responsibility over their own business . 
  it happened two years ago . 
  :( thank you, 
  let 's be honest . 
  if denmark had voted to leave in june 23rd , they would have already triggered article 50 , and outlined what they want from negotiations , and chosen a negotiating team . 
  we 'd never get to try this brit drama . 
  i ca n't say i am too sad about ukip being screwed . 
  my now-sadly-dead goldfish would take more responsibility for the uk than the entire political class of the country . 
  i am not promoting top-down initiatives . 
  i believe in the free market . 
  i was simply asking what you think should be one from `` the ones on top '' to ensure good development from the bottom up . 
  the attack was a couple of weeks ago ... 
  well yeah ... but i ca n't see what governments , let alone sch\u00e4uble , can do about that, 
  tbh , we also rent instead of buying . 
  that 's why our median income is not that bad , but our wealth levels are horrific . 
  i 've worked with people from both cee & se . 
  trust me , it 's not poles & czechs have an work ethic problem . 
  and pretty much everyone with the same experience has the same opinion . 
  genuine question : what 's the barriers you think we should break for movement of experise ? 
  recognising qualifications ? 
  he 's independent . 
  i do n't agree with half the things he says , but i understand the importance of having a strong & credible finance minister to function as a counterweight to populist politics , or else we 'd end up like some other country . 
  shit , we 've grown a bit . 
  i expected us to be in the below-20 % group . 
  i know our growth numbers are mediocre , but i always forget how quickly we got back what we lost during the crisis . 
  then everyone dies and cute little puppies will feed on our bones . 
  eu is not a trade block , it 's a single market , there are different levels of trade integration, 
  the increase in birthrates is almost exclusively in the eastern states , and they all have a grand total of five immigrants . 
  ( ok , i am kidding but they do n't have a lot ),
