  positions ? 
  pro-eu of course , more pro-russia than merkel , pro-multiculturalism , socially liberal ( yay , gay marriage ) , pro-more distribution . 
  we do n't know his program yet . 
  he had an interview on sat night where he appeared quite populistic . 
  i did n't like it at all , but let 's wait & see . 
  do n't you ever talk about poldi like that !!!! 1 !!!! 1 !!, 
  i am a csu voter who misses no chance to bash spd . 
  schulz is a good man . 
  i do n't like most of his policies , and that interview was pure bullshit , but he would still be probably the most competent , trustworthy government chief in g8 . 
  i 'll vote against him , but if he ends up as chancellor , he wo n't do a bad job . 
  count me in !, 
  le pen is usually overestimated by the polls i think . 
  the same thing is beginning to happen here with afd . 
  count me in !, 
  she 's not french tho, 
  she looks like a ranting wreck who is blaming her country 's biggest partner for all the problem they created themselves . 
  when we had the highest unemployment since dinosaurs were still around ? 
  why ? 
  if i had to pick my ideal year : 2014 . 
  economy is booming , our government being a grownup with ukraine , no refugee crisis , most liked country in the world , and a world cup . 
  the german chancellor has the balls to explain a convention `` inspired '' by the holocaust to potus . 
  mein gott , i really do live in the best time to be german . 
  and it 's still one of the coolest things to see in germany . 
  i 've visited it three times , always impressed . 
  maybe the ethnic community in macedonia can get albanian passports easily ? 
  people are stupid . 
  yeah , many germans moving into poland did n't work out that well the last many times . 
  polan stronk & german !!! 1 !! 11 !!!, 
  quick translation `` the federal chancellor regrets the us government 's entry ban against refugees and citizens of certain countries . 
  she is convinced that the necessary , decisive battle against terrorism does not justify a general suspicion against people of a certain origin or a certain religion . 
  the geneva refugee convention required the international community to take in war refugees on humanitarian grounds . 
  all signatory states are obligated to do so . 
  the chancellor explained this policy to the us president in their call yesterday . 
  the german government will now examine what consequences the measure of the us government will have for german citizens with double citizenship , and will represent their interests , if necessary , before our american partners . '', 
  i think he 's referring to kosovo , not to the us . 
  does n't matter , kosovo being poor af does n't mean it 's collapsing . 
  it 's a relatively ugly country , so i would n't recommend it to anyone for a visit , but if you do n't care about that , it 's a very nice place to go , people are so nice and welcoming and friendly it blows your mind . 
  and dude , the cheapest , most delicious meat !, 
  i think that 's why it 's easier for slavic people : they just `` translate '' their own super hard grammar into german , instead of trying to learn `` german grammar '' first hand, 
  we have a problem with bibi , because bibi is doing what no israeli pm should ever do . 
  that 's all . 
  lammert is a sweetheart . 
  technically not the bulk . 
  net immigration for 2016 is estimated at 750000 , of which sth below 300000 are asylum seekers . 
   a negligible number of newcomers is employable in the software field where there is an acute demand so they 're of no help on that end . 
  what ? 
  the vast majority of spaniards i 've met in germany are in some kind of it/programming job . 
  same for the portugese , hungarians , etc. 
  and it makes sense , it 's the only field where it 's comfortable to work w/o german , and people from se have a thing for being bad in german . 
  not necessarily . 
  for example , if you 're in bavaria , you probably know tons of people who are struggling to find employees or apprentices right ? 
  where are they supposed to find them ? 
  dude , your president is on a 9 % approval rate . 
  our chancellor is on 59 % after 11 years in power & the biggest mess since reunification . 
  actually our consumption is going up , even as % of income, 
  and thank god for that , 12 billion surplus in times of negative interest rates is nuts . 
  but staying at home , which your previous comment referenced to as a good thing , means she can not catch up . 
  i ca n't do your psychoanalysis now on reddit . 
  legally , this terrorist is as german as i am . 
  period . 
  yes , let 's have two classes of german citizens : those with german grandparents and those with non-german grandparents . 
  as if our citizenship law is n't strict enough on its own already . 
   it is maybe really a money related issue because inmates are very expensive you just implied that our legal system is built around lowering costs . 
   theresa mays says the same thing and suddenly its colonial empire britain . 
  you got me wrong . 
  i was n't criticising the claim `` we gon na lead the world '' . 
  i was saying that leading the free world is not compatible with inward-looking . 
  to lead the world , you have to think globally , and may does not do that . 
   so we can negotiate our own free trade deals . 
  which will be less beneficial to your economy than if you were part of the eu as your gdp is like 1/5 of it and you have less leverage . 
  and you have such a shortage of trade experts that you have to `` import '' them from eastern european countries * in order to negotiate a post-brexit agreement with the eu *, 
  wait ( 33-0 ,4 ) % is a pretty big number . 
  if previous murderers are getting parking tickets , i genuinely do n't see the problem . 
  but the law students in this post comments would have had to go through it . 
  poor guys :(, 
  you 're better than me , and as long as you 're sourcing stuff it 's helpful to everyone , me included . 
  we do n't have any legal experts here for all i know , but we have enough law students to give everyone a clear big picture & correct each-other . 
  as long as no one is taking legal advice through reddit ( & no one should : dudes , if you got a problem , go talk to a proper lawyer , all those `` ask for professional help '' subreddits are stupid most of the time ) , i think we 're fine with your mistakes . 
  i think you also did a pretty good job on the burka thingie . 
  legally , she 's as german as i am , and thus we ca n't deport her to a country that she 's not even a citizen of , even if she wants to become an `` is citizen '', 
  i usually tag / u/marktplatz when i post an article and i think a quick tl ; dr of the legal background is helpful to the others , because his explanations are always better than mine . 
  i think he 's more into constitutional law , so i 'll add you to my `` pliz gib help shortlist '' too , 
  thank you , very helpful . 
  more helpful than anything i 've read on this case today . 
  good luck for the rest of your studies , your state exams or whatever you have left !, 
  we have the rule of law and all that shit , we wo n't go apeshit crazy and create an ad-hoc legal system just because you think she 'll attack you in the future , that 's not how it works . 
   murder ( = planned manslaughter ) . 
  murder is not planned manslaughter in german law . 
  my point was , what did the judge base his assumption for the `` subjective '' part . 
  she was 15 when she did this , she 's judged under juvenile law . 
   what does colonial britain have to do with it ? 
  in order to `` lead again '' you have to do what you once used to do when you used to lead : think globally  free trade then why leave the biggest single market the world has ever seen . 
   human rights this is theresa may we 're talking about . 
  thank you , but i think you misquoted my comment . 
  care to do it right so that others do n't misunderstand you ? 
  vogel did n't stab anyone , for all we know . 
  my question was `` how the hell can they not find enough proofs to lock him up ? '', 
  and not `` why are n't we ignoring rule of law & locking him up w/o evidence & deporting him to another planet ?????? '', 
  oh god . 
  next thing you know , these breitbart-style portals will publish articles about men pretending to be transgender in order to get into women jails and radicalize women prisonrs .
