  but the options are unpalatable . 
  `` we will have to save more , work longer and simply lower our expectations , '' says joachim fels , a global economic adviser at pimco , the bond fund manager . 
  `` that 's the sad truth . '' for some , such as central states , an ugly denouement looks unavoidable . 
  tom nyhan , the pension fund 's executive director , says it has promoted legislation to fix the problem , without success . 
  `` people are viewing it as a bailout and the american public are tired of tarp and the wall street bailouts . '' pensions : mathematics in disarray in 1882 the english writer anthony trollope offered a dystopian solution to the growing numbers of elderly pensioners in his satirical novel the fixed period . 
  in the fictional republic of britannula , citizens are removed to the town of necropolis at the age of 67 , and spend a year of contemplation before being euthanised and cremated . 
  he had recognised that growing longevity would soon create a problem , and a problem immediately emerged . 
  soon after trollope 's book was published , german chancellor otto von bismarck introduced one of the world 's first modern pension systems , with a retirement age of 70 . 
  rising prosperity has since allowed developed countries to ramp up extensive welfare states , with pensions to ensure that most people do not die in penury . 
  employers used reliably high interest rates available from bonds to offer cast-iron pension guarantees . 
  with life expectancy short , and stock markets performing well , the funds they put aside often showed a profit , and the institutional investment industry was born . 
  anthony trollope 's satirical novel the fixed period envisaged a society where those in charge planned to terminate the lives of citizens at the age of 68 \u00a9 nypl however , demographic changes -- such as the retiring baby boomer generation in the us -- have raised concerns over the longer-term viability of the global pensions industry . 
  the main response has been to shift risk from companies and governments to individual savers . 
  the most significant development in the us was the employee retirement income security act of 1974 , which paved the way for 401 ( k ) pension plans , and served as a model for new national retirement schemes across the developing world . 
  in the 1980s and 1990s , stock markets enjoyed their longest-ever bull market . 
  savers in many cases assumed that these returns would continue , and put only a small proportion of their income into the funds . 
  the stock markets ' peak in 2000 , and the fall in bond yields that started in the early 1980s , have thrown the mathematics behind both traditional and more modern pension plans into disarray . 
  both appear to be heading for a serious deficit . 
  ** part 2 ** `` the emergency to pension schemes has been caused by qe , '' she said . 
  `` i do n't see how it is reasonable to ask companies with pension schemes to fill a # 1tn hole and put money into their businesses as well . 
  it does n't add up . '' interactive pensions ' painful arithmetic bond mathematics and the scale of pension deficits explained boe officials say they recognise the problem , but they are not apologetic . 
  andrew haldane , its chief economist , says the central bank 's top priority must be to stimulate the economy . 
  `` i sympathise with savers , but jobs must come first , '' he says . 
  the problem is clearest in the uk , where gilt yields have tumbled to unprecedented lows since june 's vote to leave the eu . 
  according to mercer , the actuary , the uk 's 350 largest listed companies face a shortfall of up to # 149bn in their pension plans , with the expected cost of their guaranteed payments to pensioners -- # 870bn -- far outstripping the assets of # 721bn they hold to cover them . 
  this gap widened by # 10bn in the five days after the boe cut interest rates at the end of last month . 
  bond yields have been falling globally since the early 1980s , initially in response to the us federal reserve 's success in bringing inflation under control . 
  meanwhile the returns on stocks , where pension funds put most of their assets , have been hurt by two major market crashes since 2000 . 
  in the us , the assets held by pension funds have roughly doubled -- up 105 per cent -- since 1999 , but the cost of their liabilities to pensioners has almost quadrupled -- up 278 per cent , according to the actuarial group ryan alm . 
  # 149bn pension shortfall faced by the uk 's 350 largest listed companies . 
  since the bank of england rate cut in august , # 10bn has been added to this gap the result is enormous pension deficits . 
  in the us , pensions run by companies in the s&p 1500 index were underfunded by $ 562bn by the end of last month , according to mercer -- nearly $ 160bn wider just seven months earlier thanks to further drops in bond yields . 
  for us public plans -- which are allowed to assume far higher interest rates than are available in the bond market , making their liabilities look unrealistically cheap -- the problem is far worse . 
  joshua rauh , a professor of finance at stanford university , estimates that their total deficits , if liabilities were priced in the same way as corporate plans , would be about $ 3.4 tn . 
  `` it 's existential . 
  that 's the one-word summary of the scale of the challenges , '' says alasdair macdonald of willis towers watson , an actuarial consultancy . 
  `` you can pull different levers , but the declines in rates is an existential problem for the entire pensions system . '' low interest rates also lead to higher valuations on equities , which make up the bulk of most pension funds ' portfolios . 
  with stocks more expensive , expected future returns are lower , making the problem of meeting pension promises even more severe . 
  `` it 's scary and it 's surreal , '' says carsten stendevad , who heads atp , the $ 110bn national danish pension plan . 
  `` first , if you 're in the business of offering annuities , your product just became very expensive to produce . 
  but secondly we can see that the impact of qe is affecting other asset classes as well . 
  that 's the scarier part . 
  there 's nowhere really to hide . '' play video ft markets policy paradox any solution to the problem involves individuals saving more and companies investing less -- a result that blunts the primary goal of easy monetary policy : stimulating spending . 
  `` for a given retirement income , '' says antti ilmanen of aqr , a large us fund manager , `` when the market does n't do the work for you , you 've got to do the saving . 
  it has n't been much discussed in the context of macro stimulus , but it 's a reason why it 's been hard for low yields to stimulate spending . '' rob arnott of research affiliates says the natural response for investors facing a zero yield is to stop spending , save more and put money into markets -- actions that lead to asset bubbles . 
  `` the behaviour we are seeing is exactly what you would expect given that framework . 
  people stop spending . 
  it 's keynes ' liquidity trap but for completely different reasons than the ones he predicted . '' the problem is greatest for defined benefit plans , which can only escape their guaranteed payouts through bankruptcy . 
  detroit 's bankruptcy settlement , which saw non-uniformed retirees take a 4.5 per cent cut in their pensions and lose their cost-of-living adjustments in june 2014 , showed the stakes . 
  $ 104,000 median balance of a us 401 ( k ) account held by households near retirement . 
  if the holder follows withdrawal guidelines this would provide just $ 4,000 in annual income starting in the 1970s , many companies stopped offering db plans , and shifted to defined contribution pensions , such as the widely used 401 ( k ) in the us , which have no guarantee of an income for savers . 
  because these remove risk from companies , dc plans are very attractive to employers and they now account for 48 per cent of the $ 35.4 tn pensions pot in 19 developed countries , according to willis towers watson . 
  the risk instead falls on individual savers -- and hence ultimately on to governments . 
  that means low rates create the same risk of social crisis for dc plans as they do for db plans . 
  many savers started contributing when it seemed reasonable to expect strong returns over their lifetimes . 
  a popular metric was that savers who put away 8 per cent of their income every year for 40 years would be able build up an income of 75 per cent of their final earnings by the time they retired . 
  according to mr ilmanen , this approach would have worked with real returns , above inflation , of 5.5 per cent per year . 
  this is roughly what a us-based portfolio of 60 per cent stocks and 40 per cent bonds has achieved since 1951 . 
  but if future returns drop by only two percentage points , to 3.5 per cent , savers will need to put aside almost 15 per cent of their income . 
  with bonds and stocks now historically expensive , 3.5 per cent is if anything optimistic . 
  soci\u00e9t\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9rale 's andrew lapthorne illustrates the problem a different way . 
  if someone today invested $ 100,000 in a balanced portfolio of stocks and bonds , they could expect a return of $ 21,800 over the next two decades after costs . 
  ten years ago , that same investor might have expected to make $ 60,000 , and three decades ago $ 150,000 . 
  the 400,000 savers and members of the central states pension fund , set up in 1955 to provide for truckers in their retirement , received a letter in may from their board of directors and trustees with an unusual apology . 
  it regretted to inform them that the fund would not , after all , be cutting their benefits because the us treasury had blocked a plan to do so . 
  sample the ft 's top stories for a week you select the topic , we deliver the news . 
  select topic enter email addressinvalid email sign up by signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions , cookie policy and privacy policy . 
  central states wanted to cut benefits because it feared that it would go bust , as its assets of nearly $ 18bn can not cover the benefits worth more than $ 32bn it has promised to pay out . 
  the plan to cut pensions now was part of a rescue package intended to avert total disaster later . 
  but the idea came under attack in congress and from unions . 
  ft series pensions crunch drives desire for long-dated gilts policies to keep economy growing are adding to schemes ' underfunding `` central states pension fund remains in critical and declining status , and is projected to run out of money in less than 10 years , '' it warned in the letter . 
  many more pensioners and savers around the world are likely to receive such letters , and many more politicians will face the same impossible dilemma . 
  a demographic crisis for pensions , driven by longer life expectancies and declining birth rates , has now become critical , thanks to historic low bond yields across the world . 
  income from bonds , especially government and fixed-income bonds , is a bedrock of pension investing . 
  years of declining bond yields have made it far harder for funds to buy an income for their members , leading to desperation tactics like those seen at central states . 
  as anxiety mounts , some politicians are laying the blame for a looming problem at the feet of central banks . 
  baroness altmann , the former uk pensions minister , said this month that pension funding had reached `` crisis point '' and blamed the bank of england 's quantitative easing policy of buying bonds . 
  you 're basically saying your opinion on how secularity should work by saying you prefer the french laicite . 
  your comment is not about integration , assimilation , multiculturalism or appeasement . 
  so allowing crosses is appeasement too ? 
  do we want integration ? 
  or do we want full assimilation in a culturally christian society ? 
  personally i prefer the 2nd option , but i ca n't see how it will work in 2016 , so maybe we should stick to the first option , integration ? 
  because that would mean that people are not forced to abandon their religion to serve as police officers . 
  r/europe has a german bias ? 
  are you sure you have been here in the last years ? 
  in most cases , that includes germany nowadays , unfortunately . 
  for example , integrating them in their police forces ? 
  you can wear a cross as a police officer in scotland, 
  the thing , you already have a rich colonial history ( i am not saying this to bash the uk ) that naturally means you are more understandable towards people who both retain ties to their home country and `` embrace '' the uk . 
  which is why this debate is not for uk but for germany . 
  you severely underestimate the willingness of csu to propose stupid shit , and i say this as a loyal voter . 
  unemployment stats in general weakly correlate with gdp in europe because of obvious reasons . 
   what 's interesting is the czech republic . 
  one of the lowest unemployment rates , but also a very low employment rate for graduates . 
  anyone wants to chip in with an explanation ? 
  i have a feeling our cute little csu will push for sth incomparably stupid to be done regarding double citizenship in order to shut people up . 
  ( and i say this as someone who 's strongly anti-double-citizenship on principle ) . 
  like , stripping those who play for the turkish nt from their german passport . 
  that level of total stupidity and pointlessness .
