  we spend around 4 % on servicing the full thing i think . 
  exactly . 
  shit , let 's say it 's only 3 years , that immediately pushes debt above 100 % . 
  for three damn years . 
  there 's no way it can be saved through debt . 
  we 're talking over 250 billion annually , and that 's before a huge generation retires . 
  we actually earn money by servicing it, 
  my god , did they stop teaching maths in europe or what ? 
  reforms like what ? 
  we already have probably the highest promoting-babies-spending in the world, 
  what did the baby boomers do ? 
  daring to retire ? 
  pensions are capped in germany , which is why contributions are also capped . 
  you really have to read up on our pension system . 
  we already have a huge gap between those retiring and those entering the workforce on an annual basis though . 
  it 's * huge *, 
  and how is that manageable with negative rates ? 
  you have n't noticed both afd & die linke getting a good 10 % each ? 
  and certain groups within the spd on top of that ? 
  in an ideal situation , you do n't really need to use resources to `` make people integrate '' . 
  more like `` integrate , you have this timeline to get a job and learn a2 german and do n't get flagged for anything stupid and do n't commit any crimes , or get the fuck out '' . 
  the problem is , getting so many people out is a little logistically problematic . 
  tbh , you ca n't integrate women with a burqa anyway so that argument does n't stand . 
  i am against banning it though . 
  i think all states here have it, 
   yeah , our system is n't going to last forever in its current form . 
  imo the government is doing it to keep our precious balanced budget and to avoid upsetting people , because no one likes pension changes . 
  leave the balanced budget out of this , it has literally nothing to do with it . 
  how ( taxes - spending ) ends up in 2017 has literally nothing to do with your retirement age . 
   and in addition to that we also have the beitragsbemessungsgrenze , a very german word , which means that your contributions are limited to a certain amount of money no matter how rich you are . 
  so up to a certain point everyone pays in the same % of their income . 
  if your income is above said point your contributions no longer increase and hence the % of your income you actually pay into the pension system shrinks . 
  that 's because our pensions are also capped , you do n't get the full amount in the right % for every income level . 
  but we mourn for him and his sacrifice , so why do they call it a good day ? 
  yeah , i messed up . 
  the `` real '' articles are century-old, 
  it 's not an involvement as `` it 's not the state 's decision '' . 
  it 's not like our minister of finance got up one day and decided to collect money for churches . 
  it 's a century-old constitutional article ( \u00a7 140 ) that basically says that articles 137-141 ( if i am correct ) will be copy-pasted in the new gg , and one of things mentioned in those articles is the right of the churches to levy taxes and collect them as they see fit . 
  14 * some of us are just so blessed by virgin mary . 
   do n't most germans pay an income tax that funds the ekd ? 
  you opt to pay it . 
  basically the church has fees and instead of getting it directly from you on cash , it gets it through the state tax system since it 's more practical . 
  jewish communities could also do this , but they collect the money themselves ( because the state keeps commissions for what it collects ... and they 're jews ) . 
  and if you want to talk about the church messing with the state , you should pick the catholic church . 
  it 's usually us that go around suing people . 
  why do you call it good friday ? 
  the guy died for god 's sake . 
  there are days in states/cantons germany/switzerland - mostly religious , but also some memorial days - when dancing in public or loud music are prohibited . 
  in some cases , shops also do n't work in afternoons and things like that . 
  i live here and no , no one cares if you go to church or not , and esp . 
  not today . 
  we 're more into old traditions that fundamentalist religion . 
  i think the argument legally used here is `` religious traditions '' , not `` day-off-to-go-to-church '' so technically it would be weird if everyone had to stay at home for eid . 
  not that i would mind , as long as they bring baklava next day . 
  i think everyone is so antagonistic because it 's not a debate in our countries . 
  and eid is technically not a giant grill party , men are supposed to go to their extended families and visit them and give money to small kids and whatnot ( do n't ask me why a religion that promotes gender segregation does this , i do n't know ) . 
  men are supposed to go to the mosque to pray and then to cemeteries with flowers and stay in silence there . 
  it 's just that our guys decided that was too boring and just throw parties . 
  we did n't want to . 
  we drink on catholic holidays , sundays and workdays , that 's not the reason . 
  yeah , but catholic holidays are much more fun . 
  german & bavarian laws still apply to those places , they 're just not directly administered because there 's nothing to administer, 
  do you have `` quiet days/nights '' in the us ? 
  like , are there states who do it for hanukkah ? 
  we so lazy & festive . 
  and what 's even more interesting , there are like three days here where businesses work but schools have the day off ( i am not talking about regular holidays , just religious days that are school-free ), 
  people everywhere use this as an extra holiday . 
  corpus christi is more observed for example . 
  you 'd have to waste paper to make rules & stuff . 
  that 's not thrifty !, 
  for germany ? 
  yes . 
  i do agree with minors on double passports , because then we would have to punish kids for having stupid parents . 
  i think it should also be allowed for first-gen emigrants if parents opt for it , and certain repatriates . 
  but that 's about it . 
  edit : of course , i think it 's fine to allow it for citizens whose native countries do n't allow people to give up their first citizenship . 
  `` everyone celebrates it as a cultural tradition so it 's a better idea to allow them to not work '' turkey also has legally-mandated religious holidays and other similar stuff , and on a purely constitutional basis , it 's a more secular state that the us . 
  they have more catholics than protestants though , so technically they could allow it on a local basis, 
  a teacher for example can also notify the police if she thinks the parent is neglecting the kid & the kid is in an abusive relationship . 
  that 's exactly the problem , it 's not illegal so we should change a couple of things like i say in the other comment - they should try to find a solution around the fact that their parents should file for it , by working with teachers and social workers . 
  it is already a problem with irresponsible german moms ... there was a case some years ago about a 13 year old dating someone twice her age who was raped by her boyfriend , was too afraid to go to the police and whatnot . 
  i think holidays on a state level are actually a great idea . 
  fragmenting it like that is stupid though . 
  ( we have more holidays than everyone else xaxaxaxa ), 
  0,4 % growth in the 2nd quarter is quite ok for us btw . 
  it puts as around 3,1 % y2y , which is great . 
  hell , i am sure the vast majority of germans have n't even heard about growth rates . 
  structural reforms , in my humble opinion , should include further integrating service markets inside the eu , esp . 
  when it comes to the digital and energy market . 
  we also need better regulation of the financial sector . 
  first , get that referendum done . 
  we still here btw . 
  i think they keep separate stats for marital / relationship / stranger rapes in order to plan prevention strategies better, 
  not bw ? 
  why ? 
  you 're 0,3 percentage points below forecast i think . 
  no expects poland to go through a recession . 
  german laws passed by our parliament ? 
  if two gay frenchmen are married and move to berlin and one of them rapes the other and the other goes to the police to report it , it technically does n't count as marital rape .
