  just now from ntv, 
  it 's not a martyr if he leaves the scene & goes to a hospital & has his picture plastered around, 
  how do all these terrorists `` forget '' an id someplace ? 
  is n't it ... * too convenient * ? 
  considering that k\u00f6ln did n't change our attitude towards that thing , ca n't see how this can . 
  we ca n't let these stuff change our way of life tho . 
  i am going to the christmas market tonight after work . 
  i am going to a football match this week . 
  i am taking public transport as usual . 
  we can not let terrorists change us , we as a country are stronger than that . 
  for the sake of those 12 victims , and the sake of that polish driver , we * have * to keep going . 
  where do you live ? 
  that 's pretty smart, 
  24 hours late ? 
  do n't they have internet over there ? 
  german media * namely die welt the police did n't reveal his name , and his date of entry was revealed by the interior minister . 
  yes , i 'm sure he was wearing a turban & had a long beard & had a jihadist slogan in his t-shirt . 
  if the federal government would resign over a ( granted , failure ) of the berlin state police , that would be slightly anti-constitutional . 
  his name was revealed by our gracious media , together with his birthdate & date of entry ( this was by our gracious interior minister ), 
  do n't worry about your german & thanks for the kind words . 
  the rest of reddit is celebrating openly for 12 people being killed in my capital city . 
  the problem with the manhunt is , we got no fucking idea who the guy is , how he looks like , his age , his name , his nationality . 
  and basically they have to go through the gps system to trace back to where the truck was stolen & hope there 's a camera nearby showing someone with a gun attacking this truck thingie at atound 4pm . 
  it 's a mess of epic proportions . 
  and we ca n't have our police break the law just to make reddit happy . 
  insufficient evidence , suspect is let go . 
  end kf the story, 
  the police did n't say the suspect was a 23 year old pakistani refugee named navid sth , which is what our media reported . 
  `` the police has arrested a suspect '' is fine . 
  `` the attacker is this guy , with this name , this birthday , this date of entry in germany , staying at the left corner in this refugee shelter '' is not, 
  yes , because no way to hide in a country of 80 million people . 
  he must be in latvia . 
  he surely ca n't appare hp-style, 
  my god :(, 
   a few of your friends 1/4 of jobs in germany depend on exports aka globalism . 
  we 're talking a double digit millions of people . 
  not all those people are merkel 's friends . 
  and they are not `` few '' . 
  so we have iraqis trying to kill germans ( of all backgrounds ) for religious reasons , ethnic germans killing turks for racist reasons , turks killing kurds for middle-eastern issues , kurds killing their daughters for having a boyfriend , and kurdish daughters killings ants out of stress . 
  what a happy big family . 
  yes , the world 's biggest exporter really wants to hear about how globalism has lost us jobs to countries with lower wages . 
  what does that have to do with globalism ? 
  what the guy is saying is they should n't celebrate anything, 
  berlin is not considered `` eastern germany '' on basis of anything but pue geographical position . 
  and yes , it 's mostly berlin , altho there are issues in nrw cities too i 'd say . 
  munich , frankfurt , stuttgart , even hamburg are usually ok . 
  so it 's only been german for 99 years ? 
  we 're the world 's biggest net exporter , and our chancellor is supposed to be anti-globalist ? 
  wtf are we gon na do then , sell stuff to the moon ? 
  well of course they are outraged . 
  they 're church representatives , are they supposed to embrace hatred & bigotry ? 
  people really have to read the bible i see . 
  random q : i see he looks pretty dark , but is n't his name typical bulgarian ? 
  i thought your roma had usually distinct names/surnames . 
  no , he literally said he wants to go to berlin & see germans there . 
  he was referring to the people he sees fitting his image of `` german '' , not to integration or anything . 
  my college is very dark for a turkish guy , but a perfectly integrated , educated , hard-working , law-abiding person . 
  and that commenter would be pissed off seeing him in berlin because he does n't look german . 
  now please explain why my colleague living in berlin would be a problem that guy has to care about . 
  if he wants only germans to be in germany , * he should stay the fuck out * , not just because that 's a pretty racist thing to say , but also because he 's not a german . 
  ** thank god **, 
  you want berlin to remain `` blonde '' so that when you , * a tourist * , visits it , would perceive it as `` german '' ? 
  sven should get the fuck out . 
  the last guy who tried that is probably wathing tv in his pjs as we speak . 
  what a lovely family . 
  but when she went to turkey to go to syria her mom asked for help right ? 
  or is it a different case ? 
  cocaine is pretty * accessible * in frankfurt , dunno how dortmund made it to the top . 
  and then there 's k\u00f6ln and hamburg and berlin ... but dortmund ? 
  not our baby you fucks . 
  i mean , we had his fingerprints . 
  you had his fingerprint . 
  there were two pairs of his fingerprints somewhere in some database that were not matched apparently until the guy killed someone . 
  i 'm not bashing you as a country ... 
  i 'm bashing the system itself . 
  since reunification , neo-nazis have killed , in germany , for racist motivations , a certain number of people - claimed to be 75 by the government . 
  there 's a * pretty long * list of murders that look to be racially-motived & the jumber 75 is widely disputed , but even taking it at face value , it 's 37,5 times the number of deaths by islamist terrorism . 
  and let 's ignore the fact that those two islamist deaths were n't even civilians - they were american soldiers . 
  37,5 times . 
  it 's fine to consider islamist terrorism our biggest threat . 
  it 's not fine to ignore the other side of terrorism , especially since they killed so many , especially since we have more of them in pure numbers , especially since the police and secret services were caught helping them so many times , mainly in the nsu murders , while there 's been no such a thing for islamists . 
  and do n't even get me started on those reichsb\u00fcrger thingies . 
  mate , you already fingerprint all your criminals , this has nothing to do with the guy 's asylum . 
  if he was greek the problem would remain the same . 
  and if my government goes full nuts & dares to * mention * the greek government when commenting the case , i 'll scream . 
  they should sit the fuck down & work out a system to check fingerprints , not blame their mistakes on your government . 
  hug from far away , fellow eu-citizen-with-incompetent-government . 
  no , what i 'm saying is people do n't move to poland at all , regardless of who 's in government . 
  this is n't an insult - i love poland , i 've visited huge chunks of the country , there 's no country i respect more and you guys are lovable , but let 's be honest here . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong i live in what 's probably the single richest region in the eu , and there 's a long list of stuff that can be improved infrastructure-wise in my region . 
  10 months ago we had 20-sth people die from what was a perfectly preventable train accident . 
  that was like 90 minutes driving distance south of my hometown . 
  or we spend that money on our infrastructure . 
  with romanian materials if you want to . 
  and romanian workforce . 
  who the fuck would be moving to poland if tusk was still pm ? 
  ... the fuck going there with her boobs out & a miniskirt would be disrespectful . 
  going there without a hijab is perfectly acceptable . 
  i dislike ursula more than any of those saudi guys does , but if she chooses to wear a headscarf or not remains * her * choice & everyone should respect that . 
  1 rape .
