  i am sorry , but we really can not do anything about it . 
  that 's how referendums work - you got ta do what 50 % +1 of your compatriots wan na do . 
  gabriel & merkel have invested into ttip . 
  however , merkel can backpedal easily . 
  actually they are allowed . 
  source : i know someone from the balkans , no german , works for a bank in frankfurt , used to work for an insurance company in munich . 
  frankfurt is tiny compared to london . 
  it 's a city where you can live on just walking , instead of driving or cycling or public transport . 
  however , pretty much everyone from a bank ceo to the waiters to taxi drivers speak decent english . 
  we do n't speak german , neighbor . 
  nope . 
  it gives banks time to move to frankfurt . 
  it makes dublin a more uncertain option because of a possible unification ( that wo n't happen ) . 
  i 'd go as far as say it makes paris a less viable option since their elections are approaching . 
  it also shows a soft face from germany . 
  merkel & steinmeier saying everything is cool sends a message of `` we got your back '' . 
  sch\u00e4uble & schulz pushing for fast negotiations sends the message of `` our terms '' without destroying relationships . 
  merkel had obviously thought about the leave pro-vote . 
  all while sch\u00e4uble and her puppets will throw uk around , while she gets to be the good girl who has good will towards uk , pushing for trade relations and exchanges and whatnot say all you what about merkel , but the woman is n't stupid . 
  she has managed to stay on top of things for 11 very rough years , with the exception of that little crisis last fall . 
  his approval rate is 13 % . 
  for reference : i do n't think we 've ever had any politician who , in any moment of his career , had a 13 % approval rate . 
  they 've kept up this drama for over two years now . 
  they are * not * lazy, 
  because uk is not a special , precious sunflower . 
  the deal was already too generous . 
  a german beer in an irish pub in ni *, 
  same here . 
  you 're us !, 
  the wife just went on tv and said she wants a divorce . 
  not my fault she 's irresponsible enough to forget about securing her apartment post-divorce , or not packing her clothes in advance . 
  the other half that shouted `` racists , uneducated bigots , idiots '' for over a year also deserve the blame . 
  the other half , the left-wing party that found a `` third way '' and distances itself from the people has its blame . 
  a pm that blackmailed his country , and put his personal interests ahead of his country 's unity , is also to blame . 
  the fuck . 
  do you want to leave the eu too ? 
  crying over uk wo n't work, 
  nope . 
  i 'd write it in german if that was the case , since pretty much everyone can understand it . 
  my boss said it in english ( and then he said it again in german - your full sentence ) . 
  why in english ? 
  we have a spanish girl with terrible german , and my boss wanted her to understand . 
  as a . . precaution . 
  that would cost too much money and achieve precisely money , as there is a pretty high % of unpredictable idiots in this continent , * apparently . 
  * we need the eu both economically & politically . 
  my gov has been soft for a long time , but if you think they 'll steer away from blackmailing & shouting to keep the union , you are wrong . 
  well ^ written article , but nothing new for all i can tell . 
  let 's see how this `` shared responsibility '' mess goes . 
  polan can into financial district !, 
  expensive as fuck ... 
  my gov has done enough shit already with our eastern neighbors , no need to add another ball of shit and consider its citizens privileged in regards to the uk . 
  it will be a shitshow for a month or so , but then we 'll end up with another gk and go back to work . 
  we 're too lazy to keep up this kind of british drama . 
  are n't we trying to sort out that with libya though ? 
  they want out . 
  that means they should stay the fuck out , and we should now focus on sorting out our problems with poland . 
  keep merkel out of this . 
  your country wanted this mess . 
  and you got it . 
  i think merkel despises juncker more than you do . 
  good . 
  very good . 
  both this , and sch\u00e4uble this morning were good . 
  i wanted uk to stay . 
  shit happens . 
  it 's tragic , but we ca n't stand around and cry . 
  we have shit to do , and it 's better to start working as fast as possible and get this done . 
  uk dragged us through years of half-heartness , months of insecurity and the worst night in modern eu history . 
  no need to let them drag us on for another five years of negotiation . 
  to quote my boss : may god be with brits on their way out , but just get the fuck out . 
  we should really fade your flairs . 
  oh shut up , just because you do things out of spite does n't mean everyone does . 
  keep my foreign ministry out of your misunderstanding . 
  it 's a jab , not a `` dangerous provocation '' . 
  i like it . 
  if the uk does n't like it , too bad , too late . 
  we only need the czechs in this german-english-irish club to get properly drunk, 
  kids , we 'll miss you dearly . 
  at the end of the day , this decision has economic consequences ... 
  but they are manageable . 
  however , this mess has left your country * anything * but `` united '' kingdom . 
  i am reading seeing tables on how people voted acc to region , urbanisation , level of education , profession and age . 
  five very scary tables for your future . 
  i genuinely hope you manage to rebuild your social trust . 
  this comment is too late , but as those who were here on the livethread until 5am tonight know , i was at work . 
  yeap , i am having a shower and going to bed . 
  guess we 'll talk again tomorrow afternoon . 
  i have to be at work tmrw at 9am . 
  yet i am here like an idiot . 
  and the worst part is , it 's not like this means we 'll discuss this at work and it will be an empty day . 
  i 'll have to work . 
  same here . 
  i have a ton of stuff to do tmrw but no . 
  us have become an eu member to replace uk ? 
  do n't you have aldi in uk ? 
  god , brexiters everywhere . 
  please get every american topic , pack it on a shiny pink box and keep it the fuck out of the most important moment in recent eu history . 
  lalalalalalalala dunno what you 're talking about, 
  if it ends up breaking your social trust , it 's not worth it, 
  300000 the .
