  at the end of the day , you have to stop people from reaching greece . 
  please explain how do we do that . 
   at the same time , we need to establish a strategy to deal with the source nations , morrocko is not a country from which you have to flee and we need to remind them quite harshly of that . 
  separate matter , we do n't need turkey to talk with morocco  we also need to stabilize the region . 
  we ca n't . 
   the number 1 source of instability is the shia sunni cold war as well as the israeli situation . 
  agree  establish kurdistan , they deserve their own state , they are models of behaviour and have sacrificed much in the struggle for peace . 
  yes , models of behavior here in germany , by committing around 80 % of honour killings in the last two decades despite being 1 % of the population . 
  progressives . 
  and outside forces establishing another state in the me ? 
  what could possibly go wrong . 
   i only did a quick translation since i have to go to bed and i only had like five minutes . 
  fellow german redditors , feel free to fill in what i 've left out . 
  a few days after the attacks in brussels , james r. clapper took a plane to germany . 
  the 75-year old is , for obama , the most important person in the war against international terrorism . 
  he is the intelligence coordinator of the us . 
  despite the snowden affair , europe & the us continue to cooperate because the threat of islamic terrorism is greater than ever . 
  that was the focus of his visit , and in the future information about islamists will be exchanged better . 
  there is a fear in europe than more attacks are to come . 
  that 's what pushed the german interior minister , thomas de maiziere , to sign an agreement in may , in washington , a secret agreement about a controlled exchange of information on islamists and their movements . 
  security authorities in germany had already received much information about terrorist suspects by the us , but not all records were analyzed or compared to databases according to `` welt am sonntag '' , and the legal base is lacking . 
  during his visit , de maiziere met homeland security secretary jeh johnson and discussed with students at georgetown university . 
  he also met with loretta lynch , justice minister , with whom he signed the secret agreement , `` memorandum of understanding '' . 
  data exchange is currently the magic word in the fight against terrorism . 
  it allows states to compare findings , and nowadays , knowledge is security . 
  this attitude is not new . 
  the exchange of information is `` the best way to prevent possible attacks in one of our countries , '' said de maiziere in washington . 
  two years ago , the first returnees from syria hit in europe : mehdi nemmouche shot four people at the jewish museum in brussels . 
  he had went through frankfurt airport . 
  he only appeared in one database that allowed the federal police to let him go . 
  ** dunno about our systems ' correct terms so i am not translating this one ** the question arises how data exchange in europe can be improved . 
  the members of the eu agreed last year to set up a police counterterrorism center in hague . 
  in addition , the counterterrorism group ( ctg ) had to wake up . 
  after 9/11 , there have been meetings between representatives of intelligence services of eu countries + switzerland + norway . 
  however , the operative unit was created only in june . 
  cooperation between them , the police & national intel services is still unclear . 
  the last months exposed cracks in the system : salah abdeslam moved around europe freely , was checked by the police hours after the paris attacks , and did n't appear on the sis search system , despite identified terrorist ties . 
  fbi informed netherlands about brothers ibrahim and khalid el bakraoui . 
  this was discovered after the attacks . 
  belgians were embarrassed - terms like `` incompetence '' and `` amateurish behavior '' were mentioned . 
  what was not mentioned : the german security authorities had received data from the us prior to the attacks . 
  in berlin , the german government investigated the failing of brussels post march 22nd . 
  they drew their conclusions and in a short time , adopted a new anti-terrorism package . 
  the federal office for the protection of the constitution and the federal intelligence service will provide conditions for more cooperation and data exchange with the country 's partners , with the focus being on france . 
  also , two days after brussels attacks a project group was created to prepare the confidential agreement with the us in rush time . 
  it is called `` dada '' . 
  it includes the development of processes for data exchange , analyzing technical and legal requirements . 
  tests will be carried out . 
  the aim is to prevent a mishap like in brussels . 
  information can be evaluated and transferred into the police databases . 
  the exact content of the agreement are not public . 
  in response to an inquiry from the green party , the government said that the bka had previously received data for 299 terror suspects the terrorist screening center ( fbi ) . 
  the number is relatively high , since germany has counted around 1100 violent islamists . 
  the amount of information provided by the us remains confidential , but one thing is clear : the data pool is gigantic . 
  in tsc , there are around one million names . 
  and russian actions have caused a grand total of how many deaths in eu outside of that plane tragedy ? 
  they chose to , they copied a model , whatever , but crediting europe for japanese development is * stupid *, 
  so , what 's your plan on replacing american bases , managing the refugees , fighting isis , etc ? 
  suspicion from whom ? 
  if you send a `` i need a gun '' sms to a friend , you think the french police will know about it ? 
  you think they 'll investigate the sms ? 
  it 's converted to dollars , we do n't use dollars for bank accounts, 
  if the bank owes 100 billion to the taxpayers , it * is * the taxpayers ' problem . 
  the fuck , the difference between us & china is much smaller than i used to think, 
  that means your country exports a shitload more stuff than it imports, 
  i do n't think i will ever vote for spd . 
  by voting exactly as berlin tells them to in literally everything bar immigration , and even immigration is debatable what a bunch of heroic resistants . 
  if they had put someone with a syrian high school diploma to manage db two decades ago , we wo n't have a derivative problem right now . 
   no as the elections were coming up . 
  well yes , but he was throwing racist remarks to tsipras , together with the lithuanians & finns . 
  those three were the big cheerleaders of `` let 's humiliate greece '' . 
   meanwhile fico is now `` big european '' who supports common asylum policy . 
  he does ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
  are you saying he was not a little obedient puppy in july 2015 ? 
  because my point was that he was a little obedient puppy in july 2015 , and in july 2016 he is a little obedient puppy who is against immigration . 
  how successful was it in sweden ? 
  around 30,000 i think ( from recognized refugees , do n't compare it to the 1,1 million as that does n't make sense ), 
  trusting more power to a government you do n't trust is stupid , neighbor . 
  not really . 
  some illegal guns were found in hamburg weeks ago , but it was connected to some drug gangs , and we 're talking about like five guns . 
  are you talking about this case ? 
  i know where armenia is more or less , but if i have a blank map i can not point it out because there are like 4 small countries in that region packed on each-other . 
  but nooo , apparently people here are much smarter and could draw armenia on their sleep . 
   i 'm surprised why co-operation was n't cut off because incirlik , and because nato member , and because it was the most stable country in the region , and because in the beginning certain western actors were actually happy about foreign fighters going to fight assad because reasons . 
  he wants to arm the men who took to the streets 2 nights ago . 
  i do n't care how much of a 2nd amendment fan one is , * that is dangerous *, 
  why bother to transport weapons through a bridge if you can just smuggle them in from the balkans ? 
  god , this is horrible . 
  wait , are you suggesting gabriel should sit down and red a `` macroeconomics 101 '' book before spewing bullshit ? 
  revolutionary . 
  why do we have such stupid politicians , why , why , why . 
  i was explaining why eu should not encourage the practice of buying your way into independence . 
  yes , in the last six months . 
  exactly one year ago , it was the slovakian minister who was yelling racist remarks at tsipras and asking for greece to be kicked out of the eurozone . 
  that 's just one issue ... there are many eu issues when they 've taken their cheerleading a little too far . 
  refugee crisis is the 1st case where v4 countries have sustainably agreed on sth . 
  maybe we should have just gave them one of our states since it was technically our fault millions of them were industrially killed . 
  brandenburg , anyone ? 
  no one would have died and today berlin would have an airport .
