  i have to agree on this . 
  `` usually '', 
  i believe you . 
  i also know that it 's not our fault that you have a ball-lacking-political-class . 
  educating people on `` politicians lie and invent shit '' is not an eu responsibility , esp . 
  when abovementioned people will not be eu members in the near future . 
  austerity has been a disaster for spain , i did n't say anything against that . 
  now please enlighten us with `` where did the spanish money go '' . 
  becase for some reason , it is n't your country that has a 20 % unemployment rate . 
  merkel is the single , least pro-russian chancellor we 'll have . 
  try to understand that before spewing bullshit . 
  i agree with you on the migrant crisis , that was terrible management . 
  i wo n't even attempt to answer your second paragraph . 
  if you 're trying to insult other countries , pick them better . 
  they will be polish camps anyway , so this way they can at least keep their mouths shut . 
  plus , syriza is doing a good job with how they 're implementing their austerity measures . 
  we 're also a sovereign country , we do n't even need a military and have the 4th biggest gdp in the world . 
  that does n't allow us to act like dicks , and that 's why we understand we have responsibilities towards the union . 
  same for france and italy . 
  not all of european countries are irrelevant you see . 
  why not the same deal for the three of us, 
  then maybe you should write your own treaty and convince our government to vote for it . 
  and we can find another german car , and another french tunnel . 
  johnson is delusional ? 
  who could have thought . 
  we 're not budging on that . 
  not while in the worst possible moment with our eastern friends . 
  democracy is n't a pm blackmailing his own people , but we just saw that . 
  i have a job for you !, 
  actually two jobs , we ca n't fill two positions !, 
  * goes to a corner & cries * * why was i born in the south , we ca n't find janitors let alone software engineers *, 
  cough , cough . 
  we can move the eu parliament wherever renzi wishes . 
  his apartment ? 
  sicily ? 
  berlusconi 's old palace ? 
  florence ? 
  you pick . 
  but it 's boring af . 
  it 's 150 people or sth . 
  i would n't worry . 
  well , you have * the * song to attract rich bankers , if you know what i mean . 
  it 's always been bland . 
  at least now you have more asian restaurants . 
  fine by me, 
  can we put it on thesalonikki ? 
  it was such a beautiful and relaxed city , athens was an ugly mess . 
  that 's what we teach our kids here nowadays buddy, 
  and why should we care about the non - $ trading ? 
  we 're not even trying to get those . 
  not my fault the entire continental media thinks merkel is some female version of voldemort who can fly without a broomstick and create multiple souls . 
  why do you think juppe wo n't win it ? 
  tbh , our far right are incompetent idiots who ca n't tie their own shoelaces . 
  le pen is evil , but she 's smart . 
  which is weird . 
  are n't renzi , hollande & valls buddy-buddies who go tanning together ? 
  that way no one will notice britain 's absence . 
  someone call renzi !, 
  we have a plan !, 
  because juncker is n't legally allowed to have such competencies , although he likes to pretend he can . 
  and the `` decision '' will be taken in the next meeting . 
  it 's literally in the article . 
  however , you ca n't expect uk to negotiate with bulgaria first , with all due respect . 
  yes , rutte should 've been called but who else ? 
  spain does n't even have a government . 
  the polish pm took three months to bother to visit berlin after 27 invitations . 
  then you should n't have voted for leave . 
  every brit had the option to vote for a remain . 
  they voted to leave . 
  semi-finals * fuck this shit i am out, 
  in exchange for losing the next match in the euros ? 
  we can move from brussels to rome for all i care . 
  is that the clip of his english ? 
  ( ca n't open it ) it 's really hilarious, 
  hollande has been a joke in pretty much everything . 
  if juppe does n't do his job better than hollande , * we have a problem *, 
  yes , you would n't have to obey environmentalist regulations for your own beaches . 
  my congratulations . 
  usually people who are educated do n't have problems with others because of ethnic reasons . 
  he 's also quite cute for the usual eu standards, 
  turks here seem to get along fine with jews . 
  it 's arabs that have the most problems . 
  their coverage was amazing . 
  the best elections coverage i 've seen in my lifetime of course they were sad for the result , they all have degrees . 
  of course . 
  and you get to pay a fee for that . 
  and accept all immigration . 
  and have to obey under all eu regulations . 
  and get no say in the whole thing . 
  hey , go ahead . 
  you could n't find the answer of `` what will happen if hitler is elected '' on google . 
  you could find those for brexit . 
  yet , #leave won . 
  so please enlighten us , where did the spanish money go ? 
  that would confirm the suspicion that uk is overrun by slavs, 
  you have always been friends with israel though . 
  and you thought we were bad . 
  like i said in this comment , i like his public persona . 
  like i say in another comment , he was convicted . 
  and btw , i think he was right to push those reforms , although he went too far and did n't do this properly .
