  it 's not a good feeling - the idea that there 's no risk is `` too good to be true '' - sooner or later , sth will explode and they will target symbols of our culture - stadiums ? 
  beer gardens ? 
  i feared for the weihnachtsmarkts , thankfully nothing happened on the other hand , i 'll be in munich for ny . 
  i 'll celebrate it around thousands and thousands of people and i have no reason to cancel my plans . 
  but ... stay safe people . 
  always , always look at the bright side, 
  while renzi may be shit as a pm , from an outsider 's point of view , he 's still less comical than berlusconi, 
  they uhm , get your job , preferably getting paid under the min wage ? 
  when you ca n't get a job because of immigration , what option will you check on paper ? 
  if they come , we get them . 
  simple as that . 
  because they are all coming here ? 
  it 's not like they 're going to estonia , so them having a problem with it is weird, 
  look at the bright side : some years ago you had berlusconi . 
  does that mean we should panic ? 
  who in hell would go and attack bulgaria ? 
  no offense, 
  look at the bright side , since the refugees reached 1 million , we stopped worrying about other stuff, 
   their birthrates can be twenty kids per mother for all i care , all twenty will go back home . 
  even if they do n't speak a word of arabic and have never seen syria , they will be forced back . 
  how will we deport them ? 
  because i fail to understand that , because i do n't understand how we did n't deport thousands of turks , serbs , etc. 
  who were supposed to be deported . 
  what boom economy ? 
  not really , do n't you have like 5 cousins who are on part-time unqualified jobs ? 
  because i do , and everyone i know does too . 
  merkel saved greece this summer . 
  it 's like people do n't bother to read about the deals, 
  you can technically try to educate your son to not drink alcohol , same way we were educated to not get drunk or do drugs stupid man, 
  you work inside a camp or with supplies/classes ? 
  shhhht , do not tell, 
  not at all , she 's one of the few european leaders i can see fighting and compromising for a better eu - but she is also more realist than schaeuble and would n't mention radical integration or a unified army, 
  formulated it in a wrong way i guess she 's not a `` romantic '' european , she 's a pragmatist that understands eu is the best deal for germany as a geopolitical factor and i think it 's quite obvious she was n't comfortable with having to lead when it came to crimea, 
  you can bet germany wo n't push for an interventionist eu army, 
  then maybe we should create a common army with the rest of europe ? 
  germany + italy + eastern europe , with france , britain , russia out of it . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  he 's a committed european on a principle level - for all his flaws , that 's one of the things we know for sure about him , which is not the case with merkel , hollande , etc. 
  i do n't care about stats but let 's be serious , are we even in the top 5 ? 
  and we have the resources and capability to have a great education system , and we definitely need to improve many things, 
  even starting a business ? 
  i helped a friend couple of years ago ( pharmacy ) and i swear , with all the paperwork , he was probably the most important factor in global warming ( granted , that 's highly regulated , but the friend had gone through the same thing in estonia and said it was fairly easier ) . 
  anyway , good to know we 're good, 
  oh cmon , you know it pretty well that if she decides to run , she 'll win again unless sth super-major happens ( several attacks , etc ) . 
  who the hell would run for spd anyway ? 
  that does n't mean people are happy with the mess we were gifted, 
  well , that 's true , but our administration is a mess . 
  whoever has worked here and in some other eu countries says that, 
  thanks for the compliment but honestly , our administration is a mess . 
  i am glad you like berlin, 
  yeah , let 's see how they do next year shall we ? 
   dealing with the town hall , documents , bureaucracy is a complete mindfuck yeap , that 's our little efficient country . 
  well , i hope you get to enjoy it , 
  not here , it saved us and we look ok so far . 
  do n't ask about what schaeuble says to southern people, 
  you 're a badass country, 
  you know our education system has problems and need more money and more investment and more teachers and a couple of reforms to harmonise it with other european systems right ? 
  it 's good enough - but it can definitely be better . 
  there 's no reason why we should n't have the best education system in europe , but we barely make top 5, 
  you are very correct . 
  which does n't mean that cdu has n't lost countless votes because of this crisis ( 1 . because of the `` no upper limit '' & 2 . because of the terrible mismanagement of epic proportions ) . 
  one of these votes are probably mine ( well , merkel 's vote - not a big cdu sympathiser ), 
   i even bought a small flat in berlin because of that i agree with the rest of your post , but why and how on hell did you buy a flat in berlin ? 
  may i ask why ? 
  i 've voted for her , but no , she 's not a hero and this mess is the single worst-managed * thing * in her decade of power . 
  they have wu in war-torn syria ? 
  they will sent money using owls , like in hp . 
  i am sure you 'll get a similar answer in the upcoming hours, 
  but can you elect a clown with a football club then ? 
  or a clown without a football club ? 
  are n't you under fog for like a month ? 
  just make sure you use an american vw for the lolz, 
  the whole northern europe is like boiling hot compared to a decade ago - oh , and winter comes much later too and pushes it 's way into fucking may - . -, 
  true :(, 
  they 're very reliable, 
  no they wo n't . 
  this is n't greece and its debt anymore , things are more crucial . 
  the ee wo n't bend over this . 
  i do n't know about croatia , but i do know that ** a lot ** are still arriving in our cities, 
  the refugee crisis came along then she invited a much bigger refugee crisis, 
  anything * but yeah , smart comeback . 
   csu can live through everything , but they definitely wo n't put up with a chancellor having extra-marital affairs , would they ? 
  again , i was talking about german standards . 
  you think that if there was another chancellor , bundeswehr would go to iraq ? 
  that we 'd get involved in lybia or syria ? 
  merkel is in no way anti-military on principle , she 's just doing what anyone would do in her position . 
  i think you remember the debate after the arms were sent to kurds ? 
  or how opposed the public opinion would be for an intervention in ukraine when the rest of the world was begging for it ? 
  if there 's was one thing we could always be sure of merkel before the refugee crisis , is that she 'd never do anyone that would cause her to lose votes . 
  not one million in six months, 
  plans to open borders and invite everyone in ? 
  while the glorious , heavily armed american army with fight isis . 
  and how much of those are german ? 
  nah thanks , i 'll stick with angela `` everyone from syria to pakistan is welcomed '' merkel, 
  merkel 's what ? 
  may i remind you that she called schr\u00f6der `` unloyal '' for not going with us to invade iraq . 
  the woman supported an iraq invasion and i am not joking . 
  not to mention rising the numbers of troops sent to afghanistan & arming the kurds . 
  plus , now her little ursula is in charge of these things . 
  for german standards , merkel * is * military .
