  concerning the fact that your cb and your gov allowed banks to sell bonds to uninformed citizens . 
  they are the single most trustworthy institution here , and they are very independent . 
  they can have an opinion on kanye 's new video for all i care . 
  you can not make frankfurt london 2.0 london had 350000 people working for the banking sector frankfurt has less than 700000 registered residents inside city borders, 
  wow . 
  but i agree . 
  thatcher could decide to invade france , and it still would make uk look less like a clown than right now . 
  i know ... 
  i am just saying you 're ready . 
  i am scared of the day that guy goes on tv while sober . 
  god knows what he 'll say . 
  there 's no reason why they 'll end up like 2010 greece . 
  one of the lowest debt rates in eu . 
  low unemployment , high growth . 
  pretty clean corruption-wise compared to other eastern countries . 
  its central bank is modelled after the bundesbank . 
  a very capitalized banking sector with decent profit margins , very reliable and conservative risk management . 
  a high saving rate . 
  they were n't touched by your chf mortgage stupidity . 
  they are truly ready ... readier than at least three current eurozone members . 
  but do n't people see like , what cars they 're driving & what products they 're buying ? 
  higher than in barcelona ? 
  i think the real problem in berlin is actually getting an apartment . 
  rents are not such a big issue if you 're a skilled worker, 
  it 's very effective to explain if their food is connected to it . 
  more difficult to brits who simply hear about big sums of finance money . 
  we make up almost your entire trade surplus . 
  we are your biggest trade partner - and trade between cr & poland ( 2nd place ) has a value of 1/4 of our trade . 
  2nd higest fdi , and all directly connected to production and employment . 
  if something happens & you leave , czech economy will fail massively , but we would also take a huge hit . 
  `` brownies taking our jerbs '', 
  that depends on where you live . 
  augsburg here : you can speak basic german & are not an idiot that will miss work ? 
  you can find a job . 
  i work , and i can find a part-time on saturdays pretty quickly if i have to . 
  and we are the worst performing district of the state . 
  once you go in the east , a high school dropout simply can not find a job , ever , and many people with high school are stuck in part-time jobs . 
  now we have a min wage , but two years ago it was even worse . 
  can you send them over here ? 
  because my brother who works in it is now an expert on spanish geography and universities . 
  or encourage their own people to come back home ? 
  ( please do n't do that , please ), 
  barcelona has quite high rents . 
  higher than , say , berlin, 
  oh so you want snow in may ? 
  disastrous floods in june when they started going to the beach in the south ? 
  although i have to add this : your guys , best guys . 
  i have yet to meet anyone who has had a problem with any of the newcomers from spain , and they have the lowest crime rates in the country . 
  and this girl is hot . 
  neither croatia nor slovenia looked cheap to me . 
  greece was \u00fcber-expensive , and i am talking supermarkets , not touristy stuff . 
  i was shocked . 
  do n't think so , considering that in 2008 they were running a budget surplus , and had an unemployment of around 12 % if i remember correctly which , while high , was not disastrous . 
  the spanish economy has been growing in the last 30 months , with last year 's growth at 3,5 % . 
  their unemployment rate is the lowest in five years ( ok , that is n't saying much ) . 
  their labour reforms were carried on well , their banking sector regained credibility , they have a trade surplus with good tech-based products , corruption indexes are down . 
  and the best thing is , economy is doing well while the country has been in political crisis for over six months . 
  not all is doom & gloom . 
  cunts do cuntish stuff . 
  labelling them nazis or post-communists does n't really change anything , and does n't help you understand the terrible mess that was the electoral campaign . 
  ( i am not saying fico is a cunt . 
  more like corbyn is a cunt ) . 
  the kind of skilled workers that have no perspective in their home country , i 'd guess . 
  how creative . 
  i suggest uk stops reporting immigrant murders too . 
  if they 're dead on british soil , who cares . 
  i asked what he should do about the banking sector , not his political career . 
  if you were pm , how would you solve it ? 
  we did not set up a plan for federal union . 
  you can find interviews from the last year from sch\u00e4uble , our biggest federalist , saying there are fields where member states should have more autonomy . 
  she is . 
  and she 's taken . 
  thank god , if i may add . 
  it 's good enough . 
  our economy has bigger problems than a simple number . 
  could you please check my edit & answer it ? 
  but uk will take a min of 2 years before they leave , and the health of the spanish economy should be much better then . 
  it does not matter , its a court decision , not a party decision . 
  plus , there are strict procedures on who can ask for election repeat . 
  when it 's as boring as down here . 
  another rerun of gop debates would be fun * to watch from far away *, 
  oh dear , for an aging society , you really are into young politicians . 
  thanks , quite informative trivia : you should not refer to germany as a high-growth economy . 
  we have only had 4 + % growth once in three decades or sth . 
  we expect below 2 % for the next five years . 
  we just have a strong base and a more decentralized economy which means we are better protected against economic explosions . 
  what do you think the gov should do ? 
  like ... ok , his precedessors have been cunts but renzi looks like he has at least some goodwill to change things , and he ca n't the past . 
  what should they do ? 
  one of the `` sacrifices '' ones make to ensure independent courts is accepting some weird & unlikable decisions . 
  the constitutional court is `` counterproductive bureaucracy '' ? 
  exactly the opposite . 
  if germany would want to impose this fta on all countries , they 'd fight tooth and nail to get it through eu institutions and let the rest suck it up . 
  by saying that we will veto the deal unless all countries are allowed to consult their parliaments , they are effectively granting power to nation states instead of keeping it for themselves . 
  any other question about the 4th reich ? 
  retraining them , i guess ? 
  and ofc they 're not in spain , your it guys are all here & an it girl is ten meters away from me as we speak . 
  austria has an independent court system that just decided that elections have to be repeated in order to ensure that this democratic process has credibility . 
  while i would rather see a puppy die than a repeat of these elections , i can understand why repeating them is important , and i trust austrian courts to take the right decisions regarding democratic processes . 
  `` support troops '',
