  regarding our responsibility , what do you want ? 
  boots on ground ? 
  that wo n't happen , period , although the chancellor refused to rule it out . 
  ( http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-4706417,00.html ), 
  do i look like merkel to you ? 
  i mean , yeah , i 've added some weight ... 
  and i look at ww2 and am like `` ok , we kind of fucked the entire continent and we do n't intend to do the same anytime soon and they wo n't dare to do it so what 's the whole fucking point of talking about it then ? '', 
  mostly because bibi is a cunt our history means our chancellor ca n't tell israel how to defend itself , but i see no issue with both recognizing the past and thinking that what your government is doing is incredibly evil , non-constructive and in the long run , against the security interests of the jewish state . 
  we manufacture a * lot * of stuff , and we 're pretty high on that list, 
  hey , if they genuinely want to help , great . 
  their help could save potential future lives in both germany & saudi arabia . 
  who cares what their motives for the help are ... if the prince decides to help investigations , they deserve a thank you . 
  because saudi-funded mosques started this whole thing ? 
  you want civil war in germany ? 
  because that 's how you get civil war in germany . 
  your intel services are pretty brilliant . 
  our guys always mention you as a model and as our greatest help, 
  now only if we had sun . 
  which was a very , very stupid thing to do . 
   why not in libya too ? 
  did n't libya get pissed of because of a french helicopter ? 
  mali * invited * french troops . 
  they asked for help . 
   in security circles , people are saying that `` turkey is an important and necessary partner '' while wondering `` in every specific case just how far the cooperation can go . '', 
  the building of a joint terrorism database , recently made possible by a new law , was n't in the cards before the coup and now it 's even less of a possibility , especially given that berlin and ankara have very different definitions of what constitutes a terrorist . 
   but erdogan does n't shy away from any attempt to get the german government 's support in his fight against the pkk , the militant pro-kurdish party . 
  in an apparent attempt to put pressure on berlin , he claimed that his authorities had transferred `` over 4,000 '' files about wanted terrorists to germany , but that they were ignored by the germans . 
   the responsible authorities have been trying to figure out what erdogan meant ever since . 
  in any case , a list with such a large number of suspects does n't seem to exist . 
  furthermore , the number of extradition requests by turkey has been manageable . 
  according to the federal office of justice , only 33 applicable requests have been received so far this year . 
  last year , there were a total of 65 requests . 
  in 14 of the 33 cases , the germans did move to extradite the suspect . 
  the majority , the office says , were accused of assault , theft , drug crimes or murder . 
  this is actually pretty interesting , i had n't heard that 4000 number, 
  i do n't think they genuinely want to help . 
  it 's posturing . 
  but hey , let 's listen to what they have to say . 
  as you can see from my comment , i was referring solely to their political views . 
  i know about spiegel and i read it too . 
  oh god , not this shit again, 
  although die gruene have some pretty respectable , rational figures too . 
  the fuck is a msm ? 
  why is n't it a compliment ? 
  you do n't expect spiegel journos to jump on a car in hamburg and drive to rural bavaria to interview people about a murder do you ? 
   saying it was isis without evidence is as unhelpful as saying it was mental illness without evidence . 
  they did n't say it was isis without evidence . 
  herrmann first said he a religious background was being investigated , and only called it an islamist attack after preliminary evidence was found . 
  however , to expect the police to have analyzed the deleted chat transcripts in arabic of someone an hour after the phone was retrieved is simply stupid . 
  even our police is not * that * efficient . 
   perhaps the media ( and authorities ) should not be announcing on day one that there is no religious motive and that they were a mentally ill lone wolf . 
  so when the bavarian interior minister goes on live tv merely hours after the attack happened and says it 's a terrorist attack with an islamist background , that 's not good enough for you ? 
  you want herrmann to come to your house and write a note on your backyard about it ? 
  his two announcements were not good enough ? 
  unless you 're implying the shooting in munich was religiously-inspired . 
  personally i feel like faz have been the most credible media in the last 12 months , but they 're conservative . 
  sz is left-wing , but their reporting has actually been quite good in the last months and esp . 
  regarding these attacks . 
  die welt is growing up a little ( they 're the serious arm of bild ) , and they 're quite on the right . 
  honestly , regarding local news , regional outlets tend to be the most reliable . 
   overrepresented in a lot of other crime types will as well such as theft and vandalism . 
  overrepresented compared to whom ? 
  the general rate , yes . 
  the foreigners ' rate , i am not sure . 
  again , if we check police reports on house robberies or car theft or whatever you find more arrests of lithuanians , ukrainians , bulgarians , romanians , etc. 
  than of arabs . 
  homicide rates are more difficult to analyze and also more difficult to track back to religious backgrounds outside of honor killings . 
  for example , that munich shooting means that muslims will be heavily represented in homicide rates for 2016 , but if we check 2015 or 2014 or 2013 or 2012 or whatever , you 'd see it 's not a trend . 
  or the fact that balkan criminals have an easier time acquiring guns from their home countries will increase their murder rate because they kill each-other , but that says nothing about orthodox people being more criminal in general . 
  so we have eastern europeans being theft experts , and arabs being sexual attack experts , and a heavily fractured drug scene that if becoming more north-african in hamburg , berlin or nrw ( albeit , more ee in frankfurt or bw ) . 
  and we have homicides that are kind of more different to analyze because you 'd have to separate them by type to arrive at a correct conclusion . 
  a wife killing her husband because he cheated on her could be german/turkish/polish / whatever . 
  the man who killed his employment agent last year in munich was ethnically german , but he as well could be turkish/polish/whatever . 
  you have to put crime passions separates by gender in one group , honor killings in another , foreign criminal gangs in one group , drunks killing each-other in one group , etc. 
  i 'd say the police representative had the right response : `` wait for facts to come out , we know nothing '' . 
  and i think the decision of the interior ministry to classify both attacks as terrorist attacks was also the right decision . 
  and i think that reporting on the fact that the ansbach guy had been admitted to a mental hospital was the right decision , because it was the explanation as to why he was still in germany . 
  you 're mixing three different attacks in one big pot & trying to push your own narrative . 
  so ... no dublin ? 
  that 's kind of hard because most countries do n't classify their citizens by religion . 
  also , different countries are in different situations . 
  of course more people are murdered in syria than in denmark . 
  almost all politically unstable countries right now are muslim-majority . 
  but then you get latin america countries & whole regression falls to pieces , and personally i do n't see how them being strictly catholic has helped them . 
  if we do that for eu though , and only for homicide , we definitely wo n't arrive at a conclusion most of people here would like since my country & yours have rock bottom homicide rates combined with high muslim populations , while , say , lithuania has high homicide rates combined with no muslims . 
  and while czech republic or estonia are pretty safe , my country and yours and denmark are also very , very safe , safer than , say , italy or greece now , if we pick one country and analyze crime happening in that country , we can arrive at different conclusions . 
  for example , if you check german police reports for one full month you 'd arrive at the conclusion that `` black hair , dark skin color , accented german '' is almost a requirement for all sexual assaults reported when they want to find the perpetrator , many arrested for sexual assaults are tunisian or moroccan or whatever , etc. 
  of course , even in that case it 's a little twisted because if , let 's say , i rape my girlfriend and she reports me and they arrest me , they do n't mention me in those reports . 
  since the vast majority of `` native '' assaults are committed by perpetrators the victim knows personally and thus are posted on the `` wanted '' column . 
  ( i have no intention to assault anyone , do n't report me ) or you can pick official stats for crimes and try to arrive at your own conclusion , but in some cases here for example you get muddled up because you might find that for certain crimes , it 's all lumped up on a german/non-german distinction , and the second group has everything from bulgarian roma to ukrainians to asylum-seekers . 
  oh ffs , keep this idiotic gun debate outside of r/europe, 
  uk has managed to keep itself safe through the last crazy 18 months . 
  if `` you no muslim bruv '' was their strategy , it fucking worked . 
  or you can calm the fuck down and wait for the investigations to arrive at their final conclusions ? 
  do you expect the federal prosecutor to shout about isis soldiers the second they identified the guy ? 
  a 17 year old not involved in the crime scene might not be able to steal a car though, 
  it 's not mainstream , it 's definitely well-positioned on the left wing of politics , liberal as fuck , pro-multikulti and the whole deal . 
  the only time they supported merkel in 11 years was after the `` wir schaffen das '', 
  oh , at least the man had integrated perfectly in german society . 
  jokes aside , i say it was because how would he get a car if he did n't have a driver 's license ?
