  i hope i do n't get downvoted to hell for saying this . 
  :( albania was a mess , traffic was horrible , but nature was breathtaking and people very helpful . 
  croatia was love . 
  \u00c7eski stronk -  n\u00eamci stronk , so i 'd love for you to catch up ^, 
  why ? 
  if he wants to go back home when the situation is better , a few years in germany and denmark would be a much better choice, 
  thank you for ignoring mittelstands , it is certainly very helpful when analyzing our economy, 
  every country is doing that . 
  france has many more kids doing stupid typing stuff . 
  check the graph - lowest rates are for countries that have a proper vocational training system and for / u/crnaruka : was n't there a post about a 2,5 % rise in real wages for 2015 here in this subreddit ? 
  yes , our wages are too low , but do n't make it more depressing than it is, 
  is n't that like , your problem and you should work to concentrate funds in that direction ? 
  and infrastructure is very important by the wat ( roads - not aquaparks ), 
  and wilshere 's health like fuck it , just leave already, 
  well , there are many things involved if we go that much into details . 
  then what about free childcare , schooling and universities ? 
  if the person leaves the country , that makes him a net loss . 
  random question : would it be illegal acc to eu law to have different % for the pension contribution depending on the number of kids ? 
  say , for the employee , 12 % for no kids , 8 % for one kid , 6 % for two kids , 4 % for 3 + kids ( random numbers ? 
  3 months are good ofcourse , it 's unhealthy to leave the baby before that . 
  but two years ? 
  or we just look on our left . 
  france has a below 2,1 birthrate , but who gives a fuck , it 's still an amazing birthrate . 
  if the whole europe would have the french birthrate , we 'd be absolutely fine ( add in controlled immigration , voila ! ), 
  free childcare for all working moms , tax breaks for every married couple with kids and allow women to get back faster at work if they choose to do so . 
  not this `` you 'll stay one year home because your body pumped out a kid , congrats '' . 
  and that 's for most of the continent - in some places ( to my gf : i am looking at you ) mentality is a problem , women would rather postpone having babies forever than leave them in childcare or with their grandmas and get back to work . 
  i have mentioned this another time in this subreddit , but i know a couple from albania living here , they had a baby and the mother worked under the table one month after giving birth , leaving the baby with his grandma . 
  her explanation was `` during communism , my mom was forced by the state to get back at work three months after giving birth to me and there was childcare , we 're used to it , everyone who finds a job in my country gets back to work as soon as possible '' . 
  it 's not a surprise that the birthrate in eastern germany is pretty high despite having close to no immigrants and lower wages . 
  that foreigner can pack his bags and go home . 
  no eu country lets its citizens to die and i am not claiming benefits in the uk, 
  congrats guys . 
  i honestly hope , with all my heart and wallet , that you vote to stay . 
  we need you to take a leading role in the eu . 
  thank you, 
  ze germans , taking your jerbs !!, 
  pepper spray is legal here . 
  it 's france , uk , denmark where they forbade it . 
  still , would you allow a 15 year old girl to bring a semi-automatic gun in school ? 
  african is code for north-africans . 
  when we get someone from ghana , it 's usually a student , not an illegal, 
  building an economy on false money does n't work either, 
  while that 's sick , i doubt sch\u00e4uble gives a fuck . 
  the man has steel for brain, 
  the world economy out of ammo ? 
  central bankers are running down their arsenal . 
  but other options exist to stimulate the economy feb 20th 2016 world stockmarkets are in bear territory . 
  gold , a haven in times of turmoil , has had its best start to a year in more than three decades . 
  the cost of insurance against bank default has surged . 
  talk of recession in america is rising , as is the implied probability that the federal reserve , which raised rates only in december , will be forced to take them back below zero . 
  one fear above all stalks the markets : that the rich world 's weapon against economic weakness no longer works . 
  ever since the crisis of 2007-08 , the task of stimulating demand has fallen to central bankers . 
  the apogee of their power came in 2012 , when mario draghi , boss of the european central bank ( ecb ) , said he would do `` whatever it takes '' to save the euro . 
  bond markets rallied and the sense of crisis receded . 
  but only temporarily . 
  despite central banks ' efforts , recoveries are still weak and inflation is low . 
  faith in monetary policy is wavering . 
  as often as they inspire confidence , central bankers sow fear . 
  negative interest rates in europe and japan make investors worry about bank earnings , sending share prices lower . 
  quantitative easing ( qe , the printing of money to buy bonds ) has led to a build-up of emerging-market debt that is now threatening to unwind . 
  for all the cheap money , the growth in bank credit has been dismal . 
  pay deals reflect expectations of endlessly low inflation , which favours that very outcome . 
  investors fret that the world economy is being drawn into another downturn , and that policymakers seeking to keep recession at bay have run out of ammunition . 
  bazooka boo-boo the good news is that more can be done to jolt economies from their low-growth , low-inflation torpor ( see briefing ) . 
  plenty of policies are left , and all can pack a punch . 
  the bad news is that central banks will need help from governments . 
  until now , central bankers have had to do the heavy lifting because politicians have been shamefully reluctant to share the burden . 
  at least some of them have failed to grasp the need to have fiscal and monetary policy operating in concert . 
  indeed , many governments actively worked against monetary stimulus by embracing austerity . 
  the time has come for politicians to join the fight alongside central bankers . 
  the most radical policy ideas fuse fiscal and monetary policy . 
  one such option is to finance public spending ( or tax cuts ) directly by printing money -- known as a `` helicopter drop '' . 
  unlike qe , a helicopter drop bypasses banks and financial markets , and puts freshly printed cash straight into people 's pockets . 
  the sheer recklessness of this would , in theory , encourage people to spend the windfall , not save it . 
  ( a marked change in central banks ' inflation targets would also help : see free exchange . ), 
  another set of ideas seek to influence wage - and price-setting by using a government-mandated incomes policy to pull economies from the quicksand . 
  the idea here is to generate across-the-board wage increases , perhaps by using tax incentives , to induce a wage-price spiral of the sort that , in the 1970s , policymakers struggled to escape . 
  all this involves risks . 
  a world of helicopter drops is anathema to many : monetary financing is prohibited by the treaties underpinning the euro , for example . 
  incomes policies are even more problematic , as they reduce flexibility and are hard to reverse . 
  but if the rich world ends up stuck in deflation , the time will come to contemplate extreme action , particularly in the most benighted economies , such as japan 's . 
  elsewhere , governments can make use of a less risky tool : fiscal policy . 
  too many countries with room to borrow more , notably germany , have held back . 
  such swabian frugality is deeply harmful . 
  borrowing has never been cheaper . 
  yields on more than $ 7 trillion of government bonds worldwide are now negative . 
  bond markets and ratings agencies will look more kindly on the increase in public debt if there are fresh and productive assets on the other side of the balance-sheet . 
  above all , such assets should involve infrastructure . 
  the case for locking in long-term funding to finance a multi-year programme to rebuild and improve tatty public roads and buildings has never been more powerful . 
  a fiscal boost would pack more of a punch if it was coupled with structural reforms that work with the grain of the stimulus . 
  european banks ' balance-sheets still need strengthening and , so long as questions swirl about their health , the banks will not lend freely . 
  write-downs of bad debts are one option , but it might be better to overhaul the rules so that governments can insist that banks either raise capital or have equity forced on them by regulators . 
  deregulation is another priority -- and no less potent for being familiar . 
  the council of economic advisors says that the share of america 's workforce covered by state-licensing laws has risen to 25 % , from 5 % in the 1950s . 
  much of this red tape is unnecessary . 
  zoning laws are a barrier to new infrastructure . 
  tax codes remain byzantine and stuffed with carve-outs that shelter the income of the better-off , who tend to save more . 
  it 's the politics , stupid the problem , then , is not that the world has run out of policy options . 
  politicians have known all along that they can make a difference , but they are weak and too quarrelsome to act .
