  their debt is around 2 billion euros . 
  a 50 % cut would be 1 billion euros . 
  that is the kind of amount you can raise by fining every german citizen twice for jaywalking in live traffic against a red light when kids are around . 
  and i am sure every german citizen has done it twice . 
  i say we give them the cut just for shit and giggles . 
  they 're in poland , rebranded as vws . 
   a calm , steady hand that guides the ship so nobody has to worry that 's exactly what the chancellor is supposed to do though . 
  the issue arises when 1,1 million enter the country in uncertain terms , and the steady hand is apparently holding a joint . 
  that 's their anthem ... the fuck ... oh god , jesus , the fuck is that . 
  all governments are stable here , stability is not what 's being discussed . 
  the problem with a grand coalition with spd is that they 'll push a bunch of idiotic ideas and waste everyone 's time . 
  for the last law regarding refugees they picked some things like healthcare for pregnancies or family reunifications for people from afghanistan and pushed for them for three months . 
  three months in which we got another 350,000 people . 
  if you ensure that people get away with blowing themselves up , * they will blow themselves up *, 
  estonia has 9,7 % debt-to-gdp . 
  dunno how much it is for romania or turkey , but definitely far more than that . 
  estonia is in the eurozone . 
  their economy is tiny , and 10 % of that means that a 50 % cut ( like what happened to greece ) would be perfectly coverable by germany alone . 
  turkey has a risk of spilling into civil war , romania has a risk of getting a stupid government . 
  no such risks for estonia . 
  and this part of the world tends to have good ratings . 
  we 've been on aaa since dinosaurs were still around . 
  same for denmark , netherlands , sweden . 
  czechs are also good at this i think . 
  you know we 'll never stop making fun of you for that . 
  we 've had depressing growth rates since forever , no one cares at this point , no one mentions it in public discussions , most of people do n't know it . 
  oh , i am no economics expert , i just had to take a 101 class of this stuff for a qualification . 
  but i know that their economy is doing well at the moment , their unemployment is low , their business climate is excellent , no red tape . 
  from what i can remember , their bust was because they had huge growth rates before it ( like 10 + % ) . 
  as for private debt , i am too lazy to research it fully but google has this link http://www.tradingeconomics.com/estonia/private-debt-to-gdp which puts it at 188 % , which is n't * that * high . 
  maybe someone who actually knows more about this can enlighten both of us ? 
  that 's fucking amazing , and it 's not like their economy is suffering from it, 
  oh you want merkel to govern spain and italy ? 
  do n't let us stand in your way . 
  well , they also want to get rid of the solidarity surcharge for example ( which is a stupidity in itself ) , which would give you a sweet bonus and it 's perfectly manageable on budget terms . 
  they 're against eurobonds , which would undermine currency stability , and against excessive red tape , which burdens our economy massively and takes a good chunks of my workday and no , i do n't work for a big corporation or a hotel chain , i work for a family-run business that has to present trucks full of paper for procedures that can be done online in the czech republic . 
  their pension plan is the most sensible of all parties , by encouraging flexibility & progressive retirement instead of extra surcharges for stay-at-home-moms which will fuck us in the future . 
  and on the social level , they are pro-gay-marriage and basically pro-do-whatever-the-fuck-you-want . 
  and i write this comment as someone who 's voted nothing but csu in his life . 
  expectations vs reality . 
  check albanian numbers : do you think their economy is 3x better than the french one ? 
  no , but if you 've been a mini-north-korea for four decades , you shut up and do what you can do italy has had weak growth for 15 years now , and structural problems before that . 
  but the euro was supposed to be * the * element that would make the french economy explode with competitiveness , and france the generous european mom to germany being the strict dad ... but yeah , it did n't exactly work out . 
  does n't romania have the highest growth rate , the biggest drop in unemployment and whatnot ? 
  and we finally outdo netherlands in something yayyy edit : wait , how can estonia have 9,7 % debt-to-gdp ratio ? 
  on the other hand , a commission accountable to literally no one because the ep is dysfunctional and as effective as five ducks trying to fly is such a great , democratic , useful structure . 
  it 's not merkel 's fault hollande has a 12 % approval rate . 
  it 's not her fault renzi sent a valid referendum down the drain . 
  it 's not her fault the spanish political class ca n't form a government for nine full months apparently . 
  it 's not her fault uk does n't even have a political class . 
  it 's not her fault beata ca n't tie her own shoes without asking for permission from the big boss . 
  it 's not her fault rutte ca n't tie his own shoes anyway . 
  ( and it 's not her fault i do n't even know who your pm is ) . 
  after watching her joke openly in electoral meetings about spanish and greek protesters caricaturing her as hitler , i really do n't think her approval rate in eu is what keeps her awake at night . 
  good thing they were in power for the last three years then . 
  we are kind of big you see . 
  and honestly , let 's hope they get back into the parliament . 
  they have some things wrong , but they have a more common sense approach to most things than the rest of parties . 
   what else would you call her economic policies ? 
  honestly , sometimes i ca n't even understand what her economic policies are . 
   austerity for greece against the will of the people ? 
  let me remind you that germany has been a giant pot of `` kick them out of eu '' for the last six years . 
  merkel managed greece pretty well regarding her public standing . 
   domestic economic lol wot . 
   refugees unless you are using her christian-dignity-argument for this one , i ca n't see how * opening * the border and saying 1 million people from a different culture is a good thing is a conservative policy . 
  she 's pushing conservative politics ? 
  other than gay marriage , care to point to another conservative policy of hers that she pushed against the will of the people ? 
  the problem is shouting about transparency did n't get bernie far , and neither will it get someone from the spd far . 
  you actually have to get things done . 
  i became a st.pauli fan for a day after they told bild to fuck off . 
  tl ; dr we are a weird country, 
  sek is on scene , not gsg9 or everyday police . 
  rightfully so . 
  if you were an unarmed police officer spending his time patrolling quiet neighborhoods and writing parking tickets , would you storm a building in which a possibly armed man , possibly mentally ill , possibly a terrorist , is staying ? 
  let 's wait and see what this turns up to be . 
  at least he told them to leave instead of taking hostages . 
  terrible nonetheless . 
  and rt tend to be quite good with german breaking news btw . 
  data privacy laws , lack of trust , countries like luxembourg profiting from it please keep in mind that we have no centralozed database on who enters schengen . 
  please keep in mind that if you leave germany , you have to actually notify the local office because they can not check out your name from the airport due to federal/state divisions . 
  and that 's just one of the things that ends up in additional paperwork due to that division . 
  we should really open a r/shitredditorssaidaboutmerkel, 
  the title is bad , the article is quite good . 
  bbc is a serious media . 
  the german government has a moral and political responsibility ( and that will always be the case ) to be staunchly pro-israel even in the situation when human , * christian * morality would prevent a random citizen like me from being pro-bibi, 
   german soldier 's boots in a jewish state is the last thing i want see , we found some common ground . 
   where in your speech before the knesset in 2008 , you declared that `` historical responsibility is part of my country 's raison d'\u00eatre . 
  for me as german chancellor , therefore , israel 's security will never be open to negotiation . '', 
  what does this mean on a practical level , and what will happen the day you stop serving as chancellor ? 
  `` israel 's security was and is a very important matter for every german chancellor -- and so it will be in the future , too . 
  my statement must be understood in a very comprehensive way . 
  it is frequently reduced to the military aspect , but it refers to an entirely fundamental commitment to israel 's security . 
  we are certainly not neutral . 
  i am working on instilling this recognition in the next generation of young people . 
  i am similarly working to make the future generation 's young people to be aware of it . '', 
  does your statement have a military component ? 
  it applies to israel 's security in general . 
  it can not be reduced to only one area -- but it 's impossible to skip any area . 
  yes , i disagree with some of your policies and that 's what i said . 
  but i ca n't understand why you equalled the chancellor 's public comments with my reddit comments .
