  i meant the number of new arrivals , not the total numbers . 
  i think the conservative part of cdu is more responsible than csu for that part . 
  everyone knows csu will run a bordering-on-xenophobic campaign , but the cdu has to unite and put aside their differences for the next 8 months instead of fighting over stupid citizenship sentences . 
  multi-speed europe is a good thing , i agree , and she 's mentioned it before . 
   ( i 'm not a fan of rrg either ) . 
  have a high five  the german people are quite okay with the german course in the refugee crisis especially since numbers of 2016 are down to perfectly manageable levels . 
  if we get the same numbers in 2017 as in our post-turkey agreement 2016 , we 're gon na be absolutely fine  they are not amenable to ultra-conservative or even far-right positions preach !, 
  merkel and the cdu might make a mistake if they should run a kind of `` germany first ! '', 
  campaign i do n't think merkel wants to go that route . 
  she fought tooth & nail ( according to der spiegel ) to remove , for example , the `` double citizenship '' line from the campaign document , and it 's an issue she was against even in 1999 ( when it was taboo to suggest double citizenship is n't high level treason )  if they do n't offer a new perspective for europe but what perspective ? 
   macron i 'm sure he 's a good guy , but i 'd rather have merkel/schultz/lindner / katrin/cem before i 'd vote for him . 
  but sure , a good guy and an effective communicator , and i 'm very happy if he wins in france , 
  no one will touch afd anytime soon , unless they want agenda 2010 to look like a tiny strand of hair being pulled . 
  it 's also numerically impossible i believe . 
  `` spd will unite with the naive green party & those damn communists of die linke and tax the shit out of you , decrease security spending , allow crime , blow up your money , destroy our financial credibility & push you into a multicultural society . 
  even if you have your problems with cdu , we simply can not allow this to happen and we have to defend our values . '', 
  if merkel loses , she 's going to her small house and caring for her vegetables . 
  she loves being chancellor , and for her it 'd be a disaster to lose the post ( esp . 
  since i do n't think she wanted to run for a fourth term in 2013 ), 
   eurobonds are a big one i 'm hoping for . 
  you might get your hopes down . 
  gabriel did n't step aside to let schulz lose these elections . 
   i 'd just like an official statement from him , voicing formal support for a two-state solution i think he has said that in the past , and it 's an official policy of our state he wo n't deviate from  he did deliver a somewhat ... controversial speech in the knesset , though . 
  controversial is a soft word . 
  merkel 's speech in the knesset was , in my humble opinion , when you take context in account , the best speech of her chancellorship . 
  it was awesome , and it was received incredibly well in israel . 
  schulz ' speech was `` ep wants me to tell you these stuff so i 'm gon na read from a paper while ignoring everything else '' . 
  it was * bad * . 
  the tone was wrong , the words were wrong , the structuring , he did n't bother to check his facts . 
  it 's perfectly fine to say those things in a public meeting in berlin ( & bibi can fuck off if he has a problem with that ) , but when the israel invites you to make a speech in german to their parliament , you should not write the speech during the flight there . 
  you should not make gaffes . 
  yes , i know r/gottkanzler will go nuts over this , but i 'd say they should calm down . 
  he 's actively campaigning while cdu & csu are still in `` let 's fuck over ourselves '' mood . 
  he 's a new , fresh face who talked about social justice & the evil people in glass buildings . 
  let 's wait for polls to calm down first . 
  what 's important is that he 's mainly getting votes from die gr\u00fcne & die linke until now , thus not significantly increasing the chances of a rrg coalition , thank god . 
  important notes a. 
  this is gon na be a good , intensive campaign , and schultz will have the opportunity to campaign more than merkel since he has nothing else to do while merkel might have to deal with her usual chancellery management , trump telling putin to eat ukraine for breakfast , brexit , maybe a le pen presidency , etc. 
  we have to understand every vote counts . 
  kids , this is n't 2009 or 2013 , this is 2005 all over . 
  every single vote counts . 
  get out to vote , and get your grandparents to vote too . 
  ( maybe not your 18-year old cousin * if you know what i mean * ) b. 
  very interesting to see how merkel builds her campaign & how influential will be the strobl/spahn/etc conservative wing in the final message . 
  i predict a `` globalisation is good for us and we have to fight for it , but we also have to protect the few who are damaged from it '' campaign c. how will schultz construct his asylum policy ? 
  i do n't think the `` criminals are being let to roam freely and that 's on merkel but my party is blocking deportations and all problematic states are spd-led and we get all immigrants ' votes so we have to speak for them and i love multiculturalism and i used to support turkey getting in the eu and i support double citizenship and we push for lower investment for the police and we 're a social-democratic party so we ca n't go full afd '' line will survive 8 months of campaigning . 
  d . he looks to be on the side of attacking agenda 2010 consequences , while not going full nuts & distancing himself from it ( although he technically can as he was not involved ) . 
  will be interesting e. how will cdu use the this-guy-has-no-idea-about-germany line ? 
  on one side , he 's essentially a brussels ' man . 
  on the other one , he 's quite relatable on a personal level . 
  f. will this be a campaign of disaster-looming , or of hope ? 
  merkel can push a `` the world is going nuts , you need me because i 've been here for 12 years because spd/die linke will try to eat you '' theme , or she can go for `` look how well i 've managed germany , do n't you want more of that ? '' . 
  schultz can go for `` we 've been doing really well , but we need some change to stay on top of our game and we need more social justice '' , or for `` if we let merkel one more term here she 'll appoint herself as queen and destroy the social system and bankers will use their bonuses for private jets '' ** g. it 's fucking amazing that in times of trump/hillary , brexit/may/corbyn , le pen/fillon battles , we get two top , very competent , very rational , perfectly sane , non-corrupt , respectable candidates **, 
  thanks  asylum & refugee policies i do n't think you 'll get much out of spd on that one . 
  they 're still in the `` merkel is the devil who invited criminals in but we will block all deportations because it looks good '' mood . 
   issues of the eu `` more democracy , more participation '' . 
  i think both will parrot the same line because , let 's be honest , we need another 26 countries to agree on that one , it 's not on our chancellor  eurozone well i would be very happy to see him mention eurobonds & have sch\u00e4uble start his `` spd is irresponsible & should n't be left anywhere near our coffers '' interviews  agenda 2010 as someone who thinks it was a necessary evil , i wo n't comment on this one , but i 've heard him mention the words `` social justice '' like seventy-five times already  israel & palestine honestly , there 's not much room to move there . 
  i 'd say he 's less pro-israel than merkel , but it 's not gon na be a revolution in this front . 
  we 're pro a two state solution , we will do all we can to ensure the security of the israeli state , and we are against settlements . 
  merkel or schulz , does n't really matter . 
  aha , i thought you were implying trump would call her a slut in a press conference or sth . 
  would n't be very surprising . 
  i get your point , she 'll be made to look like a duck if the us drop sanctions , esp . 
  if fillon/le pen wins in france & france drop out of sanctions too . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think schulz will run on an anti-sanction platform . 
  he might try to portray her as someone creating unnecessary conflicts with russia , but as a former ep president , he ca n't go full nuts & say `` we 're gon na marry putin now ! '', 
  ( before anyone kills me , i think merkel 's approach to russia has been fine & i 'm supportive of sanctions ), 
  i am a csu voter & * i * have not noticed any kind of cdu campaigning other than tauber with his stupid `` the left wants to eat you all '' press conferences . 
  schultz has been in the news 24/24 for a week , and touring the country for two months before that , and spd key members are actively campaigning as we speak of course , they have the time to do so . 
   unless trump humiliates her at the g20 , she 'll also shine in international affairs . 
  if trump starts insulting her , he 's basically gifting her a fourth term . 
  via twitter . 
  we do n't like it when someone insults us . 
  and we especially do n't like it when ** deplorables ** like trump insult us . 
  merkel 's popularity has never been higher than when posters of her with a hitler moustache were being waved in athens . 
  her highest approval rate ever ( 78 % ) was exactly after tsipras had the balls to do that stupid referendum . 
  her approval rate went up after nsa spying was revealed . 
  however , i agree , the g20 is gon na be the highlight of her campaign . 
  but just let 's pray nothing happens during it ... who the fucking fuck thought organizing such a meeting in fucking hamburg was a good idea ? 
  if you not lazy , care to list them ? 
  and merkel is chancellor and has a lot in her plate , she ca n't campaign intensively or for 8 months straight , and that will hurt her, 
  all tax levies are paid by both the consumer & the firm , in specific proportions , and those proportions depend on elasticity . 
  let 's pick a simple situation : milk . 
  the current price is 60 cents for liter . 
  cost of the seller is 40 cents , his profit is 20 cents . 
  let 's say the german government implements a 10 cent/liter tax . 
  scenarios : demand is completely inelastic ( supply is completely elastic ) : price goes up to 70 cent , profits remain 20 cent . 
  all tax is paid by the consumer demand is completely elastic ( supply is completely inelastic ) : price stays 60 cent , profits go down to 10 cent . 
  all tax is paid by the firm none of the extremes : price goes to 65 cent , profits go down to 15 cent . 
  taxes are shared 50/50 between consumer and firm . 
  so why do you think it 'll be the 2nd scenario ? 
  taxes can also be share 70/30 , 20/80 , etc . . you get the idea, 
   what you consider fringe in the us has seats in european parliaments . 
  what is considered `` too much '' by afd voters is currently in the oval office . 
  when we say right-wing or left-wing , we usually mean economy-wise , not social-liberal-progressive-wise . 
  omg he just called our current politics interesting, 
   paying for the wall could be as simple as levying a tariff on mexican goods until the value is adjusted , that 's soooo not how trade tariffs work . 
  do n't they teach any kind of economics in school nowadays ? 
   or taxing remittances home from mexican in the us . 
  then they 'll send them through another country , problem solved .
