  a little too loud and self-obsessed for my taste , but surely more liked than gabriel, 
  that would require him taking responsibility . 
  gabriel being unable to take * any * responsibility is like the reason this whole thread is bashing him . 
  he 's a sweetheart . 
  i am not an spd fan , but i want a respectable president , thankyouverymuch . 
  perfect . 
  our politicians reached a deal like grown-ups . 
  for a second i was fearing they 'd go full nuts again and bitch around this . 
  b. steinmeier is a nice guy . 
  i do n't agree with what he says , but he 's a respectable figure who i am sure will do a good job as president . 
  c. spd losing their best guy as a cabinet option will lose them some votes . 
  d . if schulz moves in a fm ( looks to be the case ) , it may turn into a fight between gabriel & him for the candidancy . 
  other lost votes , assuming gabriel runs at the end . 
  that 's a pretty polish thing to do . 
  the trumps and farages and putins and le pens of the world , 
  i do n't care if you like merkel or not , she 's the only grown-up left in the room, 
  but multiculturalism * has * failed . . 
  thing is , i ca n't say many would be willing to stand up, 
  i make nazi jokes the whole time . 
  i do n't go around in public doing salutes . 
  merkel came back from her vacations yesterday . 
  `` becomes '', 
  this is proportion of babies born to teen moms, 
  better than france , i 'll take it . 
  haha . 
  you really do n't like your presidents do you ? 
  ahem , all my favorite ice cream places are italian anyway , so i guess it 's fair . 
  licking her ear , ofc . 
  where 's the problem in that ? 
  we 'd like to remain the guys with the only grownup in the big room full of toddlers . 
  totally would n't mind watching this . 
  mods : it 's not local crime . 
  please stop this bullshit , some people today were stuck with bad internet and their best source would be reddit . 
  the police has n't declared that yet so why is it up to you to decide it ? 
  yeap , i really want to see de maiziere calling big olaf and telling him to hide the guy . 
  that will work out sooo well . 
  `` state '' media ? 
  she has said multiculturalism has failed in at least six occasions , from top of my head , and two of them are in 2017 . 
  i love munich with all.my heart and soul , but i absolutely hate it during oktoberfest . 
  god , how many drunk tourists . 
  last year 's was very nice though !, 
  state government = !, 
  federal government, 
  corruption as in , have i or anyone i know ever been asked to pay a bribe ? 
  as in a well-known automotive manager becomes merkel 's campaign manager and no.one bats an eye ? 
  oh yes . 
  hahahahahahaha . 
  source : am in bavaria . 
  the flags were distributed by her party , but had no place whatsoever on stage . 
  it 's a party win , not some liberation anniversary . 
  i 'd say last night was a bit more violent than usual 1 . 
  of may , not just a bigger scale . 
  oh god . 
  lost plenty of sleep over this even like almost a thousand kilometers away , ca n't imagine how being in there can feel . 
  i am sorry you guys had to go through this . 
  the decision to hold this in hamburg was extremely stupid . 
  but . . honestly , leftist hooligans had felt welcome in hamburg for a while , maybe this will change it . 
  i was in frankfurt on the first day of the new building , enjoying my coffee like five minutes away from ecb in a nice italian coffee bar with a beautiful garden and a hot waitress . 
  it was nothing like this . 
  you want violent riots in hamburg explained ? 
  let 's go back five decades . . 
  listen , we all knew it 'd turn into a warzone . 
  they have some thousands of militants already in the city , it 's not like protesting tourists flew to angola or sth . 
  how come g8 went so perfectly well then ? 
  we really are . 
  the decision to do this in hamburg is one of the stupidest decisions taken pre-2016 . 
  however , the antifa & the corresponding violent cunts have a base in hamburg and you have to come to terms with that . 
  heavily armed police just deployed to the streets , the police wants bystanders to leave the streets . 
  analyze evidence , understand relations between things , analyzing situations objectively and without emotion , noticing patterns ... 
  i am pretty sure being a self-made world leader sounds more attractive but hey . . 
  the euro crisis was the up-driver after 2012 . 
  her approval rate caught 77 % like a week after the deal with tsipras . 
  and we have n't had economic instability in a while . 
  but our citizenship law changed in 2014 , not 1963 ... 
  the legal change had nothing to do with any involvement of the turkish government . 
  there is literally one eu country with a single-payer system . 
  kohl was , with all his flaws , despite his flaws , and because of his flaws , a great , great man . 
  rip . 
  i think this is a clear win for schulz . 
  ursula , tauber , altmaier voted for it . 
  not many others from the top guys . 
  7 csu mps , mine did n't . 
  edit : spahn too , ofc . 
  hope the guy has a wedding soon and invites kauder . 
  she voted against since , ya know , she is opposed . 
  around 70, 
  the livestream was the worst ever congrats to fellow germans . 
  now starting to work . 
  random foreign dudes are covered by `` freedom of thought '' . 
  a random dude who happens to be an autocrat is n't . 
  omg this guy is nuts . 
  but . . they 're both in government . 
  absolutely the right decision . 
  if you act like a laughing stock , you 'll be treated as laughing stock . 
  source : am german . 
  my point was , it 's really stupid how reddit likes to portray all cdu voters as grumpy , uneducated , rich people from the south who go to church every sunday and hate everyone different from them . 
  we 're like a couple tens of millions . 
  can you please not put ' ' on `` coalition discipline '' ? 
  they signed a treaty . 
  merkel did n't want the vote now .
