  the only one borned abroad is podolski , and afd would never dare to mention him . 
  boa was born to a german mom , he probably never visited ghana . 
  he grew up just like any of us , the only difference is his skin color . 
  i second this it 's one thing to spew racist shit but messing with our n11 ? 
  now am i supposed to feel bad about forgetting a `` pole '' when thinking about the french nt ? 
  totally forgot about koscielny , sorry . 
  exactly * we * had a plan about grexit , despite knowing it perfectly that would not happen , but the british gov had no plans about their own brexit ? 
  db experimented too much in the past and took too long to restructure . 
  they risked too much , their past behavior is a general embarrassment at this point . 
  their derivative portfolio is huge ( around 55 trillions ) and their share prices are down 1/2 since last year . 
  their capitalization right now is around 19 billion euros which is way too low . 
  today was a good day for them , had a 4 % increase which is n't bad . 
  now , the issue is that the german economy is tied to this bank on a level unseen anywhere else in the developed world . 
  my private savings are in a small bank tied to db . 
  my company 's operations are through db , and so one and so forth . 
  so if they are in a crisis , they pull our economy down , which mean the entire eastern europe goes down , which means the world 's biggest economy - eu - goes down . 
  more like the entire globe + the moon, 
  sounds ok . 
  i am checking if faz has any analysis on the law , but they 're probably still on the `` we lost to france !!!!! '', 
  collective suicide watch, 
  oh they do n't care . 
  the `` die mannschaft '' shitshow is a marketing invention by dfb that pretty much everyone hates , we 've all tweeted against it without being called racists . 
  why should i be unhappy with transfers from bavaria to brandenburg ? 
  we are blessed to see how country reunified , there 's no need to fight over badly-needed help, 
  i am not a racist , but every time i see the french nt , i have a little , tiny `` everyone there is black '' thought, 
  schweinsteiger , h\u00f6wedes & neuer are as german as it gets you imbecile , and they 're at fault for the goals . 
  m\u00fcller was at fault for doing jack shit in two consecutive euros . 
  \u00d6zil was the best player on pitch we would have won it if gomez , khedira , g\u00fcndogan would be on pitch . 
  we would n't concede twice if boateng was on pitch . 
  fucking idiot , pick another match to spew your racist bullshit . 
  yeah , i wanted to do this at work but match discussions + preparing for the weekend meant i did n't have a spare minute . 
  i am on chrome on my phone and i ca n't turn it back on . 
  any idea how i can do it ? 
  her voters are against that , and those that do n't vote for her are also against that . 
  you know , we have states too ... and i am perfectly fine with our federal transfers . 
  but please explain why i should be happy with even more transfers for greece , portual , whatever ? 
  i do n't exactly trust their governments to tie their shoelaces together . 
  it 's a tiny bank in a tiny state . 
  we 'll manage , do n't worry . 
  vw poses a bigger risk than this . 
  and you can still like her & not want her to re-run , simply because you do n't want a 16-year-old chancellor, 
  hey do you care to explain the specifics of the third law ? 
  the year when she reached 78 % at some point , which is north korean ? 
  when you see the british shitshow , merkel looks like a calm grandma telling you it 's gon na be ok . plus , em, 
  ok , no fiscal transfers it is . 
  mismanagement is the problem . 
  not funding ( we spend a shitload of money on our military ) , not public opinion ( chants do n't get you tanks ), 
  wait would that mean 3,3 % of the country is naturalized post-birth . 
  not many of those here for example , only the below-23, 
  ahem , we dont have 12,6 % foreigners , i 's around 9 % . 
  thank god they 've gone through tough times , and that `` france is france '' comment was stupid, 
  we have n't won a lot . 
  two trophies since reunification . 
  that 's not `` a lot '' , that 's embarrassing, 
  from the bottom of my drunk heart : i am sad . 
  i will be sad . 
  but if there was one match i had to lose , it would be this one . 
  france you are a beautiful country filled with amazing people , and you 've gone through a lot lately . 
  i genuinely hope you win the whole thing & celebrate as one nation . 
  she is the boss . 
  steinmeier is a great fm , but ultimately it 's merkel 's decision . 
  within a law that was passed two hours ago ? 
  we 're not * that * efficient . 
  and we should do that because ... 
  they also have a divided society i 'd rather not have here , thankyouverymuch . 
  it 's not about our gdp as it is about social trust . 
  in both cases it would count with the old law too, 
   ride into the sunset there ai n't no sunshine when she 's gone . 
  and there ai n't no sun in the uk . 
  france has a huge algerian community , but they 've been there for decades & have passports . 
  while we have millions of turks , poles , arabs and whatever else withour passport , and they 're all in three cities . 
  please no frankfurt , our banking sector has to get its shit together before creating a bubble in frankfurt, 
  guys , yes , we know about mh17 but the man is probably * the * most competent eu official . 
  no need to bash him excessively & ignore his work against red tape . 
  timmermans english & french are pretty good , as in i 'd - think-he-is-a-native-good . 
  his german is n't bad either . 
  oh yes , limitless-derivatives . 
  let 's ... not get there . 
  i will have an invisible boner for a jamaica in the next 14 months ... but that wo n't happen . 
  oh , things like vw , benz & bmw ? 
  i do n't think cdu/csu + fdp will manage to get over 50 % . 
  not if afd manage to get in . 
  we 'll have another gk ... shit . 
  god bless you . 
  so , uk wins . 
  got it . 
  in-gur-land on penalties . 
  the german government maybe has to adapt some munich-like administrative speed as opposed to their berlin-like administrative speed . 
  as it stands , we 'll have more arrivals in june than in may ( talking solely about germany ) . 
  and i ca n't see how operation sophia can immediately turn into a turkey-like deal while the new libyan gov ca n't impose control over its coastline ( and we ca n't send soldiers ... right ? 
  right ? ), 
  plus , it 's not just libya . 
  what about tunisia ? 
  egypt ? 
  and what exactly was the nigerian pm trying to push last week in berlin ? 
  that 's because i ca n't put it back on in my phone :p, 
  accident while using reddit on my phone . 
  no , i have not moved to uk & applied for british citizenship . 
  so , dear neighbor , when is the deal due to take place ? 
  technically , she went after 12 hours to the police and told them the truth , so unless the guy raped someone in those 12 hours ...
