  tusk is also power-hungry , but he has two grams of brain and actually does his job , instead of delegating everything to timmermans and deciding to break every rule in the book because he does n't find them likable , and then deciding to declare that he , himself , unilaterally , took the decision that these rules are not valid anymore . 
  juncker talks way too much bullshit to be taken seriously . 
  did n't he also talk about savings being exempted from the deposit insurance in passau ? 
  did n't he also break the rules in not allowing penalties for spain & portugal to be recommended ? 
  did n't he talk about penalties for countries not accepting refugees ? 
  did n't he suggest polish troops should patrol the aegean ? 
  there 's a reason why he was n't allowed to get himself involved in the brexit debate - because he 's a pr disaster, 
  oh , we trust your government to protect us from those homophobic economic immigrants . 
  ( i mean , the ones from the middle east . 
  not the 2 + million poles ) . 
  i write this above , but in the middle ages , poland was actually * the * shining light of liberalism and multiculturalism . 
  now you can understand how backwards pis is . 
  they are even more backwards than their own five-centuries-ago version . 
  because they were n't even a state when the rest of us were a homophobic state . 
  in some latin american countries , homosexualism is still banned . 
  in some places ( jamaica comes to mind ) the juridical system is very lenient towards gay-related `` honour killings '' ( in the backwards , religious country that erdogan is turning turkey into , you 'd get life imprisonment without parole for that ) . 
  turkey for a long time albania too ( corrupt af & poor , but a very liberal & secular state ) . 
  do you even know your own history ? 
  in the middle ages , poland was a global shining example of liberal multiculturalism . 
  we were the close-minded , localist , backwards , religious , xenophobic people . 
  are you seriously bragging about being safer for homosexuals than saudi arabia ? 
  it 's this what they mean when they talk about being the heroic defenders of western civilization from homophobic middle easterners ? 
  oh , i did n't even mention a trump presidency . 
  that would be too scary , even for me . 
  france needed help, 
  conflict has been our everyday life our entire history . 
  same as some v4 territory . 
  exports : things that get out of the country grocery prices : prices about thing that stay in the country . 
  the euro has literally nothing to do with it . 
  we have a competitive market and the bigget chains have low profit margins . 
  if your country can do the same , my congrats . 
  the fuck has a depressed euro have to do with it . 
  how about the fact that we have arguably the most competitive grocery market of the continent ? 
  yes , i have read that study . 
  yes , i have talked about how polarized our society is becoming here in r/europe since mid-november . 
  no , i simply can not believe that 40 % number . 
  yes , i fully understand what you 're saying and i know the differences between the two . 
  i am just explaining the reasoning behind our ignorance . 
  i ... :( have a hug you brits . 
  stay or leave , your society should stay safe and stable and calm and strong . 
  because at the end of the day , that 's the only thing that matters on a national level . 
  not london stock exchange legal problems post-brexit . 
  not your nt getting kicked out of the euros . 
  not trade relations with russia . 
  if a society is broken , those are all unimportant . 
  we should not expect horrors anywhere . 
  i am tired of calling my colleague after every attack to ask him if his family in istanbul is fine . 
  actually , the famous capital of internet-ordering of illegal guns is not germany , it 's slovakia, 
  as someone opposed to both how the government handled the refugee crisis & visas for turks : that 40 % number would be simply unacceptably high . 
  however , that number is not true , or at least there are no reliable polls saying it . 
  i have yet to meet anyone who says no muslims should be allowed to center the country , and i have discussed trump 's statement with self-declared afd voters . 
  we ca n't keep up with all your ethnic groups . 
  it 's good enough that we can tell you apart from arabs . 
  sorry for putting everyone from the country in the same basket , but i see no reason why the state should bother to keep separate data for kurds . 
  bosniak serbians are not their own entity either . 
  hollande did n't show up because france changed their positions fifteen times . 
  remember , it was * their * banks that needed a bailout , then they decided to create those interunions between them & spain & italy for to make up for the political clout they lost due to 2004 memberstates so they started talking about reduction and solidarity . 
  it was ugly . 
  very , very ugly . 
  we will not sanction turkey . 
  our * society * has gone through enough shit lately to be burdened with that too . 
  of course they 're not `` true turks '' , they 're born here you and lived all their lives here and some of them are real sweethearts and effective representatives erdogan is an idiot . 
  they 're more progressive than their arab neighbors . 
  they 're still keen on honour killings . 
  we 've had a case just a month ago . 
  it 's not the secular , upper-middle class , educated , western turks i 'd have a problem with . 
  will i explode from happiness when they 'll come here ? 
  not really , but then , i do n't explode from happiness either when those brits with superior education and no religion come here , get drunk , break windows and jump on cars . 
  your ignorance is baffling . 
  turks are good guys . 
  no one is saying the opposite . 
  but do n't fucking tell me there wo n't be a spike in illegal immigration . 
  i know people who already have plans where to employ their cousins illegally , where to house them and all that, 
  they do not check criminal records at the border . 
  if they do n't do that for albanians and serbians , why would they ask for your criminal records ? 
  because it will allow illegal immigration . 
  we already get thousands and thousands of people from macedonia and albania and serbia and whatnot who come here and either work for three months illegally , or stay even beyond that , work illegally in their family businesses then get back home . 
  normally , i do n't mind . 
  i 've never reported any of these , because i understand how poor their countries can be and the state wo n't explode just because twenty guys are washing the dishes illegally . 
  however , giving this opportunity to 80 million people , many of whom oppressed & poor kurds , sounds risky , at least to my ears . 
  the other thing , on the other hand , is that it would be basically gifting a half-dictator . 
  if we 're not allowing it for belarusians because of their guy , why make erdogan stronger ? 
  were n't your guys the ones pushing for turkey in eu some years ago ? 
  at least my government never went * that * far . 
  because they are n't . 
  france is here . 
  hell , netherlands , denmark & poland are more important than them . 
  abd then there 's austria & switzerland . 
  no , it 's beautiful, 
  a fridge could do a better job . 
  bosch , preferably . 
  `` immigration background '' is a pretty shitty statistic though . 
  as my mom says , no one knows that the lady selling flowers across the street and talking in perfect bavarian accent is turkish . 
  everyone knows about the turkish drug dealer on the opposite side of the road . 
  if they do n't like it here , maybe they should find a place they like ? 
  there 's a reason why i do n't move to spain , although i am sure it 's a lovely country : because i would n't fit in . 
  and we 're talking about a country where my religion is the national religion , and a country that shares most of our values . 
  why would they move to poland ? 
  do n't get me wrong , poland is an amazing country with a strong economy and cool people and all that ... 
  but with all due respect , why would a north african move to warsaw if he can move to stockholm , berlin , frankfurt , vienna , paris , london , brussels , rome , madrid , kopenhagen , amsterdam , and whatever else .
