  the problem with talking to kim jong is that he wo n't reply . 
   those `` large number of turks '' amount to like 3 % of the vote . 
  and they do n't even vote in general . 
  and every single of them votes for spd or die gruene anyway , it 's not like one day one will decide to vote for the self-declared christian party . 
  there can be dialog with everyone bar literally lunatics . 
  there can be no dialog with hitler or isis or kim jong . 
  sure as hell we can sit down and talk with putin or erdogan or a future us president like trump . 
  oh god , stuttgart 21 . 
  it was horrible . 
  i was in ulm that day ( when the big violence happened ) , i was trembling . 
  it 's one thing to use excessive force while arresting a bunch of lw anarchists that are throwing molotov cocktails at you . 
  totally another thing to closely pepperspray people who are singing the anthem because `` they 're getting in the way '', 
  they kind of do their job in the south though . 
  if i got beaten up in berlin , i would n't care much if the police gave me candy or asked about my girlfriend when i reported it, 
  where did i say i `` ll vote for cdu ? 
  i did n't compare fed to ecb , i compared fed to the bundesbank . 
  of-fucking-course i do n't trust draghi . 
  but why should i vote for afd if they would be unable to solve the problem anyway ? 
  differences in interest rates are perfectly explainable though , and enforcing one-size-fits-all interest rates for the whole eu would be a disaster of epic proportions . 
  credibility & trust ? 
  no , it does not . 
  dunno how correct people 's doubts are , but it definitely lacks trust acc to polls . 
  hell , check every r/politics thread where they 're mentioned if you do n't want to get off reddit . 
  as for independence , you ca n't seriously compare the two . 
  the whole concept of an independent central bank was a bundesbank-baby-idea . 
  stable currency , serious & independent institutions , respectability , credibility , trust . 
  ecb is not the federal reserve , it 's built after the bundesbank , and for good reason . 
  yeap , someone explained the system to me . 
  what i am saying is that leaving the country without a government for one full year is the kind of shit that can send a party below 20 % here . 
  https://www.tagesschau.de/inland/deutschlandtrend-591.pdf it says he 's on 39 % . 
  lol nope . 
  in a situation like yours , the respective socialists that refuse to form a government would lose massive ground in the next elections . 
  i do n't use it normally, 
  and sweden is still democratic as fuck and no one died because the same party stayed in power . 
  let 's be honest though , our police has the time to do that . 
  berlin has a severely understaffed , underfunded police that has to deal with roaming drug gangs , the worst robbery rate of the country , a bunch of heavily segregated neighborhoods , left-wing regular riots , and taking care of government institutions . 
  ours is fully staffed , almost-over-funded and has to deal with pickpocketing , light mugging , and the occasional mass shooting . 
  we 've predicted a massive terror attack since 2006 , and everyone thought we were the next on line after charlie hebdo . 
  thank god , until now , it 's been a manageable issue . 
  there 's been an increase in robberies here too actually , but yeah , it 's much worse in other states . 
  i lived in munich for three years and i do n't think you can find a safer 1 million + city anywhere in europe . 
  and the police should get some credit for that ... 
  they 're as well-trained as it can get , they have a good presence and they 're approachable without falling into that `` coolness '' trap, 
  after 16 years ? 
  they will tackle problems ? 
  afd ? 
  how ? 
  me neither . 
  the only time they asked me was a month before the 2013 elections , and i was like of-fucking-course-i-am-voting-for-merkel-get-out-of-my-way . 
  my bad , i 'll see those now . 
  thanks . 
  you should compare it to her past ratings though . 
  different countries , different cultures . 
  hollande had a 12 % approval rate for months , and i do n't think we 've ever had any politician on 12 % . 
  maybe if one ate puppies on live tv , raped a cow , and insulted the football team . 
  * maybe *, 
  our 79 % is too low according to my perception , but maybe that 's because i live in the south . 
  i 'd guess people in , say , berlin or hamburg , bring the rate down . 
  still not that bad for a country with a police system as fractured as ours, 
  but / u/robiepax did n't kiss her hand . 
  dropping 12 percentage points in one month should be a record, 
  hollande does n't have his own plane either, 
  i live here . 
  we have significantly less problematic immigrants than ruhr . 
  and the newcomers from the south or poland come here solely to work , thus having higher employment rates on all genders . 
  i referred solely to those who were voted out . 
  and i totally forgot about erhard, 
  bloomberg is the one mixing two different polls, 
  she also has the decency to go to the hairdresser like a normal person with a bodyguard waiting outside , instead of travelling around with a superstar hairdresser on her plane . 
  the girl who travels with her abroad spends the rest of the time in her normal workplace . 
  since 2005 * and we 've had chancellors staying for 16 years ( kohl ) . 
  many think merkel will do the same . 
  and every single chancellor has been thrown out of office because he did sth outrageous ... none have been voted out simply because people got bored , like has happened in other european countries . 
  i think we are referring to different polls regarding merkel 's approval rate btw , 2009-2013 was a weird thing . 
  cdu lost every possible local election they could possibly lose during those years , and it 's nothing short of impressive of merkel to get those results in federal elections in 2013 . 
  not our little austria you bitch . 
  ruhr is very , cough , * multicultural * . 
  in the new states , women get back to work quickly after becoming moms . 
  that 's why they have 3x the number of kids in kindergarten for below 3 year olds , compared to western states ( per capita , ofc ), 
  the only party difference is fdp going 1 % down, 
  47 % is her lowest approval rate since 2006 i think, 
  honor killings can get life sentences here , esp . 
  in cases as gruesome as this one, 
  buses are a state matter . 
  in hessen/rp , no , but there should be one in ingolstadt, 
  no validation in frankfurt ( or hessen/rp in general ), 
  we had raf, 
  i meant bavaria, 
  check wikipedia , i 've used it when i had questions, 
  aaand finally my cute little state is mentioned for sth else than terrorism & oktoberfest . 
  cool . 
  they 'll finish 2016 on an annual loss , that was just quarterly profit, 
  her approval rate has dived massively , but 54 % is still higher than pretty much every other democratically-elected pm at the moment . 
  oh yes , the corrupted and incompetent bundle of fat with baby eyes, 
  maybe steinmeier asked bamf to work on this, 
  * secretly throws a dirty look to berlin *, 
  oh fuck off you idiotic cunt . 
  we hate you , but we definitely did not orchestrate this coup , we 're not that incompetent . 
  we profit a lot and we lose a lot from the eu . 
  i was not referring to the `` leadership role '' .
