  aaaand steinmeier had apparently uttered some weird words . 
  what conflict ? 
  we do n't even need those troops there anyway , it 's not like we 'll go to war with turkey over 200 soldiers on a symbolic mission . 
  and i ca n't open the faz link to save a life , dunno what 's wrong with it . 
  i trust them more on chancellery leaks , although spiegel has good sources in the foreign ministry, 
  i ca n't even understand wtf this is supposed to mean , like how did turkey even comen up with this stupid scheme ? 
  `` the bundestag decision does n't force the gov '' - it 's not your fucking job to be forced , it 's the bundestag 's job to recognize it or not . 
  the actions of the gov are not based on that resolution anyway because turkey is considered a partner regardless of what they did , so what will seibert come up with ? 
  anyway it 's a scandalous how the fuck did they come up with this, 
  i 'd honestly be very , very perplexed if she gets a private job after leaving office . 
  plus , why would she do that ? 
  she 's not about luxurious spending , and by being one of the highest-paid officials in the democratic world and not spending that , she has enough savings to live the rest of her live in a very comfortable way . 
  btw i have this donald on twitter & in the last days i 've learned the names of all european pms from his tweets about meetings & phonecalls . 
  the police reports has their ethnicity, 
  half of ukraine is n't russian soil , and we 'd block ukraine into nato anyway so . . 
  no , he should not look to uk at all . 
  he should look at his pm licking putin , his pm 's best friend kissing putin , to their neighbor 's pm hugging putin , to hungary & slovakia . 
  how did the cold war work out fine ? 
  maybe for you , surely not for us . 
  losing in this case means a leftist government . 
  current polls as cdu 33 % spd 22 % green party 13 % die linke 9 % afd 11 % fdp 6 % . 
  do your math . 
  and do n't expect to get a representative opinion from reddit . 
  r/de was a shitshow of constant merkel-bashing when she had 77 % approval rate . 
  right now , things are reversed , with german redditors being more pro-refugee than the general population . 
  my point exactly , it was not a genius plan . 
  i think the french logic behind it was `` d-mark stronk , now they big & stronk , but east weak , so no rich for some years and then $ comes ` round hon hon hon '' . 
  yes , we miss our currency but we adapted somehow . 
  sch\u00e4uble is loyal to cdu . 
  i think we can safely conclude that from the last 45 years . 
  openly fighting merkel undermines the party . 
  have a look at america . 
  german politics are a little complicated . 
  due to a combination of federalism , parliamentary segmentation , demographics , economy specifics , diversity , and eu standing , the chancellor has to be someone whom people trust . 
  a simply charismatic candidate wo n't cut it , he may get elected but will manage to do jackshit . 
  and the job itself is tasking enough that no one would risk much pursuing it and most good politicians keep it safe and try to keep their old positions and flirt slowly with the chancellery . 
  we 're praying for you . 
  but what keeps my hope is that you alreadt had a clown for pm , and somehow managed just fine . 
  a ) if you want to laugh your ass off about this thing , check videos from d-day meetings about the ukraine crisis . 
  there 's sth very funny about the winners of ww2 having their staff fight over who 'll talk to the german chancellor , * on d-day * b ) read `` chancellor forged in crisis '' , you can find it on pdf in english online . 
  it does n't cover ukraine or the refugee crisis , but it 's very well-written & detailed . 
  i do n't think we 'll ever get to see an autobiography, 
  the german , czech , danish , etc governments present unemployment figures that are higher than those calculated through internationak standards , which the us & eu institutions use . 
  that 's why there are two numbers from those countries, 
  the woman has had to deal with the refugee crisis , multiculturalism problems , an unpredictable putin , crimea , the euro crisis , fifty different greek pms , the rise of right-wing parties , being hated by half of the continent , cameron being a dick and eventually brexit , communication breakdowns with the us , having to buddy-buddy with china & india , the arab spring , a slow-growth economy , vw , db , bailouts , energy transition , high electricity prices , low labor participation of women , an unreliable israeli pm amid pressure to change position , germany being in the 20th century digitally speaking , growing child poverty rates , demographic change , healthcare reforms , pension reforms , implementing a minimum wage , federal financing , banking regulations , the 2011 shooting , nsu , terrorism in europe , the latest terror attacks in bavaria , a global crisis that hurt germany , and local losses for cdu in 2011 , 2012 and 2016 . 
  keeping that up for 20 years is supernatural , and she 's not supernatural . 
  they do the same in estonia no ? 
  at least that 's the case in poland , i doubt estonian driving schools are medical experts . 
  angela - sch\u00e4uble - siggy - frauke - seehofer . 
  i said the genius mind that had these two brilliant plans , did n't talk about merkel at all, 
  the eu was designed to minimize german influence . 
  the $ idea came up to make our economy less competitive post-reunification . 
  someone has to lose his job over these brilliant plans . 
  our main politicians are a potato , a grumpy cat , a fat burger , a bitch & a wannabe-priest . 
  why not on dec 18th like normal people ? 
  we have that both in school & driving school , and you still see girls going apeshit crazy for being stung by a bee, 
  yeah , no . 
  last time we did that was 70 + years ago . 
  google spiegel juppe , you 'll get a nice article, 
  dunno if you noticed , but us & japan are each a country , not a continent . 
  you can pay them , you ca n't buy them . 
  there are states like nrw where there already are countless open positions for grundschule . 
  but then , it 's nrw, 
  again , no one is saying merkel broke a law . 
  but she had a responsibility , and failed to do her job , simple as that . 
  or they move to germany & work illegally . 
  would n't be the first time . 
   in the german interview , she says ` we germans have ignored this problem for too long . 
  in 2004 and 2005 already , a lot of refugees arrived and we left it to spain and others at the external borders to deal with this issue . ', 
  in this case , we is her predecessor , schr\u00f6der , who was chancellor until late november 2005 . 
  she says the problem is here since 2004-5 , meaning under her nose , meaning her `` mistake '' . 
  the thing is , you ca n't buy new teachers with money, 
  but she did n't prevent it , which is the point we 're discussing here, 
   a ) why would they `` get in a fight with their neighbours '' ?? 
  `` back-stabbers ''  b ) syrians and afghanis are going via libya to cross the mediterranean . 
  not really , syrians & afghanis do n't make it in the top 10 nationalities of 2016 arrivals . 
  meaning , the maximum numbers of syrians/afghanis who are in italy right now is 4000 . http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/country.php?id=105 listen , i think the plan is great on paper , but there 's a reason why even the framework deals with nigeria , niger , mali , etc. 
  are not put in place yet, 
  a ) again , they have to agree to it , and by agreeing to it they 'll get in a huge fight with their neighbors , so i doubt they will b ) except it 's not a refugee route but an immigrant route , there 's no war in nigeria & mali & gambia . 
  the only refugees coming through libya are eritreans, 
   why do n't we finance a few large refugee camps , including schools , medical care , etc. 
  in tunisia ? 
  a ) tunisia has to agree to that b ) maghreb countries are n't in war  i mean , its nice what we are doing now , but it really does n't scale . 
  at all . 
  agree . 
  so , if the gov continues to be shy , it 's not like you 're starve , it 's just that you 'll grow less than your potential ? 
  poland has to protect external schengen borders . 
  if they can manage to do so without using violence , props to them . 
  no , i think you are slightly below us . 
  we 're both at 4,2 % when you round it up , but you are like 0,005 % below us . 
  to substitute in case you do n't have a warning triangle , of course . 
  that 's what you get when the police thinks they should act like germans . 
  same as here ? 
  we have more eu immigrants than uk, 
  if you not lazy , care to summarize what tax reforms are needed acc to experts ? 
  i do n't know much about your fiscal system . 
  it 's never nice to not be number one , but if i could pick one country to surpass us in charts , it would be you . 
  i do n't think public pressure can affect merkel at this point . 
  she might push for easing of deportations , but it 's simply stupid to think she 'll fully change course to appease to anyone . 
  she 's a flip flopper in general , not when things matter to her .
