  yes , god with them because they need him now . 
  wait let me check . 
  2017 germany : merkel w / some coalition partner france : le pen or fillon uk : tories spain : rajoy poland : pis netherlands : prob some giant coalition around rutte italy : renzi out ... the left needs a wakeup . 
  not even 4 hours , and we 're back to bad news . 
  now , god with you italy . 
  i hope you manage . 
  maybe there 's a problem with the left then ? 
  oh yes , all those tens of thousands of albanians are `` mass illegal immigration from the 3rd world '' wake up , it 's italy . 
  punks & hippies who want to `` live free '' with their dogs , politics , drugs , alcohol , mental illnesses sometimes ( in this case , not by choice ) . 
  my point being , they can technically get a place to stay if they want to , it 's just that a ) some do n't want to & b ) the social system does n't have the mean to reach out to those who just * ca n't * . 
  wait you might be into sth someone call merkel we got the next elections, 
  they 're homeless by choice, 
  fucking finally a good piece of news from world politics . 
  little brother . 
  the party structures ? 
  members who never want a primary like the rest of the democratic world ? 
  young people not voting enough ( albeit , more than in any other western democracy ) ? 
  merkel for politically killing her internal rivals ? 
  what in hell does the constitution have to do with it ? 
  our gg is completely fine . 
  we should n't blame it for the fucked-up structures of our parties . 
  dunno about berlin or nrw cities , but my nieces in offenbach take the train from frankfurt and then walk home on their own without a problem , although offenbach is as multicultural as it can possibly get & frankfurt has the highest crime rates in the country . 
  in a first world country , elementary school age kids should be safe to walk home . 
  i 'd understand the safety risks in huge cities as london or paris or ny , but i ca n't see why it should be a question elsewhere . 
  france ai n't uk mate . 
  they nice . 
  if you know what we mean , 
  ca n't you read ? 
  the central bank only deals with price stability . 
  end of the story . 
  if you want to stay in a currency union with us , that 's how it 'll be . 
  there 's one thing we wo n't compromise on , ever , and that 's the independence of the central bank . 
  except it does not . 
  the point of the unemployment rate number is not to tell you how many people need help ( would n't you count children & pensioners in that case ? ) . 
  it 's how many certain policies can help . 
  the definition makes perfect sense from a macroeconomic perspective , and has been used for at least a century and a half i think . 
  that 's also true for the entrepreneur ' numbers tho, 
  dunno if you noticed but every left-wing leader in the world is on low numbers ( albeit , not 4 % . 
  we have serial killers with higher approval rates ) . 
  other than canada - they still in honeymoon, 
  you 'll be fine , only like 20 % of your exports come here . 
  for some ( czech rep , romania ) it 's over 40 % . 
  if we go down , we 're taking half of the continent with us . 
  but if you 're not actively looking for a job , you legally and technically should not count . 
  so . . 12 , not 6 . 
  and ireland too i think . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  greece did n't go down the drain from one bad government , but from decades of mismanagement . 
  poland is a different beast . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  the entire southern europe changed governments in six months i think, 
  but that 's not a bad thing like you make it out to be . 
  two people working part-time & getting 800 euros is better than one person working full-time & getting 1600 , on both micro & macro terms . 
  micro - both individuals are working , socializing with their colleagues , networking for future opportunities ? 
  providing for themselves which is psychologically important , not letting their skills rot but developing them further macro - the state does n't take care of any of them , human capital does n't go down the drain , less incentives for crime, 
  can someone tl ; dr me on hungary ? 
  if their unemployment rate is that low , why is half of their country living in my building ? 
  it 's one thing to spy on your country 's secret service and organize terror attacks against your workplace , but wasting taxpayer money , * are you fucking kidding * ? 
  oh god , yes . 
  just send someone , anyone . 
  at this point i 'll start sending mass messages on facebook for apprentices . 
  the number of mini-jobs has more than halved right ? 
  can we focus on the screening process instead of whom he sleeps with ? 
  if you have a job , that is . 
  oh , that 's just perfect . 
  so polyvalent we even have spies of other countries in it !, 
  that just wo n't happen tho . 
  oh wait that happened next time it 'll be someone from the neo-nazi scene linked to people who kill other people for being turkish & rape 5-year old girls and ... oh wait that happened short of unicorns , i would n't be surprised of anything coming out of that fucked up institution . 
  i mean , god knows how many hitler wannabes are there . 
  ffs , our `` intel service '' is such a national embarrassment . 
  maybe he did n't tell his family ? 
  yeah , we had some incidents . 
  catholic region have below 1,3 birthrates , the north has higher birthrates . 
  and that shady austrian company , * if you know what i mean *, 
  maybe it depends on the state ? 
  i had to fill my own form so i could write whatever i wanted . 
  the problem is , i got the feeling it 'll be the same countries going under next recession , not netherlands . 
  thanks, 
  8000 people killed in 36 hours is `` overblowing it '' ? 
  it 's freiburg ffs , if you manage to find hungry students in freiburg i 'll drive to there & feed him myself, 
  it 's not necessary . 
  it 's a field that asks for your religion right next to the single/married box . 
  you can choose to leave it blank , or you can write your religion . 
  we have a church tax - refer to my other comment as i 'm on my phone so it 's complicated to get the link . 
  it 's relevant for the tax thingie , but it would be stupid to forbid people from declaring themselves as muslims or flying spaghettis . 
  so instead of checking out catholic/protestant/else , you just write the word yourself if you want to . 
  where did you find exclusion ? 
  people can also declare themselves as muslims to the state when they register . 
  my point was , they do n't have to pay if you do that . 
  if a district has 1 catholic , 0 protestants , and 1000 muslims , it 's a holiday . 
  because common sense . 
  technically , you 're supposed to write your religion when you register your address ( mainly for tax purposes ) . 
  you 're allowed to leave that field blank , which should explain why the % of the muslims is lower than thought . 
  on the other hand , no church tax for self-declared muslims as ... there 's no central mosque . 
  that could also play a role . 
  no , it 's on a federal state basis , but the main ones ( christmas + easter ) are celebrated everywhere . 
  smaller ones are celebrated in different states , or sometimes in different parts of the same state . 
  the main reason i 'm still registered as a church member , it 's my future kids & kindergartens . 
  good fucking luck getting back in the list in the south . 
  2,8 % is a little too low tho , even for me .
