  it 's regular rape . 
  i hope this makes it easier to understand . 
  ( ironically , this would mean that gays would be better protected than women if we had n't criminalized marital rape in the ' 90 , and there were a shitload of cdu mps who voted against it because `` it destroys families '' ), 
  if they are fucking the kids and the parents consent to it , it is n't a matter for the state either , unless parents neglect their kids or there 's proof that they 're coerced into it . 
  and that 's why we 'll need to change a couple of laws in order for the state to actually deal with the problem and for it to become `` a matter for the state '' edit : read the damn law before downvoting, 
  the cdu statement addresses exactly this - the fact that our sex laws , maybe the most liberal in the world , can actually work against the kids ' welfare in this case . 
  what you ( and maas ) are missing is that sex in these circumstances is n't allowed in cases of coercion , and forced marriages * are * coercion . 
  the problem does n't lie with 17 year olds marrying a 19 year old because of a baby . 
  the problem does n't lie with 15 year olds who are religiously married to 20 year olds and have regular sex with them ( well , that 's a problem but i ca n't see how it can be forbidden without messing everyone 's lives up ) . 
  the problem lies with male adults (  21 ) who live with young , < 16 girls , and declare themselves religiously married . 
  technically speaking , a 15 year old having sex with a 20 year old would n't be illegal , esp . 
  if their parents approve of it . 
  i think the police should intervene more forcefully when it comes to adults marrying kids , but what legal basis is there to forbid kids from having sex with each-other ? 
  we can not legalize it , we can only decriminalize it . 
  and like i said , there are more urgent things than involving a 80 million-people country in a debate about marijuana during what 's the most divisive year since reunification . 
  if the state does n't enforce laws , * the laws wo n't enforce themselves * . 
  if you tolerate drug gangs , do n't expect people to stop selling them . 
  if you tolerate robberies , do n't expert people to stop robbing . 
  if you tolerate knife-fights in broad daylight , do n't expect people to stop fighting . 
  and i wo n't even mention nye assaults . 
  there 's a reason why there 's so much crime in nrw compared to everything south of it , and it 's not because we 're all good , polite , law-obedient puppies . 
  bouncer scene fighting and no one was shot . 
  not terrorism , but k\u00f6ln really has to get its shit together regarding crime , not a week goes by that they do n't make national news on some weird shit . 
  it 's been this way for nearly two years now . 
   1 no , they were simply unprepared . 
  you prepare for all scenarios . 
  we prepared for a grexit . 
   2 that 's just shitty trump logic ( `` insult them and it works '' ) that would make european governments hate may and think of her as a sly , lazy , indecisive , unprepared idiot who ca n't take responsibility about her own government . 
  and i say this as a may fan . 
  we have at least forty more urgent problems than fucking marijuana legalization , esp . 
  since in most of the big cities you can smoke it openly anywhere . 
  allowing people to keep both passports post-23 is * wrong * , no matter how you see it . 
  i agree with minors on double citizenships but i strongly disagree for adults , even incl eu citizens, 
  til . 
  good luck then . 
  how did you manage to get through the fifteen trucks of paperwork needed for qualifications & whatnot here btw ? 
  yes , my friends bring the original thing . 
   they would say wie gehts and similar things in german i ran into people chanting `` deutschland \u00fcber alles '' ( euro 2012 , the match against netherlands ) , german flags and rammstein in background . 
  it was odd . 
  it was weird . 
  the part ... ok , i do n't remember the name but basically from syntagma square you walked straight towards the hill and there were narrow streets and white buildings and plenty of shops and restaurants ... that part was nice . 
  the ancient stuff was nice too . 
  however , most of the city was loud , unkempt ( understandable ) , dirty . 
  i stayed around omonioa ( wrong decision , i know ) and it felt so non-european ( i know that there was no real risk to my safety , it just felt bad ) . 
  drunkies , homeless people , stray dogs between my hotel & syntagma square . 
  we went out to drink and several places did n't accept us ( we were a mixed-gender , sober , ok-dressed group ) . 
  we walked and drove through residential neighborhoods too , and they also felt weird . 
  and it was just so boiling hot you basically had to enter a cafe every half an hour . 
  thessalonikki on the other hand felt much better . 
  the cafes and tavernas ( did i say it correctly ? ), 
  were so relaxed and peaceful , the two clubs we visited were nice ( great music , affordable drinks , approachable people ) . 
  the area along the seaside was nice to just sit down , drink and smoke ( albeit dark - why in hell was there no lighting ? ) . 
  there were plenty of closed shops and stuff , it was in 2012 so it was kinda obvious that the city was going through a rough time , but it was much cleaner than athens . 
  sth that i liked about greece is how little police presence was there compared to both italy and croatia . 
  i am used to a not-so-obvious police presence at home , and places like italy and france weird me out . 
  rakija is amazing , i have friends from the balkans that live here and i know it from them . 
  it gets me drunk quite easily , and i generally hold alcohol very well . 
  eyy . 
   i visited greece another time . 
  loved thessalonikki , hated athens and basically had to boil alive because it was freaking 42 or sth . 
  but ireland would n't spend 4 % of its gdp on their military anyway , why the heck would they do that ? 
  what 's their biggest risk , uk invading them ? 
  why would ireland , of all countries , spend a lot on defence ? 
  what would they do with that money ? 
  and what in hell does ecb have to do with this ? 
  printing money ai n't fun you know , and in this part of europe , we do n't really work like that . 
  greece wo n't get a free-pass and hundreds of billions of euros for what their governments did for decades simply because they buddy-buddied big boy america . 
  that 's * not * how it works . 
  if you want to cover their military expenditures + their pensions , feel free to do so , no one is stopping you . 
  and what is their navy doing again ? 
  escorting people to the north ? 
  no one knows what you might end up doing . 
  i was basically on work and on my own and did n't have time to explore much , i guess that 's the reason . 
  i went through croatia , bosnia , serbia , bulgaria , macedonia , albania and then to italy with a ship . 
  personally i did n't like the zone at all . 
  croatia is very nice , i was there again this year . 
  tirana was very lively , colorful , more like athens than like the rest of the balkans , albeit a mess of epic proportions and very crowded and no one knew how to drive . 
  but i did n't like anything else , it was simply drab . 
  sarajevo was * depressing * , skopje weirded me out with all the huge golden monuments and stuff along ugly commie blocks , the most interesting thing in sofia was a church , blagoevgrad had basically nothing . 
  when you drove between blagoevgrad and skopje , you drove through ghost , empty towns on both sides of the border . 
  i am talking villages upon villages with literally no one on the streets , closed shops , closed cafes , no clothes hanging from the windows , no cars parked , just some stray dogs and houses . 
  like i said , i was on my own so maybe that was a factor . 
  oh yes , and his famous doric palace along the river where he spent so many years plotting military strategies ( built in 2012 but nevermind ) . 
  but our laws concerning dual citizenship already are some of the strictest in europe . 
  i personally dislike some of the conditions under which it is granted for being too liberal ( i am referring solely to 2014 changes here , there was no reason whatsoever to allow dual citizenship for nearly all kids born here and it was the wrong move ) , but i do n't combine it with `` inequality '' or `` security '' . 
  if anything is unequal , it is allowing eu citizens to hold both passports and forbidding it for non-eu citizens . 
  for us , lithuania is germany, 
  make bayern franconian again ? 
  dunno , i guess i just spend so much time bashing that city that i forget about its relevance . 
  personally , if i could spend an hour anywhere in germany it would be around the cathedral in k\u00f6ln . 
  but then , i 'd understand why one would like to spend a full day in berlin . 
  my point was that people who want to visit germany tend to go directly to berlin . 
  it 's also a little too young for my taste . 
  but german also sounds awesome !, 
  italian grammar is harder than ours - everyone loves italian . 
  american tv people all have amazing teeth . 
  i was watching this thing where they asked people during the democrat convention , and * everyone * had amazing teeth ( i am talking young guys and girls who had come around as volunteers ) . 
  here , we can barely find a couple of ministers with white , straight teeth . 
  as for / u/lebor : summertime is not the best time to visit if you do n't want to boil alive . 
  very , very nice people though !,
