  i am not an eurosceptic at all - my job depends on the single market , among other things . 
  exactly , that 's the point . 
  we do n't buy ping ping tables . 
  because it 's getting boring to be a nanny while we have like a billion problems inside the country anyway . 
  and what did we get in return ? 
  honestly at some point it became a huge `` they hate us ` cuz they ai n't us '' , and i stopped caring . 
  hell , during the electoral campaign in 2013 merkel was openly joking about her hitler caricatures , and * it was actually funny *, 
  i ca n't think of any safer place to park one 's money , and neither can investors . 
  maybe swiss bunds ? 
  but hey , feel free to advise us . 
  government bonds have different rates in different countries . 
  hence , the 2011 crisis when four ez pms had to resign over high rates . 
  not `` also '' . 
  the sole reason for ecb existence . 
  the ecb is built after the bundesbank model . 
  the target is 0-2 % , but i was referring to long-term inflation, 
  we are keen on dropping below 2 % unemployment rate this year, 
   krakow is lovable, 
   just happens to be germanic  `` happens '', 
  gon na go soft this time . 
  please ? 
  when it comes to things like pension funds , a certain portion of funds have to be invested in secure stuff , and german government debt is as secure as it can possibly get . 
  where do you put your money ? 
  if you hide it in your house there 's a chance it will be stolen . 
  put it in a bank and the bank defaults . 
  invest it in gold and the price of gold goes down . 
  but if you put in german bonds , the statistical chance of not getting it back is so low that no one thinks about it . 
  even if rates go lower in the negative zone , there will be enough investors . 
  a ) it goes past ecb 's legal mandate ; b ) it erodes savings , and we have a lot of them ; c ) it hurts the insurance sector & the regional banks because they operate with safe investments ; d ) future inflation ; e ) we 'd never go into qe if we had kept the d-mark , because the bundesbank is actually a solid & serious institution, 
  because we efficient & rich & stuff, 
  you did n't do `` good '' , you did amazing . 
  friends who were there say the events were very well-organised , proper security and everything . 
  i was in warsaw for several matches 2012 & i can definitely say : polan can into big things, 
  same here can we make this a thing ? 
  * please * ? 
  they 're either german citizens or turkish citizens born here . 
  as for turkish citizens born in turkey who came here to study & then work , they 're the best . 
  better integrated than their compatriots , grateful , educated , hardworking . 
  they were not chained and sent here . 
  they were invited , yes , but they accepted that invitation, 
  haha , no . 
  these guys do n't identify as germans . 
  they 're turks . 
  they 're as turkish as erdogan . 
  actually , they 're worse because their bad behavior makes people doubt integrated german-turks too . 
  no , you do not . 
  we have 5x your population , but sth more than 5x your nobel laureates . 
  take that , west-germans . 
  in poland ? 
  i am strictly against the way our gov is managing this mess and pro-border , but if merkel turned up two days ago and said `` we close the door because of those two islamist attacks '' , it would be the single most stupid thing she 's ever done . 
  a country of 80 million is not supposed to reverse constitutional rights , the principle of inviolability of human dignity , the rule of law , international law , and a humane approach , in 30 seconds and because of two incompetent fools who could n't even carry a terrorist attack properly, 
  that thing in frankfurt was last night or tonight ? 
  who cares about who won the wc , i still get nightmares about the last minutes of our match . 
  did you just call me a leftist ? 
  my point was that you got away with that little days after that horrific match, 
  why ? 
  * checks south , checks east *, 
  we finally outdo netherlands in a chart . 
  now they started with football chants , so i can chang along from my couch . 
  edit : now it 's the anthem, 
  they 're not that thoughtful in general . 
  turning it upside down could even count as `` insulting the flag '' if the judge had some humor sense . 
  buthe 'd probably be german . 
  ever heard of little greece ? 
  and you got away with a 10 $ fine ? 
  god our police are lenient . 
  dubrovnik , hvar , tiny beaches between the two and some waterfall in the north . 
  my gf 's best friend is from dubrovnik so she 'll be our `` group guide '', 
  coming tonight . 
  he 's the state interior minister for lower saxony . 
  de maiziere is the federal interior minister . 
  i heard the push ntfc while i was shaving and could n't leave the bathroom . 
  my first thought was `` shit , another terrorist attack '' five minutes later , got my phone , checked it : `` schweinsteiger retiring from the nt '' never been happier for a retirement . 
  one of the perks of having a bloody history : no one can blame me for not remembering every city we 've invaded, 
  i am going to croatia on holiday for one week ( which explains my absence here too ) . 
  for god 's sake , do n't blow yourselves up during this week . 
  i have a push ntfc app but i 'd rather not read about shootings and bombings from the beach . 
  1,1 million is the number of arrivals . 
  not of asylum applications . 
  over a thousand in the last year ? 
  what ? 
  240 in france , 30 in belgium and a suicide bomber in germany ? 
  we do n't translate every foreign city , only german foreign cites . 
  i usually use polish names for polish cities because , well , i 've heard about them from poles . 
  do n't you shoot in weddings too , but no one panicks because they know it 's a tradition ? 
  proportions ? 
  every criminal case is dealed on its time . 
  this girl 's `` rape '' was being investigated , she turned up and said nthg happened . 
  now what do you want ? 
  tl ; dr monte de paschi is on -2,44 % , the other four ( popular , raiffeisen , two irish ) are on + but below the threshold . 
  d-bank on 7,8 % . 
  german banks collectively look pretty poor for northern standards , but within manageable, 
  he * will * start beating draghi with a stick one day, 
  grabing one 's butt is not rape with the old or the new law . 
  meh , more for me , i guess . 
  we tend to view criminals as individuals as opposed to crowds and `` demographics '' . 
  this individual did this thing wrong , end of the story . 
  i do n't think we 've put anyone in jail for such a thing in the last decade . 
  for one reason : it can make girls refrain from reporting them ( say , when they know they were drugged or sth ), 
  is n't our government publicly bashing ecb for what they 're doing anyway ?
