  i am too lazy to take pics of my day , plus it 's 8 hours of work . 
  14 it is then . 
  one of his cars is a 2004 honda though, 
  beauty treatment , my girlfriend did it to me ( no pun intended ) because she thought i have too many black spots . 
  she did this thing with the white part of the egg and honey and whatnot and it made my face softer . 
  she also gets these little packs from rossmann with a green-ish white-ish scrab , puts them on her face , waits for 20 minutes or something then washes it off, 
  yes , please !, 
  and never allowed to enter the country again, 
  the european nutella is a lot less sweet than the american one . 
  or adding spicy spices to spaghetti recipes that were not spicy two centuries ago when some old grandma in rural naples came up with the recipe . 
  details , details . 
  both he & his wife work - it 's pretty normal to have two cars if they need them . 
  maybe they live in a small town and need to travel to do some shopping , maybe their parents live away and they have to visit them . 
  maybe both need a car to get to work . 
  plus , his honda was a 2004 right ? 
  it 's not like they have the two newest bmws from 2015 . 
  it 's still weird , i dunno . 
  i do n't judge people from choosing to live in one , it 's just * weird * and `` people you trust '' , wot ? 
  i have entered one of these small villages and the owner was explaining who their neighbors were . 
  i really would n't trust people who earned the money to buy that house through drugs and prostitutes to look after my kid . 
  what 's next , gated apartment complexes ? 
  gated schools with huge walls and barbed wire on top of it ? 
  you can only enter a shopping mall after an id check and going through a metal detector ? 
  cages in public transport ? 
  for god 's sake , you only have one life , do n't live it in fear . 
  and it 's especially stupid when you consider how safe warsaw is . 
  i understand someone choosing to live in a gated community in london , but warsaw , seriously ? 
  it 's basically just a sign of social status and sth to brag about . 
  are you seriously saying `` bad kids '' in poland study and get good grades ? 
  warm ? 
  how much warmer will it get ? 
  you 've found perfection my friend . 
  more like more common-sense . 
  if you want to destroy your lungs ( hint : i used to ) , do it . 
  in another country , they use the word `` nanny-state '' for rules that protect people from their own actions . 
  what the fuck is wrong with beers sponsoring a team ? 
  paulaner sponsors fc bayern , what 's wrong with that ? 
  it 's a traditional company sponsoring a club they 've had a partnership with for the last 5 decades . 
  beer is not a dangerous chemical drug , probably every bayern fan over the age of 12 drinks it . 
  because they have to work , or study , or do shit in their own home ? 
  why would they all stay outside all the time ? 
  it 's a weekday , probably midday when everyone has sth to do . 
  what an enriching experience . 
  czechia ( let 's use the new word ) has a problem with unskilled immigration ? 
  and beautiful women, 
  you ca n't do much in the west ? 
  what ? 
  i 'd be freaking poor if i lived in switzerlan with my wage , but i do n't blame that on my company 's wage policy . 
  to answer your question : it 's mainly because their gov prints money to keep exports competitive since that 's what kept them afloat during the last decade and i do n't know where you are from , but `` is this fair ? '', 
  makes no sense as a question . 
  wages are decided by a compromise between demand & supply . 
  exactly . 
  this is like ny city centre or sth !, 
  oh , and visit * any * bulgarian town . 
  no cars . 
  no people . 
  closed shops . 
  no clothes hanging on window tiles . 
  just empty streets and two cats . 
  lol this is funny, 
  liberal czechs gon na do liberal shit, 
  i do n't live there , but it 's a nice place . 
  plus there are people , just not crowds . 
  around residential areas in your town , do you have crowds ? 
  why would you need more people and noises anyway ? 
  i lived in munich for some years and while having a coffee and watching people was fun for the first weeks , eventually the noise everytime i got out of work to get sth to buy ( i worked in a central zone ) got me . 
  tourists yelling , kids skating , people shouting to sell berries . 
  thank you , but no thank you, 
  wtf is going on in slovakia ? 
  last time i checked , they were doing a better job than hungary . 
  their exports are rising , their consumption and investments are rising , growth rate is nearing 4 % , housing loans are going through the roof ... 
  bavarian here , it 's the same shit . 
  i 've spent the last two years begging people i do n't know from other regions in germany to come here as we ca n't find qualified people . 
  ... they do n't have a social security system and everyone uses private hospitals problem solved !!, 
  is he a `` dictator '' though ? 
  he 's been in power for two years - the article is about politicians like gruevski and the montenegrin guy who have been in power since forever . 
  have a hug & all the best of luck to you & your neighbors . 
  we have one of the lowest unemployment rates because we sacrificed a lot for it a decade ago , not because it fell from the sky . 
  and the rest of the eurozone also depends on the german economy , and the rest of the eurozone also has sectors and people that are hit by low interest rates , and the rest of the eurozone has problems they should fix . 
  no , there is no need for him to be german . 
  as long as he does n't break the law about the ecb and do things that are beyond his mandate , his nationality is irrelevant . 
  but let 's get to the point of law-abiding first , shall we ? 
  why , because they 're poorer ? 
  let me get this straight : the greek economy warrants more understanding than 35 % of eurozone 's gdp ? 
  and that 's before you get to understand that when the greek economy has issues , greece suffers . 
  but if these interest rates will continue to drop , it wo n't be just germany , because a slowdown of our economy means less money for netherlands , czech republic , poland , slovakia , romania , hungary , austria ... 
  but sure , as long as draghi gets his way , who cares about germany , austria , netherlands and the whole eastern europe . 
  you 're acting as if germany is some country on another planet . 
  it 's actually 25 % of eurozone 's population and around 35 % of eurozone 's total gdp . 
  they did n't mention how much eu & us ambassadors threw their weight behind him to make sure he wins at the end it 's even worse, 
  i am checking for spain . 
  it 's fucking expensive . 
  you 're wrong . 
  no , you as an employee are not legally * allowed * to do that . 
  oh yes , boobs . 
  i seriously considered voting for you , but then i fell asleep . 
  weird you do n't get much votes from your immigrants . 
  serbia basically won the whole thing because of them . 
  if you choose to not become a truck driver and opt to become a taxi driver , you 'll get less . 
  how many women do you know who drive taxis ?
