  he 's from albania . 
  i do n't think there 's another country of earth that deals better with religion, 
  yes , and in the latest years , their abitur exams were held during ramadan . 
  again , i am sure someone from these countries will be happy to shed some more light, 
  uk can take care of itself , let 's not be stupid . 
  if they go down , half of eu goes down . 
  that 's like saying we 'll have to bail out the netherlands - wo n't happen, 
  general , national-level exams in muslim-majority countries like albania , kosovo and bosnia are scheduled during ramadan , sometimes just one day after eid ( most of the muslims celebrate it for three days ) . 
  same for parliamentary and local elections . 
  i am sure we have someone from one of those three countries here who can give more information about this, 
  our * borders, 
  yes , i know people do n't live in lakes . 
  however , germany is very , very densely populated , that 's why berlin is a giant mess now , while there is more livable free space in finland , cities are more spread out and all that . 
  a good chunk of the people that applied in hungary are already in germany . 
  that was exactly what i tried to explain . 
  austria has less than half of our population density . 
  finland has around 1/13 of around population density . 
  it 's not only about capita , it 's also about space - that 's why if you check state by state , the most fucked up city in germany for refugees is berlin . 
  and again , a portion of those in austria have moved to germany and keep in mind that your list misses the last three months , when around 570,000 ( correct me if i am wrong , but i know it 's around that number ) entered germany and it went full crisis mode . 
  it was in late october that things started breaking down here , in september we were absolutely fine . 
  if you use our interior ministry data , we have 1.1 million applications , which means the actual number is ** 13,580 ** per 1 million , which is higher than every other country by quite a margin . 
  trust me , we 're not complaining we nothing . 
  actually , we 're trying really hard not to complain , 
  i think same reason why the uk ended up with segregated cities and rotherham scandals : we fucked ourselves in the ass , did n't we ? 
  sweden is the worst hit . 
  we 're still managing somehow , but sweden is hit on an unmanageable level . 
  austria , finland , etc are doing fine . 
  the numbers for hungary are the exact reason why merkel started this huge mess : if she had intervened two days late , it would be chaos in hungary . 
  the problem is that instead of making sure it was a one-time decision ( `` we 're doing it to save face , but procedures have to be followed for the rest '' ) , with which i fully agreed ( we have a responsibility not to let neighboring countries slip into chaos and we have to keep it up ) , she continued with the craziest lunacy i 've seen of any chancellor in my life . 
  this is repulsive . 
  in the last two days , i 've been close to vomiting . 
  how in hell can this be allowed, 
  seal the borders and deport moroccans/tunisians where they are from , handcuffed if needed ? 
  i said we can not expect them to be everywhere at all times . 
  yes , the way they managed this is horrible , downright the biggest fuckup i can remember in recent years . 
  however , that does n't mean anything in the grand scheme of things because you can not add a million uneducated men to a country , lay off police officers and call it a genius move . 
  bild lying for controversial topics is the whole point of bild anyway , let 's see tomorrow . 
  the whole thing is baffling, 
  i honestly think small watchdog groups should be considered , that 's what i was discussing this evening with a neighbor . 
  at least whoever the perpetrators are , they know there 's someone around willing to kick their ass if anything bad happens and can contain themselves . 
  the police can not be everywhere , it 's unfair to ask them to be in seven places at one time esp . 
  with the massive underfunding but tbh , i expected more rage, 
  they lie all the time , about all kinds of stuff . 
  they also u-turned on this particular refugee matter three times already in four months . 
  it 's bild . 
  unless it i reporting about stuff happening inside the bayern dressing room , i tend to take their articles with a grain of salt . 
  and that 's why we need reliable info , info we are not getting because of this whole fog and blackout . 
  it 's crazy . 
  unbelievable, 
   creating effective procedures takes time oh yes , a de maiziere-lead operation where illegals are handcuffed and shipped back to their countries . 
  let 's not dream shall we  constant transfer mechanisms and what i am repeating is that there are no effective constant mechanisms , because countries refuse to take them , simple as that . 
  yes , on twitter, 
  bild.de is a tabloid, 
  i know we can get another 80.000 in 2016 , no doubt about that absolutely . 
  we can get half of the whole program and manage it well . 
  the problem is , i fear it will be another 800.000 + year, 
  let me explain : laws can not be enforced because we do n't have the measures to do so . 
  you have hundreds thousands of syrians and iraqis , then also moroccans , tunisians , afghans , pakistanis , etc ( not my invention , our ministry published those stats ) * mostly men * who are in germany and who will probably not get deported , because we do n't deport people en masse , simple as that . 
  if we could n't do it for bosnians , kosovars , etc or we have n't done so with africans that are already denied asylum - why makes you think these tunisians , moroccans , afghans , algerians and whatnot will get deported ? 
  once they are here , they can move freely ( yes , no benefits in other countries , but let 's not act like we do n't know about the black market ) . 
  hundreds of thousands of unvetted men moving around freely is n't a threat only for our safety , but it undermines the whole point of schengen - free borders and all the laws wo n't work because guess that , many countries would rather put back border checks than deal with influxes of mass men . 
  france wo n't take more than absolutely required ( how much in 2015 , 80.000 ) , sweden started checks too , in netherlands and denmark they 'll ignore . 
  what do you think will happen , the czech republic will say they take a million ? 
  nope . 
  maybe at one point , we 'll be able to distribute 160.000 , but 160.000 is an average month ( ~ 5000 per day , below what we got in october and november daily ) . 
  what happens to the other eleven months ? 
  i simply do not understand how you think it can work, 
  i am sorry , what program ? 
  please visit your local shelter . 
  it 's overfilled . 
  or go to berlin - it 's pure disaster up there . 
  i honestly do n't understand your point . 
  these numbers ca n't be sustained , period . 
  do you happen to know we have a million inside our densely populated country only for 2015 ? 
  shhhh , it 's supposed to be a secret plan !, 
  i know , and part of why the state budget is in bad shape is the current `` save , save '' mentality, 
  i know , i just fail to understand wtf are we doing in a time when borrowing money pays itself with inflation anyway , it 's practically a negative rate and our police stations and schools crumble, 
  it 's nuts our budget is fine for god 's sake . 
  i am not saying we should get new debt , but a surplus ? 
  1000 per day is 360 per year where on hell will we put 360,000 more people ? 
  on the moon ? 
  it 's a fucking surplus, 
  someone should really inform de maiziere he is the interior minister, 
  you 're making it look like 100 men were holding hands and circling women . 
  in that situation , i 'd run too . 
  but this is more like this : you are in a train station , you see two men groping a young woman obviously pleading for help . 
  how in hell can you stay without intervening ? 
  just push one of them and leave the girl run away , then run away too if you want and are not sure whether you can defend yourself . 
  if you 'd see this situation in a bar , you would intervene , why not in a station ? 
  you 're not alone , it 's a full station , they wo n't kill you for stopping them from stealing a cellphone, 
  link ? 
  we can absolutely afford it . 
  yet it wo n't be implemented for another decade, 
  they are definitely not carrying on terrorist attacks , their german is fine , they work , their kids are ok , they celebrate our holidays . 
  i think they 're fine, 
  also : for anything do n't hesitate to ask for help with german in this subreddit for that website . 
  just not me until 6pm because i am commuting to work, 
  brussels ? 
  i think wrong video , we 're talking about k\u00f6ln here, 
  personally , i have intervened when i have seen men bothering a girl and i know my friends would do the same .
