  i only know the `` scouser '' thing because , you know , stevie g & al that :(, 
  boring , boring german, 
   liverpool - liverpudlian not scouser ? 
  i have a friend who for almost a year worked in belgium ( genk , renewable energies ) and had to drive through netherlands to get there . 
  he lived in nrw and his job was less than 40 minutes away - and he `` visited '' three countries on a daily basis, 
  silicon valley right there in passau i tell you, 
  as a huge football fan and someone who has a certain dose of antipathy to bar\u00e7a & dutch football : he 's simply the greatest man in modern football . 
  pele , maradona , messi may be the greatest players ever , but cruijff is up there with beckenbauer - with the tactical innovations giving him the edge over beckenbauer . 
  rip . 
  i hope we get to see other men so commited to this beautiful sport in times of scary commercialization . 
  good for poland then, 
  62 * from which 54 came to germany , one probably died from the cold and the other seven will open a restaurant, 
  i read that . 
  i asked where they are from . 
   french speakers with links to north africa , france and belgium appear to be leading the units and are responsible for developing attack strategies in europe and that 's why german should be the official language . 
  btw , is there any information where they 're from ? 
  my tv says nthg, 
  we wo n't . 
  i never thought that is a possibility, 
  i read the title and i thought the belgian pm has blamed the attacks on germany or sth, 
  any rumors about our cute little augsburg , mr. 
  crystal ball ? 
  you know how per capita works right ? 
  france has a population of 60 mln , of which 5 million are muslims . 
  kosovo has a population of 2 million of which 1,9 million are muslims, 
  we 've had raf incidents , a couple of attacks against american soldiers and the munich hostages . 
  no major problems i think that for some reason , they 've decided to leave us in peace . 
   in syria they are famous for double tap attacks , ie there is one explosion then they wait till people trying to help the injured gather ( emergency personnel too ) and do another explosion . 
  they love to use that in iraq , not syria . 
  and they 've been using it for two decades, 
  there are also some ambassadors , fifty erasmus students , six syrian refugees and a russian couple with their puppy . 
  bosnia and albania are majorly muslim countries and france has less than 10 % muslim population , how in hell is it the same thing ? 
  of course . 
  my point still stands , they want to now about merkel 's broccoli, 
  do n't they already do it anyway ? 
  if they want to now when merkel asks her her husband to buy broccoli and toilet paper , they should know about these stuff too, 
  lockerbie is also a mess because we never really understood how the bomb ended up in that plane . 
  did someone break in ? 
  did they have inside help ? 
  or was it just lax security standards ? 
  did the person who the luggage belonged to had anything to do with it ? 
  which makes sense , still , it 's weird how brussels was singled out . 
  again , it 's bild so it does n't tell you much, 
  in that case , we would have to count frankfurt . 
  the stupid post guy who shot the american soldiers in 2011 was inspired by his religion . 
  and their wives , you bigot . 
  that will surely work perfectly . 
  nothing better and more practical than deporting 2 million german citizens , 3 millions french citizens , another 2-3 million citizens from other countries , including , mind you , some players in our national teams . 
  not like this can foster hatred or anything . 
  not like our border is porous or anything ( and do n't give me that `` wall '' argument - if it does n't work for the us , how will it work for our seas & border with russia ), 
  belgium has a foreign policy ? 
  nuke molenbeek , paris suburbs , marseille , tempelhof and half of london ? 
   has any eu bureaucrat ever gone out for a walk around their neighborhood and not seen anything wrong with the picture ? 
  two or three years ago , there was an article ( i think bild ) about late-night meetings in berlin & brussels . 
  according to them , when merkel went out to get some air or buy sth , she took one bodyguard in berlin and the full team in brussels . 
  it was one of those tabloidy stupid stuff that bild prints , but now i wonder if it 's actually true . 
  are you seriously blaming the bombing of a rock concert on psg ? 
  they gave up on the war by caving in though . 
  say you nuke syria . 
  then what ? 
  usa switches attention to south asia , mena blows up ... 
  i see a pattern here . 
  our cute eastern friends are still over there , and i am definitely not speaking about poland . 
  i mean , if he was staying home with a friend , how could anyone know he is in molenbeek ? 
  i am not saying no one did - i am just arguing that it is possible to stay hidden in * any * european city . 
   a weak person would never make it to the position of the chief of eu foreign policy . 
  mogherini 's appointment was one of the most scandalous things i 've seen in eu politics , and we 've seen quite a few, 
  again ... did you answer my question ? 
  does this mean today 's refugees will blow up airports after twenty years ? 
  so they wo n't do shit now , but after a generation they will ? 
  i find it disturbing when politicians show much emotion . 
  i would n't be happy if after a terrorist attack in berlin , merkel gets up and starts crying . 
  like wtf , do your fucking job . 
  if you want to cry , go to the bathroom . 
  when people need a political figure to rely on , you do n't cry . 
  they can attack the new airport for all i care - a cat and two rats will be killed , but i think it 's among the thing we as a society are willing to sacrifice, 
  no one knows . 
  we just pray it will continue to be so . 
  no german citizens killed on german soil in any point of history , yet . 
  now serious answer : `` prioritized '' are for countries that have done bad thing in the mena region . 
  germany has n't created much issues down there . 
  usa , uk , france all have a couple of historical issues . 
  turks in germany are a ) more secular & b ) they have a job . 
  while we talk about sky-high unemployment rates for turks all day long , it 's still half of the one in belgium or france . 
  harder to blow up an airport when you have a normal life less segregation - ghettos in frankfurt are bad , but nothing compared to the shady zones in paris , marseille , brussels or some english cities all in all ... we 've also had plenty of luck before terrorism becomes `` mainstream '' , there is no reason to attack germany . 
  once it becomes mainstream , we become a target . 
  what i am worried though , is that we are absolutely unprepared for it . 
  public gatherings , festivals , football matches with 0 security are much more common here than anywhere else . 
  there is considerably less surveillance , our police is absolutely unprepared and heavily underequipped , etc. 
  my cold-brain thought has been `` germany is next '' since charlie hebdo . 
  it remains so ... it feels long overdue . 
  how was not the previous attack also a failure of belgian intelligence services if it was organized in belgium ? 
  if weapons probably came from brussels ? 
  shit , it may be the first time ever i like the guys statements, 
  aaaaand it does n't make sense ahmed mohammad born and raised in paris becoming a radical terrorist is not an algerian problem , it 's a french problem . 
  how about your pms both shut up and start working on intelligence instead of shifting blame ? 
  the paris ringleader could be behind these brussels attacks . 
  the attacks on paris were organized in brussels . 
  we 're all a bunch of inter-connected countries , shifting blame does n't help anyone . 
  i think that is revenge still , they could have waited a couple of days before playing with irony,
