  i got lost and a guy who did n't speak more than five words in english decided to give up explaining and just accompanied me to my hotel which was like ten minutes away . 
  i had forgotten my * empty * sunglasses case in a small restaurant in izmir and the waiter ran after me down the street to give it to me . 
  in istanbul , i also got free drinks with my lunch when the waiter ( who also owned the restaurant ) heard me speak german . 
  i was like `` thanks ... 
  none of my friends have encountered any kind of xenophobia in the big cities . 
  fierce competition they have i tell you . 
  a local `` family '' farm treats their pigs horribly . 
  the poor things are fucking packed with no space to move . 
  merkel , ofc . 
  a friend of a friend in poland - he should be around 20 and he told me his teacher forced him to write with his right hand . 
  now he can write very well with both hands . 
  this story basically happened in 2000 . . not in the '60 ( when it was normal in germany too ) . 
  i 've been and stayed for months in eastern europe and only visited italy . 
  poland is cheap . 
  it 's crazily cheap . 
  i wo n't argue with that ( some things , electronics for example are slightly more expensive , but i have n't bought anything bar a charger there ) northern italy , rome , florence were more expensive than germany . 
  taxis were more expensive , supermarkets were * a lot * more expensive , drinking out was more expensive , even eating out was more expensive ( crazy , considering how high our eating out prices are in general ) . 
  and i 've lived in both a small town in germany & in munich , so i know the cost of living well . 
  france , belgium , netherlands , denmark are all more expensive , for practically everything . 
  rents are higher in spain than here ? 
  what ? 
  do n't they have like empty buildings lying around ? 
  rewe has good prices compared to the big british top 4 chains . 
  thats bcz your burgers are amazing . 
  i bought this burger in macedonia , it was literally five metres on the right of that arc de triomphe thingie in skopje for one euro ( 60 den ) and it was so huge and the meat was delicious , it had a lot of french fries and vegetables and stuff ... great thing . 
  aldi/lidl are sick-cheap and let 's be honest , that 's where a student or a young couple with a baby will shop for most of their things . 
  i 've found basic food prices in every country north of us , as well as italy & france high . 
  gas is more expensive in italy supermarket prices in milano were higher than in munich ( i visited milano when i was living in munich ) rent is really cheap in eastern germany, 
  because aggregate demand is on depressing levels due to an ageing society ? 
  those rules worked perfectly for our economy in the last 7 decades so i see no reason whatsoever why we should accept a change . 
  no , it 's their fault for forcing and blackmailing germany into a currency union . 
  that 's the issue though ... we ca n't force france and spain into becoming `` just as good '' . 
  we did try to do that , but it failed - source : every comment on this thread . 
  i am sorry , but for how long have we had huge trade surpluses ? 
  3,5 decades ? 
  the funny is , you know what changed ? 
  after the euro was implemented , we started importing a magnitude more from other european countries . 
  the idea is that if a german company wants to pay a higher wage , they can move things on the german side of the borders and just import workers from the cr if there are no enough germans to do the job . 
  then leave ? 
  greece could do that . 
  spain can do that . 
  portugal can do that . 
  * of course * they wo n't . 
  am i supposed to think about the greek unemployment when i vote ? 
  because usually i vote based on my own employment situation , and my employment situation in a non-specialized field has been excellent . 
  are you seriously saying germans will start buying seat and renault instead of domestic cars ? 
  like , could n't you pick a believable example ? 
  they will find other things to blame when that happens . 
  `` it 's the fault of netherlands allowing weed '' here we go, 
  what problems did the euro create for us in the short term ? 
  and probably no one will be sentenced , that 's not the point, 
  well , it 's natural to think that `` his own government '' should respect the country 's laws , wtf are you on ? 
  what are you saying , should we ask italy to prosecute him for breaking a german law in germany ? 
  read . 
  the . 
  article . 
   [ adressed at a german politician with turkish roots ] : '' \u00d6czan mutlu , you should be killed , you rat '' wait , wait . 
  i understand the first thing about the bulgarian shooting , but this on does n't fall under fall hate speech i think . 
  cool . 
  i am not even polish and i know you are wrong . 
  they live in poland for god 's sake . 
  * live * there . 
  oooo this picture always makes my heart melt . 
  niemcy for `` dumb '' btw, 
   speak the worst french ever . 
  ribery 's german is better than his french , i swear . 
   where the questions asks who would you like to have as a neighbour , typically is n't influenced by high-level politics i would n't be surprised if czechs did n't like the idea of having us for neighbor . 
   i doubt czechs would score this high if germans were asked the same question . 
  true . 
  my experience has been great though , i 've found czechs the easiest people to work with after the dutch . 
  if you can find stats from one year ago or sth please post them . 
  what do you mean you do n't trust bild and their covers ???? 
  ah now i understand . 
  i did n't think of the beer argument . 
  then it makes sense , frenchies drink wine . 
  more than us ? 
  we know they like you . 
  but france , seriously ? 
  oh yes , all those cheap , cheap bmws . 
  you 're making it sound like bangladesh . 
  or we can just accept the fact that our economy is strong enough that the rest of the continent has to invent new macroeconomic fallacies to cover its own huge structural problems . 
  we just did that , 2015 had the highest % in wages in 3 decades . 
  that did n't prevent the highest trade surplus in our history . 
  do n't be an idiot . 
  with all due respect , polish people have more urgent problems . 
  they vote for issues that affect them directly . 
  i also did n't agree with some things csu supported in 2013 , that does n't mean i should have voted for spd just to piss them off, 
  how ? 
  it 's pretty hard to find an eu product that is both better quality and cheaper . 
  we already import whatever we can from other eu countries . 
  should we start subsidizing prices for italian goods with our tax money to help their economy ? 
  if our economy goes down , the whole eu economy goes down . 
  these sadistic dreams of a strong southern economic union forcing germany & netherlands into humiliation are great fun to imagine , but not really applicable, 
  they like france more than us ? 
  good , good . 
  aaaand a pack of tempo . 
  you 're vastly overestimating swiss prices . 
  so we should stop exporting stuff ? 
  yes , but that 's basically because ee is practically a giant supplier of our industry at this point . 
  the $ was a parisian idea .
