  sneaky and slimy , seems to only be in politics and against the eu for his own ends . 
  he has done * very * well out of ukip . 
  `` real '' billiards is a crazy game that i will never understand . 
  pool is popular to play in pubs mainly due to space issues , it would be eight ball and we tend to have a different type of ball and table ( red and yellow balls ) . 
  everyone argues over the rules too - whether you can have two shots on the black , shooting back after you pot the white , winner stays on etc etc. 
  the main game is snooker in terms of `` proper '' pool / snooker halls . 
  it is widely shown on the tv and can attract millions of viewers . 
  snooker stars can earn millions . 
  it is mainly played in the uk , ireland and australia but is rising up in china and the far east . 
  you still see them , but i would say anything pre 1990 is quite uncommon . 
  mainly as they fail their yearly mot test and are only fit for the scrapheap . 
  i got some doughnut nectarines today . 
  they are very cheap and readily available in greengrocers right now but i have n't seen them around for a while , i wonder if there is a short season or some reason why there is a glut of them . 
  they seem harder and do stack more easily than normal peaches . 
  not a national park but i love the south west coast path . 
  it is a path that goes from minehead in somerset right round devon and cornwall and ends up in poole . 
  i have done sections of the north atlantic coast , it is beautiful http://www.cornwalls.co.uk/sites/default/files/photos/porthchapel-coastpath.jpg, 
  football , rugby and cricket are the main three as far as professional team sports goes . 
  in school we also played basketball and rounders / ( british ) baseball , girls played hockey and netball . 
  bacon sandwich on really squidgy white bread . 
  or a breakfast sarnie with bacon , egg and sausage . 
  cold sandwiches would be stuff like cheese & pickle , cheese and ham , roast beef & mustard . 
  the ultimate really is a chip butty . 
  i seem to recall whispers that it was a conspiracy too , because the rest of eurovision hates the uk . 
  english fluently ; enough for a basic conversation in french . 
  in school it was french or german depending on which half of the year you were in , plus welsh . 
  i was expecting a relaxed city with great food everywhere , nice walks by the river , beautiful buildings and parks ... 
  instead i found an expensive , hot , rude city full of people trying to scam us . 
  it would probably be looking to australia and nz . 
  then the us and canada . 
  probably a cup of tea , or maybe some heroin . 
  not crack though . 
  some of the more casual eating places are good - diners and coffee shops . 
  better than the greasy spoons we have here . 
  struggling to think of anything else , the scenery can be good in a lot of places ? 
  europeans ( brits anyway ) can actually get irony and sarcasm without having to put a special / s tag after a sentence . 
  there was always an anti-eu sentiment , vocal and small and often quite petty . 
  for example being annoyed about silly eu rules about the size of bananas , or certain things being banned ( the stories themselves often being misreported ) . 
  this all got tangled up in the immigration debate , people did n't like the fact that anyone could come here and work and we had no say in numerous things . 
  it was felt the eu became too big , too powerful and too expensive . 
  figures suggested we put in more than we got out . 
  it is obviously more complex than that , but it is what stuck . 
  the referendum was not expected to result in a victory for brexit , cameron was against it , it was more an attempt to keep the vocal anti-eu crowd quiet . 
  but it is hard to campaign for `` the eu is bloated and not that great , but let 's stay in as it might be a bit worse if we are out '' . 
  hard to tell really . 
  with freedom of movement in the eu there will be pockets of people of multiple nationalities settling here . 
  war has displaced a lot from the middle east , the old empire has brought over waves of people from the indian subcontinent , west africa , west indies , south africa , australia . 
  depends what is meant by diverse too , americans often count having neighbours who are black or latino as `` diverse '' even if they are american and have been living there for several generations . 
  i suppose it would also depend if german was a language people have a tie to from previous generations and know the odd word in or if they use it as a day-to-day language as their mother tongue . 
  overall i suspect the us is more diverse as it is larger . 
  the city centre was destroyed by nazi-germany so it 's now one of the most modern cities in europe . 
  interesting that as many of the places flattened by the germans ( coventry for example ) in the uk were rebuilt so cheaply and badly that they are a really bad example of a modern city . 
  we do it in the uk to an extent , except by `` europe '' we mean western mainland europe - france , spain , germany , italy etc. 
  it would n't normally be defined as broadly as including eastern europe . 
  so it might annoy the british , as we see ourselves as quite distinct . 
  but then so does every other country presumably . 
  in the uk we used to have grammar schools ( in some places they still exist ) where they only take kids who pass a specific test aged 11 . 
  otherwise everyone goes into the same high school , the first year is normally all with the same form group . 
  then it started to split off into tiers for pretty much everything except art , music , re & technology . 
  some were more split than others , pupils with serious issues in english and maths went into classes only with a handful of students with extra staff . 
  do you ever have a beer that is really sharp with a strong hoppy smell ? 
  just like that . 
  sunday roast in a pub is my perfect weekend treat . 
  good food ( often a massive plate for around a tenner ) and good beer . 
  all at lunchtime too , probably the only time i have something that is n't a snack or a sandwich at that time of day . 
  i always assumed this was partly how the american accent came about , a whole mishmash of european accents speaking english naturally sounds like that . 
  11-16 is a normal high school , the last two years of which you trim down your options to focus on 11 or so subjects to study for gcse exams ( previous known as o levels ) . 
  i managed to drop history for example , not sure if that was a good idea . 
  just getting two therefore would be pretty bad as i think an outright fail is getting lower than an f. most employers or colleges are interested in a-c grades . 
  going to one of the top boarding schools in the country and only getting two would be pretty unthinkable !, 
  between 16-18 you have the option to pick 3-4 a levels to focus on , which you then use to apply to university . 
  these are taken in the `` 6th form '' part of a high school or a local college . 
  and carrot cake !, 
  a lot of the seafood is underrated by the average brit , most ends up being sold abroad . 
  despite being an island nation there is this attitude of `` eurgh , fish ! '', 
  and only haddock and cod being eaten deep fried . 
  even then , finding a good fish & chip shop is n't that easy . 
  you would think one near the seafront in a fishing town would be good , but they probably buy it all in frozen !, 
  we can have odd obsessions in this country depending on whether we have a brit with a decent chance of a medal . 
  the rowing was big for several olympics , more recently it has been the indoor cycling . 
  tom daley in the diving too . 
  do you know this is a reference to the comedy show fawlty towers ? 
  not wearing backpacks on their front . 
  keep your valuables in a hidden travel belt if you want as you are basically advertising you are tourists , you potentially have stuff that is worth stealing * and * saying `` we think your city is n't safe '' . 
  all while looking like twats . 
  oh and do n't do that thing where you try and annoy the queen 's guards . 
  i have no idea where that comes from , they are allowed to move , and they have bayonets . 
  woke up , fell out of bed , dragged a comb across my head found my way downstairs and drank a cup , and looking up i noticed i was late . 
  found my coat and grabbed my hat made the bus in seconds flat found my way upstairs and had a smoke , somebody spoke and i went into a dream . 
  do we ? 
  i would n't say anyone really `` won '' , things were tense then it kind of fizzled out . 
  maybe the us won by default . 
  rain stopped play , or leaves on the line , or some other british analogy you wo n't get . 
  there are a lot of restaurants which do steaks / burgers / ribs / chicken wings etc but do n't explicity call themselves an american restaurant . 
  other than that there are chains like tgi fridays and various diners , often with a tacky 50s theme , or `` americana '' on display . 
  you ca n't go wrong with a burger , with bacon and cheese . 
  demonstration . 
  a march through a town centre usually , waving england flags and singing songs mocking muslims . 
  the far right is on the fringes , you used to see national front marches quite frequently in the 70s/80s . 
  now there are plastic idiots like edl who get outvoiced 5:1 at every demo and britain first who are laughably bad .
