  meat and vegetables often weighed in pounds if you buy it by weight . 
  not much of this is official , and probably dying out with each generation . 
  i think the only sole official use of imperial is miles on the roads and pints for beer . 
  otherwise you 'd have the option of either , and shops would have to have scales that use metric . 
  it is cheese curds i believe , something vaguely similar to the lumps in cottage cheese . 
  potentially quite difficult to get `` right '' unless you are actually there . 
  sounds great . 
  better than chips , cheese and gravy like i can get from my local kebab shop anyway . 
  it is seen as a bit of a joke here . 
  funny costumes , weird music . 
  i suppose we do n't normally hear very much music from the rest of europe . 
  a lot of complaints of neighbouring countries voting for each other so we do n't really care if we win or not . 
  that certainly helps , even within the uk to reinforce the feeling of national pride . 
  around 6 nations time especially . 
  it is welsh everywhere , even the signs on the road for bus stop or `` slow '' are translated as soon as you cross the border . 
  if there are a lot of welsh speakers it might come first though . 
  roadsigns in english and welsh in wales . 
  other than that you do get slight gimmicks like chinese signs in chinatown or in bengali around brick lane . 
  i do n't have much experience in scotland , but i believe there are only gaelic signs in certain areas where it is spoken rather than nationwide . 
  the uk or britain !, 
  interesting to see so many responses saying `` england '' for the whole country . 
  i would n't get into a debate with this person , it is a sensitive subject . 
  ireland and northern ireland are separate , but are both on the same island . 
  we all know what you mean . 
  i heard rosbifs came from the british being experts at roasting beef ( on a a spit , over a fire ) and were renowned in france for this skill . 
  rather than it necessarily being an insult . 
  this may be revisionism . 
  cornish died a few hundred years ago . 
  welsh is doing ok , as are the others you mentioned mainly as so much effort is going into preserving them . 
  ok so they are n't a sole language for anyone over the age of about 4 , but they are doing fine as a first and second language and interest is increasing in many cases . 
  they wo n't be allowed to simply die . 
  as they are is fine . 
  it is not so much the law , it is the culture i am happy with more than anything . 
  people do n't regularly want or feel they need guns unless they live on a farm or go shooting . 
  people are n't scared of armed invaders to their homes , or have some ideological feeling they need to be armed against their government , or a `` just in case '' they get attacked in the street by a gun . 
  i feel if this changed and guns were available , people would arm themselves for self defence , so more criminals would get guns , and the cycle would continue . 
  i have not had the opportunity , but i would find it interesting . 
  i read a post on / r/askanamerican where they asked if americans had visited or were interested in the `` original '' placenames like boston in lincolnshire for example , or even the island of jersey which somehow inspired a whole state . 
  i was surprised as very few were . 
  some were even quite disparaging , people went to america to seek a new life and were leaving behind the old country and making a better version of said place . 
  people drink it to excess , regularly . 
  no , although it is not like i would leap across a crowded room to help a kid up and give him a cuddle , the initial reaction is to go and help but assume the parents are somewhere nearby . 
  it is odd , i do n't really think about the english migrants to america , of which there were many . 
  i mainly think of the scots and irish as they seem to have kept their culture somewhat alive rather than it just becoming a generic `` american '' . 
  i know of several scottish members of my family who now live in canad , emigrated in the 50s . 
  only from pulp fiction . 
  they are quarter pounders with cheese here . 
  liverpool - petty thieves essex - loose women london - cheeky chappy cockney geezah manchester - spaced out , enjoys dance music . 
  wales - sheep shaggers scotland - tight , do n't eat vegetables birmingham - boring norfolk - have sex with their sisters, 
  peanut butter is quite popular in the uk . 
  america grows a lot of peanuts , they grow well there , they use it in a lot of things therefore . 
  this is not the case historically in europe . 
  same could be said for something like cranberries . 
  simple as that really . 
  it is a joke in this country , and we get an automatic bye to the final i think . 
  the most popular acts tend to be the weirdest or most camp ones . 
  we do n't send our best as it often kills the career of whoever goes on these days , plus the rest of europe hate us so we will probably come dead last . 
  sorry to point out the obvious but where does the black american community come from ? 
  people here do n't tend to equate turbans with muslims like they do in , say , the us . 
  they 'd be assumed to be british sikhs i suspect . 
  it simply is n't a thing here , budding footballers would play in academies from a young age in established clubs . 
  you get 16 year olds signing pro contracts and playing in the premier league . 
  the idea of a city going out and supporting their local university team is alien . 
  it grew up naturally in a large city rather than being purpose built in that case , some stadiums are really limited ( especially since the end of standing ) . 
  also there are a * lot * of stadiums . 
  manchester has two large football teams and many minor ones , a cricket ground etc. 
  it is only a matter of miles to liverpool who have two football teams etc etc - you get the idea . 
  it is more that in the us their college stadiums are abnormally large rather than elsewhere being unusually small . 
  from what i gather there is no sports outside college and professional - no equivalent of the championship or league 1 , 2 etc. 
  bit more of an event perhaps , every game is like a cup final . 
  edit - end of terracing could be the key . 
  there were some amazing attendances , but it was ended on safety concerns after the hillsborough disaster . 
  people can and do , but it is not easy . 
  people who appear to live lavish lifestyles ( as seen in tabloid newspapers ) is often more complex than them simply given money by the state , and it wo n't last ( especially if it is through having a lot of kids ) . 
  benefits sanctions are very real and lead to people relying on foodbanks . 
  only certain areas . 
  i am not sure if this is targetted specifically due to tooth problems or not . 
  some areas it is natural due to the mineral content of the water at source . 
  it is in such low concentrations you would n't taste anything . 
  ultimately roots back to a fusion of european folk traditions and african rhythms i suppose . 
  but born in america , yes . 
  it means france do n't have a complete crackpot as president . 
  he is not perfect , but it is better than the alternative . 
  there still needs to be a majority , and in the uk it is done by each separate constituency rather than directly electing the prime minister . 
  the election before last the conservatives went into a coalition with the liberal democrats as they had no majority , it could have swung in many different directions . 
  ultimately it comes down to labour / conservatives but it is n't necessarily straightforward . 
  another thing that makes it tricky is that urban areas tend to return their results first and they tend to favour labour . 
  but until all the votes come in and that magic majority of seats comes in , it is n't clear . 
  when i was a kid we learned the very basic separate letters like in your example ( that looks very basic ) , then joined up handwriting later . 
  now kids ( in my local school ) learn joined up letters from the beginning . 
  we do n't tend to use a line on the 7 because the number 1 is just a line . 
  wow , a clockwork orange must be tough going . 
  violent too . 
  we did grapes of wrath , a view from a bridge ( play ) , great expectations ( an excerpt ) , the tyger ( poem ) and a seamus heaney poem at gcse level . 
  i am sure more will come to me . 
  thinking about it , that is n't very much . 
  i seem to remember spending weeks analysing each of them to death . 
  so a couple of american ones in there . 
  i hate to think . 
  it is the kind of place you might get in a meal deal , or a few expensive cuts of meat or something specific .
