  i have also been to israel , visited bethlehem and jerusalem . 
  this was part of a holiday in cyprus , we took a boat across for a day and a night . 
  very arid , you could tell there was quite a divide too with poverty on one side and riches on the other . 
  weird seeing tanks out in the country . 
  people kept trying to sell us jewellry . 
  glad we did it , there is no way we would go now - i think it was just around the right time in terms of hostilities . 
  scots itself should be considered a language rather than a dialect of english . 
  it could be seen as half way between dutch and english in many cases , without the french influences, 
   wait so `` spring break `` esque behavior is not normal in other countries ? 
  i think it is a product of the official drinking age being 21 , but obviously people start younger . 
  so you end up with it being sneaky and hidden , with a lot of binge drinking to let loose . 
  you do n't seem to get normal pubs or bars - they are all dimly lit places for men to drink alone . 
  it depends entirely on the examples in question . 
  often countries can be quite different in terms of language , culture and history despite being very close . 
  other times they can be indistinguishable . 
  same goes for constituent countries or states / counties / provinces . 
  all signposts and car speedometers are in miles in the uk . 
  there is a `` dutch oven '' also , where you fart in bed and hold someone under the covers ... 
  i have only heard of dutch courage and double dutch in everyday language though . 
  we say `` and i 'm the queen of sheba ! '', 
  in a similar context . 
  i 've heard it called a glasgow shower . 
  which is about the same here . 
  considering this is a country legalising marijuana in many places , waiting for three years after you are a legal adult before being able to drink is a bit much . 
  i presume you can get guns before 21 !, 
  they are tough on drink driving here . 
  it is n't really an issue as cities are smaller and closer together , you just get a taxi or a night bus home , or have a designated driver . 
  it is also not like at age 21 people snap out of it and decide never to drink and drive . 
  it is a source of fascination really as 21 seems * really * old to start drinking , i 'd have thought it develops quite unhealthy relationships with it to be honest . 
  pizza bianco does n't have tomatoes . 
  the modern definition is tomato + cheese + other stuff , but considering its history goes back to the 10th century when there * were * no tomatoes in europe , you are quite incorrect !, 
  they would set it a lot higher if that was the intention . 
  most elections set a limit that has to be raised ( as a deposit ) to stop everyone doing it for a laugh . 
  you get it back if you attract a certain percentage of votes , if you ca n't raise 5k then you are unlikely to get more than a handful of votes . 
  i 'd go for anything local that is n't too dark or complex in flavour . 
  also get a 6 pack of whatever coors or bud people often drink . 
  that is enough to suit anyone and gives them an authentic experience either way . 
  italians like their wine , how about some good american wine too ? 
  no issues with that at an italian cookout . 
  i believe it is the spire of the st mary redcliffe church . 
  it may not seem like it because it is at river level . 
  the wills memorial building looks larger as it is at the top of a hill . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_mary_redcliffe#/media/file:st_mary_redcliffe_church.jpg built in 1442 apparently . 
  pretty good going that . 
  the accents you find refined and dignified you wo n't necessarily hear in every town and city , you are just more likely to hear them on tv . 
  i can pick out different american accents , there is a generic southern accent , a new yoik accent , a california drawl , a boston accent . 
  i suspect these can be broken down even further . 
  the problem with picking out accents is you need to hear enough of them and tie them into a specific place enough to know they are an accent rather than just the way a specific person speaks . 
  so there may well be a way people in , say , minnesota speak but i could n't tell you what that was . 
  in the uk there is a clear difference to us between manchester and liverpool accents , they are so close they are almost touching . 
  i am unsure if americans can hear the difference . 
  as for how american accents come across , they can be whiny and annoying at times ... 
  i would n't say unrefined , just different . 
  they pretty much all pronounce the rs in words whereas it is only the south west here that do really ( among others ) . 
  i have never met a country music fan in terms of the cheesy arena style of country . 
  alt-country or indie singer songwriter stuff yes , but that might be categorised differently . 
  the people going to such a tour could be from anywhere , likely the non-music fans who go and see an artist just because they are a name and they are playing in town . 
  it is the boasting and the claim they * are * irish/scottish/whatever when the last link was 100 years ago , and in many cases was only a single relative . 
  being 1/32 irish seems to be cherry picking the interesting one over the other 31/32 !, 
   ireland ( ordering an irish car bomb is a must !! ), 
  i ca n't believe america actually have a cocktail called that . 
  a roast dinner . 
  beef is the stereotype for brits but it could be anything - lamb is my favourite . 
  with roast potatoes , yorkshire puddings , cauliflower cheese , a plate full of vegetables and lots of good gravy . 
  that and a really good english breakfast on a weekend : bacon , eggs , sausages and all the rest . 
  or that england is the uk , and there is a `` queen of england '' . 
  i will admit the way the country is split up is a bit confusing though . 
  we do gcses at 16 , that is the end of high school proper . 
  two years before that you make your options where you can drop certain subjects . 
  core subjects will always remain . 
  you can then go to the 6th form / college to do a levels where you specialise in 3-4 subjects . 
  at 16 i did : english ( lit + lang ) welsh maths triple science ( biology , chemistry , physics ) french religious education geography drama computing business studies a levels : physics , maths , computing, 
  the british attitude is interesting as around friends there is a lot of swearing , it is accepted in the workplace generally too . 
  but around family i have never sworn , i also would n't do it in an official place or if i was a customer somewhere . 
  i like our attitude on tv , pretty much after 9pm anything goes ( although i think they have a limit on the number of cunts they can have ) . 
  real life is n't as fraught as the online world might make you think . 
  i can only suggest people will have moved onto the next bogeyman by then . 
  despite the reputation for certain ghettos or `` no-go '' areas , integration is likely to continue further outside those communities and it will be as distant a memory as the scaremongering over black people moving from the carribean in the 60s and 70s . 
  is it hard to find `` authentic '' french wine in america ? 
  they export it all over the world , surely . 
  cheese maybe not so much . 
  i ca n't think of anything sorry , especially that would excite a 100 year old . 
  kids might like some of the more sugary cereals or unusual sweets . 
  a fridge magnet of your home town , how about that . 
  `` cursive '' aka joined up handwriting . 
  look at every school thread . 
  frankie and benny 's is a fake italian american diner . 
  with old black and white photos on the walls , memorabilia , classic pasta dishes , pizzas and burgers . 
  they also seem to manage to have fish & chips on the menu too . 
  i had a pint of sam adams last time i went . 
  it is a bit like a budget tgi fridays , way too expensive for what it is too . 
  other than that there is the odd `` diner '' or 50s themed milkshake bar , but not as explicitly american as say an indian or chinese restaurant would be . 
  completely fake each time . 
  excellent in general . 
  it is n't perfect as they have to prioritise - they are n't going to see you for your broken arm when ten people are admitted for heart attacks . 
  i 'd take it being free over high charges any day . 
  you can also go private , some people might decide to for certain procedures , some people have private healthcare as a perk of a job . 
  these always use the nhs to fall back on though , you ca n't go to a private accident and emergency ward for rapid treatment of something minor . 
  no idea about how the cost compares to privatised healthcare , or even how the tax situation works out . 
  i have read that america pays more per capita into their healthcare system than countries with free healthcare across the board .
