  but someone from inner city london calling someone a twat sounds a lot harsher . 
  i have heard americans say all our shops seem to close really early . 
  high street shops do , but i ca n't recall any issues with supermarkets or out of town places ( unless they are used to very late closing ) . 
  also the issue of where / how to order food and drink in pubs . 
  some places it is at the bar , others you have a waiter . 
  never even thought about it , it seems obvious once you tune into it . 
  and if in doubt , go to the bar . 
  if it is in a restaurant or public toilet , there often are n't plugs though , as if they are left in people can flood the place . 
  i think you just accept it , you wash your hands very quickly in the hot tap so it is * just * right then stop when it gets too hot . 
  or just use the cold . 
  the real reason is something tedious to do with plumbing , hot water storage heaters and the look of the taps . 
  or something . 
  all the taps in my house are mixers . 
  i have only ever visited two at friends ' houses , it was absolutely freezing . 
  it would be very big houses owned by rich people , even then they 'd rarely get a chance to use it . 
  it is n't common , no . 
  we do n't have the space to start with , most would rather have more garden . 
  amazing how similar a lot of cornish is to welsh . 
  not sure how it would compare spoken ( or how they even pronounce it considering it `` died '' many years ago ) but some of it is understood quite easily . 
  place names especially . 
  people ca n't just come to the uk and get given a free house and benefits , so that stereotype is n't correct anyway . 
  i do n't see much of it on the ground here , i know a few polish people . 
  kids go to the local school , settle in well . 
  the more polish people , the more polish food shops , hence more places to get cheap tyskie , zywiec and perla . 
  so i am happy . 
  yes , betting shops on pretty much every corner , casinos , online betting , various lotteries , horse racing , slot machines , you name it . 
  used to be very much for the fun , a cheeky few quid on a horse race or a football match . 
  now they have really tapped in to how to rinse people of money , especially the fixed odds machines in betting shops . 
  as for how i feel about it - it is a free country . 
  it could be regulated better , but i know a lot of people who do it purely for fun . 
  putting some money on the grand national every year ( big horse race ) is common , football accumulators , that kind of thing . 
  as for your question regarding the government taxing the poor , that works to an extent . 
  but i suspect the really big rollers put a lot of money in , they are n't poor by any stretch . 
  i disagree you see , i find chains bland and would rather have the occasional bad meal and find the odd hidden gem than have the same food each and every time . 
  i do n't have bad stuff * that * often either , tripadvisor really helps . 
  i have found since the smoking ban especially pub food has got much better - they have to be good or the place simply dies out . 
  are we ? 
  chains take all the soul out of everything . 
  we have plenty of restaurant chains which are dull as ditchwater - your beefeaters , hungry horse , little chef , wetherspoons , even crap like bella italia - the same restaurants in every town and city . 
  fast food has pretty much always just stayed a local thing . 
  to brits , it just sounds incredibly sarcastic . 
  does n't quite come across in the same way . 
  i believe they change the day too , so it is on the weekend instead of the actual day they celebrate in ireland . 
  well there is wimpy , there are regional ones like miss millies too , but they just are n't as good . 
  i quite like how our takeaways are more local , you get a chippy or indian or chinese place family owned and run . 
  makes them all different . 
  we have had that too , it makes no sense at all . 
  i think it got a bit of a bad name though as there was footage of people literally fighting each other over discounted goods . 
  i like coffee . 
  hoffi coffi is welsh for `` like coffee '', 
  reasonably popular to play casually - all you need is a ball and a hoop . 
  you often see 5-a-side football pitches also used for basketball . 
  rules are fairly simple , it is indoors so works in pe lessons . 
  in terms of playing as a sport as an adult or `` properly '' , not very . 
  i highly doubt any players or teams are even semi-professional . 
  the nba , aside from the odd famous player ( magic johnson , shaquille o'neal , erm ? 
  lebron james is he one ? 
  ) , next to nothing . 
  there is n't even a single game to focus on unlike , say , the superbowl to american football . 
  it has hardly changed for 300 years , it is why our pronunciation is such a shit show . 
  i live near a `` ph\u0153nix grove '' . 
  the sign looks very odd to me . 
  chav dress / culture in general , although i suspect most countries have their own version . 
  the thing i like about these candidates is they have to put down their real name on the ballot paper . 
  so they just legally change their name to `` mr fishfinger '' . 
  there are a few political ones . 
  things like labour deliberately bringing in a lot of immigrants as they know immigrants are more likely to vote for them , hence ensuring them power . 
  if it was a real conspiracy it is n't exactly working out for them . 
  nothing too crazy otherwise , thankfully . 
  i remember it once or twice as a kid in the uk , once after very heavy snow overnight - meant we missed the alarm and hence school . 
  but then school was closed anyway . 
  definitely one time in a normal evening where we had to sit around reading by candlelight . 
  as an adult i have n't seen anything except the odd flutter of lights , but we must have had some as it resets clocks and automatically sets our ( fucking ) burglar alarm off . 
  same . 
  often people without two basins have a washing up bowl for this purpose , they can rinse the suds off around the edge . 
  i might soak dishes that are very dirty , but they are still washed and rinsed !, 
  i am not aware of any county songs , i am sure some exist though - cornwall potentially . 
  the individual nations have their own national anthems or songs sung before sporting fixtures , [ mae hen gwlad fy nhadau ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am4milykg9s ) is amazing . 
  flower of scotland too . 
  england tends to use god save the queen , but has used [ jerusalem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt1hexni9c4 ) in the past . 
  gets complicated with northern ireland for various reasons , i think they have even used danny boy in the commonwealth games . 
  it is the fact it keeps stopping that gets me a bit . 
  at least rugby league they get five tackles and a kick , not a single tackle then a scrum . 
  is that so ? 
  you can see how much impression that has made on me !, 
  it can get a little embarrassing these days . 
  we do n't want a return to the 70s where players were nicknamed `` chops your legs '' and defenders could break strikers ' legs and still stay on the pitch ; but there is a balance where players should stay up rather than drop like a sack of shit and roll around at the faintest touch . 
  they are really trying to make it catch on in the uk as they do every few years . 
  they do get a lot of spectators for the games they play in london occasionally , but with little to no interest on tv . 
  i doubt many watching even know the rules , it is for the spectacle of it . 
  the superbowl can be an event as it is on in the middle of the night so people stay up drinking and watch it . 
  i find the game baffling , but can see the appeal in it when viewed as a whole . 
  there is less context for us as we have no connection to the different teams though . 
  rugby fills the niche of big men running into each other here , plus the added context of supporting your country or local team . 
  you will probably get comments about american footballers all wearing pads , there being no action apart from in short bursts , too many adverts etc etc too . 
  bacon sandwich is a classic . 
  fried bacon in a sandwich or bread roll : `` bacon butty '' . 
  imperial . 
  miles , yards and feet are still used on the roads . 
  people are measured in feet and inches , weighed in stone , babies in pounds and ounces .
