  you rarely see it though , but then you rarely see a waiter id a diner so maybe it does happen . 
  in the uk it is 18 to buy alcohol . 
  but it is not illegal for younger people to drink it at home , and it is quite accepted to have a glass of beer or wine with a meal from your teens onwards . 
  i did from about 13 or so occasionally , maybe a glass of champagne at new year or christmas too . 
  you would find by about 16 most people would have managed to get served in a pub , i was going out clubbing at 16 every few weeks . 
  if we went to the pub with my dad he would buy me a beer from about 16 . 
  a lot of people go through phases of drinking in parks , i skipped that as i looked quite old so could get served in pubs . 
  by 18 most people would be old hands at going out drinking . 
  seems baffling that in america it is 21 , we would have finished university by then !, 
  i think we would here , being used to the football season running from august through to may , with a major international tournament every 2 years in the summer . 
  the main league plus fa cup , league cup , two european cups ... 20 weeks out of 52 , what are they doing the rest of the time ? 
  i have actually been , a few times between the ages of 8-13 with my parents . 
  we did fly drives and went pretty much everywhere - new york , niagara falls , washington dc , florida , california , grand canyon , las vegas , both disneylands and thousands of miles of roads inbetween . 
  as an adult i would like to see the grand canyon again but i would definitely miss las vegas , nothing i have read since has made me want to go either . 
  new york was n't quite what i expected , but i liked driving around new england . 
  maybe go and see boston and places on the coast . 
  maybe the great lakes too . 
  i think american football does have a high risk of injury . 
  i just find it odd that with the amount of money in the game that they do n't just have a bigger pool of players and have more games rather than make the season so short . 
  in the uk hunting is seen as an upper class pastime , and until recently even included pretty ugly things like using dogs to hunt foxes for fun . 
  fishing is for everyone , often in rivers and not even with an end result of eating the fish in mind . 
  we are pretty spoiled here in terms of the outdoors , despite being a small island with a big population there are places like snowdonia , brecon beacons , the lake district and many national parks very close to most people . 
  the focus would be on hiking or climbing or caving over shooting things though for sure . 
  considering each team seems to have unlimited numbers of players and substitutions , it seems odd to have so few games . 
  it is big money and they only have a handful of games a year . 
  rugby players risk injury all the time , they have the 6 nations tournament running at the same time as the domestic league and british / european cup games also !, 
  is that all they play at home ? 
  i was thinking of it like a football season where you get a good 20 home games plus various cup competitions . 
  we are n't sufficiently interested in american football to make it a regular thing . 
  as a one off event occasionally , it is an interesting novelty ( and they do sell a lot of tickets ) . 
  a match every fortnight on a drizzly sunday afternoon ? 
  not so sure . 
  places like clovelly in devon spring to mind , or mousehole in cornwall , st ives , padstow ... 
  i see it as no different to schools , the fire service or anything else . 
  we do n't think we are being cheated if `` our '' taxes go to putting out someone else 's fire . 
  uk - we have free health care . 
  the thing that struck me when i read other people 's stories on / r/epilepsy was how different it is in the usa . 
  here i had a fit , was rushed to hospital , had all manner of tests done , had regular interactions with my local gp and neurologist , prescribed various types of medication ( always in stock maybe a max of next day for some ) and it was all free . 
  i have heard about americans being charged $ 500 + for an ambulance ride when they did n't even call it !, 
  they have had to beg colleagues not to call for one if they have a grand mal seizure as they can not afford it , that is unacceptable . 
  the costs of medication is crazy too , people talking of * thousands * a month for drugs i have a drawer full at home !, 
  i had no idea it was that bad , i thought they just had to hand over $ 30 or something when they saw a doctor . 
  10/10 for me . 
  one thing to remember is if people do n't like it , private doctors and hospitals do exist . 
  if an alternative is available , the chemist will always say . 
  the gp does n't even bother prescribing aspirin , they just say `` get some aspirin '' . 
  people who are out of work , children , pregnant , have a lifelong condition or are elderly get free prescriptions remember . 
  i usually ring up first thing in the morning and get one the same day . 
  they have drop-in sessions twice a day too , plus there are walk-in centres which anyone can attend but expect a bit of a wait . 
  2-3 months for a general gp appointment - no . 
  2-3 months for a non-urgent consultant appointment in a hospital ? 
  probably . 
  i grew up in cardiff and what we played as `` baseball '' in school was british baseball ( aka welsh baseball ) , which still seems to have a bit of a foothold in south wales . 
  it definitely was n't baseball , nor was it rounders . 
  we probably played it more than cricket in fact . 
  is n't that `` british baseball '' though , which is different to american baseball ? 
  it is all very confusing . 
  in the uk , not really . 
  we actually make light of it , but then we can poke fun out of anything . 
  see the germans episode of fawlty towers or the whole of the sitcom / film dad 's army . 
  various films also like the great escape . 
  great britain is an island and my passport has expired so not so much . 
  flights are fairly cheap and i have been to france , spain , cyprus and various other places in the past . 
  i have always wondered how it would be for those in central europe who can drive a few hours in any direction and be somewhere completely different . 
  you could drive to china if you wanted to !, 
  in the uk it is a bit flaky , you are not allowed to leave a mark or bruising basically but you can use `` reasonable chastisement '' which would theoretically include hitting or smacking . 
  they need to just ban it , it should be no different to the attitudes towards husbands hitting their wives . 
  if the only argument some people have is `` i got a smack and i turned out ok ! '', 
  then they need to take a step back and * really * think about that ... 
  i think because america has a high drinking age of 21 , a kind of `` party culture '' might have sprung up . 
  where only a few people can get alcohol , it revolves around house parties , kegs and providing their own entertainment . 
  in most of europe we would just go to nightclubs , i have since i was about 16 . 
  so a house party would either be a grotty student thing ( drinking out of cans ) or a more grown up affair ( actual glasses ) . 
  when you see american parties , * everyone * seems to have those red cups . 
  here in the uk we would have wine glasses for wine , otherwise most of the time just drink beer out of the can / bottle . 
  i think in the us they often get kegs . 
  plastic cups for soft drinks perhaps . 
  free healthcare ? 
  a lot of people do , yes . 
  or go to public displays . 
  they often burn things ( a large effigy of an unpopular politician say ) . 
  people do fireworks in their gardens more , it can sound like the apocalypse on the 5th november . 
  the thing about british teeth being bad . 
  no idea where that comes from , it only seems to be an american stereotype . 
  we have state funded / subsidised dental care !, 
  having said , that the stereotype of american teeth is a huge shiny fake set of white teeth ... 
  we do need electricians ... 
  there is often a bit of confusion in the uk , but the general rule is pubs you order at the bar unless you are greeted on entry . 
  cafes can be a mix , but usually at the bar also . 
  if you are unsure and no one comes over , then just walk up and ask . 
  no pub or restaurant with a bar would refuse you service , at the least they would feel bad and send someone over . 
  guy fawkes night in the uk is the main one . 
  celebrating someone trying to blow up parliament in the 17th century . 
  there are various local celebrations also , around new year especially . 
  i ca n't speak too much for elsewhere , but in the uk it is not * expected * anywhere . 
  you wo n't get chased down the street if you do n't add on an abitrary x % . 
  sit down restaurants are about the only place it is regularly done , some add on 10 % when your bill arrives , otherwise about 10 % is the norm . 
  only decent places really , no chains or pubs . 
  taxis , barbers , pizza deliverers might get a `` keep the change '' for a pound or two . 
  occasionally in a pub a local might say `` and one for yourself '' , they would just take out the price of a drink .
