  just thought i 'd point it out as i too used to reference the hot coffee lawsuit . 
  same in the uk , the nhs would have sorted it and she 'd have been covered for time off work . 
  all she wanted from mcdonalds was this , but they offered something like $ 800 and refused to back down . 
  they * knew * the coffee was so hot it could cause third degree burns , others had been injured in a similar fashion , but they carried on anyway . 
  i would read about the hot coffee lawsuit , it is n't as ridiculous as it sounds . 
  if anything it is a * good * example of people taking big companies to court . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liebeck_v._mcdonald's_restaurants ), 
  english , with the occasional welsh conversation overheard . 
  buying alcohol at 18 . 
  you wo n't get in major trouble for drinking younger than that either . 
  i find it odd that in the land of the free where people are outraged by attempts to stop people buying guns that they are so accepting about strict laws on alcohol . 
  i asked a question once in a sub about jaywalking , quite a lot of people said they have been told off for it by police , or worse given some kind of penalty ticket . 
  police also use it as an excuse to arrest people they do n't like . 
  primary school from age 4/5 - 11 . 
  high school from 11 - 16 , there you do gcse exams , you can usually drop certain subjects at 14 . 
  16-18 you can go to college or 6th form , usually they require certain passes or subjects in gcse to allow you in , there you specialise in 3-4 subjects at `` a '' level or equivalent . 
  then you apply to university , they will usually want certain grades in your subjects and to be relevant . 
  the really top universities would want 4 as , lower down you can get in with a couple of passes . 
  mature students may not need anything , it depends on the university and your experience . 
  not any more , my grandparents were accustomed to it though . 
  we did . 
  there was something about having a daily collective worship in schools i believe , it was part of assembly . 
  we 'd have christian speakers come in too occasionally , the local vicar was frequently dropping by . 
  along with other faiths too . 
  this varies , there are a lot of church of england schools around which take it more seriously . 
  i think it is dying out , it is very outdated . 
  probably being stuck in the same mindset as the 1700s , where you need guns for protection and paranoia about certain rights being taken away . 
  they just need to relax a bit . 
  and drinking being 21 . 
  i know there are reasons relating to federal grants or whatever , but in the land of the free you ca n't drink until * 21 * ? 
  i see that as more fundamental than the right to have a gun , but it is just shrugged off . 
  what if a load of `` reasons '' meant people could n't get hold of a gun until 21 ? 
  they would n't accept that . 
  some do n't even like showing id , but hand it over for booze !, 
  hey , we used to use them in the uk too !, 
  they only make sense in terms of the weather , as they are in nice even bands of 10s , so 30s is cold , right up to over 100 being really hot . 
  celcius is a bit squashed and you have to go into negatives as soon as you go below freezing . 
  for absolutely everything else though , it makes no sense at all . 
  so much reolves around water freezing and boiling , i have no idea where they are on the scale . 
  hey , did your school do the lords prayer every day ? 
  mine did . 
  now that is creepy , but i think they see it in a similar way . 
  just something you mumble and do n't think about . 
  oddly though it seems to work for them . 
  patriotism is huge there , but christianity is massively on the wane here . 
  the system is the system , it is n't going to change . 
  what i did n't like was the attitude of people serving is n't `` ah well , never mind '' if someone does n't ( or forgets to ) tip , it is an angry `` i am entitled to that tip ! '' . 
  the real meaning has been lost in a long list of people you should tip and at what percentage . 
  we have local buses , trains , bikes and walking as options . 
  the cities and towns are closer together than the us unless you go out to rural areas . 
  even then there tends to be at least some kind of bus link . 
  so unless you live on a farm 3 miles from a small village you can get by ok . 
  there are a lot of convenience stores , smaller local ones run by the main supermarkets . 
  local greengrocers and butchers too are clinging on in a lot of places . 
  i am struggling to think of anywhere i have lived or visited where having a car is completely essential , and that includes parts of cornwall . 
  having a car is expensive , for special trips people can call a taxi . 
  davey crockett - the hat with the tail on it . 
  johnny appleseed sounds like a cartoon . 
  i have not heard of the others or know anything else . 
  they 'd only get in trouble if the person was actually under 18 . 
  their own judgement or id rules are up to them . 
  the police may well have a word of advice though !, 
  surely your out of date passport should still work . 
  you wo n't be able to fly using it , but your date of birth wo n't have changed !, 
  `` challenge 25 '' is a thing in the uk . 
  if you look under 25 , they are supposed to ask for id . 
  in larger supermarkets and shops this is more frequent , same with big nightclubs . 
  note this is not legal advice , just a scheme that has been put in place . 
  it used to be challenge 21 , why they raised it so much i do n't know . 
  do any 24 year olds really look like they could be 17 ? 
  in smaller places though unless you look borderline underage they tend not to bother as people do n't like it ( or do n't have any , so no sale ) . 
  i was getting served for alcohol and going into pubs from 16/17 onwards without much problem . 
  if i did n't get served in one place , i 'd go to another . 
  i am in my 30s , i probably get carded once a year at most . 
  i was aware of it growing up , but associated it more with small local traditions and games like abble bobbing . 
  trick or treating was n't that widespread , we did go out but got baffled looks by a few people . 
  the main intention then was us as teenagers chucking eggs at people 's houses . 
  now it has just gone nuts , costumes were a thing but everyone seems to want some clever quirky idea . 
  mostly not even anything to do with horror or halloween at all . 
  the sad thing is that guy fawkes ' night has suffered a bit . 
  penny for the guy has probably disappeared , and we now have a week long fireworks night instead of it being on one day . 
  they 'd have to leave the gun there if i remember correctly . 
  it is n't actually ruled out , they could have shotguns . 
  they just are n't a big thing , i am not sure what they would do with them . 
  hunt deer ? 
  i ca n't say i have ever come across this . 
  guns are a no to start with . 
  plus we are a small country , you ca n't really hide in the middle of nowhere with a stockpile very easily . 
  there is a similar reaction when europeans ask americans about how safe they are likely to be from gun violence in the us , to be fair . 
  london is the cockney accent , slowly being replaced with [ mle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multicultural_london_english ) . 
  cardiff has a distinct accent ( to me anyway ) which is harsher and more nasal than the more lilting welsh accent . 
  this gets more pronounced the further towards the docks you go . 
  you ca n't be more than about 50 miles from the sea in the uk , so i doubt it . 
  older people would have regularly gone on trips to the seaside by train or bus , so i doubt any would have avoided it . 
  they might not have gone * in * the sea i suppose . 
  i set the boiler temperature to quite low , so hot on full blast is pretty much perfect . 
  i have seen beautiful new modern toilets in flashy new shopping centres which * still * have two taps . 
  no plugs in the sinks obviously and huge signs saying `` warning hot water '' . 
  at least do n't make it as hot as the fucking sun if you do n't have mixer taps . 
  there are the `` ceremonial counties '' many of which now are technically split up into smaller counties which keep changing and i can not keep up at all .
