  does it matter if people of a certain background often live in a certain area ? 
  there are parts of my city full of students , or old people , or wealthy people , hipsters , the list goes on . 
  i do n't mind if they stay in their own cliques or not . 
  the odd part of this argument also is for them to form a sectioned off community , enough people have to leave ( not wanting them as neighbours ) for this to even happen !, 
  everyone seems to have their own definition of multiculturalism which is a problem in itself . 
  i am very happy with different `` cultures '' - it is not like white people ( of any nationality ) are all the same to start with . 
  i do n't have a particular problem about ethnic brits potentially being a minority in the future ( however overplayed these fears are - was n't it meant to have happened already ? 
  ) , after all i have friends and family who have intermarried , my kids go to school with all nationalities with no issues . 
  does it matter where someone 's grandfather came from ? 
  in america they are a huge mix and it has worked out reasonably well , they are just americans . 
  an assumption might be made that someone is a racist for banging on about ethnic minorities , mainly because racists bang on constantly about ethnic minorities . 
  that is a shame , but it is the way people work . 
  peep show is excellent , as part of us can relate to each character as different as they are . 
  not public ones , no . 
  it does n't generally get so hot that it becomes a problem , water is available anywhere and water in public toilets is drinkable if you want to fill up a bottle . 
  water in pubs and restaurants by law has to be free . 
  it gets difficult here as there are a lot of english speaking countries who often want to keep their ancestors ' traditions and names alive . 
  this applies to even quite obscure scottish , welsh and irish names ( plus their spelling ) . 
  the modern trend at the moment is very sickly sweet baby names , incorrectly spelled with hyphens , things like maisee-mae . 
  some are quite awkward too , say courtnee-aleesha . 
  that and old people 's names , although i have yet to see an ethel , gertrude or clive . 
  you get gwen in wales quite often . 
  generally though do n't you let it boil then cool down for a minute ? 
  unless your kettle has a thermometer in it . 
  celcius , as we seem to revolve our concerns around water boiling and water freezing . 
  boiling for cooking and freezing for what weather / road conditions will be like . 
  everything else is inbetween , 50c is about as hot as it can ever get on earth , it goes down the scale that way . 
  fahrenheit i can kind of see the appeal when you are used to it - people talk about the 50s or the high 70s or whatever . 
  if you are n't used to it though it could mean anything . 
  it might be , yes . 
  in the uk we do make it up quite thick but it is essentially the same thing i thought . 
  spaghetti bolognese is very popular here , but i am led to believe they do n't do that dish in bologna . 
  never heard of it . 
  we do n't even use the term `` broil '' . 
  yes , we call it custard . 
  pretentious restaurants like to call it creme anglaise however as it sounds a bit classier . 
  custard sounds like something your granny makes rather than part of a sophisticated dessert . 
  he was seen as a bit weird though . 
  `` wacko jacko '' , which took a sinister turn after the documentary where he said he shared beds with little boys ... 
  sounds about as good as you can expect really . 
  they do it on priority , it would n't be 3 hours if you were pouring with blood from a dismembered leg . 
  no one ever says how they feel . 
  it minimises conflict , but everything gets bottled up . 
  in a word , no . 
  a lot of private schools ( and many state schools ) are nominally quite religious , but not in the wack-job way - they just go to church and have regular assemblies . 
  they do n't teach the kids that dinosaurs do n't exist or anything . 
  i saw a lot of separate washers and dryers , many even top loading ones . 
  they did seem inefficient and bulky , but many houses have the space . 
  i presume eu regulations make ours more efficient . 
  it is n't mle , ya get me blud ? 
  the spread of pc is massively overstated . 
  there are terms you would n't use in polite company , but that is the way language works , it does n't mean some brigade is out there banning things necessarily . 
  you get a few ( generally misreported ) news stories and these get taken to mean that something is now `` banned '' . 
  plus it works both ways , there are people on the right who scoff at using certain terms , but would you catch them calling disabled people `` retards '' or `` spastics '' ? 
  how would they react if you insulted ( or even did n't wear ) a poppy ? 
  brummies ^ 1 , geordies ^ 2 , scousers ^ 3 , westcountry ^ 4 . 
  some are just funny because of the slang like cockneys ^ 5 . 
  ^ 1 birmingham and environs , yes i know there are technically different names for dudley accents and whatnot , but i do n't care . 
  ^ 2 newcastle area , see above caveat for surrounding places ^ 3 liverpool ^ 4 bristol , somerset , devon , cornwall . 
  pirate speak . 
  ^ 5 east london, 
  most people learn to drive a manual , as otherwise you can only legally drive an automatic so can be stuck . 
  automatics are getting more popular mainly as they have got better , i drove one about 10 years ago which was awful - so slow and sluggish . 
  now they are alright once you get used to it . 
  it did n't roll back on hills though which is a main problem learners or nervous drivers have . 
  it is associates with either these , old people , people who are n't really into cars or people who do long business trips i 'd say . 
  i 've only been to a couple and the whole throwing money thing i did n't see at all . 
  a lady came round with a pint glass shaking it so people put pound coins in though ( that was a particularly tacky backstreet one ) . 
  otherwise they tend to try and get people into a side room for a private dance . 
  maybe . 
  you 'd have to ask him . 
  one thing i have noticed though is some people do put on a slightly different accent in videos like this . 
  almost like the voice radio presenters put on , soften the consonants and have some american sounding words . 
  compared to home , i 'll pass . 
  brewdog can be a bit gimmicky at times . 
  they will have very strong beers for the sake of it , or put grapefruit juice in or something . 
  i 'll answer some of these , just for fun . 
  baggers in supermarkets is just weird . 
  most say `` would you like some help packing '' - this is rarely taken up . 
  it is because we are perfectly capable of doing it ourselves , things can go in the right bags depending on what we want to do ( plus heaviest things first etc ) . 
  american pronunciation is just a source of amusement , especially butchering french words . 
  craft beer - there is so much in the uk and always has been rather than it being a fad . 
  you can go 20 miles and have completely different breweries beer in the local pubs . 
  because it is a shithole and i would be concerned about my personal safety . 
  god , no . 
  plus it often hovers around 0 , so it melts then freezes again overnight . 
  that is more a dry heat though . 
  i have been to the us and had no issues in 40 + degree heat , but i have had days in the uk where i feel like i am going to die even though it is less than 30 . 
  no air con either and everywhere is designed to retain heat . 
  i am not sure i could eat a dove bar , i 'd just be thinking of the soap . 
  i do n't recall the vomit taste that people talk about , but the texture is harder and more `` snappy '' . 
  it is n't creamy , but then also does n't have the depth of dark chocolate . 
  it is like the chocolate you get in cheap advent calendars . 
  there are tiny little churches all over the place , in every town and many small villages . 
  often very old too . 
  do you mean specifically of that style where they seem to fall in the middle of a road ? 
  i have never seen one quite like that . 
  under 18s to buy them here , but they are probably only used by under 18s !, 
  you get it in a glass with a crown logo on it . 
  then you know you are getting a pint ( or half - i have only seen thirds in craft beer places ) .
