  prescriptions are also free for older people and for people with lifelong conditions . 
  i get free epilepsy medication , americans on the same say they have to pay thousands a month for the same stuff . 
  i remember around the age of 7 or 8 we had to prove we could write well enough to move from a pencil to a fountain pen . 
  then we moved to joined up handwriting ( as we call it ) . 
  it is just the way everyone writes , maybe not in the most perfect way , but it is still there . 
  americans * constantly * complain about it , i have no idea how they actually write therefore , each letter completely separate ? 
  i would have been about 6 i think , we went on a caravan holiday to brittany . 
  i remember nearly drowing in the pool , getting stung by a wasp who was hiding in my coke can , the ground being so hot that i was burning my feet as i had no shoes on , accidentally walking into the wrong caravan , making friends with some kids who showed me their toy cars , going to visit a cave where they grew mushrooms , ordering frogs ' legs and snails in restaurants and the car being loaded up for the ferry trip . 
  zubr is lethal , 6 % but slips down beautifully , usually cheap too ( i reckon they get shoved in the back of a van and sold on the quiet in corner shops ) . 
  perla too . 
  `` face like a slapped arse '' - an angry expression `` face only a mother could love '' `` mad as a box of frogs '' `` the bee 's knees '' - the best `` up the wooden hill to bedfordshire '' - going to bed, 
  lemonade is usually a clear fizzy drink , quite artificial . 
  like sprite without the lime . 
  cloudy or traditional lemonade is the yellowy lemonny stuff , either flat or sparkling . 
  can range from quite artificial to the proper homemade stuff . 
  fizzy drinks or pop is what a lot of people call all sparkling beverages . 
  there is also squash , which is a type of cordial . 
  usually cheaper and less sugar . 
  makes a very refreshing low calorie drink , i really missed it in america where they only seemed to have `` soda '' ( meaning any syrupy sparkling drink rather than plain soda water ) and nothing else apart from water . 
  that is the common complaint , that apparently you are n't allowed to be patriotic . 
  partly true , due to the association with the far right , but generally people are n't that bothered outside sporting events . 
  perhaps the other home nations feel they need to reassert themselves as they are a minority . 
  not as a whole , but the constituent countries can be . 
  england less so than the others . 
  i tried speaking french in a boulangerie , the lady rolled her eyes , walked away , and sent a young girl over who spoke to me in english . 
  kind of put me off trying . 
  i did eat in a restaurant with a fixed price menu in english , it was pretty awful . 
  it is the same the world over , but it is quick and convenient when you ca n't find anywhere else . 
  they might be down to a single office i suppose , cheap to set up and run . 
  they charge loads for the call , even more if they put you straight through . 
  sunny delight was big in the uk , then there was a report that a young girl turned orange from drinking too much . 
  then the newspapers got all over it , reported about how much sugar was in it , how they added vegetable oil to it ( to improve its texture ) , how they sold it refrigerated but it did n't actually need to be , how little it resembled real oranges etc. 
  sales took a nosedive and it effectively died . 
  i think they tried to reintroduce it rebranded as natural and healthy , but that did n't work either . 
  shame really , i quite liked it . 
  it is 118 in the uk too . 
  free directory enquiries stopped , then you had 118118 , 118500 , all sorts of different ones . 
  they were * just * before the internet was everywhere on mobiles , they all must be bust by now . 
  so 1000 a year . 
  plus i have kids and the future is unknown . 
  i 'll take the national health service thanks , i have only ever had positive experiences with it . 
  what is that , a year or per month ? 
  and what does that cover , everything or are there exceptions ? 
  what about medication , ongoing conditions ? 
  that is what i would be worried about . 
  i can insure my car for around # 20 a month , but if i had accidents every few weeks i know that would go up , and there are excesses and limits involved . 
  true , that is from years of use though , you see a lot of placenames pronounced differently to how they are spelled whether they are english in origin or not . 
  shag means having sex . 
  magaluf is known for young single people going out and having sex . 
  the uk has less healthcare expenditure per capita than the us , so make of that what you will . 
  yes you have medicare and charity hospitals but i doubt i would qualify so would be reliant on buying prescriptions and extortionate rates for things like eegs and mri scans that my american friends genuinely have to save up for or just go without . 
  it is all anecdotal of course but i have only had good , quick experiences with the system here . 
  a lot of french words are adopted ( even ones which the french do n't use any more ) and they tend to keep the right pronounciation but anglicised . 
  but they are our closest neighbour and we tend to learn it in school so we know the rules . 
  so many words have been absorbed into english that many do n't know where it came from , hence you get chorizo pronounced by some as if it was an italian word ( chori-tzo ) or espresso as e * x * presso , jalapeno is often completely wrong . 
  it can be seen as being pretentious if people pronounce foreign words a bit * too * perfectly . 
  calling someone `` mr smith '' is quite formal , but you are n't going to get people being offended by it . 
  it depends what you are doing in a way , an uninvited sales call you would n't go straight for the first name as it is too familiar . 
  if it is someone working for the same company as you then go for the first name unless you are addressing someone very senior indeed . 
  this is very hard to explain as there are so many nuances to it . 
  you could automatically go for the mr smith option and let them say `` hey , call me bob '' if you are unsure . 
  that is what you would do if you were meeting your girlfriend 's parents for the first time ... 
  free healthcare . 
  i have epilepsy , if i had to buy my medication and pay for all the different doctors and neurologists - well , i would n't be able to . 
  there are american redditors who have to ask their friends not to call an ambulance when they have a fit as they get charged for it !, 
  countries without it are just a no-no for me . 
  there were a lot in paris . 
  those guys in montmartre who put a wristband on you then ask for money were annoying . 
  it actually put me off the place there were so many different scams , the police did n't seem to care . 
  simplicity usually . 
  beef skirt is used the most as it goes nice and tender , potatoes , turnip ( swede ) and onion . 
  no carrots or herbs or anything fancy . 
  lots of white pepper , a big blob of butter or clotted cream inside the pasty which is crimped on the side , not the top . 
  it should be incredibly juicy and savoury . 
  mostly it is probably because i am on holiday in cornwall , starving hungry and a fresh pasty from a bakery is a perfect lunch . 
  toasted sliced bread or cereal , cup of tea or coffee . 
  a lot of people skip it or just have a banana . 
  on the weekend it might be a fry up of sausages , bacon , eggs etc. 
  it is getting more popular , but the list of deadly ones is terrifying - especially as many seem quite similar to edible ones . 
  one of them ( the destroying angel or death cap ? ), 
  makes you very poorly for a few days , then you feel fine . 
  by then of course your liver is destroyed and you die within a few days . 
  i thought it was blamed on tv chefs like hugh fearnley whittingstall and middle class foodies rather than immigration . 
  immigrants may well be the pickers of course . 
  it has been growing in popularity recently , especially with tv chefs getting into it . 
  so much so that forests have had to put bans on mushroom picking as gangs were coming down and taking sacks full of them . 
  they are never the same anywhere else , not even devon . 
  i saw a website of an american pasty restaurant , i believe the area was populated by cornish tin miners . 
  the `` thing '' they were selling as a pasty was hilarious . 
  i have heard some crisp ( potato chip , ahem ) flavours we see as quite normal are odd elsewhere . 
  prawn cocktail for example . 
  i think if you provide some stats or anything of substance people might bite . 
  otherwise you are going to get downvotes as there is little to debate with . 
  i have read about the different forms of norwegian , are they actually different dialects or are they different ways of spelling the language ? 
  everyone seems to have a different definition of multiculturalism so it is difficult to answer really . 
  mass immigration of people in a short period of time who ( quite naturally ) gravitate towards their own people and cut themselves off ? 
  a wide range of cultures from across the world that come here , contribute , integrate and make the country even better ? 
  yes . 
  it is a reality though , people against it who think they can stop or reverse it are just making themselves miserable . 
  they will be determined to ignore the good and focus on the bad .
