  i know of cornish people who make pasties , but it is just as easy to get one from a pasty shop . 
  [ cornish pasty ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-kntnhhn2cz4/tphupak-ovi/aaaaaaaalry/shg7cath5zu/s1600/p1130488.jpg ) [ fish and chips ] ( http://www.thesailorboystosyth.co.uk/communities/5/004/012/747/795//images/4612142013.jpg ) in their truest forms they are incredibly simple , the only seasoning tends to be salt and pepper, 
  the age of consent in the uk is 16 , i would say anything under that is a no-go for anyone over say 17/18 . 
  legal , but weird . 
  a 16 year old and a 15 year old would be pretty much ok ( they are probably in the same year in school ) , but no hanky panky . 
  16 and 14 - no way . 
  once you are 18 , it would be socially acceptable to go out with anyone you want really , it would get weird once the partner is old enough to be a parent , but not particularly creepy . 
  yes , and even * then * the sentence is often quite light . 
  i ca n't remember the specifics of the case , i shall try and find it , but was n't there a family who rather than call the police decided to call their mates and dish out their own justice on an attacker ? 
  no , they can ban what they want , it is their transport system . 
  you could still see it on every billboard and magazine cover in the city . 
  you can use deadly force if you are reasonably concerned for your own life . 
  illegal weapons are a no-go , i believe you could n't even keep a weapon on hand specifically for self defence ( or at least this would look very bad in court ) as this is seen as equipping yourself to injure or kill someone else . 
  but if an intruder came in , ran at you and you hit them over the head with your bedside lamp killing them , you are in the clear . 
  it would still be investigated thoroughly and might come to court though . 
  deadly defence to stop someone stealing your tv is n't good enough . 
  the media here like to make out we are n't allowed to defend ourselves at all , but we are - they often refer to the occasional odd story ( like tony martin ) or where people were * arrested * ( but later faced no charges ) . 
  they are ok . 
  probably the equivalent of budweiser or coors to you . 
  i think stella has got better in that respect , it was stronger than your average piss ( 5.2 or more i think as opposed to 4 % ) , but taxes have forced it down a bit . 
  i just see it as a generic lager now , they do try with their fancy adverts and posh glasses i doubt i could tell it from any other mass produced beer . 
  stella is n't the alcoholics choice ( that would be white ace cider or special brew ) , it is worse than that - it is the choice of young lager louts who go out on the weekend looking for a fight . 
  it has improved a bit , partly as they reduced the percentage and partly because they made the image a bit classier . 
  it is still your standard piss though . 
  helps pay for upkeep ( in theory , although they are usually still awful ) and helps to keep out undesirables . 
  it is n't that frequent in the uk apart from train and bus stations . 
  there is one in padstow i saw recently with a very apologetic sign saying how they decided to start charging 20p to get in . 
   department stores are sometimes a good bet for a free and clean toilet . 
  true , but usually right on the top floor !, 
  we always used to play french cricket on the beach . 
  you use your legs as stumps so people try and throw the ( tennis ) ball at them to get you out . 
  you can hit the ball away and try and avoid getting caught out too . 
  you have to stay in the same position so twist round if the ball goes behind . 
  it is also so you ca n't make the excuse that you need 6 months off work because you have to wait for a hip replacement . 
  clever stuff really !, 
  i have read that many countries without free healthcare actually pay more in taxes than those who do n't . 
  seems illogical , but part of it is issues are dealt with early and a healthy population creates more wealth and is less of a drain on other resources . 
  america funds their own healthcare system * and * have to pay for it at the point of use as well . 
  in the uk it can depend on the place . 
  a crowded area with an influx of new residents can find a doctor 's practise overwhelmed . 
  everything is free however , from an appointment to emergency surgery . 
  if you are working you pay # 8 per prescription , otherwise it is free . 
  no matter what it is for . 
  here i can usually get an appointment the same day , there is a well equipped hospital up the road and i am very happy . 
  i did n't realise in the us you have to pay for an emergency ambulance - i found this amazing . 
  i thought at least the very basics were covered . 
  we do have private healthcare and insurance also , which is an option . 
  it is not like we pay thousands more in taxes to fund the nhs . 
  edit - in fact it appears we pay less for our healthcare system in taxes than america per capita . 
  no idea how that works out . 
  some have issues accepting people of other races , that is the stereotype anyway . 
  this is by no means universal . 
  most go to the surrounding countries , by far.you just do n't hear about them . 
  life in a refugee camp in a desert is pretty shitty , i do n't particularly blame anyone for trying to better themselves . 
  mostly western europe is more welcoming , speaks languages they may already speak , has links to them already , and has better opportunities . 
  the usual - complete apathy a few months before , then in the run-up people think `` actually , hang on , we could do alright here '' . 
  then we completely fuck it up . 
  we are beyond caring really , we won the world cup once , semis in 1990 , euro semis in 96 - since then nothing . 
  it is an amusing inevitability , us crashing out . 
  it is even funnier if it is to germany , on penalties , through cheating or even a combination of all of them . 
  i am talking for england here , it will be good to see ni and wales in action . 
  i class that as cold !, 
  warmer than i thought though , granted . 
  you see kids and teenagers wearing them , plus older people to keep the sun off their face . 
  it can have any logo on it , or just plain . 
  rarely an actual baseball team . 
  flat caps are more fashionable these days . 
  cold . 
  the fireworks are good though , but i am fine seeing it on tv . 
  the idea of queuing in the pissing rain for hours * at new year * just to see them is very british indeed . 
  you could n't even drink in case you need the toilet . 
  i was wondering also if the similarities between dutch and english helps . 
  people are mentioning the bbc a lot , that is mainly because its list of recipes is so vast . 
  it has been in the news recently as they were going to take it down , as a public broadcaster it was felt it was putting the rest of the media at a disadvantage . 
  cue outcry . 
  i am not a massive fan , it is * too * big and the quality control is poor . 
  you can have about 5 passable versions of pretty much any dish , but nothing else . 
  i am a fan of cooks like hugh fearnley whittingstall . 
  he is an annoying twat , but he likes to use british ingredients , make real traditional dishes ( with a twist ) and is n't shy of getting stuck in to using rabbits , offal or little known ingredients . 
  same with nigel slater or rick stein . 
  madhur jaffrey did a great series visiting the various asian communities of the uk and listing what they ate at home . 
  you get a good british twist on south asian food there . 
  i 'd be interested to hear what dutch cooking is , any classic dishes that are missing ? 
  from our point of view a lot of southern european countries have a very strong cuisine , we could probably list reams of spanish , french or italian dishes . 
  but for further north it seems to become little but heavy meat dishes involving potato , sausages , pork and cabbage . 
  even british dishes are n't that numerous , it is why we steal from pretty much everywhere else in the world . 
  the only ones i regularly eat are fish & chips and a nice cornish pasty . 
  in a word , no . 
  it is one of the least likely things to get caught up in and get killed by , even when it was a more frequent occurrence in the era of the ira being active . 
  the main problem with the us is there are so many . 
  it has reached a stage where people feel they need guns to protect themselves from guns , add in a strange fetishisation of them and it becomes a loop that reinforces itself . 
  we just do n't have that in the uk so banning them has n't been a problem . 
  a couple of cases ( hungerford and dunblane ) left few people wanting legal handguns . 
  in america large shootings seem to make people want * more * guns out there , which i ca n't really get my head around . 
  we are in europe , but we tend to make a distinction and see ourselves as separate by referring to everywhere else as europe but not ourselves ( ireland included ) . 
  culturally we see ourselves as different , i would group the rest of europe into rough areas such as the romance countries , scandinavia , eastern europe etc. 
  i know americans think nothing of long road trips , but it is different in the uk and the rest of europe . 
  it is n't long dusty open roads , it is crowded highways , rush hours , skirting or going through large industrial cities - this does not sound like fun in such a short space of time !, 
  even getting to calais from the uk if you live near to dover is a massive pita . 
  spend time with my family , relax , go for walks , enjoy hobbies .
