  what is classified as a language is a huge matter for debate though , is jamaican patois a dialect ? 
  it is completely fundamentally different in its purest form , but most can speak standard english and will code switch . 
  if there was a sea between england and scotland , scots could be seen as separate as dutch or frisian . 
  i hear a bit more than that , people from newcastle seem to emphasise the last part even more - newc-assle instead of new-casstle . 
  subtle , but for me there is - at least in my head . 
  a lot of people have difficulty in knowing which to use , i suspect it is because they say them in an identical way . 
  in most definitions , it certainly could be . 
  but reality is scottish people can speak a range from standard english right into something with a completely different sentence structure and vocabulary . 
  so it does n't get defined in the same way . 
  what is the issue people have with the th sound ? 
  some literally can not do it . 
  it is just sticking your tongue in front of your teeth . 
  do people in other european countries ever have lisps ? 
  failing that , just pronounce them all like fs . 
  half the south east of the uk do out of laziness anyway . 
  `` ve smiffs '' . 
  i still do n't quite get it . 
  i think they use it to mean someone weak who blindly follows what another person says - ironic as it mainly comes from trump supporters . 
  the problem i find is i have n't heard enough in enough quantity to recognise them as different accents in terms of region rather than the way a certain person speaks . 
  for example i recognise all irish accents as irish , i know there are regional accents there but i could n't tell you which was which ( apart from nothern ireland ) . 
  if someone pointed out the differences , i am sure i could do it easily however . 
  scots itself could be classed as a separate language . 
  many people there might change their speech depending on who they are talking to however , so it could change from standard english into something completely unintelligible . 
  i once looked up a list of british phrases not known in the us , i was surprised how many there were . 
  if i went there people probably would think i was mad as a box of frogs . 
  it is quite subtle too , it does n't offend the person who offers you something - you ca n't help it , it just is n't suited to your tastes . 
  that 's a bit old fashioned here . 
  not the fag bit , that is very common for cigarettes , but `` bum '' to borrow something . 
  oddly because it is more associated with arses and the act of bumming someone . 
  fag somehow is still ok . 
  it is all dad or uncle names in their shortened form , basically . 
  i tried to complain about some food in a restaurant and a waiter quite openly said `` so what , you are tourists '' . 
  i have good memories of a roadtrip around brittany as a kid food-wise , but i was about 7 so i was very happy with ham and frites . 
  it is edgy americans seeing terror attacks or migrants and finding `` clever '' ways of getting people to defend it somehow . 
  they tend to fail miserably . 
  funny as try the same with them and mass shootings , illegal immigration or issues america faces in the news and they 'd get incredibly defensive and dismissive indeed . 
  something like frank , or a name i would associate with an ageing east end hard man . 
  pete , phil , greg . 
  names like tyson or buster do n't count , they sound like dogs ' names . 
  good to know . 
  in barcelona even places just off las ramblas were very good , i could n't say the same for anywhere in paris i wandered into . 
  the tone of it alone strongly suggests it is at the least massively embellished , if not 90 % utter bullshit . 
  pretty depressing really . 
  chips in britain are * not * fries . 
  they are fat and less crispy . 
  i 'd take those over fries any day . 
  i have been known to get a burger then stop at a chippy for a portion of chips on the way home to have with it . 
  i am not irish but lived throughout the regular threat of car bombs . 
  it would probably be more the northern irish offended i suspect . 
  i find it a bit weird and ignorant , imagine a drink named after 9/11 or school shootings for example . 
  it is n't exactly light hearted !, 
  a `` kev '' used to be a word for the same person you describe . 
  it has died out because no one calls their kid kevin any more . 
  italy or spain for me . 
  france i was disappointed , although their fine cuisine is possibly the best in the world . 
  what i ate in pavement cafes was n't brilliant . 
  pushing in a queue . 
  which is a shame , as more often than not it makes life more awkward as the next people feel they have to rush through if they are some way off . 
  it should be up to the next people to work out where they are and either step forward or hold back rather than expect the door to be held open . 
  well i find it depends . 
  americans generally who make it to smaller cities are generally open minded types . 
  ones who step off a coach in london just to look at buckingham palace and loudly talk about it , not so much . 
  same with brits i have seen in the us - i have been ashamed by the idiotic things some of my countrymen were doing in disneyland . 
  same of course for kids going out to magaluf and getting drunk . 
  well , some did . 
  and they were spanish . 
  rather like some brits might add mustard to a shepherds pie . 
  it is wrong , but they might do it . 
  that is what people would recognise it as , and it was n't his attempt at claiming the authentic recipe . 
  that was odd as it has always been his `` thing '' to tweak recipes . 
  italian , spanish , english food alike . 
  brits simply do n't care if it is n't exactly authentic , and that is his target audience . 
  if some spanish chef added cumberland sausage to a roast dinner or a cornish pasty ( kind of an equivalent ) i would n't give a shit . 
  especially as many spanish people came out and said they add chorizo anyway !, 
  i played rugby `` properly '' in school , and 5 a side football quite often , but recently basically nothing . 
  casually everyone will play football at some point though , as all you need is a ball . 
  say at a park or beach . 
  we consider ourselves european , but if we said `` europe '' we would naturally assume we mean `` mainland europe '' . 
  which gets confusing . 
  living in or having vague roots in a certain part of eurasia with vague borders . 
  that is pretty much it . 
  the christmas number one single is quite a big deal , i am not entirely sure why . 
  it has been overtaken by charity singles , gimmicks or x factor winners though . 
  this is really weird as no one in the uk knows what it is . 
  i 'd say rugby is bigger in wales in terms of all round interest , the international football team can barely fill cardiff city 's ground for competitive matches . 
  the rugby team can do a good job filling the millennium stadium ( a good 70,000 ) for a friendly , pack it out for 6 nations games every year . 
  it certainly packs the pubs too . 
  club rugby not so much , but i do know more people playing it at an amateur level than football . 
  but then if you look into viewing figures all round for premiership games , plus teams like cardiff & swansea it might tip the balance . 
  it is just kind of accepted , and tends to come out with your pay . 
  only self employed people would have to `` file taxes '' which americans seem to often talk about . 
  i have noticed it seems to be broken down a lot more in america , so you know exactly where taxes go . 
  there are a lot of exceptions that can be written off , it is very complicated . 
  so maybe people here are ok as it all just goes into a big pot without you ever touching it , then you get schools , hospitals , fire service , roads etc etc with it . 
  rugby and cricket players ( including things like sponsorship and endorsements ) could probably top 1 million . 
  association football is still the official name . 
  soccer was a peculiar form of slang in ( very upper class ) british private schools , why it took off in america i am not sure . 
  it is only used in a slightly sarcastic way here . 
   i do n't care about multiculturalism , as long as people integrate . 
  i often hear this , but can i ask why ?
