  despite their gun laws not being comparable at all . 
  it is n't a free for all that american conservatives suggest it is . 
  that is n't so much urban planning as the cities being around for centuries before cars , and them being closely packed as a result . 
  if you could n't walk , you would n't be able to get around at all . 
  you put your thumb in , it takes the little banana anus out and the weird stringy bits do n't get in your way . 
  if i am going inside to get a few things then i do n't bother to take my shoes off . 
  i usually do around other people 's houses but take my cue from what they are doing . 
  people are quite relaxed about it really , the streets are n't * that * filthy , in many ways i 'd rather have their shoes on my furniture than their stinky feet . 
  i would love to see any of our islands and remote settlements , even places as close as scilly or the channel islands fascinate me . 
  the idea of going to a small island in the middle of nowhere which still has british format number plates , red phone boxes , proper pubs and sunday dinners - great . 
  this now mainly applies to small towns thankfully , in cities you have to be good or you die out . 
  unless you are a tourist trap . 
  can we have predictably good small local restaurants and cafes please ? 
  like you have in france , spain and italy ( and elsewhere i am sure ) . 
  we have some amazing food but you really have to search for it , go into a pavement cafe here and you can expect greasy food cooked from frozen served without a smile . 
  i would put it differently . 
  i like that summer heat , but when it is predicable and not for a long period of time . 
  if we could guarantee a month of beautiful weather , then back to normal that would be great . 
  same with a week of snow in winter . 
  instead we get rain at inconvenient times , the one weekend you plan a barbecue or go away in the uk . 
  we have this confusing system here where the postman can take it back to the sorting office where you wait a day to pick it up , or sometimes leaves it with a neighbour , sometimes behind your bin , or sometimes does n't even try to deliver and puts a note through the door . 
  i am always on edge when expecting a delivery ,, 
  the welsh flag is awesome . 
  i like the alternative where it is a flag of whales http://www.lookyou.co.uk/whales.13.10.1.jpg, 
  we used to have an answering machine in the house . 
  now it is more a virtual thing on mobiles , no one leaves messages as you can see someone has tried to call and they can send a text . 
  older people seem to leave messages though , annoying if you miss a call as you have to wait for them to leave the message then hang up . 
  then you have to wipe the message which says `` i tried calling but you did n't answer , i 'll try later '' . 
  nothing scary or even particularly large . 
  you occasionally get people reporting a poisonous one coming in via a crate of bananas . 
  there was a scare over these `` false widows '' which are increasing in number , they have quite a bite on them apparently . 
  i 've never been bitten by any spider ever , so am not particularly worried . 
  much of what he says is for shock value or from a position of ignorance . 
  he is not a politician , it is like listening to a drunk grandad at a family dinner table 's opinions on politics . 
  best off ignoring him . 
  and tv chefs alongside celsius for oven temperatures . 
  i have never seen an oven in f. 
  a quarter of a pound of ham , surely . 
  a quarter ounce would n't be very much !, 
  i have seen those cans , we have a local european supermarket !, 
  odd as we do n't have pint cans here that often , even though every pub serves beer in pints . 
  the cans do seem very large , even though you only get 68ml more . 
  i think our cups are different too . 
  which is silly as cups are a daft idea anyway . 
  it is pretty much the same in the uk really , the local `` yard '' could differ between towns or different industries . 
  it was only over time that it all got standardised , which led to the imperial system and the related american system of today . 
  i just imagine this poor cup getting filled with flour , then butter , then milk , then something else . 
  cups of flour - meh . 
  cups of mushrooms - wtf ? 
  do i chop them then wedge them in , or what ? 
  it is always interesting getting measured or weighed at the doctors , they do it in metric , then actually tell me in imperial . 
  same after having kids too , how many grams they weighed at birth means nothing to me , i need pounds and ounces !, 
  other measurements i am ok switching , say measuring liquids or weight of shopping items . 
  milk is for traditional reasons , corner shops often do 500ml bottles ( probably makes it cheaper too ) . 
  beer has to be sold in pints in glasses in pubs , road signs has to be in miles . 
  i think they are the only two things that legally are imperial . 
  very common in the uk . 
  road signs are in miles , beer and milk are in pints , you 'd often buy your meat and potatoes in pounds , weigh yourself in stone , height in feet and inches . 
  dying out a bit maybe with the younger generation as anything official would either be metric or both . 
  metric is taught in schools for science too , so imperial lives on in everyday speech and not a lot else . 
  americans do use it differently i have noticed . 
  weight is just in pounds , not stone and pounds . 
  similarly distances can be in hundreds of feet - we 'd tend to switch to yards unless it was a short distance . 
  we use litres for petrol , but still refer to miles per gallon . 
  fahrenheit has gone really , that is just nuts . 
  i wonder if small countries play a part ? 
  homosexuality was * illegal * in the 60s in the uk , now we have legal gay marriage and i know of no one who opposed it , let alone people being gay in the first place . 
  ideas spread quickly maybe ? 
  surely something as simple as freddie mercury in the uk would be all that was needed to take being gay out of the taboo . 
  walking , or bike . 
  i like maps and geography , plus i have visited the states so i know * of * all the states , maybe by name only . 
  unusual really , i could barely name the various states of european countries . 
  sometimes i come across scottish counties i have never heard of , but they are smaller . 
  depends on the parents . 
  i swear like a docker but have never done so with my parents . 
  some of my friends do regularly , i noticed it creeping in around high school - so 11 or 12 . 
  i do n't swear in front of my kids , i will probably do so when they are older though . 
  the crown would need to go to charles . 
  actual royal duties can be more focussed on william and harry though , as the public actually like them . 
  the queen is going to live forever though , of course . 
  not as such . 
  the queen 's husband phillip is not called king . 
  chocolate is n't good at all . 
  also a baffling amount of them seem to contain peanut butter . 
  known for his ridiculous hair , his pompous nature and being a `` businessman '' . 
  rather like jerry springer , a chat show often involving cheating husbands , lie detector tests and the general dregs of society . 
  that would morph into `` vat '' . 
  there are indeed two th sounds , icelandic gets round that with two different letters , which is helpful . 
  instinctively no , but they do n't seem difficult with practice . 
  it is similar to the ll sound in welsh , once you are shown how to position your tongue in your mouth you can do it . 
  or ch in scots , they do n't exist in english . 
  cardiff is more nuts than most , i have to say . 
  bristol seems like an oasis of calm , comparatively speaking . 
  part of the problem is everyone piled out at 2am onto a single road full of chip shops . 
  nope . 
  i think i have seen it on calendars but never seen it mentioned or otherwise celebrated . 
  we are all a bit holidayed out . 
  yesterday was the last day to leave christmas decorations up , that may be linked ? 
  it is only considered a dialect as there are no speakers who just use scots . 
  in its purest form it is quite different to english .
