  hunting is for the upper classes or for sport mostly . 
  deer , pheasant etc. 
  never been interested . 
  fishing is often for fun rather than eating , i 'd only ever do sea fishing and actually eat my catch if i did do it . 
  they are taking a step back though . 
  more guns in circulation for `` self defence '' theoretically means more available to be used to commit crimes . 
  that is all they care about . 
  drugs can be similar . 
  my point is that the idea good guys wo n't do something illegal and bad guys automatically will without hesitation is n't as cut and dried as that . 
  good guys should n't want to own illegal drugs using that logic , or download films for free , but they do . 
  same . 
  it is n't like there is a good guy camp and a bad guy camp , there is a grey area in the middle . 
  if someone is considering arming themselves to commit a crime and it is perfectly legal to do so , this is better than them having to somehow find their way through a criminal underworld to purchase one . 
  surely if the bad guys find it so simple to get a gun , why ca n't good guys do it too ? 
  it will have at least * some * deterrent effect on the would-be bad guy . 
  the most determined would n't be put off by any law , but we still have them . 
  none that i am aware of , if they do exist they would have only a few candidates and get a tiny amount of votes . 
  his name adorns many things in bristol , controversial due to links to the slave trade . 
  cardiff has a boulevard de nantes , but that is a twin town i believe . 
  bristol has a lot of places named john cabot , who of course was the venetian giovanni caboto . 
  i hope so , i get * very * confused when people talk about mars the planet , i think they are talking about the chocolate bar !!, 
  some of the islands around the uk and even some of the dependencies and overseas territories . 
  so places like the scilly islands , mann , jersey , sark , scottish islands , st helena , falkland . 
  especially the smaller ones . 
  i like the idea of the whole place being walkable and surrounded by sea . 
  plus some quirks like everything being `` british '' but unique in its own way . 
  it is really dull . 
  the kind of channel which shows international weightlifting for 4 hours , then a minor tennis match for 3 , then figure skating for 6 . 
  most of them drive on the wrong side of the road , and are separated by water . 
  i would love to just set off on a roadtrip across europe , but i 'd need to get a ferry or the channel tunnel , then adapt to the other side of the road . 
  it is too much work . 
  i kind of envy people who could set off driving and ( theoretically ) get all the way to china if they wanted to . 
  a lot of people do homebrewing , you can get kits to make beer at home , i know of a couple of supply stores to buy barrels and yeast etc. 
  same with cider , i know people who get permission to pick up windfall apples from fruit farms to make into cider . 
  actual moonshine i have never heard of . 
  people in prison make a crude homebrew in plastic bags adding chewed up bread and orange juice . 
  two tone , 2 step is something different ( related to garage i think ) , or the second wave of ska . 
  the specials were from coventry but had jamaican members , doing covers of jamaican ska and rocksteady songs . 
  not sure , seems a stretch to call it a british genre really unless you go into specifics . 
  the third wave of ska was heavily an american based thing too . 
  there are american `` irish '' bands like the dropkick murphys , but the pogues are the real deal , they are either irish by birth or first generation immigrants to the uk . 
  ska comes from the uk ? 
  jamaica might want a word . 
  it is weird when you see tourists take pictures of red telephone boxes or postboxes . 
  we do n't even think about them . 
  i really meant the worst aspects of british cooking - overcooked root vegetables , tasteless meat stews . 
  they had little else . 
  haggis is quite creative in a way , it is literally the entire inside of a sheep - lungs and all - but with added oats and spices . 
  i would n't say it is popular outside being a scottish tradition . 
  black pudding is just with a breakfast ( and i suspect many do n't even know it is made with blood , they just taste like sausages ) , bangers & mash is just awesome . 
  fish and chips would have been very cheap food as we are surrounded by the sea and potatoes grow well . 
  now we have a very eclectic mix of foods , most people probably eat a different cuisine every day . 
  they are n't eaten every day though , they are associated with old people . 
  i think the stereotype of british food is a bit outdated , due to being an island in ww2 , rationing really screwed up what people had to eat . 
  it is a slim majority , and the protestants did treat the catholic population poorly many years ago . 
  fair to say it is a troubled history , i am glad there is some form of peace now . 
  i literally have over 2000 albums , i 'd happily go and see several hundred of those if they toured here . 
  only possibly if you like a handful of bands . 
  which is fine , but a lot of people like a very broad range . 
  i use last fm events for where i am now https://www.last.fm/events but you can search by place , even setting a radius for venues outside the area . 
  difficult to search every band who might be in europe at any time ... 
  not really , no . 
  it does have a lot of flags . 
  a lot of pubs do have a lot of `` stuff '' inside them though . 
  ornaments , books etc. 
  i can only think of churchill to be honest . 
  making grandiose speeches is n't a huge thing really , war being a special case . 
  i 'd avoid the very centre of london , it will be expensive and noisy . 
  north london is better then south in my opinion , somewhere like camden where there are restaurants and things to see locally , but easy to get around by tube . 
  [ this ] ( https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/05/10/fc/7f/cambridge-arms.jpg ) used to be my local . 
  [ one of my favourites too ] ( https://media.timeout.com/images/102921737/630/472/image.jpg ), 
  a cornish pasty . 
  has to be a proper one , from cornwall . 
  they are all basically the same , adding in some regional differences . 
  in wales they can have cockles and laverbread for example . 
  yanks maybe . 
  or `` septics '' in cockney rhyming slang . 
  i distinctly remember those onion sellers coming to my parents ' house in wales by bicycle . 
  we spoke in english however , not that much needed to be said . 
  it can be quite amusing how they cling to this idea . 
  yes they were `` free '' when the nation was founded hundreds of years ago . 
  yes they were the biggest opponent of communist countries . 
  but they are no more special than any other western country these days , and have many problems and lack of freedoms that other countries do n't have . 
  but you can own a gun and shout `` god hates fags '' at mourners at funerals i suppose , which they see as a positive . 
  it is fascinating travelling to cornwall and brittany and looking at the placenames . 
  i can easily translate a lot of the words . 
  oh you are right , i am deluded . 
  reddit is 99 % of one thing and 100 % of another . 
  silly me , my personal experiences with actual swedish people here and online i shall throw out of the window . 
  thanks for showing me the light !, 
  due to a lot of very bad construction post ww2 , people are a bit wary . 
  beautiful old terraces demolished and concrete monstrosities built in their place , themselves often since demolished . 
  there are often laws on how high a building can be and what views it can block out . 
  we often have odd crisp flavours . 
  they are just a gimmick , they all basically taste the same !, 
  special editions like a full english breakfast , chicken tikka masala , onion bhaji etc. 
  some people find prawn cocktail or worcester sauce to be odd flavours but they are quite normal here . 
  ketchup , mayo and mild mustard in varying amounts . 
  i have never heard a swedish person boasting in that way , especially about them somehow being socialist . 
  americans on the other hand , they * do * like to talk about how wonderful america is ...
