  the phonetics under that sign are a little bit off , i must say . 
  i do remember getting a few things said about rugby abroad when explained i am from wales . 
  we seemed to get accepted a bit more in france than english people too . 
  it is disappointing as obama was a likeable statesman and representative of his country , which is pretty much all foreign countries want from any president anywhere . 
  residents of the country tend to want more of course , and although americans like a small government and less interference they do seem to focus a lot of blame on a single person . 
  i see it as a product of a lot of rage and a weak field of candidates rather than some innate problem with americans . 
  we did vote brexit here after all , and brits are n't all dicks . 
  you can usually get the 2l bottles of pepsi for # 1 in my local shop , but more reliably for around # 1.50 - # 2 . 
  odd as the 500ml ones are usually over # 1 , but people want that for convenience . 
  there was a new tower built in the centre of bristol which ended up having to have some light blue colour scheme so it did n't appear too tall or dominating . 
  a bit late considering some of the monstrosities bristol has built post-war . 
  it is n't an issue here really . 
  there are a lot of people of mixed heritage , they tend to be seen as british unless they have an obvious accent or different clothing . 
  the florida one is very bright , everyone is very happy , everything is * perfect * . 
  the paris one is a bit more ... french . 
  i did read about an elderly man in the uk who criss crossed the country just using his free bus pass and local buses . 
  you could do it here , every town would have some form of bus ( even if it is once a day and very awkward ) and as places are so close together you can hop between towns and cities . 
  it would be very slow though , and you risk being stranded !, 
  i could n't speak for getting across europe , i presume borders would be a problem . 
  i work with two young religious people who are friends , i know of a single friend who goes to church . 
  it was a bit weird , i had no idea then i saw a load of crosses and christian phrases on her facebook page . 
  growing up there were 2-3 families deeply into it in my school . 
  not very religious here , no . 
  they are all the happy clappy love thy neighbour style ones too , like that mormon kid in south park . 
  not ramming it down anyone 's throat . 
  being mainly slogans , crazy statements and over-simplified rhetoric repeated multiple times . 
  any opposition is disregarded as a conspiracy , or the whining of some kind of organised pc brigade , even if it is backed up with facts and evidence . 
  going more on feeling and emotion than sense . 
  also a feeling that they want to `` send a message '' or tear down some established order , even if there is no clear plan of what it will be replaced with . 
  situations which are often spoken about , but close to zero . 
  if it is your own body then perhaps . 
  if you are telling other people what to do , especially in the very early days - not so much . 
  pro choice , it is n't a major issue in this country to be honest . 
  reasonably easy access to things like contraception , the morning after pill and abortions . 
  there is a lot less hysteria too , it is just part of the general women 's health system and is quite rational - no protests outside `` abortion clinics '' who assume they are all terminating 24 week old foetuses . 
  hmm , i bet therefore you feel you are automatically better than a lot of people therefore based on some kind of average . 
  that probably gives you some kind of comfort at least in your shitty life . 
  deporting illegal migrants who end up in jail i thought was n't a major sticking point , it is automatic here , and automatic for foreign criminals over a set sentence length . 
  the problem occurs if you ca n't determine where they are from , the country wo n't accept them , or the country is complicit in torture or human rights abuses . 
  you do n't want to deport someone to a potential death over an unpaid parking fine after they have been in the country for 10 years and have kids here . 
  that is where it gets complicated . 
  i just call it the v sign . 
  not a serious insult like the middle finger , more a sign of mockery . 
  cheeky kids would do it . 
  but it is an insult , yes . 
  in all of the uk ( and i presume ireland ? 
  i had no idea this was even a stereotype . 
  until recently i suppose the default would have been a bath in people 's houses , so maybe people did n't shower but had a bath instead . 
  every day , no . 
  maybe if we are on holiday , but it would be more of a brunch . 
  i am sure some people might have a scaled down version most days , like a bacon butty or a fried egg on toast . 
  that flemish lady almost sounds scottish to me . 
  the second link is more germanic , but i do n't know how much is down to the individual person . 
  welsh , french , german , dutch , italian and spanish - yes . 
  partly by accent and partly as we are used to them speaking english . 
  portuguese has its own sounds that i can pick out . 
  scandinavian languages would sound very similar but i would know roughly the area . 
  a lot of eastern european languages sound similar to me which would take some time to pinpoint , if at all . 
  i personally love starting a recipe by smushing butter into a cup , then scooping it out , then leaving it to soak in soapy water for a week to get it all out . 
  i buy massive bags and can be weird and wonderful shapes . 
  i know 75g is a portion . 
  if feeding a lot of people then i bung a whole or half a bag in . 
  i 'd say it is in most kitchens , even those which are n't well stocked . 
  they are small and do n't have to be fancy , a plastic mechanical one is less than # 5 . 
  american recipes all seem to use cups , which is fine for fairly straightforward dry items like flour or sugar , but gets a bit weird when you are working out parsely or butter , and it does n't account for how much space is left or how aerated what you are measuring is . 
  i also have visions of some really manky old cups and trying to scoop oily floury parsely out of them at the end . 
  with scales you just measure straight into whatever bowl you are using . 
  cups are an actul measurement , if needed i use the markings on the side of a measuring jug as i have no idea if my `` cups '' i drink out of are standard or not . 
  there can be a subtle difference though , which is what makes english such a rich language . 
  a door is just a door , an entrance suggests something grander , like an entrance to a large building . 
  an ingress is something smaller , perhaps secret . 
  a portal has almost a magical quality , like a portal to another world . 
  fell for it in the end , if not in votes in the beginning . 
  i know people do it , i just have no idea why . 
  i hear some awful things said about all sorts of parties , it does n't drive me to vote for them !, 
  if people deliberately align themselves with ( or make excuses for ) someone with those views , you ca n't really blame people for making assumptions . 
  an `` anyone but hillary '' vote is a different matter . 
  what i do n't understand is the mentality of `` call me a racist and a sexist ? 
  i 'll show you , i 'll vote for one ! '' . 
  it seems to prove those on the opposition right and put your country down the toilet rather than teach them a lesson . 
  in germany everyone fell for it , that is the difference . 
  if anything trump supporters in the us are the minority ( didnt hillary win the popular vote in total ? 
  any around half did n't vote at all ) . 
  so it would n't lead to a fascist dictatorship , it could lead to some kind of civil war or a breakup of the country . 
  at worst . 
  give it 4 years and 4 years of trump running out of excuses and scapegoats , i suspect he 'll be gone . 
  he already looks pretty sheepish and apologetic . 
  i am aware most americans either did n't vote for him or did n't vote at all , but it does play into the hands of some american stereotypes . 
  soundbites over substance , and voting in a celebrity rather than a politician ( no matter how bad they may be ) . 
  some even saw him being a celebrity with no political experience as a * good * thing !, 
  i enjoyed the baths , it would be great in a steaming hot spa when it is freezing cold outside . 
  it was the szechenyi baths i went to . 
  a day and a half is n't long , so you 'd probably want to just have a nice walk by the river , see castle hill , see some shops , cafes , bars and sample some local food and little else though . 
  crisp sandwiches are great . 
  we 'll put anything in a sandwich though , fish fingers are good too . 
  it ruins people 's careers because we see it as a big joke instead of a serious competition . 
  the first thing we think of is cheesy 70s and 80s acts , or bizarre performances from eastern european countries . 
  voting is n't exactly done on who is the best though , it is nearby countries voting for each other . 
  yes , at least they did n't win that one !, 
  it is a sign of how things can escalate i suppose , so much time and effort is put into something so minor that it causes them financial problems and associated distress ( of their own making , but still ) so they have to keep pursuing it .
