  it remains a stronghold only in the old and immigrants . 
  even those religious it does n't tend to be too overbearing . 
  i recently by chance got in contact with the guy who lived there before ww2 , his parents bought it when it was new for about # 200 . 
  you could put three more zeroes on the end of that now . 
  i used to live in a flat which was part of a building built pre-1900 , sadly turning these buildings into multiple occupancy can take away a lot of original features but quite an impressive fireplace and ceiling cornicing remained . 
  a lot of old buildings are churches or official buildings , i walk past [ st james priory ] ( http://www.stjamespriory.org.uk/history ) every day which is from the 1100s apparently , but i do n't tend to step foot in them . 
  i noticed this when i visited barcelona early one spring . 
  to me it was lovely hot weather but the locals were wearing coats . 
  i realised however when the sun hid behind the clouds or when it got into the evening that it really cooled down , then i wish i had taken a coat out with me . 
  i think that is the difference . 
  there are places like tgi fridays , but i think they have them in america too . 
  you see the odd `` diner '' often with a 50s theme or with american number plates and memorabilia stuck to the walls - some are good , some not so . 
  the whole bad teeth thing . 
  especially odd as we have a nationalised health service which includes ( not free , but heavily subsidised ) dental care . 
  maybe it is payback because our stereotype of american teeth is that they are bleached and way too big . 
  in bristol it could be the [ derelict sorting office ] ( http://s0.geograph.org.uk/geophotos/03/60/98/3609819_c33b8bff.jpg ) , which is particularly bad as it is the first thing people see when they arrive by train . 
  the best would probably be the [ clifton suspension bridge ] ( https://www.roughguides.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/5_img_5119-1575x1050.jpg ), 
  i think it has opened up a pretty interesting discussion actually . 
  there is often far more to a simple question than can be answered in a google search . 
  otherwise none of us would be in any / r/ask reddits at all . 
  i tried to look online for a recipe / technique for making a simple beef bone broth . 
  all i got were hipster websites and health food bs about cooking bones for 72 hours and how a cup a day will cure all your health problems . 
   `` if they 're going to insult their tourists , fine , i 'll spend my money elsewhere . '', 
  it is n't the tourists who are getting the attacks though , it is people living here . 
  it depends where , i have been going to pubs in the uk since i was about 16 , there are so many corner shops selling booze that * somewhere * will serve you . 
  large supermarkets usually ask for id for anyone who looks under 25 . 
  when i was on a school rugby trip as a kid we went to italy and i got served for beer and cigarettes . 
  i was 13 . 
  being foreign should work in your favour , most places do have some common sense . 
  although once you are 18 ca n't you just use your passport as id ? 
  a lot of europe the age is lower too . 
  it is meant to taste very strongly of blackcurrants . 
  sounds like you are diluting it too much . 
  it is a very good way of using up an otherwise pretty awful fruit , something like 95 % of the country 's blackcurrants go into making it . 
  i would find it very hard to believe that americans assume thanksgiving is celebrated elsewhere . 
  it is tied into a whole specifically american backstory that every kid would be taught . 
  it is rather like guy fawkes ' night here , why would anyone else have fireworks to celebrate someone trying to blow up the british parliament ? 
  that is fine , but calling the uk `` england '' is like calling the usa `` texas '' . 
  referring to her as the `` queen of england '' is a good one . 
  the uk subs often get asked about roadtrip itineraries which seem to involve driving to 2-3 towns or cities a day for a couple of weeks . 
  it is a small country but the road network is very congested , that would be either impossible or utterly exhausting and expensive . 
  questions about the metric system why we usually use manual gears on cars do we really have a cooked breakfast every day how often do we drink tea what we think of americans in general i would say though these are n't necessarily ignorant , they just seem to be very frequently asked . 
  i have genuinely had americans tell me that if the jews in germany had better access to guns , the holocaust would n't have happened . 
  it is that level of delusion . 
  i have noticed there is a cultural thing where they want to shoot burglars to protect their property and posessions rather than necessarily protect themselves from harm . 
  i do n't think that translates well here , legally you ca n't kill someone unless your life is in direct danger . 
  you ca n't sneak up and shoot someone trying to nick your tv for example . 
  there also is n't this idea of home burglaries being so common as in the us , i do n't know how the stats compare . 
  i go for a secure home rather than trying to get them out once they have entered . 
  criminals do n't tend to stick around once the homeowner makes their presence known anyway . 
  all in all it just seems like they are protecting themselves from a very unlikely scenario , where a gun may not help them anyway . 
  that is the key really , once it reaches a tipping point where anyone and everyone has a gun , you end up wanting one yourself for protection ( and hence perpetuate the problem ) . 
  what i do n't understand is the apparent thrill of owning , collecting and firing them for fun . 
  i have done some shooting , it is incredibly dull . 
  more dull than both fishing and golf in fact . 
   americans will always mention the movie sound of music to me , while literally nobody in austria has seen that film - we have n't even heard of it . 
  really ? 
  that is quite interesting as it is the first thing that springs into a lot of people 's minds . 
  i suppose musicals do n't translate too well , plus there is some nazi stuff thrown in too . 
  the bbc is independent . 
  often quite anti-government in fact ( or at least holds them to account and does n't give them an easy ride ) . 
  for me all of the interesting `` stories '' of the competition have died out - the romance of wales and iceland going so far - so i do n't really mind . 
  france should win it , i would probably prefer them as ronaldo is a dick and i do n't feel portugal 's performances so far have warranted a place in the final . 
  it is n't really an issue in the uk , most migrated here from the carribean or africa from the 50s onwards and settled in reasonably well . 
  there were of course racist dicks ( and still are ) but most of the racism now is directed towards the asian community and more recent migrants . 
  in the us the divide is a bit more entrenched due to african americans being descended from slaves and an effective apartheid operating within living memory . 
  no , the country in question has to invoke it . 
  the referendum was non-binding so ( in theory ) the government could ignore it anyway . 
  labour and their supporters tended to be pro-remain but corbyn was either deemed to be secretly pro-leave , or at best a reluctant pro-remain who it was felt did n't put his heart into it . 
  a general election being called is n't too remote a possibility . 
  depends what you mean by a chavvy area . 
  the places that spring to mind tend to be forgotten sink estates , often around the outskirts of a city . 
  you 'd be unlikely to go anywhere near them . 
  cashpoint , cash machine , atm , hole in the wall . 
  probably in that order of popularity . 
  i like to stick it all on a baking tray in the oven for a few minutes , crisp it all back up again . 
  the shame . 
  those few perfect days in the summer where the weather is good , it is a long weekend , and everyone is happy and having barbeques and going to the park . 
  it is a good way of getting a full day 's worth of calories into a small , convenient and tasty snack that is for sure . 
  anything from a dirty chippy - chips & curry sauce , chips cheese and gravy , chip butty . 
  the tradition of going out for a curry after the pubs have closed seems to be dying out sadly . 
  that is more a meal in itself or a takeaway to have in front of the tv . 
  fish and chips is more civilised too . 
  although the uk has a state religion , and the queen is the head , it is dying out in day to day life . 
  we used to have a religious assembly in school , said grace before dinner , but i always thought of it really as a fairy tale . 
  they hold very little sway over politics , religion was n't a major hindrance to gay marriage , abortion is pretty much set as legal without any interference . 
  the only church people i know are the ned flanders style of overly happy clappy people . 
  that and very old people who use it as a social club . 
  note it is different in northern ireland . 
  shotguns are used by farmers and hunters , there is n't any call for those to be banned . 
  handguns were banned after the dunblane massacre with barely a murmur of protest , a whole class of 5 year olds had just been killed after all and there is little in the way of handgun culture in the uk . 
  gun clubs still exist if people want to shoot ( the guns are kept there iirc ) and genuine uses like pest control it is ok under heavy restrictions . 
  people do not generally support regularly armed police on the street as it would only encourage more criminals to carry them , there are weapons teams who can be deployed rapidly if there is a problem . 
  i know the situation here is quite different to the us , so if any outraged americans ( again ... ) want to have a gun control debate and how i am a `` cuck '' or an `` ostrich '' or something like before , i am not particularly interested thanks !, 
  parking is very tight in the uk , narrow streets can mean parking half on the pavement at times and people finding a space wherever they can . 
  a lot of people are paving over their front gardens to get somewhere to park , especially terraced streets near city centres . 
  a narrow street in [ bristol ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@51.4680393,-2.5840001,3a,75y,227.77h,69t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1slde-l9vl09mtcbtfsdidiw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 ) driving is actually generally quite polite compared to the continent , people do generally let others out ( eventually anyway ) and they stop for pedestrians . 
  i got a bit of a shock in spain when i had to dodge cars on a zebra crossing . 
  pretty much nobody makes either of these at home , certainly `` proper '' fish and chips - you need a large deep fryer for that . 
  so they are both portable takeaway meals really .
