  otherwise places could serve a `` pint '' and it be out . 
  it is a pint for traditional reasons , 500ml is n't quite the same . 
  bet that works a treat . 
  might want to avoid touching any bare metal part though . 
   but i enjoyed my $ 6/hour . 
  that is why they do n't have them in aldi - they want to cut this out . 
  i did n't realise in america they also took them out to your car for you . 
  seems a bit ... odd . 
  i can do this myself , i want to put it in the right order and in the right place !, 
  i presume i 'd have to tip too . 
  elderly people would ask for that here , but not as a normal expected service . 
  do they cost that much ? 
  it is a bit pointless as people can still take them , anything the right size and shape will work , it is mainly to stop them being left all over the supermarket or people who live nearby to push them home . 
  they are similar to ones i have seen on mainland europe , but they have their own feel compared to british supermarkets . 
  the coin in the trolley is to save employing someone to collect them - they are self returning . 
  plus cuts down on thefts , which may or may not be a thing in the us . 
  the main chains here like asda or tesco have a wider range , things are put on shelves rather than out in the open and have a warmer feel to them . 
  we do n't tend to have baggers at all . 
  i have held a little pellet / bb gun type thing as a kid , bought illicitly . 
  we would probably have been in big trouble then , insane trouble now . 
  and a paintball gun in an actual paintball place . 
  neither were that fun really , i do n't get the attraction . 
  i ca n't help thinking they would n't be that great for personal protection either . 
  there is no major party who wants to open up gun laws , no public support , they even had to get special authority from the government to have shooting competitions allowed for the olympics . 
  the competitors train somewhere with different laws - the island of guernsey possibly . 
  yes . 
  caravans can be from the small to the large . 
  same with mobile homes . 
  they do n't tend to be as massive as in the us as our country roads can be very narrow , even in popular holiday areas . 
  people can use them for holidays , they tow them to caravan parks where they can hook up with electric and can dispose of the toilet waste etc. 
  people live in them too , generally members of the travelling community - irish travellers , roma , new age travellers etc. 
  causes some consternation as they can park up on playing fields as there are few legal places they can pitch up . 
  there are static caravans too , which can not be towed and are more like small cheap holiday cottages . 
  they make it all the way across to cornwall in england , i remember seeing three dutch numberplates in a row on a country road . 
  quite impressive really , i doubt you even see scottish people down there regularly . 
  [ christmas pudding ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christmas_pudding ) a big , stodgy steamed spiced pudding . 
  often theatrically set on fire after pouring brandy on top . 
  also : christmas cake mince pies all fairly similar - containing mixed dried fruits , raisins , and containing cloves , cinnamon and such spices . 
  mince pies * apparently * used to contain actual minced meat , but i have never seen one !, 
  i would n't . 
  the word bathroom for a public toilet just confused me , as they never contain actual baths . 
  in the home i thought , but they often have baths in them . 
  i thought they might mean public swimming pools or something . 
  do you mean toilets rather than places you have a bath ? 
  i have seen them in various clubs and bars . 
  they just have a lot of cubicles and are a bit more open plan . 
  no urinals . 
  nothing more depressing than a whinging brummie . 
  when they are happy though , no problem . 
  probably the other countries in the uk , plus ireland . 
  see the an englishman , an irishman and a scotsman walk into the bar type jokes , plus wales and their fondness of sheep , scottish people being tight and not eating vegetables etc. 
  the more condescending irish jokes are n't too pc any more though . 
  other than that , in order : germany . 
  strict , lacking humour , the war etc. 
  france - frogs , onions , berets , hairy women etc. 
  belgium - boring netherlands - stoners , the accent no offence intended , this is all terrible stereotypes ... 
  yep . 
  i know i 'd rather risk not being attended to promptly over a waitress checking on me every 30 seconds . 
  i 'd feel they were intruding or trying to push extra drinks ( and get a tip ) rather than a genuine concern in my meal . 
  the only thing i do want is a quick check about 2 minutes after the food has arrived . 
  and maybe a check if i am obviously out of a drink , but i tend to make sure i am set when the food arrives . 
  lots in the uk . 
  the lake distict , dartmoor , new forest , brecon beacons etc. 
  there are a lot of national paths too , and generally there is a `` right to roam '' across even private property for recreation . 
  there is a path going right around wales for example , and the whole south west of england . 
  it tends to be more critical about people vehemently opposed to immigration ( and their underlying reasons ) , rather than necessarily being strongly in favour of `` mass '' immigration . 
  pointing out the good side rather than any downsides . 
  cheese on toast , cheese and beans on toast , cheese on beans on cheese on toast etc. 
  or just toast . 
  bacon sandwich, 
  being just off the coast of france , it might have been a touch tricky !, 
  in certain areas , occasionally . 
  i go through the city centre and by the bus station most days , i see people rough sleeping and sitting with a cap but rarely do i get approached . 
  if i do , it is one of those clear scams - they just want to `` borrow '' my phone to make a quick call , that kind of thing ... 
  takeaway in theory would be chinese or indian ( we can exclude fish and chips as british , even if it was possibly started by an immigrant ) , but it could be pizza or kebabs too . 
  if burgers and kfc count then those too !, 
  there are a lot of kebab shops which do basically everything along those lines . 
  at home , probably pasta . 
  bangladeshi , generally speaking . 
  i think it counts as indian ( the subcontinent ) as even if it is n't authentic , it clearly is n't rooted in british cuisine . 
  true , i know my local is doing christmas dinner too . 
  i think the public does far more for the queen really , she has a rather nice house . 
  but yeah , as a public servant she does work her bollocks off . 
  some things might be specific to the uk . 
  christmas eve is often spent in the pub . 
  christmas day is presents first ( under the tree for children , from `` father christmas '' ) . 
  lunch is turkey or goose , roast potatoes , pigs in blankets , bread sauce , gravy , all the trimmings . 
  christmas pudding afterwards with brandy butter . 
  we pour whisky onto the pudding and set fire to it for an added effect . 
  then more drinking and merriment . 
  some tv that is often watched is the queen 's speech at 3pm , she sends out a christmas message and has done since the 50s . 
  the snowman is a film that is usually on , with the song `` walking in the air '' . 
  the day after is a public holiday also , called boxing day . 
  it came out of nowhere a few years ago , but it quickly turned into a joke . 
  we do n't have thanksgiving ( obviously ) so it is just a random friday where shops would do a handful of cut price items . 
  people would queue up at midnight , fight over a tv , and that would be the end of it . 
  it has been scaled back because of absurd scenes of crowds breaking doors open was probably bad for business generally . 
  coventry is often heralded as the ugliest city in the uk , mainly as it was heavily bombed then rebuilt on the cheap after the war . 
  the good thing about britain is that pretty much anywhere , no matter how awful , can be minutes away from beautiful scenery . 
  even concrete areas of london can have large beautiful parks very close to them .
