  normal stuff . 
  i do n't know what i would do in the office for 50 hours a week !, 
  nothing is that important . 
  it is such a rare thing , i have absolutely no idea why it is such an issue in america . 
  if someone is pre-op , there would be little issue in them going into either bathroom here . 
  a lot of places do have gender neutral bathrooms or changing areas just because it simplifies things . 
  i do n't see the major appeal personally . 
  i do n't want a burger overcooked , for me perfect is a bit of char on the outside and just perfectly juicy on the inside . 
  it looks like belly pork , but in bacon form . 
  i am not sure there is a name apart from `` unsliced bacon '' , it is the form butchers get it before they slice it into rashers . 
  0620 - wake up , get ready 0700 - get the bus ( if i have the car , i can leave later ) 0800 - start work 1200 - lunch , usually at my desk . 
  a sandwich or a bowl of leftovers from home - curry , chilli , stew . 
  1630 - leave work , get bus home 1730 - arrive home 1800 - bathe kids , put them to bed 1930 - eat dinner . 
  could be anything , pretty much every cuisine is popular here . 
  something traditional might be sausages and mash . 
  2200 - bed both children are under 5 , the oldest goes to preschool at the moment two days a week . 
  she will start primary school in september . 
  primary goes from 5-11 , then high school until 16 , college or some kind of apprenticeship / training afterwards . 
  entertainment - football , tv , walking , music i feel very safe in my city , even in places outsiders say are `` no go '' . 
  the kids are young but we try and get out as much as possible . 
  either in the garden or the local park or a walk around the woods . 
  sadly it rains a lot , but then they would visit friends and try and avoid hellish children 's soft play centres . 
  it is a small country , and most national parks almost make a living out of tourists or walkers . 
  you can get at least nearby by public transport , you wo n't have much trouble finding places to stay . 
  the only exception could be remote parts of scotland . 
  i have always been asked how i want a steak cooked , even dirty backstreet pubs . 
  on mainland europe i doubt they do anything but rare steaks . 
  rare burgers you do see in more hipster places , but most people find it a bit gross i suppose . 
  may be a leftover of the days when it was best to cook mince all the way through . 
  the classic brit abroad - assuming everyone speaks english , refusing to eat local food and acting like drunken idiots . 
  not always true , the good ones fade into the background and thankfully the worst offenders go to certain resorts like magaluf . 
  ha , it has been boiling here this week , hotter than ibiza ( apparently ) . 
  which for us is still only about 25 degrees ( 70 ish f ? ), 
  though . 
  for me it is sitting in a beer garden , which is a grassed area outside a pub with picnic tables . 
  i find an overwhelming desire to seek one out and sit there growing slowly pinker as the day goes on . 
  no food required , but even on the hottest day i 'd eat a roast dinner outside no problem . 
  otherwise maybe a barbeque , soft serve ice cream from a van . 
  ever heard of a drink called pimms ? 
  horrible but people make up jugs of the stuff , you add fruit and ice and springs of mint . 
  barbeques do indeed traditionally serve crap food in my experience . 
  in america or australia they seem to take it really seriously , have a gas range and do seafood or smoked cuts of meat . 
  here it is the cheapest sausages known to man , terrible burgers , and cooked within an inch of its life ( yet somehow still raw in the middle ) . 
  often done in a shoddy charcoal barbeque started with far too much lighter fluid to give a special tang . 
  it is more about the booze really , and an excuse to sit in the garden . 
  it would be ireland primarily , plus various nations in the anglosphere - aus , nz , canada , us . 
  then maybe south africa , jamaica ( plus various other west indian countries ) . 
  india would be somewhere in there too . 
  the closest in terms of europe would be the nearest countries - france , spain , holland , scandinavia . 
  i think of it less insulting than a `` fuck off '' . 
  it is more pisstaking really , same with the wanker wave . 
  especially if you wave it about a bit in front of someone . 
  he is a good statesman . 
  i have been reading in the tabloids about him meeting the queen and how prince george was allowed an extra 15 minutes before bed to meet the president ( ! ) . 
  george bush would have been far less well received . 
  he has a very good point about brexit , especially as many anti-eu campaigners bluster about how easy it would be to negotiate favourable trade deals - he basically said `` nope '' . 
  yes . 
  they have oddly long legs and can scamper across the road quite quickly . 
  not as spiky as you would think too . 
  it is n't a luxury , in some places public transport is almost non-existent . 
  in the middle of a big city it becomes pointless though as most things are walkable , public transport is everywhere , traffic is bad and parking is not possible or expensive . 
  my partner 's iphone has the default sat-nav voice as american , we leave it in as it is amusing to hear some of the quirky place names . 
  it means everything is also set to `` in 300 feet , turn left '' rather than using yards or metres though . 
  there are a ridiculous number of british accents , which changes by geography and even social class . 
  cardiff and newport are almost touching , and i can tell them apart . 
  go over the mountain to caerphilly and it is different again . 
  cross over the bridge to england and everyone has a farmer accent . 
  taking a long journey along a motorway or by train is interesting , every time you stop you encounter different accents . 
  there is a lot less discrimination than there used to be , you hear a range of accents on the tv rather than just `` bbc english '' . 
  some are even in demand , apparently geordies do well in call centres for friendliness . 
  otters , foxes , squirrels , rabbits , badgers , hedgehogs . 
  many of which i have only seen dead by the side of the road . 
  a few more - i have seen a snake once ( an adder presumably ) , pretty much dead . 
  two slow worms in my garden , which are really weird , they are legless lizards . 
  mice , rats , shews , voles . 
  some nice birds like kingfishers , swans , owls and falcons . 
  never seen it in the uk , aside from offices and shops . 
  our houses are primarily built to conserve heat , they are big on loft insulation and other energy saving measures . 
  which is great in the winter ( and even spring and autumn ) but it can be absolutely sweltering if we get a heatwave . 
  which is n't that often , so we cope fine just with a fan usually . 
  difficult to say , but a lot of prisoners ( themselves in for terrible crimes remember ) like to make a name for themselves by attacking high profile inmates . 
  either to bask in the glory of it or to make themselves feel better rather than genuinely wanting to do a decent thing . 
  the prison authorities take it * very * seriously though and would try and protect even the most despicable criminals and would be in deep trouble if they turned a blind eye . 
  there would be a serious investigation and potential criminal charges / compensation if they ignored it . 
  it is a big job , and it is fundamentally different to how our system works i suppose . 
  here the prime minister is the head of the party with the most mps . 
  they are a member of parliament just like any other , so you do n't directly elect them . 
  hence there is a small pool of potential leaders and it is often a clear choice ( the recent election of labour 's jeremy corbyn being a notable exception ) . 
  it is done internally to the party and its members without much fuss . 
  in the us it seems * anyone * can run for president - even tv celebrities !, 
  the news keeps trickling out information , it is * such * a long drawn out process . 
  in the uk the party leader elections are done very quickly rather than them visiting every ( county ? ), 
  and having `` rallies '' with thousands of adoring fans . 
  we normally have a vague interest but the race is between such incredible nutjobs it is morbidly fascinating . 
  donald trump would be a disaster for the us and world politics , the whole thing is playing out like a film or a reality tv show rather than sensible politics . 
  really you * need * someone dull who will just get stuff done rather than soundbites and a haircut . 
  everyone just calls it a 2x4 ( `` too-bee-for '' ) . 
  2 inches is 50.8 mm , so there is little in it . 
  in the uk we tend to have both , imperial for older things and metric for new . 
  it depends on the application though , plumbing as far as i am aware is all in inches .
