  this is pretty much our attitude to imperial generally - we use it where it either makes most sense or where it is too difficult to change . 
  yes , but you do n't have to answer , or you can put `` british '' no matter where your parents came from . 
  the uk and ireland do n't . 
  people could be protesting on the moon for all it matters , it is not like the people in charge in brussels are actually going to bump into people protesting . 
  mine has never been blocked , but i have been called ( while still in the car park of the shop ) that they have flagged up a suspicious transaction . 
  it was automated , and said to press 1 if it was ok , or hold to speak to someone . 
  you 'll find all sorts of interesting things to do in london , i would recommend walking as much as you can rather than being tempted to get the tube everywhere . 
  certainly in the central area , it is all surprisingly close . 
  camden market is worth a trip to . 
   the amount of outright bare-faced lies that some americans redditors have been told and believe , is jaw-dropping . 
  what is interesting is the * very same people * would scoff if a european was worried about the amount of gun crime in the usa . 
  i think it depends on what the person means by `` no go '' . 
  if they do n't like being outnumbered by people with brown skin , they might see that as a reason to avoid it entirely . 
  it is possible to be against the murdering of innocents from both sides . 
  it is amazing what israel has got away with , being attacked by terrorists does not justify it . 
  there are so many options . 
  i live a 5 minute walk from about three different convenience shops , basically an `` express '' version of a large supermarket chain . 
  prices are slightly higher , but they have pretty much everything you could need . 
  open all day , all week . 
  down on the main road ( 15 nins ish ) are several greengrocers , a bakery , a butcher and a healthfood shop . 
  between these i can get 90 % of my shopping . 
  either by walking or picking it up on the way home from work . 
  it is little and often , we have a car but the whole weekly supermarket `` big shop '' experience is so depressing i ca n't face it . 
  there are weekly markets , around here they are either weekly or in the town centre . 
  oddly either going for the real bargain basement with people shouting how cheap their bananas are or going top-end gourmet - rarely a happy medium inbetween . 
  donald trump talked of `` no go '' areas in britain , a similar figure here katie hopkins also spoke of no go areas . 
  when pushed to actually name them , she could n't . 
  it is massively overhyped . 
  compare with any american area which has a bad reputation , reality is n't necessarily quite like that . 
  in the uk everyone would go to church on sunday , the queen is the head of the church of england , we have religious schools and even `` normal '' schools would have religious assemblies and say grace before lunch . 
  it has just fizzled out though , i can only assume people did it out of habit and tradition rather than really believing anything . 
  now churches seem to be used for weddings and funerals , otherwise are a club for old people to socialise at . 
  very few people care if you are an atheist , we look at america and are baffled by how big religion is . 
  two attacks in a whole continent may make you wary , but the chances of being caught up in another are minute . 
  no offence but compare to murder rates in africa . 
  if you mean what is happening currently ( rather than putting it in your rather odd terms ) then yes , people are pretty much ok . 
  consider something the other way round - scare stories about guns in america . 
  despite mass shootings and many cases of murders , people are generally ok with guns and would scoff at people not wanting to visit america due to hearing about gun deaths . 
  this is in the uk . 
  it is a sales tax , but only on certain items . 
  you would pay 20 % on luxury items ( televisions ) , but basics are 0 % ( bread ) . 
  this is built into the price of the product when you buy it . 
  businesses can claim the vat back if they make purchases for business reasons . 
  mine goes back to the 1700s then gets a bit blurry , i could dig around church records in deepest derbyshire but to be honest i do n't really want to . 
  everyone was called john or william and married a mary and they all had about 12 kids so i forget which generation was which . 
  better off not bothering . 
  in the uk it is unlikely a friendly policeman will say `` ah right , you were being pickpocketed , fair enough ! '', 
  if there were reports you punched someone and knocked them out . 
  you could expect arrest and investigation which would take some time , even if you were cleared or no charges brought . 
  i think it would be a disproportionate response also unless you were genuinely concerned about yourself being attacked , you ca n't dish out your own on-street justice . 
  i have never had issues in london , even in tourist hotspots . 
  it is just a normal working city to me . 
  which makes sense , they are closer - physically and culturally . 
  think of it less as a debt , more an investment . 
  a scotsman 's definition of a salad is what is left on the side of the plate . 
  those jokes really hammed up how apparently thick irish people are , i hardly ever hear `` a scotsman , an englishman and an irishman '' jokes now . 
  it does seem more about regions now , scottish people not eating vegetables , welshmen shagging sheep etc. 
  it is in the uk , by law . 
  they do n't even try and trick you by bringing bottled water if you do n't specify . 
  no issues getting ice and a slice in it either usually . 
  to be fair this subreddit does seem to have a * lot * of questions from americans asking europe our opinion of them . 
  it can come across as self centred when you see it for the umpteenth time !, 
  the conservative party in the uk ( clue is in the name ) are a right wing party . 
  they are pro-gay marriage , would n't dare interfere with abortion rights , they want to reduce immigration but do n't in practice , and are in favour of the national health service ( the worst is claims they want to privatise parts of it ) . 
  guns are n't an issue - barely a whisper of protest about banning them since the dunblane massacre - but it is n't a `` thing '' here anyway . 
  there is nothing like the rhetoric we see from republicans , it just seems baffling to us . 
  laughable in many cases , people actually wanting to ban teaching evolution in schools ? 
  abstinence only sex education ? 
  it is like living in the 19th century . 
  no , mainly because you ca n't `` ban '' refugees under multiple international conventions , it defies all logic , and banning a specific race / religion is utterly fucking mental . 
  i know it is one of the rules of the internet but this is * literally * what hitler did with the jews . 
  it is `` celebrating '' ( or at least commemorating ) someone who tried to blow up the houses of parliament , so who knows !, 
  it is the day we use as an excuse to set off a lot of fireworks , i suppose the us has independence day for that . 
  it would be nice to have fireworks night at a time of year which is n't freezing cold and raining , but maybe that is part of the fun . 
  it is very simple from the outside to think we can bomb an enemy into submission and everything will be sunshine and lollipops . 
  we have seem time and time and time again this just does n't work , certainly not quickly , and can make things a lot worse long term . 
  france : snails , frogs legs , cheese , wine , wearing a beret , having a moustache , riding a bicycle wearing a string of onions round the neck , women with hairy armpits ... we love them really . 
  there is less rain ( i believe ) and hotter temperatures in the south east , but a weekend in essex might not be as romantic as cornwall . 
  there is a lot of american tv , music and film but i am glad we have our own versions too and can even export it back . 
  look how the beatles and stones sold rock n roll back to america for example , or something like harry potter . 
  i feel we can hold our own rather than being swamped by american culture . 
  someone mentioned hallowe'en which originated in the uk , that seems to be more focussed on trick or treating and dressing up than any previous customs . 
  it has morphed a bit into guy fawkes night ( 5th november ) which is taking second place sadly . 
  british music seems to be quite widespread in europe , it is not often reciprocated . 
  i do n't know why the conditions are so right for british bands to flourish so well . 
  it could be a northern european thing as when i am trying to think of overseas bands that have made it here , it seems to mainly be scandinavian bands . 
  cold winters meaning we all stay indoors playing guitar ? 
  considering how close france is i can barely name any current french bands . 
  air ? 
  does plastic bertrand count ? 
  yep , there are several detective shows and i have just been watching deutschland 83 too . 
  it seems to appeal more to the intellectual crowd though , there is still that link between arty films / tv and subtitles for some reason . 
  i visit cornwall quite often and noticed a lot of camper vans and large cars with numberplates from the netherlands ( and belgium ) - i believe there is some tv show there set in cornwall that explains it , is that true ? 
  or it could just be some quirk that causes a lot of people to cross the north sea then a whole country to spend time in the south west !, 
   so many rights consumers have that benefit you day to day are european rules , people just do n't know it that is true , but you wo n't sway someone who is staunchly anti-eu is they say we could have made those changes within the uk , done it better and more cheaply . 
  the only public showers i use are in swimming pools , and you never see people wearing flip flops . 
  they keep them pretty clean . 
  you would need to take them off before waking around the pool side anyway . 
  i did stay in a hostel in london and people did wear them , that is because they know hostel showers are pretty grim though . 
  i do n't even own any flip flops .
