i wasnt thinking `` neoliberalism '' , i was thinking people whining that the eu is apparently banning certain shapes of bananas . 
  for europe as a whole ? 
  i disagree , especially in terms of trade across numerous nations . 
  it says a lot that the main concerns people have are often completely trivial ( or even made up ) . 
  i do n't think you found many people who * love * the eu , or even particularly like it , but the same applies to a lot of things - local councils , the school board , the government itself . 
  it is wanting to just up and leave it to try and make things somehow better which baffles people, 
  not the same groups you see in the us - proper boneheads who openly wear nazi tattoos etc. 
  or at least they are n't as open about it . 
  the groups are more like the edl who are barely coherent , based more around football hooliganism and wanting a common enemy than anything properly thought out in terms of being nationalists . 
  they are rarely shining examples of the white race anyway . 
  burgers are one of the few foods i could probably actually eat every day . 
  as much as i like kebabs and curry , more than one a week and i would feel very sick . 
  just very odd , they seem to get their ideas purely from the internet ( certain parts of the internet too ) so they have this amazing idea of what life is like in europe . 
  it is the usual stuff , take some stats and the whole country will be muslim in 15 years , that kind of thing . 
  they can switch very rapidly , they had this laughable idea that people like le pen would get elected ( then magically expel all the muslims , or something ) then when she did n't they had the attitude `` well , france is cucked now - you are on your own '' . 
  they would n't like euros meddling in their country ( their reaction when trump is criticised for example ) so they should do the same . 
  i have always had stuff like that delivered or picked up . 
  it is n't very common that i 'd need something that big , it would cost a lot in fuel , be a pain to drive and park too . 
  trying to get round place like [ this ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@51.4683191,-2.5823116,3a,75y,251.82h,87.89t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sxjplml5ofovlb9kbv39h3g!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) say ... 
  it is a very common theme in adverts . 
  often the clumsy and inept dad tries to do some household task , fails , then the clever-clogs mum comes in with [ new product they are trying to sell ] and does it quickly and easily , making the dad look stupid . 
  tv can be the same , the dad gets lost if he reads the map for example . 
  i ca n't say i particularly care , but it would n't be accepted the other way round . 
  it comes down to trust a lot of the time , people should at least check their shoes for dirt and never leave them on if it is wet out . 
  also generally speaking the pavements outside are n't * that * bad , countries were shoes indoors are a real taboo tend to be those where there could literally be shit strewn around the place . 
  in that case , bare feet are preferable . 
  i suspect they 'd love it , assuming they are organised groups paying for it . 
  i remember going to [ caerphilly castle ] ( http://britainexplorer.com/wp-content/uploads/1970/01/caerphilly-castle.jpg ) and they had full-on trebuchets and dudes on horses around the edge of the moat . 
  lidl do a range of coffee from different places - guatamala , kenya , java and so on . 
  very reasonable price , i mix it up each time i buy some . 
  i often get lavazza if it is on offer too . 
  i use a moka pot or an aeropress . 
  i have n't seen a vending machine in years . 
  they used to be in pubs and often sold them in packs of 16 at an inflated price . 
  taken out as kids could use it ( i know i did ! ) . 
  otherwise it is any supermarket , petrol station or corner shop , 24/7 . 
  you now have to be 18 and they are n't allowed to be on display . 
  the packaging is all now a standard green colour with graphic pictures and warnings on them . 
  yep , same . 
  works in so many situations too , a boozy sunday lunch in a pub beer garden with friends or a nice winter evening with family in the home . 
  anywhere from midsummer to christmas day . 
  feels to me that the idea of `` going out for a curry '' is going down in favour of a kebab shop on the way home ( partly as there is less need for a restaurant with a late license ) and in favour of people getting food delivered to the home . 
  fish and chips i see more as something to do on holiday by the seaside , decent ones are becoming rare too . 
  it is brilliant . 
  so simple , but genuinely some of the best coffee i have made at home . 
  like a cafetiere on steroids basically , you load up the chamber with coffee , filter and hot water - 1 minute later push the plunger down into your mug . 
  it is n't espresso as such , more like what you get from a moka pot - very strong coffee . 
  you can top up with hot water or milk or whatever . 
  the cleanup is the best bit , you are left with a compressed disc of coffee which you click off into the bin , then rinse the rest under the tap . 
  it almost seems * too * simple , but you get a very strong , smooth coffee out of it . 
  i do n't find it that difficult - just need a teapot . 
  quick swill out , chuck the leaves in the bin or down the sink , your are back in business . 
  the problem some people run into is they leave the teapot too long or feel they have to scrub it clean each time . 
  or they have these reusable metal `` things '' that act like a teabag but take decent tea - i use them in work . 
  that is fair enough in scotland . 
  there does seem to be a kind of `` refined scottish '' accent which is somewhat equivalent though . 
  i do n't mean to be some kind of tea gatekeeper , but anything mass produced in a bag would get scoffed at by a true tea snob - surely ? 
  may depend where you are . 
  it seems to be the default `` middle class '' accent in universities for example . 
  although say in wales everyone had at least some form of welsh lilt to their voice . 
  may be similar in other areas . 
  i like a strong , black coffee . 
  in the home in the uk most people just use cheap instant coffee . 
  a leftover from the war , for convenience and as it sits alongside using teabags and a kettle . 
  i use an aeropress , cafetiere or moka pot at home though as i find instant undrinkable . 
  in most cafes it is espresso based drinks . 
  i probably sit outside most people 's norms in the home ( and work ) but at least people do generally demand a decent cup of coffee if they are drinking outside the home . 
  even if they fill it with milk and sugar afterwards . 
  unless people are from the north of scotland or an island , they would be within a few hours of a big city at most . 
  london can seem like another planet though . 
  what do you mean by rp - the kind of `` newsreader '' accent ? 
  i 'd say quite a lot of people speak it , it seems accentless as it is spoken all over the country without comment . 
  if someone speaks in a yorkshire accent in cornwall , it would be immediately noticed . 
  rp not so much . 
  i could n't pin down where someone was from by that accent , except maybe vaguely home counties . 
  my favourite is hoover , i originally thought it was because it makes a kind of hooooov noise . 
  its a the way a you a have a to put a vowel a inbetween a every a word a. 
  same here really , it is the really cheap or pink stuff you get in the dentists which has the root beer taste . 
  that may be the key . 
  not sure about hated ( it is n't very well known ) but it tastes exactly like mouthwash , so i can imagine people trying it assuming it is a normal fruity soft drink and find they are drinking medicine . 
  an equivalent here might be dandelion & burdock , but that is much milder . 
  there was an ongoing saga with the `` gollys '' which used to be the mascot and featured on pin badges , stuffed toys etc promoting robertsons jam . 
  they were literally [ golliwogs ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/3/2389/2093623193_02baab2a55_b.jpg ) . 
  people thought getting rid of it was pc gone mad . 
  my current house does , the doors look like originals from the house being built in the 1930s . 
  they are actual locks too , which take keys . 
  including the bathroom . 
  other rental houses do n't unless they were shared student flats . 
  when people think acid attacks , they think honour violence somewhere like pakistan . 
  in the uk however it tends to be gang related which is less likely to be muslims , in london i suspect it is white youths or black youths of african / carribean origin . 
  it is a perfect weapon for theft as it can be easily concealed , it can be thrown at a distance and incapacitates the victim . 
  the police clamped down hard on knife crime , guns are a no-go so they have improvised and it is spreading . 
  unusual , pretty much any social gathering ( in the evening anyway ) there is alcohol involved . 
  communities can be focussed around the local pub , at least traditionally . 
  the only people i know who never drink are some family who say they just do n't like the taste . 
  but then they never go out anyway , or have a soft drink if they do . 
  i know of not one single person my age who does n't drink . 
  probably because everyone else does and it is a good social lubricant . 
  it is like going to a dinner party but not eating anything . 
  the way americans say it is quite weird , it is like `` twahhd '' .
