  both on the decline . 
  the bnp has disappeared . 
  you ca n't use any in rugby ( which makes rainy , muddy games fun ) , same with fielders in cricket . 
  do n't american footballers use gloves as well ? 
  basketball is similar to netball which is a popular sport in schools ( mainly girls . 
  actually only girls ) . 
  and leeks and daffodils !, 
  i always preferred a leek personally . 
  very sweet , a tang from the tonic water in it . 
  quite unique really , i assume you do n't have tizer either , maybe a bit like that . 
  maybe mountain dew ? 
  i can see why they buy them every day from proper bakers too , they are amazing . 
  a `` french stick '' from pretty much anywhere in the uk just is n't the same , no matter how good the bakery . 
  sports tend to be between clubs separate from schools and universities . 
  the exception being the rivaly between various private schools and the cambridge / oxford boat race . 
  high school sports are not huge , the football and rugby teams played other local schools some evenings but no one came out to watch or anything . 
  in the south west of the uk it does n't go below freezing for long periods . 
  even if it snows and dips below freezing it often melts later in the day . 
  we are terrible at coping with the cold because of this , some bad winters recently meant we had slippery ice with no way of clearing it . 
  it is not like we have snow ploughs on standby . 
  merchant of venice was the big shakespeare in english gcse . 
  we did of mice and men ( nice easy read with lots of symbolism ) , great expectations , ww1 poets , seamus heaney poetry , the tyger by william blake . 
  quite a lot of analysis of individual chapters of books i seem to remember rather than necessarily read the whole thing . 
  we would do them to * death * . 
  we had a good english teacher though , he did make it all interesting and i never hated the books we read . 
  if anything it set me up for a lifelong love of literature . 
  i remember playing with a tennis ball quite a lot as a kid . 
  rounders is a popular kids game ( an early version of baseball ) , we would play this in primary school or at the beach . 
  then you have cricket of course , and rugby involves throwing and catching . 
  how about darts for precision throwing too ? 
  the rest of europe however - not so sure . 
  worth noting we do n't use gloves in cricket , so i wonder how american kids learn to catch without using a massive leather mitt . 
  bowl of cereal in work slice of toast with marmite at home bacon / eggs / sausage on the weekend, 
  it got served for alcohol on a school trip to italy aged 13 , i think you will be fine . 
  especially if you are obviously a tourist . 
  it is n't even 18 there is it - 16 for beer ? 
  i think it has only ever gone over 100f once , there was a bit of a thing about it during a heatwave a few years ago ( even though we do n't tend to use fahrenheit , it is just a nice round number ) . 
  this is n't even 40c . 
  generally you can get up to the 30s in the south for a few days a year , more than a couple in a row gets stifling however . 
  much to the amusement of hotter countries , but we get a really humid heat and our houses are n't designed for it . 
  in winter it does n't get much below freezing ( mountains and scotland excepted ) . 
  a week of subzero temperatures and it grinds the country to a halt ( much to the amusement of colder countries , or course ) but that is n't too common . 
  we had a phase of snow for several years but usually it is just cold , hovering around 0 , a disappointing amount of snow that melts by the afternoon . 
  marmite, 
  people rolling a huge wheel of cheese down a hill , others chase it trying to catch it . 
  the winner keeps the cheese . 
  it often leads to terrible injuries : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cooper%27s_hill_cheese-rolling_and_wake, 
  here we traiditonally go to the pub on christmas eve . 
  then christmas day is presents and a big meal , we then have the day after that off work which we call boxing day . 
  this is for doing whatever we want , a lot of shops do sales . 
  it does n't feel tense to me . 
  standing up is ok , but do n't aim directly at the water . 
  then it sounds like an overflowing drain in a thunderstorm . 
  i 'd have a problem where i do n't know what is a city and what is a town . 
  there are a lot of large british places that are n't technically a city ( no cathedral or the queen has n't given the nod yet ) and a lot of small places that are technically cities . 
  put it this way though , if a place in america is mentioned , i tend to have heard of it . 
  scanning through this thread there are n't many i have n't encountered for various reasons . 
  you have to hunt down good food in the uk , i can see why its overall image is poor . 
  if you walk into the average pub or cafe the food wo n't usually be great , in france you can be pretty sure the food will be good even in cheap sidestreet cafes . 
  that is the difference i mean . 
  i would n't say france does better food overall , but they certainly have better cheap bistro / cafe food . 
  here it is a greasy bacon sandwich or frozen meals with chips . 
  their wine is better , but not the beer . 
  what do they need to `` legitemize '' ? 
  here the police stop you if you do something wrong , where you are they stop random people and demand they show id ? 
  why ? 
  border patrol is another matter , here you just show your passport . 
  it * is * harrassment , if the police stop you for no reason how can it be anything else ? 
  how is it different to fascist states , explain if it makes me an `` idiot '' , it should be quite easy . 
  here the police do n't * need * to regularly carry guns . 
  they do n't even want to as it escalates many situations and encourages criminals to regularly carry them . 
  the police are regularly praised at keeping law and order , partly as they do n't stop random people who are doing nothing wrong and demand they identify themselves for no reason . 
  same here , this guy has really worked himself into a corner , all over whether people have to show id to vote or not !, 
  you have to show id for them to leave you alone even if you have done nothing wrong ? 
  what is the possible reason ? 
  that is pure harrassement out of communist russia or north korea . 
  police do n't carry guns here either pal . 
  so what happens in your world , the police ask for id , * then * decide what to do with you ? 
  you have to actually do something to attract the attention of the police here !, 
  this is partly why people resisted id cards here . 
  and in your country they could fail to show them id and give a false name . 
  if the police suspect a false name is given , that is an added offence and they will pursue it until the identity is determined . 
  why are they going round checking id or names before there is any suspicion anyway ? 
  it would be the same if someone here did n't identify themselves to the police . 
  i am talking about voting . 
  as for id cards , i do n't believe there is an issue with committing crimes in other people 's names that id cards would magically resolve . 
  surely people `` lose '' their id cards in communist countries who insist upon this ? 
  unless they brand names on people 's foreheads that is . 
  or maybe a number on their arm ... 
  it is a miniscule hole in the system which is offset by the massive benefits it gives us . 
   its not forcing people , they have to do it by law . 
  no force is required . 
  actually laughed out loud at this . 
   people who die a week before the vote already have poling cards . 
  * sigh * which is all well and good , but you * still * have to collate all these people somehow , then turn up and vote for them , without being found out , all on the same day . 
  meanwhile literally thousands of others are busy voting as normal . 
  it is less than a drop in an ocean . 
  i am not saying fraud does not exist , but it is within the margin of counting error anyway . 
  focus more on postal votes , as they do n't generally require id anywhere . 
  you sound a little bitter .
