  it is the height of summer too , which causes issues if you are running around for 90 minutes . 
  many players can run 10km or more during a game . 
  hence the issues with the location and timing of the qatar world cup . 
  many believe that the uk puts in a lot of money , and many of the `` projects '' go to less well-off countries , there are also concerns about how much the whole operation costs to run . 
  they feel if we did n't send any money to europe we could keep it in the uk and we did n't feel like we were funding the romanian tin mining industry ( or whatever ) . 
  plus we would get more say over it - the nature of such a large parliament means even we were all dead against something , it would get forced through anyway . 
  note i do n't necessarily agree with this . 
  it is interesting as those in the uk who want to leave belive the eu wants to take more out of the uk than we put in , and we get a bad deal compared to other nations . 
  i think you have it the wrong way round , the timings of the football season was established as the autumn / winter / spring months before the world cup even existed , and before the olympics would have impacted upon it at all . 
  some colder countries have a break in the coldest months . 
  football originated in the uk where cricket was the summer game ( where you do need fine weather ) and football ( be it `` soccer '' or rugby football ) was the winter sport . 
  it rarely freezes over to the extent where games have to be cancelled . 
  it is confusing as when they brought in these `` public '' schools there was no nationwide network of free schools . 
  so they were public in the respect that ordinary people could apply and go . 
  people use it wrongly as not all modern private schools are `` public schools '' in this sense . 
  we would call what americans call public schools `` state schools '' . 
  bear in mind what we think of as `` traditional '' you might find only goes back a few generations . 
  we are a small island but we have dialects , traditions and events specific to very small areas , so it carries on without too many problems . 
  i have noticed that , i do n't know if that is just certain characters ( his writing tends to have traits and quirks specific to certain people ) . 
  it also seems to use the full phrase rather than half of it . 
  it is cockney rhyming slang , and it has developed over a long time which is why a lot of current ones are from phrases / celebrities / things we do n't even use any more . 
  not being able to follow it is kind of the point , but you can often get it from context . 
  many people in the uk might not even realise that barnet is from `` barnet fair '' meaning hair . 
  my favourite is `` aris '' , which is a kind of double one . 
  `` bottle '' for arse ( bottle and glass ) then aristotle for bottle , then shorten it to aris which is pretty much arse anyway . 
  they have a devolved assembly and considering iceland only has the population of cardiff , i do n't see why not . 
  it just seems pointless though . 
  my experience was similar , as most countries use english as some form of lingua franca the drive to learn a foreign language was lacking somewhat . 
  i did french , german and welsh in school which was way too much really . 
  french i enjoyed and still remember quite a lot , german i could n't even tell you how to say basic phrases . 
  this was before visiting places like berlin was seen as `` cool '' , i could n't forsee ever using it in real life . 
  france however i visited on holiday so at least had a use for it asking for directions or for a cup of coffee . 
  the lessons were an odd mix of very basic stuff - your name , talking about your hobbies etc - then learning tables of very dull grammar , tenses and verbs which meant very little . 
  very few people want welsh independence . 
  with increased visibility and schooling i can imagine more welsh second language speakers , but as a first language it is only ever going to dwindle downwards . 
  there is coverage , at the moment there is so much going on that it will feature in the news most days . 
  it is morbidly fascinating , nothing like how we elect party leaders here . 
  they seem to have daily `` rallies '' , debates , people waving placards , huge votes going on in different places . 
  i suppose we are different because we have a prime minister so it is not focussed on a single personality who have their own policies so much . 
  plus of course the trump factor , he looks and acts like satire * but people are taking it seriously * . 
  bristol has a population of about 400,000 , it has several 24 hr supermarkets and smaller corner shops . 
  the larger shops are still restricted by sunday opening hours so are only open 9-4 ( which confuses people trying to get in after midnight on saturday night ) . 
  buses do run all night now , some not at all but the major routes can have one every 30 mins - 1hr . 
  small towns - probably not . 
  although we are a small country so you would normally find * somewhere * you can get to - a petrol station for example , unless you were right out in the sticks . 
  in the uk they can happen during heatwaves in grassy open areas . 
  often the suggestion is they were started deliberately , they very rarely threaten houses or people at all . 
  in the uk it can be seemingly endless . 
  you might have several big brands for each item , then usually several own brand versions ( a value option , normal and some kind of `` finest '' ) . 
  that is just the biggest supermarkets though , head to a small convenience store or somewhere like lidl and it is much reduced . 
  some of the belgian beers are excellent , but very little beats a * good * pint of british ale . 
  when it is very fresh and hoppy , i love it . 
  but if you get a * bad * pint , it can taste like wet farts . 
  i can see why some have been put off . 
  that is part of the charm . 
  some of it is bright orange , comes from a single farm in something that looks like a petrol can and resembles pure apple juice - except it is 7 % alcohol . 
  jerk chicken and curry goat with rice and peas . 
  carribean food . 
  i always look out for it , although it tends to be at fairs or carnivals or outdoor events than on the `` street '' necessarily . 
  at home it is loose leaf tea , usually from a shop called whittards which sells all manner of different types . 
  coffee is a generic ( but decent ) brand like lavazza , or whatever takes my fancy , i change it up quite frequently ( i use an aeropress ) . 
  when i am out i prefer to use a local independent coffee shop , but whatever is nearest will usually suffice . 
  many people in the uk drink pretty awful tea and coffee - powdery tea bags like tetley and instant coffee like nescafe with milk and sugar . 
  tastes like it has come out of a prison vending machine . 
  probably the house i live in now . 
  a 3 bed terraced house in an ok-ish area of bristol in the uk . 
  go a couple of miles closer to the city centre and the same price would get you a one bed flat if you are lucky . 
  the funny thing about the beatles in the uk is they are legendary but i actually rarely hear them on the radio . 
  they also tend not to be on classic 1960s compilations due to licensing issues . 
  we must absorb their music through osmosis or something . 
  mail & express = scaremongering , clickbait bs . 
  you can bet anything which claims to be pc gone mad has a whole mountain of context missing , or just completely invented . 
  that aside , you just do n't seem to see the flags draped over everything aside from official buildings or in sporting contexts that often . 
  people suggest it is because we just * know * we are the greatest nation on earth , so we do n't have to shout about it  it looks a bit tacky , * especially * the st georges flags with writing on them . 
  flats in london can be ridiculously expensive . 
  go to some shithole up north and you could do fairly well for # 625 a month though . 
  ah , you were looking at prices per week !, 
  they do that to make it seem cheaper , # 2500 a month is less inviting . 
  i have heard athens is hot and stressful and not that great overall , the saving grace of course being the `` big '' sights . 
  barcelona is excellent : beautiful city , lots of things to see and do , good bars and cafes , mostly walkable , less ripoffs than places like rome or paris . 
  i am biased towards london as i know it well , not sure how it is seen by an `` outsider '' but i love it . 
  i would take prague over athens personally , i had a great time there . 
  another beautiful little city which you can just stroll around . 
  the beer is cheap , plentiful and excellent too . 
  i thought it was only worldnews picking out scaremongering stories that think europe is collapsing ? 
  the situation on the ground is quite different . 
  dull , even . 
  the only american history we were taught was the civil rights era . 
  british people hate british tourists , so it ca n't be good . 
  whether they are at home in places like newquay , or go to in magaluf or ibiza , or as far away as florida they can be embarrassing . 
  i think we see a holiday as a time to let our hair down , which means drinking . 
  people expect everyone else to speak english ( which to be fair , most of the time they do ) but it is quite rude not to learn to say `` hello '' at least . 
  farage has his eyes on a seat in westminster as a mp already , he came fairly close at the last election . 
  ukip would likely broaden their scope , they already have councillors at a local level and they even have supporters who are pro-eu , they have a full manifesto beyond just taking us out of europe . 
  i remember going on holiday to france as a child and the done thing seemed to be to have a small amount of red wine in a glass and top it up with water . 
  very refreshing . 
  i first bought alcohol on a school trip to italy , we all got served for beer and wine in a shop and drank it on the beach at night . 
  we would have been around 12/13 . 
  no problems with tobacco either . 
  i seem to remember that , as long as it is with food , and with an adult .
