  there are an amazing amount of overseas territories , colonies and british protectorates so i could n't imagine even visiting more than a handful . 
  i have probably been through most english counties and all of south wales , but only been to scotland a couple of times . 
  i have never been to any islands such as wight or the scillies , i would love to go . 
  especially the scottish islands . 
  german , french , italian and spanish - yes . 
  although we might mix up say austria with german , and portuguese or catalan with spanish . 
  there is a general eastern european accent and a scandinavian accent , but i would n't be able to pinpoint it exactly . 
  the sun often has a very large headline in bold print , which is misleading or just rubbish . 
  [ i mean wtf ] ( http://sjhoward.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2007/01/1492861.jpg ) . 
  [ the daily mail ] ( http://66.media.tumblr.com/2e2d2995ab3b399c5cec87c2aecf4aa3/tumblr_nmx51zkgvf1u5f06vo1_1280.jpg ) is similar , but generally more serious and about immigration , criminals , people on welfare or all three . 
  alarmist , again often made up or misleading . 
  note the advert for hair loss which hints at their target market . 
  this is a trend across the tabloids . 
  they can stretch it out across several days , so each day there is another slight change or update , then that is splashed across the front page too . 
  the broadsheets are n't quite so exciting , and actually are pretty reasonable . 
  [ pretty dull really ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cx__qbgwcaaz8vx.jpg ), 
  ca n't say i am up to date with dutch politics . 
  i ask as true socialist parties are few and far between , and poll in such low numbers that they make no difference at all . 
  it depends how people classify things , many use `` socialist '' as a slur or a catch-all for anyone even vaguely left of centre . 
  which is about as incorrect as describing anyone on the right as neo-nazis or fascists . 
  yes , even a small amount of snow can really screw things up . 
  part of the problem is it does n't tend to stay as snow , it either goes all slushy or refreezes then melts . 
  we are n't equipped for it at all , there would be little point as it is only usually bad once every few years , and then only for a week or so . 
  anecdote from today . 
  my daughter fell off her bike yesterday evening , pretty much could n't move her arm but nothing seemed obviously wrong aside from a lot of pain ( no swelling or lumps or bones poking out ) . 
  she went to bed , woke up still in pain and could n't move it so went straight to the hospital . 
  got booked in at 7:30 , nice clean modern building . 
  they had all her records as she was born there . 
  got seen quickly , got a sling , an x ray confirming a fracture , all out by 10 with a follow-up in the next couple of days for further checks and likely a cast to be put on . 
  i ca n't imagine what we would do if we had to pay , or rely on some kind of insurance package . 
  this was all free at the point of use . 
  socialist parties such as ? 
  and where ? 
  in a restaurant it bothers me that the people actually cooking the food do n't seem to get a cut , it is the over-friendly people serving . 
  it is n't that hard to wait on tables !, 
  same with a barman , tipping them for each drink just seems silly . 
  i do n't think it is a good system as it punishes people who work in quiet places or if they can not give service for things outside their control - a crappy kitchen or shortage of staff say . 
  there would also be confusion for me over who to tip and how much , am i going to get chased down the street for not giving a dollar to some guy who packs my groceries ( even though i can do it myself ) ? 
  i think we do alright here , no tips aside from maybe a `` keep the change '' for some people , and about 10 % in a sit-down restaurant if it was particularly good . 
  then we have a minimum wage . 
  a turkey has taken over goose for christmas dinner for most people , a whole one is rare otherwise . 
  turkey is often used as a cheap meat to make things like children 's turkey dinosaurs out of and precooked and sliced for sandwiches . 
  the only wild ones would be escapees i believe . 
  very happy overally , there is a bit of a wait for minor procedures but that is always going to be the case as they have to prioritise . 
  when i was a kid we went private to have my tonsils taken out for example to jump the queue , but that was covered under my dad 's insurance he got through work . 
  some buildings can be old and tatty but again they have to prioritise care over beauty . 
  when i see how much americans pay for basic things like childbirth , even ambulance rides , and the basic price of insurance i wince . 
  i 'd be screwed with my epilepsy if i had to pay for my meds , i 'd just have to put up with seizures . 
  i only have a single bible in the house , which i inherited . 
  the italian job . 
  the * original * italian job , with michael caine . 
  also , trainspotting . 
  you know it would n't have been a real dog fight ... 
  this is england is excellent though , same with the follow up tv series . 
  i have only seen one house with a basement , that was a very large old house . 
  we do have a lot of basement flats , where they are pretty much below ground level but there are windows . 
  hard to explain - something like this : [ street view link ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/cambridge+park,+bristol+bs6+6xw/@51.4745798,-2.6117135,3a,75y,127.67h,85.13t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1s_jzy8vgvw7nxe-9nubfghw!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo2.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3d_jzy8vgvw7nxe-9nubfghw%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d73.277412%26pitch%3d0!7i13312!8i6656!4m5!3m4!1s0x48718defc6fc3f23:0xbbf5028ce900fb05!8m2!3d51.4744844!4d-2.6118137 ), 
  my old house had a ww2 air raid shelter in the back garden . 
  that is the only time you would see them - leftovers from decades ago . 
  we do n't have one !, 
  ok , without * so many * french influences . 
  we are pretty good for scams actually , even big cities you do n't get the rampant ones like in paris where you have to watch yourself at every turn . 
  one is people driving a van coming up to people in the street . 
  they say they are delivering tvs / speakers / computers and they have been given too many so they have some leftover . 
  they offer you to take it from them at very cheap prices . 
  the tvs are either stolen or they sell you an empty box , or a fake . 
  alright guys , i get it . 
  i was a teenager , we got a ferry to haifa ( is that in israel , is that allowed ? ), 
  then we got a coach tour around all these dull holy sites . 
  i am not trying to make a political point or anything . 
  i did n't realise that , although it might not have been then . 
  it is not like we went through passport control or anything . 
  it was a bit weird , we queued up for ages in this church which contained the exact spot jesus was apparently born . 
  people were selling water , which was made holy if you stuck it down on the floor then crossed yourself or said a prayer . 
  the town itself we did n't see . 
  i imagine it is a bit of a shithole . 
  i have been to america three times as a teenager with my parents . 
  long fly-drive holidays , we did california / arizona / nevada one year . 
  saw disneyland , la , san francisco , grand canyon , las vegas . 
  very hot . 
  another year it was niagara falls , new york , washington dc . 
  then a year in florida , disneyworld , miami , the keys . 
  pretty lucky to see all that actually looking back . 
  the first thing is america is big . 
  very big . 
  a 5 hour drive to see some minor attraction ? 
  fine !, 
  i have only just been to liverpool for the first time , i thought 6 hours was just insane . 
  different roads though , the hours fly by in the us . 
  i remember a lot of nice little diners where you can get excellent service . 
  i noticed a lot of homeless people though , especially san fran . 
  like a worrying amount , coming up to us and hassling us . 
  almost living in colonies in certain areas . 
  people with obvious physical disabilities . 
  a lot of people generally seemed very overfriendly , but in a fake way . 
  they wanted tips in a business setting i suppose , but why strangers wanted to stop and chat i do n't know . 
  everywhere was very hot . 
  unholy to what i am used to . 
  florida it would rain * buckets * about once a day , i think we went at the wrong time of year . 
  thunderstorms , we would have to huddle in shops until it passed .
