  or again , possibly a `` keep the change '' for a large round of drinks . 
  i do n't believe i have ever done this in my life however , unless maybe when very drunk . 
  taxes etc are always added on automatically , it feels good knowing how much you are actually going to pay . 
  25 days . 
  plus christmas , boxing day ( the day after ) , new years day , easter friday , easter monday , 2 bank holidays in may and the august bank holiday . 
  i think that is it . 
  i know some public sector workers get more like 30 days plus national holidays and perks like double pay if they work those holidays . 
  in wales there is the national anthem , there are various other songs that are pretty much only distinguished by being in welsh or sung by welsh people . 
  the main ones : mae hen wlad fy nhadau calon lan sosban fach men of harlech green green grass of home we 'll keep a welcome in the hillsides cwm rhonda / bread of heaven patriotic symbols : leeks , daffodils , red dragon, 
  i remember hearing that holidays are not paid , we get around 25 here ( plus several national holidays a year ) , all fully paid . 
  it is the * single * american football people will have heard of or watch here . 
  partly because it is such a ridiculous spectacle compared to games here ( a half time show with people on the pitch ? ), 
  and partly because it is on in the middle of the night . 
  so it is an event to stay up and watch . 
  it is such a weird game though , and we ca n't help but compare to rugby . 
  i agree . 
  before the rugby it is amazing at a home game . 
  they have been looking into having an official england anthem at least , as sporting events just defaults to god save the queen . 
  which is a droning dull song about two things i could n't care less about . 
  i used to play it in school and have been watching for years and * still * some of the rules baffle me . 
  part of it is you ca n't necessarily see what is going on underneath a pile of players . 
  basically you have 15 vs 15 players , you can only pass the ball backwards and you have to put the ball down at the end of the pitch ( a `` try '' ) . 
  the opposing team can tackle you physically , but no high or dangerous tackles like in american football . 
  you get an attempt at goal ( kicking over the posts ) after a try , you can do it in play ( not all that common ) and for a penalty also . 
  that is the very basics , i would suggest watching some games of the 6 nations tournament to get a feel for it as things like scrums , rucks , mauls and lineouts are easier seen than explained . 
  try a welsh home game , the atomsphere is amazing . 
  less countries play rugby than football ( at a top level anyway ) which means there can be more intense rivalries . 
  the 6 nations runs every year between england , ireland , scotland , wales , france & italy ( a recent addition ) . 
  it is often very open in terms of who wins . 
  other big nations are australia , new zealand , south africa ( old british empire sides ) , various pacific nations and argentina . 
  international rugby has a far bigger following than club rugby among the general population , the league continues running when internationals are being played whereas football comes to a stop . 
  the culture of rugby is different to football . 
  despite being a rough sport , its fans are seen as relaxed and friendly compared to a football hooligan image ( which is changing admittedly ) . 
  the referees tend to be respected . 
  you can drink at the games and fans mix together . 
  it was a bit of an anomaly , hence it made the news . 
  bear in mind * lots * of rape and sexual cases collapse well before they make the courts . 
  i am unsure if this was a failed push in the other direction or if there was more to it , but it does look ridiculous . 
  i am not sure about this :  the police might have never arrested this guy based on lack of evidence arrest is not necessarily `` we think you are guilty , come with us '' , it is a way of formally taking someone in to be questioned . 
  in a serious allegation it makes sense to do so straight away rather than scouring cctv footage . 
  welsh speaking english is noted as sounding `` sing-song '' . 
  the welsh language is noted for the ll sound which is uncommon and various unpronouncable words with no vowels . 
  north wales sound like they are talking out of their nose . 
  i find it one or the other . 
  either harsh and commanding , or very soft and almost camp . 
  the notable thing for me with dutch ( and english speakers there ) is the `` sh '' sound . 
  so `` yes '' sounds like `` yesh '' . 
  uk here . 
  i will list the very basics , it is difficult as we will eat anything !, 
  so many cuisines , a different one every night . 
  fats - a bland oil such as sunflower , and butter . 
  fruit - apples , bananas , oranges , grapes veg - potato , onions , broccoli , beans carbs - rice , pasta bread - sliced white bread . 
  spices - salt , pepper , curry powder meat - chicken , minced beef , lamb , pork , sausages , bacon cheese - cheddar sauces - ketchup , mayo , worcestershire , brown sauce, 
  the uk as a whole , scotland and northern ireland to a lesser extent than england and wales . 
  it would more specifically be south wales and south west england . 
  i feel separate to europe as a whole . 
  taxation mainly . 
  they make small amounts from other sources , say allowing cafes to open up in their grounds , or parking charges , or charging private hospitals to do certain procedures . 
  worth noting by the way that the us puts more tax money into their healthcare system now than many countries with free healthcare . 
  so it is not like it is a new idea there . 
  there are basically no people who * just * speak welsh ( or gaelic , or irish , or scots , or manx , or cornish etc ) . 
  what you do see is people starting off in english then slipping into welsh if they are both welsh speakers . 
  or just speak welsh if they know each other of course . 
  some businesses in deepest welsh wales might say hello in welsh then switch to english if there is an english customer . 
  not sure how this works elsewhere in the uk ( and ireland ) , there are more welsh speakers than the other native languages . 
  hmm . 
  cheating if it is a new something place maybe !, 
  i did n't realise that american universities actually have room mates and no kitchen with a lot of communal things like cafeterias . 
  i 've never heard of that here . 
  it tends to be student `` halls '' which are split into flats of 6-8 people , all individual rooms , sharing a bathroom , lounge , kitchen and a couple of toilets . 
  then the second year onwards people make their own arrangements and get a houseshare . 
  there are a lot of private halls being built with a bit more luxury to them , more like en-suite hotel rooms . 
  no different to any other american really . 
  perhaps stereotype is they might be a bit cooler or more `` streetwise '' . 
  we tend to just call black people `` black people '' and find euphemisms like african american a bit odd . 
  it is banned in pubs , restaurants etc and in cars with children . 
  probably will always have the bad boy appeal to kids , but they raised the age to 18 and they are very expensive now , branding has been removed ( replaced with gory images ) , advertising banned and shops can not even have them on display . 
  it is not taboo as such , but smokers tend to always have to go outside and hide it a bit . 
  a lot are switching to vaping . 
  common here yes . 
  increasingly however they are moving away from building it , or farming it off to other companies . 
  there are more students than spaces in university owned accommodation in many places . 
  i ca n't think of any in english . 
  we 'd come across so many in film and tv that mistakes would get ironed out . 
  we might be tempted to pronounce some french place names `` correctly '' like des moines if we had n't come across it before as many are familiar with french ( to a schoolboy level anyway ) . 
  none in welsh either , but there are many welsh names for english places such as llundain . 
  an english accent would make it `` nyoo york '' rather than `` noo '', 
  never , it is a wonderful uplifting song . 
  reduces grown men to tears before big rugby games . 
  england really needs to be jerusalem , leave god save the queen for the queen and the uk as a whole . 
  the gower, 
  i have never seen brits celebrate the 4th of july , ever . 
  or thanksgiving . 
  are you sure they were n't american or with americans ? 
  st patrick 's day is common as an excuse to have a drink , plus there are a lot of irish people and descendents thereof . 
  chinese new year is an excuse to eat chinese food and maybe some fireworks . 
  otherwise no , unless it is people who migrated from said countries and their friends / family . 
  true , it would be racist . 
  boris is clever in an academic way , good with memory and debate . 
  clever in terms of being able to run a country ?
