  but if you wanted to get your potatoes , bread , ham , cheese and `` bits '' in you ;'d be paying a ridiculous amount . 
  i do n't have one !, 
  if i did i would need to , surely , as otherwise what would they do with all my personal items lying around ? 
  my theory is that communism at least in * theory * is trying to achieve better things . 
  in practice of course it is somewhat different on a national level . 
  nazism is just plain evil in its core . 
  the cliche is somewhere like norfolk in terms of people being backward yokels . 
  the religious side is n't really ingrained into any specific area or type of person . 
  probably tried it at home a few times from say 12/13 or so ? 
  then more regularly around 15 , then drinking round friends houses ( and pubs with poor enforcement of id ) from 16 . 
  it depends , there does seem to be more scrutiny on immigrants than fellow brits . 
  i have plenty of neighbours who i never see , or who do n't talk to us , or maybe are loud occasionally , or even wear funny clothes . 
  why is that suddenly such an awful thing if they are from elsewhere ? 
  so i am not annoyed at all really as people are people . 
  the only issue might be if someone had been here for some time and did n't know any of the language , hence basic interaction with public services , school and ultimately job seeking became a problem . 
  there are parts of `` not conforming '' that i actually welcome too . 
  i am glad the west indian population of bristol have the carnival . 
  i am glad many south asians have their own food culture . 
  if they came here and ate pie & mash and listened to vera lynn records in the 40s and 50s it would be a much duller place . 
  dry and sarcastic , self-deprecating . 
  if anything people making fun of each other is a sign of true friendship , even if it is incredibly scathing . 
  it is a lot less formal than it seems in the us , where ( no idea how accurate tv is ) they seem to get hold of people 's numbers almost in the street or get set up seemingly at random , then have a sit-down dinner with them . 
  here everyone i know who got together ( aside from online daters ) did so more organically through friends or work . 
  or people who did n't vote and became curious , or people who voted and want to find some proof as part of a debate to back themselves up etc. 
  they lose either way as even if the eu implemented something wonderful , the mail would claim we could have done it alone , more cheaply and done it better . 
  yes , but it works . 
  the queen , the house of lords sounds absurd but it keeps everything in balance . 
  any suggestion to replace is met with `` but would n't that be worse ? '', 
  not really , no . 
  it was reported on here as one of those `` barmy '' eu regulations where bendy bananas were `` banned '' . 
  this is not the case , it was just an agreement on what classifies certain types of banana . 
  after all you want consistency , if you buy in a box of grade a bananas from one supplier , you 'd want them to be a certain size and shape to compare with grade a bananas from another . 
  there are other grades of banana ( you get them in all sizes and shapes - look in your local supermarket ) . 
  it is one of those places that is hard to describe why . 
  bath is nearby and has the architecture and the roman stuff , you see that and you are done pretty much . 
  bristol has pubs , the harbourside , clifton , the suspension bridge , parks , gloucester road , park street , restaurants etc. 
  so many individual and interesting areas too . 
  yep , if a fish and chip shop is decent , that tends to be all it does ( aside from the odd thing like pies ) . 
  so many places have gone to the dogs and do pizza , kebabs and * fries * . 
  bloody french fries , out of a frozen bag into a fryer !, 
  pretty much anything . 
  sites like just eat and deliveroo can get you anything from greasy takeaway food to restaurant food . 
  the main ones available anywhere would be indian , chinese and pizza . 
  fish and chips less so , oddly , unless it is a place that also does kebabs . 
  we have a lot . 
  there are various connections due to waves of migration - either to the uk or from here to elsewhere . 
  there is also sporting events like the commonwealth games and games like rugby and cricket which have spread elsewhere . 
  welsh bands like super furry animals fit in this category for me . 
  various krautrock bands too . 
  no , the roads are not particularly fun to navigate - you are looking at busy motorways or crowded cities or busy narrow country lanes which makes journeys tiring rather than liberating . 
  it is a small country too , petrol is expensive , accommodation too . 
  there is more of a culture of groups of friends going on a cheap weekend away to a specific place , or music festivals . 
  it involves travel but that is n't the focus . 
  you can add kelvin mackenzie to ours . 
  he was the editor of the sun when they printed front page lies blaming the hillsborough disaster on the fans in the stadium , now he has printed a column calling a mixed-race footballer a `` gorilla '' and blaming him for being punched in a nightclub . 
  richard littlejohn too , self-righteous smug prick with an obsession with ( mostly false ) stories about pc going mad and foreigners , all submitted from his overseas home in florida . 
  i can handle imperial , we can convert or use it here anyway , but they talk about things like a `` cup '' of peppers . 
  or `` sticks '' of butter . 
  or `` half and half '' milk . 
  the only thing i have seen is people tired of constant dieting , exercice , denying food and wearing baggy clothes so they come out and say `` actually i * like * the way i look ! '' . 
  we did n't care before , but whatever . 
  some then tell them they are unhealthy , so it goes down the rabbit hole of finding evidence why being fat is n't unhealthy or is even good for you . 
  purely internet based . 
  fat shaming on the other hand is no different to people being bullied for being fat . 
  the civil rights movement is the only part i remember - edit , and the slave trade , which ties in with british history of course . 
  i did drop history at 14 so presume those taking it at gcse level would have done more . 
  the one that springs to mind are various things relating to ed miliband , the former labour leader . 
  one was how he could n't eat a bacon sandwich , hence making him unelectable : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ed_miliband_bacon_sandwich_photograph edit - i forgot how bad that picture really is . 
  and yet david cameron got a pass after eating ( what was it ? 
  a hot dog or a pizza ? ), 
  with a knife and fork !, 
  another was how he attracted this legion of ( ironic , i think ) female followers , the `` milibabes '' despite him being an incredibly plain politician . 
  compare with how many would watch any other old horse race though . 
  i ca n't imagine more than a few million watch it in the uk at the most . 
  i wonder if it is just so many people betting in so many parts of the world ( china , middle east etc ) that add up to this ? 
  it is not like people watch it for the sporting prowess of the horses . 
  or maybe they do . 
  rugby union is big in wales , both local teams and playing the game . 
  cardiff and swansea aside . 
  it is seem as a working class sport too , not the case in england . 
  league is big in a very specific part of northern england . 
  there almost seem to be `` rugby towns '' too where they have a decent team and no real football presence . 
  bath or gloucester for example for union and st helens ( and various others ) for league . 
  big internationals being televised , the 6 nations being yearly and involving close neighbours and rivals is the key . 
  i 'd say rugby tops cricket for second place to football . 
  everything else is way down , maybe depends if you consider snooker a sport or not . 
  i 'd say rugby is a pretty big sport , on an international level certainly . 
  the leagues less so , possibly on a level with lower league football in terms of numbers going to games . 
  attendance in the low tens of thousands at best . 
  nothing to do with the us , everyone here thinks 21 as a drinking age is pretty nuts , especially for a country so big on `` freedom '' . 
  i have heard drinking is falling out of favour with younger people as they associate it now with their parents generation going out and getting drunk on a saturday night , plus the price is always rising . 
  pubs are stricter on id than they were , but there is always * somewhere * happy to serve older looking 16 year olds . 
  it has always been 18 to buy alcohol as far as i am aware , plus under 18 is allowed with a meal and with parents present ( i think ) but this is n't very common really . 
  it is still common for people to have a few drinks in parks , any public ban tends to be city centres in response to a lot of disorder or street drinking . 
  they are n't popular , but you can probably see many of the games on one of the sky sports channels . 
  the superbowl is the only game i have seen on normal tv , it is a bit of an event for some as they stay up until 3am and there is the whole crazy spectacle of it , i do n't know if many watching it even know the rules . 
  tactics and strategy even less so . 
  they try occasionally to have nfl highlights but it does n't attract much interest . 
  late night bbc1 they had some , they even advertised it during match of the day ( the `` real '' football highlights show ) . 
  live games they have in london which has decent crowds ( it may even sell out ) , but that is a one-off and again a bit of a spectacle rather than people following the sport .
