  there are some british leagues of ice hockey and basketball , very small following . 
  basketball is often played in schools , you see hoops in some parks . 
  an easy game to pick up and play as a hoop is all you need . 
  netball is played in school a lot , not sure if that is known at all in the us . 
  like basketball but without a backboard and you can not dribble the ball . 
  i have never seen baseball played , the american form anyway . 
  we played rounders in school which is related but seen as a kids game , there is `` british baseball '' which is very old indeed , this is dying out . 
  big in south wales where i am from originally . 
  glad you corrected the english one , go into * actual * london and the accent is n't standard english at all . 
  it is like saying standard american is based on new york . 
  i can tell the difference between a cardiff , newport and caerphilly accent and they are about 20 minutes drive in either direction from each other . 
  go over the border to england and it is completely different again . 
  it could be the relative newness of the usa and how many migrations there have been , but the range of accents seems a lot smaller than europe where they have been developing for centuries . 
  another british one is bringing back the imperial system . 
  people do n't like seeing these european `` kilograms '' in their greengrocers instead of pounds and ounces , even though they can happily ask for a pound of potatoes and they 'll hand them over . 
  well , media in general really , it is all the same rules . 
  only after the 9pm watershed , no erect dicks and no spread legs . 
  otherwise pretty relaxed really . 
  i seem to remember staying up late as a kid and watching programmes about nudist colonies and having a great time . 
  so , so tame now in comparison to the internet !, 
  pronounced `` pam vee deoo '', 
  i always liked the welsh `` pam fi duw ! '', 
  - `` why me , god !, 
  interesting that the word pint ( e ) is still used despite it not being quite a pint . 
  the uk has n't gone fully metric , but i can imagine people still calling it a pint even if they did technically only get 500ml . 
  i have read somewhere that in some areas of france they buy fruit and vegetables informally in pounds ( livres ? ), 
  not sure how true this is . 
  the natural limit is reached when life expectancy levels out . 
  there really is little other option unless you want to cull old people . 
  lovely stuff . 
  take that , german car manufacturers !, 
  there are the usual stereotypes ( loud etc ) , but you do n't actually see them that often . 
  americans i have met can be a little naive . 
  in a sort of happy go lucky optimistic way , but that could be compared to the dour british sarcastic take on life . 
  it can mean americans come across as insincere too but i am sure that is n't deliberate , the whole `` have a nice day !! '', 
  thing is just being polite . 
  there are n't many , and they are minor . 
  i consider it this way - if germany or france wanted to leave the eu , i ca n't think of any deal breakers that would have us over a barrel . 
  maybe french cheese . 
  but you do get decent somerset brie . 
  usually england will cheer on wales , ireland or ni unless they are playing them . 
  they even take them to be `` their '' team if england inevitably drop out or fail to qualify ( see the 1994 world cup ) . 
  scotland probably less so . 
  this does not apply the other way round , the rest of the uk tends to hate england no matter what . 
  sounds a bit like english and scots possibly , although broad scots some actual scottish people might struggle with . 
  is n't czech and slovak basically the same language - or understandable to each other with relative ease ? 
  apologies for my ignorance . 
  i understood that more after i saw a jamie oliver special where he went to stockholm . 
  it was him sitting outside with a fairly ... strange chap , and presented with a can bloated so much that it was like the fish inside was trying to escape . 
  then they opened it and the stench was appalling of course . 
  but - he tried some , and genuinely seemed to enjoy it . 
  so it seems like one of those things that tastes better than it smells , and a lot was about the cameraderie of the people eating it . 
  bad analogy , but we have notoriously shit barbecues . 
  burnt cheap sausages , watery salad , chicken still pink in the middle . 
  but it is about sitting outside in the sun with your friends having a drink and a chat . 
  `` what the fuck '' does n't really make sense in english , either . 
  chips as in fat french fries rather than a bag of crisps presumably . 
  a portion of chips from a british chippy could feed an army . 
  go to a park , beer garden , country walk . 
  outside for sure . 
  be careful , every full time smoker started small , they thought they could quit , or kidded themselves into believing they actually quite liked it or could carry on as an occasional smoker . 
  in my experience it is rare to have someone who continues as a very light smoker for a long time . 
  television tends to either be the high end boxset series with 9 `` seasons '' of 24 episodes or the really low end canned laughter stuff . 
  shows like friends were maybe the cream of that genre , but there is some godawful crap on some tv channels . 
  netflix is bringing a lot more decent american tv to our screens . 
  we do n't get news , soaps , quiz shows or anything like that . 
  a sandwich or something like a pie or pasty . 
  ** `` james while john had had had had had had had had had had had a better effect on the teacher '' ** this only works with the correct punctuation however . 
  the following is just the same word : ** buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo ** both are incredibly convoluted though . 
  `` had had '' is used quite a lot . 
  greggs . 
  not a restaurant , nor is it great , but it is a british institution . 
  serves pies , pasties , doughnuts , sausage rolls , all dirt cheap . 
  i just feel it could catch on in the us quite easily , they may have to change some menu items though . 
  i ca n't think of any way . 
  if i am minding my own business on the street , i generally do not want to be talked to . 
  a brief question from someone looking confused and lost is the exception mainly : `` excuse me , is this xyz street ? '' . 
  if it goes into a further discussion i just want to get out of there . 
  the skin colour or origin of the person is utterly irrelevant . 
  why are you approaching strangers ? 
  flint tools were found of between 300,000 and 126,000 years old in the vicinity , but bristol was founded in the 1000s according to wiki . 
  amazing how small it would have been though when you look at very early maps , literally a village , a bridge and somewhere boats can dock . 
  somewhere like st ives in cornwall , but only when it is n't packed with tourists . 
  maybe less focus on the presidency , or limit their powers . 
  make it more ceremonial so people focus on their own local politics more , who then contributes to the whole . 
  more parties would help , if both could split pretty much in two it would be a start . 
   there was almost a coup in the 70s . 
  ( they thought harold wilson was a soviet spy ) interesting considering the current rumours in the us regarding trump . 
  i wonder how that would play out there . 
  it might make some trump supporters ' heads explode if they had to choose between the military and trump . 
  in a way it is the simplicity of it , a lot seems counter-intuitive too . 
  everyone has a fairly small local polling station , you register ( now by law ) and have your polling card arrive in the post . 
  no id required , you vote by hand , counting is done by hand , you vote for your local mp and the party with the most mps form a government . 
  fraud is theoretically very easy - you just turn up and give a false name - but in pratice actually influencing the result is impossible . 
  you 'd need gangs of people knowing the names and addresses of voters , physically voting on their behalf , not being spotted by staff voting multiple times ( or getting people on the inside , themselves not being spotted ) , and the people they vote as not arriving and finding their name has been crossed off the list . 
  the fact it is so open and easy to vote means any smaller cases of fraud ( someone voting for their neighbour say who they know is away ) are heavily outweighed by valid votes , so actually leads to a more accurate result . 
  counting of the votes is overseen by a lot of people and can be recounted if anything looks suspicious or results are close . 
  postal voting is a different matter , that is the only place fraud has been considered . 
  not necessarily stolen votes as such , but people putting pressures on certain communities to fill out the form and post it , when they may have no real knowledge or care about the result . 
  this was an issue in tower hamlets ( in a council election i believe ) , but was discovered and dealt with .
