  we did consider national id cards , it was decided they were too expensive and an affront to liberty . 
  the people rejected them . 
  the idea of the police stopping people on a protest and forcing them to show id is a little chilling , echoes of communism . 
  it is against the law to have the wrong address on your driving license , that is quite separate to the right to vote . 
  it takes time to update , you might not even be able to drive anyway . 
  dead people do n't get polling cards , you * completely * and fundamentally misunderstand the system . 
  the queen 's `` power '' is all in name . 
   with enouth people , a good computer and some money it certanly is possible . 
  therein lies the problem , plus it would be * incredibly * easy to find people organising such a crime . 
  why is it `` normal '' or desirable for countries to insist on all people having id , and having id on them at all times ? 
  it sounds like what you see in ex-communist hellholes where the police go round beating people up if they do n't show them their papers . 
   why would it put them of ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  in practice , it does . 
  as i said there is no mandatory national id card , so the people who have id ( with the correct , up to date address and details ) tend to be drivers or passport owners . 
  people vulnerably housed or renting may not have the right address on their official id so all they have is their polling card . 
  insisting on id is ensuring * more * votes for the establishment , * against * the average person on the street !, 
  if you want an open democracy with a good turnout ensuring the most accurate result , this is the best way of doing it . 
  there is a small risk of small scale fraud but it would be massively offset by the benefits . 
   yeah , there is nolonger any slavery in the civilized world . 
  we for example never had it , soooo . 
  i was answering why people had a problem with the idea of `` show your papers '' - it has this link in many people 's minds . 
  either slavery , or fascism , or communism , or a police state . 
  ever had any of those ? 
  the queen has no political power , so you can put the comparison aside with north korea really . 
  so in your system you look up people in a phone book , visit them to check if they are bed ridden or a teenager , then turn up at the polling station , vote for them , then repeat until your candidate has more than your rival . 
  all without getting caught or raising any suspicions . 
  then repeat across the whole country . 
  in a single day . 
  we do n't elect mayors for small towns . 
  i am talking about general elections . 
  the smallest is about 25,000 people ( far north of scotland ) , but averages at more like 50-70k . 
   you have to have your legitimation at all times anyway ( in normal countries that is ) why is it hard to show it at the poling station ? 
  you do not have to have id ( legitimation ? ), 
  at all times , nor is it a requirement to have any at all . 
  that * is * something that kim jong un would insist on !, 
  the feeling is that requirement to show id puts people off voting therefore reduces the turnout hence makes it less fair overall . 
  those who have an up-to-date passport or driving license tends to favour richer people or those who do not move house / live in rented accomodation . 
  it * increases * democracy with actually a very minor chance of small scale fraud . 
  the `` show your papers '' has echoes of the us when black people were effectively banned from voting with certain policies . 
  it is n't a problem , seriously . 
  you may have some misconceptions on how the system works . 
  this says a lot though :  or a goverment cover up i 'm probably not going to get through to you on any rational level as a grand conspiracy ( involving the queen of `` enbgland '' ? ), 
  can be the answer for everything . 
  may as well have a go though out of interest 's sake . 
   there is this brand new thing called the phone book people can get for free . 
  again , you need to turn up at the polling station , physically , and claim to be that person . 
  they have to be on the register , not have turned up already , and not turn up later on triggering a ~ ~ government conspiracy ~ ~ investigation . 
  without a polling clerk recognising you if you try it again or becoming suspicious . 
  possible if you have maybe 2-3000 volunteers . 
   go to a different place . 
  see above , same applies . 
   make sure they are either dead or bed riden or tenagers . 
  they would n't be registered to vote if they are dead , there is also how we identify `` tenagers '' or the `` bed riden '' . 
  thousands of people checking this up or just a browse of phone book you mentioned ? 
   but in towns with inly 1000 people it would surely make a difference , especialy in first past the post system constituencies are larger than that . 
  if there is a government coverup or conspiracy , * why would anyone who wanted to defraud the system even need to !, 
  * my understanding is that there is no compulsory national id , insisting would be a barrier to free participation in a vote , and perhaps counterintuitively leads to a more open and valid vote . 
  rather than only open to those who can `` show their papers '' . 
  fraud is a minor concern , although postal votes have been criticised . 
  i agree with changes that could be made there . 
  it is n't a problem actually , the main concern with fraud is postal voting . 
  if people did want to fiddle it then it would need a concerted effort for people to go round with the correct details for people on the electoral register , vote , then repeat without getting caught , or recognised , and without the real people either voting already or turning up and finding their vote has been taken already . 
  a single occcurrence of that would spark a huge investigation . 
  in constituencies where the margin is a few thousand , you would need several * thousand * more people going out and voting for other candidates . 
  i have seen no evidence of manipulation in this way to make us a `` dictatorship '' . 
  i read an article recently which looked into this , and why we have n't used computerised voting . 
  it explained the old fashioned method is actually harder to manipulate and less prone to problems . 
  a driving license , that is all . 
  very rarely use it , might get asked for id by an overenthusiastic bouncer or checkout person maybe once every couple of years . 
  that is the only real reason you 'd need it here , it is n't a legal requirement . 
  you do n't even need id to vote , you get a polling card through your letterbox , but you can just turn up and tell them your name and address . 
  like how iceberg means `` ice town '' you mean . 
  rather like how scotland hates england and cheers their opponents , but england do n't give a shit about scotland . 
  spaghetti bolognese , and various other generic italian dishes that do n't really exist there . 
  there is still a problem in a lot of people 's minds with interracial marriages . 
  not an issue here , even among oldies . 
  religion . 
  atheism has taken over christianity at the last census , yet american seems to get more religious as time goes on . 
  it is like the clock stopped in the 1800s in many ways !, 
  i read somewhere that americans would feel more nervous `` coming out '' to their parents as an atheist than coming out as gay ... 
  that is what strikes me as odd . 
  i can see the use in the home environment , you hear a noise and tackle an intruder , but out in public what are you going to do with a gun ? 
  you hear gunshots , see panic and commotion , is anyone really going to play the hero ? 
  then what happens if there is someone else with a gun - who do * they * think is the mass shooter ? 
  i have yet to see any compelling stats to suggest being armed makes yourself or society any safer . 
  but people are inherently selfish . 
  * they * want to feel safe , * they * like the idea of being like a movie star and taking out the bad guy . 
  at the same time they are fat , have no basic self defence skills at all but can hit a target in a shooting range . 
  jo cox was a bit of a one-off , gun crime is still rare in the uk . 
  they used some kind of `` makeshift '' weapon , which still is n't clear ( something resembling a musket apparently ) . 
  it is only an issue with inner city gangs who manage to get hold of guns , there have been dedicated task forces to deal with these for some time now . 
  aside from that , you probably have to go back to that bloke in cumbria , or even dunblane to find anything resembling `` american '' in its style . 
  not a chance , it would be completely impossible under far too many basic human rights laws . 
  you would quite literally need to bring back hitler for that to happen , and that is n't going to happen . 
  one notable difference is there is no payment for blood donation , it is entirely voluntary ( aside from maybe a cup of tea and a biscuit ) . 
  after american tragedies you read about lines of people waiting to donate blood , i have never heard of that in the uk . 
  we may have less tragedies however . 
  often unpaid , however . 
  religion in the uk is dying , atheism took over christianity in the last census if i remember correctly .
