yes , but they talk about denmark , not malm\u00f6 . 
  this is fucking stupid , nobody in the podcast mentioned that muslims in malm\u00f6 are responsible for the attacks . 
  slovaks are such losers ... 
  not long ago i read an interview with a retired czech cyclist . 
  he said that * everyone * in that sport was using doping , and not only on tour de france . 
  they admitted the hundreds of thousands of muslim immigrants into their country . 
  i ca n't wait when the muslims outbreed white belgians , an islamic party gets elected and instiutes strict sharia laws . 
  that will be the ultimate karma . 
  polish thieves stole it . 
  this is because most countries have been abandoning religion more gradually over a long period of time , while ireland was long considered a religious stronghold . 
  but the sex abuse scandals were a final drop after which many irish decided to leave the church . 
  in some countries there are n't many believers left , for example in the czech rep there are barely 15 % of christians , so there 's not much room for any further drop . 
  there are n't two day elections in poland ? 
  cohn-bendit fucked kids ? 
  you can tell these politically correct fairly tales to your fellow liberal americans , but here in the czech rep nobody is so stupid to believe them , because their crime apparent to everyone . 
  selective prosecution my ass . 
  i 've never heard of anyone being killed for being a gypsy , but i 've heard about a lot of brutal murders committed by gypsies . 
  60 % of all prisoners in my country are gypsies , but they 're just 2 % of the total population . 
  that 's more than telling . 
  why are you hiding behind the eu flag ? 
  are you ashamed of your country ? 
  as a dual citizen the author is biased . 
  the reality is that most czechs and slovaks do n't regret it and are happy that czechoslovakia has split up . 
  edit : grammar, 
  please stop acting like an idiot . 
  i just said what vast majority of czechs know to be true . 
  i 'm sure that most romanians just are n't blind talk openly about the problem ... just like me . 
  i do n't even know what to answer to this . 
  stop being ridiculous and go back to / r/srs or other politically correct subreddit . 
  as a romanian you probably very well know that gypsies are born to commit crimes , that 's how they `` earn '' their money in addition to welfare money . 
  most of them will inevitably end up back in prison , sooner or later . 
  klaus is a criminal and this amnesty was tailored for his thieving friends . 
  it 's too bad that the guy a few months ago who shot him with an airsoft gun did n't use a real weapon . 
  situation in the czech republic is not so bad , the press freedom is better than in the usa or russia and even than in some western european countries . 
  but turks do run around spraying each other with acid . 
  only turks do this kind of stuff in germany . 
  i just * know * it was the immigrants . 
  they do n't deserve to be called human . 
  i guess we should build new crematoriums for the german junk . 
  adopting euro now would be extraordinarily stupid . 
  my country has openly declared that it has no plans to adopt the euro anytime soon . 
  the debate is mostly about how much we hate our corrupt and incompetent politicians . 
  and then there 's the gypsy problem , the public opinion is divided about whether they should be just expulsed or outright exterminated . 
  and for gypsies there are a multitude od names , each of them expressing a different degree of hatred towards them . 
  this problem has existed for a much longer time in our country . 
  thankfully the groups that immigrate do n't tend to make many problems compared to muslims and blacks in the western europe . 
  they 're mostly vietnamese and ukrainians , who work and integrate , although there is a persistent problem with vietnamese gangs growing marijuana and smuggling goods . 
  but no street crime compared to blacks and muslims . 
  immigration from these destinations must be avoided at all costs . 
  lithuanians have always been nazis . 
  i eat noodle soup with a spoon , because `` soup '' means a liquid soup , not spaghetti . 
  spaghetti and noodles are eaten with fork , because it 's more convenient . 
  the rate of gun violence in the usa is [ the highest ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate ) in the developed world . 
  and katrina ? 
  do n't you remember it ? 
  i can attest to this . 
  in the czech republic we have one of the [ most liberal gun laws in europe , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_politics_in_the_czech_republic ) but gun ownership is n't very widespread and gun crime levels are the same as elsewhere in europe . 
  american culture is full of violence , hatred and mistrust . 
  for example during natural disasters people usually cooperate and help each other . 
  what did americans do during katrina ? 
  they murdered , looted and raped each other , new orleans had to be conquered by he us national guard and hundreds of murdered bodies rot in the streets long afterwards . 
  it 's not the guns , it 's in their heads . 
  i am strongly against both multiculturalism and multiethnicism . 
  there is only one nation and no people can become members of that nation without being born to parents who belong to that nation . 
  this is generally true in europe , with the exception of france , where being french is n't tied to particular ethnicity . 
  and it 's the same in the americas , where they have birthright citizenship . 
  countries in europe are built as nation states and different cultures or ethnicities have no place in them . 
  do you have different culture ? 
  better integrate quick . 
  are you of different race ? 
  you will never be accepted as a member of our nation . 
  most non-white immigrants today will never integrate . 
  maybe some indians , but that 's all . 
  muslims create closed communities and most blacks create ghettos and bad neighborhoods while remaining culturally distinct , just as in the us . 
  they integrated to the british society ( with the exception of jews , but jews have never been considered british anyway ) . 
  yes , 1000 years ago . 
  english , and it comes from the angles and saxons , with later additions from french by the normans , who conquered britain in 1066 . 
  and language changes do n't necessarily have to be the result of immigration . 
  there was no large-scale immigration to the uk as there is today . 
  the immigrants always assimilated to the british society . 
  there exists no country which would n't be a `` nation of immigrants . '', 
  even my country is a nation of immigrants . 
  but the difference is that the immigration happened 1000 years ago !, 
  recent non-white immigration is what this is about . 
  if this is a joke , it 's a bad joke . 
  the uk is n't the united states . 
  these results are alarming . 
  britanistan is coming . 
  or for as long as white non-muslims are finally exterminated or expelled . 
  me too . 
  fuck the eu !, 
  why do you insult the tyrolese germans , op ? 
  they 're italian citizens , not italians . 
  by no means . 
  taking the test would be pointless , i would get 45/45 . 
  i hope that they will go the norwegian way . 
  it would be unwise to join the eu again with all its current problems . 
  i do n't want to be a grammar nazi , but should n't it be `` has died '' ? 
  hungarians apparently eat to much goulash . 
  as is the portuguese incompetence .
