  everything that could go wrong , went wrong . 
  t-rex feels for you, 
  i wonder if these work if you are actually there , not looking through a monitor, 
  there is no such thing as a free lamborghini . 
  she 's ` a ` bigga ` diva . . 
  here 's [ how he does it ] ( https://www.behance.net/gallery/42151693/bryan-cranston-walter-white-process ) . 
  i find it amazing that he does n't shade the whole thing first , then going further and further into detail , but just starts from top left and paints it in almost finished as he goes . 
  that 's how many others do it too , so it 's not strange - it just seems so difficult to me , who dabbles in acrylics once in a while . . 
  so he fired him because he did n't treat hillary well , eh ? 
  sounds legit . 
  based on this paradox , they say it 's better if we do n't find life . 
  if we find life easily , it means it 's plentiful , and then the fact we have n't found signs of intelligence means there 's a `` filter '' ahead of us , a self destruct phase , which we still have to face . 
  if life is hard to find though , it means we 've already passed through this filter . 
  and feeling smug about it . 
  he 's in a superimposed quantum state and will collapse as soon as a woman hears him . 
  this is also how the iliad ends . 
  king priamus of troy , father of hector , goes to achiles to ask for his son 's body so he can bury him properly and achiles grants his wish , seeing an old man broken . 
  i think i 'm a kind person , or at least i try to be . 
  boring , i know . . 
  imagine the `` fake ! '', 
  comments underneath . 
  and you know there 'd be a `` first '' by one of the apostles, 
  poor waiter had to carry all that shit up there, 
  it started as a dare . . 
  great news !, 
  we are the unsung heros, 
  you 're right , my bad ( actually the guy 's who told me ) . 
  the head of the network who fired him said `` the audiences were going down , the programme was costing a vast amount of money , and he ( hill ) was looking a little tired . '', 
  like he 's clutching his imaginary handbag, 
  the weather would go crazy too . 
  there 'd be a tsunami every few hours and insane hurricane winds flattening everything . 
  even tv reporters would n't be able to brave it . 
  those are good for killing those cockroches in the corners, 
  i always feel guilty when i see cows being happy . 
  they do n't know . . 
  he seems to be used to humans . 
  he knew that he 'd be bitting into the cloth of her dress to drag her in . 
  otherwise it would have been a pretty hard bite . 
  you know . . 
  in the beggining i thought he had a gun when he jumped out of the car and pointed like that . 
  then the cop tazed him without any warning or command . 
  just waited until he was in range . 
  probably the right thing to do . 
  reminds me of the vsauce logo with the hands clapping overhead, 
  or a bunch of caffeinated soft drinks, 
  worked in ksa . 
  you can get a kind of home-made moonshine in water bottles , if you have a few friends ( probably in rich homes you can get anything you want ) . 
  we had a saudi driver who was an alchoholic . 
  once he lost a whole truck because he could n't find the city he was heading for so he just left it and walked away , then forgot where he left it . 
  we found it a day later . 
  needless to say he was fired . 
  not if you want to be jimmy hendrix level . 
  you got to sell your soul to the devil for that . 
  in a history class i took long ago , as the teacher was droning on , he suddenly shouts out at the top of his voice the name of a student sitting at the rear `` so and so . . 
  stand up immediately ! '' . 
  turns out the guy had been masturbating away . 
  he stood up , pants still down , then remembered to pull them up . 
  never laughed so hard . . 
   * he diminished the chances of the food accidentally falling into your mouth *, 
  sounds like the dog lawyered up, 
  he veers off a bit to the left , pushing her off the carpet , then realizes it and makes space for her and she 's like `` yeah , yeah , now look in front , you have more important things . . '', 
  yes , sometimes . 
  in the battle of salamis between the athenian greeks and the persians , the ships were manned by free athenian citizens of all classes , rich and poor next to each other . 
  after they had won , the poor demanded their rights , and that 's how the first democracy ensued . 
  it must be those iranian terrorists again . . / s, 
  edit : oh , no , i was wrong , it 's a sunni muslim , just like our friends the saudis . . 
  these new cat drones are great . 
  this is how jesus trained, 
  because they do n't support terrorism directly , and claim to fight it more than anyone and that if they were not in power terrorists would reign . 
  this is the excuse they use for not taking any refugees either , prefering to just pay some money and unload them on europe ( which is where refugees want to be anyway ) . 
  all this is kind of true , but with a huge amount of hypocricy , because , in saudi arabia specially , the government is hand in hand with religion , using it to support the strict regime they have . 
  this translates to a lot of money and support going to religious organizations and schools ( madrasas ) which teach the hardline koran and ( unofficially ) hate for the west . 
  cause my moma told me so and she would n't lie, 
  is n't he going to get into trouble for that ? 
  you ca n't realistically scour islam from europe , nor should you try , as it is exactly what the terrorists want . 
  what you * can * do , is destroy radical islam where it lives , and for that you need the help of moderate muslims , who are the vast majority . 
  meeting the future vice-president , you mean . . 
  what if you answer yes to everything ? 
  i think many of the flat-earthers ( like shaq ) are just trolling , trying to raise consciousness about how insane some of the other things people believe in are , by supporting the most outrageous belief of all . 
  this is how a cat does wtf, 
  eat octopus . 
  boiled in vinegar , then charcoal grilled , with fresh olive oil on top , mmmm ... 
  i was n't talking about myself , 
  central intelligence , when the rock starts kissing sean spicer . 
  because it was a referendum asking us if we wanted unicorns . 
  we did , but it turns out they do n't exist . 
  my theory is that this fantastic idea has already been invented , but the scientists that did it have all been assasinated by their wives . 
  it 's whether pizza deserves to be under such a glorious fruit as pineapple . 
  the answer is maybe , if it begs . 
   trump opened the friendly call by congratulating duterte for his `` unbelievable job on the drug problem . '', 
  the guy is killing people with secret militias . . 
  i actually liked jupiter ascending . 
  i should have that looked at . . 
  why does n't someone did something ? 
  i have a grudge against him for prematurely ending my favorite show, 
  that 's always how it starts . . 
  my brain is in mint condition . 
  i rarely ever use it . 
  they are reddit-ready , with upvotes hanging round their necks, 
  i watch it every summer,
