  a kindred spirit . 
  never give up , never surrender, 
  it 's trying to look as big and scary a possible . 
  those holes around the rim on the other side are for steel rivets , a difficult and lost art now days , where there was a cook to heat them in the furnace , throw them to catcher who put them in place a holder and a riveter to finish the job , all in a coordinated flow . 
  psychologist creating future patients, 
  the side looks a bit like a grizzly took a dump on it, 
  pornhub ready, 
  i 'd just sit on the porch and taunt him like ` yeah , you thought you could climb anything you little bastard , did n't you , eh , well payback 's a bitch ... ' , stuff like that . 
  it 's very therapeutic, 
  unexpected gentleman, 
  happy of course . 
  that 's the goals , always . 
  otherwise , as burt reynolds said '' * i 've been rich and miserable and i 've been poor and miserable . 
  rich and miserable is better . 
  that 's a stupid phone . 
  first of all , if you hold it up , all the icons will fall out . 
  who wants to see their own kissy face ? 
  dune , on the amiga, 
  in russia , the cup drinks * you *, 
  only he could out-trump trump, 
  what 's the song he 's dancing to ? 
  trickle down economics, 
  i do n't know why i 'm jumping , but i love it !, 
  say it by email , from very far away, 
  just follow the unicode path, 
  you can still pay for your health care if you want . 
  all you need is money . 
  elitist bitches, 
  [ another one ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gadgets/slideshows/382882/slide_382882_4558412_free.jpg ) ... 
  i really did n't need to feel this inferior . 
  it 's too early in the morning, 
  sqlater dude . . 
  a rubber duck function should return a float, 
  these nonsensical error messages should end with `` dave '', 
  it 's the life every * kid * should have, 
  she 's like mary-ann on steroids, 
  i never understood their economy . 
  they have the wealthiest businesses , but no national health-care , or free higher education , or a good social support system . 
  on the other hand , they have high taxes with the strictest tax enforcement , but also a huge national debt . 
  where does all the money go ? 
  from the thumbnail i thought it was a sequel to nacho libre, 
  ok , nobody smile ... got it !, 
  health care is huge , 28 % given there 's no national system . 
  in uk for example nhs is about 18 % of the budget . 
  also , the pensions are a huge chunk . 
  i assume it 's for government employees ( military , etc ), 
  living with the guy that made it must be challenging, 
  but the superhero we need, 
  ah , bitter irony , we meet again, 
  that 's agist, 
  i want to hang out with the one with the shoes, 
  4 months ago and no reply , poor sanjay, 
  confirm https://cryptii.com/binary/text, 
  the 2nd guy was n't happy, 
  pussycat and sourpuss, 
  there 's something supernatural going on, 
  it means you have no wants, 
  achieving the goal you set . 
  a better question is what happiness means to you . 
  for me it 's tranquility . 
  it means i have no wants . 
  with a license to pee anywhere, 
  with a license to chill, 
  i kinda agree with that . 
  it 's incompetency on the part of the writer , letting * you * tease out the main points instead of doing it himself , to cover his ass and say he did n't leave anything out . 
  same with the `` agreements '' companies make you sign . 
  apart from that , religion affects us directly . 
  it 's used by politicians to influence people and get elected , it gives cover to doubters of science , causing actual damage , it confuses children who are easier to sway , it gives rise to a whole range of hateful behavior based on us vs them , etc. 
  i 'm non-religious agnostic myself , and have no problem with religion if it 's kept private , like it 's done in most countries ( european ones at least ) . 
  even if god exists , he gave us brains . 
  use * that * instead of `` beliefs '' . 
  also , if you 're not interested , you 're not interested . 
  forcing you to wait longer is bad for the site hosting them . 
  they 'll know and target you better next time . 
  this is proof that driving on the left side is just wrong , uk . 
  from the bear 's pov it 's like a cow giving you a burger, 
  in your back . . lol . . they were so pc back then, 
  lose weight , exercise and find other interests to meet people and avoid obsessing over yourself . 
  there is someone for everyone and given the chance he 'll make you feel beautiful . 
  words ... do n't come easy , to me . . 
  snazzy reply , reply , reply ... oh gold !, 
  thank you kind stranger, 
  that 's a crime . 
  not the pot , the sentence . 
  both are talking about the same things , in a different language, 
  kidney . 
  how can people eat such evil things, 
  i love the clarity of his message, 
  it 's going to sell well to his base though . 
  they 're going to wave those flags like they 're shouting for help from a sinking ship, 
  programming is an art, 
  i do that with the earth itself . 
  it takes a bit longer, 
  i do that with the earth itself . 
  it takes a bit longer, 
  it was n't illegal to drink anything at home . 
  just to produce and sell it . 
  bullet poof !, 
  that 's proof enough, 
  they do n't know what to do with all that joy .
