  with his pants around his ankles . 
  your move american airlines . 
  it 's a myth . 
  we never do that, 
  you 're so dumb , oh dog that talks . 
  he 's peddling hate , that 's the problem . 
  it 's understandable when this is done before the elections , but not when you are president . 
  he must be fought on this . 
  yeeha !, 
  i never lie, 
  coal mining, 
  i tell people my armpits do n't smell but they do n't believe . 
  they 'll feel really stupid now . . 
  hard to walk away from that looking like you meant to do it, 
  did he confess in the end ? 
  i have a new hero, 
  you 're right . 
  but that 's because he 's supposed to be the kindergarten teacher . 
  instead he 's the brat who kicks everyone in the shins . 
  if those people were presidents , i 'm sure they would reign in their impulses . 
  trump is not being ridiculed because he 's a fool on twitter , but because he 's the president of the most powerful and supposedly the most moral nation on earth , who 's a fool on twitter ( and not only ) . 
  living vicariously through ops, 
  the most successful drug lord in the world , dreaming of being a 2-bit gangster . 
  the power of hollywood, 
  you mean the man-bun was n't enough ? 
  good , because me and my wife have been having the same sex for years now, 
  i suppose those are sandbags , so the worshipers can be protected if there is bombing . 
  that 's a lot of work ... 
  i want to skip along that road wearing ruby slippers, 
  wait , what about time travel ? 
  golden faucet , plush white cat ... 
  it 's either goldfinger or the ghost of liberace, 
  could it be that the world is coming to it 's senses ? 
  i think you need to re-calibrate your radar, 
  that 's quite an involved knot, 
  another one i like along the same lines - men who are close insult each other , but they do n't mean it . 
  women , instead , compliment each other . 
  but they do n't mean it either . 
  just one ? 
  from what i 've heard , the koran promises women that in heaven they 'll be with their husbands again . 
  of course he 'll be with the virgins ( or ex-virgins ) , so ... 
  and sad . 
  that 's the feeling i get more and more . 
  now i get sad . 
  so much stupid . . 
  it was a recursive function . 
  kept calling itself . 
  such a narcissist . 
  those are some serious glasses, 
  peaky blinders cool, 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i was freaking out, 
  these were some really high class presidential contenders these elections, 
  it 's a sign of the times . 
  [ arghh ] ( http://www.theartstory.org/images20/works/munch_edward_3.jpg ), 
  that 's so human . . 
  am i on the list if i just upvoted ? 
  i 'm not , am i ? 
  she did n't think she 'd get in trouble . 
  it says he recorded her secretly . 
  in any case , she should be in prison . 
  6 years at least . 
  not only because of sending someone to jail , but also for making it all the more difficult for real rape victims to come out . 
  is that a gun in your pocket or are you just gl ... oh , it 's a fish . . 
  you do n't want to hear that from your doctor though, 
  and short the stock market, 
  in alaska they receive '' * a $ 1k to $ 2k yearly cheque * '' , from their '' * $ 52-billion rainy day fund that 's largely made up of oil revenues * '' ... zuckerburg praises this payout as a being '' * funded by natural resources rather than raising taxes * '' and the article says that '' * it 's the closest thing the us has to an ongoing basic income experiment . 
  yeah , ok , if you got a trust fund of oil money , you can distribute $ 100/month . 
  what do you do if you got several billion debt ? 
  hey , spoiler warning, 
  my other account, 
  i do n't think it 's a fake . . 
  the bear 's movements seem normal for an aggressive attack . 
  as for why they were filming , it * is * strange , but maybe they 'd seen it going into the woods before and thought they could catch a glimpse . 
  the car had slowed down . 
  a personal one , specially to people i do n't know . 
  that we kill a hell of a lot of them - usda slaughter stats 2008 =, 
  cattle : 35,507,500, 
  pigs : 116,558,900, 
  chickens : 9,075,261,000, 
  layer hens : 69,683,000, 
  broiler chickens : 9,005,578,000, 
  turkeys : 271,245,000, 
  i want to believe . . 
  everybody has, 
  my name is being-wonderful, 
  what is he made out of ? 
  they both look satisfied, 
  i like light classical music when i work . 
  i 'd love to hear new stuff , with nice melodies . 
  it always seems to be the same old stuff , some of which is very pompous . 
  agree . 
  and in my experience ( used to smoke 3 packs a day , quit 20 years ago ) , taking the actual decision to really quit , is the hardest part . 
  you have to realize that it 's your job , and there 's no one else that can help you . 
  after that , it 's relatively easy . 
  i find dieting much harder . 
  when you quit smoking , you 're done , it 's out of your system , but with food , you still have to eat every day . 
  i 'm still looking for that `` money for nothing and chicks for free '' place, 
  women , their looks , men , their jobs . 
  i 'm very shallow , i 'm working on it,
