  patriotism , nationalism , racism , etc , all promote loyalty and belonging , which is very useful in sustaining a strong and successful social group , so i guess they 're evolutionary traits . 
  it 's just that with some , like patriotism , you 're supporting your own group , whereas with nationalism and racism you 're putting others down and being a general all around dick . 
  when did we start using cuck ? 
  i 'm still at dick . . 
  hate for science . 
  people who are wrong, 
  the mast grew, 
  do you feel lucky ? . . 
  well , do ya , punk ? 
  [ this ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/03/05/article-2573756-1c0cf8de00000578-839_964x833.jpg ), 
  also , steve jobs . 
  if there was a cure , he 'd be alive . 
  that 's confusing as hell . . from what i understand , seeing the trash cans all in a line , the whole face is a wall ( ? ), 
  how * you * doin ? 
  yes , the writing looks pretend-childish . 
  the scientific view is that there is none because the brain is an organ and when it dies , it 's gone . 
  the only way i see out of that is if the brain is like a radio that tunes in a radio station which is the actual you . 
  the fact that the radio is broken and has bad or no reception , does n't mean the station is dead too . 
  far fetched , i know , but then so is our whole existence . . 
  reddit is a good example . 
  its reward system drives people to work hard to create posts , comment , etc , even if the reward has only psychological value . 
  imagine if you could eat karma or cash it in at the bank . 
  after he stepped all over the pie . . 
  yes , i 'm sure the investigation will be a shining example of impartiality and transparency . 
  civilization . 
  too many people thinking that things were better in the past , with fewer rules and restrictions . 
  they were not . 
  why equate trump hating with america hating ? 
  i found it to be a very shallow and stupid book . 
  from what i remember , at some point towards the end he acquires the power to control the wind , yet * that * is not what proves important . 
  the important thing , what he was seeking , was near home all along . 
  and what was this incredible thing ? 
  enlightenment ? 
  the power to make the world better ? 
  to cure disease ? 
  it was a sack of money for himself . 
  yep , that 's it . . 
  it 's story a fund manager would write . 
  he 's a very stylish sleeper, 
  i like that better . 
  `` think alike '' and `` rarely differ '' in the end amount to the same thing . . 
  i think `` do n't be an asshole '' is a good guide, 
  he 's leaving something for you on that towel, 
  i read that happiness varies according to the difference between your reality and your expectations . 
  when constantly bombarded with false expectations , reality will have a hard time living up to them . 
  i do n't understand why someone would not care to know the truth about a person who criticizes others , divides a nation and takes decisions that affect your life , while hiding his own history . 
  some say the world will end in fire , some say in ice . 
  from what i 've tasted of desire , i hold with those who favor fire , but if it had to perish twice , i think i know enough of hate , to say that for destruction , ice , is also great , and would suffice . 
  - robert frost, 
  the shire, 
  not fast enough , despite those stream lined ears, 
  [ this is her with the other match officials ] ( http://www.csakfoci.hu/images/_news/02017/aaprilis02/part1.jpg ) . 
  the other lines-woman was wearing a bra and no water fell on her . 
  water knows ... 
  i only have things that make it not worth dying . 
  that 's what i 'd use as heaven if i ever made a film, 
  today . . 
  this is what all this over-hyping of reality by populists and newshounds does . 
  every sad looser with a grudge or a hare-brained plan , tries to use `` terrorism '' to give meaning to their useless existence . 
  more of a reality disabled help group, 
  * `` ouu . . look at me , and my fancy patterns . . 
  does it catch more flies ? 
  that 's what i want to know !, 
  '' * - other spiders, 
  it also looks like he 's dragging the anchor . 
  would love to know the back story . . 
  he should have reversed the engines ( or the propellers if they 're adjustable ) , to stop or at least slow down . 
  maybe he thought he could make the turn in time , but even if he had a strong bow thruster he 'd have crashed sideways . 
  i hope they succeed . 
  it will be like proving magic exists . 
  this should be taught in schools, 
  who knew computing was so complicated, 
  now they say dark matter may not even exist . 
  they infer it because without it they ca n't explain the movement of stars , but [ a new theory of gravity ] ( http://earthsky.org/space/erik-verlinde-gravity-theory-no-need-dark-matter ) may do the job just as well . . 
  i understood everything he said . 
  there 's a lesson there for all of us, 
  maybe mr. bowtie is her former boyfriend, 
  listening to people talk about themselves . 
  my father , 87 , with cancer a couple of weeks before he died . 
  i loved him very much but never really expressed it in words , feeling too awkward . 
  when i told him how much i 'd miss him , he asked `` really ? '', 
  and cried , as if he did n't know . 
  i 'm so glad i got to tell him and i cry every time i think of it . 
  holding back is wrong . 
  the people who made them are all dead or have jumped out of windows, 
  infinity . 
  but i 'm glad i do n't understand it because it means there 's more to this world than we can understand . 
  the one ring before gollum got hold of it, 
  yet he voted for brexit, 
  i do n't think so , but it 's the same idea . 
  an animal or human takes the blame for everyone else :, 
   the ancient greeks practiced a scapegoating rite in which a cripple or beggar or criminal ( the pharmakos ) was cast out of the community , either in response to a natural disaster ( such as a plague , famine or an invasion ) or in response to a calendrical crisis ( such as the end of the year ) . 
  reading this at the office . . 
  if we 're talking replacement cost , my life . 
  great idea . 
  mexicans will pay for it . 
  i love the round ones, 
  how i 'd behave if i was ever in a war, 
  probably not the only thing needed , but exercise will certainly help . 
  it will give you confidence , make your body feel better and get you out of the house .
