  your mind will follow . 
  is that bernadette from the big bang theory ? 
  there was another post recently talking about `` the fall '' . 
  it 's a fantastic movie with great visuals , but little known . 
  english patient . 
  because men and women are not the same . 
  men , for example , can rape women . 
  women ca n't do the same to men ( not really ) . 
  so the `` proper '' behavior for a woman is to be careful . 
  being a slut is the opposite of that . 
  civilization has changed perceptions in the west , but not in most of the world . 
  they 're even color coordinated with the balconies . 
  tonight we dine at mcdonald 's !, 
  not an expert , but the stock market does seem to be bubbling up . 
  fabulousness exploded . 
  it helps my wife , which in turn helps me , so yeah . 
  how helicopters were invented, 
  shoes are not needed ( in jungles at least , i do n't know mountains ) , but i would think most ( if not all ) existing primitive human tribes wear some kind of clothing or apparatus for vigorous activity ( hunting , battle , etc ) to protect breasts and genitals & bring them under control . 
  it was buffering there for a while, 
  i had a cousin who did this . 
  started with `` you know how much this costs ? 
  then he 'd wait a critically timed period , long enough to let you think , but not to formulate an answer , and cut in with `` but i got it for $ 50 ! ' . 
  then that look : * go ahead , be impressed . 
  and how much wine you smoked, 
  you sound like a delightful person . 
  it was a mistake , but i then thought it made it sound deeper , so i decided it was one of those `` happy '' mistakes and left it , 
  i wonder what he thought when they started lathering up his backside, 
  something is getting ready to bust out of there . 
   . . and i 'm left with a raging election . 
  sums up 2016 better than any comment i 've seen, 
  she just told him she 's going make a coat out of him, 
  it 's not what you got , it 's how you use it ( a friend told me ) . 
  dracula 's pickup line, 
  next question : who 's on first ? 
  very intense gaze . 
  beautiful, 
  where is that camera mounted ? 
  i was asking because i would expect it to be somewhere around his shoulders , but it seems to be near his tail . 
  i shall name him dandelion, 
  jesus christ superstar . 
  computers . 
  started off with a programmable calculator , then sinclair , atari , amiga and so on . 
  a consensus has been formed, 
  they must get very few complaints, 
  it still took a long time for me to see it . 
  it 's like one of those magic eye things, 
  trump is doing what he does in his businesses - trying to get others to pay for him, 
  stamina and stench . 
  i used to smoke maybe 3 packs a day , stopped 20 years ago . 
  even now i have twice the stamina i had then and my house , car , clothes , etc do n't stink anymore . 
  well , not from smoking anyway . 
  there 's a guy in the middle who 's ruining the whole thing, 
  get one of those haircuts , pronto . 
  plus if someone tries to steal it , at least you get a thrill, 
  swept back bouffant with close shaved sides , like our glorious leader . 
  chicks go crazy for it . 
  i would like to add myself to the list of people who think people who repost comments are the bottom feeders of reddit . 
  i know this one but i 'm not telling, 
  any time you can work in the word `` love '' you 're getting ahead, 
  fall . 
  it 's like sunday afternoon, 
  no shit !, 
  wow . . 
  maybe a tail too, 
  evaluating torture methods for guantanamo . 
  we know about the pee tape eric, 
  meanwhile the us has the most expensive health system in the world , more than countries which do offer universal health care . 
  the problem is the medical industry , not the helping of others . 
  should n't there be an app for this by now ? 
  the house is [ only the first step ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/mw4x-k24jiq/hqdefault.jpg ), 
  i tried , but i was laughing too hard, 
  how many of those can you take in a life time ? 
  there must be some damage with each one . . 
  a lady i saw in a super-market who had found a bottle of vinegar over its expiration date , was asking to buy it at a reduced price . 
  the owner was having none of it , telling her that vinegar ca n't expire . 
  it just becomes more `` vinegary '' . 
  i left before it was resolved , otherwise i 'd have an answer for you . . 
  great parenting means teaching the important things first . 
  the only reason for a national currency is to devalue it . 
  that 's why populist want it . 
  it gives them a means to fool their voters , play the good guy , while running the economy into the ground . 
  it depends . 
  women are usually weaker than men . 
  their hitting does n't really hurt and you can just stop them without hitting back . 
  so it 's not equal . 
  if on the other hand you have ronda rousey after you , fight like a bitch . 
  nice ass . . 
  poseidon in speedos, 
  it 's so cat . 
  adultery is hard, 
  if you remember , we went through more than a decade of world wide spending , until the crisis came . 
  no one was counting deficits then . 
  we now have much more control though and with much pain , are returning to normalcy . 
  abolishing the euro will just enable populist politicians to return to those practices . 
  why else would they want it ? 
  to devalue it so as to boost exports ? 
  the euro is low as it is . 
  they just want to print money . 
  france has suffered from populism . 
  see how well hollande did with his promises ?
