  le pen is saying exactly the same thing , with different words - hey , i have an easy way to get rich !, 
  as they say , fool me once , shame on you ... 
  not of everything . 
  but of themselves , they certainly do . 
  at least most of the women i know . 
  and hello to more jobs . 
  lame . . 
  i 'm getting 42 virgins . 
  also , you are anonymous . 
  delete your account , create a new one and all your sins are forgiven . 
  back in the 70 's i had a transfer student in my school , from norway iirc , who used to listen to a band that always made him cry . 
  that 's how i first learned of pink floyd . 
  neck tatoo and taunting the police . 
  he 's got a bright future ahead of him . 
  looks like a red panda is trying to strangle him, 
  is it a rabbit ? 
  is it a lion ? 
  sea food . 
  it 's all fried with heavy sauces . 
  she was bad ? 
  it 's position is just so descriptive of what happened . 
  they let her out , she goes right back in, 
  badly thought out morality and crime prevention , i would guess , and as with most such restrictions , it has the exact opposite effect . 
  if it was legal and controled , it would be safer health wise , it would do away with traffiking and crime and it would provide a service that has been around since the beggining of time . 
  it would also be restricted to specific areas , far from schools and residential neighbourhoods . 
  upvotes specifically, 
  that 's a lot of dickbutt, 
  translated to internetish : lol, 
  mountains get all the breaks, 
  exactly . 
  she does n't even have to share all your interests , as long as she does n't get in their way . 
  if you taste one it will seem horrible . 
  it grows on you though , specially with fresh bread , tomatoes and feta cheese . 
  as for olive oil , it 's the best thing there is . 
  i use it everywhere . 
  crash and burn and mayhem and mr. maggo walks away , no injuries , no problem . 
  apart from talent , i can not understand where they find the patience and dedication to paint such exact and detailed copies , matching all the colors so exactly . 
  at least send nudes was not insulting, 
  you just have to copy one of the systems other countries have . 
  the us had the most expensive system in the world . 
  it can certainly afford it if it makes the changes needed . 
  two of the things that make the us health system the most expensive in the world , are also the cost of education , which results in fewer and debt ridden doctors ( in germany for example higher education is free ) , and of malpractice insurance against irrationally huge damages handed out by courts . 
  ok , nobody say cheeese ... got it . 
  i 'm with this bot . 
  how difficult is it to make mp4s loop and pop-up on mouse over ? 
  it 's not only in the arab world and it 's [ not only men ] ( https://qz.com/929043/these-are-the-countries-where-more-women-than-men-say-a-womans-place-is-in-the-home-according-to-gallup-and-the-international-labour-organization-released-on-international-womens-day/ ), 
  that escalated unexpectedly . . 
  there 's a selection ? 
  it 's like the sky is on fire, 
  posing . 
  who would have thought people would actually vote for trump ? 
  ok , it 's not you , it 's him . 
  they have `` truth '' in their name . 
  i trust them completely . 
  i have an iphone . 
  never tried anything else , till i bought my wife a samsung recently , at a thrid of the price . 
  it is just as good , with tons of memory and apps . 
  next time i 'm getting one . 
  i 'm not sure `` lynched '' is correct here . 
  lynching is a deliberate act , and i ca n't imagine a 12yr old boy would be deliberatly lynched . 
  it 's feelings about the lemon are not clear but they are strong, 
  washing off the blood of a punk who felt lucky , but was not . 
  i do n't have a wallet . 
  my butler pays for me . 
  knock knock, 
  it seems the court threw the book at her , with jail and fines , so it 's either an extremely corrupt system ( which is difficult to believe in a democratic country like india ) or it 's true . 
  there should be a bot that whenever `` saudi '' is mentioned it will add '' ( the country where almost all 9/11 terrorists came from ) '' . 
  on your iphone , ipad , or ipod touch :, 
  open the photos app and go to the albums tab . 
  tap the hidden album . 
  select the photo or video that you want to unhide . 
  if you need to actually hide photos , there are password protected apps that do it . 
  how old is she ? 
  this is quite advanced . 
  love the colors . 
  that dog suddenly became 2 dogs, 
  i have a hard time going awww when she 's looking at me like that . 
  wow , i did n't know this was such a sin ... 
  maybe it 's the same guy, 
  hopefully during the visiting hours, 
  i mean , how can you resist a request starting with `` daddy ... '' and a pouting lip . 
  in some countries , in the past , the bride and groom used to go to their room while the guests waited and after the act , the groom came out and showed the bed sheet with the blood spot where the bride lost her virginity . 
  this served to show that she was virgin and that they had had sex , completing the marriage . 
  i guess this is a very civilized version of that , to show that the bride and groom actually like each other and it 's not a sham . 
  judging by the heavy clothes the others are wearing , these girls are tough . . 
  judging by the cab in total recall , they 'll be real jerks . 
  probably video you and report you for jaywalking . 
  he 's ready to play !, 
  apocalypse means `` uncovering '' , so anywhere you go you 'll be uncovered . 
  just relax and enjoy the show . 
  you can do both . . 
  try to validate some part of their side of the argument . 
  and smile . 
  i admire their restraint . 
  i hope if that happens to me i 'll keep a cool head like they did and not `` deal with it myself '' as that guy in the video suggests . 
  pretty much as i expected . 
  the guy did n't try to hide the crazy before elections . 
  we 're getting exactly what they voted for . 
  not safe, 
  that last one with the bride & priest ending in the pool , is epic .
