  in greece , it 's always on a sunday . 
  i think this makes the most sense of all . 
  why does that guy in red appear twice ? 
  tell me that 's not a glitch in the matrix, 
  i feel he would talk in french , with a lisp, 
  forget the last frame . 
  listen to the lobster . 
  program in c, 
  lol, 
  where is that street which has only beautiful women ? 
  this ai was modelled on mr. bean, 
  it sounded so innocent . . 
  recently i put an advertisement on a european site , for selling a second hand ( almost new ) laptop . 
  within 3 days , i got 4 different emails , wanting to buy it . 
  they were all from people supposedly from canada , who wanted to pay me through paypal . 
  they would pay me 200 more that the asking price , and i was supposed to use the extra money to send the laptop to someone in nigeria . 
  i almost went ahead with the 1st one , but cancelled last moment . 
  i 'm still not sure if it was a scam , but it sure felt like it ... 
  it should be the `` order '' button , so at least you get some exercise before feasting, 
  he should be the mascot for a hair salon, 
  if that nose knew what it was in for , it would have left, 
  it 's kale , we know, 
  he 's looking up at the rest , like , have they seen me yet ? 
  i can save this . . 
  it never happened, 
  the dog was a rottweiler . 
  either the guy is much braver and stronger that he looks , or this was consensual, 
  the real problem though is in africa , india , etc , not the west . 
  specially now with longer life spans and globalization . 
  i do n't know ... 
  this has everything to do with scam and nothing to do with bamboo, 
  jezzz ... 
  some people . . 
  that 's why it 's important to debug your code, 
  it should have a go-pro on its head, 
  or maybe he was kissed by a big lipped clown , up side down . 
  we 'll never really know . 
  it 's all energy in the end , as per e = mc2, 
  according to the hitch hikers guide though , they are smarter than us, 
  they 've teleported the information , not the particles themselves, 
  i do n't know how he did it , but that does n't mean it 's magic, 
  my favorite series back then . 
  stylish and cool, 
  i still feel nauseous whenever i see her now, 
  i 'm trying to think what 's * not * different . 
  women do n't get into coding because they 're not interested , not because they ca n't . 
  now with facebook and all the other social networking apps though , they see the benefits , so i think this may be changing . 
  looks like she has a wedgie, 
  damn gay pirates . . 
  she was scared as hell . . 
  it 's hard to tell with those poker faces cats have, 
  i 'm collecting karma so i can be reborn an arab sheik, 
  it would require it 's own approved roads with golden toll booths, 
  users must be lining up, 
  as many as it takes, 
  all those guys are totally not fantasizing about her, 
  it made a huge amount of difference . 
  in 2014 we were almost out of the memorandum ( mail hardouveli ) , with small but upward moving growth and good prospects . 
  now we are 100 billion in the hole , with capital controls , unbearable taxes and a communist ( & somehow also right-wing ) government who will do whatever they have to to stay in power . 
  the only prospects we have is that sometime , they will hopefully leave . 
  is that all the earth is worth ? 
  the fact that after all this economic destruction , maduro is still in power , shows the problem with communism and the army of dependent-voters it inevitably builds for itself . 
  this is meant for ships , to stabilize the display when you 're in a storm, 
  software pirates use this a lot . 
  they know no fear, 
  that used to be the case . 
  nowdays , it 's more like , to hell with measurements , let 's make a crystal castle to keep the glass in . 
  you can unsubscribe any time you like , but you can never leave, 
  i 'm not surprised , with * that * attitude, 
  diabolical . 
  and all while seeming a nice , caring guy, 
  yeah , keep searching , it 's always at the last place you look, 
  both are smiling . 
  the german because he 's going to play for the nba , the us soldier because he 'll be his agent . 
  `` see these pockets ? 
  they 're going to be full . '', 
  does it work ? 
  or george burns playing god again, 
  true , i checked it . 
  i wonder how difficult such things are for ai to sort out, 
  i have no such experience, 
  yeah ? 
  i agree , except for samaras . 
  in 93 he was catastrophic by overthrowing mitsotakis , but in 12-14 he did a good job , given the circumstances , and the numbers show it ( except the last 6 months when he tried populism again since it was obvious there would be elections and he 'd lose ) . 
  the greatest disappointment for me was karamanlis ( 04 ) . 
  he never gave a single fight , ballooned the state cost , and delivered a greece in deep crisis . 
  of course greeks voted ( as always ) for mr. `` money exists '' , but that does n't absolve him . 
  the current government is a distillation of all this populist mother-state mentality , giving what i hope is it 's last fight . 
  yes you are, 
  how dare you ? 
  without a job there 's no banana, 
  moses poses, 
  that could be an actual trophy if dogs ruled the earth, 
  people who do n't return their carriages should never be fed lines . 
  it 's one small step to the matrix from there, 
  it 's sad to see civilization moving backwards, 
   i still feel 30 , except when i try to run . 
  that 's so true . 
  i 'm a handsome , young , athletic dude with great hair , except when i look in the mirror . 
  tbf , the expression of the red haired cat in the first picture gave him ample warning,
