  but it was a trick question . 
  * '' [ xemu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/xenu ) , was , according to scientology founder l. ron hubbard , the dictator of the galactic confederacy who 75 million years ago brought billions of his people to earth ( then known as `` teegeeack '' ) in dc-8-like spacecraft , stacked them around volcanoes , and killed them with hydrogen bombs . 
  do n't let pigs fool you with good deeds . 
  left to their own devices , they create dictatorships and cheat at poker . 
  old mafia saying, 
  the main founders were the `` atreides '' , which is the same family as in the novel , dune , set 10,000 years from now , so we 're going to be around for a long time . 
  surprising news of the day, 
  that 's insensitive . 
  we 're called androids . 
  it should wear a polyester suit and call itself larry, 
  who would ask `` why are my flaps itchy '' ? 
  who besides aliens ? 
  yes , but ask disk 0 how it feels . 
  it 's just not fair . 
  `` sexhaver '' wants us to know, 
  i saw a documentary on [ chuck yeager ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/chuck_yeager ) , who said he tells himself he ca n't do anything about it , so he forgets the danger . 
  i tried it , and i think it did help a bit, 
  check the source . 
  big publications like the economist , times , etc will have researched their material . 
  ivan on facebook , not so much . . also institutions , universities , people with reputations on the line . 
  you can understand it , no matter what language you speak, 
  impressing the lady psychologists, 
  saying what you really mean is n't advisable if what you mean is hateful . 
  it 's not advisable for normal people much less presidents . 
  tbf though , `` no one is born hating another person '' , full stop . 
  babies do n't care . 
  he 's equating 2 sides . 
  one supports racism and hate . 
  the other is reacting to this . 
  they are not the same . 
  in wwii both germans & allies were violent and showed up to fight . 
  their reasons were not the same though . 
  i wonder what he thinks makes him better than people of other races, 
  it says the comment was edited . 
  i wonder what he changed . 
  ctr-v ` ed a few more f lines i 'm guessing, 
  a 20 yr old , with a gun and an attitude . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  the us is one of the very few places in the world where something like this could happen ( i 'm guessing , i do n't actually know of any others ), 
  now your armpits smell . 
  you a pilot, 
  and a look of wtf you looking at ? 
  that 's bigly beautiful . 
  judging by them , it 's already too late, 
  that awkward moment when you realize the bunny is smarter than you are . 
  tbf though , it 's still 2017, 
  the bra designers are the real unsung heroes, 
  apocalyptic cupcake is a scifi horror movie that * must * be made, 
  i use fanity . 
  i 'm not sure the pro version is worth it, 
  for terrorists . 
  that 's where they like to hide, 
  vampires do n't exist . 
  we 've been extinct for centuries, 
  i wish i was that cool, 
  it would n't be a security question if you could answer it, 
  if ai does n't take over the world , pinky and the brain * will *, 
  opinions may vary depending on your age , but for me , it 's pure genius, 
  this is how you fight terrorism, 
  this guy had a history of violence towards his wife . 
  it 's sad that you ca n't do anything about someone you see is going to be a problem , until it happens, 
  trump is an amoral populist who targets some to get the approval of others . 
  he does this solely for personal gain , not caring that it poisons public life , resulting in a weaker country . 
  i do n't think he 's a true racist either . 
  i think he 's a trumpist , in that he believes he 's better than everyone . 
  but he should be labeled and branded as one , because he gives them a voice . 
  what do robots do on the internet ? 
  he gona get a null pointer tonight, 
  his expression is priceless . 
  i hope they sent him the photo, 
  new jersey is the perfect place to hide all those lost pages . 
  next to the bodies . 
  but sometimes when we touch , the honesty 's too much ... and i have to close my eyes . . aaaaand hide ... 
  i 'm more [ like this ] ( https://cdn.theatlantic.com/assets/media/img/2016/05/select_32/facebook.jpg?1463509000 ), 
  that 's insane . . how can people just shrug it off ? 
  that 's one hot dog . 
  the problem though was that we could * not * get a loan . 
  i still ca n't wrap my head around the fact that such things as quantum superposition , or infinity for that matter , actually exist . 
  it 's like magic . 
  it 's much better now with the instant replay and the yellow cards . 
  it used to be a complete theatre in the past, 
  so short term memory is ram and everything is lost when you power-off , while the hard drive does a chkdsk and defrag . 
  just repeating for my robot friends . 
  i always liked that word . 
  its sounds mysterious , its got al gore and rhythm right there in the name , you can really impress with it, 
  we may sit mumbling in the dark , but we got our pride !, 
  damn those uranian and neptunian billionaires with their fancy diamond studded tiaras . 
  they 'll be the first against the wall when the revolution comes . 
  he does n't lose the title or respect as a boxer . 
  just as a human being . 
  dude , you 're in someone 's house . 
  get out before you get arrested, 
  i know . 
  i 'm asking what the reasoning is behind them being given this power . 
   because the president is a prudent and honorable man ( as by the opinion of hamilton no other could be chosen by the country as a whole lulz ), 
  that may be outdated , but it actually makes sense . 
  like a relief valve . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , my old self , 3 years ago , was a real a-hole . 
  who 's giving all our secrets away ?
