  he has that redditor air, 
  i have some for sale if you want, 
  after extensivish testing , i can confrim, 
  being thrown out of a spaceship without a suit . 
  unless another spaceship using the improbability drive happens by . . 
  use q-tips carefully . 
  it feels good and i overdid it once and inflamated the tender skin inside . 
  it hurts like hell , so much that i had to eat soup for a week because i could n't chew . 
  the doctor told me the right instrument to use is my little finger . 
  it 's just the right size . 
  i have n't , but the stupidity of people who vote for lying ass populists peddling hate and ignorance , are trying me . . 
  the doctor told me it was inflamation from the q-tip . 
  he did n't say anything about infection . 
  i do n't know how people can trust a little outcropping of rock to not break off suddenly . 
  i 'd need a parachute and a life line to a helicopter idling overhead to go near that thing . 
  [ terrorist trainning cartoon ] ( https://www.askideas.com/media/30/funny-terrorist-school-picture.jpg ) , 
  the `` mass immigration '' you mention is largely a result of us meddling , and it 's really ridiculous to hear so many americans screaming scarred about it , from the other side of the world , with an ocean in between . 
  you get what you pay for, 
  what happened to america ? 
  we have ejection at t-minus 3 ... 2 ... 
  politician . 
  did n't work out well for hal, 
  the older dog must be its father . 
  its so embarrassed . 
  the implication in the sign is that as soon as this period is over , * get out of my way !, 
  i think they 'd rather just suspect it . 
  being told would make it too awkward . 
  religion is the enabler . 
  the only thing stopping us from being assholes , is the law and the consequences we would suffer . 
  religion gives you the permission . 
  louis ck has a relevant funny bit - [ if murder was legal ] ( https://youtu.be/mqur2rkjyku ), 
  it 's more of a non-decision, 
  you just put on some ear-plugs and have a nice massage, 
  where 's the cat ? 
  much less than i hoped . 
  i 've been reading sci-fi since the 70s . 
  no one talked about mobile phones , the internet , genetics , etc. 
  it was all about robots , spaceships and moon bases , which have proven much more difficult than we thought . 
  it makes us dream about the future though , and that 's a good thing . 
  the cat is in a / r/wohadude state of mind , it 's bong just off screen, 
  duterte and the moro islamic liberation front , were the furthest thing from my mind when i saw milf and clicked . 
  puppies , milfs and southern fried chicken . 
  they may have died off from pests . 
  we have to constantly douse ours in medicine to keep them bug free . 
  good looking people problems sound like rich people problems, 
  he 's one of my favourite characters though and i 'm glad he was included . 
  i 'm just sorry he was n't given a bigger role . 
  when he pulls him back he almost falls over . 
  like , how powerful is that thing ? 
  ubisoft is french , so , * un propre merdeposte *, 
  i was trying to write a novel sometime ago and wanted to find out the best way to knock a person out . 
  i used the `` incognito '' mode . 
  he should be an artist . 
  the letters are perfect . 
  the only 2 countries which are not part of the agreement are syria and nicaragua . 
  the agreement is voluntary . 
  the us agreed to reduce emmissions by about 27 % with obama ( 2005 to 2025 ) , whereas with trumps plans it will be about 17 % . 
  so i do n't understand why trump would not just reduce the us 's pledge using one of his bs excuses ( there are no penalties ) , and is instead trying to vilify the us in the eyes of the world . 
  . . but on the horizon surrounding the shoppers , came the deafening roar of chickens in choppers, 
  the tazer has no effect on him . 
  he does n't even flinch . 
  should n't he be wearing a cape ? 
  writing software while dreaming of hardware, 
  even this is a false picture , because china is a huge manufacturing base and much of the emissions it produces are for products destined for the us and the rest of the world . 
  as for per capita , trump himself , with his private jets , etc , is probably one of the worlds greatest polluters . 
  do n't they have relief valves ? 
  this will greatly deter terrorists because , as we all know , they never lie . 
  also , dogs had jobs , rounding up livestock , etc , whereas cats were just cute , free loading divas . 
  exactly that . 
  nobody is innocent . 
  the us have chosen to support one side because that 's what the saudis and israelis want , against the other side , which is fighting back as would anyone in their place . 
  meanwhile , it 's from that side ( the sunni muslims we support ) that all the terrorist come . 
  moreover , the ban targets iranians , etc , whereas all the terrorists are from the other side , the sunni muslims . 
  it 's like when saudis did 9/11 and we attacked iraq , cause saudis are our friends and dammit , we have to attack someone !, 
  these are crazies fighting crazies and i 'm afraid of what they will bring back . 
  i think we have to realize that democracy is still too advanced of a system for these countries , because they have no trusted , independent institutions yet . 
  assad , for example , is a real nightmare , but the war was even worse . 
  same with saddam . 
  that 's exactly why trump 's statement is so destructive to the us . 
  he could have just reduced us 's pledge . 
  it was voluntary anyway . 
  instead , and for totally personal political reasons , he chose to make a spectacle of it and weaken the us , allowing everyone , iran and north korea included , to ridicule the us . 
  this is them chuckling . . 
  not true . 
  i 've been to iran and took rides in taxis driven by women , talking loudly against some government decision or other . 
  try that in saudi arabia . 
  it 's not really a matter of `` philosophy '' ( except maybe for very few ) , rather the foggy romantic and childish ideal of a `` fight to overthrow the system '' , without any idea of what they really want . 
  many of them are even from rich families . 
  it 's the excitement seek more than anything else and because , as a nation , we are very tollerant of young people destroying things , they go at it . 
  i tried to understand but failed . 
  i think if they showed me an actual country they want us to be like , i 'd have a better chance of understanding . 
   iranian and al qaeda-linked forces, 
  iran and al queda / isis are mortal enemies . 
  the us has by far the largest and richest it corporations , and logically the best brains on the planet working for them . 
  the fact that `` russian hackers '' ( let alone wikileaks ) can supposedly run circles around them is so very strange . 
  how you say `` oh snap '' in korean, 
  worship me , for i walk on water, 
  this sounds like isis saying '' * iran is not the problem , we are the problem . 
  maybe that 's why they want the change, 
  not even the left pocket ?
