ah , you 're using logic . 
  cameron is coming out with this line of crap to pander to ukip leaning tory voters . 
  logic has no place in his tiny little mind . 
  agreed . 
  what would be interesting is the figures for the other countries this is happening to and where they are all going . 
  i 'm sure the same is happening in spain , portugal and greece . 
  where are they all ending up . 
  heard uk and germany are the top spots , but i 'm sure others are doing well also . 
  pity , guy ritchie has n't had a decent idea for a movie in quite awhile . 
  is it ever going to get better in spain ? 
  well look at that . 
  the company that runs the golf course happens to be managed by the head of one of the largest newspapers in melilla . 
  oh , and two members of the city council . 
  yep , normal day in spain . 
  this was actually publicly funded ? 
  are you kidding me . 
  it 's one of the few things still making money in spain . 
  right and just ? 
  profitable , hell yes . 
  been here for years . 
  never seen such a comment . 
  maybe i 'm in the wrong/right places , 
  but our female celebrity models are so much hotter . 
  subtlety on reddit ??? 
  god save your soul . 
  / s would have been your friend there . 
  yep . 
  marks and spencer . 
  again , who in the uk brings that up ? 
  plenty of foreigners bring it up , but nobody over here . 
  being an idiot and the md for john lewis are not mutually exclusive . 
  last ditch sure . 
  and i do n't bother with that type of person . 
  you ca n't discourse with those people . 
  argue , sure . 
  but where does that get you . 
  who is `` they 're '' ? 
  this is one idiot who was probably drunk . 
  thanks for tarring the whole country . 
  when has any brit brought up agincourt ? 
  talk about ancient history . 
  anything that was big one year in ibiza , was usually big the next year in most of europe . 
  dude , i 've been to paris twice , and never came close to doing the things you did . 
  do n't worry about how you were dressed , 
  how much sidse is there in this . 
  have you ever been ? 
  because i 've been twice and will continue to go . 
  paris is fantastic . 
  and i come from london which has plenty of it 's own to keep you going . 
  the edinburgh agreement states that in the case of a no vote , no more votes on independence for 50 years . 
  of course . 
  all our politicians are pandering to the eurosceptics . 
  bunch of people who want to lead , yet not a true leader amongst the bunch . 
  do n't blame the scots for wanting out . 
  though not sure that any of the bunch of politicos they 'll be left with are any better . 
  so , because blair was also crap , that invalidates my statement ? 
  yep , cameron played that about as poorly as would be expected . 
  no brit has ever referred to themselves as anglo . 
  internally agreed between the uk government and the scottish parliament the right for scotland dwelling uk nationals to vote on the right for separation . 
  the uk government agreed on behalf of the english , welsh and northern irish citizens that they would n't need to vote over the issue . 
  catalonia is trying to vote on independence without the rest of spain voting , and without agreement from the government that this is even allowed . 
  for diplomatic reasons nobody is calling this what it is , which is treason . 
  the catalonians are n't catalonians whatever they say . 
  they are spaniards . 
  nope . 
  very misleading title . 
  he voluntarily sought asylum with ecuador . 
  i think your point about the message this send to russia is probably the most important point . 
  bad russia . 
  naughty russia . 
  now pay us for all this weaponry that will enable your bad behaviour . 
  that said , i doubt many countries in europe ( or elsewhere ) would have done differently in the same situation . 
  probably not . 
  that 's the reason for the having the term manslaughter over murder . 
  premeditation makes all the difference . 
  plus someone getting drunk and falling off a balcony is likely to be construed as death by misadventure . 
  but that 's not homicide . 
  i 've noticed in this thread that you do n't bother reading what people write . 
  you also do n't reply to other queries about your own replies . 
  it 's total attack . 
  why ? 
  what 's your agenda ? 
  you do have one . 
  but / u/gypsiesdonthavehoney is n't talking about exiting the eu . 
  he 's explaining why the uk government does n't want us to adopt the euro and enter the ecb . 
  i think you mean everything north of the tamar is uk . 
  south is that other country . 
   it 's funny because in england , anywhere above watford is ` the north ' ftfy, 
  i used to work at bt years ago . 
  when sis ( mi6 ) located their building in vauxhall , there was a lot of speculation about the fact it was two doors down from one of the ( then ) three main international telephone exchanges in london . 
  unfortunately i worked more on the data side , so speculation was all we had to go on . 
  sky is part owned by news corp ( 40 % i think ) . 
  the proud owners of fox news . 
  it used to be quite good . 
  then it got a remake . 
  now looks more like fox . 
  yes , the beeb is very good , but that 's comparatively speaking . 
  78 % of people think they would be good at direct democracy, 
  i thought this was a 70 's polaroid . 
  looked so wrong .
