  the us and uk are most likely to view both muslims and jews more favourably then all the other countries on the list . 
  but you hone in to the fact that they 're slightly more pro-jewish than pro-muslim . 
  way to go . 
  thanks . 
  no wonder the ukranians want a change . 
  if there are elements in their society who think this is a civilised way to act . 
  any follow up to this ? 
  have these people been arrested ? 
  these are emergency funds . 
  the rebate was for regular funds we elected not to take from . 
  so no , it wo n't affect the rebate . 
  in your comment , as you well now , as you 're trying to apply circular logic to get away from said comment . 
  your gut instinct now will be to reply stating that 's not the case . 
  further removing yourself from your comment . 
  you realise in a democracy it 's the people that decide . 
  not the politicians or statesmen . 
  what a daft headline . 
  even in the best of countries , there will always be some corruption . 
  it 's how it 's dealt with that matters . 
  you can find the full report [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/e-library/documents/policies/organized-crime-and-human-trafficking/corruption/docs/acr_2014_en.pdf ) . 
  it 's worth a read . 
  of course they would complain about it . 
  they would say those jolly rotten foreigners are trying to pinch our language . 
  then they would argue that it 's part of the eu 's creeping legislative take over . 
  what next , an eu office for `` official '' english . 
  before you know it , we 'd have bloody foreign words in there , mon dieu !, 
  that 's always been the problem with these financial `` issues '' ; it 's a nightmare to bring a case to trial . 
  and some of the products they sell are so complex that even the people who put them together admit they sometimes do n't completely understand them . 
  so how is a jury to understand them . 
   dissemination -- giving out information that conveys a false or misleading impression about an investment or the issuer of an investment where the person doing this knows the information to be false or misleading . 
  would n't this cover the credit rating agencies , regardless of whether they are the issuer or not ? 
  edit : issuer not issue, 
  i do n't know about in other markets , but in the uk this would be covered by the market abuse act . 
  specifically the sections on misrepresentation . 
  that came into effect in 2000 . 
  this is what i do n't get . 
  we learnt that all these organisations were massively corrupt . 
  allowing their opinion to be bought with the promise of more future payments for their opinion . 
  and we learnt all this back in 2008 . 
  yet not a criminal charge ( seriously , is n't this fraud ) . 
  no requirements for a regulator to specifically look into this . 
  in fact , i believe it might still be perfectly acceptable for them to pump up a recommendation if they are paid for it . 
  yeah , stupid thing is that i knew about that . 
  it just seemed to look better written down that way . 
  way to go elsior !!, 
  so basically france has declared mali to be their vietnam/afghanistan . 
  good for him . 
  now let 's see if cameron will show the same backbone . 
  better analogy would be a four seater being turned into a three seater . 
  the car continues to work as before , just with less passengers . 
  yes . 
  look it up . 
  part of the formation of the un . 
  that legal jurisprudence was approved by many member states so as to allow kosovo to separate from serbia that had been waging a war of genocide against it 's people and would continue to do this once the ifor force left . 
  how do you think that is going to be used for catalu\u00f1a ? 
  the spanish government might be corrupt , massively incompetent and useless as toffee , but they are n't massacring catalans . 
  show me this international law that you speak of . 
  because it does n't exist . 
  the un , highest body in respect of this , recognises the right of a people to self determination . 
  and the definition of `` people '' from them would be the spanish people . 
  not just catalans . 
  your right to say you want to be self-determined has not been undermined . 
  you have it . 
  you 're saying it right here . 
  what you do n't have is the right to go off when you are the minority . 
  and as long as the catalans do n't work to get the spanish state involved in this decision , neither the eu nor the un are going to be bothered by any arguments cataluna has , because none have legal weight . 
  all you have spouted is first year university political rhetoric . 
  what counts politically is legal jurisprudence . 
  catalans are part of spain , spain as a whole has to agree or nothing . 
  and before anybody says that the scottish vote should n't count then because the people in the rest of the united kingdom have n't voted ; the british government as our representative have approved the idea of ceding if the scot 's agree to it on our behalf . 
  do n't like that they did this , do n't vote for them next time . 
  that 's how democracies work . 
  international law does n't recognise a state trying to leave without the consent of the nation . 
  so only catalans voting for catalu\u00f1a to leave means nothing in international law . 
  that 's why the scottish vote is more meaningful , it 's recognised by the british state . 
  as for your human rights in the eu , the eu recognises catalu\u00f1a as a part of spain . 
  so your rights have n't been violated . 
  catalans can scream blue bloody murder that that 's not right , but it does n't change the fact that it is . 
  i thought so to . 
  but after i started reading the article it dawned on me that rajoy is basically kissing up to the people he 'll likely be going begging in cap to in a year or two . 
  sorry , but with the italian senates track record , i wo n't believe it until it 's done . 
  pay wall fail . 
  here 's the eu press [ announcement ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-13-1149_en.htm ) . 
  in spain a politician is simply a thief who 's clever enough to have worked out how to make their thievery legitimate . 
  what sequels ? 
  real shames as i love both of those movies . 
  what happened to caro and jeunet ? 
  did they go ~ ~ there ~ ~ their own ways ? 
  i never seem to see them do any collaborative stuff anymore . 
  edit : get the right their in there . 
  most french i know in the uk diss the parisians . 
  been to paris twice now and loved it and them both times . 
  second trip to paris was on eurostar . 
  oh my god is that the most civilised way to travel or what !, 
  bonaparte gets a bad rap because at the end he was defeated . 
  but he was not only a great military strategist , but he reconciled the political mess the new democracy had gotten into and ended the days of terror . 
  we did a four day weekend a year back to copenhagen . 
  on returning i got rid of all my kroner ( is that right ? ), 
  coins to a colleague who 's wife 's family is danish ( they visit once or twice a year ) . 
  all except the most pristine 5-krone coin as i really love the design of that coin .
