  i think the ny times added that bit in because , and like most people , they find those arguments a bit of a stretch for an international arrest warrant . 
  do n't know about the isp case , but the use of an american bank is quite funny . 
  smaller banks wo n't typically have direct peering agreements with other banks for transfer . 
  so they out source those agreements to a clearing bank . 
  and for a long time chase manhattan was the bank to go to . 
  under the extradition details , that means if a money launderer was using a british bank to send funds to iran , without their knowledge , the banks would send this via cm . 
  who of course would notify the fbi . 
  all perfectly right in my opinion . 
  where it got funny , was some smaller banks used cm for any type of transfer . 
  so sending from a small british bank to a large british bank could also end up going via cm . 
  wtf ? 
  why ca n't my government handle that ? 
  because the us pushed to have their large banks step in to the middle , for the very purposes of being able to then extradite anyone , on that specious argument that you had used an american bank . 
  ok , so america want 's to be the worlds police force . 
  what 's the problem if they 're catching bad guys , right ? 
  well it then turns out that the cia realises this is a really good way of sending money to dodgy people they want to get pally with so that they can get information . 
  and who are these dodgy people using the international money transferring system ? 
  why money launderers . 
  oh and nicaraguan ~ ~ terrorists ~ ~ freedom fighters . 
  you really need to reread the article . 
  the us is a member of ...  concacaf -- which stands for confederation of north , central america and caribbean association football all the people they have arrested form or formed part of concacaf . 
  so they are arresting people who ran a corrupt organisation that the us was part of . 
  this has nothing to do with using an amreican isp . 
  imho the us have scoped this pretty well . 
  also , having a valid extradition treaty with a country , and using it correctly is n't kidnapping . 
  it 's abiding by the law . 
  well i 'm voting for jared . 
  no way can i vote for tomasz . 
  not after the scandal he was involved in . 
  you know the one . 
  no , really , i ca n't say . 
  yeah , that one . 
  the one involving the br\u00e4twurst and the `` lady '' . 
  i know , right . 
  disgusting behaviour . 
  that 's why jared beymer gets my vote . 
  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ reddit political disclaimer ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ this comment is in no way affiliated with the elect jared campaign , even though i share the same postal address as that campaign . 
  and even if we were , this would in no way affect our disgust with tomasz bia\u0142ek and his indecent acts involving a br\u00e4twurst and a third party . 
  truly disgusting actions . 
  these stats are based on 2009-2013 . 
  even for a troll , you are singularly stupid . 
  if each country in the uk were also a kingdom , then they would n't be united . 
  opium comes from a different type of flower , also called a poppy . 
  funds from the sales of poppies go to the british legion . 
  however the symbol of the poppy now , is to commemorate all war dead on all sides . 
  your language . 
  hahahaha, 
  playmo.tv worked for me on my xbox 360 . 
  if the one allows you to change dns settings ( which it should ) , i see no reason why it would n't work there either . 
  getting at the truth is never futile or a waste of money . 
  i 'm going to go ahead and guess northern ireland . 
  as they still do n't allow gay marriage . 
  strangely enough you 're still receiving a wifi signal through the wardrobe . 
  probably from a burger king on the other side . 
  at least they committed to a vote . 
  the uk had a press release saying how we supported the palestinian people . 
  then we go and abstain . 
  thanks for that . 
  kind of . 
  talk about depressing the crap the papers are writing . 
  they were also going to ban our flavoured crisps because on mainland europe people only eat salted crisps . 
  also it was n't just curved cucumbers they were going to ban . 
  it was also bananas . 
  however i do n't know the back story for that claim . 
  it is a nice change . 
  what i meant is that we in the uk do such a bad job of advertising when we do the good things in europe . 
  that 's mainly because the tories like to pretend europe is bad for us to win votes from the public who do n't really understand how vital europe is for us ( and we for it ) . 
  yet one day the business groups will turn around and tell the tories to stop all this because it will be a disaster leaving the eu ( a third of our business dealing are with europe , and not just financial transactions , exports are a large part of this ) . 
  the newspapers also sell more newpapers when they have a go at the eu ministries without telling the whole story . 
  we still have people in this country that really believe the eu was going to ban our bendy cucumbers . 
  it was an initial report talking about what should be a requirement to define a european cucumber . 
  and it mentioned the `` bend '' and that the uk and a few countries had traditionally more bendy cucumbers . 
  guess what , that meant the eu was going to ban our cucumbers . 
  except it did n't . 
  what it meant was the the eu ministry in question stated if the curvature of a cucumber was going to be used as a measurement , it would have to take into account that some countries grow a type of cucumber that was bendier then other countries . 
  was that bit reported . 
  of course not . 
  bloody newspapers in this country . 
  seriously . 
  tl ; dr sorry about the rant - we are better than most would believe , just not good at selling this fact . 
  the uk agrees to plenty of things that usually are n't reported . 
  however , we do have a knack for disagreeing with big things that are widely reported . 
  also , we do n't help ourselves with the lousy way we do the disagreeing . 
  labour are voting for eu budget cuts simply to embarrass cameron . 
  the irony would be if cameron turned around and said `` now that even labour are anti-europe , time for a referendum '' . 
  labour would dump a load if that happened . 
  not that it will , cameron has been shown to have no balls what so ever . 
  frankly i wish all our parties would stop dicking around on the issue of europe . 
  we have to stay in full stop . 
  not really . 
  but they have tibet , so they probably do n't care . 
  these islands are more important as they do n't have them . 
  an interesting article . 
  however he would have done better taking the high road when mentioning the diaoyu dao issue , rather than just repeating the standard chinese rhetoric , which is what we would have expected anyway . 
  deliveries . 
  `` will somebody be in this morning ? '' . 
  no , because i work . 
  how else do you think i can afford this things that are being delivered . 
  op later linked to the pdf of the whole document . 
  it mentions that this is based on encounters of non-native speakers in those countries .
