  there is also an eu25 table in there , and that does allow for england-ireland , germany-austria and france-belgium . 
  in fact , it 's really worth reading the whole thing ( or in my case , as much as i could understand  ) . 
  some very interesting discussions in there . 
  however , i think , and no disrespect to op , but a one line on what this index was about does n't do justice to the whole paper . 
  again , it 's worth a read . 
  sigh . 
  it says `` not including native speakers '' . 
  so brit 's speaking english is not included in the uk section . 
  just like french speaking french is n't included in theirs nor germans speaking german . 
  if you compare the three countries whose language is analysed , you 'll see from the three of us , the uk scores the best . 
  which just goes to show , foreigners in the uk are more likely to learn english then the british are to learn another language . 
  ok , that bit makes me sad . 
  not really an oversight as the study is looking at how people in the eu-15 can communicate between each other . 
  as i kind of hinted at , some do , when really they should n't . 
  you should check to see if that information is voluntary or not ( the census is about three quarters voluntary information ) . 
  but that 's official documents . 
  non-official really should n't have much of an excuse for asking . 
  employment law is so anti-discriminatory that agencies and employers do n't want any personal details until you turn up for an interview . 
  that way they ca n't be blamed if they turn down applications for interview . 
  my families spanish , in spain you 're expected to supply a colour photo on any job applications . 
  if you could see the surprise on my families faces when i tell them that 's not only against european law , but likely spanish law as well . 
  sorry , but no . 
  if a job application asks you your race in the uk , dob them in to the equality and humans rights commission . 
  the only time they can ask such questions is when enforcing affirmative action , and then they 'll make it clear this is being done under the rules laid out by ehrc ( plus they have to give details on how to contact ehrc if you have a complaint about the affirmative action ) . 
  here 's a full list of what ehrc [ protects citizens against ] ( http://www.direct.gov.uk/en/governmentcitizensandrights/yourrightsandresponsibilities/dg_10014458 ) . 
  the only thing they do ask routinely in job applications is whether you have the right to work in the uk and/or eu . 
  that 's a legal requirement the government insists agencies and employers perform . 
  as for official forms , they ask that mainly for census or passports . 
  they should n't really ask for other reasons , but sometimes councils will ask to get their own census type information . 
  but it 's generally not to discriminate . 
  there are plenty of laws in the uk to protect against official discrimination . 
  now that 's not to say there is n't discrimination in the uk . 
  but it 's more a case of racial abuse . 
  but any friends or colleagues i have who have been subjected to such abuse have always said whilst that 's not good , they still find it easier than mainland europe . 
  unfortunately i 'm a white european , so i ca n't comment on their accuracy , but they are friends , so i 'll take them at their word on this . 
  personally , i think europe is generally better than most regions , and whilst i think the uk could be better , we are definitely better than most . 
  all conjecture , but it does n't mean i 'm wrong , 
  ah , you mean protocols . 
  the same things that every time the uk has gotten , the rest of europe feels like dumping on us for using them . 
  in fact , france and germany constantly threaten us with removal of the working hours protocol we legitimately bargained for . 
  so remind me , how is it wrong for the uk to ask for these but not germany and austria . 
  does n't matter , the law was the law and germany/austria did whatever they could to obstruct for as long as possible . 
  i would start criminal and civil proceedings against her . 
  criminal for vandalism , and civil for cost of repair . 
  that got to be in the 100 's of thousands no problem . 
  wtf !?!!, 
  how is epo allowed to do this ? 
  and whilst all correct and legal , my point was that the uk and holland did not take kindly to it 's citizens being treated so differently . 
  and if anybody thinks , `` so what ? '', 
  think about this , who believes the brits and dutch will want to invest in iceland in the future ? 
  but landsbankinn covered all icelandic peoples money , just not foreigners . 
  that 's not going to win trust in the long term . 
  euro only ever refers to the currency . 
  spain is full of crooked politicians . 
  they can be arrested , but i do n't think it 's as easy as a police officer going up to them and doing so . 
  i think a judge may have to raise some special type of order for their arrest . 
  it 's truly messy and even so , you should see how many politicians are under indictment right now . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  it would not be automatic . 
  scotland is not a part of europe . 
  the united kingdom is . 
  if scotland left the uk , it would be a `` new '' country and would therefore be required to request membership into the eu . 
  and right now , i 'm sure countries like spain ( and others ) would be happier not having to think about allowing a separatist state into the eu fold . 
  that 's not to say it would n't be possible to join the eu . 
  but it would be interesting to see who is in favour and who is n't . 
  unfortunately it [ does appear to be getting that bad ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18073793 ) . 
  that is so depressing to hear . 
  central government ftw !, 
  because in the case of this article , the uk actually announced their own plans the day before the eu announcement . 
  but you 're generally right . 
  there are plenty of other times where we 're singled out even though it 's part of an eu agreement . 
  heavy snow in scotland is measured in feet or metres . 
  heavy snow in south east england is an inch or two and we act like it 's the end of the world . 
  i would say the scots handle snow way better than we do in the south . 
  the underground is run by tfl . 
  this is rail , not tube . 
  unfortunately as the rail lines in question are for the whole south east , tfl ca n't legitimately take them over . 
  that said , tfl 's track record in running things is n't that great either . 
  do n't worry , it wo n't be long now before you hear about the tube systems melting under the `` strain '' of the olympics . 
  wait , godzilla is n't japanese ?? 
  thanks . 
  i thought the article had simplified it a bit too much . 
  ok , that seems a bit broad . 
  if they implement this , would n't somebody in france who googles `` french supreme court want to censor torrent '' discover they ca n't find a valid news article ? 
  the tories support same sex civil partnership but are most likely to vote against same-sex marriage . 
  also , some tories do n't believe even in the civil partnership bit . 
  same sex civil partnerships was introduced by labour with strong support from the lib dems . 
  i would say the tories are just left of the democrats . 
  but in europe we see the democrats as right wing and the republicans as so right wing if they go any further right they 're in danger of flipping over and becoming left wing , 
  i 'm not an expert on this ( most of us are n't ) , but there are more things to worry about . 
  i 'm sure most people here can state other problems with acta . 
  biggest issue i have is that this is predominantly pushed by the us for the vested interests that have bought out american politicians and we just follow behind forgetting all the principles of the eu . 
  as a brit , i 'm one of the rare ones who is proud to be european , because of these principles . 
  principles that karel du gucht appears to have forgotten . 
  it 's full title is anti-counterfeiting trade agreement . 
  which covers piracy as well as counterfeiting . 
  and the contentious portions are investigation and enforcement . 
  the investigation portion gives the organisations claiming the product is counterfeited/pirated an awful lot of rights , many of which over ride the principles of personal rights to eu citizens . 
  and importantly acta allows non-europeans companies to claim these `` rights '' . 
  as for the enforcement bit , whilst you have to claim damages based on reasonable market price or even retail price , you do n't have to do very much to say how many copies of an item have been pirated .
