  3 hours in security at heathrow . 
  1 hour trip time . 
  1.5 hour tsa security at jfk . 
  2 hours waiting for luggage . 
  another 1.5 hour complaining about `` how can you lose my luggage '' . 
  9 hours london to new york . 
  so still about 7 hours better than today . 
  we all have our share of loonies , 
  polls have shown that the youth vote is very pro-europe . 
  not surprising as they are used to travelling abroad so are likely more used to actually taking in foreign culture . 
  the problem though , is the youth vote is also the most likely not to turn up to a vote . 
  glad to hear a finn 's opinion . 
  i also would have thought the finnish would be glad to hear that their own police not only found out one of their own was corrupt , but that they went full steam ahead and put together a decent case against him . 
  with what appears to be no outside political influence to cover things up . 
  not many countries would have managed with people sticking their oars in . 
  see , this would be a great way to answer the whole joining eu issue . 
  uk votes to go , scotland votes to go independent and `` stay '' as the only part of the uk in the eu . 
  if it could be done ( massive if , not really sure it can ) then this would resolve the whole having to reapply issue . 
  now just get a decent answer on how the economy can be run ( for god 's sake drop the whole monetary union with the uk and be realistic about the oil revenues ) and i ca n't see why scottish independence would n't be good for scotland . 
  then i 'd move up to scotland and say good bye to all the anti-eu 's in england . 
  sad but true . 
  i 'll be voting no to leaving . 
  but i am concerned too many dm readers will vote yes and bugger it all up for us . 
  re : downvote , cause reddit . 
  yes , op just mentioned . 
  as i replied to him , pretty poor of the beeb to do that without mentioning the article change . 
  hey , that 's fair enough . 
  but pretty piss poor of the beeb to edit it so much and not mention that the edits occur ( the always mention if corrections are required ) . 
  i always wonder if he 's sexist , or just daft . 
  the comment in the title for this discussion is from nigel farage ( it 's not the headline of the bbc article ) . 
  the same man that want 's to reduce government in every way except for our brave boys at the front . 
  front of what , nobody knows . 
  also , doubt farage will ever be comfortable with women in the armed forces . 
   however , ukip leader nigel farage said the army should be drafted in to help search vehicles coming into britain for illegal immigrants . 
  fairly misleading title right there . 
  nigel ~ ~ donkey brains ~ ~ farage saying something does not mean the government is considering it . 
  british and french border agencies manage this and will likely be the people expected to come up with the solutions . 
  because let 's face it , theresa may 's ideas are usually shite . 
  the british government of the 80 's ( thatcher basically ) pivoted the uk to a service model . 
  industry no longer has much clout in the uk . 
  sorry dude , totally stealing that checklist to use for the next cameronism . 
  yeah , you might want to have a read of [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/mar/31/facebook-tracks-all-visitors-breaching-eu-law-report ) . 
  and we have a winner !, 
  yep . 
  totally forgot to mention about the internet filter to protect the `` children '' . 
  which rapidly turned into a filter to protect the right wing from radical ideas , like allowing victims to discuss what had happened to them ( though that 's understandable , why do you want adults discussing how paedo 's had molested them in the 80 's . 
  those paedos are likely to be westminister mps ) . 
  and do you remember at the time how many tory ministers were all `` if you have nothing to hide , you have nothing to fear from this '' . 
  this shows that even they did n't believe that . 
  anybody remember the comedian ( i think ) who said , if you have nothing to fear , fine , hand me your mobile . 
  brilliant . 
  i consider it fuckwittery for the fact there is no chance it will work . 
  apple is n't allowing the us government this . 
  definitely not going to let cameron get away with it . 
  google are doing the same . 
  facebook is banging on about the same thing ( ironic as they spy on their users better than the nsa  ) . 
  and how are they going to stop foreigners coming in with their encrypted phones ? 
  take them off them when they arrive at heathrow . 
  may 's already proven she ca n't control legal immigrants getting in , never mind illegals . 
  cameron and all the arses around him are just making the uk look like a joke in the international arena . 
  pisses me off . 
  if orwell were alive today , i 'm sure he 'd ask if that was an onion article . 
  and cameron and his cronies are the ones who are constantly going on about britishness . 
  well i for one do n't believe this is being british . 
  i think it 's the exact opposite . 
  uk checking in . 
  [ latest cameron fuckwittery ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/david-cameron-encryption-back-doors-iphone-whatsapp-2015-7 ) . 
  he must have tripped backwards with such force that the knife in his back killed him instantly . 
  then the floorboard the knife was standing up on ( point first ) was suitably bouncy enough that it propelled him forwards into the suitcase . 
  being of a high quality , the suitcase naturally clamped down on to his folded body ( that was an amazing floorboard ) . 
  naturally , the code lock on this model of high quality suitcase spins automatically to 000 when closed . 
  case closed . 
  nothing to see here . 
  move along . 
  vladimir ... is that you ? 
  well there 's a whole bunch of people who have just woken up to devastating , i repeat , devastating news . 
  not being able to travel to that panacea , nay utopian vision of greatness that putin is creating will cause no end turmoil in the lives of these people . 
  why oh great putin hast thou brought down thine terrible wrath , so , so , terribly !?!, 
  sad thing was , up until that snafu , i had always been really happy with abbey national . 
  when they became abbey , they were no longer so good . 
  almost changed banks a few years back . 
  but then santander came out with the 123 account . 
  so i 'm 26 years with them now , 
  this was in 2002/2003 . 
  i was with abbey national as it was still known then . 
  whilst a bank , i think they still did things the building society way then . 
  was n't until santander bought them that they developed their own peering agreements . 
  i just went with what was in the article . 
  though to be fair , it does n't list which of the six were in concacaf . 
  i 've also read on the bbc website that another reason they went with this approach is that all concacaf transfers used american banks for the accounts . 
  nope . 
  sent british pounds from my british bank account to a friends british bank account , and it went through chase manhattan . 
  i know , because it was a year or two after 9/11 and my friend is muslim . 
  next thing i know , the moneys being held up with neither british bank knowing why . 
  i had to get in contact with cm and give my friends full details as it turned out his name on the form included an initial for his first name . 
  which matched a terrorist . 
  when i gave his full details , the transfer was approved . 
  this happened because at the time my bank used cm as the transferring bank . 
  they 've moved away from that in later years . 
  but it was the case then .
