  do n't forget the daily mail . 
  every day a new satirical highlight . 
  the author did a really bad point of reminding then not reminding about the pussy riot case and gay rights in russia . 
  pussy riot were charged for '' `` hooliganism motivated by religious hatred '' because their `` performance piece '' was done in a church . 
  they were arrested because putin is very interested in the power he gets from nationalists who are pretty much wedded to the church . 
  same for gay rights , church hates it , nationalists therefore hate them , therefore putin can use both . 
  but this is n't a news article , it 's a humanist blog . 
  so not very good at putting the case forward except for those who already know the case . 
  no one in la communidad valenciana speaks catalan . 
  they speak valenciano . 
  the fact that catalan and valenciano are identical is neither here nor there to them and you would be best never to mention it in la communidad . 
  at best , you get your ear talked off about how it 's not catalan . 
  some of the older people may take a swing at you . 
  there 's even a term for all of it `` guerra de la lengua '' , war of the language . 
  pollution is known to aggravate other allergies ( like hay fever ) to the point where you `` develop '' said allergy . 
  so if you live in an area of high pollution , there is a strong possibility this increases your chances of developing hay fever . 
  oh i agree with that . 
  but it 's the way he does it . 
  it 's so gung ho and balls out that i just do n't think you can use the word diplomacy in any sentence when describing what he 's doing . 
  does putin really think it 's the 80 's , or is there something else to all this seeming madness out of russia lately ? 
  it 's obvious that the telegraph wanted us to be involved in attacking syria . 
  unfortunately that pesky democracy thing we have got in the way . 
  excellent list . 
  actually , you 're a bit wrong their . 
  you need to pay the uk tv licence if you have any device designed to receive television signal . 
  they changed it years ago from saying television because someone successfully fought a penalty notice in court when they used a tv dongle with their computer and monitor . 
  then the tv licence said `` television '' so the judge threw out his case . 
  the mp 's then , within record time changed the tv licencing laws to state `` television signal reception device '' . 
  so if your tv can receive tv signals , even if you do n't use it , you need to pay . 
  apparently there is a requirement to be able to have someone remove reception capabilities from your tv and record this fact with the television licencing authority . 
  of course , this costs way more than paying your licence fee . 
  but i bet you know shit tonnes about the war of the roses . 
  god i hated that . 
  in summer at the end of school term , those finishing compulsory education for good go on a massive bender . 
  trucks are hired ( we even saw some really large military vehicles ) . 
  in copenhagen there appears to be a particular route . 
  they spend all day driving around this `` route '' until all meeting up . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russefeiring ) explains it better . 
  check out the cool bit about how each young persons hat has different colours and knots to denote different things . 
  and now that i 've said that , it reminds me that ireland is also the land of the fay , and where the tuatha d\u00e9 danann settled/come from . 
  strangely enough , nobody seems to have mentioned enya ( though i see clannad has been mentioned ) . 
  yes . 
  usually they want you to have an address in the country you are buying it from . 
  also , having a foreign phone number might be a disincentive . 
  i assume the extra charges to call a foreign number are n't being abolished . 
  that 's the point . 
  once this happens you should see the competition force dutch providers to drop their rates . 
  or get bought out as they become less competitive . 
  if you read the article , they believe this is a good thing . 
  with the 100 + current providers being merged into only a handful . 
  thus allowing a customer to get a more european experience as opposed to a national one . 
  personally i think this is good news for the customer . 
  dwarven loaves !, 
  listen kirk , there 's a reason reddiquette exists . 
  where do i say anything about the quality of the article ? 
  you said that . 
  which is valid . 
  all i said is that you are wrong about saying the op posted a misleading title . 
  the op posted the title as per the normal reddit rules . 
  you can keep adding other arguments to obfuscate the issue . 
  but it all boils down to your original incorrect argument that the op was misleading with the title when he/she was not . 
  and we 've come full circle . 
  do you understand what i 'm saying , op did the right thing by supplying the headline as written by the original site . 
  you said that later . 
  at first you said  your headline is misleading and that is all i called you out on . 
  from the reddiquette  editorialize or sensationalize your submission title . 
  this is under the `` please do n't '' section . 
  you can always downvote the article . 
  but what you said was incorrect . 
  the op put the title exactly as it was found on the website . 
  this is the only way articles are meant to be presented as per reddits own rules . 
  sorry if you are unhappy that you are wrong . 
  but you are . 
  also it 's and , not und . 
  his headline is taken from the site he linked to . 
  as this is correct reddiquette i applaud op for doing the right thing . 
  so many times people modify the headline to garner more clicks . 
  i do n't want reddit to turn into huffington . 
  you sir , get an upvote , 
  anyone know where this comes from ? 
  reason i ask , does this take into account bottle blondes ? 
  but they do have to comply with [ european patent convention ] ( http://www.epo.org/law-practice/legal-texts/epc.html ) . 
  you know , the document they publish . 
  kudos to the german parliament . 
  but this really needs to be raised with the european parliament who need to light a rocket under the epo . 
  it 's illegal to grant software patents under european convention , so why are n't the epo following this ? 
  uk here . 
  idiots galore . 
  the second movie sounds like [ jean de florette ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean_de_florette ) . 
  it was based on a novel which was part one of two . 
  if it is jean that you watched , you should see [ manon des sources ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manon_des_sources_\\ ( 1986_film \\ ) ) . 
  the `` neighbours '' get their comeuppance in that one . 
  it 's a brilliant story and the books the movies are based on are also brilliant . 
  i do n't think your figures are so wrong . 
  i think there are plenty of mac users . 
  but , and speaking as a mac user , i do n't use safari . 
  chrome all the way . 
  safari is nice at rendering , but for a long time was missing even the most basic features . 
  no session save when you closed the browser . 
  awful tab bar with no management .
