  wales , skotlanti, 
  the state of sachsen is called saksi , which also means scissors . 
  this video is gold, 
  yeah i think there are some errors on this . 
  like in ch everyone speaks english and in austria seems more rare . 
  also finland 70 % seems low . 
  there are about 3x times people in greater helsinki area than in whole iceland . 
  but yeah usually it 's not that much people . 
  yeah they always have this argument that there is somehow single entity `` west '' and the purpose of this entity is to defeat russia . 
  usually nothing if you do n't be without clothes for very long time . 
  whats dangerous is to use wet clothes in very low degrees . 
  yeah . 
  i have had visa for last three years to russia . 
  russians pay 30 $ for one year visa to finland for example but we have to pay usually between 100 $ to 150 $ . 
  the process is much more complex . 
  did you read anything what i said about going to sweden via land . 
  you have to drive about 800km north from helsinki and then over 1000km south to reach stockholm . 
  only reasonable ways are with boat or to fly . 
  for trains this distance would n't be problem but we have russian track width in finland . 
  well finland is essentially an island in eu . 
  we have connection to west but it is really far away in the north , we dont share the track width with them . 
  if we want to go towards south without using a boat only option is russia . 
  then you have to deal with visas and other problems, 
  there isnt any serious talk, 
  he 's just bullshitting or he is not in finland . 
  every place has double windows . 
  usually triple, 
  they are finns even thought they speak different language, 
  return karelia plx, 
  really ? 
  for me it took like 10 years to like it . 
  youll get used to it :d . nobody likes it at the first time, 
  well they were sold the trip on false basis . 
  there are reports how they were told in iraq that if they just come to finland they should get 2000 $ per month without doing anything and how easy it is get women in finland . 
  ofcourse it 's dissapointing when they are put somewhere middle of nowhere and then they get just couple $ per day . 
  yeah that 's probably the most stupid thing what we learn at the army . 
  it 's just idiotic to start shooting them with rk, 
  well , you cant do these things during winter . 
  by the way what 's your opinion about meduza ? 
  i have used it to follow russian news since i got the impression that it is quite realiable . 
  i do n't like the moscow times that much and i do n't want to follow rt & other propaganda . 
  i think they dont have sams, 
  they do, 
  yeah actually would be interesting to see how russia would look like, 
  well in theory they have common culture spread between three different ( maybe 4 if you count russia ) countries and have some willing for more self rule . 
  so one might call it `` separatist movement '' . 
  by the way why the area goes so much south in norway ? 
  to be even more finn you should watch tuntematon sotilas from yle teema , started 2minutes ago . 
  how did you put finland on that list ? 
  each other country is nato - country , finland is not . 
  so some country land grabs an area and the country where the land was stolen should support the area ? 
  yeah right . 
  i think that ussr 2.0 is not even a joke anymore . 
  check the range of s-400 and flightradar24 , yes there are fools, 
  what happened last time when russia `` gifted '' aa - unit somewhere ? 
  how to get better ? 
  in 1944 we shot down 300 russian planes in one week over kannas . 
  my eyes bleed from your ignorance, 
  agreed . 
  they keep on violating it as long as they want if nothing is done . 
  it said that `` stop violating other countries airspace '', 
  and keep in mind the plane was definately not going at top speed since it was already making turns ( seen on the flightpath ) and the wings were at forward position . 
  tell me how you would do that ? 
  they violate all airspaces which they can . 
  not a new thing here . 
  it 's not only lapland . 
  north karelia and kainuu also, 
  wtf ? 
  i had not seen the program before . 
  the guy speaks perfect finnish and has no problem saying things like these ? 
  `` oh the punishment is death , but it would be so rare to enforce this '', 
  it 's not the euro that keeps finland from recovering , its the lack of political decisions . 
  luckily we dont have any of those bears here . 
  only brownies . 
  i wonder what is the big deal about containers , here they are using container camps already for them . 
  puusepp , koti-ryss\u00e4 = kodusvene a.k.a `` traitor for the russians '', 
  he is persona non-grata in estonia nowdays . 
  i hope we could do the same , he is making so much problems . 
  and still keeps sending them to finland with goverment sponsored train tickets or busses . 
  nato ? 
  just like 80 % of the finns too , they just go there to mingle . 
  not pubs , nightclubs . 
  just go to the central of helsinki , 
  so no luck with promiscuous finnish girls ? 
  do like we do , just go to bar and start talking to them around 1:30 , then they should be drunk enough . 
  this kind of situation would happen roughly once per 30 years . 
  you just shovel the snow away and i have seen once in my life when it snowed around 1 meter of snow at once . 
  anyhow we usually have some sort of roof for the front of the door to keep it dry and relatively snow free . 
  outwards is better . 
  i hate it when they open inwards in germany , it takes so much space from my apartment . 
  edit : snow is not a problem for opening the door outwards . 
  you just have to clean up the snow from there and if its fresh the door will push the snow out also . 
  what i have always wondered , savisaar sounds to me like estonian name , why he is so popular among russians ? 
  that atleast is my impression ... 
  holy shit thats like god tier coat of arms , even better than my old hometown which used to have a beavear-bear carrying an axe ... 
  fun fact : vene in finnish is just a normal boat, 
  third time the charm ? 
  indeed, 
  i think it 's good ... 
  not really .
