  maybe that 's what he meant . 
  they get always around 5 % of votes , which happens to be the amount of swedish speaking finns in our country . 
  imho : one-thing party , but they seem to have a good leader now . 
  i could even vote him if he would be in other party . 
  they changed the name couple years back to just `` the finns '', 
  yeah maybe i replied to wrong message , just wanted to say general comment on this . 
  many finns just complain about vr without any base for their opinions . 
  lived in both countries i think vr is not that bad . 
  seat reservation included , free wifi , good restaurant wagon ( bit expensive though ) , and usually the trains are running smoothly with the most problems occuring during winter . 
  both companies are expensive though . 
  have a upvote mate !, 
  we need more people like you . 
  go to st. petersburg man , its not so alien as you would think . 
  nearly correct , but the name would be raivonen . 
  he corrected himself on third time and said balkan . 
  it 's easy mistake to do . 
  that would be `` tietokone '' = knowledge machine edit : finnish is very phonetic language, 
  as a nokia shareholder i do n't still know what to think of this deal . 
  seems very expensive and there is going to be lot of layoffs . 
  goodbye good dividends for next couple years :(, 
  it 's not big than foreigners think . 
  nokia at most got about 1-2 % of gdp to finland . 
  we have a big high-tech manufacturing industry which is relied on exports . 
  mostly this industry was kept competitive in early days with devaluation of our own currency , the finnish mark . 
  since we do n't have this tool anymore ( for those who do n't know we are part of euro zone ) i think our teacher-dominated politicians found themselves in a new situation and have been doing long term politics without thinking consequences . 
  salaries have been raised constantly and in the same time not much have been done to increase our competitiveness . 
  also last 4 years we had a 6-party coalition where the political stance ranged from left to right . 
  needless to say that no critical decisions were made during this period . 
  what is going to happen is some kind of inner devaluation due to long term salary freezing or some kind of reduction in welfare state . 
  you havent seen the `` jarmo '' adverts ? 
  a brand of ok water . 
  i think for example san pellegrino or perrier are better . 
  why it would force to disband our conscription army ? 
  i think you are mixing two separate things what finnish press sometimes like to talk, 
  why you had to link it from rt ? 
  there are other sources available . 
  oh god , i already had forgotten `` jasmine '' . 
  she was so bad even in finnish standards . 
  why you had to remind ? 
  well done !, 
  it 's ok usually , i do it all the time . 
  do n't let the flair fool you , it 's quite obvious what we are dealing here with . 
  when did russia/soviet union declare war to anyone ? 
  and still this is referred as conflict . 
  what do you mean ? 
  yes i agree that , but i did not comment that at all . 
  it was the finns who attacked first . 
  yes , that 's why i wrote that it 's the fastest speed which i have driven . 
  it 's not average speed . 
  * 660km/h * edit : let 's contribute . 
  fastest i have driven is 240km/h and i think the fastest average speed has been around 160km/h . 
  but not that long distances . 
  somehow i always find these kind of answers to be the funniest . 
  freedome from f-secure , also zenmate works sometimes , but so far freedome has worked always, 
  i have two vpn 's and usually one of them works , but it starts to be really annoying to start watching anything and seems that torrenting is easier . 
  is it really now offically czechia ? 
  not suprised germany has the second most removed titles , the selection is really crappy now . 
  i 'm thinking about cancelling since the vpn doens n't work that well anymore . 
  i like both countries . 
  i came here to study and stayed for work until unknown future . 
  welcome, 
  it was two meanings , one is nsfw, 
  yes , think about russian helicopters flying 20km near to new york , how would you react to that ? 
  jena looks better than i expected . 
  it has been studied that there is a considerable effect on the temperature on whole europe . 
  just look at for example northern germany and what are the corresponding states in us . 
  there is essentially no snow or very little in north germany . 
  you are correct . 
  b\u00e4ttre folk is just reference to being swedish, 
  it 's a cultural thing , we just like it . 
  the houses in finland are very good and you have constantly +22 or whatever temperature you set in there . 
  yeah it forbits , sweden has a special permit for it . 
  it was sold in finland also until end of 1994 . 
  however it is becoming more and more popular , or maybe my view is just biased . 
  usually the users are 20 to 30 year old guys who do or have done sports . 
  yes . 
  you can thank the golf stream for that, 
  each house is built with sauna . 
  nowdays ( last 15 years ) also each apartment is built with sauna . 
  i 'd say bit above average , the harley is what makes the difference :p, 
  you are tired of anti-russian hysteria and same time replying to other comment how europe will become just an field of ash . 
  ffs, 
  it was 70 nautical miles so thats 130km . 
  there happens to be two nato countries next to this artificial russian land so of course they are being that near . 
  you can not compare baltic sea to atlantic . 
  so russia owns baltic sea now ? 
  they have probably the least amount of coastline in the baltic , shut about `` it 's on our backyard , mimimimi '', 
  the baltic sea just happens to have quite a bit more countries than us coast for example at atlantic . 
  i do think some training is required to let them be there , someone with a dog could confirm . 
  any case dogs are often free here , even in the cities . 
  estonia is so cute , even your dogs look like finnish dogs . 
  high five bro, 
  in germany they are not fenced like finland . 
  just normal parks where dogs are free . 
  really , you ca n't have both at the same time , finnish and estonian citizenship ? 
  how does one lose citizenship ? 
  a finn mentioned on one of the first pages : risto teinonen . 
  seriously : i had not heard about this guy before . 
  i did some reading and it seems that he has even citizenship of estonia nowdays . 
  how is it possible to give an entry ban for citizen ?
