true also , i just thought maybe election of trump will push eu to act on it 's own finally . 
  well that european army was done by one country and not in collaboration . 
  i think we should really think about creating a common defence force . 
  i knew it , thanks !, 
  i 'm going there today , just wondering what i should wear . 
  they are not spiked , spike tires are used on rally cars for example . 
  i think the correct term is studded tire . 
  yes it makes no sense at the beginning , but lets say that if things get heated with nato and russia then it will get heated in finland too , we wo n't be able to stay out . 
  i agree with you . 
  http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/2015031119338528_uu.shtml here is a link from newspaper investigation last year . 
  inviduals have done even more thorough research and found more examples . 
  the news what we are actually now talking is that our secret police announced that these purchases are concerning them . 
  first one is difficult to tell since all the sales are done through bulvans . 
  however 90 % of cases the reasons for purchase havent been fullfilled : in common case the purchaser tells that he or she will start a travel business for russians . 
  after the sale quite a lot of renovation happens and then no business activities . 
  usually the renovations have been somewhat questionable : for example building of big warehouses with fancy security , installing helipads and enlarging port to allow bigger ships to dock . 
  all these have been found more `` important '' for travelers instead of improving the living conditions . 
  last one we know for sure since military protested on sales of some locations , some succesfully . 
  same reasons apply than for winter war . 
  st. pete and therefore baltic sea will be totally locked and they do n't trust that finns keep other armies away from our land so it 's better to control finland than let for example nato come and use it as a base . 
  this is just bs . 
  they have plenty of possible port locations , sevastopol is nothing special . 
  earlier days it made sense since it was located centrally : now you could have your navy for example at sochi . 
  you need some heavy equipment to do this . 
  in my home area they bought a plot near the army base , built a warehouse there with huge ass fences around it and just left it like that . 
  nearly no-one comes there but once it was finished some goods were brought in and left there . 
  i used to be couple years ago . 
  still i think students are mostly quite `` non rebellious '' in finland for example compared to germany . 
  i think they hit big this year only , so we have to wait one year to see how much did he earn . 
  dude , we are ok with everything what our goverment decides . 
  people complain to their friends over a beer or in a sauna and thats it . 
  no it 's a lot of people . 
  i really ca n't believe this , gema and youtube make a deal ? 
  no need for vpn 's anymore . 
  i was also going to post about this in the morning , really similar situation . 
  well all the money in russia is channeled to moscow and then redistributed , they get more in chechnya than they produce to keep the people happy, 
  religions had quite big impact to the game . 
  i wouldnt want to play without them . 
  yes , i agree that they didnt really feel like religions , but somehow more just making your civilization more focused on certain things . 
  i didnt like civ 5 at all before the expansions , but after the expansions it was good . 
  i 'm just going to play this game for whole weekend and drink beer . 
  nothing else . 
  * today i learned i learned *, 
  is this confirmed ? 
  i have read like 3 different news earlier where he was supposed to be dead but always ended up surfacing . 
  so givi is next one ? 
  most likely it wo n't be he , someone else who is on power then . 
  fsb, 
  i never saw anybody shitting in public . 
  once though some woman was peeing in the front of k\u00f6nigstra\u00dfe s-bahn . 
  right in front of the entrance . 
  i have no idea why she did n't use the park which is next to it . 
  reeperbahn and st. georg then probably . 
  seems so , from st. peter . 
  no , it 's does n't happen all the time . 
  last one 's before this were quite many months ago . 
  why do you go to brussels ? 
  no i think it 's the a2 yellow . 
  well done norge . 
  why this is an issue for the brits ? 
  edit : i 'm talking about the eu army . 
  still your logic doens ' t make any sense . 
  japanese soldiers are maybe getting 3x salary to the russians one in absolute scale but in relative to the gdp it 's going to be around the same . 
  no country will be lacking soldiers due to their salaries . 
  the salaries will go down or the country will have huge inflation to counter the high salaries . 
  i just do n't see your logic . 
  how is average income related to amount of soldiers to be employed ? 
  if there is a war between japan and russia for example the last thing they worry is salaries of the personnel . 
  better to use land bases , baltic is too small for carrier and it would be just shot with a missile . 
  where do you get these numbers ? 
  dude , you are confusing everyone with * journ\u00e9e d'appel *, 
  where is this from ? 
  production of elecriticy , industry uses ( elecriticy and heating ) , cooking facilities in helsinki : around 30 000 households and some restaurants . 
  if there is a supply problem with gas lines alternative sources can be used relatively easily . 
  finland doesnt use the gas for heating . 
  well the chain of command also comes in to the picture here . 
  it will be interesting if they find anything . 
  is there an english stream ? 
  russia will just ignore and say that the `` west '' is lying . 
  nothing will happen . 
  ethnic russian spotted . 
  they have roughly 60 to 100 members . 
  the whole thing is just totally overblown in my opinion . 
  yes , it 's good that people are against extremism but this case is just used by politicians . 
  it 's actually quite cute how russians always see the positive side of things . 
  i think important word here is * was *, 
  there was a huge difference between czechia and poland in 2011 when i did an interrail trip with my friends . 
  all the commie blocks in poland were still grey and it started to get bit depressing after couple days , but it was so refreshing to go to the czechia and see some colours , well done !, 
  the name is so cool and so difficult at the same time . 
  it 's just not only sanctions . 
  it has been proven that already russian purchases and imports from finland were declining before sanctions . 
  it 's not atleast one year long . 
  there is a first stage which can be even some weeks and then one year after you take one or two extra days where you drive in extremely slippery conditions . 
  it is very packed road , some wet doesnt matter . 
  80 feels boring on those roads . 
  so you are confirming his fears , german ethnicity will be affected . 
  lol . 
  do you see any reduction in the finnish consumption with the harsh alcohol laws ? 
  they dont work . 
  if estonia decides to rise the prices people in the rural areas will start doing moonshine again .
