  but i think it 's naive to believe nothing will change in europe . 
  i have no idea what it 's going to be but i wish for the best and fear for the worst . 
  pistols rarely pierce the whole body . 
  the muscle velocity isn #t that high and the object itself is rather big and blunt ( 9mm ) . 
  rifles on the other hand have higher muslce velocity , sharp and pointy projectile with lesse diameter ( 5,56 mm or 7,62 mm for example ) . 
  thats why you use pistols in crowded areas = you can shoot the `` threath '' and not the person and the person behind that . 
  i fear so . 
  change is coming and we have no idea where it will lead us . 
  no idea , would be nice to find out . 
  my guess is that they used finnish built buildings there . 
  no plastic bottles or trash laying around . 
  indeed, 
  did n't we have the one guy writing here from \u00c5land who even went to the army and knew finnish ? 
  but mostly yes , they do n't learn finnish . 
  only industrial thing you see here is the harbour . 
  you have a typo in your headline , its with two k 's . 
  you should run for a president !, 
  dude wtf . 
  you forgot some nice ones like the gates of hell and jerusalem . 
  dative is in use . 
  i 'm thinking the same thing . 
  the show is somewhat popular in finland but i have no idea why she posted this in / r/europe, 
  please sell more goodies for finland, 
  im surprised the amount in germany is not higher . 
  seems to me that all have a `` festnetz '' connection especially since the operators want you to buy with with broadband connection . 
  just my 2 cents, 
  well your statement is quite accurate . 
  most rally and f1 champions proportional to the population . 
  i wouldnt say that there is a lack of synchronization . 
  for a relative of mine it worked quite easily . 
  he used to work in germany , sweden and in finland and he got the pension from all of these countries without effort . 
  according to his words the process was automatic . 
  if i understand correctly most problems are caused by limiting financing options for these companies . 
  they cant get loan from european and from north american sources . 
  most , even profitable companies need financing to run their business . 
  this is based on fact that you have to invest some money ( buy supplies ) then process them and eventually sell them . 
  in addition companies do n't usually pay immediately . 
  so lots of money is stuck in the process and this is often financed by taking short term loans . 
  tell me which party you vote : sdp , greens or lefts ? 
  i will celebrate for you guys too !, 
  i would have done it anyhow but now i have a reason :d, 
  oo yes , i like this plan . 
  finally we get westerbotten back . 
  yeah that was a bargain . 
  original is finnish , animation is japanese though . 
  holy shit that was scary , i still do n't like to watch it . 
  do they still behave like better citizens ? 
  well finland is and has been a western country since ww2 . 
  western describing here more 1st world country than the location on the map ( see australia , which is considered to be part of western world ) . 
  poland on the other hand has been part of 2nd world , therefore eastern europe . 
  and by the way still , even with the big increases you guys have made you are far behind . 
  i know quite many russians and just from my small sample i have noticed that people from moscow tend to be more anti-us compared for example to the people from st. petersburg . 
  i really hope this diminishes their influence . 
  i thought he is somewhat famous in russia ? 
  what about kirka and his family ? 
  i used to have 100/10 fiber in finland for 20 $ / month . 
  i could only order 25mb/5mb connection . 
  i live in west part of hamburg, 
  well in germany having a fiber even in a city seems like its something from 2020s . 
  yours truly , an adsl user . 
  well tbh there has been certain negative press against them . 
  then swedes send some of them to us like they are doing currently . 
  please close the borders denmark, 
  probably we will need the same with ukraine . 
  france and germany ca n't do anything productive with it currently . 
  you ever wondered why the language family is called finnougric languages ? 
  not for example estonugric  ? 
  well they have to get the ideas to these films from somewhere , right ? 
  for some reason atleast in finland we have huge amount of ticks nowdays , 20 years ago we had none of them . 
  paravin lives in finland if i remember correctly so he has an idea about what is it . 
  also i think finland and uk are still technically in war, 
  i thought that commies live in tampere not at turku ( \u00c5bo ) and thanks for the compliment about us `` ossies '', 
  also a finn who did master degree in germany i share his opinions . 
  i stress his point of exams , i have never seen so stupid exam system what they have in germany . 
  my experience comes from technical university . 
  first i tried to study to them like in finnish uni , to learn the subject and understand the concepts . 
  but i totally failed until i realized that all that is needed for exams here is just little details and hard learning so one can answer as fast as possible . 
  also the study assistants had sometimes so bad english that the answer was marked failed when i used synonyme to the word which was used in the literature . 
  i would n't call that huge, 
  my opinion as a finn : years which really matter : 1939 , 1941-1944 , 1945 noun associated with the warfare period : fatherland , independence , survival noun associated with the end of the war : `` torjuntavoitto '' we speak usually how we managed to keep the soviets out even though we lost the war . 
  after that under soviet thumb for decades , see `` finlandization '' . 
  the role of your country in the war : between superpowers in 1939 , left totally alone and then co-belligerent with germany from 1941 . 
  i guess nowdays it would be correct to say allied with them ( common high command , germany supplied lots of weapons and equipment , 220 000 german soldiers in north finland ) , battlefields everywhere the perception of your country-men who fought within the wehrmacht or waffen-ss : volunteers after winter war who left there to fight the enemy , most of them came back when the continuation war started the role of national partisans within your country : well maybe the definition of partisans are different , but in finnish if someone says partisan it means soviet partisans who came to finland and killed women and children behind the front . 
  i always found it weird how russia ( ns ) just tend to ignore the agressor part of the war ( 1939-1941 ) . 
  lonkero . 
  heineken is not that good . 
  thank you for clarification !, 
  sidu ? 
  hypothetically speaking if north finland would be annexed by our neighbour what would defend sweden from same fate ? 
  what we provide : good defense on gulf of finland , capable yet small air force , big amount of well trained troops , artillery and tanks which should make the whole defence of north sweden unnecessary . 
  yes , and the term is finnish swede . 
  if a finnish speaking moves to finland and lives there he or she is swedish finn . 
  that i agree . 
  so , should finland make a deal with sweden to get more airplanes , but to get much more difficult task on defending the islands at baltic ? 
  we already have huge border where all the troops should be distributed , i just wonder how we could add more troops to other places . 
  finnish army has huge amount of manpower , but what it is lacking currently is effective rapid defense forces . 
  actually i would be pro fennoswede defence union ( fsdu ) if the swedish army would contribute the same amount than finnish counterpart however with current situation i do n't see it happening . 
  so it could n't be a finn then  ? 
  well , dmz was agreed in 1921 with league of nations ( which does n't exists anymore ) and it mandates that finland keeps it 's as dmz . 
  my question is that if finland would decide to stop mandating the agreement , who would oppose ?
