  luxury and russia , does n't compute, 
  natural selection in many cases was stalin . 
  just look at the numbers of karelian and finnish speakers in karelia and what happened to them . 
  i do n't know about udmurt though . 
  what went wrong about that ? 
  i think everything went fine , but not that many people actually came ( demands were quite strict ), 
  too bad how many of our language family who stayed under russia/soviet union did n't ... 
  im pretty sure they are flies . 
  poro is not moose, 
  well they did n't held for over 6months . 
  remember debaltseve happened after minsk ii . 
  now it 's just convinient probably for russia since they are focusing for syria, 
  please do . 
  same here , we wo n't join if sweden wo n't join . 
  so i 'm thinking it will be just sudden joint agreement from our politicians if it will ever happen . 
  well if the price tag is over 10 million , then its probably tieto . 
  well you are on your way to be very successful country also brother , but anyhow your post made me feel sentimental . 
  thanks . 
  stop spreading these lies , bielefeld does n't exist . 
  so you think that nordic countries could pose an existential threat to the existence of russia ? 
  lol, 
  yeah it might work in usa , but in europe most placees have minimum wages so you ca n't give them less salary . 
  not really , they have for example quite nice t-72b3 , most of them are less than one year old tanks . 
  ofcourse it does n't have the sensors like the western counterparts , but still it has powerful cannon which can do lot of harm to even western counterparts . 
  it 's not just fighters i think . 
  there are other aircraft too . 
  i think around 70 hawks which will be converted to ground attack planes if the shit hits the fan . 
  well just look at the geography , where would the most probable enemy come ? 
  that 's the answer for the difference in the numbers . 
  i agree . 
  no-one has said that gripen is the favourite . 
  the decision will be made in 2019 . 
  just this week our defense minister said that there is also a possibility for buying two different systems if needed . 
  i think biggest issues with gripen will be compability with some of our systems , first that comes to my mind is the jassm . 
  that 's bs . 
  how many they have used in chechnya , afganistan , ukraine , georgia or do you think they will use them in syria for coming months ? 
  well it was considered fascist organization by our dear neighbour so i think they are bit careful od reviving it . 
  but i agree , women should participate too . 
  there are lot of tasks which they are capable to do and probably are better than men . 
  maps are not owned by nokia anymore . 
  they sold the maps to daimler , audi and bmw, 
  you are wrong , ericsson is the biggest . 
  nokia had really good profit they are not bleeding . 
  there has been thefts of guns . 
  few years ago one was stolen/lost from kontioranta . 
  the guy who lost it had connections to some gangs and they suspected him organizing it to someone but they never got the gun back . 
  huge win ? 
  the economy is going down in the drains . 
  cs : go is not aaa title . 
  gta v is . 
  the infographic tells about amount of gamers , find the size of the market for pc games and you will see that it is not that big compared to the population . 
  reasons : majority of games are pirated , many free to play games are preferred ( dota , lol , etc. 
  ) , purchasing power is not that good , the average salary should be this year less than 400 $ per month . 
  russia is not that big market for aaa pc games . 
  for free-to-play , mobile etc. 
  it is . 
  ah yes , i was n't sure that you meant this . 
  how did finland get backstabbed by germany ( post winter war ) ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we have different low humidity definitions, 
  i think june snow is not normal for north finland either, 
  wuut ? 
  wouldnt it then be more reasonable to close the encirclement , which was not done ? 
  you can look at the finnish army advancements and then question why the last 15km towards leningrad was n't made . 
  firstly : did you notice my flavor ? 
  i know north of ladoga we went much further than the old borders . 
  few questions : i 'd like to know more about the karelian fortifications . 
  i know we had the mannerheimm line to stop the russians but i didnt know there was anything similar on the other side ( one questions is that why would the soviet union have anything since attack war was planned ? ), 
  what russian sounding names were changed ? 
  we have the names already in finnish , why would we use the russian ones ? 
  only what was really changed was petroskoi ( petrozavodsk ) to \u00c4\u00e4nislinna ( translates to the castle of onega ) concentration camps i agree . 
  we had them and the death numbers were quite high . 
  however partisan activity was really high even in the finnish side so i understand this decision . 
  i 'm not saying that he was some kind of saint , do n't get me wrong on that . 
  there was a plan for greater finland ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_finland ) to unite the finnish speaking nationals ( mainly karelians and the finns ) . 
  in the end it didnt work and well , in the end karelians are nowadays nearly extinct . 
  actually he was against even harsher measures against the city ( due to his history there ) and did n't support the requests of the german army to bomb the city , cut the `` life way '' and make even tighter encirclement . 
  so gorby and jeltsin were the main guys who ruined it ? 
  you are just looking from german perspective . 
  nokia brand is n't even on it 's last legs still in the world . 
  i 'm just guessing here that karelians have the same traditional `` ryijy '' what we have in finland and he 's talking about that . 
  i agree . 
  well yes and no . 
  it is a problem since our politicians have n't changed how the society copes with currency . 
  finns have used for raising salaries in the past and this was countered with devaluating the currency . 
  now the problem is that salaries have been rising for decades and currency hasnt devaluated . 
  so once they find a way to keep the salaries at bay situation should get better . 
  also they have to reduce the size of the public sector . 
  do n't worry . 
  we are not that fugged . 
  yesterday they allowed that shops and sell beer with 5,5 % of alcohol instead of 4,7 % . 
  finnish economy is saved now . 
  since finland is essentially an island in the eu the online shopping is not that widespread than in other countries . 
  for example amazon does n't offer finnish service yet . 
  there are domestic , but no big players and usually the delivery services are offered to the nearest post location . 
  how could they sell when they only have right to use it for certain time ? 
  they could probably sell the right to use it until the end of the contract if the contract doesnt specify it . 
  also in this case this new start-up will start developing smart phones while daughter company of foxconn will manufacture the `` dumb '' phones . 
  new company will take care of marketing . 
  this was sent instead of nightwish , iirc she finished last : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kf8c9pnyky, 
  again shows how uncompetent whole finnish public society is currently .
