  does pro-west leader has to be weak ? 
  this seems to be the conclusion always from the russians . 
  my thoughts also :d, 
  this is a plan to destabilize great britain . 
  it 's fueled by press and their anglophobia . 
  did you already have the change of brand from alcatel to nokia ? 
  also can you give your views about the purchase , how does it look like from your side ? 
  thanks for your answers . 
  it 's not incredibly high for europe . 
  indeed . 
  in the end the deal what nokia made was good . 
  except they got the money already from microsoft from the deal . 
  deal included that microsoft has rights for all nokia phone related patents for x-amount of time, 
  they just bought alcatel-lucent . 
  this was going to happen , some of the management will move from france to finland because of this so they had to get rid of duplicate positions . 
  i think it 's not that wise to run the new nearly double the size company with 100 % nokia people and use the knowledge from france too . 
  i would n't be surprised to get some info from finnish people . 
  just look how they try to create the money-amnesty law in haste . 
  read the story , they say that for next two weeks new stories are coming each day . 
  this is going to be big . 
  mh17 was shot down by buk , not by manpad . 
  yes i agree with your point, 
  whats wrong with you , why do you need this sound ? 
  have you seen what kind of aa they have ? 
  it would be really difficult even with never planes to start bombing them . 
  thousands of manpads and heavier aa such as buk and pantsir-s1 . 
  yeah the famous squat problem . 
  abc - chain in finland had to make signs in russian saying that please use the seat and not squat on it . 
  well nearly everyone in mainland europe thinks that finland is some sort of paradise filled with rich people . 
  these kind of news are surprising . 
  they were so professional : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuquuppduqy this guy was ( according to the rumors ) their best salesman . 
  :d . straight from the gym first question : why members do n't get any documents what has happened to the money ? 
  his answer : unnecessary , no-one is interested on that . 
  definitely pro-sanctions and i 'm even from eastern finland . 
  they cost more than 100k $, 
  yes it was but after this event they cancelled it . 
  the russian guy tried to cheat and he had put numbing oil all over his skin but the sauna was 140 degrees celsius and the oil started boiling on his skin . 
  the finn started puking suddenly . 
  the video is not so nice to see . 
  each building has sauna in finland so he should have access . 
  just wait couple years and you can do it . 
  you have to sacrifice something to join the nordic-club, 
  he was referring to the sauna world championships where russian guy died and the finn went in to coma , but survived . 
  you wo n't survive . 
  such the climate in finland for example ? 
  no they are not , compared to european countries . 
  russia is really close to their islands . 
  i did n't know who are fischer and genscher . 
  i doubt people outside of germany will remember sch\u00e4uble . 
  merkel definitely will be remembered . 
  kohl and brandt are still known to people , i think outside of germany brandt is not that well known nowdays . 
  it has been always poorer . 
  the trade from russia , e.g. 
  tourism and export brings some money . 
  not that much . 
  the area in the russian side ( karelia ) is one of the poorest regions in russia . 
  when you work for the goverment you are immune to these economic changes . 
  this is essentially the problem : big public sector filled with wasteful jobs with secure contracts and high salaries . 
  fun fact : 98 % of ukrainians were denied of asylum status in finland last year ... 
  i have no idea why then nearly 100 % of iraqis are granted that . 
  it 's same situation in both countries . 
  some areas are not safe while others are, 
  what 's wrong with the current finnish goverment ? 
  depends a lot on the field and will you work in public or in private sector . 
  i think manere 's numbers seem bit inflated for a single person . 
  at our uni they said that the average starting salary right after uni for masters engineers was around 3500 $ before taxes . 
  slovakia , been there & ice hockey, 
  what does pindo mean ? 
  i think this guy nailed it : http://imgur.com/24zgu74, 
  no point to translate some memes to finnish, 
  in your face you germanic languages !, 
  it 's not even proto-germanic and we still have the original form . 
  i did n't even know that estonians play hockey . 
  i heard that there the sport has very `` russian '' stamp on it and no-one plays . 
  i 'd like to see viipuri back . 
  well probably it 's going to be too expensive and cause lot of problems so just a day dream . 
  these are not house boats , just boat saunas, 
  we get roughly 500 $ to study + 300 $ as loan and then if you go for erasmus you get the erasmus grant on top of that . 
  also abroad you can take 600 $ as loan per month . 
  this loan is very cheap and you get tax deduction if you graduate on time, 
  what im surprised that a small place like savonlinna is listed there . 
  30 patriotic, 
  both countries has plenty of steel , that 's not an issue . 
  100 % agree with you . 
  fin-swe ice-hockey match is the most exciting thing ever . 
  i have a problem with caps lock and it changing the numbers to symbols . 
  it 's really annoying at my work so i changed to qwerty, 
  and maja in finnish small shack , like treehouse, 
  next in the line , the infamous : qwertz, 
  nice collection . 
  i just wish that there would be some explanation , e.g. 
  the year its built, 
  i was on a business trip in south france . 
  then these young people come to the bar with a set of m\u00f6llkky . 
  i had to go and talk to them and they said its very popular nowdays during summer to play at park . 
  i wonder why you dont use portugali ? 
  good luck getting workers for your western company with that salary . 
  yes it was only during short time on one day . 
  i was following it live and the charts really started acting like in the simpsons clip . 
  wtf ?
