  so cool, 
  what makes it 's ironical who wrote that comment . 
  the headline is bullshit , the map represents something else . 
  celebration means here a public holiday, 
  i can only do the rolled r. 
  sorry man , it 's just the german r which i can not cope with and bavarians get it right  . 
  i find bavarian ok . 
  florence is great . 
  except the traffic : i drove there with a mercedes vito, 
  what i dont understand why they dont build the new buildings in this st. petersburg - style anymore ? 
  all the new ones are much more uglier than the old ones . 
  vienna is so nice place !, 
  100 % agree , i have been to many places in italy but milan was so much worse than anything else . 
  it 's ok city but i just somehow had the image that it would be really good . 
  i guess he is referring how wikileaks didnt show any evidence on mh17 and therefore that they seem to be really russia oriented nowadays . 
  split up between poland and lithuania ? 
  you forgot the jews . 
  i dont know if they hate sweden , but more like are worried about your countrys current policies . 
  i think sweden is/was considered a model country and the trend seems like it is going in total opposite direction . 
  so its a report of finnish tourists ? 
  i have seen couple times in hamburg, 
  i was under impression the dual citizenship law is already in place ? 
  so instead of helping them you say that eu/us should have controlled them ? 
  dude , they were and are being helped . 
  most of finnish foreign aid couple years ago went to russia . 
  there are also other examples . 
  why you dont change your flair already ? 
  `` the french live in one of the richest and * safest * countries in the world '', 
  dude , it 's not worse in finland . 
  you have n't experienced german internet . 
  wireless or wired internet it is so much worse here . 
  have you seen their infra ? 
  check kola peninsula . 
  would like to see more nordic countries playing ice hockey . 
  seems to be the habbit . 
  also nearly all russians who i have met in germany are hardcore putin supporters . 
  this was enlightening , thanks . 
  it 's ok , we can have you as a minority . 
  we already have swedish speaking minority so it should be ok, 
  i 'm not here to call anyone uninformed , just want to see what 's peoples opinion and get better overall picture . 
  yeah , we will see then . 
  his comment was sarcastic, 
  der-postillon is just a satire paper , everything is satire there . 
  wouldnt most voters want tighter stance on immigration now ? 
  so you are talking about sweden ? 
  please , dont talk about it . 
  it 's sensitive topic . 
  lets swap , you will get ahvenanmaa and we will get the border in the north where it used to be . 
  we are mostly waiting what russia could offer ... 
  fucking every day now . 
  i recognized osm since it shows the accelerator tunnels in hamburg . 
  high five !, 
  oh man , is n't that bit too much ? 
  i have zero knowledge about this , but can you give me eli5 why ireland wont unite ? 
  yeah it 's everywhere . 
  better beer ? 
  welcome to the internet , enjoy your stay . 
  100 % agreed . 
  so , russians . 
  karelians were not put in to these camps . 
  there used to be difference . 
  what the fuck is the headline, 
  yes i agree but somehow i stumbled last time in berlin to couple bars where they openly were rolling , selling and then smoking on front of the bars . 
  this i have yet not seen in hh, 
  perkele-xit would be better . 
  there is a huge difference between hamburg and berlin imo . 
  in berlin is much more open and common than in hamburg . 
  fords in europe are different to the american models and they are built and designed in germany, 
  it would be total waste of resources to try to level st. petersburg and no-one even wants that . 
  we have guns that can shoot bonus . 
  they shot it for the first time couple months ago . 
  edit : also 122mm is being phased out in the future . 
  swedes liked to think that we are inferior, 
  ukraine has also quite big aa capabilities . 
  i thought i would never see this building finished . 
  just in time before leaving hamburg behind me . 
  thanks for the video . 
  yes i 'm aware of this . 
  it 's not mutual . 
  we still have to find invitee submit many papers and still it might be rejected, 
  we are part of schengen =  same thing than for everyone else . 
  kind of pity since i 'd like to visit st. petersburg / viipuri and sortavala more often . 
  much easier than the russian requirements . 
  source : i have had 4 one year visas to russia and organized visa to schengen to my ex gf, 
  germany is probably the worst in europe, 
  this . 
  they claim that they can offer better service than anyone other . 
  just on of the reasons . 
  lol . 
  indeed . 
  you , sir are jumping to the conclusions here . 
  let me clarify : we have had more of terrorist attacks in europe . 
  i doubt that if the current trend continues that no change will come : goverments start to react in different ways , maybe it will be a threath to our unified europe for example ? 
  it 's quite obvious that polish goverment will react differently than german . 
  we have lot 's of far right activity ongoing in various european countries . 
  if people feel like that their wishes are not listened , far right will get more support from the attacks . 
  who knows what will follow then ? 
  people were also saying around early 2000s that wars in europe are over . 
  well look at ukraine now , the country is still at war . 
  and i have to dissapoint you , i do n't get a hard on from terrorist attacks .
