they are not . 
  most of the buses in malta are new and with ac . 
  oliebollen are far better than those sad ring donuts in the stores . 
  that sounds made up . 
  greek . 
  sometimes it sounds like an odd version of spanish, 
  where do i put my hay and cattle ? 
  a horse cart is not necessarily a sign of poverty . 
  is a way of getting to and from the field or carrying stuff . 
  a car would n't be that helpful for that in the countryside . 
  yes , internet speed was among the top 10 worldwide , according to a recent study . 
  patatas bravas and jam\u00f3n ib\u00e9rico all the way !, 
  there 's also serbian `` sarma '' . 
  this is [ what i read ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2014/03/too_many_part_time_jobs_are_du.php ) . 
  does n't this lead to a decrease in productivity ? 
  that 's how it is in some cases i 've seen ... 
  moldovans make up 75 % of the country 's population . 
  so even if the russians , ukrainians and gagauz would vote against it , you 'd still have majority . 
  anyway , i know it will never happen , romania ca n't financially support this reunification . 
  rich ? 
  you must be joking ... 
  i could n't have said it better myself . 
  i 'd say cluj-napoca is pretty much what you 're looking for . 
  that is if you 're not considering living in a small provincial town . 
  not sure what the ts stand for . 
  negative opinions aside , you can fly to bucharest then grab a car to drive to transylvania and maybe fly back from budapest . 
  there are a lot of gorgeous cities and sights in transylvania , i think it 's a lot nicer than the capital, 
  yep , the latter is flemish . 
  what the pm is speaking is nederlands . 
  like elfish, 
  to be honest , that 's flemish , which sounds pretty different compared to dutch . 
  nice videos . 
  are they making them on a regular basis ? 
  i ca n't tell if they making up what they 're saying or it 's actually danish ... 
  wow . 
  i 'm happy to see someone other than my family has the habit of eating their bread and cheese dipped in tea . 
  i 'm from a county neighboring bulgaria and now i see what the roots are of this unusual eating habit . 
  baked in a gas oven, 
  yes , but that in ah is not real bread . 
  i have yet to find a bread comparable to the german ones but bakeries do a pretty good job . 
  you were already welcoming them when romania and bulgaria joined the eu . 
  for that matter , even when other countries such as hungary or slovakia joined . 
  lifting the work restrictions wo n't mean much . 
  if you read the posts above yours , you 'll see they 're not considered hard workers . 
  they 'd do anything except work . 
  in bucharest - most supermarkets are mega image ( local name for the belgian group delhaize ) hypermarkets : auchan carrefour cora metro selgros real, 
  i regularly send money back home and do n't pay any fees . 
  i just checked a transfer i did a few days ago and nothing extra was taken . 
  not sure why it 's free but i was surprised too . 
  in romania , i would probably pay 10e for a transfer of 100e . 
  netherlands - free transfers within the country and within the eu . 
  exactly what i wanted to say . 
  i even saw people eating two slices of very soft bread with a thin slice of cheese in between on the street . 
  ca n't understand it ... 
  uhm , have you ever been to the netherlands ? 
  or to nordic countries ? 
  had this for the first time 2 months ago . 
  it beats a cinnamon roll in my book !, 
  too bad !, 
  they 're acceptable as long as they last 3 months . 
  but this one lasted for almost 5 months !, 
  the cold really crept into my bones so much that 15c feels warm for me . 
  those immigrants , even non-eu ones , would add to the cultural diversity that the country lost after ww2 . 
  i 'm already seeing a lot of chinese people in certain neighborhoods of the capital that have integrated very well . 
  so i do n't think it 's a major issue . 
  for # 1 , / r/firstworldproblems /, 
  juicy stuff , thanks !, 
  my mistake , got the topic of the sentence mixed up . 
  as for the second part , we have been though in history class that the romanian people today are a result of roman soldiers colonizing what was once known as dacia ( roughly today 's romania ) . 
  i wo n't say it 's communist propaganda since this was the accepted theory before and after ' 89 . 
  that 's not exactly true !, 
  hungarians are ancestors of huns while romanians are of latin descent . 
  there are some people of serbian descent living in romania and more romanians living in serbia . 
  and i know that during the yugoslavic war , romanians supplied the serbians while there was an embargo on the country . 
  yes , those are my favorite neighbors , among all the other ones . 
  can someone post the full article ? 
  apart from rep. moldova , which is obviously closest ? 
  try doing that with a pension of 300 euros . 
  remember that there are poorer countries in the eu that manage with even less . 
  actually , the simpler translation would be `` pot sa merg acolo ? '', 
  what you have there literally translates into `` can i walk by foot till there ? '', 
  whoaw , buddy , you built up a lot of frustration . 
  take a breather , have a beer and take it easy !, 
  that looks like paradise . 
  where did you travel from ? 
  was it expensive getting thre ? 
  maybe this has something to do with not encouraging some hungarian minorities in romania to ask for autonomy . 
  sucked even more to be in eastern europe , particularly romania . 
  also overrun by turks , hungarians or romans , 
  descendants of both dacians and romans . 
  [ that 's ignorant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhqghfcmaoc&amp;feature=related ), 
  did that with 5 kilos . 
  i looked like i was pregnant then peed for 5 minutes straight . 
  [ but ... ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/005/342/129969639840.gif ), 
  does n't everyone eat 5 kg of watermelon in one sitting ? 
  also : * 1 round trip to the seaside from bucharest * 60 kilos of watermelon * get drunk in a nice club ( 4-5 cocktails ) * order 4 pizzas, 
  i am partly lactose intolerant so i only have it with my cereal . 
  i used to get lactose-free milk but ca n't find it in the stores now . 
  i do n't particularly care for it , but yeah , fresh milk straight from the cow is better . 
  then fresher .
