  also for what it 's worth i 'm pro staying in the eu and i was happy that scotland voted to stay part of the uk . 
  because they literally * just * voted to stay part of the union . 
  which means we do things as a union . 
  like if the scottish vote is enough to mean that we stay rather than leave , even if the english alone would have voted out . 
  here in southwest england i 've been gardening in my t-shirt today . 
  lovely blue sky and warm . 
  all my bulbs have started flowering so i figured i may as well make the most of it and tidy everything up . 
  blue skies may not apply to the north of our country though ... 
  we have the high score . 
  plus you buy us a christmas tree . 
  100 % , but you know , british so seems reasonable . 
  final question was begging for a joke answer though ... 
  kind of odd that they listed the isle of man . 
  a rough calculation would show that they have 2 metal bands then . 
  i could only find one on the internet - the water is rising . 
  there is also a band called the isle of man . 
  i now know more about this than is reasonable . 
  funny thing is that this is second video in the last few weeks of an american / canadian woodworking youtuber talking about these european windows . 
  wranglerstar also had a video talking about them . 
  inward opening is more practical for cleaning but outward opening is probably more secure in that they can only be prised open rather than kicked in . 
  also you may have a better chance of battering them open from the inside in the case of fire etc. 
  pros and cons to both , i 'd imagine it 's a quirk of history at this point . 
  politics is rarely improved by removing dissent . 
  the figure being banded around is that 0.2 % is due to the olympics . 
  i 'd imagine getting an accurate figure is nigh on impossible though . 
  hiring good people is always hard , recession or not recession . 
  that said there is a shortage of decent programmers at the moment - this is a world wide problem . 
  there are plenty of people in here telling you to hire interns and graduates - to a degree this is a good idea . 
  that said you have to get the balance right . 
  inexperienced developers are a massive drain on a team as to invest in them properly takes a huge amount of time from your most experienced people . 
  interns in particular get hired as much as an advertising exercise as for what they really produce ( although some are genuinely great ) . 
  oh and finally your developers should be interviewing other developers not your managers . 
  some of these were created without enough images - they are the ones that look really unbalanced when an average human face should be perfectly symmetrical . 
  in weatherspoons you can get two main meals , 2 pints and a decent chunk of change from # 16 . 
  people watching in weatherspoons is also great entertainment . 
  i went in february - it was still warm enough for t-shirts but there were no lines anywhere and it was n't crowded . 
  we had one of gaudi 's roofs to ourselves for about 30 minutes at one point !, 
  we had a really amazing time and totally fell in love with the city . 
  poor wales :-( incidentally sheep shaggers is the `` stereotype '' you are looking for . 
  this is very true in england with the english flag as well ( the same far right problem and general mistrust of nationalism ) . 
  interestingly the opposite is true in wales , they love their flag . 
  the union flag is usually more acceptable , although outside of the last few weeks ( queen 's diamond jubilee ) it 's not flown a huge amount . 
   how 's the retirement system in the uk ? 
  retirement ages are going up - there has been bit of grumbling and the odd strike but nothing serious . 
  on the whole the system is n't in too bad a shape - final income pensions and the like have been getting phased out since thatchers time . 
  we also have relatively high fertility and immigration which act as balances . 
  it 's far from perfect but in a strictly financial sense it could be looking a lot worse . 
  the uk appears to be second lowest ( quite a big gap between the two and the next lowest country , the netherlands ) . 
  it 's interesting as i 'd imagine the uk and sweden are quite different in terms of roads , population density , driving habits etc. 
  drinking and driving is socially unacceptable in the uk , well most of it anyway , it 's slightly more common in some rural areas i suppose . 
  the roads in the uk are extremely busy but well planned , well sign posted and the driving test is regarded as rigorous . 
  i do n't know what affect these have though . 
  mostly drivers just seem a bit calmer than in some other parts of europe . 
  http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/mar/22/environment-population-conference-britain obviously it relies on current trends continuing and germany 's population declining . 
  factors which probably should n't be taken for granted . 
  loads of spanish cvs coming through at the moment , also quite a few french ones ( this is the uk , not london ) . 
  we do get a lot of international cvs as a matter of course though. ,, 
  looking at the market stall i would say this a travelling german market and thus no british people are at fault here . 
  the romans and normans probably count for the uk ( well lots of it anyway ) . 
  the bits that the romans did n't get could make an argument for being colonies of england at certain points although i 'm not really sure of the exact definition of colony . 
  on this topic there is a french guy working on my team in the uk . 
  he speaks perfect fluent english which he learnt whilst working for our company in finland . 
  basically he left finland fluent in english but not speaking finnish . 
  meh you can drink cold larger in the uk if you decide to take leave of your senses and ignore the clearly superior ales on offer . 
  i was expecting this to be stupid but that 's quite a sensible list really . 
  i get the impression that social situations in finland are just always that awkward :-), 
  12.5 , lots of places use , for decimals . 
  hopefully gay and lesbian couples will actually be able to marry soon , rather than the current civil partnership situation . 
  it might only be a word but it 's important symbolically . 
  it 's also nice that a conservative government is pushing the change through . 
  `` we do n't support gay marriage despite being conservative , but because we are conservative '' definitely cameron 's best soundbite . 
  the secret diary of adrian mole . 
  i messaged the mods to ask them to tag it nsfw . 
  it 's only a single click for a mod to do and it would be unfortunate if this got anyone in trouble . 
  there are some gems but the best part of british food is that we are so open to food from other countries . 
  there are few places where so much food from around the world is available . 
  we also have a lot of amazing restaurants and great and cheap fresh produce . 
  there 's a lot of shit food around but that does n't really matter as it 's not like you have to eat it . 
  possibly but the uk 's borrowing costs have been dropped consistently over the last year . 
  whilst everything is far from rosy the lack of safe investment opportunities seems to have affected the markets opinion . 
  whether or not the credit ratings agencies ratings will mirror this though i do n't know . 
   `` i explained it to the daily mail , but still they put a wrong and misleading caption . 
  she was with a group of friends , they were just a bunch of people on a night out , they laughed about the pile of rubbish and she laid down on the pavement and her friends photographed her . 
  she was not drunk , it was a joke she made with friends . 
  it happened right in front of me , so i shot it as well . '', 
  that 's a quote from [ a guardian article on the set of photos and britain 's relationship with itself ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2011/sep/23/maciej-dakowicz-alcohol-cardiff ) , titled `` the excess is not in alcohol but in britain 's self-loathing '' . 
  i could n't find the interview i had previously read - sorry . 
  all i could find were people saying what i said , second hand quotes if you will . 
  northern british girls ability to withstand the cold is worthy of greater scientific investigation . 
  these photos are from cardiff , the capital city of wales . 
  the collection is by maciej dakowicz and he readily admits that many of them were staged . 
  also txampion is a massive troll that spends a fairly sad portion of his time posting anti-british links and comments to / r/europe . 
  please try not to encourage him . 
  that said , we do have a problem with binge drinking in the uk . 
  cardiff is probably one of the worst cities in that regard . 
  in addition to being fairly poor it also gets a lot of people in from the surrounding ( even poorer ) areas . 
  inexplicably it has also become a destination for stag parties ... 
  the uk map could be misleading if you do n't know about the population density . 
  the rich part of the uk is also where the majority of people live ( the south-east ) . 
  although the map shows large less affluent areas in practice many of them are sparsely populated .
