i think this is not a good result for the uk . 
  i think it is a bad result . 
  this means i will now probably vote ukip rather than conservative . 
  i 'm struggling to follow , do you mean that we should have paid nothing ? 
  music , art , an alternative culture , pirates , stupid accent , banksy , concord . 
  bristol uk . 
   my favorite building in another european country has to be the sagrada fam\u00edlia in barcelona , spain . 
  i ca n't think of another building that pictures so completely fail to do justice to . 
  even partially completed it 's an amazing building . 
  i always felt that they charged in the wrong direction . 
  i 'm surprised at how high the uk is . 
  presumably this is the result of comparing net as opposed to the more usual gross value . 
  it used to be fairly unbearable then it got better for about a year or so . 
  these days it seems to be going back in that direction . 
  i wonder if its the effect of / r/europe being a default sub for everywhere in europe but the uk . 
  maybe it just cycles , fingers crossed at it makes it difficult for me to enjoy spending time here . 
  i think i 've heard them referred to as eurofighters more than typhoons in the uk . 
  both are definitely used though . 
  i will , only good things can come from escalating this . 
  nokia for finland is out of date . 
  source : i now work for microsoft . 
   we 're lucky if our summer falls on a saturday . 
  we 've had 3 solid weeks of sun with a temperature of 23 to 25 degrees . 
  that 's about the perfect temperature to me . 
  i have private health insurance through work but i 've only ever used the nhs . 
  private health insurance is good for serious long term illness ( you get a better room ) and expensive cancer treatments . 
  for most stuff it 's just not worth the hassle . 
  accident and emergency is all nhs as well . 
  we recently had a baby and the level of care both pre and post natal was astonishingly good . 
  very progressive as well . 
  i 'm not shocked , london is really prospering . 
  there are many questions about the relationship between london and the rest of the uk but you ca n't question its success . 
  i enjoyed my time there but ultimately it was too big and busy for my tastes . 
  that said i do appreciate living in a city less than two hours away . 
  we should join together and form some kind of social and economic union or something . 
  your legit question has left me legitimately confused . 
  i mean in a rotational sense , a little over 1.5 radians . 
  hah , you 're barely 90 degrees from being french . 
   all brits are lying crooked mouths who would twist any kind of figure to appear better than the french if you were n't french i 'd like you . 
  yeah but our dad is tougher than your dad . 
  do n't forget that a lot of the welsh learn english as a second language not first . 
  my mother for example . 
  she was in a minority 60 years ago but it 's a lot more common now . 
  the bottom two are personal gmail addresses . . 
  we fixed the food . 
  20 years ago it was terrible but we had something of a food revolution , now you can easily get food as good as anywhere in the world . 
  many of the worlds best restaurants are in the uk . 
  the only danger is that we still have some places that cater to those that never learnt to like food , and a few places that are still lagging behind . 
  as a native you can spot them a mile away but as a tourist you might get caught out from time to time . 
  the best thing about previously being shit with food is that we have no qualms about taking on other countries food cultures . 
  that means we have a great diversity of choices . 
  it 's hard to be sure but my impression is that they are weakly pro but scared about losing so many votes to ukip so publicly they like to appear a bit anti europe . 
  i used to do that when i worked at a supermarket through college . 
  i somehow managed to not fill the form in for about 2 years . 
  i 'm pretty amazed i graduated sometimes . 
  i doubt you could do it at many places though . 
  either way i like that there is no expectation that someone should have id . 
  i ca n't tell if that 's sarcastic or not but it 's a ridiculous statement . 
  europe should represent the views of it 's members . 
  sometimes some of those members wo n't agree . 
  whilst the uk has a strong `` leave europe '' movement , that i do n't personally agree with , it has as much of a right to shape european policy as any other state . 
  disagreement is a required part of a healthy functioning system . 
  the science museum and national history museum are better choices for kids than the tate . 
  there might be some things of interest in the british museum depending on what your child likes . 
  the london eye would probably be quite fun as well . 
  next to the london eye is the sea life museum which is pretty good . 
  apparently the horniman museum is really good for kids although i 've not been to confirm . 
  http://www.horniman.ac.uk/ besides that if it 's hot then paddling around in a lido in one of the parks would make a change from the usual touristy stuff . 
  oh and hamley 's toy shop if you 're feeling rich :-), 
  if we 're running out of countries we could do overseas territories and constituent countries ( e.g. 
  wales , scotland , england , northern island ) . 
  also what do europeans know about non-european countries could be interesting . 
  ireland is the only country i 've been to where it does n't even feel like i 'm abroad . 
  one of the advantages of lacking a good heritage of food is that we 've enthusiastically embraced everyone elses . 
  you can great food of pretty much any variety even in smaller towns and cities . 
  supermarkets stock reasonably priced world ingredients and great fresh produce . 
  we also have a large number of extremely high quality restaurants , particularly in the modern european style . 
  the problem is that you kind of need to know the difference between what 's going to be great food and somewhere that has n't moved on since the 70s . 
  that 's simple to anyone living here as you know all the signs . 
  as a tourist though you can easily end up somewhere terrible , particularly as tourist attractions tend to have some of the worst . 
  in france you can expect most restaurants to be of an ok standard , in the uk you need to know which one to choose . 
  there are a lot of people in the uk that still do n't appreciate good food and they need places to eat . 
  the culture of food is unrecognisable today from what it was in the 80s but it will take generations for the transformation to be complete . 
   the british should remember the romans shaped britain 's history . 
   `` when they were wearing bearskins , we were building roads and acqueducts , '' mr ghini said . 
  `` evidently they have never forgiven us . '', 
  the hell ? 
  anyway you should warn tourists about this kind of thing . 
  just like you should in london , paris or any other big city . 
  there are places everywhere where criminals target tourists . 
  london has plenty of signs up about it . 
  it 's hardly worth getting upset about . 
  right now you can have a civil partnership which gives you the same rights as marriage but you ca n't get married until this finishes going through ( final reading ? 
  and the house of lords ) and gets made into law . 
  great news though , and it 's gone through very quickly so far . 
   for the english to see is the implication that the english are fake or that the portuguese like to take advantage of us ? 
  not really sure what the result of cameron 's deal was in that regard - there was a provision about integration ( not sure exactly how binding it is ) but on the whole i completely agree with you . 
  [ edit ] i should point out though that this does n't mean i think any given country is required to agree all the time , not be a pain in the ass etc. 
  there is no absolute requirement for greater integration it 's just what the majority want right now . 
  that could always change and countries that disagree are allowed to try and promote a different vision .
