  [ edit ] this is also probably true for the whole map but rural france , for example , seems to be more affluent than the rural uk . 
  this is probably ( possibly ) due to the relative importance of farming in the two economies . 
   responded by saying there would be a referendum in 2014 , the 700th anniversary of the battle of bannockburn . 
  i can see this being a reasonable and rational debate . 
  also the interesting result `` approve or disapprove of scotland becoming independent '' is actually a different question when asking it to a scottish or english person . 
  to a scott you are asking them if they want independence . 
  to the english you might be asking if you want an independent scotland but you are also asking if they approve of scotland 's right to be independent which is a very different thing . 
  i would probably have answered yes to the question , even though i think i 'd prefer the union to remain . 
  that said if it would mean an end to the endless repetitions of the `` does scotland cost of provide money '' debate then i might be all for it . 
   both would be problematic as it would create issues with the rest of the uk ( physical and financial barriers ) . 
  ca n't you already go via ireland to northern ireland then across to the uk mainland without border controls ? 
  the red beer and the green beer if memory serves me correctly . 
  what are the numbers like in terms of popular support for independence ? 
  last time i looked it was still quite a long way off . 
  i 'm not personally convinced that the european issue will cause much difference in general scottish opinion - i 'd be interested to hear a different opinion though . 
  agreed on constitutional reform with the slight caveat that lords somehow often manages to be more sane than commons ... still i doubt it 's beyond the wit of man to create a fairer , democratic system that still allows a degree of separation from party politics in an upper house . 
  would n't it be unfair to the english public to allow them to be involved in these decisions . 
  the welsh and scottish are fully represented to the same degree as the english ( actually better represented as their constituencies , on average , have less people in them ) in the uk parliament . 
  adding this second layer of representation on a uk wide issue seems unreasonable . 
  agreed , i 'm more than happy to think in either metric or imperial without having to convert between the two in my head . 
  i would n't want to do anything scientific in imperial but when roughly measuring things inches , for example , can be a useful size . 
  whilst it would probably be easier to measure speed in km for consistencies sake it seems rather academic when we still drive on the other side of the road !, 
  i actually think it makes sense for us to switch to driving on the right at some point but it would be pretty expensive in the short term and the middle of a world recession would be a bad time !, 
  it 's important to remember that what articles we see here are what the readers of / r/europe are interested in , and not a real representation of what 's happening in europe . 
  it seems to me that a lot of our readers are exceedingly fond of soap operas . 
  as to this article , there is a truth to its premise but i found it overly condescending and like many such articles , guilty of that which it argues against . 
  i also find it odd that so often people will complain about the uk going on about the war ( a fair complaint ) yet find it fitting to do the same thing about the end of the british empire . 
  off topic but from the article :  there 's no risk that france could default on its debt ... ** as opposed to countries like greece and italy ** , the state is strong , taxes are paid , and the government shows determination in cleaning up its finances . 
  the only risk is to become the target of speculation . 
  seriously guys you just caused a diplomatic incident doing this ... like 2 days ago !, 
   in western norway , it is called `` shetlandsgodt '' ( shetland sweets ) , because it often was brought home by fishermen visiting shetland . 
  in iceland it is traditionally known as `` mackintosh . '', 
  i 'm pretty surprised to find these made it out of the uk to be honest !, 
  they are far from my favourite sweets but they do make me feel really christmasy . 
  i was going to post about this . 
  my local pub does the best i 've ever had . 
  nothing beats sitting by the fire and drinking mulled cider on a cold night . 
  my other christmas drink ( not really a tradition just something i make ) is brandy chai tea . 
  it only takes about 10 minutes to make and you should have some suitable spices and tea in the cupboard . 
  fuck , we almost managed a thread without someone mentioning the uk and you spoiled it . 
  this is n't about the uk , pipe down . 
  that quote is from 1987 and is as accurate as the day is was written . 
  i find that a little bit scary , a little bit disappointing and a little bit comforting . 
  yeah but also from the paragraph you linked ...  if the rebate were removed without changes to the cap then the uk would pay a net contribution of 14 times that of the french ( in 2005 eu budget terms ) . 
  the uk would make a net contribution of $ 8.25 billion compared to the current contribution of $ 2.75 billion , versus a current french net contribution of $ 0.59 billion . 
  so it looks to me like the uk currently , with the rebate , pay far more than france . 
  [ edit ] just to be clear , i 'm not picking on france , they just happened to be in the article . 
   being lumped together with the chavy brits more than happy to use our cultural icons ( really not sure that 's the right phrase ) for your username though !, 
  seconding bristol , then you can join our subreddit , / r/bristol, 
  that 's a reasonable point . 
  i took your comment more as a general unfounded bashing of the uk . 
  that , however , is really one of the big problems with textual internet communication not any particular criticism of your comment . 
  it 's important that we on / r/europe take every chance to remind ourselves how much we dislike the uk . 
  the size of the circles are somewhat misleading , probably the more topical figure is the percentage of government debt to gdp . 
  the uks very high debt is explained on the right :  the high debt to gdp ratio is explained by the uk 's active financial sector , where there is a great deal of capital movement . 
  this level of overall external debt is generally not seen as a problem because the uk also holds high-value assets . 
  spain has to lowest government debt to gdp figure on this chart , followed by the uk , then germany . 
  of course it 's actually far more complicated than this , and you 're right in summarizing that every country here has worrying debt . 
  japan is an interesting one with 233 % debt , but the majority of it 's debt is domestic , and as such not seen as such a problem . 
  / r/europe is getting pretty hard to read as a brit these days . 
  i 'm thinking about un-subscribing as reading the comments usually just leaves me annoyed . 
  for books try [ the book despository ] ( http://www.bookdepository.co.uk/ ) . 
  they tend to be very reasonable and offer free world wide delivery . 
  i 'm supposed to be flying into athens on sunday , getting a bus to the port and taking a boat to the island of agistri for a family get together - the timings are worryingly tight for travel in greece anyway . 
  how fucked am i ? 
  it 's more serious in places than you might think . 
  the basque region of spain or northern island for example . 
  although things are a lot quieter now the uk suffered a lot from the ira for a number of years . 
  [ edit ] although most serious problem in the world is a bit ridiculous . 
  sadly i 'd imagine the opposite is more likely . 
  if using foreign satellite networks becomes common enough to risk the main market ( the leagues home country ) , they will probably just stop selling the rights to those suppliers meaning that the only way to get it would be to pay the high costs of the main supplier . 
  i was too young to be invited to that party . 
  now i 'm trying to buy a house and am somehow footing the bill . 
  i thought german rent prices were insanely low compared to other western european countries ? 
  or were you just rubbing it in ? 
  you only need to spend a few days in the us to realise just how much closer we are to europe than america culturally . 
  i do n't have any links but anecdotally i would suggest that the welsh are as euro-sceptic as the english - i 'm not sure about the scottish . 
  it would make sense for the welsh to be more pro-europe than the english though as they get massively more eu funding due to being a less wealthy region . 
  i do n't think the more prosperous areas of the country are able to take advantage . 
  afaik the funding goes to poorer regions and is n't available universally . 
  i ca n't imagine anywhere not taking advantage if it was available . 
  pros : * volcanoes are cool cons : * volcanoes mess up everyone flights, 
  hard not to agree with that . 
  reddit also has a thing for shitting on the english , they used to love being assholes to the french but seem to have largely moved on ( with the exception of the occasional tired jokes ) . 
  northern europe can do no wrong of course . 
  of course reddits 's relationship with america is even stranger in that it swings wildly from self hate to disturbing nationalism . 
   and the horse-racing company o.d.i.e. , are on a list of assets that greece plans to privatize , in whole or in part , by 2015 . 
  why does greece have a state owned horse racing company ? 
  i 've read that 5 times , i ca n't get past the idea that i must be misinterpreting it . 
   when all their news is filtered like this really ? 
  this is one newspaper , some are pro-europe and are anti-europe , that is actually the sign of a functioning media . 
  also your comment is more inflammatory than the article . 
  assuming conventionally fuelled cars are still around and that this legislation would still have a purpose , then my only real problem is what do people who live in cities do ? 
  where do they keep their cars ? 
  cars are also useful for families and occasionally moving bigger things around . 
  i spend far more time walking and cycling than driving but i 'm glad that my girlfriend and i have a car to share between us for when we need it . 
  i would also like to be able to keep it at my house  an an aside the telegraph are horribly anti-europe and should n't be linked for anything related to it . 
  manage your subscriptions to subreddits by clicking edit in the top right of your screen . 
  leave of the bigger reddits and join some smaller ones ( leaving politics would probably be your best bet ) . 
  any time you notice a lot of annoying links from one subreddit remove it .
