  or lobby the organisatin for support ? 
  it does n't require government intervention . 
  again , i really do n't see how we 're disagreeing here . 
  my point is that if priest and church want to do it , they can . 
  if they do n't want to , they do n't have to . 
  nobody 's religious freedom is being infringed upon , * despite * your earlier claim that it was  the alternative argument is , why are you forcing religions to do something and causing so much controversy , rather than allowing freedom of religion where is the government intervening in the church ? 
  it 's intervening with marriage yes , but that is no longer solely the church 's domain . 
   4 ) then it 's a christian issue . 
  it 's nothing to do with gay rights . 
  if christianity did n't exist , marriage may not even be a thing , let alone gay marriage . 
  i 'm not really sure what your point is ? 
  seems a bit of a moot point considering christianity * does * exist in this timeline and so marriage is a thing . 
   1 ) you 're presuming that gay people want to get married though . 
  i 'm unsure why gay people would want to get married anymore than straight people , and the latter have been increasingly looking down on marriage - especially the youth . 
  already answered `` tax credits , adoption rights , inheritance , next of kin , visitation rights , etc. '', 
   2 ) civil unions and cohabitation are valid forms of marriage that do n't require the government to tell religions what to do ; the majority of hindu/buddhist asia has split the idea of marriage and legal-marriage . 
  right , again , you can make a perfectly valid argument against the government being involved in marriage at all , but until the day when that gets resolved , do you propose just leaving out gay people altogether ? 
  also , do you acknowledge that cohabitation is less than marriage ? 
   3 ) you 're presuming that government has a right to say what a church can do . 
  the definition of marriage can vary from organisation to organisation . 
  if a priest does n't want to marry a homosexual couple , then why should he be forced to ? 
  where ? 
  where did i do this ? 
  show me . 
  i 'm not saying a priest should be forced to do anything . 
  i 'm saying if the priest is * also * willing , where is the problem ? 
   4 ) and you 're focusing on christianity . 
  i presume that you do n't think marriage is backwards and that christianity is an integral aspect of european culture . 
  in that case , it 's not a gay right , but rather an issue for christians . 
  i 'm focusing on christianity because ireland is predominantly christian , and the catholic church has historically had a significant presence in the laws of this country . 
  do i think christianity is an integral aspect of european culture ? 
  hah , no !, 
  i 'm not christian by the way . 
   the idea that one needs to get married in order to obtain to legal rights have long been considers backwards by many people . 
  that may be so , but that 's a more complex discussion , so why wait for that before giving gay people the same rights ? 
   and we have civil unions for that too . 
  [ not the same thing ] ( http://www.marriagequality.ie/getinformed/marriage/faqs.html )  it does n't need to involve religion . 
  already said , more legal than religious . 
  and even if it is religious , should a gay devout christian couple not be able to marry in a church if they can find a priest who 's willing to perform the service ? 
  who does that situation harm ? 
   india does n't provide any useful benefits for marriage anyway . 
  the majority do n't even bother to register that marriage with government . 
  true , but different country . 
   and religions still maintain a lot of control over marriage rites ( divorce etc. . . ) too . 
  not legally they do n't . 
  i feel like i 'm repeating myself . 
   why are you forcing religions to do something and causing so much controversy , rather than allowing freedom of religion who 's being forced here ? 
  marriage is just as much ( if not more ) of a legal thing these days than a religious one . 
  see next point . 
  how does this infringe upon anyone 's freedom of religion ? 
   when marriage is so useless and backwards ? 
  tax credits , adoption rights , inheritance , next of kin , visitation rights , etc. 
  ah i remember the days of reading old books in school as a class and coming across phrases such as `` they sang gay songs as they made their way down the street '' . 
  it would be hard to that in their current forms , mainly because i 'm not so sure that you 'd be right in putting fianna fail left of fine gael . 
  i was actually surprised to learn that when it comes down to eu classifications , ff was alde and fg was the epp one . 
  they 're really more alike than they care to admit . 
  the short answer is `` why * not * let gay people get married . 
  sure , you could make the argument that no kids will actually come from it , but the same could be said of elderly or infertile couples , and you do n't see anyone saying '' * well * , do they really * need * the right to vote ? 
  is wallonia really considered a minority region ? 
  i thought they had roughly equal standing as flanders , even if flanders was more successful in some aspects . 
  i mean , of course he envisions a referendum . 
  that 's practically unavoidable at this stage , so promising it really does n't count for much . 
  and then there 's the actual wording of the question itself . 
  will they stick with the citizens assembly 's guidelines or will he water it down ? 
  public ( or closest to it ) opinion effectively ignored there . 
  well shit . 
  there 's still many hours to go !, 
  just a few more corners and you 'll be right back to where you started !, 
  hey , hey , be fair . 
  even they were in on the agreement . 
  the problem is that regardless of whether * he * believes it 's real or not , he * says * it 's not , and so he 's empowering all the other climate change deniers out there , which will have long term affects . 
  so much for the rise of the commonwealth that may 's been touting . 
  there 's probably a reason why i do n't realise that i 'm italian . 
  check my flair again . 
  none . 
  in ireland they would say `` tree '' . 
  ah , it depends on the word . 
  that makes sense . 
  that last sentence made me think it more depended on the person . 
  so really it 's a bit of both ? 
  as in there are some words everyone agrees on ? 
  personally , the ones who openly want to destroy it , through action or inaction are the pretty scary ones . 
  it 's basically free publicity for not being trump . 
  does that mean some people pronounce `` the '' as `` fe '' ? 
  i just ca n't hear that in my mind . 
  oooooohhh i see . 
  so purely phonetic , no symbolism or deeper meaning ? 
  then again , is n't a lot of corbyn 's popularity from the decidedly * not * liberal policies , such as nationalising everything , free third level education , etc ? 
  in name more than anything else . 
  one of them was previously a registered independent while the other had flipped back and forth between democrat , republican , and independent too many times to count . 
  link to blog ( even if not specific article ) ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  [ single transferable vote ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8xozjkozfi ) is both proportional ( well , mostly , at least a lot more than first past the post ) , and also has everyone being elected locally on their own name . 
  it 's what we use in ireland . 
  thoughts ? 
  is that a greek phi , \u03c6 , being used as the symbol for france insoumise , and if so , does anybody know why ? 
  the subreddit / r/neoliberal has been popping up on the front page more and more often lately . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/6ekb17/no_true_american_patriot_would_ever_downvote_a/ ) was around 2 ^ nd place or so earlier . 
  in fact , they 're even on the front page right now . 
  it 's worth noting that in this case , it was an ongoing habit of liking that ultimately did the guy in .
