many yes-voters probably too . 
  guilt-tripping people is a terrible tactic , and it shows that if people do that they either do n't want to use actual arguments or they just do n't know any . 
  but please do n't put words into my mouth next time . 
  because that is n't at all what i said . 
  it * is * misleading . 
  you know why ? 
  many people think exactly that this ukraine will become a member of the eu , but a big part of the process of making them a candidate is getting rid of that corruption . 
  people will think that ukraine will become a member * soon * . 
  but it 's a really fucking long process , especially for a country like ukraine . 
  not mentioning that when ukraine becomes a member is , in my opinion , a lie by omission . 
  wether that would change the opinion of the voter does n't matter . 
  it matters that the voter is informed about important details like this . 
  and a war with russia ? 
  really ? 
  you think russia will go to war with us over * this * ? 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
  a war against a western country is a war against the us , and we both know who 'd win that . 
  and you think russia would risk that for something like this ? 
  sorry , but i doubt that . 
  come on , you ca n't give out false information and expect the voters to look into it and find out it 's false . 
  if the voter is n't educated on the subject , you can do two things : you do n't hold a fucking referendum about it or you educate them . 
  i 'm for the second . 
  ah well , it was n't a binding referendum . 
  they have to make real changes now , and they probably will . 
  but if you give the people such an important decision to make , you should be clear about what it actually means and not give false information . 
  ` yes means war with putin ' , ` yes means ukraine becomes a eu-member ( sure , in like , 20 years , so this is terribly misleading ) ' , ` yes means all ukrainians will come here and take our jobs ' . 
  just a couple of examples from arguments i 've heard from actual politicians . 
  the yes-camp sure as shit was n't great either , but many of the so-called ` facts ' people based their ` no ' on are misleading or simply by true . 
  nothing to do with opinion , it 's got to do with giving people proper information . 
  there are actual good arguments for a ` no ' , which makes the campaigning even worse . 
  now it might not even have mattered . 
  it might have been a landslide for yes otherwise , a toss-up or just the same result . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  people voted based on false arguments , and that 's not what democracy should be like . 
  democracy only works if you give proper information . 
  i feel like if it was explained better the ` no ' - camp would be a lot smaller . 
  why does it say ` hijacked ' ? 
  as if you do n't really believe it 's actually hijacked ? 
  yup . 
  if something 's more rare , it 's a far more compelling thing to report about . 
  just imagine there 's a muslim who makes a bomb to kill american citizens . 
  but luckily he fails , and the police catch him . 
  is he a terrorist ? 
  absolutely . 
  will the media call him a terrorist ? 
  absolutely . 
  will he be convicted harshly , as should happen to terrorists ? 
  absolutely . 
  now imagine he 's a white guy . 
  what do you think , will the same happen to him ? 
  [ it did n't ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/trump-supporter-bomb-maker-sentenced-90-days-threats-kill-muslims-a6953896.html ) . 
  and it does n't help that when you 're fighting the ` war on drugs ' , you supply your enemies with the weapons . 
  the harder you make it for these guys to get guns , the less guns they get . 
  and yes , some people will die because they ca n't defend themselves . 
  but far more people will not die because there is n't a gun for the bad guys to shoot them with in the first place . 
  you need to look at the bigger picture here , instead of case by case . 
  the world is actually a safer place than it ever was . 
  two things here : you 're comparing terrorist attacks . 
  there are far more things which make a country unsafe . 
  for example : gun violence . 
  and we both know where it 's worse when you take that into account . 
  and then there 's the term ` terrorist ' . 
  when are you a terrorist ? 
  when the media calls you that ? 
  because i 've seen enough cases of violence in the us committed by white people that 'd be considered terrorist if it was committed by a muslims . 
  so if you take into account the planned parenthood shooting in colorado springs , and similar events , what would the stats be like then ? 
  the problem is that ` terrorism ' is a pretty ambiguous term , so if you wan na talk about safety it 's best to look at homicide rates , something we know the meaning of for sure . 
  exactly !, 
  it feels like dutch for me . 
  but i do n't understand a word of what they 're saying . 
  german is related to us , but i do n't like that language at all . 
  i always thought danish sounded similar . 
  and those silly , silly belgians . 
  flemish is a dialect , but it 's hardly a language . 
  i 'm really into arctic monkeys and imagine dragons . 
  the airborne toxic event is a cool band as well . 
  those are mainly my favorite bands , but i suppose it all depends on your taste . 
  are you talking about music ? 
  because if you ca n't find 21st century music you love , you are n't trying hard enough . 
  you may not like the most popular stuff , but that 's okay . 
  and ofcourse , if you prefer older music , that 's okay . 
  but there 's something out there for everyone . 
  good thing they mentioned it was russia 's putin . 
  would 've almost confused him with all the other world leaders named putin . 
  i imagine those robbers are regular criminals in france who are a bit overwhelmed by all this isis-crap and just want to stay relevant . 
  seriously , though , does anyone know how many hostages there are ? 
  everyone also seems to forget that letting them in has benefits . 
  for instance , the population is ageing . 
  the group of old people is rising , while the average european does n't have enough children to catch up to that . 
  an increasingly larger group of old people will have to be supported by an increasingly lower number of young people . 
  long story short , there 'll be a lot more old people in the near future , and we 're gon na have to pay for that . 
  we could use some help . 
  edit : once again proving that this sub does n't tolerate pro-refugee comments . 
  the hivemind disagrees . 
  ofcourse nobody here is spreading it as a fact . 
  we 're discussing if people who did were in the right to do so . 
  i 'm not even saying you did so , i am referring to people i 've seen do this . 
  the original comment said there 's nothing wrong with assuming , i disagreed . 
  and the comparison with the germans is n't appropriate in my opinion , because back then we were all involved in the biggest war in human history . 
  the germans were already occupying france and poland .
