that 's not something to brag about . 
  make serbia stronk again !, 
  120/month ? 
  damn . 
  if they find out romania pays 135 we 'll be getting snackbar 'd as well . 
  let 's hope you do n't have an accident . 
  hear that poland ? 
  sweden called you dumb and small . 
  i think they want to fight . 
  maybe in 30 years you 'll see her . 
  this is a contest for d list singers and has-beens . 
  my theory is that even though nobody will officially admit it , no country wants to win the contest . 
  the winner has to host the next contest and it 's a huge money drain because nobody gives a shit about it so every country sends their weirdest and shittiest singers in order to lose . 
  except sweden and maybe a couple others . 
  since a few years ago they show fewer ads than other channels but they still show them . 
  at least nobody will embarrass us in the musical freakshow 2016 . 
  just load up the tomatoes in a plane and fly it over ukraine . 
  they 'll end up in russia . 
   are the ones you identified on the way to becoming ice warriors ? 
  are they becoming vikings ? 
  good job , sweden . 
  you integrated them . 
  it 's coincidence . 
  you wrote 5 words . 
  why do you expect the reply to be any longer ? 
  got ta wait until he tweets these opinions . 
  it 's the only language they understand . 
  because a gypsy woman especially should n't do that . 
  she 's in high school , which means she should be already married and have kids . 
  i bet her family is angry that they ca n't arrange a marriage for her because of this behaviour . 
  if she acts like that until she graduates she 'll be too old to marry . 
  because it 's this exact same thinking that caused this situation . 
  i 'm sure all that teacher wanted was to not seem racist and to not add fuel to the anti-immigrant fire . 
  that 's why she did n't intervene and tried to sweep it under the rug . 
  the immigrants were given a free pass and all that does is show them that there are no consequences for behaving like this , which makes the problem worse . 
  the only way this problem is gon na end is if we keep talking about it and shine a spotlight on it , even if it makes us uncomfortable . 
  i was hoping they were brazilian so that the discussion would turn towards the dangers of the zika virus . 
  would you feel more comfortable criticizing white people instead of immigrants for a gang rape ? 
  you were hoping white people did it ? 
  that 's exactly how it works . 
  most of them would have stayed in africa and the middle east if they had n't been invited . 
  and they are afraid of what exactly ? 
  the isis in turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , hungary , croatia and slovenia ? 
  when a couple of them accidentally came here they started crying and begged to be sent back because they were so afraid of the romanian isis . 
  i also want a fair distribution of refugees between all the countries that invited them . 
  it would n't be fair otherwise . 
  are you sure you should be eating that ? 
  it 's haram . 
  i 'm pretty sure the number includes potatoes used to make vodka , that 's why russia , ukraine and belarus are so high up . 
  1 guy was enough to take montserrat from 1st place to # 196 . 
  i did a bit of research and apparently an immigrant killed a woman in 2008 . 
  this was the first murder they had since 2002 . 
  surprisingly not that many . 
  hess lived to 93 and only a few thousand jews had died before he was captured . 
  for 90 i 'm sure a couple thousand would be enough . 
  if you 're in your 20s , that 's just 1 every 2 weeks or so . 
  perfectly doable . 
  good luck . 
  they should be allowed to commit suicide if they want to . 
  you 're not a free man if you 're not in control of your own life and death . 
  what gives you the right to stop them ? 
  [ how about this ? 
  ] ( https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/disp/764d4911453679.560fa66557dbf.jpg ), 
  idk , america is about to become great again . 
  can you say the same about sweden ? 
  i know germany does n't have the votes but they have a lot of political influence . 
  it 's basically them , france and uk running the show . 
  with problems such as this they can easily guilt the other members into voting in germany 's favour . 
  they almost succeeded a few months ago . 
  then merkel does n't need to ask the other countries to take immigrants . 
  she can just force them to do it . 
  why ca n't the rest of bucharest look like this ? 
  most of these have chimneys so i guess they 're fine in the winter . 
  we have a few others . 
  [ manix ] ( http://portal.just.ro/63/sitepages/rezultate_dosare.aspx?k=manix ) is very popular here . 
  588 mentions in courthouse records . 
  [ this is the tv series , for reference . 
  ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061277/ ) [ zorro ] ( http://portal.just.ro/63/sitepages/rezultate_dosare.aspx?k=zorro ) with 191 entries . 
  [ sentiment brusli ] ( http://portal.just.ro/sitepages/cautare.aspx?k=brusli ) . 
  he 'll karate chop his way into your heart . 
  edit : [ vandam ] ( http://portal.just.ro/63/sitepages/rezultate_dosare.aspx?k=vandam ), 
  they 're also the kind of muslims that eat pork . 
  [ this could work ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hpxawms.png ), 
  that 's just what europe does . 
  remember when we were being criticized for not doing enough to help gypsies and integrate them into society ? 
  well , they 're european gypsies now and we 're still waiting for them to show us how it 's done . 
  everyone does what 's best for themselves . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i agree that unchecked immigration from eastern europe is bad for the west but if you wan na take in tens of thousands of gypsies who beg and steal so they can build mansions back home , i sure as hell wo n't stop you . 
  it also does n't mean that we need to make the same mistakes as you . 
  [ hungary has one as well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8quv-4shek ), 
  quit it with this `` fighting back creates more terrorists '' crap . 
  these people will use any excuse they can to blow themselves up because they 're messed up in the head . 
  they killed hundreds of french people and how many of the victims ' family members went to syria to blow themselves up over it or how many went on killing sprees as a result ? 
  none . 
  but if you blow up a terrorist base and your third cousin , abdullah , who was walking nearby got hit by shrapnel all of a sudden he must be avenged and death to the west . 
  are n't you guys getting terrorist threats as well even though you welcomed every immigrant with cheeks wide open ? 
  it does n't matter what you do , to these people any minor misstep will reinforce their beliefs that the west is evil . 
  when you love someone , even their farts are cute but when you hate someone even the way they smile annoys you . 
  it 's like that . 
  you only did it because your cops are too fat .
