  it 's in the interest of liberal governments to bring them here . 
  wales is leaving so it evens out . 
  we have a country that hates the eu less than 300km from brussels . 
  i support movi ... wait ... that flag ... we have an infiltrator here . 
  do n't listen to him . 
  it 's a trap . 
  who said we 're trying to find them ? 
   a candidate like trump ( and to a lesser extent , clinton ) would not have been possible 15 years ago . 
  both newspapers and news shows would have destroyed their credibility and legitimacy long before we had reached this stage . 
  the media would n't have touched clinton . 
  they barely even touch her now . 
  all her scandals would have gone unreported and everyone would say `` look how amazing she is and how great the news reporting is '' . 
  solid tips there but he did n't properly explain the position of the feet . 
  he said to keep your heels on the ground for more stability but what he did n't say is that the adidas logo on the sneakers has to line up with the 3 lines on the pants . 
  that 's proper form . 
  [ improper form ] ( https://coubsecure-s.akamaihd.net/get/b40/p/coub/simple/cw_timeline_pic/3a581c4c7b5/b4f01802319590f6641d0/med_1466284319_image.jpg ) - he needs to lean forward more [ proper form ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jafpqi9.jpg ) - lines up perfectly that guy in the video is a fake slav . 
  anyone want to buy some nukes ? 
  i give you good price . 
  pls am refugee, 
  / r/theydidthemath request : how big of a bomb would you need to break all those windows ? 
  is this a joke about french engineering ? 
  did germany just make a joke ? 
  i did n't say it 's 100 % accurate . 
  one of them obviously did n't speak perfect swiss german so they sent him back to albania to practice his noun declinations . 
  the stock market runs on assumptions based on the trend . 
  that 's what brokers do , they look at trends and make assumptions about them . 
  like it or not , it 's an accurate way of judging things . 
  high five !, 
  you 're right , they have absolutely nothing to fear . 
  you 've been good allies to them lately . 
  if they do the poll again the top answers will be `` swedish '' and `` arabic '' . 
  they think you wo n't dare to invade them a third time . 
  can german homeless people apply for asylum and get free money and shelter until they inevitably get rejected ? 
   it is unknown why he stayed in the asylum center for over a week , accepted pocket money what could possibly make him do that ? 
  we need our top investigators on this asap . 
  mattering, 
  they 're common now and people need to get used to them . 
   romania  safety equipment for cars  reflective emergency triangle it 's `` triangles '' . 
  you need 2 of them . 
   [ seatbelt ] exemptions for :  pregnant woman it 's * visibly * pregnant women . 
  you also do n't have to wear one when reversing . 
  i know , right ? 
  absolutely haram . 
  that makes sense . 
  i just looked at a map . 
  it being a separate region would explain why i was able to find crime statistics for brussels alone . 
  maybe they could take back flanders . 
  molenbeek should be able to fix this problem . 
  brussels alone will double the dutch homicide rate . 
  oh right . 
  i hear every few months that someone left bacon in front of a mosque or something . 
  still have n't heard of anyone being killed . 
  those poor muslims , no wonder they 're resorting to terrorism . 
  when something is confirmed , the percentage of accurate predictions goes up . 
  maybe you do n't understand how percentages work . 
  they 're dangerous ? 
  how many muslims did these assumptions kill ? 
  when the details come out , remember the new number 96 % . 
  we 've been like 95 % accurate with these assumptions so far . 
  keep making them just keep in mind the number 95 % . 
  it 's great . 
  in bucharest you can eat the traditional romanian food called kurtos kalacs . 
  go for it . 
  send back all the gypsies , they 're our responsibility . 
  we 've never had nearly as many problems with them because we keep them under control better than you . 
  we have stricter laws against petty crimes that 's why we 're one of the safest countries in europe , even with them here . 
  all i ask is that the eu stops whining about how we do n't do enough to integrate them . 
  first they came for the illegal immigrants and i did n't speak up because i was n't an illegal immigrant then they came for the muslims and i did n't speak up because i was n't a muslim then all their problems were solved so they stopped coming for people, 
  was it a radical fashion designer ? 
  source : it 's good because everyone says it 's good, 
  hungary , your wall is leaking . 
  please fix . 
  it 's just german and some german dialect . 
  [ our old flag was a howling wolf ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/mmadfpgwqq4/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
  nothing . 
  this is n't a topic of discussion here . 
  they 're eu citizens now . 
  you criticized us for not being able to integrate them into our society . 
  when you say we 're not doing enough for them , they expect they 'll be treated better in your country . 
  please show us how you integrate them . 
  we 've been waiting for almost 10 years for an example . 
  booooo !, 
  the ones in the south are . 
  good thing sweden allowed all those battle-hardened isis soldiers to return . 
  see how it all works out in the end ? 
  let me guess . 
  radical bicyclists ? 
  or a dumb terrorist . 
  \\ #forthewatch, 
  that 's pretty wasteful . 
  they should just send their super tall people to us or to serbia or portugal . 
  they 're desperate . 
  the country have ever government longer than invaded when 2003 iraq . 
  that 's why it 's useless . 
  maybe spanish people did n't grow up watching power rangers on canale 5 . 
   \u0151 you mean \u00c3 \u00b6, 
  you spent all your money fixing your buildings and now you ca n't afford cars anymore ? 
  de-clenching ? 
  did you copy that word from english ? 
  the danish language was created by drunken parents trying to teach their children how to speak .
