  the top 5 countries are the ones that took in the most gypsies . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's why we like them . 
  i guess they did n't get over losing most of their territory and having to live in a sliver of their former country . 
  normally something like this takes about 220 years to accept and move on . 
  am i right ? 
  good . 
  they need to be aware of what being overweight entails and what changes they need to make to their diets to stay healthy and lose weight if needed . 
  it 's better than the alternative , where [ in the us and uk parents ca n't identify what a child of normal weight looks like . 
  ] ( http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2015/03/parents-are-still-bad-at-gauging-kids-weight.html ) if people genuinely think that being overweight is normal then you have a huge problem . 
  hey , burkina faso , remember all that foreign aid we gave you this year ? 
  do you want to keep receiving it next year ? 
  this would make a great mod . 
  if you slow down too much in calais , they start damaging your truck and cargo and occasionally close your mirrors . 
  you have to go through at speed while being careful not to hit any of them . 
  who is forcing you to use dhl ? 
  you can easily find a courier that will send it for < 50 euros . 
  just have a fighting tournament and whichever klitschko brother wins , becomes president . 
  north korea ? 
  exactly . 
  i 'm not gon na tolerate intolerance towards the intolerant because , as you can see from this statement , i 'm intolerant . 
  i was joking . 
  here they only use horses for some reason . 
  i 've never seen a mule . 
  i agree , they treat animals horribly . 
  you must not give them very much . 
  here they can afford horse-drawn carts . 
  no , they 're eu citizens free to live wherever they want . 
  france did the same thing with gypsies . 
  they left and went back a few months later . 
  the blitzkrieg league ? 
  [ reminds me of this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4u5te5vv44 ), 
  this guy failed to go to syria twice with a passport . 
  how easy do you think it 's gon na be for him to come back without one ? 
  i 'm not saying it ca n't be done , i 'm saying this guy seems like an idiot . 
  your argument is weak as well . 
  how do you judge if someone is determined enough ? 
  let me guess , the ones who make it through are determined enough and the ones who do n't are n't ? 
  there 's no other way you can argue that authorities have stopped exactly 0 people who really wanted to enter . 
  chicken eggs contain albumin . 
  it 's a very thoughtful gesture but i urge everyone to continue donating . 
  that only comes out to about 3 liters per victim . 
  one person can drink that much in less than 2 days , if they 're regenerating . 
  we need enough to last until november 26th . 
  yes . 
  the workers are pocketing it . 
  this has happened to many friends . 
  you get offered either a $ 250 salary on paper or $ 150 on paper and another $ 150 in hand . 
  if you plan to get a car/house loan from the bank , you take the 250 . 
  if not , you take the 300 . 
  laugh while you still can, 
  in other news , france has surrendered its sovereignty and agreed to pay all of greece 's debts . 
  yes , to the west . 
  definitely not the east . 
  the west is what you two should focus on . 
  pence is his life insurance policy . 
  let 's see who 's dumb enough to assassinate trump and make pence president . 
  well it is slow . 
  wifi goes up to 450mbps theoretical speed but you wo n't get that much in real conditions . 
  either way it will be the bottleneck on a gbps connection . 
   i 'd rather be bottlenecked by my ssd - which is pretty damn fast anyway and hell , if you do n't have an ssd now it 's your own fault - than by the internet connection . 
  i have one and i 'm not gon na wear it out with torrents just so i can get a movie in 30 seconds instead of 40 . 
  most hdds do 100mb/s sequential . 
  torrents do random writes and you 'll be lucky to get 30mb/s . 
  wifi is pretty slow . 
  not much you can do with that speed . 
  if you 're torrenting something , the download will be done before you can connect to enough seeders to get to full speed . 
  and if you do get a decent speed , you 'll be bottlenecked by the hard drive . 
  you can download steam games i guess because those do sequential writes and fast servers . 
  a 40gb game would theoretically download in under 6 minutes but that 's overkill and how often do you really download a game that size ? 
  i think waiting 20 minutes at 300mbps is more than reasonable . 
  i 'd rather not hear a bunch of failed actors making minimum wage dub the movie but that 's just me . 
  better ? 
  rou = roumanie fyrom = former yugoslav republic of macedonia ch = confederacion helvetica hr = hrvatska, 
  yeah , the highest paid musicians are the mainstream ones because more people listen to them . 
  what did you expect ? 
  if hipsters would pay $ 10000/ticket at their tiny music festivals maybe your favourite dj would be on the list as well . 
  drop them off with an application form and a pen . 
  it 's not illegal as long as you do n't tell anyone . 
   so where do we deport the nazi sympathizers and holocaust deniers ? 
  nazi sympathizers are n't 20 % of the population and are n't killing people in the streets . 
  the last time they were 20 % , the us and ussr had to bomb these ideas out of their heads and divide the country . 
  drastic problems call for drastic measures . 
   the country the originated from will likely not want them of course they do n't want them so why do you ? 
  i 'm sure you 'll figure out a solution . 
  if you can boss around the eu to accept immigrants , you can also boss around some third world countries to take them back . 
  let me remind you , that 's already illegal where you live . 
  you ca n't be a nazi sympathizer or a holocaust denier , for example . 
  being an is sympathizer should be on that list as well . 
  deport them, 
  oh , you built it next to oltenia . 
  do n't worry , there 's nothing important there for hundreds of kilometers . 
  beat that , bulgaria . 
  we 'll see about that when germany starts another world war over which sect of islam is the best . 
  i 'm talking about culture being replaced . 
  evolution only happens when the new cultural values are superior to the old ones , which is n't the case now . 
  culture is more than books and buildings . 
  it includes people 's way of life , their values , outlook on life , work ethic , etc. 
  those are behind the grey apartment buildings . 
  the buildings are taller next to the road so you do n't see the hunger , so you do n't see the boys who fool the fools . 
  they need to import more left-wing voters .
