does n't matter what nsdsap depicted on their posters . 
  it should never be taboo to want to conserve your heritage . 
  is it supposed to be bad ? 
  all i see is a traditional german family in their cultural attire . 
  the husband most likely a hunter . 
  what 's a moslem ? 
  it 's semantics . 
  the guy probably does n't know the difference between laicite and secular . 
  who is dudaev ? 
  it 's an allegory . 
  he is representing himself as a pussy cat and he 's mad that people think he 's a pussy cat . 
  he 's representing himself as an authoritarian and does n't like it when people call him an authoritarian . 
  subtle , i like it . 
  nothing weird here , it makes a lot of sense . 
  people like akif know best about who leftist loonies want to bring into europe . 
  the most prominent anti mass immigration figure in germany is also an immigrant ( turkish ) . 
  still , no european is going to go to turkey to bomb anything . 
  but the other way around ? 
  angry turkish tourist refutes the world-wide used visa system in one post !, 
  important reality check over here . 
  did you ever stop and think maybe this kind of thinking is the exact reason you 're despised ? 
  please never move to europe . 
  do n't come , you are not welcome here . 
  there 's nothing wrong with wanting to remain the majority in your own country and your own city . 
  yes , i have a problem with the fact that the average kurdish women give birth to 5 children . 
  i do n't like overpopulation in general . 
  go on , call me a fascist . 
  your logic is no different than `` so what if i had sex with a 11 years old girl ? 
  she said she wanted to ! '', 
  it 's funny because erdo\u011fan 's parents are georgian immigrants . 
  they are , but european and caucaus people who moved to turkey converted to islam due to various reasons . 
  by force , discrimination , to avoid religious tax , etc. 
  turkish it not an ethnic identity . 
  it 's a national identity . 
  he 's turkish from georgian ancestry . 
  if we put it your way , no one in turkey is turkish . 
  fun fact : it 's widely rumored that hitler was inspired by the armenian genocide . 
  how is erdo\u011fan relevant ? 
  half of these papers are anti-erdo\u011fan . 
  greece , greece , greece . 
  not only it 's the cheapest , it 's also the most tradition oriented country from among those you 've listed . 
  go to the islands , have the best time of your life . 
  i 'm not pro-akp but what he said was taken out of context . 
  nice source . 
  that 's persian . 
  kurds are great people . 
  their mindset is european . 
  they are the most educated people in turkey . 
  there 's pkk as well but they 're proud modern freedom fighters , europe does n't have a reason to fear them . 
  why do n't you let them in ? 
  they also have female fighters , get your waifu asap . 
  people usually assume greece is more expensive than turkey because they 're in the eurozone and our currency is lira . 
  you 're welcome . 
   it 's only fair for me to recommend greece over turkey . 
  our tourism industry is a big scam . 
  try greece . 
  been there many times myself . 
  it 's like turkey without all the downsides . 
  also believe it or not , greece is much cheaper than turkey . 
  try rhodes or a small town in their adriatic coast . 
  how do they feel about reunification with the north ? 
  a lot of them are unfunctionable , they 're really old . 
  and they 'd rather keep them as museums . 
  besides , they 're syriac orthodox . 
  we do n't have any syriac orthodox churches . 
  i think you 're confused . 
  we can give germany the credit on this one . 
  after all , the company has no connections to turkey except for the owners ' genetic background . 
  they were born there and raised in ghettos among moroccans and other arabs . 
  they have not been influenced by turkish culture , except by their parents who 've also been there since 70 's . 
  they are more ghetto than turkish . 
  `` germans are nothing '' great , when are you coming back to our beloved wasteland ? 
  oh right , you do n't get to leech on german accomplishments and welfare here . 
  border control has nothing to do with any of this . 
  you 're implying that joining the visa free zone means stopping border controls . 
  no matter how many foreign terrorists there might be in turkey , they ca n't enter eu from here because they do n't have turkish citizenship . 
  they 're visa free for 90 days , exactly what the eu is planning to implement . 
  they do n't even want an electronic visa . 
  you just grab your passport and go . 
  we have visa-free travel with several european countries and asian countries like japan and south korea . 
  i 've never heard of turks going there and staying illegally . 
  it 's impossible to be unemployed in turkey . 
  why would any turk illegally stay in europe ? 
  for work ? 
  they get enough money in turkey . 
  turkey is n't like mexico . 
  the worst and best case , you 'll get our kurds but it 's okay , they are secular and europe 's greatest allies . 
  no , it happens 10 times more in turkey . 
  i ca n't pull out statistics to prove it to you but i spend a lot of time with the international community here in turkey . 
  about every female has a complaint about serious sexual harassment . 
  it 's not just foreigners . 
  it 's turkish women as well . 
  women often say how they never experience such amounts of harassment in europe and that it 's too extreme and frequent in turkey . 
  no , it 's actually unique to turkey . 
  unless you count bangladesh , egypt , etc. 
  it happens globally but it happens 10 times more in turkey . 
  they have n't been a threat as of now . 
  if you say `` but how do you know they wo n't in the future ? 
  '' , you 're projecting . 
  you 're running out of arguements .
