  2 rolls and square sausage washed down with a can of irn bru, 
  who gives a fuck what nigel farage or ukip think anyone . 
  time for the bbc to stop giving them a platform , they got an absolute horsing last night, 
  do n't forget anti evolution, 
  snp , green party of england and wales or the scottish greens , lib dems, 
  clype is a scottish word , basically means a snitch grass = see clype nic = nicola sturgeon nats = scottish national party kez = kezia dugdale, 
  alright now i 'm confused , what words are it people are struggling to understand here ? 
  it all looks perfectly cromulent to me, 
  easier said than done in all fairness . 
  did anyone tell them a minutes silent was planned ? 
  no , it would force parties to work together . 
  and ? 
  besides i 'd think the tories know they 'd be fucked without it, 
  if you vote tory you deserve everything you get . 
  northern ireland just lumped in as one region ? 
  i love a bit of history, 
  fptp is a disgrace of a system in this day and age , it will never change sadly, 
  sorry to be the dick to point this out , but it was n't the british navy . 
  it was the english navy , the u.k. 
  is n't that old, 
  the scottish sun is backing the snp today, 
  no problem , just do n't cry on my shoulder too much please, 
  i think it 's for the pensioners coming back from spain , just so they know exactly who it is that 's fucked them over, 
  you need a wee cuddle ? 
  ooft , someone is a bit sensitive . 
  i 'm guessing it 's out of embarrassment, 
  i honestly believe a lot of people vote based on soundbites, 
  people die because of tory policies it 's not really a difficult decision edit : not sure why the down votes , since it 's true . 
  http://www.ox.ac.uk/news/2017-02-20-30000-excess-deaths-2015-linked-cuts-health-and-social-care# [ especially if you 're disabled ] ( https://youtu.be/jbgcyipyaco ), 
  it was so bad it was almost laughable . 
  the west of scotland university even done a study on it , which was very damning . 
  https://www.opendemocracy.net/ourkingdom/john-robertson/bbc-bias-and-scots-referendum-new-report they are unbelievably biased , a total government mouthpiece . 
  they also seem to get a hardon over ukip , they pretty much single handily promote a party that has only had 1 ( albeit briefly ) mp, 
  they not having reunification talks as we speak ? 
  do n't be a dick, 
  been to prague twice . 
  great beer , great city . 
  teplice once , do n't remember much as it was only for a day to watch a football game . 
  i 'm assuming the lack of memory also means the beer was great, 
  that reece 's chocolate gives me the boak . 
  no idea how anyone can stomach the stuff, 
  ditto scotland , majority of our population are within the central belt, 
   i know you scots like to pretend otherwise no bother, 
  do i , aye ? 
  well that 's nonsense . 
  yeah . 
  yer da sells avon, 
  you do realise you 're delusional , right ? 
  sorry , are you suggesting this is what spanish people do who move to the uk ? 
  cause you know if you are , you 're clearly talking shite besides , something wrong with you if you 're unhappy that tax money is being used to help feed children . 
  would they better off just dying ? 
  this guy gets it, 
  i do n't even know what `` british culture '' is , considering the uk is made up of many different cultures from the 4 nations . 
  that 's different apparently . 
  remember they are expats not immigrants, 
  what part of them being eu citizens it was unnecessary are you struggling to understand ? 
  are you just arguing for the sake of arguing . 
  sure seems like it, 
  no , it really was n't ridiculous . 
  these people came here and made scotland its home , they had a right to decide its future . 
  as eu citizen should have during the european referendum . 
  with our french msp being denied a vote as a prime example norway . . spain . . catalan . . america ... no idea why you keep mentioning other countries , i could n't care less how they might hypothetical do things . 
  that is n't the issue, 
  we are not in norway . 
  we are not talking about a general election either scotland also allowed its eu citizens to vote on its independence referendum, 
  but as you know within the eu it 's freedom of movement . 
  absolutely no need for it . 
  i personally always found it disgraceful that eu citizens living in the uk had been denied the right to vote . 
  we had a member of the scottish parliament denied a vote because he was french , despite the fact he 'd been living here for 20 + years, 
  yeah , it was just a coincidence labour have been getting hammered at every election since 2014 . 
  labour did n't lose glasgow for the first time in 80 years because of tory gains either . 
  not an agenda , just a fact . 
  as soon as labour shared a platform with the tories and campaigned with them against independence they pretty much signed its own death warrant . 
  but aye , feel free to enlighten me as to the labour collapse in scotland if it had nothing to do with the independence referendum ? 
  if you do n't understand it , i would n't go around saying the people who do and lived through it as retarded in short it was the manner of how they went about campaigning with the tories that pretty much politically killed them up here edit : i 'll also point out that labour are helping detoxify the tories up here , just look at the farce with aberdeen council a few days ago . 
  thankfully they are not even nearly as close to being popular as the media seems to think . 
  the snp will walk the election up here again, 
  leave the uk ? 
  did it before , i 'll do it again, 
  ukip have never been a major force in uk politics . 
  they managed to get 1 mp elected in the last 20 years . 
  even the golden boy of the party farage failed time and time again to get elected . 
  if we used an av or stv voting system you 'd have a point but we do n't it 's a fptp system, 
  * except in scotland they 've been almost wiped out thanks to them campaigning with the tories against scottish independence, 
  why are ukip on the map ? 
  absolute diddy party, 
  if you vote tory , you deserve everything you get, 
  if you do n't want it , feel free to pass it our way, 
  or at least visit it, 
  if only we had some sort of recent vote asking people if they wanted to remain within the eu and we could see the results, 
  a lot of tories recently have been getting outed as racist bigots to the shock of nobody, 
  that kilt is looking a bit short, 
  so do n't watch it then ... 
  you make it so as if people do n't have the option to watch another channel or switch off the tv, 
  never been to oslo , but i 've been to the czech republic , great country not only was the beer cheap but it was mostly importantly nice . 
  the czechs know how to brew a good beer, 
  what happened to wales ? 
  france and scotland have had an alliance together since around 1295 . 
  making it the oldest known in the world up until 1903 scots could claim french citizenship and vice versa as a result of the alliance . 
  also charles de gaulle delivered a speech in edinburgh 1942 and i quote ... `` in every combat where for five centuries the destiny of france was at stake , there were always men of scotland to fight side by side with men of france , and what frenchmen feel is that no people has ever been more generous than yours with its friendship . '',
