nice , thanks for sharing, 
  hello , it 's 2017, 
  yeah , it was n't exactly gibraltar who wanted nor asked to be put in this position . 
  something the little englanders and the right wing press have either forgotten or simply do n't care about, 
  shut it you , nobody is interest in what jockistan thinks, 
  you ca n't call a government who have been in power for 10 years a protest vote, 
  every other party is tainted by being shite . 
  not all snp voters support independence, 
  point being ? 
  it 's hilarious seeing people get so angry over these things . 
  the difference in attitude is remarkable . 
  the spanish just smiled about it http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/1827554.stm, 
  what a different , the front page of the scottish sun has no mention of this . 
  not even a free poster, 
  she is popular ... for a tory but the numbers are not anything shout home about , especially when you look at the numbers the tories used to poll . 
  keeping in mind , she is n't exactly standing on tory policies either , she ran her campaign on an anti independence platform and a `` strong opposition '' not promoting tory values or polices . 
  we still have the tracks , when we got rid of them instead of digging them up we decided just to tar right over them, 
  not very good in all honesty , she got elected on an anti independence platform , and that 's all she has got . 
  she is n't even all that popular when you look at the numbers , had to leave glasgow as she could n't get elected in the city labour have imploded in scotland allowing them to be overtaken as the largest opposition party here, 
  ah right , so if you 're poor you do n't deserve representation . 
  right you are [ gaelic potentially worth # 148.5 m a year to the economy ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-highlands-islands-30004483 ), 
  you 're welsh in bristol is just a nonsense argument for obvious reasons the few speakers are still tax paying citizens , they deserve recognition and they are getting it . 
  so apart from a few bilingual road signs is considering being shoved down your throat now ? 
  behave ah , sorry i did n't realise a few people with some criticism is the gaelic community now . 
  you 're argument is embarrassing at best here . 
  the hate towards gaelic is hilarious , people like yourself angry at seeing a few road signs, 
  it does n't cost anymore to replace . 
  part of the contract bristol is n't in wales ... no idea what your point is on that one we have gaelic speaking schools in glasgow do n't see the issue on the scottish government and the bbc who are taxpayer funded and represents us all including gaelic speakers spending what is relative peanuts on the promotion of a language that is part of the culture from a section of us society , especially as it 's been shown to bring more in via the tourist trade than is spent on it . 
  in what way is it being stuffed down your throat exactly ? 
  seeing a few bilingual signs ? 
  apart from bbc alba , which you do n't have to watch , i ca n't see how exactly it 's being stuffed down your throat can you please give me some examples from a personal perspective ? 
  i 've yet to hear the gaelic community make that complaint about people being interviewed in english , i suspect you 've just made that one up . 
  i 'm not being rude , but do you understand what the house of lords is and what it does ? 
  you know it does n't cost any extra to have the bilingual roadsigns ? 
  bbc alba is joint funded also , besides it 's only on for 6 hours a day . 
  not exactly a lot i think the real issue is the ignorance towards it and the hostility it receives despite the speaking being fellow scots who have a right to have it acknowledged, 
  spain are both our european and nato allies you 'd need to be a clown to believe that kind of rhetoric is acceptable to be using . 
  what cost ? 
  the road signs are replaced only when needed it does n't cost anything extra to replace them with bilingual signs , not to mention bbc alba is joint funded . 
  it 's only on air for about 6 hours a day . 
  not exactly asking a lot, 
  of course you ca n't deny there is a large section who seem to think the promotion of gaelic is some sort of snp conspiracy i 'd also argue it 's very helpful to the gaelic speaking citizens its recognised . 
  the uk is taking a very hostile and aggressive attitude towards spain . 
  again , they just refused to condemn lord howard, 
  he 's not a retired politician he sits in the house of lords, 
  the uk government have just refused to condemn lord howard comments i had no idea taking back control meant starting a war with our allies, 
  i wish i knew , it 's a strange one . 
  it 's irrational , i personally like it, 
  an mp was murdered , its amazing he will use this type of language ... but then again he is a cunt of a man, 
  you would n't believe how angry some people here get because we have bilingual road signs and a gaelic bbc channel, 
  that bitter ? 
  not sure you 'd be as welcome in england , you 'd just be another irishman to them, 
  wait until you 're passport says eire, 
  it 's ridiculously it 's even being considered , total waste of money that could be better used elsewhere . 
  if you 're under 40 , the chances are you 've never had a blue passport the people want the blue passport the most are probably the ones who are least likely to use it . 
  is the uk really going to go to war with another nato member ? 
  course not , they 're idiots but they are not that daft, 
  this spanish veto is probably the biggest myth in europe next to the bendy bananas sturgeon wants independence . 
  she has been campaigning for it all her life . 
  hello nigel farage you 're a bawbag, 
  do n't confuse legitimate criticism with hate, 
   this is nothing but a britain hating rant . 
  the author is a former british ambassador, 
  easier to fix then, 
  should n't we have a belgium flag between them ? 
  if you really want to annoy them , turn it into a scotland flag, 
  mine is still here ... 
  yeah yeah . 
  you keeping wishing it is, 
  nhs scotland i would kiss you if i could . 
  if you cared about gibraltar you would n't be forcing them to leave the eu despite overwhelming voting to remain . 
  `` it 's already affecting the english game '' boo fucking hoo i 've got no idea why the epl is considered a great advert for the uk as a whole, 
  used to hear smug unionist tell us during the 2014 independence campaign how spain would veto scotland joining the eu only to find out spain can now veto brexit oh how i 'm laughing, 
  not exactly proof , i just happened to be here when the debates had been going on immigration and turkey joining the eu was the big argument within england for leaving . 
  scotland does n't have an immigration problem , it 's the opposite in fact . 
  we need it unfortunately the uk media and london based politicians are very english centric ( which i can understand to a certain extent ) even that big red bus about giving # 350m a week to the nhs a week instead of the eu was a bit of a red herron since the english and scottish nhs are separate . 
  we never got any real serious debates about the pros and cons of scotland being within the eu on a national scale , the few we did have , immigration was barely mentioned . 
  but as i said before , every single region , rich and poor , rural and industrial etc. . all voted to remain within the eu, 
  if scotland did have a referendum on the eu , the argument would be very different from the one the uk ( see england ) had last year . 
  you ca n't really compare the attitude of a country with that of a region . 
  but if you 'd want to ... every single region in scotland voted to remain in europe . 
  we 're not even standing still , we will be rolling backwards, 
  i still do n't understand what sort of deal the uk government think they can get that is as soon as the one we already have being in the eu, 
  this meltdown from turkey is pretty hilarious now, 
  scotland it 's rains all year round , you never need to worry about that sun giving you cancer . 
  i 'd take a burgundy eu alba passport in a heartbeat over a dark blue uk one, 
  a statement from turkey that is n't calling someone a nazi how times have changed, 
  fucking dark blue passports . 
  i guarantee the ones who want them back are more likely the ones who do n't use them we banned the death penalty long before joining the eu for good reason . 
  the smoking ban in pubs had nothing to do with the eu , it 's great coming out a pub or a club without stinking from other people 's smoke new light bulbs are better and last longer , why the fuck would you want to go back to the old ones ? 
  you have to remember scotland and england have different education systems . 
  i 'm pretty concerned eu students will stop coming to scotland to study as a result of brexit . 
  i actually think it 's a positive thing having eu citizens coming here to live , it 's helped improved the image of my city and its good for society in general, 
  i fucking loath the daily mail, 
  the snp did increase its vote and got re elected again on that mandate that details they have the right to hold another referendum if we are taken out the eu against our will . 
  i hope you do understand government are not elected on opinion polls but at the ballot box take your medicine on this one and accept when you 've made an arse of yourself, 
  and you think scotland is ? 
  point being , you 're hardly in a position to moan about scotland limited number of mps while english mps outnumber the rest of the uk combined . 
  we 've rejected the tories since the 1950 's ... but here we are , they have a majority in parliament despairing only having 1 scottish mp ( with a majority of only around 700 ) putting us through a european referendum we did n't ask nor want and are now being taken out of it despite voting against . 
  you 'll forgive me if i do n't shed a tear for english representation within the uk parliament,
