  we have no deficit , we ca n't . 
  we do n't even have full control over our taxes . 
  scotland has no deficit . 
  it 's literally impossible for it to have since we are not an independent country . 
  it 's the uk who has the deficit i also need to point out , the oil revenues do not go to holyrood , they 've never came directly to scotland , not have we ever kept the revenues here . 
  why does rid myth keep popping up ? 
  you ca n't compare scotland with catalonia , even spain acknowledged this . 
  scotland being one of the founding members of the uk can leave in a perfect legal and constitutional way . 
  tell me about it . 
  oil revenues do n't go to holyrood . 
  again , uk has the deficit not scotland . 
  it 's literally impossible for us to have one as we are not an independent country . 
  trust me `` mate '' i do n't need to do anymore reading , you do understand these sort of arguments have been going on up here since around 2012 . 
  maybe it 's you who needs to do some brushing up on the subject . 
  maybe it 's just me . 
  i hear italian being spoken most days . 
  to be fair , it might have something to do with working next to the italian center in glasgow , still i know our city benefited massively from italian immigration, 
  do n't forget about the mccrone report that was buried for 30 years http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/this-britain/how-black-gold-was-hijacked-north-sea-oil-and-the-betrayal-of-scotland-518697.html * an independent scotland 's budget surpluses as a result of the oil boom , wrote professor mccrone , would be so large as to be `` embarrassing '' . 
  bit of confusion , i apologise . 
  i was meaning about the comment that scotland gets far more from england than we give back . 
  no , no idea where you got that from , i did n't mention the eu, 
  but that 's a nonsense statement . 
  also , it 's the uk who has a deficit not scotland, 
  you 'd be very surprised ... it 's been rather the opposite . 
  i 'm surprised it 's as low as that in scotland, 
  i do like the stv system . 
  only down side is it 's not nearly as exciting as watching an election night . 
  scotland is a different country as is england do n't you understand how the uk works ? 
  do i need to ask again , why we have around half a million people english people living in scotland if it considering anti english ? 
  the entire eu debate in england was based around immigration . 
  it was barely mentioned in scotland . 
  labour is n't run by scots . 
  only recently it was labour who made threats about border guards while the scottish government has consistently said it does not want a hard border between scotland and england, 
  is n't poland sending over some police officers to help reassure the polish people living in england after a few very publicised number of racially motives attacked ? 
  ca n't remember if it happened before or after farage `` breaking point '' poster campaign scotland needs immigration , around 19 % of our population is made up of immigrants . 
  ukip putting out statement such as `` a vote for labour is a vote to be ruled by the scots '' , the tories putting up poster to frighten english people that alex salmond is going to steal your money . . etc. . . 
  even the daily mail ran an article about how the rivers will run blood in england if the scots take over the uk parliament the suggestion that scotland is somehow anti english is a total myth with zero basis . 
  you seriously believe scottish people walk around the supermarket coming out with anti english statement ? 
  behave . 
  again , i point out we have around half a million people from england who live here . 
  do n't believe me , we have a pro scottish independence english group up here . 
  they are probably the best ones to point out the nonsense myth . 
  nonsense . 
  if it 's that bad up here , then explain why almost half a million people from england live and call scotland home ? 
  hate to burst your bubble , but england is n't exactly a topic of every day discussion up here . 
  do n't flatter yourself now . 
  no idea why you think lying is a good idea . 
  i did notice you blanked my statement about the tories and ukip general election campaign . . wonder why, 
  except they do n't . 
  looking forward to seeing you back up that statement , considering both the tory and ukip ran a general election campaign using the anti scots propaganda to frighten people in england about us taking over parliament and running england, 
  scotland needs immigration . 
  we welcome it . 
  unfortunately because of the attitudes down south we also need to suffer, 
  worth nothing the uk government has a 1 size fits all policy for immigration . 
  reality is , that policy does not work . 
  scotland needs immigration , we welcome it . 
  but of course , since england prefer to demonise foreigners the rest of us need to suffer as well . 
  good , i 'm glad to see a politician having the balls to crack down on that disgusting behaviour, 
  yip , as suspected you 'd used that except . 
  you 're ignorance is pretty outstanding if i do say so myself . 
  next you 'll be telling me where else other than hmbn clyde trident submarines can be stored to ensure you are still a nuclear power . 
  let me guess ... you really knew this all along , it 's just been one big act ? 
  ah , the favourite excuse from the back peddler unless to admit he made an arse of himself . 
  how sweet, 
  it really must be annoying you to find out that is true . 
  well yes . 
  england / wales / ni has nowhere to store the trident submarines . 
  no base at hmmb clyde means no nuclear deterrence you might call it grandeur ... 
  i prefer to call it what it is , a fact . 
  an undisputed one . 
  do n't believe me , ask the royal navy . 
  again , information if freely available for all . 
  no need to get upset . 
  knowledge is power after all . 
  one of the reason why we had been begged to stay , all that money , natural resources . . nuclear deterrence , possible permeant seat on the un security council as a result , that england would be missing out on , just examples from the top of my head . 
  ooft it would n't be good for you . 
  ah well , enjoy the rest of your day now , remember to read a book once in a while . 
  never know what you might learn . 
  you still do n't understand ? 
  booo !, 
  can i dumb it down any further ? 
  probably not sadly , shame . 
  i was really trying to help you . 
  ah well , you have my sympathies . 
  it 's was n't as if the potential new name or a new flag had been discussed back in 2014 if scotland decided to withdraw from the union . 
  on wait . 
  it did . 
  have you read the act of union 1707 ? 
  you really should . 
  it 's freely available . 
  why do you think it says on your passport `` the united kingdom of great britain & northern ireland , and not just united kingdom ? 
  go on , have a think about it . 
  plus you know , ni did n't exist prior to partition , it 's a relative new country . 
  i 'm always happy to help . 
  remember to ask about that refund in your education , or at least a discount on it . 
  i mean , imagine not understanding how the uk works when you live in it . 
  just imagine that , cringe . 
  so to recap ... no scotland in the union = no uk no england in the union = no uk wales is n't a kingdom , it 's not even represented on the union flag ... 
  i wonder why ? 
  you can not have a united kingdom without either of these fundamental countries who are the ones that make up the uk .
