  i take it you did n't read the quote from the mandate or are just purposely ignoring it ? 
  getting angry are we ? 
  just accept when you 're talking shite and leave it be . 
  you 'll be doing yourself a favour . 
  `` treated better '' utter cringe of a comment to make . 
  off you pop , no doubt you 're a proud scot but ... 
  wow , you do understand that article does n't back up your point ? 
  that 's someone opinion . 
  as i said the eu make up its own rules , they are flexible . 
  nobody knows what would happen right now fucking hell , time for you to go to bed i think . 
  i think you 're the unbelievably thick one with zero grasp of scottish politics . 
  stupid government done tend to be in power for as long as the snp , let alone win a popular vote most parties in europe can only dream about i despite ignorance , especially when the ignorant try to lecture others, 
  you do know english mps outnumber the rest of the uk mps combined ? 
  it 's pretty much what english mps want , they get . 
  so please , do n't give me a hard luck story about representation . 
  our mps are not equal within the uk parliament . 
  you 're laughable naive if you think it 's as simple as `` everyone gets a vote '' it 's also pretty embarrassing you 're suggesting us or the other nations should n't get an equal say on the future of the uk , it should ultimately be decided by english voters based on population size . 
  it 's that sort of thinking that 's put the snp in power for over 10 years and helped collapse the ni government . 
  nice one, 
  it 's nationalist that are taking us out the eu mate . 
  scotland and ni voting to remain is n't an opinion , it 's a fact . 
  you have no idea if we would have to re apply or not . 
  nobody does . 
  the eu makes its own rules regarding membership , they have never potentially been in this position before , you ca n't just make assumptions for the sake of it, 
  aye , whatever pal . 
  i 'm not offended , i do n't get offended at words , but if you 're trying to imply that it is n't a derogative you 're clearly full of shite . 
  it 's a uk parliament not an english one . 
  i 'm a supporter of an english parliament always have been do n't see the tories support it though , why would they ? 
  they can command a majority in westminster without winning any seats in scotland all evel does is undermine the union , and as i said before it effectively bans any mp sitting in scotland or ni from becoming pm as a result , nobody is going to vote for a party with a lame duck pm . 
  it 's these little things on top of brexit that is ripping the uk apart . 
  of course it does any scottish , welsh or ni prime minister who is barred voting on evel matters would be nothing more than a lame duck . 
  evel has created two classes of mps in what is meant to be a uk parliament ... everyone equal and all . 
  no chance would they get voted in . 
  amazing , truly amazing your ignorance of scottish politics . 
  worth pointing out the snp did offer to work with other parties to lock the tories out of government at the last ge `` not much of a scot '' fucking hell , belter of a comment to come away with . 
  yes , that pro european pro immigration , freedom of movement supporting party the snp are the true isolationist here . 
  behave yourself, 
  the act of union was 1707 scotland has n't voted tory since the 1950 's thanks to evel you wo n't see another scottish , welsh or ni mp elected as pm again jock is derogative word you know again , being part of an increasing right wing isolationist government who we rejected at the ballot not is not the preferred option, 
  ruth is n't that popular . 
  i do n't see how you can argue being a part of a right wing tory government that we rejected at the ballot box within a isolated uk outside the eu is somehow a good thing for scotland, 
  it 's amazing the support has held up so well despite no active independence campaigning while unionist parties have been campaigning against independence now since 2014, 
  huh ? 
  here is a quote from the snp manifesto that they got elected on `` if there is a significant and material change in the circumstances that prevailed in 2014 , such as scotland being taken out the eu against our will '', 
  you 're very naive if you believe it 's that simple . . family of nations , equal partnership . . etc. . etc. . . 
  brilliant, 
  why should we or northern ireland wait for the shitstorm that is going to come from brexit when we made it clear at the ballot box we do n't want to leave the eu under a government that has a total of 1 mp ( who a majority of only 798 ) between the 2 nations ? 
  well yes , the uk is tearing itself apart, 
  you do understand brexit has changed everything ? 
  not really . 
  i accept reality, 
  no such thing as a scottish expat since technically no such thing as a scottish citizen you must be raging irish passport carrying eu citizens brought down the ni government, 
  our parliament is n't designed for majorities . 
  nah , no snp msp 's voted against it . 
  it 's worth noting all 3 unionist parties voted against an amendment to allow eu citizens the right to vote in a future independence referendum . 
  make of that what you will thankfully it still passed despite them, 
  no need to insult weasels, 
  well , we are good cunts after all, 
  an mp got murdered only last year, 
  the attacker was english . 
  how can you close a border to someone born in that country ? 
  aye , they never seem to understand the meaning of cause and effect and that the empire was a good thing . 
  people seem to forget the catholics in northern ireland had been treated like second class citizens . 
  literally being denied jobs , housing and the right to vote . 
  it 's not as if the ira just appeared out of thin air . 
  incredible how many people seem to think the ira are the only bad guys during the troubles, 
  from 1918 to 2017 ... england still considers itself the u.k, 
  yip . 
  meltdown you know we have been having these discussions and arguments up here for the best part of 5 years ? 
  gets kinda boring after a while correcting people . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's amusing watching you pretend you have a clue . 
  no more attention for you now . 
  enjoy the rest of your day, 
  dry yer eyes you do n't know your arse from your elbow about the subject . 
  it is funny watching you have a meltdown over it, 
  please . 
  just stop embarrassing yourself . 
  you know you 've just proven me right ? 
  again , scotland can not have a deficit while it 's part of the uk . 
  it is impossible i 'm also smiling at the suggestion you believe scotland would operate its economy exactly the same as the uk currently does your euro argument did make me laugh though . 
  you 've went from mandatory ... not meeting the requirements ( despite them already being in the eu ) to voluntarily brilliant no need to get upset or angry about it , i would n't expect you to have an understanding of the subject . 
  enjoy the rest of your day, 
  i 'm not you 've just wrote well a lot of nonsense on baseless assumptions . 
  for starters , we are not an independent country , we can not have a deficit it 's literally impossible for us to have a deficit . 
  it 's the uk that does . 
  no idea why you mention the euro . 
  it 's not been suggested we will join the euro . . and despite the myth you do n't have to use it unless you 're about to tell me the likes of bulgaria , croatia , czech republic , denmark , hungary , poland , romania and sweden have been using it in secret ? 
  no offence , but this is pretty basic stuff . 
  it 's not even worth debating if you do n't understand it . 
  what next ? 
  you about to tell me how spain will block out membership to the eu, 
  i did notice this comment on twitter and it 's spot on . 
  what 's gone unmentioned is nicola sturgeon has effectively put an end to theresa may using scottish fishing waters as a bargaining chip, 
  i 'm not wrong . 
  i do n't want to be rude mate , but you clearly do n't have much of a clue about uk or scottish politics to be making such ridiculous claims . 
  the uk government will agree , it 's such a non issue it 's not even worth debating the spain argument has been debunked so many times now , again it 's not even worth debating, 
  of course it 's not . 
  it happens elsewhere in the world such as canada and australia so eu nationals would come to scotland just to go to a non eu country where they wo n't received the same rights and privileges ? 
  makes sense, 
  no , we are not . 
  what 's the point in commenting on a subject you clearly know nothing about ?
