  so when you say you want scotland to leave the uk , you 're asking for the union to end . 
  therefor the end of the uk * dig , dig , dig *, 
  the territories are not part of the united kingdom ... 
  the act of union 1707 refers to the kingdom of england and the kingdom of scotland , not wales . 
  glad you mentioned france , the auld alliance between the scots and the french is the oldest alliance in the world . 
  it 's incredible you do n't know any of this , i know they charge you for an education in england . 
  i 'd maybe considering asking for a refund if i was you . 
  do n't worry , i 'm not going to charge you for giving you a lesson , that would be cruel . 
  looking forward to your witty comeback , be interesting to see just how deep a hole you 're willing to keep digging . 
  have an up vote . 
  you deserve it since you keep digging without scotland ( or england ) you wo n't have a uk , if one decided to leave the union ... no union no union ... no united kingdom as the kingdoms of scotland and england wo n't be united in a union . 
  hurray !, 
  you 're getting to learn so much today . 
  look on the bright side , you might have made an arse of yourself but at least you learned something new . 
  take care now, 
  is this you attempting to backtrack after making an arse of yourself ? 
  embarrassed for you . 
  you feeling ok ? 
  only asking as none of that makes sense . 
  not entirely sure you understand the meaning of devolved either . 
  our educations system have always been separate , pre dates the scottish parliament . 
  same with our nhs thankfully, 
  nice one thank you, 
  hate to be the dick who points this out scotland and england have a different education system from each other , i 'm just curious if the figures provided takes that into account or if it simple represents one country only, 
  i do n't think it 's needless at all , is be shocked if people in england did n't vote for it given the option . 
  biggest argument would be where to build it !, 
  cost is relatively i suppose , you could probably build another parliament for a lot less money than its going to cost to refurbish westminster it is a uk parliament , i ca n't stress than enough , all mps should be equal within it . 
  i do n't want to sound rude , but it 's precisely this sort of attitude towards scotland that is allowing the snp to be doing so well . 
  scottish mps can not vote on devolved matters to scotland either as they do n't sit in the scottish parliament english mps do get a vote on the block grant allocated to scotland though . 
  english parliament really is the answer edit : an english parliament should naturally mean the downsizing of the uk parliament , possible looking at a federal uk instead but i do n't see the tory government having the will for this , makes no sense to them . 
  they can already have a majority government without scottish votes , why would they risk if ? 
  easier to use westminster as an english parliament instead, 
  the snp have never went down an anti english rhetoric, 
  it 's a uk parliament , evel now makes certain mps unequal . 
  english parliament is the answer . 
  i 'd love to see a ge campaign trying to convince english voters to vote for a scottish based mp as leader who as a pm wo n't be able to vote let along argue policies the last ge campaign the tories and ukip pretty much used the thread of scotland having a say over england as a weapon to gain votes it just simply would n't happen , the tories using the uk parliament as an english one does effectively ban scottish mps from becoming pm / coe, 
  good luck trying to convince english voters to voters for a scottish based pm after the introduction of evel, 
  you ca n't though . 
  we simple do n't know what it would look like . 
  it is a united kingdom after all , without scotland it would n't exist ( and vice versa ) of course it should . 
  it 's crazy to suggest otherwise . 
  as things stand a scottish based mp can not become pm or coe due to the set up . 
  it 's these little things that are tearing the uk apart . 
  from our perspective we have rejected the tories as every election since the 50 's , but here we are right now . 
  business as usual is n't an option for the uk , if it wants to keep plodding along , an english parliament is needed at the very least, 
  scottish vote has never been worth more than an english / welsh vote . 
  what is needed is an english parliament . 
  reduce the number of all mp in westminster drastically . 
  with every nation having an equal number of mps , would force them to work together , not just railroad polices through and wonder why other people are upset . 
  but i doubt the tories would ever want to see that , why give up a majority and use the uk parliament as an english one ? 
  as i said , uk policy should n't be decided on what nation has the largest population size , that 's just madness, 
  more practical reasons for that if memory serves me right . 
  i do n't think it 's possible to identify who is scottish living elsewhere in the uk , that sort of information is n't kept on the electoral register . 
  could you imagine the reaction if we told the thousands of english people who have made scotland their home you would n't be a allowed a vote on its future ? 
  i could n't support that attitude, 
  you ca n't . 
  nobody knows what an independent scotland deficit would be , anyone who claims otherwise is talking nonsense . 
  a one size fits all policy does n't work for the uk , you ca n't have one nation decided what 's best for all 4 based solely on its population size . 
  the eu and immigration arguments are a perfect recent example of this . 
  i 've lost count the amount of times i 've heard the uk government tell us we are a union of equals, 
  i 'm not at all . 
  the facts are , scotland has no deficit , the uk does . 
  nobody knows what an independent scotland deflect would be , to suggest otherwise is just nonsense . 
  the figures your presenting are scotland within the uk, 
   i see no reason why the uk would n't let scotland leave , we were fully prepared to last time . 
  you should have seen it during the final week of the independence campaign up here when 1 poll had yes in the lead . 
  they shat themselves down south , sent up all the celebrities , begging to vote no . 
  labour had bus loads of activities coming up to scotland doing door to door , again begging for a no vote . 
  tabloids with the coffins of dead soldiers on the front page asking did they die for nothing seeing cameron fly the saltire above no. 10 was a pretty cringe worthy moment , as well as seeing the mayor of liverpool along with ed also fly the saltire , again , begging for a no vote they wernt prepared in the slighted , keeping in mind when the campaign started , support for independence was sitting as low as 21 % . 
  the uk gov did n't even bother with a contingency plan , it was n't until the final weeks it dawned on them they might lose the vote . 
   and they have lage deficit scotland does n't have a deficit , the uk does . 
   well , if you took on scotland 's deficit scotland does n't have a deficit , the uk does . 
   they of course do n't realise that scotland leaving would actually benefit the rest of the uk as they run a massive deficit . 
  scotland does n't have a deficit . 
  the uk does, 
   i 'm also not convinced most of the people who voted no in the indyref did so because they were worried about having to leave the eu . 
  unless you where an eu citizen living in scotland at the time who unlike brexit , had a vote in the independence referendum, 
   its less money the central government will receive from those regions at the end of the day , fixed that, 
  scotland has no deficit , the uk does . 
  scotland pays more into the uk treasury per head than it receives, 
  scotland does n't have a deficit , the uk does . 
  you think its bad on here , you should see how the english right wing media react . 
  verge of tears stuff from them . 
   the scottish , per head we pay more into the treasury than we receive . 
  plus if you ever get a chance , have a look at the mccrone report , you 'll see why the uk government decided to bury it that is not including the natural resources we also have . 
  i also fail to see how we can have over representation in the uk parliament , considering english mps outnumber all the ruk mps together . 
  hence why we are in a situation when scotland votes against trident , royal mail privatization etc. . . 
  yet we are lumped with it . 
  a true united kingdom would have all 4 nations having an equal say in matter . 
  i think in general scotland has a lot in common with scandinavian . 
  pretty sure there was even whispers about us applying to join the nordic council if we voted yes back in 2014, 
  the uk armed forces has been in major decline for some time now . 
  they like to pretend they are still one of the big boys . 
  spain has no reason at all to play nice . 
  they are rightly going to play hardball . 
  i do feel sorry for people living in gibraltar though , they clearly did n't ask for this, 
  that would be upto the people of orkney and shetland to decide . 
  but i suspect you already know the answer to that one, 
  poor wales and northern ireland left out . 
  would n't say it annoys me as much , but you can usually tell someone from the thirteen colonies when they have zero knowledge of the outside world,
