  it did n't exclude anyone . 
  everyone who was living in scotland got a vote . 
  not sure what the point of your argument is here exactly ... only scottish people should have been entitled to a vote ? 
  now that would be nationalistic, 
  1 mp ( and he just won that seat ) scotland rejected them again . 
  you ca n't argue against a fact, 
  scotland does n't have a deficit . 
  the uk does . 
  one of the reasons people support independence is so we can run things differently from the uk i ca n't answer what if questions . 
  i 'm certain if we have another referendum you 'll see another white paper, 
  the decline of labour happened long before corbyn took over as uk leader . 
  it just happened to go terminal when they decided to share a platform with the tories for the referendum campaign . 
  i think that 's them done for good in scotland now . 
  same applies with northern ireland i assume ? 
  to say `` all bets are off '' is pretty silly . 
  since we know politics is n't exactly black and white, 
  to be honest , i 'm not going to repeat myself . 
  the eu makes its own rules and criteria , all you need is political will to make it happens . 
  the eu not allowing scotland to rejoin is just not worth debating as it wo n't happen, 
  until the 1903 scots would be granted dual citizenship ( and vice versa ) under the terms of the auld alliance, 
  good point . 
  i forgot about that , it used to be great britain & ireland , now it 's just gb & northern ireland i guess wales is apart of great britain . 
  i might be wrong , i 'm just positive wales is n't mentioned in the act of union . 
  sorry , but you ca n't compare the uk with the ussr or yugoslavia , its chalk and cheese . 
  we can agree to disagree , i just believe if scotland wants to remain a member of the eu , then the eu will make it happen within a very quick turnaround period . 
  the quicker it is , the less disruption it could potentially eu citizens who are already living here . 
  from what i 've been hearing within the eu parliament , there is a lot of goodwill and sympathy towards our current situation, 
  i understand the system . 
  i 'm saying not for a second will i believe it would takes years for us to rejoin the eu the eu can make up its own laws and procedures , hence why i 'm saying it 's only a matter of political will to get these things done . 
  i honestly believe this will be done very quickly , depending on the timing of everything , it could potentially be sorted before brexit happens . 
  union of north britain ? 
  i do n't want to come across as rude , but do you understand what the uk is and how it works ? 
  you do know scotland predates the u.k. ? 
  hence why we have our own legal , banking and education system ? 
  everyone living in scotland did get a vote . 
  behave yourself voting tory gave you a tory government . 
  scotland have rejected the tories since the 1950 's even if every scottish seat was won by labour , we 'd still have a tory governing . 
  coming from one of these former labour heartlands , i can tell you . 
  it was n't the snp who disrupted them , it was labour . 
  they took scotland for granted for far too long and they are paying the price for it . 
  just to be a dick ... 
  i 'm pretty sure wales is n't even mentioned on the act of union . 
  probably why they are not represented on the union flag guess you could maybe argue , if either scotland or england leave the u.k. , the u.k. wont technically exist anymore, 
  again , we already meet the criteria since we are a eu nation right now , we have mep 's sitting in the eu parliament . 
  you ca n't really compare us with eastern european nations who are trying to meet these criteria for membership . 
  political will is all you really need to make it happen quickly . 
  if the eu and scottish government want it done , it will be done . 
  nationalism ? 
  i think you 're misunderstanding why people support independence . 
  there was a reason why everyone who lived in scotland had a right to vote in the 2014 referendum no matter where you had been born . 
  compare that to the eu referendum when the uk government did n't allow eu citizens ( except for irish ) a vote, 
  why would it last for years ? 
  we are already in the eu . 
  there is n't a queue to join , we already meet the criteria for membership, 
  correct, 
  yeah , nobody ever seen to take into consideration the natural resources either we provide to the ruk, 
  we are already hearing it . 
  no border between roi and ni after brexit yet , no choice but to have a border between scotland and england if we leave the u.k. because reasons, 
  even more worrying for the unionist is they have been campaigning against independence still since 2014 and the polls have n't shifted despite no yes campaigning . 
  even right not as we speak both tories and labour are in holyrood talking about oil predictions prior to 2014 !, 
  they still trying to convince us having oil is a burden . 
  problem is , nobody is believing it anymore . 
  yeah that was it . 
  well if we do have another referendum , the no campaign will really need to change its argument . 
  they ca n't afford to piss away another massive lead this time . 
  kinda ironic we are in this situation not because the snp have done anything special recently to convince people , but because the uk government have been so horrific over the last few years, 
  plus one the big arguments during the 2014 campaign was the eu apparently the only way we could ensure staying in the eu was with a no vote amazing how quickly things can change, 
  it does n't look like that on the bbc weather map, 
  just what i was thinking !, 
  during the 2014 campaign the no campaign would laugh at norway or the suggestion an independent scotland should seek membership of the nordic council now norway is seen as some beacon of light, 
   we call scotland and england countries but those are hollow titles sorry , but that just is n't true . 
  both are countries , just neither are a sovereign state, 
  both spain and the us have a written constitution . 
  spain has no internal borders , the u.k. 
  does , hence why we have had a different legal system etc. . . as it predates the act of union . 
  the uk does n't had a written constitution . 
  the edinburgh agreement 2012 was to set the terms for the independence referendum . 
  for example it being a single question referendum . 
  ( prior to the agreement talk had been about having a 3rd home rule option on the ballot paper ) it also had to make sure it did have a legal basis as similar to brexit referendum are not technically binding . 
  in short , no laws had to be changed . 
  plus , scotland is a country just not a sovereign one ( same as england ) catalonia and a us state are not . 
  you really ca n't compare them . 
  chalk and cheese, 
   still the vast , vast majority of ~ ~ the uk . ~ ~ england and wales the snp do n't want federalism , they want to end the current political union . . 
  joining the euro , not even an requirement of the eu either no idea what your point is on that one ? 
  does n't matter how much you keep saying it was a uk matter , you 'd have to be pretty ignorant or naive to know it 's just not that simple . 
  i mean just take a look at the ni election results . 
   the vast , vast , vast majority of ~ ~ the uk . ~ ~ england and wales . 
  the uk is far from in agreement about leaving the eu . 
  who is we ? 
   and kept taxes the same , big if nobody knows what an independent scotland would look like tomorrow . 
  that is n't a technicality . 
  that is a fact , or a hard truth as you put it . 
  besides , you 're assuming an independent scotland would run things the same way as the uk does now . 
  which clearly would n't be the case . 
  it does n't . 
  it ca n't . 
  it 's impossible to have a deficit while it 's part of the uk . 
  strictly speaking we do n't even have a penny of debt either as that belongs to the uk i do n't mean to come across as rude , but this is basic stuff . 
  i do n't have to goggle it , these arguments have been going on here since around 2012 , i 've heard them countless times .
