  nice to see france still values its links with scotland also https://stv.tv/news/east-central/1380136-french-consulate-s-plans-for-old-registrars-office-is-approved/, 
  good point , i preferred the days when european nations had constantly been at war with each other . 
  auld alliance after all . 
  our links with france go back centuries, 
  pretty much how gaelic sounds to me . . https://youtu.be/hlwr96lmyhy, 
  worse things to be called than an elf i suppose, 
  sorry , how do we say thank you in scotland ? 
  yeah , clearly the germans who are in the wrong with this one . 
  good to see bojack horseman is popular across europe, 
  i like france . 
  the auld alliance after all, 
  the snp did n't lose seats due to its stance on brexit , every major party up here was oppose to leaving the eu the only mainstream party that was pro brexit was ukip and they done as well in that ge as the last one in scotland . 
  which was lost deposits all round brexit was n't the main issue up here at the last ge . 
  sorry mate , but you obviously do n't have much of a clue about politics in scotland . 
  i hope you read the article . 
  did you even bother your arse to read the article ? 
  not entirely true , according to the last census carried out , around 7 % of our population are immigrants from outside the uk, 
  that is true , but im glad everyone in the country was allowed a vote . 
  if you 've settled here and made it your home , why should you be denied a say about its future, 
  you should try reading the article and understand the politics of the uk mate, 
  did your mum accidentally drop you on your head at some point ? 
  away and take your mouth out for a shite, 
  what are you , a fucking clown ? 
  in support of palestine against israeli apartheid, 
  it 's for political reasons israeli teams are allowed to play on european competitions, 
  it 's for political reasons israeli teams are allowed to play on european competitions, 
  i did n't see how flying a palestine flag was controversial either in all honest , even a few years ago playing in germany , hamburg fans had a massive union jack with `` no surrender '' written on it before celtic played them . 
  no issues apparently uefa constantly tell us politics and football do n't mix , sometimes they turn a blind eye , sometimes they do n't fingers crossed this is one of they times they do n't do anything, 
  we got a fine from uefa for just flying palestine flags . 
  wonder if they 'll say a peep about this, 
  love a ginger, 
  they 've never exactly been all that great , i still think the uk has a bit of an arrogant , snobby attitude towards ireland . 
  kinda sums it up when you still hear people refer to it as the `` british isles '' as if ireland does n't exist at times, 
  of course it 's begbie, 
  irn bru     every other soft drink on the planet, 
  to be fair , if you knew you or your family would likely be shot or imprisoned if you did n't toe the party line ... you 're not exactly going to speak out again them , you 're going to go along with it , and in all honesty , i do n't really blame them, 
  what the fuck is a drought ? 
  germany are doing well, 
  aye besides any powers that are not reserved are automatically devolved not the other way round, 
  the uk is anything but united . 
  this makes me laugh , i remember the attitude of the uk government when it was suggested scotland could walk away from a share of the uk debt during the independence referendum, 
  i got one of these a few months back . 
  i ended up keeping it more for nostalgic purposes, 
  nah , the heat would kill me . 
  give me a cloudy wet day anytime, 
  good, 
  sunshine is overrated, 
  scotland a warm climate ? 
  no , just no, 
  hadrian wall is in england . 
  i agree , let 's just say it was russia who decided to deploy its army along the border , guaranteed it would be seen as an act of aggression although i doubt austria is about to roll over the border to invade, 
  i hope you 're taking the piss it was the labour government who brought in the road signs ... the road signs are only replaced when required and do n't cost anything extra to replace them with bilingual signs , it was party of the tender . 
  hence why you see very few bilingual road signs in cities and towns personally i love seeing gaelic , yes i do n't speak the language but the gaelic speakers are still scottish , not to mention they are taxpayers and deserve representation, 
  surprisingly they done something similar in scotland . 
  the hate towards gaelic today from some people is ridiculous . 
  yeah , my old job i used to word 4 days on , 4 days off all year round . 
  i 'd get the bank holidays included in my annual leave . 
  i think anyone who uses that word should be shot into the sun . 
  you do n't need to be able to see the future to predict the clusterfuck coming, 
  how many people in the roi actually support this ? 
  with all due respect to ni , but it is an absolute clusterfuck of a place with a lot of recent historical baggage thrown into the mix, 
  brexit going to be a fucking disaster for the uk , you 're deluded if you believe otherwise, 
  forget edinburgh ? 
  thought so, 
  you a stand up ? 
  so it 's ignorance then . 
  maybe next time you preach to others you might want to consider brushing up on your limited knowledge , it makes you look silly, 
  incredible amount of history you 've missed out regarding the act of union and the darien scheme hopefully it was down to more ignorance than trying to airbrush it out of history, 
  apparently the magic money tree is also real, 
  what a unimaginative name . 
  a new low for a tory government, 
  italy . 
  zero lane discipline from drivers . 
  anything about 18 is terrifying for me , i wish i was joking . 
  i barely slept last week because of the heat it was around 20 most nights . 
  absolutely torture, 
  you 're not helping dispel the myths about americans here, 
  she is a deluded clown . 
  ca n't help but think if the general election was a few weeks later corbyn might have actually had a good chance to be pm right now, 
  ridiculous but not unexpected from this poor excuse of a government, 
  this is the pro eu scotland flag you 'll seen over here http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/g/gb_sc-eu.gif personally , i like it, 
  the uk does n't have a written constitution mind i suspect you understand the fragile nature of the peace we have in northern ireland but just do n't care about the potential impacts of what will happen if it breaks down, 
  they gave us henrik larsson that 's all i need to know, 
  he 's probably looking to cash in on 72 years worth of royalties, 
  not 100 % sure if true but i 'm sure i 've read it 's not used in scotland and ni either , only england and wales da legal, 
  whoops feel like a right dick now, 
  as much as it pains me to say but glasgow is n't the capital of scotland . 
  edinburgh is, 
  finally , things are starting to look up, 
  in short anti catholic bigots, 
  thanks for taking one part of my comment out of context if someone does n't want to participate then they should n't be forced to do it . 
  it 's that simple some would have had james mcclean lynched for not wearing a poppy on his kit , but he was well within his rights to refuse . 
  let 's be honest the majority do n't really care , the dup might see themselves as british but the reality most in england just see them as another irishman look at the reaction of the government collapse in stormont , it barely made the news, 
  to be honest , if players do n't want to participate then that 's fine , they should n't be forced to do it , it 's only a game of football after all . 
  i know for a fact the uk did n't come to a standstill for a minute silence either , some people did , others did n't . 
  it 's a personal choice as long as they respects others right to do so and do n't cause any disruption i do n't see an issue with it really, 
  worth noting the majorly of dup mps are members of the orange order, 
  i like michael higgins , he came to scotland last year and read a poem in the scottish parliament, 
  the only positive is now they will be getting national exposure and attention which shows them up for what they really are . 
  before they could pretty much get away with anything as the rest of the uk does n't know or care about politics in ni,
