  so aye , i love france and it also appears the french are committed to scotland with the new consulate recently announced https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/stv.tv/amp/1379580-french-consulate-sets-sights-on-historic-registrars-building/ edit : got ta love that national anthem also . 
  funny , people used to say the same about the snp yet 10 years later in government they are still increasing popular with the voters . 
  ironically it 's the tories that are begging for people to vote for them over a flag, 
  fair enough , your replying suggests you ca n't keep away but i 'll take your word on it cheerio now, 
  no problem have fun going through my posting history . 
  it 's pretty simple to understand . 
  i 'll assume you know the situation on the island of ireland, 
  ok . you just make things up to make you feel better, 
  again i wonder why you 're asking daft questions . 
  it 's almost as if you 're looking for an argument for the sake of it . 
  i did , my answer is pretty obvious who i 'm referring to . 
  if you 're going to ask a daft question , then expect a daft answer, 
  it 's almost as if they did n't realise northern ireland existed when thinking up this ridiculous plan, 
  and ? 
  does n't mean she is n't terrible and out of her depth just look who they elected across the atlantic for example, 
  you 're starting to get a bit desperate if your efforts to justify yourself . 
  best you just leave it now . 
  move on . 
  you should n't eat sugary sweets before school mate . 
  5 seconds ... no problem . 
  i believe you . 
  i 'm glad you 're not upset enough to go looking in the hope of trying to catch me out on something you wish to be true instead of you know . 
  just asking me, 
  you know it 's possible to support scottish independence and not vote snp ... mate ca n't believe you went through my posting history . 
  what a fucking loser you are, 
  spineless ? 
  fair enough , if that 's how you prefer it, 
  i do n't vote snp 2 . 
  do you always just shrug your shoulders and hope for the best ? 
  no wonder the tories are going to walk the ge . 
  not at all . 
  she is terrible, 
  she is so laughably out her depth . 
  nothing more than soundbites , no wonder she wo n't do any debates edit : on a serious note , she is also being ridiculously irresponsible with this recent behaviour towards the eu, 
  she has lost the plot . 
  embarrassingly out her depth, 
  15 seats ? 
  last poll today had them at 5 , but even lets just say they win 15 seats , they are still not even close to the snp . 
  ni is falling apart politically , theresa may would rather visit empty factories than visit the place . 
  does n't matter if tories do n't stand , she is the pm of the uk and right now the uk could n't be more divided if it tried, 
  not been paying attention in scotland and ni ? 
  theresa may ca n't even unite the uk over brexit . 
  maybe she should concentrate on that before having a pop at the eu, 
  it 's not australia and it 's landlocked, 
  it has n't really . 
  tory vote has always remained around the same levels . 
  labour collapse has n't helped . 
  i think they 'll be lucky to pick up 4 seats and most of they will be in the rural areas the snp are ridiculously so far ahead of every other party , which is pretty unbelievable after 10 years in government they came out the last holyrood election with a higher vote share edit : i have noticed the similarity with scottish labour and welsh labour , just taking the voters for granted for far too long . 
  they 'll have nobody to blame but themselves, 
  yes , and still not even remotely close to winning an election up here . 
  is n't the key word in that article `` suspected '', 
  is she an actual fascist ? 
  i 've seen it banded around a lot , but i honestly know very little about french politics to know if that 's true or not, 
  so was scotland ... but we are smart enough not to turn to the tories . 
  sort it out wales !, 
  now you can see why ukip do so badly in scotland, 
  the tories are going to walk this election . 
  no doubt about it . 
  in my opinion , westminster should be far less relevant , english parliament should take the uk closer to federalism . 
  which i think it needs to survive , instead of attempting to force this british identity upon us . 
  but an english parliament set up similarly to the scottish parliament with proportional representation , designed not to give overall majorities would n't be any benefit to the tory party . 
  they 'd lose out easily for them to make westminster a de facto english parliament, 
  that greece one made me laugh out loud . 
  from my experience , norwegian loves to come here for our cheap alcohol , they also love to go to a football game, 
  i like how ukrainians recognise wales, 
  for as long as i can remember i thought it was 12pm , of course i might be talking shite . 
  guess i could take a trip to the shop tomorrow morning and find out without looking like a complete alcoholic at that time, 
  scotland has n't voted tory since the 1950 's, 
  english mps outnumber everyone else . 
  they decided . 
  devolution was necessary , scotland and england are very different politically . 
  that was labour mps , they see themselves as a british party . 
  they take the whip from london , not edinburgh, 
  and english mp can decided the scottish budget . 
  evel is ridiculous , westminster is a uk parliament , all mp should have the same rights . 
  best way to solve this issue would be to create an english parliament . 
  but that 'll never happen , after all if the tories can command a majority why would they want to change the system ? 
  10 years in government and re elected with 46.5 % of the constituency vote share at the holyrood election not to mention they won 56 out of a possible 59 of westminster seats in scotland with 49.97 % of the vote share they are one of the most popular parties in europe . 
  i really wish , instead of people in england complaining about our free tuition , they 'd maybe do something about it like vote in a government who would back it . 
  er ... that 's not entirely true , some parts of the uk , but not us all . 
  i know scotland and england have different trading laws , but you 're most certainly allowed to trade on a sunday here . 
  just now allowed to sell alcohol until 12 ( i think ), 
  oi , our weather is great the sun is nothing but a big cancer giving ball of fire . 
  that 's not good for you, 
  course you are pal . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  enjoy the rest of your day, 
  aye , no bother pal . 
  just take your medicine and leave it . 
  no need for you to make this hole deeper, 
  never suggested you did . 
  we as in scotland , you know the country who have been rejecting the tories since the 50 's glad to have helped cleared up your opinions as what they are , only an opinion that is n't based on facts . 
  it 's not really there is a reason why the tories are so desperate to keep scotland as part of the uk . 
  it 's not because they have a deep warm fuzzy feeling inside for us either . 
  for a laugh , can you tell me how large the uk deficit is ? 
  in fact , do n't bother . 
  i already know the answer , surprisingly we have been having these types of discussions up here since around 2012 . 
  yeah , it 's so good have a tory government austerity policy forced on us . 
  we love taxing people for having a spare bedroom it 's nice you finally decided to come out and tell us what you really think instead of pussy footing around . 
  we already do fund it .
