  decent article about the clusterfuck brexit has caused across the uk http://www.politics.co.uk/blogs/2017/03/13/indyref2-brexit-has-put-the-existence-of-the-uk-at-risk, 
  i thought england did n't have anywhere to hold them ? 
  my memory might be playing tricks on me , but i 'm sure the royal navy raised this concern during the 2014 campaign no hmb faslane , no nuclear deterrence, 
  `` controlling the corridor between europe-iceland-greenland is a huge deal . '', 
  it is !, 
  it used to make me laugh during the 2014 campaign hearing how apparently nato would n't want us as a member, 
  `` 62 per cent of the total population stated their identity was ` scottish only ' . 
  that proportion varied from 71 per cent for 10 to 14 year olds to 57 per cent for 30 to 34 year olds . '', 
  unless we are confusing each other points it seems pretty clearly from the census ? 
  yeah same . 
  i could always understand the older generation having much more emotional ties to a british identity , but today , people do seem more comfortable with being scottish/english etc. . 
  technically speaking ireland is british as its part of the british isles , but i would n't go round dublin making that argument . 
  british is seen more of an identity than a geographical location . 
  well nobody ever said your national animal has to be real, 
  only 8 % of the population considered themselves to be british only at the last scottish census http://www.scotlandscensus.gov.uk/news/census-2011-detailed-characteristics-ethnicity-identity-language-and-religion-scotland-\u2013 62 % considered themselves as scottish only . 
  just like the last referendum , this one wo n't be about flags . 
  if it was , we 'd have voted yes, 
  we had a similar situation here , we voted labour every election . 
  im from glasgow , this was a labour heartland . 
  but after the 2014 referendum , people openly despise them , it 's been pretty incredible seeing the change in attitude . 
  if we remain within the uk , then yeah . 
  i can see the snp dominating scottish politics for a long time since the prescription is they do stand up for scotland involving uk matters . 
  although if we do become independent , i 'm not so sure , i could see the party splitting . 
  independence is the one thing that unites them , if it achieved things might change, 
  i was just thinking that , i still think a lot of it might come down to how good or bad the negotiations go to leave the eu i 'm struggling to see how theresa may can deal with ni , scotland and brussels pretty much all at once l. 
  no bother, 
  i take it you do n't keep in touch much with scottish politics ? 
  sorry , did n't mean to come across as cheeky with that reply . 
  i think one of the issues are also the scottish government have made these proposals to the uk government who appears to just not have interest in listening . 
  theresa may wo n't be able to start brexit talks with brussels now declaring she is speaking for the u.k. should make things a bit more interesting, 
  hence why i said devolve immigration . 
  let us continue the free movement of people . 
  we need immigration, 
  i actually felt a bit sorry for hesltine, 
  this is n't 2014 anymore . 
  things have changed . 
  plus the snp had it in its manifesto the right to hold another referendum due to any material change in the uk i pretty much think brexit can be considered material change, 
  well , that 's up to the voters of scotland . 
  reality is , we would n't be having another referendum if the uk government did n't make such a spectacular arse of things over the last few years . 
  nobody to blame but themselves, 
  english mps have control over the uk parliament . 
  what possible more control could they have ? 
  the fact we have a tory majorly government despite scotland rejecting them since the 50s is a pretty good indication . 
  during the last ge ukip distributed leaflets telling people `` a vote for labour is a vote to be ruled by the scots '' while telling us they are sick of the barnett formula , even the current leader has in the past came out with plenty of anti scottish rhetoric they are an english nationalist party . 
  it 's not really worth debating in all honesty, 
  you need to be very naive to believe it was that simple . 
  the fact we are looking to hold a referendum just shows it 's really not, 
  the day after the scottish independence result back in 2014 . 
  david cameron held a press conference saying `` england voice must be heard '' this lead to evel in the u.k. parliament meaning for the first time in the history of the uk , scottish and english mps are no longer equal . 
  plus we have seen the rise of right wing english nationalist parties such as ukip, 
  comparing the u.k. with the eu is just a bit silly . 
  come on now, 
  it should still be available on the scottish gov website , but it looks like the website has crashed !, 
  it was titled scotland 's future : your guide to an independent scotland if memory serves me right , it 's around 500 pages . 
  i suppose you can look at the 2014 white paper to maybe just you an idea of what the scottish governments plans for a potential independent scotland would look like . 
  of course you can ask . 
  the answer right now is i do n't have the answer , i would imagine we would have another white paper in the near future . 
  you need to remember though , the point of independence is so we can do things differently from the uk government when it comes to taxes , economy , defence etc. . . 
  or autumn 2018, 
  remaining in the single market and devolving immigration is n't an impossible request . 
  the uk government not agreeing to a referendum will only help the independence movement, 
  here is the clip https://youtu.be/xyimvevmwss hopefully this myth can finally be put to bed . 
  what 's wrong with being foreign ? 
  it does . 
  but my point being , its not as simple to make assumptions what an independent scottish economy would look like . 
  that 's what the scottish government would like to see , a conventional armed forces , primarily focused on defence and peacekeeping , getting rid of trident and turning faslane into a submarine base . 
  that 's not true . 
  the figures do n't even take in the food and drink exports which alone rake in around # 13b for the treasury once again . 
  i do n't understand why people think scotland would run its economy exactly the same way as the uk government does . 
  just from the top of my head , we would n't be having to pay a share toward such ridiculously expensive things such as trident or hs2 you can not look at how the uk government runs our economy and just assume we would carry on business as usual, 
  the military question was answered in the 2014 white paper . 
  do n't see it being any different this time around . 
  it would be different from the irish model . 
  scotland does n't have a deficit , it ca n't have one as it 's not independent nor does it have full control over its tax . 
  the uk has a deficit . 
  again , you 're making assumptions we could continue to do things the same way as the uk government does . 
  one of the arguments for independence is so we do n't . 
  so we wo n't have government jobs still ? 
  sorry , but you 're just making assumptions , you have no idea what an independent scotland would look like . 
  you 're not in a position to make such a bold claim with having very little or no facts . 
  do n't worry , we will still be here . 
  just not in a political union . 
  you 'll still be more than welcome to come and visit, 
  because ?? 
  you 're allowed dual citizenship under u.k. laws , if scotland became independent scots would n't have our british citizenships removed . 
  would be a personal choice . 
  would imagine it would be similar to ireland . 
  people born before 1922 have a right to claim british citizenship . 
  plus under law today irish citizens are not considered as `` foreign '' hence why they had the right to vote at the european referendum . 
  it 's not done either nation any harm with mass immigration between them . 
  so maybe something similar would apply between scotland and the rest of the uk i know the snp want an open border to continue the free movement of people between scotland and the ruk i would n't worry about too much imagination from down south , we need imagination . 
  me personally i would have zero objection to anyone who wants to move to scotland and make it home . 
  i 'm baffled that you 're struggling to understand this . 
  truly baffled to the point i 'm starting to believe you 're taking the piss . 
  of course it 's a rejection they are still in the same position as they have been since the scottish parliament reopened on the opposition seats ( holyrood does n't have an official opposition ) no idea why you 're arguing this , can only guess you are arguing for the sake of arguing now . 
  yes i know . 
  i did see the scottish parliament results . 
  they are a very distance second to the snp who command almost 50 % of the vote . 
  again , scotland had and continues to reject the tories . 
  i found it ridiculous eu citizens had been denied the vote ( and we know why ) we even had a french snp msp who despite living in scotland for 30 + years was denied the right to vote .
