  oh look , a barge on a canal , how quaint . 
  for a nations currency to be effective it has to be legal tender not just in most places but in all places unless clearly stated . 
  having gone through the rigmaroll of trying to spend northern ireland sterling in scotland and being refused , then having the same thing happen with scottish notes in england i ca n't but help laugh everytime i hear some brits lecture about the failure of the euro !, 
  seriously , pick one currency as legal tender and stick with it rather than all this silly bugger games of souvenir tokens from around the realm . 
  fear of being scammed ? 
  the sterling would seem to be very insecure . 
  i 've never had a problem spending euro 's anywhere . 
  even when traveling in south america the euro was a tighter margin that sterling . 
  i guess they have to be careful , with the chance of being scammed you know . 
  i offered the currency of the uk and it was refused in the uk . 
  it was a clean crisp note so are you telling me a vendor can choose to not deal with sterling when sterling prices are advertised ? 
  i 've never had a problem spending $ anywhere in the zone but traveling through antiquated uk is n't so straight forward . 
  it feels like some kind of theme park . 
  the euro is still here but i ca n't use a # 5 note from northern ireland in london , sort that out !, 
  indeed . 
  of course we 'll allow special fee free tourist visas so that those three pubs in spain do n't go bust . 
  stable ? 
  i tried to spend a # 5 note from northern ireland recently in london , it would n't be accepted so i offered $ 5 instead which was accepted . 
  the difference in the exchange rate was absorbed by the vender to my benefit . 
  seriously sort out your own currency !, 
  it illustrates that a domestic crisis can happen regardless of the currency . 
  for example the greek crisis is the greek crisis , the irish crisis was the irish crisis and both in the same currency but with differing outcomes . 
  one german industrialist opined to his other european counterparts that at least by using english they 'd all be at an equal disadvantage . 
  it does n't follow that germans using english means automatic benefits for the uk . 
  jimmy saville perhaps ? 
  maybe if you were full members you 'd be adequately acquainted with the issue . 
  sterling did n't save the uk form needing an imf bailout in the 70s . 
  if they want to rejoin they 'll have to be full members , they ca n't have their current exemptions back . 
  if the 60s were the golden era of jobs and houses for all then i reckon the slide started in mid 70s , it 's nadir being late 80s and the reconstruction being the early 90s . 
  actually that 's when london 's population stopped shrinking and actually started growing again . 
  then in 1997 `` cool britannia '' arose to smother and nauseate all in its wake . 
  the 00s were boom time , 2008 flattened everyone except london which after a pause left the rest of the uk behind ( apart from places like aberdeen ) . 
  i do wonder if the 2011 riots were potentially the start of new slide ? 
  previous decades urban riots had been race related but 2011 had white unemployed youth as its main protagonists . 
  i 'm happy with the loose arrangement of sovereign states with converging interests . 
  the only real issues are jurisdictional like eu borders but even there an oversight agency to ensure adequate resources are supplied would do . 
  consider it a variation on structural funding but with security as its focus . 
  as i read this i mused that part of the reason internet gambling was fought so hard against in the usa was because it would take business away from the existing means of speculation , the stock market . 
  what nato needs is australia on board , it 's not like geography has stopped it being in the eurovision !, 
  in fairness if the vote is for remain brits will knuckle down , the yearning for empire era splendid isolation will die down for another generation . 
  the uk seems to go through cycles of loving everything british and then into self loathing doubt where everything is shit and only good things happen abroad . 
  perhaps nato is a cold war relic . 
  at least a usa withdrawal from the organisation would put the onus back on its remaining members to restructure and possibly adapt it as an eu common defense institution . 
  these teens will get exposed to a non gun owning culture and then return home to preach this good news . 
  this is a gift to the stay campaign . 
  damn it , i was hoping for weaker sterling !, 
  standards have dropped . 
  they 're not even reforms , they are commitments to talk about things that will still need to be agreed to by all members . 
  you see , it 's possible to make a point without being insulting . 
  [ reminds of jimmy carr !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkwzm8tdea0 ), 
  my , this is tickling my interest . 
  i bought a load of sterling recently just for speculation but i might actually venture forth to spend it . 
  although caravan parks are n't really my thing . 
  but offering a lower tax rate to make companies stay is playing the tax haven game !, 
  reddit starts feeling small once you get used the same old ding dong . 
  take it easy . 
  catch you on some other thread . 
  btw for what it 's worth i think brexit is a stupid fucking idea but i understand the strong cultural isolationist reasons driving it . 
  but i have zero respect for it considering the potential impact it could have on the peace process on this island . 
  the british public through its elected government should have made explicit provision for the cross border institutions established by the good friday agreement before calling for a brexit vote . 
  economics is a secondary concern for us . 
  you came to reddit for serious debate , ah bless . 
  it 's the first i 've heard of the `` west wales irish invasion '' . 
  i know plenty of brits in ireland who head to the uk for their holliers so that could explain the reg plate . 
  seriously i ca n't think of the last time someone told they went to west wales for a holiday . 
  for rugby and hill walking certainly ( fab place wales btw ) . 
  tell you what , after brexit when sterling 's really gone to shit i 'll have a look at heading to wales over my usual continental haunts . 
  but paying less corporate tax than ireland does n't make france a tax haven ? 
  well we certainly ca n't stop you ... even if we wanted to !, 
  do n't forget to pull out of ireland too . 
  ah yes . 
  when lacking defense resort to insults , that always works . 
  do n't you worry . 
  the nasty `` we '' wo n't be bothering the uk after brexit . 
  who ? 
  we 've been writing `` brits out '' on walls for decades !, 
  economic alignment does not mean political alignment . 
  if it did then there 'd be no political way for the uk for leave the eu . 
  do n't worry , what `` we '' are wo n't be a problem for you after brexit , it will just be yourself alone . 
  do n't worry uk , even after you leave the eu we 'll let you travel the same three pubs in spain for your annual pilgrimage . 
  well it 's not even brittle as it 's a fluid arrangement of sovereign states with converging interests . 
  anyone can leave at any time as they wish . 
  nobody can stop the uk from leaving . 
  what were you expecting from the telegraph , what the guy actual said ? 
  oh really ? 
  [  france 's corporate income tax rate , for example , is 34.4 percent , among the highest in the world . 
  but the effective tax rate for the largest companies in the cac40 ( a french stock market index ) is actually only 8 percent ] ( http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2015-10-23/to-promote-fairness-simplify-corporate-taxation ) just because ireland corporate tax is transparent does n't mean it 's the lowest . 
  if companies want to pay less tax they head to france . 
  the british government as elected by the british public is still responsible for the good friday agreement . 
  instigating brexit without prior provision for the peace process was reckless . 
  in 1997 the british government acknowledge a role in the irish famine . 
  do you think that was a mistake ? 
  hey , somethings do n't change . 
  they entered this brexit thing without considering how it completely undermines the good friday agreement . 
  i 've lots of british friends in ireland and they know what 's at stake . 
  hey , in population terms we 're still recovering from the famine which the british engineered . 
  but we should n't be supporting eachothers budgets , that would make the eu a federation and support is not there for that . 
  greek ca n't foist responsibility for its domestic finance onto everyone else . 
  if they blame the euro then they should withdraw from the currency at once .
