  i guess you could compare isis to the british administration in ireland . 
  so what was the intent of the penal laws ? 
  the brits did n't have to round anyone up . 
  ireland had over centuries become a concentration camp for its natives . 
  genocide is n't measured in time either . 
  growth is a measurement of rate and volume is a measurement of size . 
  indeed , companies seem to be laying the groundwork for exporting themselves out of the uk and into the eu . 
  100.000 uk businesses registered in ireland alone since the vote . 
   sound lads those germans , tried to help us in 1916 . 
  hang about , before that they armed the uvf via the larne gun run !, 
  seriously though i was reading recently about people being arrested for sedition for asking if volunteering for the front assured home rule for ireland !, 
  there was every reason to not trust the brits to honour democracy in ireland . 
  ignore them . 
  to borrow from farage , they laughed at us when we launched a low corporate tax rate , they said who 'd move to that backward shithole but they 're not laughing now !, 
  comparatively the nazis did n't seem bad after irelands population was halved under britain 's genocidal rule . 
  well apple are going to have to pay back tax after their liberal interpretation of their eu liabilities . 
  they knowingly choose not to open an apple store in the irish republic for that end and have no defense as they have a store in belfast that serves a much smaller population . 
  i 'm not aware of any coal mining the areas indicated for ireland and google searches are n't producing anything . 
  there was coal mining near where i grew up but that shut in the 1960s . 
  but she said a reintroduced franc would be linked to euro , like the west african franc . 
  great collection . 
  i think more shared competencies is the best way forward . 
  i can see a mutual defense pact that does n't compromise the non nato states neutrality happening . 
  pies in ireland ? 
  that 's a brit thing . 
  more likely apples , pears and cucumbers !, 
  yeah . 
  only yesterday someone on this forum was explaining that it costs $ 3.000 to register a birth outside of marriage but only a couple of hundred euros to register a marriage !, 
  i know each country has its peculiarities but that things like that just seem extremely at odds with norms . 
  suckers for believing shit if it 's said with a posh upperclass accent . 
  can be very difficult to use northern ireland and scottish sterling in england !, 
  every second pub seems to be called either the red or white lion . 
  unfortunately that 's evolution , the stupid are going to take a few victims with them but they 'll serve as a horrible warning until the some future generation forgets what vaccines are used against . 
  that british doctor was struck off . 
  but here 's the thing , without a living memory of polio or measles , parents are n't fully aware to the dangers until it happening all around them again . 
  well the eu did n't tel us to build 40 years of housing stock in leitrim or to overrule the advice of our own county engineers in approving apartment blocks on flood plains . 
  but just like the tories use the eu as a scapegoat , fianna fail and all its gombeen supporters pin the blame for their bondholder bailout on the eu . 
  even the shinners voted for the guarantee !, 
  what we were told is that if we were going to guarantee our 6 domestic banks , we had to provide the same coverage for all foreign banks registered in the state to maintain a level playing field . 
  my concern is the peace process which only came about with the eu as a neutral sponsor . 
  all this gibraltese military posturing is absurd , as if britain needs a military presence against spain . 
  we 're not the ones crying take back control as if the eu was an occupying force . 
   why do you hate the brits so much ? 
  why does britain hate us in the eu so much ? 
  how could it under british rule ? 
   if it makes you feel good spout whatever anti-british crap you want . 
  you mean pro democracy . 
   and for what it 's worth i agree with you about ireland . 
  although not all of your countrymen would agree especially those in ni right ? 
  ni was created as a segregationist enclave against the will of the nation so it 's not up for discussion with a brit . 
   well the people want to be ruled by the uk . 
  they voted it twice at least . 
  so what , ireland democratically voted for self rule but ended up being partitioned so that 's not an argument to be made by brits . 
  gibraltar voted by over 90 % to remain eu citizens but by british democracy that does n't count for anything . 
  british democracy is a joke . 
  the tories can govern with 11.000.000 votes but ukip only get one seat with 4.000.000 votes !, 
   i guess you want to be anti british or think that the brits should not be in gibraltar ? 
  i just do n't see any reason for them being there . 
  anyway i thought gibraltar was part of the uk so i do n't understand why it is n't taxed the same way as every other part . 
  spain can patrol that stretch so for what other reason do the bris need to be there ? 
   no ship can pass in or out of the med without passing the straits of gibraltar . 
  so what ? 
   maybe because you need to prove that you 're well off and be able to take care of the kid since it 's essentially a type of adoption . 
  does the greek state penalise single parents ? 
  it 's not unreasonable for eu taxpayers to ask when does greece not need to be bailed out ? 
  why must there be multiple bailouts when other nations have excited their bailout programmes ? 
  at this stage people are rightly starting to believe that letting greece crash out of the eu is the more sensible option . 
  if the eu does n't work for greece then it 's morally right to write off all greek debt and obligations to the eu memberstates . 
   if we get a debt relief , we stay in eu and other countries arent hostile to us we can do it outside . 
  you 've already got debt relief and multiple bailouts . 
  people do n't believe greece is reforming . 
  trust is gone . 
  if leaving the eu meant all of greeces debts were written off would that be acceptable ? 
  but why ca n't the same state bureaucracy that charges a couple of hundred euros for a marriage cert not do the same for a birth cert ? 
  yet the same bureaucratic system only charges a couple of hundred euros for a marriage cert so that argument does explain it . 
  do you think greece would be better off out of the eu . 
  many are starting to think greece is a mismatch . 
  well having grown up in ireland at a time when the state was heavily influenced by the church my first presumption was that there was something similar behind that exorbitant charge . 
  i 'm just really surprised that it stands unchallenged in this age . 
  but was n't debt already restructured . 
  increasingly the message from greece seems to be inability to reform . 
  ireland stonk !, 
  why does it cost 3k to register a birth out of marriage ? 
  is greece still that traditional ? 
  ca n't nuke subs go without needing to dock at gibraltar ? 
  the usa has nato bases of greater significance in spain so gibraltar is n't of much value to them . 
  what actual use is gibraltar to the uk anyway ? 
  it 's not like uk shipping is going to be affected by brexit . 
  table tennis i think . 
  well you can get elected in that nation on fake news . 
  now a moment of silence for sweden . 
   in many sense , a currency union is the next step after a fiscal union since it basically means that i can borrow on your tab . 
  which is precisely the issue with greece ... and that 's why there 's no rush for a fiscal union . 
  it 's a voluntary union and works better that way . 
  there is little desire for endless bailouts for greece . 
  the interest rate on greek government debt says it best . 
  in fairness greece has been an outlier long before the euro , actually it 's being surpassed by every new member except bulgaria . 
  the uk has a fiscal union yet i ca n't spend a northern ireland five pound note in england !, 
  yeah , they 're really ramping it up recently . 
  fear for their dollar hegemony ?
