  the longer the uk leaves it the more transplantable business will leave the uk for the eu . 
  it would uncharitable to allow the process to be dragged out . 
  well ireland and the uk have been on diverging paths since the late 70s , we can no longer define ourselves globally by our relationship with uk . 
  its shit gets real time . 
  the most recent poll in ireland had 90 % thinking brexit was a bad idea . 
  fly on you crazy diamonds . 
  our number one concern is northern ireland . 
  i was n't convinced and i do n't think people looking in are n't convinced either . 
  she 's the least worse option and that 's not saying much . 
  wo n't be surprised if there is n't an election soon . 
  its actual a covert intervention to help english football, 
  best of luck . 
  on the downside though uk citizens do n't enjoy the same political rights in ireland . 
  the 1949 act was in reaction to ireland leaving the commonwealth without consulting the uk . 
  therefore after a brexit where uk citizens lose freedom of movement they will not be able to access ireland the same way we can access the uk . 
  do n't be that girl that stalks her ex-boyfriend and turns up when he 's on a new date . 
  it 's over . 
  it 's not me , it 's you . 
  despite brexit irish citizens retain full political rights in the uk under the republic of ireland act 1949 . 
  but she 's a mother , have n't you heard ... . . 
  was the uk ever really enough of an eu member to be now considered a deserter . 
  its been on a divergent path since leaving the erm . 
  it could be argued that germany built a structural wealth on those loans whereas greece seems to have just used loans to bloat wages to buy elections . 
  i wo n't be surprised if greece leaves the euro by next year . 
  it needs its own currency to print at will to suit its clientele form of democracy . 
  true , screw cameron although he 's probably already started his job as a used ford salesman . 
  also some finish the sentence questions like `` i wish i was on the n17 , stonewalls and ... ... ... '' . 
  the final question should be how to ask to go to the toilet in irish !, 
  ian paisley telling his constituents to get their irish passports , my father would never have believed that !, 
  there was no need for may to add uncertainty . 
  she could have calmly said nothing changes until exit procedures are concluded . 
  that would give eu citizens in the uk some breathing space rather being left in doubt as to whether the uk would take an immediate exit without consultation which it is entitled to do under article 50 . 
  do your friends in france have to pass a language test , i think people in spain have to . 
  but while they 're still in the eu they have a duty of care for eu citizens . 
  you said  i love my nationals but britain is british and brits should come first . 
  that 's anti eu . 
  do you think polish in ireland should have no rights ? 
  well last year when cameron announced there 'd be a brexit vote we had some us cyber security firms divert to our small town in ireland . 
  after brexit happened they were talking about expanding more in ireland . 
  but until the uk exits the eu both are eu citizens enjoying free movement . 
  fair enough . 
  the political rights irish citizens in the uk are unaffected which is handy for irish businesses to take advantage . 
  was there a question ? 
  earlier you seemed to think that polish in britain are now british whereas i stated that polish in ireland were polish but collectively irish and polish are eu citizens with the freedom to work and live in eachothers countries . 
  the uk does n't want that freedom for its own people . 
   and when uk leaves eu it is no more eu member state , correct ? 
  what 's the argument here ? 
  no argument there . 
  the sooner they go the better . 
  so far every post brexit opinion poll in the eu has returned a decline in euroskepticism , even the far right austrian presidential candidate stated he was for staying . 
  90 % of irish respondents thought brexit was a mistake and we know the uk better than most after having fought our way out of that union . 
  nah , it should continue for the two years article 50 is been negotiated , and even longer if both sides agree to kick it out ( which i think is the most likely scenario . ), 
  however there 's nothing stopping the uk from instigating article 50 and making an immediate clean break but that would be chaos ... ... but then again so is brexit . 
  all my uk friends in ireland who do n't have an irish passport already have started the process since brexit . 
  i thought greeks got nervous if there was n't chaos ? 
  well cameron wanted to remain but farage , johnson and leadsom would have make good on their promises . 
  free movement is codified in the laws of eu member states . 
  lets be clear . 
  my polish friends in ireland are polish . 
  no one expects them to be irish . 
  collectively though we are eu citizens . 
  standing up for eachother is solidarity , a word made famous in poland . 
  but the british prime minister said she could n't guarantee the status of eu citizens in the uk . 
  she said this after she was asked if eu citizens would have to leave . 
  she 's basically left the door open for deportation . 
  so you do n't believe in eu free movement from which poland has benefitted ? 
  are you ok with polish citizens living in limbo in the uk ? 
  the sooner the process starts the sooner everyone has clarity . 
  with the uk gone all the remaining non-euro eu members have their currency linked to the euro . 
  the irish flag is a flag of an eu member state . 
  italian flags were burned too . 
  that was different in that they were voting on an eu treaty whereas brexit was a british vote about eu membership , the eu had no say in it . 
  again relying on insults when the facts do n't suit you . 
  the thing is we 're used to british supremacists , we been hosting families driven out of their homes in northern ireland for decades . 
  what you tolerate in northern ireland will spread to every street in britain . 
  the only thing that can overturn the vote is a snap election caused by a pro-eu tory mps withdrawing their support . 
  there 'll need to be lots of bad economic news soon to make it palatable for the general public to elect a pro-eu government which could retake its seat at the eu . 
  see , your position is so untenable you have to resort to insults . 
  it 's a bitch when the people you invade fight back ? 
  now you 're lost . 
  ok , i 'll break this down for you . 
  if you took a picture of obama or nelson mandela and burned it on a bonfire how do you think the world would view you ? 
  you 're the occupier . 
  you went against home rule . 
  hang on . 
  those images are all pre good friday agreement . 
  those bonfires were last night . 
  shut your goons down now . 
  police in northern ireland what you would n't tolerate on your own streets . 
  [ here , own your supremacist culture . 
   you are seriously pathetic . 
  what 's pathetic is you allowing a celebration of sectarian bigotry in northern ireland that you would n't allow on british streets . 
  the uk is either at the table or on the menu . 
  your goons are always a terrorist threat . 
  remember it was a british supremacist who shot jo cox . 
  i think you 're confusing scale here , whereby the ones with the smaller arsenal are the terrorists . 
  now leave the eu , fast . 
  hang on , that was an eu agreement . 
  the uk is leaving the eu now so you should be happy . 
  now take your british goons in northern ireland with you .
