  everything is ruled in until they 're ruled out . 
   the uk is the only western country to not have used its migration brake when poland and others joined in early 2000s . 
  sweden and ireland did n't use the brake either . 
  the danish krona is linked to the euro so it effectively has the euro . 
  unfortunately too many do n't . 
  volatility surrounds brexit for both brits and eu citizens . 
  yeah , for english leave voters the arguments for leaving a union do n't apply to scotland !, 
  yes , there would probably have to be a majority of the stormont assembly in favour of the poll before it can happen . 
  what 's happened since brexit is that for the first time in northern irelands history the british unionists lost their political majority . 
  if the uk goes into serious recession because of brexit then i could see support for the end to partition growing . 
  you ca n't force people to stay either . 
  and only the deluded will believe they 'll stay peacefully . 
  you only have to look at the 11th bonfires . 
  unless i 'm mistaken uk meps can only vote on current eu issues but not on new funding matters that go beyond march 2019 . 
  legally they would be acting to politically aid the uk against eu interests . 
  yes , there 's no doubt that the uks hostility towards it 's allies has strengthened peoples feeling of union . 
  there are many families and friendship now existing across eu borders and no one wants the kind of uncertainty and fear that another brexit would create . 
  who said forced ? 
  i meant relocation aid for those who wo n't want to live in a unpartitioned ireland . 
  it 'll be their choice to leave but it 'll be the uks responsibility to support their own citizens . 
  english leave voters would be happy not to have an eu land border . 
  they 're very quiet about northern ireland but scotland leaving freaks the shit out them . 
  it depends on the end result . 
  if partition was voted out then in reality britain 's only responsibility in ireland will be those who still identify as british in northern ireland . 
  britain might choose to offer a once off package for brits in northern ireland to either come home or stay in ireland . 
  i do imagine that there 's a significant percentage of the unionist population who would not accept a democratic end to partition and will probably need to be relocated to britain so their leaving may reduce the cost somewhat . 
   i dare say , our present situation is more akin to `` all against one '' . 
  is it really ? 
  since a50 was served the uk is a departing member rather than a full member . 
  you do n't see the eu having any supporting roll in the ni affairs . 
  so in your mind the uk should have zero problem replacing eu funding in that region . 
  which part of union does the anglo-american media not get ? 
  yes , please do . 
  at least the germans acknowledge their genocide . 
  industry suited to the 1960s , kinda of like cuban doctors trained to a past standard . 
  westminster signed off on not blocking irish reunification with the good friday agreement , that 's why the dup opposed it . 
  so was supporting and funding the good friday institutions an act of hostility ? 
  unleash the cattle boat fleet !, 
   the british do not want to lose their culture , values etc. 
  what , the culture of taking zero responsibility for the refugee crisis created by following yanks into destabilizing regional wars ? 
  material change on this scale does n't happens often , for many it 's a once in a lifetime event . 
  within the le pen vote what 's the main demographic ? 
  you do n't believe brexit is n't a material change in scotlands circumstances ? 
  she did say that before but also it was to be linked to the euro so it would n't lose value . 
  essentially that economic argument was nationalist tokenism . 
  brexit was cited by sturgeon as the material change since indyref1 that justifies another referendum . 
  i think it 's pointless repeatedly asking this question until the brexit terms are clear . 
  then people may feel very different . 
  the only thing war decides is who 's left . 
  how many people did the usa through its proxy wars kill who could n't even tell you the difference between communist and capitalist ? 
  look at what happened china under foreign capitalist imperialists . 
  look at the halving of irelands population in the 19th cen under the capitalist british empire . 
  communists were the resistance to capitalist slaughter . 
   also i have a sneaking suspicion that what you consider asset striping i consider return of investment . 
  empire fanboy . 
  which was funded by the nation the usa protects , saudi arabia . 
  sounds like the history of the usas destabilizing involvement with iraq . 
  do you know anything about the imperial asset stripping of asia ? 
  what about the imperial capitalists who asset stripped the region before ? 
  in truth for the people on the ground there really has n't been much to celebrate , it 's not like the usa intervention was any better than the soviets . 
   fighting communism was the right thing to do because where ever communists sized power they brought death on industrial scale but destabilizing an entire region which allows fundamentalists rise is ok because the usa does it ? 
  the usa armed and assisted the taliban against the soviets . 
   35-49 : macron 53 % vs le pen 47 % some horrible politics in the future . 
   ... who stated there is no such thing as french culture ... 
  is n't that opinion a typical french cultural perspective ? 
  if people are tiring of the whole muslim card then is le pen the high point of this in france and will people just chill out after the election ? 
  when i went backpacking in southeast i visited a mine clearing site in laos and was surprised to learn that the vast majority of mines laid in the 70s , something like 80 % , were bulgarian !, 
  plus brexit probably is accelerating the process too . 
  indeed . 
  but there is a high probability that regionally russian are arms very common . 
  it 's just a unverified assertion that russian arms were supplied directly by russia . 
  a neighbour was a blue helmet observer in kabul during the 80s and he 'd say the place was awash with arms from all over the world . 
  this whole brexit process is really tightening up the eu into positive collective action . 
  you 're probably right . 
  they could be russian arms but acquired indirectly . 
  i believe she and farage are recording a duet of something stupid . 
  well i believe that the second sunday in may has been used to mark an gorta mor for several years . 
  i think part of the problem is the shear scale of british brutality towards ireland under direct rule , our population halved !, 
  is there another nation in europe that suffered so in the 19th century ? 
  i 'm amazed that we do n't call an gorta mor genocide . 
  so the headline suggests that the bomb would somehow leave civilians unscathed . 
  why would it be reported that way ? 
  the assembly is probably a fairer representation of the conversations people really have about the subject when it 's not being emotively fought over during a referendum campaign . 
  political opinion catching up with public opinion . 
  or western scotland to be called irish !, 
  their gaelic is very easy to understand . 
  it 's hilarious when the most northerly point is in the republic !, 
  one persons opinion . 
  again with the hate . 
  can you not accept that there are people in this world , including many english who think that brexit is an enormous act of self harm ? 
   i think you have an inferiority complex about the uk , you 're jealous of british cultural and political relevance because ireland has absolutely none . 
  what a bitter british nationalist you are . 
  back up with the hate . 
  i have lots of english friends in ireland who feel the same way about brexit . 
  although having said that they 've all applies for their irish eu passports !, 
  because devalued brexit britain provides a cheaper cost of living for my euros . 
  not permanently , income in euros . 
  i 'm slumming it . 
  where i am at the moment in england you would n't know it was a thing either . 
  i constantly remind my english friends the date of georges day .
