  they would never get elected again . 
  syriza won a popularity vote after they crashed the greek the economy . 
  i think greece is the one with the problem conceptualising a voluntary monetary union . 
  how about a compromise , luxemburg takes on germanys portion of the bailout . 
  thank you , i gratefully accept this nobel prize for economics ... ... 
  best of luck breaking that good news to greece . 
  best of luck with your move . 
  i do n't want federation . 
  happy that each nation try at least to pull their own weight and not become a welfare dependency on their fellow members . 
  out for blood ? 
  they 're just not willing to throw good money after bad . 
  they and other eu members are already planning humanitarian aid for greece , at least they 're giving the welfare of the greek people more attention than syriza . 
  you ca n't write off the debt , just park it . 
  otherwise debtors would intentionally crash their economies to evade their commitments . 
  quiet now , no one suspects that all our irish pubs around the world are forward positions !, 
  we 're going to take over the world with hospitality . 
  imf deadline ? 
  agreed , announcing the referendum effectively ended negotiations days before the imf deadline . 
  upon being elected syriza actually reversed some of those reforms . 
  i do n't believe you 're interested in greece or germany and are only here for confrontation . 
  goodbye . 
  the european consensus is to provide humanitarian aid , the fact that that 's being openly discussed demonstrates how resigned most are to a grexit . 
  syriza 's mandate was to renegotiate the debt which at the time was not part of the existing bailout agreement . 
  they stuck to their mandate and rather than break that they put it again to referendum which upheld their mandate of debt write down . 
  they 're effectively snookered , which is why we 're heading for a grexit . 
  european governments supported by their democratic mandates know that it 's cheaper to park greece 's debt than to add more to it . 
  greece 's credibility is shot and while it may still be an eu member it will be in name only , it 's practical status being that of an ascension country . 
  they 're on their third bailout and now you think now greece can be serious in their considerations . 
  what were they before , slightly amused ? 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  germany did n't budge because syriza won a mandate to negotiate a debt writedown which was not part of the existing bailout . 
  they could refuse but never dictate the terms of their bailout . 
  they could demand but not force another sovereign to bail them out on their terms . 
  germany is not alone is not wanting to sustain this charade any longer . 
  greece is free to remain unreformed and it will have to figure out how to sustain it on its own funds . 
  the greek government of the last six months have crashed the negotiations . 
  unlike the us the eu is a voluntary union and no one can force greece to reform , so accepting that sustainable reform is unlikely germany and other member states do n't see any point in funding the charade any longer . 
  however everyone is agreed on the need for transitional humanitarian assistance for greece . 
  syriza can rule greece for the next 50 years like cuba if the people of greece give them the mandate but the eu does not have to fund it . 
  the biggest problem facing any itinerant culture is that their historical economic means of survival disappear as countries industrialise . 
  a lot of traditional jobs previously done by nomadic cultures are substituted by crime and begging . 
  i can still remember traditional travelers arriving to my grandmothers at the same time every summer to fix things in the local neighbourhood , they 'd stay a few weeks and then they 'd move on elsewhere for more work . 
  they were well liked and my granny would get anxious he they were late arriving . 
  that way of life is gone now and those travelers are slowly settling . 
  there are plenty of threads about banking and politics already . 
   how can i as a citizen change all these things i 've got to be honest and say that maybe a person of your perception may actually better themselves by moving elsewhere in the eu or even further afield . 
  if you 're not hopeful for your life in the near future in greece then maybe it 's time to consider a change . 
  there 's no shame in it , i 've emigrated twice when the economic situation in ireland was dire and both professionally and personally those experiences really benefited me . 
  we all want greece to prosper but the eu is a voluntary club and no one state can be forced to enact sustainable reform . 
  syriza feels like a student union body got to have a go at running a country and they spent more time arguing about how a country should be run than actually facing the problems needing attention . 
  greece 's problem predates the euro . 
  it could also mean is that there 's no viable political alternative to grexit so therefore nothing to discuss . 
  the same problems would arise today , major blocks stating they wo n't get another bailout through their parliaments . 
  there is a general consensus for a transitional humanitarian package which has broader approval than a bailout . 
  it 's not that anyone is conceding , it 's just that there 's no possible political eu solution to greece 's domestic imbalances . 
  i 've switched to o'haras stout , lovely stuff . 
  from i 'd see of the referendum coverage there did seem to be very strong misinformation form both sides . 
  in ireland we have a referendum commission that oversees coverage of the vote ; all public broadcasting and advertising must cover both sides with equal airing time and the commission publishes it 's own legal guide to each referendum . 
  it would be impossible to launch a referendum with a weeks notice without breaking these statutory rules so you may appreciate that from here the greek referendum seemed chaotic and rushed in comparison . 
  thanks for your perspective . 
  i find it interesting that people were only vaguely aware that their country had entered an imf bailout programme , when it happened in ireland there was no escaping the fact . 
  it makes me wonder if greek is extremely ill served by your media . 
  i blame the mexicans . 
  do n't have a shitfit mate . 
  how many times must the eu bailout greece before it is n't considered prejudiced ? 
  syriza brought the dirty nappy to the party , they 're getting the hose now because everyone is tired of syriza slinging their shit . 
  the eu has packed a bag for greece but after sunday no more sweets or sugary drinks . 
  i 'm not the only one to cite an immature greece , `` we need more adults in the room '' sound familiar ? 
  now tsipras has a more austere package than the one he walked away from when he called the referendum . 
  that 's stroppy childish stuff . 
  there 'll be other crisis in the future but ignoring greece any longer would be making a bad situation worse . 
  everyone is a victim of grexit , all the nation who lent them money lose out more than others . 
  each maltese will be owed $ 1300 , germans $ 800 , etc. . now if every country expected a debt write down the eu would bankrupt itself . 
  quarantining greece is saving europe . 
  it 's ugly but so is changing babies nappies after they shit themselves . 
  and the fact that greece is a former colony is more reason it should n't be allowed to act like a vassal state . 
  current prices do n't support the cost of extraction , saudi have knocked the usa out of competition by increasing output . 
  just because it 's there does n't mean it 's free . 
  i agree but i 'm afraid that 's how the world works . 
  the union is the better alternative to the competitive european colonialism that preceded it . 
  coming from a former colony of a european power i 'm happy that eu states retain their political sovereignty , as painful as it seems if greece needs to step out of the eu then that is their prerogative and other states can follow if they need to . 
  on the whole the message is reaffirmed , eu states get out of the union what they put in but if it is n't working then they can step out . 
  greece leaving does n't mean they ca n't reenter at a later stage when they 've cast off their magic money tree politics . 
  i 'm wondering why you 're disillusioned by the eu calling greece 's bluff . 
  i think this whole episode has been very positive for the eu , it has shown that no one nation will be allowed to become entirely dependent on the rest . 
  it 's really sad to see a long time member of the union flounder so badly and i support humanitarian aid once syriza has totally crashed the economy . 
  it 's mad to think that a year ago greek 5yr bonds that were at 5 % are now over 35 % . 
   specific : clearly defined or identified, 
  why specifically ? 
  that request went down like a led zeppelin . 
  you take pride in a coincidence of birth ? 
  surely pride is what you feel for own achievements . 
  it 's the trend that matters . 
  in greece 's vase the military will probably have to be called in if there `` s social meltdown after grexit . 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  i 've done my national duty of pretending to know a language i do n't know . 
  more players , yipee, 
  so later tonight tsipras will call a referendum in a weeks time to decide on acceptance of a package that had to be agreed the previous sunday . 
  what could go wrong , it 's democracy after all . 
  the compulsory enforcement of irish in schools was more to do with politics than education , few care how it 's taught but many care that it is taught .
