  google it . 
  how else does a dog learn not to shit the carpet unless it has its nose stuck in it ? 
  actually irelands total trade with the eu is less then the uks 48 % trade with the eu !, 
  we actually import more from the uk than we export . 
  the uk now accounts for about ( 17 % ) of irish total exports ; the other eu26 ( 39 % ) ; the us ( 18 % ) ; rest of world ( 26 % ) . 
  and your fields and fields and fields of opportunity to pick from . 
  sigh . 
  yes , we can only envy your sovereignty . 
  well the uk seems to be doing a very good job of heading back to the past . 
  i do n't know why you still have st patricks cross in your union jack . 
  if you did n't give a shit it would n't be there . 
  it really is desperate . 
  i must look up that nun you mentioned the next time i 'm in manchester and see about donations . 
  it 's been a century and we do n't . 
  it 's time you moved on and took st particks cross out of the union jack although if you wanted until scotland leaves the english would suffice then . 
  it just occurred to me how if the uk flag had been properly amended to exclude st patrick 's cross it would be the reverse of the norwegian flag . 
  glad to hear . 
  even if tourism does n't lift all boats it does create opportunity that may not have existed before . 
   well northern english people are n't . 
  they just voted themselves poorer by leaving the eu , whether they knew that or not . 
  but they keep voting for more poverty , i do n't get it . 
  yeah , i was really shocked by what i 've seen recently visiting manchester . 
  i thought dublin was bad and i 've worked with homeless shelters before but the uk is worse . 
  i was used to lots of substance abusers but on the streets of manchester a lot of homeless seem like people not long kicked out of their homes . 
  it 's scary . 
  i must admit i know little about politics in that part of europe although i do hope to travel there more in the future . 
  are you joking ? 
  the uk voters persistently vote in governments that increase inequality . 
  see plenty of that in the uk . 
  multinational complains about multinational opening next door . 
  but not the opt out they want !, 
  its hard brexit all the way without lube . 
  no , the tragedy is he did n't expect to win !, 
  se\u00f1or , it is eurotrash !!!!!, 
  in fairness an irish wolfhound is way more intimidating than a bulldog !, 
  and they 'll be illegal after brexit !, 
  i 'm wearing a tuxedo , that helps right ? 
  you have to be listening to shitty porno music to get the full effect . 
  that 's brilliant !, 
  jesus , what 's happening , are we doing the work in the uk that they 're running away from in ireland ? 
  hey veradkar , get them working !, 
  life 's great when you 're the boss !, 
  hey , we 've got to get with the new reality . 
  the uk is going to take brexit hard and with no lube . 
  yeah , i 'll scan their passports , birth certs , etc and send them on to you . 
  no , brits , from britain . 
  i 've loads of british friends , a lot came over during the building boom , many settled , married in and are happy out . 
  as proportion of the live register there 's more unemployed brits in ireland . 
  it ' seems they did n't fancy the `` working poor '' scheme you run . 
  the economy is being driven by politics . 
  i do n't have faith in the politics . 
  may is not leading the country , she 's following a mandate she did n't seek . 
  wishing the uk economy well is like chucking coins in a fountain . 
  i see real problems ahead but ca n't tell if they 're a couple of years away or six months . 
  i 've got uk interests , the sterling collapse has been a huge bonus but that will only last so long so timing is important . 
  well the currency is now a hostage to politics but i do wonder how traders will play this . 
  once reserve currency status is lost that mean a huge dumping of sterling , real shit the bed kind of stuff . 
  getting the timing wrong is extremely risky . 
  this is one of those black swans . 
  actually we 've been trying to get the brits to leave altogether for years !, 
  we 're non gender since the marriage referendum !, 
  let 's goooo nixt dore for a kebab . 
  nah , you 'd probably pull the irish girl but you 'll never be able hide from her again , for the reeeeeeeeeest of the your life !, 
  you 're right about that . 
  northern ireland exports a huge amount of fresh produce into the republic , i wo n't be surprised if local producers ask for emergency fund until uk produce loses its free market access . 
  should n't that money go to the nhs rather a foreign company ? 
  there 'll be a queue forming behind nissan , ca n't see it being politically acceptable in the long run . 
  well the eu ca n't let the sterling devaluation undermine its producers for ever . 
  although by then import inflation will probably have eaten up that advantage . 
  and in march 2019 the uk will face eu tariffs . 
  although it is nice of may to subsidize the cost of said tariff for nissan . 
  i sure there 's a queue forming for their slice . 
  maybe the uk should go join central america . 
  hey , once the uk leaves the eu it is in competition with the bloc . 
  the bloc will protect its members and the uk will look out for itself . 
  i do n't see a problem . 
  does it actually work as an incentive ? 
  do n't have an argument , attack where the poster is from . 
  a carve out , that 's interesting . 
  like a special economic zone in north korea where the produce and profits go abroad and the local have a factory to go to . 
  eu will recoup in tariffs . 
   what 's the biggest active volcano in europe ? 
  currently the uk . 
  the backup currency is already printed and sitting in warehouse in southern switzerland . 
  could be used for the uk either . 
  it 's amazing how disproportionate fishing can become in debating the whole economy , the primal territorial ape brain takes over . 
  well there 's still a rather large left hand drive global market , india , japan , thailand , malaysia , indonesia , south and east africa so it 's not like bmw is going to lose demand . 
  so are the uk , sending in bombing missions but then vilifying refugees from the same war zone who try to make it to the uk . 
  i wo n't be surprised of the jap secondhand import trade takes off again , that 's where new zealand get most of its motors . 
  uk votes to leave trade bloc . 
  trade block says `` goodbye '' , leavers accuse trade block of being tough . 
  posturing ? 
  it was britain who pushed strongest for sanctions against russia !, 
  you 're on your own there buddy . 
  with increased cost of living all car sales will bit . 
  besides , ask your friends how many actual realize mini is now made by bmw . 
  please remove st patricks from your union jack , northern irelands flag is different . 
  if you want generalizations then pick up the daily express . 
   after that we should avoid antagonising them ( it might even annoy them more ) . 
  merely existing antagonizes the brexiteers .
