  those academics at least concede that had the famine happened in britain there would have been a response from government . 
  but britain 's attitude to ireland was let them starve . 
  come to ireland and tell us to our faces that that 's acceptable . 
  do come , i 'll organise an event so you can tell us how this was acceptable . 
  edit to add . 
  how can you absolve a government that denied irish self rule but instead allowed irish corn to be exported at times of privation . 
  if that happened people would be calling it genocide and worse . 
  at least this one is easy to spell and pronounceable which makes it easy for me to curse at if it fucks up air travel !, 
  if the leave campaign loses will boris go back to his previous campaign of trying to get turkey into the eu ? 
  mainstream apologist historians or pricks like you . 
  hey fuckwit , would you come to ireland and lecture people here on how the famine was n't a british policy . 
  explain how irish corn left ireland while people starved . 
  go on fuckwit . 
  you 'll find plenty of british pricks who ca n't accept what they did in ireland , it would make them look worse than the nazis . 
   also who does enjoy it being harder to travel ? 
  people who do n't travel and who do n't like immigrants . 
  the british depopulation policies in ireland saw the population decline further to 4m , a halving in less than half a century . 
  that 's why it took a century after independence before a british monarch could visit ireland again . 
  the union jack is just another swastika . 
  nah , the natives are popping out the sprogs at a good rate too . 
  nothing else to during that recession . 
  for what its worth ireland will still be below its 1840 population by 2050 !, 
  how many of those muslims will have become secularist by then too ? 
  they seem to be monthly events in the us . 
   i really hope that the u.s. does n't leave the eu i would have heard of the mass shootings by now if the us was in the eu . 
  i 've been around the world twice and i 'm not rich . 
  you do n't have to be rich to use budget airlines . 
  two things stood out for me . 
  they like the freedom of traveling through europe without the redtape . 
  their little clip was far more humorous , entertaining and informative than the new top gear so far . 
  you 're about people fleeing poverty , i 'm hearing more british accents in irish menial jobs . 
  i just hope they do n't bring their xenophobia with them . 
  consider this , a french or german would obviously cite the differences between them but they would n't have a problem being called european whereas a brit may take exception to the term . 
  yeah , we were three decades behind the uk in needing an imf bailout . 
  sorry about that . 
  go tell your loyal ulster unionists that on the 12th july . 
  regional uk has benefited from eu funds , northern ireland being the most dependent . 
  well denmark is tied to the euro and you can use the euro in sweden to pay public bills !, 
  west cork is a beautiful part of the world though , hopefully going for a break there in july or august . 
  have another go at the darien scheme perhaps ? 
  might have a postal vote already sent . 
  does it worry you that the leave campaigns focus on money being wasted on europe might turn on ni after brexit ? 
  well the problem with being the only eu member with a currency not tied to the euro is that sterling devaluation only ever gives a superficial short term fix where other economies have to adapt to new leaner conditions . 
  since the uk dropped out of the erm its been losing competitiveness to its eu counterparts . 
  well from my recent travels in the uk the roads do seem to be disintegrating !, 
  even the most nationalist political party in ireland is pro-eu membership . 
  being nationalist does n't mean being anti-eu . 
  it 's probably truer to say that culturally the uk is defined by apartness from europe rather than its inclusion in it . 
  hey , the native population are the ones being intruded upon . 
  it 's your brits that go out of their way on their marches . 
  go back for the 12th, 
  you do realise there 's more peace walls now than during the troubles ? 
  the dup are brexiters who 'd love love to undermine the good friday agreement , michael gove is a staunch alley in that cause . 
  no it does n't . 
  one group impress a foreign rule on a native population . 
  the uvf armed themselves from germany in defiance of the home rule bill which had passed parliament and was signed off by the king . 
  they 're no different to the brexit terrorist who imported a manual on making weapons which in turn he used to kill an a member of parliament . 
  but the uk 's attitudes towards irish people is whenever they defend themselves against military rule they end up being called terrorists . 
  to many irish the union jack is no different to the swastika . 
  go to that part of the `` peaceful nation '' when the orange order intimidates the locals by burning effigies on giant bonfires and marches menacingly through native neighbourhoods . 
  i agree they were but campaigning is suspended . 
  currency movements after the terrorist attack suggest a boost for the remain camp , watch what happens when sunday evening when currency trading begins again for a clearer indication . 
  regardless of the polls , both sterling weakening and the combined bettings odds up to that point were showing gains for the leave campaign . 
  it has n't stops uk politicians making a career on it . 
  if that 's a defense then a quick perusal of british tabloids would have the entire nation quarantined by its neighbours . 
   technically eea states can veto any eu legislation as well , even though they functionally do n't due to the negative consequences . 
  that 's what i was referring to re : sovereignty . 
  effectively being an associate means having no say in the menu , just hope it 's something you like . 
  it was a political decision to opt out of the euro . 
  with one proviso , should they rejoin with the euro they have to stop blaming europe for all their domestic shortcomings . 
  many who voted against breaking with england did so in the understanding that the uk continue as a eu state . 
  scotland would join the eu for the same reason it joined with england in the first place , economic advantage . 
  no , you 'll have to accept all the trade deals with the eu that you had no hand in drafting being outside the eu club . 
  but if you 're happy with that then fair enough . 
  well their euro clash on thursday night was very uncontentious although i think poland played with greater passion . 
  for world cup holders germany looked very ordinary . 
  imagine one us state leaving the union . 
   you get the situation where construction workers from poland end up working in ireland and spain , while local workers are unemployed . 
  in ireland polish and uk workers came when there was a labour shortage during the building bubble . 
  when the bubble burst both irish and immigrant construction workers were equally hard hit . 
  as we are a nation that 's used to emigration the irish were actually less likely to wait around on the dole and instead headed off for work elsewhere and are now returning as work picks up . 
  i have both polish and english friends who toughed it out on the dole during the recession . 
  they 're both members of the schengen zone , the uk is n't . 
  you did n't notice their name is fantasy_master !, 
   its basically a shot into their own knee ?!, 
  that 's basically brexit . 
  it 's a shared currency , not a national one . 
  no iconology on the notes is better . 
  if you consider northern ireland an overseas territory it 's still considered part of the eu . 
  gender of the victim is n't the issue . 
  my grand father fought the british for irish independence , like the 13 colonies had in north america . 
  does that make it terrorism ? 
  its hard to believe it has nothing to do with the vote . 
  what the fuck does that mean ? 
  again you do n't appreciate the regional dynamics . 
  north spain does much better than south and ireland has halved its unemployment since 2012 , including returning emigrants who left after property bubble . 
  german settings are n't replicated throughout the eurozone but you would n't understand being outside it and viewing it as one economy . 
  shocking . 
   he clearly has a superficial understanding of eu decision-making at best and his claim that the uk has been '' a disgruntled bystander '' is just flat out wrong . 
  but the uk is n't a full member either .
