  would n't leaving the eu mean that those funds would have to be repatriated into a rapidly devaluing drachma ? 
  one proviso though . 
  what happens when drachma 's hit the atms . 
  the narrative still seems to hold that a no vote means they still get to renegotiate the terms of their debt , not that it could mean ejection form the eurozone . 
  when it dawns on the masses that things like free movement and access to the eu job market will be curtailed then shit will start to get real . 
  short term , probable fall but in the long term the euro will probably strengthen on the back of a grexit . 
  it 's a win win for him unless greece votes yes . 
  indications suggest that it 's a no . 
  a no will see him as greece 's saviour , a chavez . 
  he successfully projected greece 's preexisting social inequalities as europe 's creation . 
  after a grexit the inequalities will persist but like his rebranding of the troika as `` the institutions '' these inequalities will be eradicated by rebranding . 
  yeah like greece is actually bailing the uk out . 
  i do have experience and contacts built up over decades so i 'm not starting from scratch . 
  actually concentrating more on trying to develop my own small business ideas . 
  it feels like the early 90s again , lots of potential . 
  it ca n't stay in the ez or eu . 
  the eu is a cooperative effort , not a federation so there 's no place for a non cooperating member . 
  creditors can chase greece for payments after default . 
  they defaulted on the latin monetary league just over a hundreds years ago . 
  however they were let back in two years later after they had learned their lesson . 
  the coverage is as one-sided as the payment flows , north to south . 
  yes , greece needs a currency that it can print at whim . 
  however it wo n't solve greece 's structural and social problems . 
  immediate broder controls . 
  fines and deportations from the eu back to greece for anyone carrying unlicensed euro . 
  syriza would n't do it ... ... but then again ... ... 
  well did n't some greek think tank state that all greek debt was odious so therefore did n't have to be repaid ? 
  i have a feeling the average greek will lose a lot more through a drachma conversion than a bail in . 
  any greeks with big savings could have sent their wealth out of greece knowing what happened in cyprus . 
  it 's tells you something when greeks consider italy a safe haven . 
  because it show up all those who say that greece 's problem is the currency it 's using . 
  greece 's problem is that regardless of what currency it uses it ca n't afford the lifestyle it thinks it deserves . 
  but i respect democracy and the choices of the greek people . 
  to do otherwise would be undemocratic . 
  seven years ? 
  irish bailout was 2010 . 
  i emigrated in 2011 , came back this year , massive improvement . 
  lots of work around , some sectors doing very well . 
  mood is greatly improved . 
  wages are n't like the bubble years but they were n't sustainable anyway . 
  actual that makes greece look worse . 
  markets do n't think so , bond yields actually dropped on contagion candidates this morning . 
  we can interfere with the sovereign electorates . 
  i do n't agree with their government but i respect its their government even if it leads them out of the eu . 
  it 's for uk consumption . 
  a forced conversion of savings from euro to drachma is theft . 
  the value of the former being lost by the devaluation of the latter . 
   dude whatever the hell are you talking about ? 
  greece was one of the `` wealthiest '' eastern europe countries eastern bloc was the term used for warsaw pact countries under soviet influence . 
  greece was in the western sphere of influence . 
  as for the greek homelessness just read up about how it dealt with the homeless during their olympics . 
  the point i 'm making is that greece has huge social iniquities that ca n't be blamed on fellow eu members . 
  we do n't blame greece for the homeless in ireland , that 's our problem that we have responsibility for . 
  most worrying about greece is that nearly every former eastern bloc country has passed out greece since they joined the eu . 
  why has greece stagnated over decades ? 
  greece will show it 's poverty when it wants to blame someone else but it will go to great lengths to hide it when [ showing off ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/aug/11/athensolympics2004.sport ) . 
  so what the score with sweden , do they have to eventually adopt the euro ? 
  maybe you should lend your magic money tree to greece . 
  the two opt outs were before the euro and do n't cost other eu states . 
  if denmark and the uk are n't happy to be even associated with the indefensible then they can leave the eu . 
  norway and switzerland seem to do fine without it . 
  like syriza !, 
  it 's different when you take a personal hit . 
  i think finland , germany and french citizens take a personal hit of around $ 800 per head in a greek default . 
  but it 's true !, 
  the last control was lifted [ april 7 !, 
  ] ( https://euobserver.com/economic/128244 ), 
  regardless of what happens in the coming weeks i intend to get to greece for a holiday sometime . 
  will try to take in corfu . 
  cyprus had capital controls which have now been lifted and they 're still in the eu . 
  i 've budgeted on $ 30 a day including rent for years . 
  the rest i save . 
  $ 60 is n't good alright for big bills but then this being such a big week i do not think the average greek is worried about the odd bill . 
  britain and sweden negotiated an opt out which after then no longer existed . 
  from then on all new members would have to eventually adopt the euro . 
  it is part and parcel of membership . 
  you ca n't be half pregnant . 
  actually uk companies and financials have already started making alternative arrangement to stay in the euro . 
  what the uk loses others can pick up . 
  a euro exit is a complete reset with the eu . 
  it 's a union of democratic liberal states and neither greece or the uk can impose their will on that collaborative endeavor . 
  it 's a union of compromise . 
  however scotland may opt out of the uk and in time regions of england may follow suit . 
  edit to add : i can understand that britain 's old instinct to dictate can make the eu had to accept if it means compromise . 
  not really , we 've had 7 years of drama with greece . 
  greece ca n't dictate an eu to suit them like they did in past when they threatened to veto portugal 's membership of the eec until they got a payoff . 
  the euro is one of many shared conventions and if they are not be trusted with it then how can any other member trust greece on it 's implementations of other agreements . 
  some countries negotiated opt outs from the euro but all recent new members have to converge towards the euro . 
  greece ca n't dictate the eu to their liking . 
  but he 's got magic beans !, 
  you know they say , if you can see the bandwagon you 're too late !, 
  if been expected to live within your means feeling bullied then greece needs to detach itself from the big bad eu bullies and then they can use their own currency of which they can print as much as they want without anyone bullying them with silly things like limits and accountability . 
  iceland has a functioning balanced tax system . 
  they probably have their atms preloaded and ready to go with drachma . 
  i should invest in ink companies . 
  any small country that feels bullied by the eu can leave under article 50 of the treaty of european union . 
  i do n't want greece staying if union does not work for them , same applies for the uk . 
  syriza ask for extension of funding programme until the referendum in which syriza is asking people to vote against the funding programme that they 're asking to be extended until the referendum in which syriza is asking people to vote against the funding programme that they 're asking to be extended until the referendum in which ... . . 
  it 's like the beach ball symbol is spinning over greece until the electricity cuts out on tuesday . 
  they are n't allowed to play with other peoples money and will have to print their own magic money with which every greek will be able to retire on at 50 , in fact work will be outlawed as odious and oppressive and they 'll vote that the world owes them their living and to refuse would be undemocratic .
