  once the barriers are down then it 's every provider for themselves . 
  once one provider starts dipping into anothers territory then it will be game on . 
  i 've got a uk bank acc based off my irish address so i see no reason the telecoms ca n't do the same . 
  multinational employment did n't increase much during the bubble years , it really was a credit driven boom independent of the foreign investment that had already been in existence since the 70s . 
  it was a failure of domestic regulation . 
  well unemployment was at 4 % around 2000 but most associate the good times as post 2002 and when the credit binge really took off . 
  the full name when including britain is the emerald isles although much of britain is too grim to truly warrant that the title . 
  yeah , luckily you just recorded the same wage growth as greece . 
  that 's what happens when you 're in an open market with the depreciable currency that means it 's easier to devalue than compete . 
  it 's not going to be any easier outside the eu . 
  if you 're a trump voter he 's been performing well so far but in reality there 's only so long the world can not take him seriously for . 
  but the narrative is that the eu is weak and does n't work . 
  i know . 
  russia needs us to buy their fuels but i do think under trump the usa will face serious domestic upheavals . 
  i envisage a major city siege there . 
  the biggest threat imo is misinformation . 
  putin needs us to buy oil , china need our engineering and for us to buy their finished goods and the usa is a bigger threat to itself under trump . 
  china is actually our greatest ally at the moment . 
  what threat ? 
  being a voluntary union provides enough checks and balances . 
  well i remember blair pushing them . 
  i think it was blairs attempt to warm the uk back up to the single market . 
  dropping out of the erm was sold by the tories as a smart move even though it has meant currency depreciation as a substitute for competitive productivity . 
   like any agreement , it can be redrawn . 
  the cta is not and never has been an agreement . 
  it 's an ad hoc arrangement , nothing more . 
  the uk rescinded it before without consulting ireland so no real loss there . 
  on the eu workers rights there 's no restrictions on hiring people from outside the eu but eu citizens ca n't be discriminated against in favour of non-eu applicants . 
  i have no doubt there will be applicants from the uk who will successfully fill roles in the eu after the uk has left but they will be drawn from a secondary list . 
  amazon warehouse already in northern ireland so very likely . 
  what 's stopping the eu from trading with the uk as it currently does with nations outside the bloc ? 
  no agreement is required for irish in the uk under the 1949 westminster act . 
  the cta is a non binding arrangement and not a legal agreement like many in the uk believe . 
  ireland is constitutionally bound to uphold the eu laws and that means reciprocating whatever job market restrictions the uk puts on eu citizens . 
  the republic of ireland is a member of the club that the uk is leaving . 
  it is the uk who is making restricted access happen . 
  the cta has nothing to do with residency rights , they 're covered under individual separate laws in both nations . 
  only brits eligible for irish passports will have permit free access to the irelands eu job market . 
  freedom of movement under the cta wo n't be curtailed but you will need a work visa to enter the job market . 
  you understand now ? 
  to iterate , under current domestic laws in both states residency rights are granted and unchanged by brexit . 
  brits can move to ireland to live and access the health and retirement services under a reciprocal agreement . 
  however for the irish job market , brits will require an eu work permit . 
   we will compete on a level playing field . 
  what level playing field ? 
  brits wo n't have free access to the eu job market . 
  employers will be liable to fill vacancies with suitable eu candidates before applying for non-eu work visas . 
  i do n't understand which part of not having free access to the eu job market after brexit you ca n't grasp . 
   yes we all know brexit happened because of uncontrolled immigration of unskilled migrants to the uk that logic defeats your argument . 
  anti immigrant nation with depreciating currency will put off business . 
  they could just pay their workers less to compensate for any tariffs . 
  i do n't see how . 
  i see a perfectly suitable eu citizen being passed over in favour of a non eu brit then i take the case to the employment tribunal . 
  eu job market means eu job market . 
  irish employers can bring in non-eu workers under the current visa schemes but they 're always liable to the eu restrictions . 
  the brits i work with in ireland know this and they 've all started their citizenship paperwork . 
  the week after brexit i got a load of linked requests from the uk who all prefaced their eligibility for irish citizenship . 
   we may in for a return of a requirement to be self-sufficient when moving to roi but i do n't think anyone would have a problem with that . 
  you 're absolutely right , there 'll be no restriction to residency rights under the preexisting 1935 free state act and the eu citizens will have preference over brits and other non-eu job seekers . 
  yes but the irish government could be taken to court if eu citizens were n't being prioritized in the job market . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/brexit/brexit-news/common-british-irish-travel-area-can-survive-brexit-1.2879266 ) explains the new post brexit precedents better . 
  as you can see the cta arrangement for free travel would remain but brits would be excluded from the eu freedoms . 
  well anything non a50 related can be discussed but apart from the existing reciprocal welfare provisions i ca n't think of much else that does n't affect . 
  do n't like bullshit posters being outed ? 
  considering it took a century for a british monarch to be able to visit the republic i would posit that relations are only recently cordial . 
  however once brexit is started formal anglo-irish relations will be via brussels until the process is complete . 
  remember tony blairs four tests ? 
  it will be fantastic . 
  you and trump can spoon . 
  he did n't halve europe 's population like you brits halved irelands . 
  well then you smarties are better off on your own . 
  if that 's true then how come the right to work in each country happened when the cta was suspended during the war and the decade after ? 
  you had free trade . 
  do you believe the cta covers the right to work ? 
  there you 're mistaken . 
  we all know that we in the eu are being used as a scapegoat by successive british governments to cover their failings . 
  will happen . 
  brits will still have residency right under pre-eu domestic laws but until they attain eu citizenship they wo n't have free access to ireland 's job market . 
  its hilarious how brits keep thinking that nations protecting their own interests is an act of vengeance . 
  its like after cancelling their subscription they still expect to dine at the club for free . 
  its what the people voted for . 
  while you are correct about the legal status , are irish not counted in the census as such ? 
  well after brexit ireland 's eu job market will be closed off to brits so i 'd imagine that will change . 
  for fuck sake , they just put a bomb under the gfa that puts our current problems in a ha ` penny place . 
  you believe the country that produced the twin tower attacks is stable ? 
  trump does . 
   since the eu basically does not have borders with a country in war , i do not believe there are any refugees in the sense of the human rights convention in europe . 
  belief without facts is fantasy . 
  are you equating refugees with migrants ? 
  i 've been a migrant a few times , i 'm living abroad again at the moment but no one considers me a refugee . 
  how does you differentiate between the two or are they the same thing for you ? 
  economic migration is different to religious persecution as trump is doing . 
  are you joking ? 
  we 'd be celebrating for years if britain dissolved . 
  tanks ? 
  how about just not making iphones for them , there 'd be meltdown !, 
  if he 's sincere then he should n't fly a colonialist flair that still incorrectly includes st patrick 's cross !, 
  he flies a butchers apron flair and then tries to make out some sort of defence based on having cousins in ireland . 
  i have relations in the uk but i do n't use them as validation for my own outlook . 
  he thinks irish = catholic .
