   i wonder if the uk will continue to veto eu military cooperation even after triggering art . 
  section 4  for the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3 , the member of the european council or of the council representing the withdrawing member state shall not participate in the discussions of the european council or council or in decisions concerning it . 
  i doubt the uk can realistically be included while a50 is happening but after it 's concluded it can negotiate some association with whatever the eu designs . 
   not going to argue over geography . 
  well i ca n't as i know little or nothing about wells in the british isles . 
  i 'm only familiar with ireland . 
  i could n't tell you about the british isles but over in ireland it 's very common . 
  christianity subsumed cultures where ever it went , in ireland many pre-christian sites and holy places were consecrated as christians and given new narratives . 
   current largest manufacturing site nothing is moving , just is n't going to upgrade for electric car production . 
  mad fookin craic altogether !, 
  really ? 
  i do n't know anything about the masons , any examples ? 
  aspects of the cult were subsumed by christianity like the blood sharing . 
   they wo n't allow member states to have a race to the bottom approach to corporate tax . 
  irelands rate of 12.5 % is already agreed so that ca n't change , even northern ireland has reduced theirs to match . 
  what 's stopping greece from doing the same so ? 
  oh , come on . 
  at least up the game !, 
  better that greece leave sooner so . 
  but greece has been saying that the eu is impoverishing it . 
  surely the right thing is to let greece go so it can prosper again , maybe in a union with turkey . 
  they seem to have a lot of similarities already . 
   they should build them in greece . 
  greece might not be in the eu in a few years . 
  better moving production to committed member states . 
  the currency movement was late sunday night and probably has more to do with asian trading than any of the brexit drama . 
  the next big brexit related movement will be when a50 is actually started . 
  it 's alright , i can see the material poverty every day around me in england . 
  that 's poverty defined by a higher base standard . 
  ian paisley called himself a proud irish man so i doubt offense will be taken by the most rabid lumpa . 
  before brexit successive british administrations had been peddling their failings off as being the eu 's fault . 
  its as much a catastrophe for them now that they have to deliver built up expectations after brexit when the eu is no longer a convenient whipping boy . 
  it 's been decades since i was in school but some things stay with you . 
  like the prefix rath with appears around the island , rath being an old name for fort so rathmore meant bigfort . 
  the old names remind us of what was stolen . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  the loss of irish is pretty much a marker of the british genocidal rule that saw people dropping the language just to have a hope of surviving after the great starvations of the 1840s . 
  alternatively treating people like second citizens turned a load of uk citizens against the regime . 
  totally agree . 
  work with loads of polish and other nationalities . 
  polish , estonians and others have been a great boon to irish basketball too . 
  but the poster was n't promoting the things you mentioned . 
  you projected onto them your criticism of their country without first ascertaining if they felt the same way . 
  that was rude . 
  that does n't make their points invalid . 
  if you accept russias actions then you have no reason to criticise israel . 
   i would rather slam my head into a wall to be honest that 's brexit !, 
   although ill walk it back a bit , it 's not full collaboration but it 's certainly not full neutrality in irelands exhausted state it mattered not what the world did with itself . 
  you brits had dispossessed , starved and scattered like the jew . 
  us irish owe you nothing or anyone for that . 
  so do n't confuse superficials for affinity . 
  then where 's all the nazi collaborator nonsense coming from ? 
  if anything histories agree that ireland was neutral in the uks favour . 
  flip , british airmen could walk out of the curragh camp and walk back across the border into the uk . 
  german airmen obviously could n't rejoin their side as easily but they were treated the same in detention . 
   there is absolutely a moral duty to stop a genocidal regime from taking over . 
  so we were morally right to rebel against britain when irish grain was being shipped away while people were being starved to death . 
  we were morally right to fight british rule . 
  and we were morally right not to rake sides with either the british or german genocidal regime . 
  you 're a nazi as far as i 'm concerned . 
  the germans ackonwledge their past . 
  you do n't . 
  what 's your problem with us being non-aligned in wwii ? 
  you ca n't see that to ireland you brits are no different to the nazis . 
  but you ca n't accept that . 
  our history is that in 19th century under direct british rule our population was halved . 
  but that was only the final cumulative event after centuries of dispossession , starvation and eventually the dispersal of a people escaping being starved to death whilst their stolen land provided food for the british market . 
  i do n't care what you think we did in wwii . 
  it does n't matter to us because at the end of the day the germans are n't in denial about their history whereas you are about yours . 
  you 're a genocide denier . 
  going home for a top up of the auld madness soon , ca n't wait . 
  great cat . 
   i 've never met an irish person from the north that 's because your nazi brethren failed to exterminate them all . 
   yes because serfs had no will and were essentially property to russian overlords . 
  they could starve them , kill them , sell them , etc.they were also tied to the land legally . 
  ireland under penal laws were serfs . 
  it is entirely in keeping for a brit to not acknowledge the genocide it created . 
  oh , so being a surf is worse than being starved to death ? 
  you would say that as a surf yourself . 
  make poitin out of them too !, 
   what we did in ireland is no exception , this does n't excuse costing up to the nazis your ulster loyalist brethren were the ones who were cosy with the german , after they were into subjugation of a religious minority too . 
  starving a captive nation not oppressive ? 
  go back to your harry potter books . 
  maintaining an oppressive empire over many for the benefit of the few . 
  by your logic you 'd hold my grandfather as a hero for rising against an occupying force . 
   if you ca n't see the difference between a policy to exterminate entire races of people and a horrific famine caused by mismanagement and capitalist greed then theirs no hope for you . 
  there was no famine . 
  there was enough food on the island to feed the populace but it was the policies of privation under direct rule from london that created the mass starvation and mass clearing of the native populace from their own homeland . 
  the brits had turned ireland into a concentration camp where the workhouse would set you free of life . 
  i agree but it ca n't be ignored that funding in some unsustainable areas funding can be merely transitional and politically expedient . 
  it 's not exactly the roads to nowhere regional stimulus schemes that were common in japan in the 90s and are now largely unused . 
   one way or another , blood will be spilt if shit goes bad , and it 'll be largely people like you 's fault for it . 
  how am i at fault ? 
  i suppose you 'll blame the eu if brexit is a shitfest . 
   you 'd have to be an idiot to believe that , hitler would have invaded ireland and implemented a puppet government , we already had that in northern ireland with stormont government . 
   also glad to see you are perfectly happy with allowing genocide and ethnic cleansing of millions of people , it was a shameful act of cowardnece . 
  we were a greatly diminished people already after the genocidal british rule that had halved the islands native population in the previous century so nazis and brits were interchangeable . 
  you mean cannon fodder for the british empire that had halved irelands population under direct rule in the previous century ? 
  if the nazis had won it made no difference to a nation who was only a third of its former self . 
   no , and if a foreign country urged political groups in the north to secede & guranteed future support if they did during the height of the troubles , they would n't be causing the confrontation either .
