  ireland we just double our alcohol intake , pretend to really enjoy meeting relatives . 
  it feels more like an endurance trial really . 
  fuck it , i 'm getting out of here next year if i can . 
  there 's plenty of germans and polish to take their place . 
  this is not about emergency cover , the uk has plenty of arrangements with countries outside the eu for emergency care . 
  what i 'm talking about is being able to access the health system the same as they would the nhs . 
  not being able to do so would make residing in spain or any other eu country very costly . 
  i 'm not sure health insurance for retirees would be that affordable . 
  certainly it 's common for expats moved to places like thailand where medical expenses would be cheaper to begin with but accessing the health systems of eu countries would be more prohibitive . 
  i 've an aunt who 's thinking of moving from the us to the eu and what she was quoted as a us citizen for retiree health insurance ruled out the move . 
  she 's currently covered by the scheme from her old work place so she 'll have to stay put . 
  so the hundreds of thousands of brit retirees will flood back into britain once they 're no longer eu citizens and are n't entitled to access the public health systems of member countries . 
  europe is geographical . 
  the eu is an evolving common market for goods , services and labour . 
  ultimately it 's multicultural , multilingual ; its strength is its diversity , its weakness is its diversity . 
  what are you talking about , european countries once invaded and controlled nearly two thirds of the world !, 
  wow , state a fact , get downvoted to fuck . 
  if per capita includes fixed assets like property then it is n't really a good picture . 
  for example the south east of the uk has a enormous property bubble that inflates the entire uks wealth . 
  germany , which is n't experiencing any property inflation would be in an entirely different rank if judged by disposable income . 
  at the height of the property bubble in ireland we were second only to japan for wealth based on fixed assets per person . 
  you learn geography by military incursions ? 
  are these answers an extrapolation of geography school tests in the usa ? 
  it 's the usa who are saying he was unjustly detained and they clarified that with a cool million . 
  all those years of usa detention redicalised him towards revenge , what would you do in his situation ? 
  it 's interesting you mention that you 're from the baltic . 
  back in 2001 ireland rejected the nice treaty for various reasons including being flooded with eastern bloc refugees . 
  the media and public were negative towards the vote but in the postmortem the electorate acknowledged that a nation of 4 million people had blocked the entire population of eastern europe from joining the eu . 
  having been an extremely poor ex colony we knew how far we 'd improved since our second eu membership bid was accepted in 71 and so ireland passed the second referendum on nice which then allowed the baltic nations to join . 
  since then we 've gotten hard working migrants who have helped enrich irish society and we 're better for it . 
  in our history refugees from the irish famine were treated with great suspicion in the usa as being agents for catholicism , a prejudice [ addressed ] ( http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyid=16920600 ) by jf kennedy when he was seeking to become the first catholic president . 
  please elaborate with specifics . 
  media , when self funded , will spin any story to suit their core audience . 
  what would really help is if some european countries and the usa would stop electing war mongers . 
  the usa is most insulated from the consequences of its recent military misadventures and really i think eu leaders should be redistributing more syrian refugees off to meet their maker . 
  in fairness the current mass movement is caused by instability in the middleeast when a power vacuum left the usa was filled by religious nutbags funded by the great usa ally saudi arabia . 
  compared to the post war european refugee movements of the last century the current waves are actually very small but no less arduous for those undertaking them . 
  well when i say regionalism i mean it in a national context . 
  i do believe that england is deprived of a voice within the uk but with a national parliament with a pr system like northern ireland and the republic it would have a far more responsive involvement from the regions that currently fell neglected . 
  politics would become less partizan with the need for consensus coalition governments . 
  its a pity ireland is n't on route , we could gotten them so rotten drunk they 'd end up in the maldives . 
  well considering the eu is a voluntary union of nation states i 'm not sure what difference a pan europe pro-nationalist movement would create . 
  if anything the pan european approach is actually anti nation state and from basic reading appears to be merely a catchall for individuals afraid of race . 
  its better for regional england if it had it 's own parliament . 
  why should the english nation take second place in a union of nations that have their own devolved governments . 
  even northern irelands voting system is much more consensus building than what england can provide for itself . 
  the uk is free to leave in the morning , the cruel eu is n't stopping it . 
  that 's probably why murdoch ca n't make inroads into german media . 
  excellent ruling . 
  i 'm not against these outlets but i would strongly support that when found to have printed false or misleading news , that their corrections and clarifications must occupy the same page space . 
  like the british terrorist who murdered jo cox . 
  rejection of atlantism ? 
  feel the wrath of the irish empire as we make you drink the rare auld stuff that flows in galway bay . 
  not british nationalism . 
  english nationalism is suppressed . 
  i think its shit england does n't ditch the uk . 
  live in north england for a while and you 'd wish it . 
  i actually support english nationalism . 
  it gained on the euro . 
  i suspect its unrelated to trump and more to do with positions being unwound . 
  sterling has been an overcrowded trade and volatility is on hold till dec 5th . 
  i ca n't see anything moving till then . 
  not a hope . 
  so when does n't know about something they should seek information . 
  that 's a great help . 
  i would never have thought of it without you . 
  irish citizens are not counted as foreign for uk law . 
  i do n't understand how a restructuring of a member states domestic politics is a threat to the eu . 
  internal reforms happen all the time across the union . 
  greece will be upset if it hears someone saying another country is top victim !, 
  the largest non british contingent in financal services . 
  but if you only hang out in nightclubs and bars you would n't notice . 
  yeah but somebody has to run the place for you . 
  it could never end on good terms . 
  the uk even pleaded with gorbachev to not let the collapse of the eastern bloc happen . 
  yeah , they do n't realise that the globalization that they created ca n't just be rolled up and put away when they tire of it . 
  game on . 
  actually there 's roughly 3000 irish citizens on the dole in the uk whereas there 's 11,000 uk citizens on the dole in ireland !, 
  that a few months ago , was n't it ? 
  so are you only comfortable with political beliefs that appear to be on the ascent rather than what aligns with your personal values ? 
  positives ? 
  its making an effort to match the machismo of its southern neighbours , thats team building , right ? 
  it 's your system , i do n't give a shgit how it works . 
  all we know is may says a50 starts in march . 
  cameron said he 'd trigger it next day but he fucked off instead . 
  if the vote was respected immediately rather than drawn oiut then we would n't be having this ... . . whatever it is !, 
  meeting without the uk is not denying them their vote . 
  respect the vote as in leave the eu asap . 
  no one likes a lingering fart except its owner . 
  is n't the subject about brexit ? 
  i actually feel bad we sent louis walsh over . 
  but actually i 'm just glad he 's not here hatching more shite noise that some say is music . 
  i do n't know why you hang around either . 
  respect the vote !, 
  i do n't believe any appeasement from us would be enough for the uk . 
  you 're better off without us , we 're holding you back from glory . 
  one word , toblerone !, 
  was n't tarp a wall street bailout , in fact is n't qe just life support ? 
  jeremy kyle is top notch entertainment . 
  i believe even threats were enough for austria to be sanctioned a decade ago .
