  the eu has being oppressing the uk for too long and now its got its freedom back and can do whatever it wants . 
  ok , i 'll offer something optimistic like mother russia replacing eu funding in return for more of london and a few more football teams . 
  someone described it as hockey and violence . 
  no problem meeting promises you make in a currency you can debase at will . 
  let me break you down for you . 
  the uk is on the menu and the members get to pick the bits that most suit them . 
  it does n't matter . 
  london has to deal with the bloc now . 
  the uk becomes to all members the same as any external market . 
  what most important is that the uk is a net importer from the eu and ireland and germany are net exporters to the world . 
  well for a start germany exports more per head to the usa and china from within the eurozone than the uk does with its own currency !, 
  even just that on its own shows where the uk bargaining power lies . 
  [ here 's a great sample of hurling for those who are curious . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lxxnbckc3g ), 
  i do n't get the headline `` eu ally denmark ... '' , denmark is part of the eu , not separate to it . 
  the uk represents 8 % of eu exports while the eu represents 43 % of uk exports . 
  i believe the uk has five times less to offer . 
  you want tax erosion look at london . 
  yeah many of those seven was greece actually trying ? 
  but but but austerity , neo liberal something or other , something about nazi debt , something about nothing ... ... 
  it appears that that 's open to interpretation . 
  the eu could accept scotland membership as a continuance . 
  obviously scottish sterling would have to separate from the rest of the uk . 
  if i understand correctly it 's not even legal tender in england and wales anyway . 
  because it 's england and wales that are leaving eu law but scotland would be merely staying . 
  no referendum needed , no break up of uk needed . 
  nah , in scotland eu law would take precedent . 
  well how do you expect the eu/uk border in ireland to work ? 
  common travel area could still work but currency change could make customs work easier . 
  we would like continuance but you repeatedly ignore that ireland is not leaving the eu . 
  the uk is the exiting eu state that has created the current confrontation . 
  by exiting the eu the uk has effectively terminated cross border talks with ireland . 
  destabilisation of the peace process is considered a price worth paying by the leave campaign so you should n't complain if the ira restarts its british bombing campaign . 
  uk has voted it down . 
  it voted to leave the eu and ireland is in the eu . 
  free travel may continue under cta but a new customs and emigration layers will be added by the uk . 
  the uk is fucking up the peace process and have onlky themselves to blame for any backlash . 
  the uk are the ones ruining the cta for the republic . 
  we did n't want a border but we still ended up with partition against the democratic vote of the whole island . 
  as i said it will not be our fault if british cities get bombed again . 
  it took a century for a british head of state to be able to visit ireland and that was under heavy security , no other individual european state visit required that much security . 
  we will protect our eu border against the uk if we must . 
  the border is being imposed by a british decision , just as ireland was first divided by britain a century ago . 
  if the troubles kick off again and british cities get bombed it wo n't be our fault . 
  we kept our end of the good friday agreement . 
  but in ireland we know we 'll have to reciprocate any restriction the uk places on eu all nationals ; that means the existing cta will be defunct . 
  the irish government have been formulating contingency plans as all the leave campaign did was ignore the reality . 
  negotiations regarding a uk/eu border in ireland must now go through brussels . 
  brexiters were all about controlling uk/eu borders , how were they going to do that in ireland , telepathically ? 
  holidaying in the schegen zone . 
  europe of the regions . 
  so basically hungary wo n't be participating in humanitarian responses . 
  may as withdraw from the un . 
  greece were free to walk . 
  china lends the usa money to buy their produce . 
  it 's not the nigerians that make up the current crisis , its people fleeing war in places the usa destabilized and abandoned . 
  are you suggesting italy does n't have regional variation ? 
  do n't know but there seemed to be a sense of betrayal that london was abandoning them . 
  we 're not looking for prizes , we 're just realistic . 
  the usa fucked up , it did n't need to go into iraq . 
  get this , we did n't invade anyone . 
  that was a choice the usa made . 
  we 're non aligned so we 'll do business on our terms and we know that invaded people will bite back . 
  you 'll find since the gfa that nationalist expression has significantly reduced as their nationalist view was recognized . 
  however the dup were against the gfa and in response actually intensified their expressions , the contentious drumcree marches were in direct reaction . 
  ironically these anti peace era displays increasingly alienate moderate unionists . 
  scotland is n't in england and it already has a devolved parliament . 
  are you joking ? 
  that would be like remain voters forming their own breakaway region without asking the rest of england . 
  its not that simple . 
  there are those who identify as irish but defend political unity with britain . 
  unionism is n't all about britishness . 
  the stormont government allocated public housing along religious lines which created enclaves . 
  glasgow had similar sectarianism but housing there was n't divided so there is n't the same entrenched dynamic . 
  three houses within a unionist area caught fire from their own neighbourhood bonfire on the 11th !, 
  if china is game then there 's nothing stopping greece . 
  they ca n't used keep us for their unproductiveness . 
  steady growth measured in a depreciating currency ? 
  refugees from a zone destabilized by a usa military adventure that obama washed his hands of . 
  do n't tell us how to clean up the mess you left behind . 
  the uk devalued and they 've seen as little wage growth as greece . 
  all the former eastern bloc countries have passed out greece in their decade of membership . 
  greece 's problem was the same in drachma , it just is n't competitive . 
  but bad performing german states still have to balance their budgets . 
  that doesnt make sense . 
  all states agree protocols and then put them into domestic law . 
  still does n't stop a state like the uk or greece from leaving . 
  authority is agreement . 
  you ca n't much looser than a voluntary union . 
  a voluntary union ensures no one gets complacent , greece was told it was free to leave . 
  that does n't change dynamics though . 
  but it 's a single market . 
  there 's variation within germany too . 
  do european federalists expect to eliminate regional variations ? 
  they 'll be disappointed if they do . 
  p!us i must add variation has seen germany and french unemployment being high whist club med were doing good . 
  well devaluing did n't do them any favours . 
  the euro is a level playing and it 's not germany 's fault other do n't take advantage of that . 
  i certainly do n't support a move to replicate the us federal system of perpetually indebted states . 
  why are we responsible for greek internal imbalances ?
