  i myself look forwards to extremely cheap holidays in greece , unless it has n't disintegrated into civil chaos . 
  negotiations have ended , the vote is on the deal as developed between the elected government s including greece . 
  it 's shit or get off the pot time . 
  europe has a refugee and terrorist crisis to face . 
  a yes will bind the troika and greece , a no will sever greece from the eu . 
  a yes may destroy syriza but it will give a caretaker government a clear mandate and a supervised implementation that was n't possible before . 
  a yes is greece in rehab , a no is greece left to its own devices . 
  they wo n't recover while they blame the euro . 
  will they blame us in the future for not making them stay ? 
  they 're free to leave like greece . 
  no one is stopping them . 
  they can lock-step out of the union . 
  my fear is that it will broadcast to the world that the euro is a no nonsense currency , asians will be impressed and drive up its value making eu exports more expensive however that loss could be recouped using cheap labour from greece . 
  alternatively they 'll just substitute drachma for euros . 
  ... omelet ... . breaking eggs ... 
  it will be a relief for me as a fellow european that you will no longer feel oppressed . 
  i will further my support by enjoying dirt cheap holidays in your devalued currency . 
  harsh but at this stage only option with syriza in power . 
  greece can be putin 's problem now . 
  syriza vowed to refute the debt , failed and then rather than compromise it turned back to the greek people and said `` you vote to give us a new mandate or have us stay our course to the bitter end . '', 
  timing is crap but if they give a new mandate as least syriza will be sanctioned to accept the lapsed agreements . 
  if they were living within their means we would n't have had to go through the last six months drama , syriza had a mandate to refute the debt . 
  the euro is a eu convention , abandoning it is abandoning the eu as greece did when it called for a referendum on an arrangement that ill have expired by the date of the vote . 
  it absented itself from discussions with the eu on funding arrangements which expire on tuesday . 
  they 've effectively broke away and all future discussions with the eu will be of a transitional nature . 
  it 's sad , very sad . 
  private lending left greece long ago , it 's eu states and international funds that will get burnt . 
  the troika would be be reckless to continue funding greece with cash from poorer countries . 
  a constitution is a contract of agreed values which through the process of democracy changes to suit the needs of society . 
  if you ca n't explain it as the person asked then what are doing here telling us what you `` know '' ? 
  it 's a tough one . 
  i reckon most greeks have become so numb to crisis that this event has overtaken them , they probably realise it 's too late to redraw most of their savings and are resigned to them being drachma 'd . 
  those who could have probably been sending their cash to relatives in other countries for safe keeping since the crisis begun . 
  they 'll repatriate those savings when the drachma stabalises . 
  they asked for it to be explained like they were a 5 year old , can you do that ? 
  the deposit run has been building since syriza came to power so the bank of mattress is probably stuffed right now . 
  without a fair , transparent , functioning tax system greece will not recover . 
  would you prefer greece not to have a functioning tax system ? 
   they collect sufficient tax when greece gets this bit fixed then their troubles are over . 
  he 's got a lecturing career lined up for himself , he does n't care . 
  even if their debt was wiped clean greece would still need financial assistance as it 's living beyond its means . 
  they could have left anytime they wanted . 
  they stayed because the troika were the only ones who 'd lend to them . 
  they 're free to print as much of their new drachma as they want but the adults are n't letting them play with grownup money anymore . 
  no , you 're not getting it . 
  imagine you 're greece . 
  you want to import oil/medical/engineering but you 've used up all your euro and foreign currency reserves and now all you have left is drachma to trade with . 
  the sellers says `` no thank you , drachmas are useless to me as there 's little you 've got that i want '' . 
  you can peg your new drachma to the euro but in the end when you need to pay your own army to keep law and order you 'll have to print lots of drachma that will devalue it and break the peg . 
  as it stands all the creditors now accept that their money is gone and greece will be charge extremely high rates to borrow to cover the risk of non-payment . 
  the eu is dead for greece . 
   and it 'll be `` take the drachma or get nothing '' if they do it properly . 
  that 's not a bargaining position . 
  the seller will laugh and say `` keep your currency , give me $ , # or $ or other wise fuck off '' . 
  the time for magic thinking is over . 
  the doors of the temple of hermes are shut . 
   creation of their own currency temporary pegged against the euro , and the big debts get paid back with it . 
  euro debts will have to be paid with euros . 
  fuel and other imports will have to be paid for with euros/dollars that they do n't have . 
  even with the debt erased greece can not sustain it 's government spending without first printing a new currency into infinity . 
  the governments of europe do n't have mandate from their electorates to let greece play with their savings . 
  greece is free to print as much of its own currency as it likes to meet all its domestic legal requirements but it 's not allowed to do it with euros . 
  even the northern rock queues seems jovial . 
  no , cyprus had currency controls and hardly anyone elsewhere noticed . 
  what to stop the government confiscating currency in the deposit boxes ? 
  the bank of mattress has been taking deposits since syriza were elected . 
  yes , government mismanagement is partly to blame , my previous comment was sarcasm . 
  the euro will be their hard currency but they 'll have to issue a new currency for government payments . 
  as they 're no longer cooperating with eu member states they 'll effectively have to trade with the eu directly through brussels , along with the euro existing conventions are defunct . 
  the state is a company whose board is elected by the shareholder citizens . 
  greece is a badly run company where the shareholders plundered the stock and now it 's in receivership . 
  however hostile shareholders are making it hard to turn the company around so that it 's sustainable . 
  i 'm happy that that works for you . 
  no one is stopping greece from having their own supply of cash with lots of zeros on them . 
  eu just does n't want to give greece their bits of paper to play with . 
  withdrawals restricted to $ 300 , capital controls in place . 
  the government better start governing or there 'll be chaos , first the bank runs , then the looting anarchy begins . 
  oh i forgot the government is blameless and it 's everyone else 's fault !, 
  how would you feel about scotland leaving the uk superstate ? 
  no i did n't . 
  but then i should n't be surprised . 
  well he does like european cars !, 
  precisely , which makes the whole british referendum rather pointless . 
  just say britain decides to leave the eu , they 'll lose their input on whatever trade terms which they 'll have to accept . 
  the only beneficiaries will be the tabloids and maybe jeremy clarkson who 'll do a new series called `` splendid isolation '' . 
  well as it stands many uk based companies are enquiring about setting up eu offices in ireland to spread the risk . 
  ireland exports would be affected but the uk is n't the dominant export destination for ireland anymore . 
  even if the uk absented itself from the eu people still have to eat and 90 % of irish beef and diary is export . 
  i think we supply something like 15-20 % of the global baby food formula . 
  add irish pubs and you 'll seeing we 're inexorably building a hospitality empire , resistance is futile . 
  do we know yet if this attack was planned in tunisia ? 
  libya is only next door and the attackers could have launched from there , like how the bombay attack originated from outside india . 
  i 'm going to be stocking up on popcorn for the brexit referendum . 
  it 's a cash run . 
  if the banks have no cash on monday they wo n't open . 
  more trust than being administered from london . 
  how much of that 130b is actually physically available as cash though ? 
  i reckon things being so dire it might even be run voluntarily . 
  you 're probably right but i imagine a contingency greek euro has already been printed in the last four months and is sitting in some warehouse awaiting its moment . 
  just look up maastricht treaty to find out .
