  i thought that too but i was talking with some chinese in australia about this they told me do n't bother , just carry an ipad and type is what i wanted to ask and then hand it over and they 'd type in their response . 
  they said they had to do that sometimes for in china there are many different languages there . 
  mandarin is to china as english is to global business . 
  plus they 'll want to practice their english . 
  spanish on the other is pretty much needed for traveling in latin america . 
   he highlighted agricultural reform and a developing relationship with the republic of ireland as areas where the uk could be positive . 
  he 's been a bit presumptive there . 
  in the century since the free state , anglo-irish relations have only been good since the good friday agreement . 
  there are still unresolved matters such as the dublin and monaghan bombings and the british funded death squads . 
  lord kings attitude towards ireland is not out of keeping with the centuries of british condescension and he risks rekindling tensions in northern ireland . 
  interesting perspective . 
  i did n't realise it was still strong in academia . 
  i had never heard of the term anglo celt identity until i lived in australia , where is was used often . 
  a mongrel . 
  the oligarchs bet them to it . 
  yeah , europeans destroyed native american culture . 
  algebra , navigation by stars , i could go on ... . but a closed mind can not grow . 
  italy , especially the south was heavily influenced by muslim culture . 
  if you knew anything about mediterranean history you 'd know that all its cultures are intertwined . 
  muslims have as equal right to say every military expedition into the middle east is to exploit their resources . 
  to the yanks are the most dangerous because they see nothing wrong with they do . 
  well christianity was used to divide ireland . 
  should we ban all protestantism just because a few still raise [ banners that instruct their followers to kat ( kill all taigs ) ] ( https://theirishatheist.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/image.jpg ), 
  there is n't but my counter point still stands . 
  un membership is no protection . 
  the un is powerful ? 
  sorry , i do n't remember it being able to stop the usa going into iraq without a stability plan . 
  after march 31st . 
  there was enough food in the country . 
  markets were full but a populace kept in poverty could n't afford it . 
  irish poor tenants would reep the harvest for absentee british landlords to pay the rent and then sell the cloths off their back to buy peels brimstone . 
  it was n't famine , it was murder . 
  they armed themselves illegally with german guns . 
  you defied the 1918 vote by siding with the terrorists . 
  and there in lies the problem . 
  how do you police what 's preached in each christian denomination ? 
  like around the time of the marriage ref there was an african church in ireland openly preaching condemnation of gay people . 
  you leave ireland first . 
  there was enthusiasm for helping russia initially , especially after the yeltsin revolution . 
  every country has its intelligence service , they were hardly going to disband it with the soviet state . 
  in the late nineties i think the will to help russia faded , it was too vast a concern and the oligarchs had become too established in the transition . 
  they established little empires within russia that made further expansion by western companies problematic and sometimes dangerous . 
  nah , boris is prince rupert . 
  farage is cromwell . 
  are you intimating the usa is in a ussr style collapse ? 
  a quest for justice is hatred ? 
  when you can explain why the uk has never acknowledged and apologised for halving the irish population in the 19th century then you might understand . 
   so are the brits , not half in europe like you seem to think . 
  i agree . 
  they 're not half in europe . 
   speak for yourself . 
  i do . 
  i 'm european . 
  well turkey is like the uk , half in europe . 
  actually that made me laugh . 
  anyway best of luck with english civil war part ii in 2017 . 
  nah , they just wanted to carve it up business monopoly style , like in vietnam . 
  if they cared about democracy they would have funded the transition to the same degree as they funded poland . 
  acknowledge and reconciliation are two important pillers for a bridge to future trade . 
  far better to be trading respectfully than having some unresolved issue lurking . 
  did n't she step down as patron of a load of charities this week ? 
  she 's a good age , i 'd be glad to live that long . 
  heading back to the pub after mass is shite . 
  i miss the old tradition in ireland of staggering into midnight mass after the pubs closed and trying not to laugh . 
  the fuckers pulled midnight mass back to 9pm !, 
  ya mad bastards !, 
  you 're not supposed to flag our forward positions !, 
  without the eu who will right wingers blame for national failings ? 
  let me guess , its only genocide when others do it . 
  it may not have been independent but it was ruled as a separate whole kingdom . 
  besides in that decade the confederate parliament of kilkenny ruled most of the island but the territorial gains and losses constantly changed until cromwell smashed it entirely . 
  have you read the book of revelations ? 
  the loads of stuff in the bible that could be called incitement to hate . 
  the state ca n't intervene unless there 's an incitement to hate . 
  you ca n't lock up someone just because they think all christians and muslims are dangerous . 
  why is ireland a united entity ? 
  are you serious ? 
  partition only happened a century ago . 
  i think the point is the state should n't be dragged into internal church/mosque affairs . 
  in a recent case in longford a fight at a mosque was treated in the court as a civil disturbance . 
  if the law dragged into internal religious conflicts then it could no longer exercise impartiality in applying the law when needed . 
  a wise move on the whole . 
  it 's a very deceptive measure . 
  unless i 'm mistaken there 's a similar amount of recordings taken from each country , regardless of their size . 
  for the sake of argument lets say there 's three sensors in the each nation . 
  so portugal could have a sensor in central lisbon , one in a car park in an interior town and the third sensor on the fresh atlantic coast . 
  luxemburg in contrast is higher density and lacks regional environmental contrasts so it really ca n't be compared to portugal . 
  but gypsies are europeans and so are english football fans but we tolerate them . 
  fuck no . 
  in the 70 and 80s we had the british government funding and providing cover for murder squads , armed border posts and the army had a shot to kill policy of innocent , unarmed civilians . 
  or authority to debase your coinage as often happened . 
  well gold and silver were effectively common currencies at the same time . 
  the old saying goes given the freedom to the first thing most people do is imitate eachother . 
  they supplied those nice little chocs you saw on the table at the talks . 
  the eu is the underwriter to the gfa . 
  it was the only way to keep both sides happy . 
  of course the whole deal will be under pressure with the uk leaving the eu but if the brits are happy to set the whole troubles off again that 's their look out . 
  brokerage . 
  you : what 's brokerage ? 
  me : google it .
