  nah , english stags and hens are welcome in ireland but if they 're looking to make trouble there 's plenty who need only the slightest excuse to reciprocate with extreme violence . 
  but they 're the ones stating that they want to leave the eu to take back control of their borders . 
  travel restrictions the uk imposes will matched . 
  some people would prefer ireland to remain impoverished . 
  i guess we ca n't keep everyone happy . 
  you feel bad because you 're a feckin eejit . 
  multinationals actually account for 1/5 jobs . 
  they 're more than tax shopping . 
  after last year greece 's continued membership should not be taken for granted . 
  after brexit where will they go to get smashed ? 
  if you enjoyed the time you think you wasted , then it was n't wasted . 
  well done , fortune favours the brave . 
  all the while purchasing power is eroded . 
  what have they got to lose ? 
  inflation is theft by the king . 
  however those accustomed to it do n't complain . 
  keeping the uk from disintegrating seems a more immediate concern i 'd imagine . 
  why mince words when both mean a loss to the creditor . 
  however it does make carpetbagging easier . 
  to the creditor it is . 
  alexander of fyromia ? 
  it made you read my post properly though . 
  reread my post . 
  i said eu citizens from eastern states send earnings back from western eu states so the money stays in the eu . 
  what the fuck is up with you ? 
   i really think that the euro has been very destructive to mediterranean countries generally . 
  prior to the euro a lot the med countries just defaulted on debt by devaluing their currencies , like the uk did in 08/09 . 
  the problem with this is that it does n't address the metrics that accrue unsustainable debt . 
   adding to this , many of the n.african / middle eastern immigrants sent a large portion of their european income back to their own countries which bleeds funds from the european economy , you know the rule , if the wages are not been passed along the lines of the economy then the economy suffers but if turkey were in the eu then the money earned in one country stays within the eurozone . 
  ( i say eurozone as all new members have to adopt the euro . ), 
  as it stands plenty of eastern european eu citizens send money home from western eu states . 
  they 're probably from the same factory as every uk outlet cheap jeans are . 
  it 's just the bigger scale of lidl allows them buy in greater quantities and sell lower . 
  i love canadian food , especially tacos . 
  you all speak english very well too . 
  yeah and they 'll all meet around the back of the bike shed and say `` now that we 've all mitched off school , what do we do now ? 
  '' ... no answer ... ... `` go back i suppose '', 
  what happened to birthrates in the med and before anyone says austerity they had already fallen in 90s . 
  i 'm just asking for any perspective on this . 
  canadians and mexicans are americans and if no distinction is made with the central nations and southern continent then they 're all americans too . 
  yet no one says united states of america americans and likewise macedonians are n't going to be referred to in acronym form either . 
  fyromians , sounds like something out of star trek . 
  fuck off cunt , you do n't even want to be in the eu . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll have a look , thanks . 
  like with anything it 's good to hear different perspectives when possible . 
  what would be considered more balanced news outlets ? 
  i 'm stating a basic reality . 
  however it 's emotion and not economics that 's driving the the brexit campaign and there 's no point in being a member of any club if your heart is elsewhere . 
  really ? 
  in the history of europe since the reformation the post 1945 period seems to be an aberration . 
  yes but you 'll lose the purchasing power from being in the largest economic bloc in the world . 
  being a realistic about it 's far preferable to the alternative of constant continental war that preceded it . 
  actually the current union gives the benefit of tariff free trade within the zone without the need for federation . 
  cameron is actually attacking the uks already most favourible position in the eu to win an inter-tory war . 
  no , a lot of governments were n't in favour of the social benefits changes . 
  cameron , coming from an island member does n't appreciate that many eu people do interstate commutes daily and the purpose of the eu is to brake down barriers to movement of goods and labour . 
  cameron 's proposals would only make a lot of mainland european lives more complicated . 
  well plenty of global banks think the # will lose 30 % of its strength by leaving the eu . 
   we do n't have any influence in it now , anyway . 
  that 's not entirely true , i watch a bbc documentary every now and again . 
  stone roses have a third album coming out so it 's not over yet . 
  you could become a dominion , the eu could confer a commonwealth status where emigration from the uk to the eu , just like with many of its own commonwealth associates would be strictly controlled to keep you happy . 
  all good . 
  np , he 's saying where he wants it to go to . 
  other brits are saying they do n't want a superstate . 
  well i do n't and many european citizens do n't want it either . 
  common defense sharing like frontex but after that individual nations can reap what they sow . 
  well it just shows that some people only see the eu as a means for more military adventures . 
   was there any reason you left ? 
  i enjoyed being there for a few years , made a nice chunk of cash on the mining boom and got out before it started really tanking . 
  had the opportunity to stay on , sponsor had work elsewhere in the country but ultimately we were just bored . 
  the party is in the northern hemisphere . 
  but during the property bubble the government was heavily reliant on property sales tax to fund spending , i think the average tax take per property in 2006 was $ 100,000 . 
  if austerity is the loss of that once in a lifetimes credit splurge then get used to austerity . 
  consider though that outside of special offers the average pint can cost $ 10 !, 
  nope , seems to be more polish moving back home for good jobs . 
  when i went there about four years ago it was around $ 64k but you had to provide your own medical insurance and $ 4,000 per child per year to attend state funded schooling . 
  you mean like allowing planning permission on flood planes ? 
  my dad lived to good old age and died in 08 . 
  i went to see his grave a year later and the six men buried after him were all my age . 
  two i knew were suicides , two just had bad health but other two could have been either . 
  i live in a small town so it 's hard not to avoid it . 
  i have n't had to deal with the uk system yet although i may have to soon but from what i 've heard it can be pretty easy . 
  [ the us system is very multitiered and there 's a good reason tax advisor is such a common industry there . 
  ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2013/07/12/u-s-tax-system-ranks-94th-out-of-100-right-below-zimbabwe/#4a2d28db37b7 ), 
   rural ireland has been hurt mainly by austerity when you say `` hurt by austerity '' are you talking about losing jobs that were only in these places because of the property bubble and subsequent banking collapse ? 
  i 'm all on for developing sustainable employment where possible but asking for a repeat of the bertie bubble is taking the piss . 
  i guess i 'm used to pretty quick system , my last irish tax rebate took three weeks to sort . 
  spain was pretty good too . 
  christ on a bike if that 's the alternative , i 'm only managing to get tax back from australia after claiming a year and half earlier . 
  now i have to deal with us tax . 
  i 'm staying in the eu after this . 
  if you mean rough in comparison to the noughties then you 'll be left waiting . 
  that period was exceptional and completely facilitated by future spending brought forward . 
  can we just get through this summer before we start having global ambitions !, 
  you mean like doing remakes of dads army ? 
  i 'm glad someone can because the last time i was in kerry i could barely understand them . 
  for a lot of multinationals ireland is their eu base and as the uk is not in the eurozone and potentially soon to be outside the eu , ireland will be the only english speaking nation left . 
  if a us multinational faces political tax repatriation pressure in the us then they can split the business if their greater market for growth is outside the us .
