  if people were already willing to spend fortunes on a reputed superior education then why would a college spend a penny more than it needed to . 
  you 're presuming those international fees go back into education . 
  kinda of hard to take him serious at all after his love-in with syriza last year where he stank the media world with his `` because hitler '' summation of the situation . 
  i agree . 
  heads are still spinning from the vote but if scotland goes some solution would have to be found that would work for ni too . 
  as it stands the immigration fears of the average english voter may be enough to push emigration control to the ports in northern ireland despite the protestations of the unionists . 
  the average english leave vote does n't want the cost of any land border with the eu . 
  actually most do n't know what ni is . 
  not really . 
  ireland can be schengen and cta . 
  while we enter the uk through cta channels , uk residents will have to go through the non-eu channel as there 's no cta distinct at irish passport control . 
  also consider ireland will have no say in what new global migration arrangements the uk will make so we will not be able to facilitate free movement from the uk to ireland , like at present . 
  this does present new problems for the land border . 
  you do n't do humour , do you ? 
  they were n't rioting like in the uk . 
  is n't that what i said ? 
  only the uk is unlinked . 
  the more reason for ireland to join schengen for business visa purposes . 
  as is the uk law granting irish citizens full political rights isnt fully reciprocated by ireland . 
  you welcome . 
  we will be over to fully reprogram everyone once operation brexit has immobilised everyone . 
  wear white trainers with white socks and a sweater with you us state emblazoned upon it . 
  you 'll be so overt people will think you 're a european hipster being ironic or something . 
  well she ca n't reshape eu to suit the uk so what concession will she say she won as a compromise for not altering free movement ? 
  i think the uk was the only country with a complete opt-out of linkage to the $ . 
  others either shadow it or are committed to eventual adoption . 
  they blame the previous generations of immigrants from their former empire on the eu . 
  yeah i know but whatever restrictions the uk imposes on eu citizens , ireland will reciprocate . 
  as it stands the political rights we enjoy in the uk are not reciprocated either . 
  discontent in the north country ? 
  send in the choppers . 
  i 've been getting linked requests from brits since brexit , we 're having a party !, 
  nothing worse for an ulster unionist being called paddy or mick by the brits he adores . 
  yip , it 's either fuck or freeze . 
  you 're the one who voted leave . 
  i support eu membership for scotland but it will have to be as an independent nation and it ca n't have any of the uks exemptions . 
  yes , it may be beyond your ability . 
  do you think racists voted remain ? 
  really . 
  i 've travelled around spain and southern italy and everyone seems happy enough . 
  the uk which lauded itself as avoiding the eu troubles after 08 ended up with youth revolts that saw whole towncentres on lockdown . 
  all my nephews unemployed friends in portugal head to the beach and seem to enjoying life very much . 
  well only you know why you voted leave , we 're not mind readers !, 
  well according to the statement just released by your government irish citizens will retain full political rights in the uk regardless of what happens with the eu . 
  if it helps reduce wealth inequalities in the uk then that 's to be praised . 
  politically yes but economically brexit still means brexit . 
  good to know that , thanks . 
  it would have serious implications for the good friday agreement otherwise . 
  nah , i think they just kneel while herself utters some harry potter shit over their head . 
  there is a ritual involving a pigs head but as a woman may wo n't have to partake . 
  no , we 'll help all those brits go home just as all those leave voters expected everyone else to go home !, 
  i think they conflate their commonwealth migration with refugees and so feel hard done by . 
  its entirely up to the uk to continue to offer full political rights to irish citizens but as an eu member we will reciprocate an restrictions the uk places on eu citizens . 
  fix what ? 
  valley english !, 
  i do n't know why anyone is down voting you . 
  you 've hit the nail on the head . 
  the centuries old mindset of having their own way is n't just going to evaporate . 
  the eu is about cooperation but in the uk it seems to be about confrontation . 
  even the nationalists in ireland are very pro-eu membership . 
  well why did n't the uk take up that legal right and attend the side meeting obama had with the eu ? 
  the uk has set a new precedent for its current relationship with the eu even before article 50 is instigated . 
  as in farage still drawing an eu salary !, 
  more likely after brexit as now english use wo n't be seen as favouring any one major culture block . 
  eurovision is pretty much an all english affair now . 
  english has n't belonged to england for a long time , it 's an international language now . 
  i think female pms do n't have to do the pig head ritual . 
  you 've no seat at the table . 
  the little flag , the model spitfire and the little bust of churchill are all sitting in a box at reception waiting to be picked up . 
  but the uk is opposing eu free movement which is a separate issue to the refugee crisis however that did n't stop the leave campaign conflating the two !, 
  how can it ? 
  it does sit at the table anymore . 
  she enjoys being a mammy so much may will give her the kitchen cabinet . 
  it 's up the pro-eu tory mps to pull the pin on the sitting government . 
  they were implying greece was better off out of the eu , like the uk is now . 
  yeah a lot are but there 's still a good few , mostly retired , who brought their racism with them , [ like this chap !, 
  ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/mark-hobbs-limerick-2574618-jan2016/ ), 
  thank you . 
  we do have roughly 300,000 brits resident in ireland so that might explain some of that number . 
  are you saying the uk leaving the eu is unreasonable ? 
  ulster unionists would weep if they heard you say they were unimportant . 
  great britain is best britain !, 
  greece are free to do a uk on it . 
  no one is stopping them in the past they devalued their currency like the uk does now but it did n't stop them foundering . 
  four decades of membership has n't stopped them being surpassed by the former eastern bloc members which says more about greece 's internal settings than its utilisation of its membership . 
  they were offered the door that the uk is currently dawdling at . 
  so you going to the bonfires in ulster tonight ? 
  very true and i 'm aware of that but there 's nothing we can do about that . 
  the only way to reverse the vote is a snap election whereby pro eu torys collapse the government and a pro eu coalition wins . 
  individually eu countries take turn at being fucked , greece last ireland in 2010 , but collectively we muddle through . 
  it is a union after all . 
  thanks but sterlings contribution would just continue to lose value . 
  i wanted ? 
  i had no say in the formulation of the brexit situation so how can i take it personally . 
  i am only more aware of my solidarity with my fellow eu nationals . 
  even my english colleagues here are starting their irish/eu passport applications , they 're the ones who are taking it personally . 
  for what it 's worth on the morning of brexit in the workplace the common response was `` they did it the crazy bastards but you have to admire them '' . 
  i guess we understand the uks inability to compromise with the eu and be true to its tradition of having its own way . 
  how can we sympathize with something we that 's clearly not in our own interests to do ? 
  ultimately brexit was going to happen someday .
