  how is scottish independence a threat to england ? 
  true , back out with handknit nets and tar lined boats into the wild north atlantic fury with nothing but whiskey and song to keep them warm . 
  then there 's the coalmines to be reopened and children will no longer be denied the right to go down mine at 12 years of age !, 
  the glorious days of the steam train will be back and those 12 year old miners will be able to smoke indoors as they swill their hard earned pints of gin . 
  you thought the same about ireland once . 
  but they have to commit to eventually adopting the euro . 
  or they could need food drops and tin openers for the heinz beans . 
  but look at them soar towards the glorious tomorrow . 
  good luck and farewell you crazy bastards . 
  according to them they 're not europeans anymore . 
  well they have to converge with the eurozone , dithering is becoming less tolerated as currency devaluation only defers correction in an economy . 
  nah in fairness we 're trying really hard to sit on our hands and keep ourselves from shouting `` you want your country back brits ? 
  then give us back ours ! '', 
  we 're playing the long game . 
  oh great , the uk , the new balkans . 
  a referendum , that sounds great . 
  that way we 'll know exactly what the people want and then act to ensure their wishes are respected . 
  if we in europe ignore this vote then it will only encourage racists and xenophobic contagion . 
  the uk has spoken . 
  so you may appreciate how gaelic speakers encouraged their children to adopt english just to survive . 
  a typical example of hiberno english is when asking where you are an irish person might reply `` dublin you are '', 
  it was n't just that economic conditions were better in the uk , indeed life in industrial british cities was n't a bed of roses ( the philosophy of marx was inspired by his time there ) but in ireland there was n't even industrialisation except for the north east . 
  agrarian subsistance living also had to contend with predator land rents that went to landlords who were protected by an administration in another land . 
  there 's plenty of books on the period , i ca n't recommend one over another but british commentators of that time condemned the london governments inaction to the crisis as being criminal . 
  a famous saying of that time was `` god gave the irish the potato blight but the british created the famine . '', 
  as a child learning about it in school i found the enormity of the famine and the cruelty of the administration overwhelming to contemplate and i still do . 
  have you read much about the economic conditions prior to the great famine ? 
  some of it pretty hard to absorb . 
  that people who had previous spoken irish , mostly subsistence farmers , adopted english for economic survival after the great famine . 
  have you ever heard of hiberno english ? 
  the uk does first past the post balloting , leave was first past the post . 
  they 're gone . 
   our political parties might be fighting but you ca n't get one over us . 
  so social stability would n't be a priority for you . 
  no one disputes that . 
  irish was common up to the great famine but english was adopted whole scale as an act of survival . 
  yeah , it really is just a common tool . 
  we 've two official languages , although the dominant language english is thought of as a cultural import . 
  well done lads , ireland champions scotlands eu membership . 
  peace comes dropping slowly . 
  i would n't push reunification from the republic but if there 's enough support for a border poll in northern ireland society then i would n't object . 
  there have been targeted killings recently , a prison officer was killed in car bomb . 
  there 's more peace walls now than during the troubles . 
  the difference now is that the peace is managed under power sharing . 
  when you say us , do you mean scotland or england ? 
  dangerous can of worms , better to let the good friday agreement continue . 
  sorry , the good friday agreement which concluded the three decades of northern ireland troubles . 
  i actually think england being out of the eu will increase the use of english as it will be seen as not culturally favouring any sitting member state . 
  it really is now an english and valley english of wales problem . 
  scotland 's approach for separate eu membership would be warmly welcomed . 
  northern ireland is a bit more complicated but if the scottish parliament could take westminsters place in the good friday agreement then eu membership for ni could be achieved . 
  it 's actually an imperative as hollyrood can take london 's place in the gfa . 
  that would allow ni to progress with self determination . 
  jeremy corbyn looks like he ca n't wait to be a union floor boss for some toffs ammunition factory . 
  sterling collapse , trading on british bank shares suspended ... yeah , nothing has happened yet . 
  the uk just shat itself and still has n't noticed the smell . 
  its democracy and it would be undemocratic to ignore the vote . 
  there 's nothing left for the uk to do in the eu except sit down with article 50 and begin the process . 
  the vote was n't complicated , it was a simple in/out vote so no one can dismiss it as ambiguous . 
  boris can sit with article 50 in front of him for years if he wants but the eu ca n't wait . 
  this is n't big brother or xfactor where you get to vote next week . 
  the eu will now continue on without the uk . 
  the uk does n't want to be in the eu . 
  you might not like it but we have to respect that . 
  but the longer the uncertainty continues the worse the damage will be for the uk . 
  what i envisage happening is that articale 50 will still be waiting at the table for the whoever the uk sends . 
  if the vote is not respected then every racist and xenophobe will use it to say the eu is undemocratic and nobody wants that type of contagion in the remaining member states . 
  i wonder if they 'll call it alba as a totally fresh start . 
  british politicians may ignore it but we in the eu ca n't . 
  if we ignored the vote it would only strengthen the claims of the leave campaign and give ammunition to xenophobes and racists elsewhere . 
  if scotland leaves it 's the end of the uk . 
  certainly as a tourist destination , rome is actually my favorite european city . 
  but from a business point of view confidence in the london has been shattered by the uncertainty created by brexit . 
  as a nation england needs to do some soul searching , the message is clear that scotland wants in the eu by a much greater margin than england and wales want to leave . 
  once scotland secures its roadmap to future eu membership it will do all it can to pick up what england disregards . 
  london has already taken a hit with this vote . 
  i do n't know about that , i worked with plenty of aussies who resented the fact that i had more rights and security as a non brit in the uk than they had even though the queen is their head of state . 
  what the eu may lose in direct contributions from the uk can be indirectly recouped in trade tariffs . 
  i remember while in australia brits calling me an expat but my colleague from india was called an immigrant even though we were on the same visa . 
  the eu simply let 's funding for regional uk lapse without discussion if the uk government tried to hide from its responsibilities . 
  well as a net contributor to eu social cohesion funds i do n't want to waste any more money on a country that 's leaving . 
  this is divorce , the uk should do the honourable thing and live up to its word . 
  actually i believe we took in a greater percentage of eastern europeans to our population than the uk during our property bubble . 
  many are still here and now that we 're out of the euro 's i 'll be going around to my polish friends house to cheer them on !, 
  he 's only instigating what the uk voted for . 
  what 's wrong with that unless of course you do n't believe in democracy . 
  the people have spoken , they want out . 
  it the eu delayed the process they 'd be accused of fascism . 
  instigate article 50 on tuesday so we can all move on . 
  very true , all that 's left is unmasked xenophobia and racism . 
  i actually know a guy working for a us cyber security company who set up their eu base in ireland last year just on the threat of a brexit . 
  i really feel sorry for the young people of the uk but there 's nothing i can do to help . 
  the uk is still a member of the eu for at least the next two years . 
  goodbye . 
  cameron told the eu that once brexit was passed article 50 would be invoked . 
  by resigning all he 's done it left the same task to someone else . 
  as a fellow eu citizen i respect the vote . 
  goodbye . 
   does n't matter what he said in campaign , article 50 needs to be invoked officially . 
  no it does n't .
