  or just border checks on non-eu borders . 
   they should have done that ages ago - the fact they are leaving it till now just baffles me . 
  because millions of people commute cross border daily for work in the eu . 
  but if you 're a british nationalist it only confirms your view . 
  so if they 'd known about iceland they would have called it british too ? 
  the only reason is british imperial nationalism . 
  same geographical principal and i 'm not your mate . 
  there 's no geographical reason to include ireland but not iceland , both separate islands to britain off north western europe . 
  only british nationalists insist on the appellation . 
  same geographical principal , a group of islands off north western europe . 
  theres no geographical reason to exclude iceland except imperial history . 
  being british and literate is increasingly considered an accomplishment . 
  no need for education then . 
  its a term used by british nationalists . 
  they wouldnt call iceland british as it was never part of their empire . 
  yes ireland , britain , iceland , all islands of europe yet the british call ireland british but not iceland . 
  no one calls iceland british . 
  triggered . 
  watch all the british imperial nationalists that get triggered when i point out that ireland is not a british isle !, 
  beautiful . 
  every time it brings the imperialists out . 
  demographic trends are in play although brexit has moved cross community economic concerns front and centre . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  95 was the most spectacular summer if memory serves me right !, 
  the unionist majority was lost in the last assembly election . 
  good shitposting though , top marks . 
  fixed border posts in northern ireland would spend more time looking over their shoulder . 
  non fixed customs stop , as already happens in the republic are the only workable solution . 
  immigration will have to move back to the ulster poets as the republic will not restrict fellow eu citizens from entering northern ireland . 
  i remember that presidency well . 
  momentous times they were . 
  in the eu/eea i do n't need a passport book , i use the card passport . 
   ... its embarrassing that a supposedly developed country like ireland has a such an angry , nationalistic population in this regard . 
  ahem . . cough ... take back control , blue passports , bendy bananas ... etc. ... 
  you said this  similarly , if ireland does n't like the terms that the eu and the uk agree , it can ... not really do anything but make the situation worse . 
  we did n't make this situation , we did n't partition our own nation . 
  just needed to clear that up for you . 
  ireland 's population started to grow again under european membership after being halved under british rule . 
  of course explaining this to brits is pointless , they can only ever see their relationship with ireland as benevolent . 
  if the eu does n't like the uk terms it can simply ignore the uk . 
  the uk economy is not the same size as the eu although the uk is exhibiting an anachronistic imperial hubris in its outlook . 
  the biggest irony is that the uk will have to accept whatever the eu decides if it wants to trade with the largest trade bloc in the world . 
  fuck off whichever way you like . 
  how about your just a shear irish genocide denier . 
  well they should n't worry as they 're all going to heaven while the rest of the heathens will burn in hell . 
  but they 're wrong . 
  it was a mass starvation and the apologist view is finally being challenged . 
  west brit historians who lick royal cock . 
  still below pre british genocide population level though . 
   did the british government at the time pursue policies with the goal to starve irish people ? 
  the british policies of privation intensified over time . 
  at the start of the 17th cen 90 % of the land was in native ownership , by the end of the same century , especially after the cromwellian conquest , only 10 % of the land was in native hands . 
  any one telling you these policies were beneficial to the native population is a fucking muppet , a wanker , a cunt of the highest order . 
  he 's just saying the option is there if it 's wanted , alternatively eea membership would probably be the more practical given the circumstances . 
  what are you babbling on about ? 
  the rcc the brits reestablished was an anti irish culture agency . 
  the brits used the rcc as a weapon to suppress dissent , especially by threatening excommunication against those who interfered with the export of food from ireland when millions were starving to death . 
   no , they 're saying it was intentional then they agree with that the mass starvation of ireland was genocidal . 
  there was no shortage of food in ireland so it ca n't be called a famine . 
  only british cunts do that . 
   what the hell happened this time ? 
  could it be another older generation of native speaker dying off ? 
  considering education through irish is growing trend this could be the only explanation . 
  you 're a brit genocide apologist . 
  so the holocaust was a famine . 
  fuck off you gimp . 
  intentional starvation as british policy is the truth . 
  those radical buddhists with their extremist yoga !, 
  what 's the brown people religion ? 
  for some people their religion is just a shitty to beat brown people with . 
  negotiations would differ from talks in that a framework has been agreed whereas mere talks are non committal . 
  there 's some truth in that but that was happening in the good times too , i remember staying on the dole for six months so i would qualify for a free back to education funding . 
  triggered !, 
  watch how many are triggered when you say ireland is not a british isle !, 
  i do n't see the what your point is . 
  maybe you 're just wrong . 
  i 've worked alongside croats in ireland over a decade ago . 
  used to be but even while tens of thousands left after the property bubble burst the majority were skilled immigrants and many , including myself returned when things started picking up again . 
  i 'm away again cause of a great career opportunity for my wife . 
  what was interesting during the recent exodus was that immigration into ireland continued during the bust as there were loads of jobs we were n't interested in doing in traditional sectors like agriculture and hospitality . 
  now having lived abroad a good few times i am interested in how the irish figures might be skewed . 
  now i know it says people born in any given country but are uk citizens in northern ireland counted as irish abroad ? 
  they have the right to dual citizenship and i 've met some who 've never bothered with a uk passport . 
   for example we feel for your troubles with the brits , but most importantly you respect the importance of the pub !, 
  a bar manager in one of my local pubs is a croat and he fits right in with the craic . 
  i believe the indifferent who 've never known a border may change their mind once there 's one reinstated . 
  wasnt the norman claim inclusive of north france , hence the three lions ? 
  wasnt the norman claim inclusive of north france , hence the three lions ? 
  its britain who 's creating this scenario . 
  they were norman rulers of england . 
  even cromwell used the notion of foreign norman rule to muster anti royalist support . 
  i get your point but the underlying trend means non-eu immigration should now start to outpace eu arrivals . 
  how can there be clashes with the english when they were n't on the island ? 
  two of the too three immigrant groups are non-eu , india and pakistan . 
  india will probably regain the top spot from poland . 
  it did n't need to be unified as everyone was local until the british plantations . 
  ireland was not willingly partitioned , that happened against the democratic will of the whole island . 
  if you say otherwise then brexit should be ignored . 
  only in the eyes of a foreign occupier . 
  a nation in rebellion .
