  well the imperial attitude that the eu has to align in the uk 's interest was alive and well during and after the brexit vote . 
  uk entered the eec in 1973 without requiring a referendum as the government was sovereign to make that decision on behalf of the queens subjects . 
  both the 1975 and last years brexit vote were advisory . 
  eu states are unlikely to veto the uk reentry if it meets all the criteria as a new member . 
   as long as the rest of europe did n't tread on our toes , everything was fine . 
  and therein lay the problem , the eu is a collaborative effort and not a supermarket that the uk could dip into when it felt like it . 
  and yes , i agree about your newspapers . 
  but the uk had no problem with telling us how we 're doing it wrong . 
  the truth is brits honestly believe the eu should realign to suit its interests and this condescension could be found in both the remain and leave campaigns . 
  that would mean something if the uk had actually been a committed member . 
  it only substituted the eec for its lost empire . 
  the eus a50 negotiating team was assembled last october and its objectives clarified in april . 
  where 's the uk ? 
   kindly fuck off , mr. macron . 
  how about having a eu wide referendum about that instead ? 
  the eu is a voluntary union of sovereign states , it is not a federation . 
  the path to reentry is clearly specified in a50 where it refers to the reentry procedure as a49 of the lisbon treaty . 
  it would probably be easier to reapply than seek an extension of a50 . 
  did n't may complain about the eu meeting without her ? 
  the departure process has begun and uk meps are sidelined from all votes that may benefit the uk after it leaves the eu . 
  there are still housekeeping matters that the uk is involved in whilst the eu treaties apply but otherwise it now is no longer considered a committed member . 
  the uks current status is departing member as in they 're uncommitted to the eus future and are therefore sidelined from decisions of the blocs future as that may favour them post brexit . 
  if your interpretation was valid then the eu would not have been meeting without the uk since last june . 
  lord buckethead should get his ass to brussels for monday , just in case . 
  an extension of a50 is not a suspension or nullification of the process so the uk remains a departing member rather than a full member . 
  it ca n't have a say in an economic bloc that it will be competing with at some future date . 
   these both require uk participation or absence , not something in between . 
  clause 4 of a50 states :  for the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3 , the member of the european council or of the council representing the withdrawing member state shall not participate in the discussions of the european council or council or in decisions concerning it . 
  if the uk did get an extension it would have to accept future eu financial commitments that it has no say in . 
  agreed . 
  protecting freedom of movement is as much a red line for the eu as ending it is for the uk . 
  i ca n't see a way out at present . 
  to be honest i ca n't see even that package being accepted , even corbyn said freedom of movement is out . 
  may is weak and lacking a mandate . 
  gove or farage at the negotiating table will descend into a shambles leaving the eu with no options but to cobble together a `` take it or leave it '' fee paying associate membership whilst having to adhere to the four freedoms . 
  i ca n't see the talks being extended without the uk having to give concessions after wasting so much time already . 
  i you 're into archeaology there 's a fantastic tour of the [ necropolis underneath the basilica . 
  ] ( http://www.vatican.va/various/basiliche/necropoli/scavi_english.html ) other than that my favorite memory is sitting in the colonnade looking out over the square while enjoying a few tins of beer on a wet night in february when it was entirely empty . 
  i believe that did happen . 
  strip away their protestant concerns and what are they as a political party ? 
  at least the republic is for everyone . 
  actually it 's the british protestant fundamentalists that oppose the peace process . 
  the dup was founded by the reverend ian paisley of the free presbyterian church in northern ireland . 
  [ here 's ian paisley calling pope john paul the anti christ in the european parliament . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlbmimbkza4 ) the dup is the political front of protestant christian fundamentalism in northern ireland . 
  they believe that god favoured them and that the irish are an inferior people that they can intimidate and attack because of their catholicism . 
  protestant supremacy of course . 
  the dup founder ian paisley stood up in the eu parliament to call pope john paul the anti christ . 
  we live in the 21st century , they live in the 17th . 
  they campaign for an eu/uk border before anything else , saying they prefer it soft is just an empty platitude . 
  they 're already demanding that the ban on the most contentious sectarian orange order march be lifted so that the protestant fundamentalists can march through an irish community to remind the catholics residents whose side god favoured in a battle fought over 300 years ago . 
  it 's the dup who asking for him . 
  they 'd be happy with splendid isolation for the uk . 
  the dup want to ensure there 's a hard eu border . 
  it 's in their political interest to reverse the cross border economic growth on the island . 
  the dup were using the `` cake and eat it too '' narrative , basically if there 's a hard border it be the eus fault even though they campaigned for a hard uk border . 
  they want to stop the economic growth with the republic that 's grown strong since the security border came down after the goof friday agreement . 
  alas when the provo 's are angry with the british government it 's the irish population that bares the brunt . 
  lol, 
  i have blocked a few wasters but i bet kinggeorgecommands is prominent . 
  sure the uk can decide what it wants but the eu is made up of treaties . 
  as far as the eu 27 are concerned those treaties no longer cover the uk after march 2019 unless they unanimously grant an extension . 
  however there is no way the eu 27 will grant a reversal without concessions from the uk . 
  until he brings an actual challenge his contribution remains an opinion . 
  farage and bojo have opinions too . 
  major flaw with your link , it cites common travel legislation when in reality the cta is no where existent as a legal agreement . 
  that 's why checks vary so much in the region as there 's no existing framework to reference . 
  all pieces of legislation can be challenged but your link does n't give one example of a reason for such a challenge . 
   two days beforehand irish officials were subject to what one source described as a sustained diplomatic offensive by britain to try to block the declaration . 
  i wonder if may will now insist that it 's irish people who are being unreasonable to take offense at orange order mobs attacking their communities . 
  breixt wo n't affect irish nurses as all irish citizens are treated as non-foreign for the purposes of uk domestic law under the 1949 republic of ireland act in westminster . 
  it 's the reason i could vote in the uk election but other eu citizens could n't , expect those from malta and cyprus . 
  i think we 're crossed wires . 
  politically a50 is revokable with unanimous consent of the eu 27 . 
  however in irelands case that would require a national referendum to change the wording of the eu treaties they are written into irelands constitution . 
  now if the dups right to intimidate the irish population in northern ireland is supported by the tories then i can guarantee that the irish population will not provide consent to change the wording of a50 . 
  i thought the irish nuns were bad . 
  there are actually tariffs in the customs union . 
  or just tip it over . 
  very well said . 
  well that 's your opinion . 
  you ca n't stand him but amongst my friends his articles are widely shared and commented upon as being good concise summations of brexit . 
  perhaps he 's not partisan enough for you but he ca n't be as he 's not uk based . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i do n't know you or him personally but his coverage of brexit has been excellent and widely recirculated throughout the global media . 
  if you 're a fan of brexit then i can totally understand why you 'd find him painful . 
  the dup campaigned for there to be an eu/uk border . 
  their soft border desire is irreconcilable with controled immigration so can be dismissed as an empty platitude . 
  when mouthed by buffoons such talk is dismissed as idiocy but with the dup there 's at the heart of their identity a reflexive isolationism in motion . 
  every economic argument says that brexit will hit ulster the hardest yet apartness is the bedrock of the ulster unionist identity . 
  they 'd rather suffer further economic decline than continue to see their grip on power erode as the economy fuses more with the republic as had been happening since the removal of the hard border . 
   the first part is correct , although i do feel like the author constructed that sentence to try and show of their vocabulary more than anything else , but the second part is not true . 
  trading would return to wto rules . 
  trade would not stop , the planes would n't fall out the sky , it would just become more expensive . 
  which of course is a bad thing , but that 's not what the author said . 
  but he 's not wrong . 
  airlines are warning that if new agreements are n't in place then they ca n't take bookings for the start of 2019 and will not be able to fly . 
  i disagree . 
  he 's been on the money with his analysis of brexit over the last year . 
  he provides a far clearer view of the entire picture than anything you 'll find in the uk media .
