  brexit is n't about sense . 
  there 'll be market tested access to the irish eu job market for non eu citizens but for the uk to do that out of spite for the consequences of its actions would pointless . 
  most irish citizens in the uk are there over five years and can apply for the naturalisation process , same with uk citizens in ireland . 
  all my english colleagues who were eligible started their irish naturalization process in the weeks after the vote . 
  besides the uk residency right granted under the 1949 act were to accommodate those who still identified as british so i do n't the little englanders will want to shut out any potential royalists hiding in the hills of ireland . 
   people can go on with their lives and eu member states still benefit from talent , money , etc that migration brings . 
  and they can do that without handing out citizenship to brits . 
  talented people as you say will have no problem securing work permits like everyother non-eu entrant . 
  if eu states just confer citizenship on uk citizenship then they 'll be expected to do it for citizens of other no-eu nations . 
  the eu does n't have to do anything except look out for its own citizens . 
  the right for uk and irish citizens to reside in eachothers territories has nothing to with eu membership . 
  brits wo n't lose residency rights in ireland , they 'll just lose free access to irelands eu job market . 
  jobs will will go to eu citizens first and then all other comers . 
  irish citizens rights in the uk have nothing to do with eu membership . 
  but if the uk crashed out , left the eu effectively next week leaving eu citizens in the uk with no rights , then under what residency agreement can uk citizens continue living in the eu ? 
  the cta does n't confer any rights . 
  it 's an ad-hoc travel arrangement that has no legal agreements and is recognised only in eu treaties as a working arrangement separate to schengen . 
  irish citizens are not considered foreign for the purposes of domestic law under the 1949 republic of ireland act . 
   depends if the eu wants to throw the irish under the bus and forces the uk to take a hard line . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  brits wanted out of the eu so they wo n't have free access to the irish republics eu job market . 
  we 've known that from day one . 
   the uk and the roi will probably keep reciprocal rights for each others citizens . 
  what reciprocal agreement ? 
   i would go as far as to say that we should grant them the same status as an eu citizen within our borders . 
  what munificent status does the uk grant eu nationals that brits in the eu do n't enjoy ? 
  british nationalism subjugates the component cultures and is more associated with a union formed for imperial conquest . 
  an anachronism in this age . 
  so british nationalism is ok but scottish nationalism is bad ? 
  british nationalism good , scottish nationalism bad ? 
  well scotland has oil reserves that england does n't but that 's not a necessity for eu membership . 
  maintaining and complying with the four freedoms is the basic foundation of membership . 
  england/wales do n't like freedom of movement so they 're leaving the eu . 
  the funny thing is that scotland as a new eu member would have a veto on england rejoining the eu in the future . 
  well considering scotland already complies with eu regulations it 's not like there 's a compliance gulf to be bridged . 
  it would a waste of previously spent eu money there to drag it longer than needed . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  that 35 % are now called uk remoaners . 
  there was this thing last year called brexit , and no it 's not a type of biscuit . 
  anti-vaxxer logic : demands to be allowed medical access for their child while at the same time not trusting established medical practice . 
  [ i think the eu white paper diagram got the uks departing status correct and that could be incorporated . 
  ] ( https://i1.wp.com/blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/files/2017/03/featuredimagebasedoncomwhitepaper.png?resize=350%2c200 ), 
  i really like mancunians , some of the nicest people i 've met but that accent does my head in . 
  sometimes when they talk all i hear is quack , quack , quack !, 
  should the question be should an eu defense pact take precedence before nato , especially when a nato member like turkey becomes increasingly autocratic . 
  well your opinion is not baseless . 
  thanks for the perspective . 
  ah , there 's a few extremely strong accents that need translation , same could be said of ireland . 
  there 's part of cork and kerry where i can barely understand the accent . 
  meh , we 'll just take their companies as they take back control . 
  the official irish republic harp is in reverse to the one shown . 
  it really is dangerously good stuff . 
  were n't soldier shot if they refused to carry out genocide ? 
  team gb was an equal opportunities executioner . 
  leaving the ecj will allow team gb to shoot unarmed civilians again without fear of prosecution . 
  empire . 
  the ultimate blood spot . 
  well genocide is a british sport . 
  what happened is not shitposting . 
  you really should have more respect but then again you are british and you respect nothing . 
  are you calling discussing the numerous british genocides shitposting ? 
  holocaust denier much . 
  well the empire did get around !, 
  ireland had its british nazi rule but more and more the irish language is permeating back into general society . 
  english is a global tool and certainly spoken more coherently in other countries as a second language than it is spoken in england . 
  i would suggest that english go to europe to improve their english but free movement may be a problem in the future . 
  the language died by forced starvation under british rule so the brits are directly responsible . 
  arlene foster equated irish language speakers as reptilian and that they should n't be fed . 
  very british attitude . 
  that 's shit . 
  keep safe . 
  i 'd like to say worst of the ugly side is over but i 've too many memories of how irish people were treated in the uk in the 70s and 80s . 
  at least you 're not up north . 
  your choice . 
  as long as you 're not getting shit for being polish in the uk . 
  it 's still weird that a uk government can be formed with 11.000.000 votes but ukip with 4.000.000 votes only got one seat !, 
  however it does explain why may went total ukipper after the vote , she has to win as many of that 4.000.000 for the next election . 
  but they were uk citizens and bombs going off in belfast , london or manchester makes it an internal uk conflict although you seem to be in denial about it . 
  the dublin and monaghan bombings were actually a direct attack against the irish state by british nationalists who enjoyed the protection of the british state and its forces . 
  ironically bannon may only aid unity in defiance . 
  yeah , the usa and its lapdog uk go destabalise the middleeast and then tell us we 're handling the ensuing refugee crisis they created badly . 
  become ? 
  if you know your own countries barbaric history you 'd know that the bombers were all uk citizens . 
  as were the uk government backed bombers that let off bombs in dublin and belfast . 
  a pole with a union jack flair ? 
  do you have no problem with the usa charging you an esta fee ? 
  no penal laws like the british enforced in ireland ? 
  the funny thing i can see england returning the eea at least but with a currency pegged to the euro . 
  irish and english are the two legal languages . 
  people have a choice . 
  irish peasants did n't have a choice and had to adapt english in order to survive under direct british tyrannical rule that saw the irish population halve in half a century . 
  the loss of irish is a damning reminder of the brutality of british rule . 
  at least now we can use english to remind the british of their savagery . 
  the maldivians can learn spanish for all i care . 
  it 's democratic now thanks to the peace process made possible by common membership of the eu , which the uk is now abandoning . 
  why are you so hostile towards the peace process or would you prefer to resort back to your ways of sending in your army to shoot unarmed people in the street ? 
  you 're loyalist dup leader arlene foster called irish reptiles to be starved . 
  you probably love that . 
  who did you oppress to get to the falklands . 
  the forests of ireland were denuded for your navy .
