  it was tool to escape the policies of privation enforced by an occupier . 
  we celebrate our writers but not the language . 
  for example we never taught english in school . 
  i learned literature written in english but not english itself . 
  there are many more europeans who actual learn english properly rather than our hiberno adaption . 
  you mean inter island movement , whats this border you speak of ? 
  english only became widespread after the famine and our proficiency is not celebrated . 
  legally irish and english are the official languages . 
  why would we tie ourselves to a sinking ship ? 
  the uk may decide to place their immigration checkpoints at northern ireland ports . 
  the eu does have an influence , there is n't an open door between oz and the uk for instance . 
  yes currently under this legislation ,  it is hereby declared that , notwithstanding that the republic of ireland is not part of his majesty 's dominions , the republic of ireland is not a foreign country for the purposes of any law in force in any part of the united kingdom or in any colony , protectorate or united kingdom trust territory , whether by virtue of a rule of law or of an act of parliament or any other enactment or instrument whatsoever , whether passed or made before or after the passing of this act , and references in any act of parliament , other enactment or instrument whatsoever , whether passed or made before or after the passing of this act , to foreigners , aliens , foreign countries , and foreign or foreign-built ships or aircraft shall be construed accordingly . 
  but we do n't know how bat shit crazy things will get . 
  that may be so but if the uk puts restrictions on eu citizens then the irish republic will reciprocate those restrictions on uk passport holders . 
  in the irish republic eu law will trump the cta . 
  whether the uk continues to recognise irish citizens under the its own legislation is a non eu matter . 
   it is hereby declared that , notwithstanding that the republic of ireland is not part of his majesty 's dominions , the republic of ireland is not a foreign country for the purposes of any law in force in any part of the united kingdom or in any colony , protectorate or united kingdom trust territory , whether by virtue of a rule of law or of an act of parliament or any other enactment or instrument whatsoever , whether passed or made before or after the passing of this act , and references in any act of parliament , other enactment or instrument whatsoever , whether passed or made before or after the passing of this act , to foreigners , aliens , foreign countries , and foreign or foreign-built ships or aircraft shall be construed accordingly . 
  yes that 's true . 
  however northern ireland producers will want to protect their eu trade with the republic and in would be in their interest to police the ports to stop ni being a backdoor . 
  northern ireland is the most heavily dependent on eu money so there is a will . 
  perfect !, 
  we do n't know what restrictions what restrictions the uk may impose on eu citizens yet . 
  for example if uk impose a travel visa on eu citizens , the eu will reciprocate . 
  now we may have free movement on ireland but if a northern ireland resident visits the republic on their uk passport without an eu visa they may be detained and deported . 
  however if they visit the republic on their republic passport , no problem . 
  al most right . 
  ni still remains part of the uk , but not part of the eu although all its residents are eligible for eu citizenship via the republic . 
  so the uk would be funding a region of eu citizens . 
  they uk ca n't restrict free movement of irish eu citizens in northern ireland . 
  i ca n't see ukip supporters wanting to support that situation . 
   let 's not see a return of this . 
  i severely doubt it . 
  it was a lot easier to create those posts when few people had cars and the roads were quiet . 
  now with their own telecommunications and transport people can mobilize a lot more to oppose them . 
  thank you . 
  i also do weddings and funerals . 
  which part of unionist did you miss ? 
  it 's their dna . 
  but unlike the ukip crowd , they 're not wanting to burn down the economic gains of the last two decades . 
  it 's a good thing the new sterling notes are waterproof !, 
  it 's a different debate though . 
  the eu might never recognise an independent ni but all ni residents are already entitled to eu citizenship through a republic passport . 
  so the uk will be subsidizing a region of eu citizens . 
   i mean , it 's really up to the uk if they will accept domestic restriction between ni and the rest of the uk or not . 
  not entirely true . 
  they still have to recognise the free movement of irish passport holders as under the good friday agreement . 
  north ireland citizens can hold both passports . 
  i did n't take that from the piece , donaldson of the dup basically wants the same special status as flanagan is talking about but he still has to come at it from his communities point of view which protects their link with the uk . 
  the dup also do n't want the more moderate uup to gain any political capital from this which is why they rather it remain a heads of government debate rather than the all inclusive debate kenny was proposing . 
  the truth is no one really knows until we see what barriers the uk government puts up against eu citizens . 
  the republic certainly is n't going to police any uk restrictions on eu citizens crossing the border . 
  border checkpoints on the island would just be sniper target practice . 
  plus if the brits ca n't restrict irish passports holders under the good friday agreement so the only workable solution is passport control at northern ireland ports . 
  that way the unionists are happily still part of the uk and irish citizens are unrestricted in northern ireland . 
  potato blight happened across western europe but famine only happened in ireland because of the british policies of privation . 
  i 'm taking eu labour . 
  look . 
  you keep say we did nothing . 
  a nation that has for hundreds of years been subjected to policies of privation is to somehow take on a seasoned military machine . 
  you hate for us only providing refuge . 
  we looked after lots of families from then north over the years but give up on this idea that we could have taken them on . 
  jesus , ireland was asset stripped of hope too , that takes time to rekindle . 
  if northern ireland wants to be independent , it 's own country , then great , i 'm all for it but we do what we can to help but do n't blame us if it does n't meet your expectations . 
  i 'm glad you did n't . 
  it will be tricky for these banks to know what to do until they know what restrictions they 'll face after brexit . 
  if you 're happier being british then best of luck to you . 
  your royal toddler might have done something adoration today , you better go check . 
  yeah well we had 8 million 1840 , a hundred years later it was 4 million . 
  it 's been slowing recovering since the 1950s . 
  those are valid points , trying to get third level graduates to do manual work and leave urbanity certainly would n't be appreciated by majority of voters . 
  did n't stop me form emigrating for work when i needed to . 
  irish people helped , to say otherwise is a lie . 
  you 're trying to dirty the entire people . 
  you halved our population , then divided our country and tell us it happened because you let us . 
  good luck with your brexit . 
  it ca n't happen soon enough . 
  ireland is geopolitically non-aligned , you know that . 
  but to the say the irish people did n't help during the troubles is a lie . 
  there 's no point continuing , i 'm sure there 's some news update about the royal toddler that you 'd find more interesting . 
   in my village in the south of portugal , one of the poorest regions of the eurozone , we have thousands of pakistanis , thais , indians , etc. 
  for doing the farm work . 
  anyone in doubt now about portugal and spain `` suffering '' from no work for young people ? 
  basically more immigrants from india and pakistan to replace europeans . 
  you 're presuming there 's an endless supply of said labour , which there is n't . 
  if things were so `` normal '' then who come it took a century before the uk head could visit ? 
  fecking hell , west brit much . 
  the british army killed irish people on a civil rights march and then the uk administration through loyalist paramilitaries launched a bombing campaign on dublin . 
  the nation reacted . 
  actually it was so warm that the british embassy in dublin was burned out in 1972 . 
  you see they do n't refer to it as empire but as britain . 
  it 's forgotten that the australian flag was the union jack until the 50s for instance . 
  yeah !, 
  interesting . 
  years ago i worked in an early school leaver training centre and one of the metric used to define poverty was not having the cable channels . 
   almost nothing will be worked out and we 'll go our separate ways politically funny you mentioned that . 
  when ireland did its full brexit by declaring a republic without consultation , westminster enacted the republic of ireland act which stated that all irish citizens were to be considered not foreign for the purposes of law . 
  probably the same thing now . 
  hey , it 's too early in the day for fighting . 
  knock it off ya drongo . 
  what 's the `` working poor rate '' doing ?
