  so essentially she 's saying she 'll take the uk all the way out of the eu and assuming that it 's reversible if parliament vote it down . 
  i 'm really surprised the markets have n't absorbed how much worse this news is . 
  thanks , good link . 
  that is serious . 
  technically lots of countries are in extinction trends , i think at current replacement levels japan as a nation will cease to exist in a 1000 years !, 
  yip . 
  [ europe is shrinking . 
  ] ( https://populationpyramid.net/europe/2016/ ), 
  yes , we all walk around with pigs under our arms . 
  where there 's muck , there 's money !, 
  all eu countries are under replacement levels as far i know , and russia is supposedly worse !, 
  she ca n't go small economy model with 70 million people , where would she make up the shortfall if they cut corp tax ? 
  the uk is fubared . 
   if there 's no executive in stormont christ on a bike , it 's like may is already juggling flaming knifes and now someone throws in a revving chainsaw just for the craic . 
   it is a disgrace that they rely on the us for their security without pulling their weight . 
  how much of that narrative is pushed though by usa arms industry . 
  i mean would you ask a barber if you need a haircut . 
  yeah , some polish friends of mine told me their relatives in the uk got verbal abuse in the weeks before and after the vote , `` we voted you out , now leave '' kinda of shit . 
  thankfully nothing more serious but people are definitely keeping their heads down . 
  after that we 'll be giving workshops on how to bring britain to the negotiating table . 
  with their ikea mosques springing up everywhere !, 
  right now someone is explaining to trump where ukraine is . 
  the island of ireland is happy to nominate its loyal sons of ulster , the entire orange order for landmine clearance duty . 
  yes he might even lure australia out of the eu . 
  this is beyond silly . 
  it feels like international politics has taken on a tv show format and we 're all supposed to play along . 
  fuck it , if the usa deals are as shitty as their cars ai n't no one going to bite . 
  i think everyone has written him as a buffoon , even putin . 
  his voters just wanted to handroll a grenade into washington , they do n't give a shit about anything outside american except hot euro porn . 
  but if you 're on an italian passport you can live and work in germany or any eu state as an eu citizen . 
  yeah , i 'm probably just going to nip back to ireland for dental . 
  taken on as a patient . 
  penny drop yet ? 
  probably will tomorrow after may squawks !, 
  i ca n't claim it was directly brexit related but i was refused to be taken on by a local practice because i was foreign . 
  when i cited the relevant laws they were breaking they quickly changed their excuse . 
  about two decades ago i visited a field outside budapest where all the soviet statues were dumped . 
  i wonder if its still there . 
  what was post soviet saying , we tried the future , it does n't work !, 
  sounds impressive . 
  when i hear hammond and threat [ this ] ( https://ithinkthereforeiamsterdam.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/anarchy.jpg ) comes to mind . 
  it 's a cut if it fails to match growing demand . 
   you ca n't really confront nationalist feelings with rational argumentation , so my only hope is that an alternative pro-eu discourse gets articulated before these people become the majority - once this happens , the battle is lost . 
  what 's wrong with nationalist feeling if it is n't at any other nations expense ? 
  using a voluntary union of nation states as a weapon against one countries nationalism you do n't like alienates all other nations in the bloc . 
   the us and the uk have always been the champions of globalization , when they were leading it !, 
  the rise of the rest is causing status anxiety . 
  i think one babyboomer trump supporter summed up best , she said she did n't want to be the last american generation who had it better than their parents . 
  well there 's no avoiding it . 
  the post war world , apart from australia , canada , new zealand and the usa was bombed out , under dictatorship or under developed . 
  that post war headstart is gone and trump ca n't bring back that golden economic era . 
  the thing that brexit and trump cheerleaders keep overlooking is that isolationists movement in different nations do n't unite internationally as that would defeat their purpose . 
  see all the people who think trump is going to do a great deal for the uk forget that this is the kind of tax baiting that trump said he stood against . 
  are canada and the eu comparable ? 
  is n't canada mostly a commodity export economy like australia ? 
  it all depends on whether you value social stability over profit . 
  i think coals share of germanys energy mix increased since the move away from nuclear but overall coal use has n't increased . 
  our tangent was spun off your assertion that officials would n't admit something until it happened , remember ? 
   obviously these eu officials would be the last to know or admit such thing until it happens . 
  serious think about what you wrote . 
  eu officials ca n't admit to anything that an individual member state decides to do as that is a memberstate issue and not a collective eu issue . 
  do you seriously think that the eu official from ireland or malta is ignoring brexit as part of their duty ? 
   this is n't about you . 
  ireland is an eu member . 
   this post is about eu officials . 
  who work for eu member states . 
  did you think the eu is a country ? 
   still in denial even after the vote , imagine if they had to forecast it years in advance . 
  denial ? 
  brexit is the best thing to happen the eu to be honest . 
  the uk were always cantankerous half members wanting constant optouts and now as they are leaving they are demanding optins . 
  nah , brexit ca n't happen soon enough . 
  well best of luck competing against them . 
   the ability to reduce tariffs was one of the reasons i voted leave . 
  you had tariff free trade with eu/eea members and if you could n't compete with that level field then really brexit is merely a ostrich move . 
   the uk is not as integrated as some states in the continent indeed , it may merely switch to their opt-outs becoming their opt-ins with no chair at the eu table . 
  so is this trump staffer a relation or what ? 
  dollar hegemony is threatened , expect more eu doomsaying form the anglosphere media . 
  breaking up the uk ? 
   or admit such thing until it happens . 
  ... it 's not like brexit happened in secret . 
  but ireland is not a native speaker of english , hiberno english at least which is an entirely different thing . 
  i bet you see a lot of people complaining about the way its taught which is an entirely different matter . 
  until an gorta mor irish was common outside the pale and would still be so if people were n't starved into adopting english . 
  under british colonial rule ireland 's population was halved in the 19th cen so you can see why people will readily say english is a legal language but not the native language . 
  there 's no pride in speaking the language of the nation that tried to destroy you . 
  now in the eu and no longer totally dependent on the anglosphere for trade and opportunity irish is starting to regain a confidence in usage . 
  and r/ireland is representative of the entire people of ireland ? 
   well apparently irish people do n't care ... that 's being presumptuous , do all usa citizens like trump just because just over a quarter of those eligible to vote chose him ? 
  but you asserted ...  only the irish let their language die because it 's `` useless '' and then blame the imperial nation of the language death . 
  you are just lazy crybabies . 
  being impoverished and starved over centuries into adopting an occupiers language is an entirely different proposition to the examples you just gave . 
  irish people speaking english is the greatest reminder of their brutality . 
  not surprising the irish language revival had at its head descendants of the very anglo aristocracy that had supplanted the native . 
  sorry i had been talking with someone from dundee about the oil price drop affecting scottish towns and maybe made a wrong connection . 
   only the irish let their language die because it 's `` useless '' and then blame the imperial nation of the language death . 
  you are just lazy crybabies . 
  do you know anything about the irish penal laws and an gorta mor ? 
  but we are the victim and part of our nation is occupied by an imperial force . 
  boohoo to the poor colonialist mindset , they lost their colonies .
