  it was the british loyalist uvf who imported guns from germany to oppose that act of parliament . 
  it was british terrorists who brought the gun into irish politics . 
  it was a british terrorist who killed jo cox . 
  the british nation asserting its will saw the irish population halved in the 19th century . 
  it 's a terrible nuisance when the nation you invaded fights back , how very savage of them . 
  the eu is made up of democratic sovereign states with converging interests . 
  perceptions of democracy are as various as the number of members . 
  i 'm happy with the talk shop arrangement whereby common rules and obligations are trashed out , i think the voluntary nature of the project makes it more robust . 
  i guess it 's depends on what each nations nationalism looks like . 
  for example in ireland the most nationalist parties are pro-eu , i do n't think there 's any party that 's outright anti-eu . 
  however my english friends in ireland dread english/british nationalism which they say is racist skinhead thuggery . 
  wow , it must have been a smack in the head when they realised immigrants meant them too !, 
  we 're happy with an independent ni too as the good friday agreement allows . 
  unfortunately brexit brings immediate economic concerns to the forefront of the debate . 
  ni is heavily dependent on eu funding but under the gfa they can stay in the eu by the path of reunification . 
  they can also choose the scottish path of independence and then the membership application process but that could be a long road that many in both communities feel will seriously set back the ni economy . 
  i never thought i 'd see the day that ian paisley jr was encouraging his constituents to apply for their irish republic passports . 
  brexit has really shook things up . 
  wow , you caught me out there . 
  would you like some cat treats now ? 
  as for ni , you 'll have to accommodate all those who cling mother britain for their identity . 
   but saying as you are irish , i can understand why you hate us . 
  as a society british is entitled to its own happiness . 
  blaming us or any of the other members of the eu for the inequalities in british society is like blaming iceland for how shit the english team is . 
  the eu did n't ask the uk to have a brexit vote whereas the irish votes were on eu law that affected all members so they could be consulted upon for reassurances . 
  brexit was an unambiguous in/out question , there 's no way anyone can say the question was n't clear . 
  you 're like a cat , bawling to leave and then just sitting there when the door is held open for you . 
  what 's wrong , too wet and cold out there kitty ? 
  maybe if you just keep licking your butt everyone will forget about article 50 . 
  my aunt uses her us passport just for travel to and from the us and uses her irish passport for europe . 
  never had a problem . 
  he rightly shut down farage . 
  to be honest he expresses a lot of common held feelings about the half hearted uk membership . 
  yikes , it 's $ 180 a week for over 25s here . 
  current exchange rate would be # 150 . 
  on top of that you get rent allowance . 
  i know a good few brits in ireland who were much happier on the dole here during the the recession than heading back to the uk for work . 
  what 's the basic dole rate ? 
  we realized that the prospect of a united ireland has been brought forward a few generations but the thought of all those noisy northerners has quietly uneased us . 
  if we could just encourage all those who identify as brits to actually leave northern ireland for britain that would be great . 
  but if scotland leaves and the union jack is unwoven then we 're stuck with a bunch a cultureless thugs !, 
  you 're way behind , we have irish pubs as forward positions everywhere . 
  we 're going to conquer europe with alcohol , song and a good laugh . 
  you are welcome . 
  ireland is not the uk . 
  back to the end of the queue for you . 
  you can be nationalist and pro-eu . 
  i agree . 
  cork , nice county , horrible accent !, 
  it will pass in a generation or two , even sooner if scotland pulls the trigger on great britain . 
  i reckon we 'll see a norway style membership where by everyone is happy but if scotland successfully rejoins the eu then independent england will follow . 
  alternatively we could just invade you for a change and keep you in the eu as a protectorate . 
  irish pubs everywhere !, 
  so basically in the future the uks knowledge of the eu will improve . 
  but a generational change is what 's required for britain to realise it ca n't dictate to a voluntary union . 
  in britains defense it has a memory of globalism independent of european alliances . 
  the world has moved on but its hard for a culture that give the world its first truly global empire to shake off that memory . 
  scotland knows the world has changed but i think in time england will realise that `` having it our own way '' is but a memory . 
  yeah , nothing rankles a staunch british unionist more than being called mick or paddy by the people he adores . 
  the more a referendum is denied the more certain demand for one will increase . 
  gove has come out against free movement with the eu so he 's all on for a hard border . 
  he 's a mad cunt and knowing the mad cunts as long as we have i would n't put it past them to stoke up the troubles again just to rile up british nationalism . 
  go up to belfast on the night of the 11th july and tell me ni is n't controversial . 
  then you 'll see british supremacism at is finest . 
  english is actually going to be used more now that the uk is gone as it does n't favour any of the remaining major languages . 
  you had home rule , the uvf armed themselves against democratic will but the british government sided with paramilitaries . 
  a united ireland will be by consent . 
  i have no problem with with an independent northern ireland if it heralds the end of sectarianism . 
  nah , the uk were very involved in the project until they left the erm in 92 . 
  it 's ironic really as vodafone was a poster child for borderless business and now because of brexit they 're talking of leaving the home country as most of their business now is elsewhere . 
  which one is the imported culture ? 
  which side did the british government collude with ? 
  brexit serves the uk right , divide conquer came home to roost . 
  quick : yes . 
  fair : maybe but the eu must come first . 
  it 's the uk that chose to leave . 
  i ca n't see 8 and 9 happening without the eu demanding an end of the uk exemptions like the # . 
  the continued its slide against the euro today , that 's the rate to watch as that 's the direction business is taking . 
  british unionists have been do shit like this in northern ireland every year around july 12th they burn eu and irish flags and effigies of the pope or whoever they hate currently hate . 
  it 's blatant british bigotry yet constantly gets overlooked in britain itself . 
  the uk has the power to stop this shit but do n't . 
  yes , by the end of this the queen will be monarch of the eu , sterling will replace the euro , europe will drive on the left , and greggs will be eu wide . 
  it can get sub-zero if the next uk prime-minister delays . 
  i got to be honest , the longer it 's delayed the worse the uks already weak negotiating position will be . 
  eu patience will wear thin . 
  limerick is where it 's at . 
  nice big mostly empty airport , great surfing , plus more supermacs than cork . 
  do n't be that obnoxious drunk guy ruining the party . 
  you 're smashed so go out on the balcony and get some air . 
  i do n't know what 's wrong with them wanting to kick out the beautiful polish women . 
  after the benign response of the british government towards the larne gun run , home rule was meaningless . 
  plus after the easter rising the british government knew it could n't possibly introduce conscription . 
  well ireland had been brought to its knees under britain , there was little to lose . 
  it 's hard to fathom now but under a foreign rule irelands population was halved . 
  hey , we take a hit no doubt but britain blaming us for their internal imbalances is like them blaming iceland for the state or their football team . 
  brexit was an implosion but article 50 is our protection from being sucked in . 
  once the process is in motion everyone gets back certainty . 
  ah just do an ireland and declare a republic !, 
  you 're pissing in the wind waiting for westminster . 
  good return .
