  because the irish independent newspaper needs something to stoke up its core readership . 
  well no one is in doubt of intent and that 's enough . 
  the alternative to a50 is limbo . 
  jo cox murderer shouts britain first over her body but he 's termed by the media as unwell , disturbed or mentality i 'll . 
  it just verifies the old maxim that the terrorist is the one with the smaller arsenal . 
  its the british empire emigrant communities from which home grown british jihadists emerge . 
  your point is valid but leaving the eu was not the solution when you consider 2 out of 3 of the largest immigrant groups are not from the eu and the largest eu immigrant group is n't producing home grown british jihadists . 
  all brexit has done is hinder access for the more desirable immigrant . 
  at this stage too early to say . 
  it really depends on what the final economic impact of brexit will be for the region . 
  on the latter the implications not being clear does n't seem to matter to may . 
  the path to reunification is already set out , its up to the electorate of northern ireland to make the move . 
  if london can replace eu funding in ulster then the details needing consideration is how an all island tax regime can be worked . 
  well you provided the reason for there being another vote because you the last time camerson did n't have reason to object . 
  may has no reason by the same precedent . 
  irish politicians did n't create the threat and they 'd be very unpopular to if they conceded anything to england or wales . 
  the eu is about creating a level playing field . 
  the uk does n't want this and is using immigration fears even though london bombers and lee rigbys killer were homegrown . 
  considering the uk already had the greatest exemptions already then giving more concessions is pretty pointless . 
  uk customs and immigration withdrawn to the ports would probably be the most workable option . 
  ireland will have to have a customs regime to protect irish producers against sterling depreciation . 
  otherwise the uk would have to compensate ireland for losses from unregulated border trade . 
  there 's supposedly do a lot of work off the books , not unlike irish builders doing small cash jobs on the quiet after the bust . 
  plus its a better climate to be unemployed in . 
  do consider though that when things were supposedly `` good '' they still nearly had double digit unemployment !, 
  my nephew who lives in iberia tells me lifestyle gets equal priority with work and careers . 
  the partisan british media is toxic . 
  a bit harsh . 
  if possible its actually a good deal for the eu and the uk saves face domestically . 
  it must n't be forgotten that the uk , ireland and sweden were actually more open to free movement from the new eastern states after 2004 while germany and france eased in migration over a few years . 
  there was a lot of hysteria back then in france about polish plumbers flooding the market ( no pun intended ) ultimately though any concession can only be temporary if the uk wants free trade . 
  there is no logic required , its a sop . 
  excellent point . 
  what are you worried about . 
  keep calm and carry on brexiting !, 
  there seems to be a good flurry of windfarm activity in the midlands . 
  no worries , you 're welcome . 
  you 're well respected for your hard work in ireland . 
  well prior to that ireland was considered a separate entity . 
  in the irish language wales was even called little britain . 
  it goes back to henry viii uniting ireland to his english realm . 
  he gave ireland the harp symbol for it coinage . 
  it goes back to henry viii uniting ireland to his english realm . 
  he gave ireland the harp symbol for it coinage . 
  maybe they 'll sort out the orange order for us . 
  win , win !, 
  the great thing about the internet is its everywhere !, 
  the opposite , an armada of refugee boats from commonwealth countries coming home to momma . 
  i agree but watch the bad news ramp up from now on . 
  peoples opinions can change as the facts change . 
  thanks for your appreciation of our primary concern . 
  there probably is some way to keep customs at the ports like larne and belfast . 
  actually irelands trade with the uk is actually less than with the eu or the usa . 
  there was a time when ireland 's trade was 80 % + with the uk but we economically decoupled in the 70s . 
  actually you 're not our largest trade partner but in fairness you used to be . 
  our main concern is not economic , it 's the border question and the potential instability of the good friday agreement institutions post brexit . 
  anyone with living memory of the troubles dreads a return to those days . 
   although he added that the `` confidence shock from the leave vote might wear off over the coming months '' . 
  snap election with pro eu mandate by late sept into october anyone ? 
  i think the term `` in transition '' probably best describes the uks current position . 
  there 's great money to made in assumptions !, 
  i hear you can even do a degree in it now although at 9k a year you 'd be better off studying free in the eu ; while you still can . 
  edit : i hear it 's going up to # 9,250 a year now . 
  it would probably make more sense after brexit to tow britophile immigrants in boats to the edge of the uk international waters and let them paddle from there . 
  just like you so !, 
  and onward they 'll go , especially from the former colonies who are coming looking for their bit of commonwealth !, 
  you 're relying on the french to keep their end outside of an eu framework , you see what you 've left yourself in for !, 
  fuck that , i 'm getting linkedin requested everyday for engineers from the uk , was n't happening before june 23 . 
  it feels like only the beginning of the story . 
  plus a lot of them are stating up front `` eligible for irish passport ! '', 
  well its not a case of the uk will becomes a third world country and more that the third world will come to them !, 
  once the uk is out then there 's zero incentive to hinder uk bound migrants . 
  punish the uk ? 
  this is about what is best for the eu as a bloc now . 
  once the uk is on the a50 escalator then its down to business . 
  the 2011 census showed that the largest foreign born groupings were 1 india , 2 poland and 3 pakistan . 
  2 out 3 were non eu . 
  your biggest new immigrant group is n't eu , its indian . 
  plus the weakened pound will make providing healthcare for retired brits abroad more expensive , i can see that getting dropped . 
  yeah , i mean why would anyone just hang around that ? 
  a year ? 
  the eu ca n't wait . 
  after january the eu will inform the uk that it will start making making new eu laws without them . 
  but uk knows what 's best . 
  valid points but the uk 's game plan is too obvious . 
  besides talks ca n't happen before a50 as there needs to be all 27 present and the uk is n't at their table anymore . 
  the only thing certain between now and a50 is weather ... or a snap election . 
  the uk not seated at the table . 
  this holds up the eu as it would be awkward to make decisions that impact the uk without their input . 
  the sooner the uk leaves the sooner everyone can get on . 
  its more accurate to say the uk is in transition until a50 is started . 
  she also said it should n't go on too long either and no negotiations could happen before it , at some stage a definite date will have to be set . 
  if they drag their heels we can just start making new eu laws that let refugees flood the uk . 
  during the football as well !, 
  a common sports saying is a solid defence is better than an average offense . 
  besides the manner of war has changed . 
  the new threats are asymmetric and require new thinking . 
  for example drone technology while reducing risk for those using it has also created a new opportunity for those its used against to level the playing field . 
  in such an environment intelligence cooperation and detection technologies are more important than conventional weaponry . 
  you judged soctlands worth to the eu as being only oil .
