  the truth was that the peace was enforced , otherwise the regimes would not have toppled so easily . 
  this was total state force whereas in western europe the state ruled by public mandate . 
  i was counting the current members of the eu within your statement about peace before 1993 . 
  freedom of travel is a fundamental concept of union . 
  east germans had to go via hungary to meet their west german families . 
  people trying to escape east berlin were shot . 
  irelands membership of the eec/eu greatly helped the peace process , plus the as advisers to post dictatorships the eec/eu were crucial to the re establishment of open elections . 
  for example spain was advised against banning communists parties from elections by the eec/eu . 
  please list the countries you consider to be europe . 
  otherwise fuck off . 
  iron curtain , millions without freedom to travel , military dictatorships in spain and portugal , terrorism in italy , greece and ireland ... 
  we only have your words to go on . 
  `` from the gravitational pull of the earth , the sun does indeed revolve around the earth ... '' that statement matches the title . 
  actually before the global financial crisis spain already had high unemployment by european standards yet had work for hundreds of thousands of migrant workers from south america . 
  debt is only part of the story . 
  i hope in the future that historical animosities can be laid to rest . 
  a fact borne out by the free state forces needing british military assistance to fight the civil war . 
  it 's the difference between 47 % either for or against . 
  what 's more as remaining the eu is in their interest they 're probably more likely to return a vote than the national average . 
  two million votes in the eu would be crucial in a uk referendum . 
  somewhat similar ? 
  they 've got some of the most important prehistoric sites in the world . 
  i love history too but i 'd put malta as one of my favorites as it 's packed with amazing archeaology . 
  it 's compact size means seeing a lot in little time . 
  they 'd be better off going after the rich who pay zero tax before anyone else . 
  events motivate people . 
  good point . 
  i think the difference is mainly that eu countries have in the past gotten their economic preferences in return for broader access across the union , the french got cap , the germans got to export their engineering , the irish exported their beef , the spanish got to fish off ireland etc. . each preference given saw an erosion of sovereignty for each country , not an easy task for any strong culture to contemplate but two calamitous wars in one century brought european nations to that compromise . 
  would turkish society be willing to relinquish control of its national market to a common market ? 
  very true , nationalism is increasingly being diluted into regionalism but some responsibilities like common border control becoming a pan national or federal issue . 
  i think europe works better as a cooperative , such variations in cultural expectations leaves everyone at an equal disadvantage . 
  ultimately what will shape the future of europe is external affairs where a common response is required . 
  the eurozone is seeing a greater definition as a disciplined fiscal responsibility with greece being forced to face its society wide tax avoidance culture . 
  not really that different . 
  the argentinian currency was pegged 1:1 to the us dollar and was fully interchangeable . 
  i do n't know why the peg was adopted but anyone whose savings were in us dollars in local banks saw them devalued by 400 % when the peg was broken . 
  in greece the same thing would happen , peoples savings would be devalued as the new currency plummets in value . 
  the euro will remain the unofficial currency while taxes and public sector pay will be in the new currency . 
  as for exports there 's plenty there of hungrier countries able to supply what greece once did . 
  the famine certainly influenced irelands population growth while other parts of europe got on with the industrial revolution which swelled their cities , ireland contributed greatly to that . 
  change in inheritance laws in irish families also had an influence . 
  the practice of subdividing the family farm which saw the rural population expand in rural area before the famine switched to a sole inheritor practice whereby an eldest son took over the farm but the rest of the siblings had to find alternative outlets , many choosing to continue farming in the new worlds or labouring in the industrial cities . 
  well ireland it is cold and damp for most of the year , the romans called it hibernia for a reason so keeping warm at night is a must !, 
  no fear of a russian attack on ireland , boris yeltsin could n't even make it down the ladder when he stopped over in shannon !, 
  the more us media outlets project their target audiences fear onto europe the more inclined europeans will be to seek alternatives to these biases . 
  that 's one pushy german . 
  what if the surrounding country is the source of your societies upheaval ? 
  but you have no money , you do n't speak the language . 
  plus as a refugee you are n't allowed to work . 
  what do you do then , starve out of pride ? 
   the family and friends i have cultivated deep and meaningful relationships with and if your family and friends have all been killed and your land is a war zone ? 
  nah , they 're here for the craic . 
  if people were given the price of funding their public education system up front i 'm sure they 'd baulk too . 
  add to that the cost of looking after those who in their dotage ca n't fund their own upkeep . 
  extrapolate your view on life as an exercise in upfront profitability where all investment in future human progress is deferred to immediate consumption then eventually you 'll arrive at a hand to mouth existence . 
  it seems to me that you view society merely as a means to live at everyone else 's expense . 
  if you were to need refuge to whom would you turn ? 
  for a start there 's the humanitarian case , today 's refugees may be tomorrows hosts . 
  in the last century greeks fleeing the nazi invasion were refugees in syria . 
  i do n't believe there 's ever an economic case for granting asylum , that 's not why you do it . 
  from an irish point of view we can empathize with with the refugee fleeing disaster and we also understand the dislocated sense of not belonging in another place . 
  like the irish forced to flee their own country in the past we know the refugees own culture is personally important for their individual identity and so refugees are n't expected to try to be irish . 
  plus in our past religion was used by an occupier to dispossess the native so we understand religion as a weapon of war . 
  people can be whatever they want to be ireland as long as they 're not dictating to everyone else . 
  we understand the cultural attachments of a religion , being a cultural catholic is not dissimilar to being a cultural muslim . 
  hardcore muslims are held with the same regard as hardcore catholics and protestants . 
  if they wanted to pay less tax they 'd be better off going to mainland europe . 
  oh really ? 
  [  france 's corporate income tax rate , for example , is 34.4 percent , among the highest in the world . 
  but the effective tax rate for the largest companies in the cac40 ( a french stock market index ) is actually only 8 percent ] ( http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2015-10-23/to-promote-fairness-simplify-corporate-taxation ) irelands corporate tax rate transparency should n't be confused with low tax . 
  yes . 
  do n't the fbi only get involved in when the incident crosses state lines , that 's is needing federal oversight ? 
  and this crowd were third in the election . 
  and you accuse me of being obsessed by brexit, 
  the uk will have two years to agree terms for withdrawing from the eu but i ca n't imagine any pan-european mobile tie-ups happening with the uk if businesses know there 's no point in staying . 
  closed market . 
  how are you going to deal with your own lone radicals ? 
  brexit creates a confrontation directly with ireland . 
  if would be preferable for the british to withdraw entirely from their occupation . 
   where in the good friday agreement does it say the uk has to stay in the eu ? 
  you 're taking the piss now . 
  the whole agreement was based on free movement within two eu member states . 
  you know that that is out the window . 
  you know that what ever london saws to dublin is meaningless after brexit . 
  brexit is a threat to the peace of the whole island of ireland so we have every reason to voice extreme caution . 
  personally if it were n't for ni i 'd wish the uk the best after brexit , it 's obviously something the british island feels it needs to do but that decision will affect the irish portion of the uk and in turn impact on the bordering state . 
  what happens post brexit is unknown . 
  to think you can dictate to the irish republic who it should side with is creating a confrontation . 
  the uk is the bully and we know your game better than everyone . 
  it 's only two decades ago you accepted some responsibility for the great famine or do you still think that you had nothing to do with that ? 
  maybe they 've a better lifestyle to enjoy on the dole . 
  i know i 'd rather be unemployed in france than in the uk , ireland and other northerly countries . 
  if a brexit happens and the consequences for northern ireland begin to dawn on london i imagine they 'll want to allow the agreement to continue as best they can . 
  ni corporate tax rate already shadows the republic so perhaps tax harmonization in other areas would allow the uks customs border retreat to ni ports and airports . 
  as it stands there 's id checks at these points . 
  the loss of eu funding for the region will also be another headache for london but the dublin government will be under no obligation to fill the gap left by a democratic decision of the uk voter , london will have to bare that cost . 
  in theory ni would still be part of the uk but in practice economic convergence could continue with the south although i do n't know how things like the shared electricity grid on the island would be affected . 
  provided the above scenario played out you still have to factor in the mad unionist camp who could scupper economic progress by attacking cross border infrastructure and institutions . 
  again it will the uk voter who will have to take responsibility for destabalising the region and derailing the peace process . 
  you 're saying that ireland wo n't need to put up an eu border with the uk .
