  why the fuck are you defending that ? 
  the brits created the sectarian state in ni . 
  he flies a butchers apron flair . 
  except in the uk where the old two p is still in use !, 
  the new pound supposedly looks like the old threepence as the geriatric brexiteers wanted that shape back along with sovereignty . 
  it does n't matter what any of us do , the brits will always condescend to us . 
  yeah but to them and me you 're a brit . 
  the unionist wo n't mind you joining their marches if you do n't tell them . 
  you 're the motherland to them . 
  being shadowed by a brit on a weeks old thread . 
  on surveillance duty ? 
  the 12th is a good bit off yet . 
  its still not my language . 
  they should have you as a brexit negotiator !, 
  i think everyone now knows that mays priority in brexit is reelection . 
  it does n't matter how bad a deal she gets as long as she can spin it to sound like a victory of sovereignty to tory voters , the 4,000,000 ukip voters and the rest that voted leave at the referendum . 
  if she ca n't get a deal that she can sell as a victory then the uk will crash out . 
  that 's it , that 's all that 's happening from this point on . 
  germany acknowledges its genocidal past in europe . 
  brexit will be an inconvenience compared to the genocidal british rule of ireland in the 19th cen . 
  perspective is important . 
  the brits are acting like a junkie who thinks the dealer is reliant on them . 
  brexit will be an inconvenience compared to the genocidal british rule of ireland in the 19th cen . 
  perspective is important . 
  the brits are acting like a junkie who thinks the dealer is reliant on them . 
  brexit is their choice and was always going to be an inconvenience for us no matter the outcome but our future is n't tied to them . 
  in the negotiations our interests within the eu must come before them . 
  if the uk keep asking for something that inconveniences us we can keep vetoing the deal until we get what we want . 
  it was genocide . 
  there was enough food . 
   which only constituted a small percentage of the irish decline in population . 
  most of the population decline is the result of immigration to the usa , which also occurred from places in europe in equal numbers that were not experiencing famine . 
  gee , why ever would people need to emigrate from or starve in a island that was a food exporter . 
  it was genocide . 
  worst outcome for them , we 'll just continue as were , diversifying away from sinking britannia . 
   there are plenty of areas of modern , relevant areas of irish-british relations you could praise actually there is n't . 
  there 's a reason it took a century for a british head of state to be welcome in ireland . 
  and the peace process would n't have happened without eu membership . 
  well if that 's so then why does other people mentioning it bother you ? 
  we might n't be the only ones vetoing it . 
  thus far the uk position has been dictatorial towards its eu partners . 
  lots of countries have reason to veto a deal if they think their citizens in the uk are being used as pawns . 
  the uk has created a confrontational situation that wo n't be forgotten quickly . 
   and whose votes were so scattered that they only one 1 seat , even at the height of their support . 
  whether ukip can maintain those votes is a whole nother matter . 
  that does n't matter , if may does n't deliver a brexit of some sort ukip could reach tipping point that gains them power . 
  how does that make you feel ? 
   . . which may no longer be valid post-brexit if it runs counter to eu treaties . 
  we wo n't play the retribution game if may threatens irish in britain but you are correct that they wo n't have free access to our eu job market anymore . 
  those already in ireland will be able to normalise hteir status . 
  after the vote i had a flurry of linkedin requests from brits who prefaced that they were eligible for irish passports . 
   my original concern here was how we would be treated by the eu in all of this . 
  we actually will have a veto on the final deal as an eu member . 
  if the brits put something in there that 's to our disadvantage we can veto the deal and let them crash out onto wto rules . 
  my conscience is clear , how 's yours ? 
   the uk will want to try to avoid a hard border running through the island of ireland as they already know , it 's a porous border enforce , and the inevitable cross-border smuggling will provide an income stream for paramilitary groups , some of whom will likely argue that the imposition of a hard border marks an end to the good friday agreement , and the situation may well fall back into the violence of the 70 's and 80 's - but this time it will be harder to resolve as it will be a uk/eu issue as much as a matter the people of northern ireland , great britain and ireland . 
  first off may does n't give a shit about a few hundred thousands dup votes in a region that voted remain where everyone is entitled to an eu passport !, 
  she 's far more concerned about the 4,000,000 voters in england who voted ukip while the tories formed a government with 11,000,000 . 
  her only interest in northern ireland is a pawn , hardly something we should entertain . 
  secondly those uk residents in ireland are covered under a 1935 free state act and irish citizens in the uk are covered by the 1949 republic of ireland act so again may only interest in changing that is as a threat , again the less we have to do with a nation that treats our citizens as pawns the better . 
  and third , only 14 % of our exports go to the uk while 33 % of our imports come from there . 
  we have free trade in the biggest trade bloc in the world from which to replace uk produce . 
  since eu membership our uk trade relationship has rapidly shrunk from vital to secondary and continues to reduce in importance . 
  the customs border is being forced on ireland by brexit and i actually welcome it as it may be the very thing needed to sharpen minds in northern ireland as to their future as a backwater of a fracturing increasingly insular nation or part of the largest trade bloc in the world . 
  you are delusional if you think the tory government cares about the social and economic impacts of the process they 're about to that the uk on . 
  they 're only concern is reelection . 
  that 's it , that 's the only show in town . 
  you 're foolish to think the uk has irelands interests in mind . 
  they only account for 15 % of our exports , screw them . 
  they halved our population under direct rule and you defend them . 
  are you sure you 're irish and not a sasanach ? 
  this coming from a nation that partitioned ireland against the democratic vote for home rule . 
  your concern is touching but fuck off . 
  aside from albania and the ukraine are n't they all in varying degrees members of blocs that the uk is leaving ? 
  i wonder how sterling losing its global reserve status would affect the uks standing in that ? 
  if someone corrects my english i tell them it 's not my language . 
  in this case pretty much . 
  the deal the brexiteers wanted was single market access without freedom of movement . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  if you stuck with the eu you 'd probably have had a free movement deal with canada within a decade . 
  britain is leaving the eu . 
  what relationship britain will have with the eu after it leaves is not known yet . 
  any more questions ? 
  it 's going to be beautiful !, 
  and you 're the reason brexit is going to be brilliant !, 
  no we do n't . 
  the uk is only 14 % of our export market and 33 % of imports which we can easily substitute via the largest trade bloc in the world . 
  yeah but in a thousand years the japanese as a people will cease to exist if their current demographic trend continues !, 
  cheaper holidays to the uk if you 're inclined . 
  they have to accept the four freedoms for single market access . 
  ceta is not single market access . 
  what will the deal be ? 
  if she ca n't secure single market access without compromising on free movement then all mps in leave vote constituencies will be protecting their seats by voting against the deal !, 
  it 's kicked the can down the road and actually given ukip a new lease of life as talks watchdog . 
   http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=1w not surprised , the markets heard that parliament gets to vote on brexit and that was enough to calm nerves even without the detail of when and on what exactly there 'll be a vote on . 
  more like the english civil wars rekindled . 
   such a deal could amount to `` associate membership '' of the customs union , she said . 
  may said britain would not adopt a `` half-in , half-out '' approach to the european union , indicating that a so-called hard brexit is on the cards . 
  is n't that contradictory ? 
  so a50 will get started and then put to a vote in the uk parliament on the final deal .
