  well sterling has weakened and i went on an internet shopping binge , planning some trips to northern ireland once the marching season has passed too . 
  it is still a dumb move economically . 
  look , we have no say in what the uk wants to do , we can only react as it tears itself apart . 
  it will impact on us in ireland but we will still continue on in the eu . 
  the message is clear form the uk , free movement with the eu is not desired so do you think we should be saying `` yippee , thanks uk '' ? 
  why would n't i if disintegration meant a peaceful transition to a united ireland !, 
  seriously , in my position what would you expect ? 
  fair enough but honestly it would be preferable if the uk did n't melt down as it directly impacts on the situation in northern ireland . 
  brexit might be good for the uk ( if there is a uk in the future ) but in the short term i ca n't help think it 's nothing but a dumb move . 
  i 've travelled in north england and totally understand why people there felt they had nothing lose by voting leave but that 's more about british inequalities rather than anything to do with the eu . 
  feel the same here in ireland . 
  opinion polls here say only 10 % thought brexit was a good move . 
  i work with eu citizens and i felt more solidarity with them after the vote as in the uk we are all now equally unwelcome . 
  hey , it would be preferable if the uk was n't distablised but democracy has had its day . 
   i 've seen many people in this sub hoping the uk crashes and burns . 
  it 's kinda doing that right now . 
  it a bloc for members interests , not a buffet for the uk to pick from . 
  if these pro-eu tories defected then there would be a snap election . 
  i think the only way to overturn the brexit mandate is a pro-eu coalition being elected soon . 
  however from an eu point of view the era of uk exemptions has to end if the uk is to retake its seat at the table . 
  he promised us enough ships to help all those brits in northern ireland get back home . 
  i hear their border zone is great or the auld wildlife !, 
  the uk was the country with the most exemptions , it was everyone else who collectively compromised for that to be . 
  if needs be , but we 've got to get it away from the parent that is ignoring its self harming behaviour . 
  and custody of the child of the north . 
  irish agri producers would . 
  there 's still random customs checks on the swedish/norwegian border , even they would be targets on a uk/eire border . 
   this seems to be everywhere or is it just the british media making it seem that way . 
  british terrorists are at this all the time in northern ireland . 
  more pressing for us is the threat of the uk reinstating a hard border on the island . 
  even try and that will set off the troubles again . 
  the eu has really helped the peace process . 
  irish agri has been growing its markets abroad for decades , the opening of china to irish beef next year is expected to expand that sector well beyond any loss in uk demand . 
  as it is ireland produces 20 % of the worlds baby food formula . 
  no doubt brexit might have an impact but we 've been looking beyond that market since the 70s . 
  it 's a problem either way but the main problem is the common presumption that membership with these blocs will be on the uk terms . 
  it 's the same attitude of the leave campaign promising that the uk could dictate to the eu it 's future relationship on free movement without it affecting trade . 
  the problem once the process is started is that the uk is n't a member of all the other options that people say it can choose like the eea . 
  most eu members are already members of the other european trade areas so the uk will have deal with the same problem joining those clubs as it will have leaving the eu . 
  i believe the only european club it 's a member of is the cta with ireland even that could be serious affected . 
  oh dear , you 've got a few shitty years ahead of you . 
  back up there . 
  you presume you 'll be let join the eea which is made up of a lot of members of the eu which you just gave two fingers to . 
  the eea is n't there waiting with panting breath . 
  i reckon what they 're hoping for is that article 50 will be instigated but extended out indefinitely . 
  it 's the best compromise given the precariousness of the situation . 
  ultimately if scotland leaves the uk to rejoin the eu they reckon that the remainder of the uk after a few years of mulling it over will suddenly flip to pro-eu full membership in a skitso kind of way . 
  the eu will box with kid gloves all the way . 
  we think you 're an ass but we will miss you . 
  sort out your shitty attitude and come back to the part when you 're ready . 
  this is coming from ireland , we know you intimately !, 
  everytime !, 
  `` eu decide what 's good for us '' ? 
  the uk had a seat at the table for making decisions that affected all members . 
  you ca n't pretend you were captive and the eu is certainly not trying to stop the uk from leaving . 
  here 's a contradiction , we have public funded schools owned mostly by religious groups , abortion is still illegal but we voted by referendum 2/1 to allow same sex marriage !, 
  damn immigrant keeps a calm head while british politicians abandon their posts !, 
  brexit , that was us !, 
  try the brexit diet , great for losing pounds . 
  the eu is already in talks with those countries , the uk will have to bargain separately now . 
  its needless duplication . 
  i think canadian winters will be a challenge for them . 
  better than britain 's working poor . 
  rule britannia !, 
  someone ? 
  anyone ? 
  its easier to fool a fool than to speak reason . 
  for what its worth we had a savage recession in ireland after 08 but it was inevitable as dependency on property debt had taken over the economy . 
  we could n't hide the imbalance as we couldnt just print euros . 
  so it could be argued that london as a finance centre for the eu made sterling too strong for the rest of the uk to complete . 
  looked this way there is a positive in brexit rebalancing the british economy and reducing the inequalities between london and the nation . 
  the shock will wear off . 
  our firmness towards to the uk is not an attack but a defence of our own economies . 
  there are no more concessions for the uk , they not good for the eu and certainly not good for british society . 
  the longer the uk dawdles and avoids negotiations the more business is going to walk . 
  so far reaction polls to brexit have uniformly shown a swing away from euroskeptism . 
  if you ca n't be a good example , you 'll have to be a horrible warning . 
  the kicker is that the point the finger menu of european trade blocs that the uk thinks it can now choose from is full of eu members that will dictate terms . 
  the only clubs the uk are full members of now are nato and the commonwealth . 
  no , that 's because your government devalues you savings by printing sterling and then blames anyone but themselves for your economy losing its competitiveness . 
  currency devaluations are only effective when all your trading partners are doing at the same rate . 
  this time sterling is collapsing and as net importer inflation is not going to be matched by wage growth . 
  your economy is in reverse . 
  so basically the uk is the cat who meowed like crazy to let out , now the door is open and the cat just sits there licking its ass . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.eurocoins.co.uk/images/2002europattern1eurooobv240new.jpg ), 
  well there 'll be less sterling change in peoples pockets from now on !, 
  the markets are in shock but public opinion is still bobbing between leave voter triumphalism and general stoicism of just getting on with being british . 
  the economic shocks are n't filtering through to the general opinion yet , there is still a sense amongst the populace that britain is a position to dictate future terms . 
  once there 's a new pm in place then expectations will be tested . 
  deep recession in 5 - 4 - 3 - 2 - 1 and boom you 're in recession !, 
  early days yet , it could be a long slide as the vote at this stage is unlikely to reversed . 
  you 're not at the eu table anymore , now you 're on the menu . 
  others do n't see the eu solidarity in british nationalism . 
  the pound was supported by the uk being the financial hub of the eu , now that prop is being removed and collapse is under way . 
  some say it will end up settling in parity with the euro . 
  normal ? 
  scotland lining up another independence referendum so it can join the eu on its own terms , pro-eu politicians being killed by british first terrorists , confidence in the uk as a stable nation to invest in is shot ... normal is in the rear view mirror . 
  i think europe will walk the middle path . 
  its ok , we can reroute can/uk trade through ireland . 
  europe is all about sharing , we all get to have a crisis .
