  the tories are n't conservative enough for them so that 's why you never see them contest seats there . 
  nah , the dup campaigned for an uk/eu border . 
  their whole identity is tied up on preserving a protestant supremacy that was once common throughout ireland . 
  if the partition of ireland ended then their political identity would be defunct . 
  you said  north-south are not being approved . 
  to which i responded that it 's not easy to provide a direct motorway infrastructure from greece to north europe through non-eu nations . 
  yes but the direct route to italy means montenegro , bosnia , serbia etc , bulgaria is a detour . 
  well in fairness there are a few non-eu nations directly between greece and north europe . 
  well is just over two millions people . 
  ironically anglosphere insularity have given the eu a new sense of unified purpose . 
  i prefer your perspective but unfortunately i have relatives spread across the usa , and some are militant trump supporters . 
  a friend who used to be a gun enthusiast summed it up best , he stopped going to the firing range when assault weapons took over after 9/11 . 
  true , the most ironic being from the now disbanded ussr !, 
  total collapse is unlikely but severe civil militant disturbances ca n't be ruled out , especially when trump is impeached . 
  we ca n't stop the usa descending into domestic urban war either . 
  surely the onus is on the original claimant to back up their assertion . 
  a very good point . 
  if anything inhibiting communication may only clog up coordination . 
  bonus points period ? 
  if she comes back with a smaller majority it will be hard to imagine there wo n't be a tory revolt . 
  he does n't have public support . 
  if anything the more his case is pushed the more people smell bullshit and are asking who 's funding his media campaign . 
  at least i use the euro . 
  still not an easy thing to do in one of the monolith parties of irish politics . 
  i take your point . 
  some one on irish dole takes a payoff to move on but then find a job in ireland even before they go , does nothing wrong by staying . 
  in the context of the time , was it when there was 15 % unemployment , it probably was politicing but it was a view i heard shared amongst many irish then . 
  but is n't coal use as a percentage of energy production in decline in germany ? 
  yes . 
  the thing about that offer was that if they returned they 'd have to rebuild their two years of contributions for social welfare . 
  i was affected by this too after being away for over two years , i was entitled to zero !, 
  no it would n't . 
  a devaluation is always a short term alternative to avoiding structural reform . 
  look at the uk , devalued sterling in 08/09 and has had the same same wage growth as greece !, 
  now it 's latest devaluation is driving up prices but wages still stagnate and the economy remains unreformed . 
  devaluation is theft of purchasing power and only ever useful for politicians trying to avoid making unpopular reform . 
  it is instructive that poll after poll in greece shows they do n't want to leave the euro as they know the savings they do have would be immediately devalued . 
  the problem is n't the euro , it 's people who do n't use it . 
   it 's legal to pay someone to leave , though pointless . 
  they would only return . 
  show me in law where it 's illegal to offer a relocation cost . 
   a ) unlimited immigration is n't sustainable , since governments ca n't provide welfare to everyone in the eu , and it would turn into the survival of the fittest . 
  the issue of free movement has nothing to do with the euro as you well know but seem unable to not bring it in . 
   b ) it would allow countries to even out their economies and provide them more control over economic affairs . 
  a good example might be splitting italy - the north can free itself of corruption and increase the value of its currency , while the south can devalue its currency and export more goods . 
  given the option currency devaluations keep poor nations poor and makes once wealthy nations like the uk lose competitiveness . 
  why ? 
  what 's the logic in that ? 
  it 's anglocentric nonsense at best that assumes that money is a fiscal tool rather than a method of exchange . 
  well i know from my facebook relations in the usa many have a very cosy image of ireland passed down to them from their immigrant parents and a good few of them would be conservative supporters . 
  many are far more catholic than most i know in ireland . 
  it was also pro-iraq war . 
  if it 's a relocation grant i do n't see how it 's illegal if some people avail of it . 
  i know in the past unemployed in dublin were offered relocation packages to areas of ireland that suffered rural decline . 
  also i remember long term unemployed were offered relocation from the uk to ireland in the 80s as it was cheaper to just offer a lump sum than continue paying when there was high unemployment . 
   in other places this would lead to mass immigration or some sort of literal socialist subsidy in order to revitalise the poor areas . 
  well the currency has nothing to do with . 
  i think it works brilliantly . 
  it 's far batter to have a voluntary union that a member can be demoted from for fiscal imprudence rather than ride indefinitely as a welfare state . 
  well having seen contraception outside marriage being made available in the late 80s , divorce legalized in 95 , i still did n't think i 'd see this . 
  it 's a very different nation to the monolithic church state i grew up in . 
  was n't that unemployed immigrants left high and dry ofter the property bubble ? 
  was n't he outed ? 
  coveney represents the old dynastic politics so the grassroots could relate to simon better than the urbanite new blood . 
  obviously those who work with both knew who they preferred . 
  interesting as the healthcare has been expanding under them . 
  it 's like the hse and nhs are going in opposite directions . 
  well for anglo centric nations it would be big news , it 's probably a bigger deal for them than us . 
  anglo centric publication complains about currency that does n't confirm to their needs or expectations . 
  well a quick google shows me that the eu is well behind the usa on emissions . 
  perhaps their total dependence on car is responsible . 
  well my last stint in the usa was about 6/7 years ago and they still love their big 6l cars and trucks , there ai n't nothing like a f550 on the eu roads as an suv . 
  briefly with work in the late 90s . 
  if it were n't for the coast the smog would n't ever lift , it would be banked in like santiago is in winter . 
  ever lived in la ? 
  i think what 's important is trends and where they 're leading . 
  no doubt the usa has been a leader in emissions control since the clean air acts , i remember europe playing catch up with the whole acid rain outcry in the 80s but this reversal by trump is important in that it shows how little he understands the underlining issues and how much alienating the renewables industry only hands a technological advantage to other nations . 
  compared to what i 've seen there i would disagree . 
   i understand in us , the food is kindda cheat cheap . 
  there a lot bad crap there too that would n't be allowed on shelves in the eu . 
  aldi nord bought out and expanded the trader joe 's brand and on visiting it you 'd think it 's no better than what we 're used to with aldi but in the usa it 's considered a niche quality grocery shop . 
  if its a defence force then ireland 's constitution is n't compromised . 
  the irony being that while the usa rejects new energy technologies , china out of shear necessity could become the global leader in the next energy age . 
  trade deal does not = freedom of movement or open market . 
  it means a negotiated deal that suits both sides . 
  of course when british media blames the eu for its home grown jihadis it 's understandable how unbalanced peoples views of the world can be . 
  blocking move ? 
  india told may last october that the eu was more important and that any concessions would require greater access to the uk for indian citizens , a red line for brexiters . 
  bastardstown in co wexford in ireland . 
  but you 're not american . 
  so what are you russian ? 
  we have n't a hope of catching up . 
  we 're way behind on gun deaths . 
  any trade deal needs to be negotiated . 
  for what it 's worth work is disappearing in china and india because of automation too . 
  we really need to redefine our working lives . 
  society still functions with high unemployment so obviously the amount of work needed to sustain such societies needs to redistributed fairly so that no one feels overburdened or underutilized . 
  this is the challenge for all developed nations . 
  i ca n't see there being any freedom of movement arrangement although the uk will be probably cave to indian free movement to get a trade deal after brexit . 
  india is very protectionist though so it 's more a balancing act .
