  i 've been looking at crete and santorini but would also love to see the big sites of athens . 
  i can skip athens if shit hits the fan there . 
  have you ever been caught up in an angry mob ? 
  ok , well it is n't where i am . 
  i 'm mid 40s and only now starting to think about having a midlife crisis . 
  retirement is boring , i 'd rather down just scale down work as it suits me . 
  as it stands i do n't feel like i actually work as i enjoy what i do . 
  ok . well i hope the best solution is found . 
  well from the outside greek demonstrations look like they regularly kick off . 
  i was in madrid for the massive protests around the same time with a much bigger crowd and it never felt threatening . 
  is 50 old ? 
  how are [ three dead ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/8661385.stm ) an exaggeration ? 
  what 's to say in the event of grexit it wo n't get extremely volatile again ? 
  i 'd really like to support greece with my tourism euros but that shit has got to be toned down . 
  well i do n't want to go to greece if there 's a chance of riots and attractions being closed because of strikes . 
  it 's not like i can come back the following week . 
  i 've always wanted to see the ancient greek sites but truthfully domestic uncertainty and volatile protests would inspire me to go elsewhere ; nobody 's got time for that shit !, 
  thanks . 
  all valid points but they all require a greek government that can acknowledge them rather the current radicals who say one thing to foreign governments and a different thing to their populace . 
  behind paywall . 
  brief synopsis ? 
  this is good to see . 
  i 'm more inclined to take that winter holiday in greece this year . 
  travel , meet europeans that share your curiosity . 
  fall in love , fall out of love and repeat again and then ... then you will be living . 
  a certain part of who we are is dictated by our environment but the rest is up to us as individuals . 
  on the other side nearly every irish emigrant i knew in australia was sending their money back to their irish accounts . 
  well the wall street journal has regional versions . 
  if greece is a net energy exporter like norway then it could bail itself out and spare itself the drama . 
  germany does stand to lose the most in a grexit but it has repeatedly asserted that greece is free to go if that 's their will . 
  however greece has huge pension liabilities and whatever might be gained by a devalued new currency will lost by weaker purchasing power . 
  in or out of the euro greece has to reform to meet its social liabilities . 
  they were n't accurate , they [ underestimated ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/imf-raises-prediction-for-ireland-s-growth-rate-1.2175955 ) ireland growth . 
  the greek crisis actually helps ireland if it suppresses the euro . 
  germany has indicated that greece is free to default burning whatever german banks are exposed to greek debt . 
  the eu does not have a mandate to federalise greek debt . 
  interesting that projections for other bailout countries show are different , why is that ? 
  thank you very much for your perspective . 
  if there are large enough protests then hopefully that will force another election , that would certainly buy time for greece and the eu . 
  edit : regardless of what happens i do intend to visit greece in the future . 
  fianna fail and all the political parties that signed the bank guarantee committed us to that debt . 
  at the time lenehan was boasting that it was the cheapest bailout in history . 
  of course when it was all crashing a couple of years later fianna fail take no credit and blame europe . 
  you ca n't federalise european nations debt without a federal europe . 
  greek banks are not and never were greece 's major problem . 
  the problem has been the greek government borrowing money to pay for what taxation should be covering . 
  everyone has been trying to help . 
  if the eu and the usa were against you then there would n't have debt write downs already . 
  the eu does not have a mandate to federalise greek debt . 
  if syriza partners in government do n't support them then why are they still in government ? 
  if there was an election next week how do you think syriza would do now ? 
  at the very least you 'll have a cheap holiday there . 
  how is tax avoidance in greece your mistake ? 
  to use a greek metaphor the banks are not and were not greece 's achilles heel . 
  it was the unsustainable national debt . 
  the debt was always national as it was the government that borrowed in excess of its means to repay . 
  the eu is letting greece walk away from all its debts by defaulting but without the eu greece has no access to more credit to fund the spending it ca n't afford by taxation . 
  greece is broke . 
  unlike in other places the banks were not greece 's problem . 
  the problem was that the nation treated the apparatus of government as a bank when it drew down social entitlements it can not fund through taxation . 
  they want europeans to cover their tax shortfall . 
  the eu would be better off if we do n't federalise greek national debt . 
  i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted , there 's nothing inaccurate about it . 
  on the plus side if greece is better off than the uk then you can head to greece although do it quickly while both the uk and greece are still in the eu . 
  as you 're suggesting marshall style funding are you suggesting that germany should militarily occupy greece ? 
  collecting taxes is pointless in greece where evasion is an olympic sport . 
  even before the euro greece was famous for it , you 'd see people living in unfinished buildings because property tax was only charged on fully finished property . 
  plus ireland may have multinationals paying low tax but why is n't the greek shipping industry paying any tax ? 
  i really like santiago . 
  i miss that pisco . 
  hang on , other countries who received the same deals as greece but cooperated are in different stages in recovery . 
  speaking from ireland i can verify that , jobs are happening including for myself . 
  greece however never even tried to get with the programme . 
  i hear what you 're saying the eu has already written down greek debt by 50 % . 
  what would happen though in the us if a state elected an administration that basically dictated it 's bailout terms . 
  i believe new york city tried that once and got shot down . 
  imf deals with short term liquidity issues but the eurozone members shoulder the longterm responsibility . 
  it 's the same responsibility shared in the us where federal funding where some states receive more federal funding than they contribute . 
  i do n't . 
  we 've used to christian sectarian violence in ireland so any militant muslim group trying to elbow in on the action will just have to wait their turn . 
  recently visited chile , very impressed . 
  would seriously consider it if an opportunity came up there . 
  definitely do n't miss the old coins , they were much bigger than euro coins . 
  i do miss the old [ # 20 note ] ( http://www.leftovercurrency.com/resources/irish-pound-note-20-iep-ireland-william-butler-yeats.jpg ) . 
  however they were big too . 
  the euro is more convenient and not getting fleeced on foreign exchange is an encouragement to travel more . 
  some euro countries do n't issue the smaller coins . 
  europe would enter the `` coin war '' battle with each country trying to put down all their ancient rivals . 
  the french could issue special genocide awareness coins commemorating belgium genocide in the congo . 
  obviously pedants will remain but others will seek a splendid isolation . 
  after watching the eurovision english appears to be the working language of europe . 
  it would be ironic if the uk actually left !, 
  the other thing all european males will agree on is access to internet porn . 
  they 'll really scare the shit out of everyone when they unfreeze this [ guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v24hyjueeq0 ) and send him to the contest, 
  looks like your due another eu referendum next year . 
  campaigning starts now for giving roscommon/s leitrim to northern ireland . 
  it 's a social reformation , a dissolution of church privilege . 
  i 'd be happy with a part time job although i 'd prefer to have all those hours in just three days so i can have four day breaks for going off site seeing around europe . 
  well forget freedom of travel and just consider the nature of that peace . 
  once tito died yugoslavia disintegrated into the fiercest faction fighting in europe since wwii .
