  nuclear weapons are not a last resort , they are the end . 
  a deterrent ? 
  from who ? 
  the next generation are the first to lose from brexit !, 
  seriously i do n't think the ira or isis in their wildest ambition could have inflicted as much long term economic damage as the british voter has . 
  the problem with native jihadists is where do you send them to ? 
  we could revert to old way the courts dealt with trouble makers by putting them on a boat to liverpool . 
  true , the industrial revolution still rolls , its the biggest change to humanity since the agrarian revolution and that spread over millennia . 
  does turkey need nato ? 
  i think its fixed now . 
  thanks i had n't noticed, 
  this r/europe , it should show up . 
  maybe posting from a phone affects it . 
  i 'll look at it later . 
  i wonder if the brexit crisis has reawakened argentinian ambitions ? 
  the uk no longer has a seat at the eu or the eea . 
  future membership relies entirely on the acquiescence of the sitting eea membership . 
  so a recession is on the way , better manufacture a war . 
  but the uk is not a member of the eea . 
  but i thought a lot of the leave campaign were giving out about how much of a mess europe was and that there was n't a power structure . 
  so it there a finish ministry of cement ? 
  well i thought mark carney was very succinct . 
  no doubt the global ftse companies got a boost from a weaker currency . 
  if i were british i 'm sure i 'd understand your guardian reference . 
  well how did brexit affect the ftse when priced in euros ? 
  it certainly makes the pound too strong to complete with european industrials, 
  also how much of those companies production takes place within the usa . 
  the usa may be a great place to fund and grow new ideas but its harder to call such globalized businesses indigenous anymore . 
  go to betfair if you want to put money on that . 
  no big surprise really . 
  we 're into the holiday period so i 'd imagine there 'll be more such announcements in september . 
  its not great but there 's no way i 'm stepping into the uk whilst the religious sectarianism of the orange order is in full flight . 
  that stuff is scary . 
  sooner go there than the uk . 
  fair enough but the society will bare the repercussions . 
  whatever property rights and freedoms the uk curtails after brexit they can be reciprocated . 
  the longer the process is dragged out the more uncertainty will create frustration for brits in the eu . 
  well yes of course , post brexit uk might n't attract any immigrants !, 
  new eu migrants to the uk whilst the uk is still a member ca n't be denied their eu rights . 
  those who arrive after the uk leaves the eu do so under a new regime . 
  however all those eu citizens resident in the uk before brexit ca n't be touched by retrospective legislation . 
  even uk law predating the eu protects them !, 
  now you get it . 
  what post eu rules the uk instigates for new immigrants is their business . 
  under the uk 's own goods and services acts there can be no distinction made against eu citizens resident before the uk leaves . 
  maltreatment of eu citizens resident before the break will affect trade negotiations just as it affected south africa under apartheid . 
  four freedoms . 
  touch one , touch all . 
  how and what those sanctions are will be at the discretion of the eu . 
  the eu can not reward the uk for mistreating its citizens . 
  saying it had to be addressed somehow left your intent open to interpretation . 
  its actually sufficient leverage for the eu to start expulsion proceedings . 
  any move against eu citizens while the uk is still in the union could lead to sanctions . 
  considering needing to hire hundreds of trade negotiators and thousands of immigration staff you will have to print the crap out of your currency although that alone would solve your immigration crisis !, 
  what you will be able to do will depend on what new arrangements you can get . 
  if you ca n't get skilled workers like trade negotiators you will have to make family concessions . 
  no , the points system regime of australia that the leave vote lauds gives emigrant residents the same benefit rights as citizens . 
  yes , leave a trading bloc of half a billion so you can have a points system that works on the assumption that a fork lift cert proffered is legitimate . 
  the australian system is a joke , anyone can buy their way in now and their government are so desperate for labour that they offer residency to refugees for working where there 's shortages . 
  its a free for all !, 
  it was also the language of the british colonies so the usa has equal right to claim ownership . 
  actually i do n't thinkj english is legally defined as the officially language of england as it is assumed to be . 
  legal contracts could be written in another language and still be binding . 
  free trade deals are only fair if both sides benefit equally . 
  the uk now has to compete with everyone else to sell into the worlds largest economies like the eu , usa and china . 
  has n't no one told you , english does n't belong to england anymore . 
  even then it ca n't just deport who it wants . 
  it has adhere to the uk laws under which residency was established . 
  if what you said were so then uk citizens in the eu can be deported too . 
  its not eu citizens camped in calais . 
  sterling will be printed to cushion the impact like in 08/09 but unlike then other areas do n't need to do the same so import inflation will be more severe than then . 
  unemployment might n't be too too bad but individual purchasing power will take a hit . 
  scottish independence is a uk matter , it can happen independent of and during brexit talks with the eu . 
  once independent and acceptant of the four freedoms there 's no obstacle for access . 
  even spain would be happy once this circuitous route is followed as it would show spanish regions that eu membership is not automatic . 
  at least with independence eu funding and link up would merely be suspended until formal membership talks begin . 
  from a business point of view short term pain can be managed for long term gain . 
  until the uk is no longer an eu member eu law remains . 
  the uk can even be sued under its own goods and sales acts if they deny the same rights to all new residents . 
  residents ca n't be held to retrospective laws unless the uk wants to see its citizens elsewhere subject to reciprocal measures . 
  well best of luck . 
  first the tories attack worker rights that are protected in the eu , next they 'll be after uk worker rights . 
  you do n't know what a sex worker is ? 
  its your country , you wear what your government does . 
  she ca n't let may think scot 's will acquiesce to london 's negotiations with the eu . 
  retrospective active against eu citizens will mean sanctions . 
  but they entered legally under eu law . 
  this guy is providing the ammunition for the eu to sanction the uk . 
  the article reports he said those that come before the uk leaves the eu would be sent home . 
  its in the first couple of lines . 
  read it . 
  sex worker is on the australian skills shortage list so you 're sorted either way . 
  so is sex worker according to australian immigration . 
  you can do a lock fitting course and can get an australian skills visa with ever having worked a day in the industry . 
  even unskilled labourers have got management visas !, 
  the whole system is porous . 
  that 's not what the new brexiter in chief has said and what he says wo n't be ignored by the nations whose citizens he 's targeting . 
  in fairness that condescension means we have more political rights there than they have here . 
  when i was leaving australia employers were being increasingly allowed language exemptions for emigrats . 
  plus 888 visas allow chinese buyy australian residency without language tests .
