  most asylum seekers arrive by plane , that wo n't change outside the eu . 
  in fact it may get worse as eu countries can offload as they like to a non eu uk . 
  on average , britons estimate that 28 % of the uk population were born in other eu countries . 
  office for national statistics figures for year ending december 2014 show that 8.3 million uk residents , 13 % of the total population , were born abroad . 
  however , only 3 million of those were born in an eu country so the real figure is less than 5 % . 
  on average , britons estimate that 28 % of the uk population were born in other eu countries . 
  office for national statistics figures for year ending december 2014 show that 8.3 million uk residents , 13 % of the total population , were born abroad . 
  however , only 3 million of those were born in an eu country so the real figure is less than 5 % . 
  the eu is not the reason britain has more emigrants than it wants . 
  i do n't knew , will and harry have a big bust over something !, 
  well at least you 've got an irish option as your flair suggests . 
  too right !, 
  ask snp . 
  actually the uk seems to be at greater risk of breaking up if the snp are to believed . 
  the eu is a voluntary union of converging interests , you ca n't dispute that as no one can or is trying to stop the uk from leaving . 
  anyway any uk appraisal of the eu is screwed by its half member status . 
  hey , as napoleon said , never interrupt your opponent when they 're making a mistake . 
  i never thought that i might see the uk break up in my time , i 'm not going to hinder that possibility . 
  on average , britons estimate that 28 % of the uk population were born in other eu countries . 
  office for national statistics figures for year ending december 2014 show that 8.3 million uk residents , 13 % of the total population , were born abroad . 
  however , only 3 million of those were born in an eu country so the real figure is less than 5 % . 
  the eu is n't the cause of your immigration problem . 
  if they 're a catastrophe waiting it will happen regardless of what the uk does . 
  the uk is n't russia or saudi arabia imploding , both of which are on a lot of peoples watch list . 
  brexit is ultimately a repositioning that everyone can accommodate around . 
  initially all that happens is that the uk no longer has a voice in the trade bloc and will have to accept whatever terms are agreed in brussels , jsut as they have to accept whatever terms the china , japan or the usa dictates . 
  if anything it solidifies the euro as a no nonsense hard currency . 
  germany trades more with china and the usa from within the eurozone than the uk does outside it . 
  i ca n't see what impact the uk will have on that . 
  i have read estimates that uks share of the global market will decline by 30 % post brexit . 
  obviously those that trade with the uk will be affected , like here in ireland but we 've also been focused towards to the global market since the days when we were entirely dependent on the uk . 
  only 30 years ago the uk accounted for over 70 % of our trade , now it 's down under 30 % . 
  in school we used to play 1916 , of course the brits always lost and we 'd execute them . 
  regional damage , yes . 
  global ? 
  when an indian steel maker offloads its uk productions it shows how much the world has moved on . 
  just like syriza called one so just proves there 's no outside impediments to referendums . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  well that 's a load of shit , the welsh look like puritans and the irish look like scots . 
  traditional irish dress is a tracksuit , peaked cap , and county gaa jersey . 
  as the uk clearly shows they can have a referendum if they want to leave so the door is always open for any member to walk . 
   both governments are implementing the strict austerity measures imposed by the eu , imf et . 
  imposed ? 
  if greece and portugal do n't want to implement them then no one can stop them . 
  no one is stopping them leaving , it 's their choice if they want to stay . 
  it 's not just about different pictures on notes , it 's about the notes actually not working a zone that they 're legal tender in . 
  seriously , can you not see that ? 
  give me some examples of low-tech . 
  whaaaaat ? 
  at least the rotten egg smell from the sulphur springs throughout the city can mask that !, 
  well i sha n't let hyperbole put me off visiting . 
   why on earth would it make sense to stop this ? 
  because life happens outside of banking hours . 
  it 's even more daft continuing the status quo when all the banks are underwritten by the same central bank !, 
  well when you finally move on from the victorian era do get back to us with your eurozone observations . 
  eurozone needs to change course !, 
  have you ever tried spending northern ireland sterling notes in england ? 
  get your sterling zone working and then get back to me . 
  hoping to revisit budapest soon again , it 's been nearly 20 years since the last time . 
  it would have been a bummer if everything was shut on a sunday . 
  wow . 
  so on the ground is there any protest over it being cancelled ? 
  where did the support for the original ban come from ? 
  recipient members can become donor nations , in the last decade ireland became a net contributor ( bailout aside , the uk has been bailed out by the imf in the past ) . 
  other nations who have been in the eu for roughly the same period like greece have floundered but like the uk the other members ca n't make them stay against their will . 
  all structural funding has been non refundable and that 's been happening from the start . 
  there 'll be another refugee crisis for the eu as the us descends into race wars under president trump . 
   i expect an economic split to happen both east - west and north - south . 
  but that already exists . 
  i reckon information sharing for common security will be accepted on a pan eu level , a non jurisdictional agency funded by the eu will be established for centralising data . 
  more pan euro rail networks . 
  also i believe initiatives like the eurovello routes will become more popular . 
  euthanasia will become a europe wide hot topic as the post war boomer generations of western europe push personal choice . 
  are you arming them ? 
  now in fairness you got the delux package , was n't our fault your driveway is subsiding . 
  the ceasefire is holding , for now . 
  best of luck with that although if you were a squidzillioanaire you 'd probably catch your own private helicopter daily !, 
  actually post brexit you 'd also have to go through customs twice a day with eurostar !, 
  well we do n't call poles in irlandia englanders just because they speak english too !, 
  daily commute ? 
  would you ? 
  it 's a low corporate tax but it 's still paid , it 's not evasion like with panama . 
  well the polish in irlandia are great people too . 
  yeah , if global wealth was judged by average disposable cash per person separate from fixed assets like property then we 'd have an entirely different picture . 
  why would they bother when they can drive home to luxembourg every night ? 
  plus if their wealth is tied to business within the eurozone then moving to a post brexit uk only increases the risk of tariffs being applied to their extracted earnings . 
  unless the british taxpayer raided their own coffers just to entice said millionaires just to keep up the illusion of wealth . 
  grrrr, 
  that 's hilarious . 
  the whole esta charge is a pain in the arse . 
  do eu countries charge travelers from the usa an equivalent charge ? 
  we have loads of polish in irlandia but we do n't even warrant an opinion . 
  right !, 
  poles go home , leave your women , take ours !, 
  i can understand the cultural attachment , the tyranny of distance i believe is a common term used in australia . 
  it would be a kick for you if you were in spain long enough for residency but the uk becoming inaccessible post brexit . 
  and as it 's a pretty standard business model , they only open where it 's profitable it 's a pretty good reflection across a lot of nations . 
  are you free to work and travel in schengen or is your residency attached to one country ? 
  big mac index is probably better . 
  it 's the same product using local cost source inputs for individual countries so how many big macs the average wage buys you probably gives you a clearer picture of general purchasing power .
