  their number one priority in parliament was n't the negotiations but getting a new yacht for the queen so they can party like 1899 again . 
   what we can learn from the brexit is that we never should fully trust politics and the media . 
  the number one priority of an elected government is reelection , even if it means damaging the economy . 
  anyway their political system is probably more at fault , it 's a first past the post voting system where a minority win can form a government . 
  proportional representation is far more stable because it produces coalitions and compromise is needed to form multiparty governments . 
  food production involves energy costs , fuel prices are in $ . 
  the uk sorted its unemployment problem , it 's called `` working poor '' . 
  `` i 'm warning you , stop making me hit myself ! '', 
  the damage is done . 
  even if brexit was parked due to economic pressure there 's no guarantee that british isolationalism wo n't reemerge as soon as things improve . 
  well the eu certainly not responsibly for the large indian and pakistani migration numbers . 
  yes , it could trump brexit !, 
   `` the pound used to be a relatively simple currency that used to trade on cyclical events and data , but now it has become a political and structural currency , '' wrote david bloom , strategist at hsbc holdings plc in a note on friday . 
  `` the currency is now the de facto official opposition to the government 's policies . '', 
  that 's it essentially . 
  how far politics will drive the economics before the economics bites back remains to be seen , however judging by the entrenched brexit brigade nothing short of full collapse will give them pause and even then that may not be enough . 
  well going by the reports into clerical sex abuse in the rcc in ireland it would appear that in a lot of cases people knew that some priests were `` funny '' , or a `` fiddler '' but the long term effects on the victims was n't understood . 
  in the past before wide spread media , the church would deal with complaints about problem priests by relocating them elsewhere , obviously after mass media this became harder and victims uniting made brought the problem to the public into the social sphere . 
  ironically the anti-vaxxer movement is working in reverse , vaccines were so successful that herd immunity against the once common scourges of polio and measles is being weakened by lack of common experience of said diseases , the loss of a generational fear of them misplaces focus on the vaccine and not what they counteract . 
  ulster says no , even on leaving the eu !, 
  yes only their buses will be allowed on the road . 
  fuck off with your monopoly shite . 
  good piece . 
  it reminded me of last year when cameron pumped up from election victory arrived in looking for attention for his eurskeptic demands while everyone else was busy with the greek crisis . 
  if there is an eu customs border in ireland the only threat will be from uk sponsored terrorists . 
  on the other hand jimmy saville got away for years because too many people around him saw nothing unacceptable . 
  yes but other regions ( and i think region will become more important in the future than nation ) will have other produce to to trade that germany needs . 
  well that 's the problem of being the only floating currency in a huge trade bloc with free movement of capital , you become a speculator sport . 
  everyone is taking their money out of the game now . 
  maybe he 's pissed that his zero regulating london banking bolt hole will be shutting itself out of the eu . 
  well she has to go full brexit to to kill ukip off for good . 
  football clubs have massive commercial earnings , even the ones owned by the fans . 
  global tv rights alone is a huge earner . 
  google spanish football clubs and tax breaks . 
  you really do n't get the our constitution . 
  are you stupid ? 
  it does n't matter what are government says , they 're bound by our constitution . 
  our constitution are absorbed eu law and it ca n't unchange that without constitutional referendum . 
  it 's not up to us to clarify this for brits . 
  this has been a huge a waste of time . 
  we 're not giving access to uk workers because the irish government has already stated we re not following the uk out of the eu . 
  get over it . 
  yes it 's called eu membership but obviously that the fact that ireland is a member keeps going over your head . 
  do you really expect each individual eu member to give uk workers free access to their labour market after blocking off your own ? 
  forget irish-uk history , it 's over now and to be honest a lot of people are relieved . 
  anyone in the northern ireland can claim irish citizeship and that most important for us . 
  the economic changes are challenging but our trade with the eu has been growing and now brexit provides an extra push . 
  and most importantly of all , why should we actually give you priority over australian , canadian or usa workers over the uk ? 
  it 's bad enough that you dictate that your border security will move to irish ports , show me the irish consent to that ? 
  we are not giving uk citizens unrestricted access to our eu market . 
  full stop . 
  we can deign to allow brits go for jobs that ca n't be filled by an eu candidate but that 's it . 
  uk labour will be a secondary market . 
  that 's brexit baby . 
  we 're staying in the club and we 're not opening the fire exit to let you in the back . 
  some predictions were saying parity by mid next year but the moves last week were greater than anyone had foreseen , may really put the frighteners on the markets . 
  which country are you in ? 
  ireland is a republic , it 's no longer a part of the uk . 
  it 's a member of a voluntary union for the free movement of goods , services of labour . 
  the uk is leaving that union . 
  ireland can issue work visas as it sees fit but it also has to meet its commitments to eu partners . 
  what you seem to imagine is that somehow ireland would put the uk before its access to the eu market . 
  this is n't going to happen . 
  you repeatedly ignore our laws which are eu laws in our constitution . 
  we are not a part of the uk anymore ? 
  ok , got that now ? 
   eu law does not have any stance on whether or not ireland lets uk workers work in ireland . 
  it is nothing whatsoever to do with the eu . 
  it is a question for the irish government and irish democracy . 
  you 're right it is a matter for irish democracy and irish voters voted by referendum to ratify successive eu treaties into our constitution . 
  after the uk leaves irish laws will be brought into line with the constitution . 
  you seem to have a hard accepting that the republic is a member of the eu . 
  you 're going the wrong way , the eu negotiating team are waiting over here . 
  do hurry up . 
  the condition of crop failure were common along the western seaboard but only in ireland did it lead to famine . 
  it was the policies of privation that reduced the native population to a state of poverty whereby famine and its associated diseases where an inevitable outcome . 
  of course the irish constitution does n't prohibit british nationals from working in the republic while we are both members of the eu but once the uk leaves our eu commitments take precedent . 
  all previous agreements and right are superseded by our status as an eu nation . 
  if you want special access to the eu labour market you 'll have to go to brussels . 
  you ca n't dictate access to our eu labour market . 
  you got what you wanted , restricting access of eu citizens to your labour market and i really ca n't understand why you 'd be upset when it 's reciprocated . 
  on all eu/uk it is . 
  the crossborder institutions can continue on with amendment to reflect a new eu/uk border . 
  did you miss the previous halving of the irish population under the policies of privation under british rule ? 
  obviously like the breixteers did ' t need facts you do n't need history . 
   i did n't suggest otherwise anywhere , they could however have free and equal access to the irish job market , which is sort of the point you 're not getting this . 
  brits right in ireland that do n't clash with ireland eu membership are unaffected . 
  however brits will not be able to freely enter the republics job market as they do now as they will no longer be eu citizens . 
  no it 's not . 
  ireland problem is that its taxation regime is too transparent , all across europe nations subsidize their native champions , the brits go one better by subsidizing a steel industry where profits go elsewhere !, 
  yes , please carry on brexiting . 
  actually if you could pick up the pace that would be great . 
  first cameron said it would the day after the vote , then may said it would be january , march is the new deadline !, 
  so you agree that brits wo n't have free access to the republics eu job market . 
  that was hard but we got there . 
  if an eu citizen and a non-eu brit go for a job that they 're equally suitable for and the non-eu brit is given the job then we 'd have to answer to all the eu nations who open their job market to us . 
  the non-eu brit will have to go through the same visa process as chinese , canadians and australians . 
  this is the visa regime the uk brexiteers wanted and now they 'll get . 
  as members of the common market , eu citizens come first . 
  brits can apply the same as everyone else for a visa and ireland can grant said visas as it need to but eu free movement for eu citizens takes precedence in irish law .
