  getting passports get your kids access to an extra job market of half a billion on top of the us job market . 
  landing a job with residency rights is multiple times easier than without . 
  i have lots of relatives with both passports , some even work in the us half the year and then europe for the other half . 
  if you 're money orientated then i can see why you 'd be hesitant but life is about living too and i am thankful everyday that i have an eu passport . 
  i 've worked in the us and please do n't be insulted but the there is n't anything like the cultural variances there and after a while it all seems the same whereas i still i feel there 's so much to discover on my own doorstep in europe . 
  variety is the spice of life . 
  nestle is swiss ? 
  not in the eu . 
  a friend posted his anti israel disgust about about the unfair military advantage . 
  what would make him happy , a more even kill ratio ? 
  meanwhile the shit going down in syria did n't matter to him . 
  thanks god for that !, 
  why would a country need to make a provision to protect jews ? 
  by that thinking palestine is the occupying force . 
  hey , i 'm pro palestinian/israel peace and i do n't believe it has to be a two state solution but being just pro palestinian unfortunately sounds anti israel ; it 's just sounds like those who say ` i 'm not racist but those irish ... etc ' . 
  maybe if the world looked elsewhere and stopped expecting a game of winners and losers then there may be peace in the region . 
  europe has had two millennia of telling jews where they could or could not live , and then when not satisfied with that pastime they switched on the ovens . 
  i wonder if europe 's preoccupation with palestine but disinterest in arabs killing arabs is more to do with wanting to scratch an old itch . 
  they did ? 
  after the british pulled out the surrounding arab nations vowed to drive all jews into the sea , tell me what do you think they should have done ? 
  had a little peace rally perhaps ? 
  there are no standards in survival , you either do or you do n't survive . 
  something easily forgotten by armchair freedom fighters . 
  the jews not belonging to europe was amply defined by the persecutions there , europe did n't give them a choice but to go home . 
  europe also split the arab world along lines that have created wars to this day . 
  go europe !, 
  i do n't doubt it . 
  are you saying that there were no jews living there before the creation of israel ? 
  the settlements are in the west bank , the rockets are n't coming form there . 
  israel forcefully pulled jewish settlers out of gaza but that 's where the rockets are coming from . 
  the roman empire took away the jews right to their own land . 
  ireland talks of 800 years of invasion , the jews can talk of two millennia of invasion , enslavement , european ghetto 's , spanish inquisitions , russian pogroms etc. . . hadrian created palestine to erase that troublesome upstart judea from the soil . 
  do you think it wrong that israel , like ireland should not have the right to exist just because an invading empire says so ? 
  well hamas is avowed to the destruction of israel by any means , so for them it 's not proportion but time that 's important . 
  edit to add : seeing how little concern there is for the khmer rouge type events in syria it would seem that your primary concern is not peace but a good fight . 
  that 's sick . 
  you underestimate hamas , the suicide bomber has been in the palestinian arsenal long before the madrid and london bombings and the twin towers attack . 
  i knew an irish guy who was once very pro plo , then he went on a humanitarian mission to gaza . 
  he went from being biased against israel to being very tempered about the whole conflict , when pressed all he 'd say was that is was more than two sided , he stopped wearing his plo scarf and went from agitation to apathy . 
  the old saying goes if you 're not idealistic in your 20s then you 've no heart but if you 're still idealistic in your 30s then you 've no head . 
  egypt brokered a peace last week , israel said yes , hamas said to agree to peace was surrender and declined . 
  they chose war . 
  when i saw the question i wondered when had they ever being good economically ? 
  this must be relating to what language is been thought in schools as polish does n't appear anywhere for ireland yet it 's more commonly spoken than irish in ireland . 
  plus polish parents run polish lessons for their kids outside of the official curriculum so it 's never going to show up . 
  irish is rarely heard on the streets but is compulsory in schools . 
  australian conservatism is english conservatism on steroids . 
  thanks , i used to the sequence of events after a visit to cyprus . 
  there was a bishop who rallied people to rise against their non christian neighbours , he 's still a bit of a local hero amongst rural people from what i remember . 
  serious question , did greece want to unite with cyprus at that time ? 
  it seems the further removed the conflict the easier it is to be impassioned about it , either pro and against war in syria . 
  but when the conflict is on eu borders then emotions become restrained . 
  inadvertently ukraine has probably done more for defining european consensus even if so far it 's been mostly inaction . 
  in the long term it will hasten the drive to be less dependent on russia for energy needs . 
  italian drivers may be mad but their awareness is good whereas the french are mostly sozzled !, 
  there 's also been huge structural improvements , more motorways built . 
  most road deaths happen on secondary roads . 
  so do we in ireland but it 's hard to drink drive without spilling any !, 
  it just looks as if exposure is either enhanced in the second picture or subdued in the first . 
  i went looking for new towns that did n't exist 20 years ago like that huge complex outside madrid and there just does n't seem to be any changes . 
  like to see that in per head of population terms . 
  american publication will see things through an us perspective , centralised power being ultimate power where as in reality europe is n't a federation like the us . 
  but seriously how much of russia is actually habitable ? 
  1.94 from ireland , i 'm a deformed leprechuan !, 
  bloody hell , i do n't know what rock you 've been living under but it 's hardly been out of the news . 
  i got married in malta . 
  there are few places in the world with so much history crammed into such a small area . 
  halfa airstrip was and i think remains the most bombed place in the world . 
  possibly the most awesome ancient site i 've ever visited is the hypogeum , it really does evoke a primal response . 
  despite its predominance in the media it really is only a passing issue . 
  four months ago the narrative was the that the eurozone was about to implode because of greece , now it barely gets a passing mention . 
  once winter sets in you 'll see less refugee movement and subsequently less media coverage . 
  as they say in the media `` if it bleeds , it leads ! '', 
  if ramadan happens during the long summer days of midnight sun there 's going to be a lot of starving muslims !, 
  the same thing happens in ireland , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uivio1znhmm, 
  i so loved malta that we got married there , absolutely lovely . 
  plus we were there for white night when all of valetta was lit by candlelight , it was really special . 
  birgu is really interesting too but book ahead for the hypogium , it 's worth the effort . 
  ryanair fly from ireland all through the winter , i was checking malta for a jan/feb break and right now i can find a return for around $ 100 . 
  i thought trotting was a pretty common sport there . 
  if you want to get pedantic then i ca n't stop you . 
  my point is and always has been that in international teams english tends to dominates . 
  logically within each nation state the local language dominates but multinationals operate across many languages . 
  in international project teams english tends to dominate although as you rightly pointed out within italy and the spanish world the local language dominates . 
  good one . 
  get on great with the poles , do n't know about the finnish although their love of deathmetal might be a bit too morbid for the bit of craic ; it might kill a good singsong . 
   you 'll have to pull it down pretty sharpish . 
  we 'll attach a few litres of vodka to the kite and lure the russians down to the ground !, 
  the children of lir , also tir na nog ; the land beyond the waves where no one gets old . 
  there seems to be plenty of people who 's only language is english yet ca n't communicate with a significant level of people !, 
  in engineering and scientific work english is already the defacto international language , a working knowledge is all that 's required . 
  although if the russia flies too close again we 'll have to switch the kite back to coastal duties . 
  because we 're messers . 
  i do n't there 's a contract based in reality that he would be able to sign up to . 
  how was it turned into a yes ? 
  the people voted against an incomplete bailout package and then the government that called for the vote ignored it by signing up to an even tougher package . 
  this is the guy who said he 'd resign if the greek referendum was lost but when he won it he resigned . 
  seriously , which way is up with him ? 
  the esfm was n't tapped , the uk rejected a call for it to be tapped but it was not alone in resisting that french suggestion . 
  from an irish point of view a brexit would be excellent , already british business are locating offices in ireland as a contingency .
