  the british occupation of ireland was carried out through violence . 
  you set the terms , we met them . 
  come to ireland and tell everyone how they 're a british island and see how you get on . 
  look . 
  the greeks and romans had names for these islands but we also had our own and just because you accept their terms does n't mean we have to . 
   ok then . 
  you 're wrong to reject it being called part of the british isles . 
  no , you actually have to come to ireland and tell irish people to their face that they 're wrong to reject being called a british isle . 
  anything less is meaningless . 
  i think the exact figure is 300,000 british citizens in ireland . 
  do n't know the exact figure for polish . 
  do n't worry poland , in exchange for all the women you sent us , we 're sending our women to you . 
  hope you like irish dancing and bacon and cabbage . 
  what about londonderry , that 's nothing to do with empire ? 
  listen put your pompous dictating to the test , come to ireland and tell people they 're wrong to reject being called a british isle . 
  just do it . 
  do n't talk about it . 
  do it . 
  action establishes the fact . 
   ireland and great britain are parts of the british isles . 
  ireland is not part of the british isles . 
  in your head it may be but fuck you and fucking empire . 
  come to ireland and tell people on the streets that ireland is in the british isles . 
  do it , i fuckin dare you . 
   british in this context is a geographical adjective ireland is a geographical reality too , you ca n't make it vanish at a whim . 
  well that just proves my point then that calling ireland a british isle is just wrong . 
  thanks . 
   by birth ( by birth in the united kingdom or it 's crown dependencies )  by descent ( by having a parent born or naturalised in the uk )  there is no argument . 
  their birth certificates say british , not irish , not uk-ish , british . 
  but the uk is not british , it 's an amalgam of territories on two distinct islands . 
  before the act of union the whole island of ireland was known as the united kingdom of great britain and ireland , the latter being amended after partition . 
  it had not been called the united kingdom of great britain and british ireland . 
  an irish person calling themselves british is like those american tourists who say they 're irish . 
  it 's entirely notional . 
  my british friends are adamant that their kids be schooled in ireland . 
  i always thought they were being harsh but i 'm starting to accept their reservations . 
  holding a uk passport does not make someone british as the uk stands for the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland !!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  you 're british if you 're from the island of britain !!!!!!!!, 
  [ look this up !, 
  ] ( http://listaka.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/2_uk_passport_front.jpg ), 
   the ( overwhelming ) majority of northern ireland wishes to be in the uk and hold their british nationality/citizenship . 
  citizens of northern ireland are not british , they 're irish . 
  they are citizens of the uk along with those on the island of britain . 
  ok , simpler to digest . 
  they are citizens of one political union that 's on two geographically distinct islands . 
  you would n't like being told you 're not irish because you come from `` the british isles '' . 
  so why propagate titles that conflate your nationality with elsewhere ? 
  northern ireland is legally a part of the united kingdom of britain ( the island of britain ) and northern ireland ( the part of the island of ireland ) . 
  get over it . 
  to brits it may be but to us it ai n't . 
  if you 're not happy about this then come to dublin at easter and make sure to wear your best union jack shit . 
  geographically and politically britain refers to the island of britain which includes wales , scotland and england but neither parts of ireland . 
  being downvoted for stating a fact . 
  is geography even taught in uk schools these days ? 
  britannia = england , scotland and wales . 
  hibernia = irish republic and northern ireland . 
  maybe if britain was referred to as being part of the `` irish isles '' they 'd finally get the hint . 
  stockholm syndrome means empathy for captors , outside of unionist areas that 's thin on the ground in northern ireland . 
  go shout that around the bonfires on the 12th . 
  why is n't your flair a butchers apron ? 
  do you have a personal stake in this matter ? 
  arrogantly joke all you want about it but that situation had consequences for civilians in the uk and the irish republic . 
  actually it 's entirely logical . 
  even scottish independence activists are calling for a brexit to force another scottish referendum . 
  if the uk is dissolved then england would be left to fund northern ireland without help from the eu . 
  this could hasten greater cooperation between the north and the southern republic . 
  tell people on the falls road it is n't relevant and see how you get on . 
  our population is still less than since the eve of that calamitous event that to you may seem trivial . 
  it 's the trend that 's interesting . 
  yeah , after creating the conditions that saw our population cut in half in a century it would be fair to say your arrogance is n't missed . 
  when voting on what exactly ? 
  a ban on brits coming to their countries ? 
  yeah , there was thing called the invasion and occupation of ireland , you might have heard of it . 
   they 're entitled to feel aggrieved whether they think the uk population stat is five percent or fifty . 
  by that thinking everyone else is entitled to label all brits abroad as drunken yobs !, 
  i 'm deeply wounded to the heart of my bottom . 
  wow , your reply completely made that information redundant . 
  such wits , much smart ... . 
  actually the current trend seems to be brits who can increasingly applying for irish passports !, 
  on average , britons estimate that 28 % of the uk population were born in other eu countries . 
  office for national statistics figures for year ending december 2014 show that 8.3 million uk residents , 13 % of the total population , were born abroad . 
  however , only 3 million of those were born in an eu country so the real figure is less than 5 % . 
  well emigration has been a major issue for ireland in recent years . 
  how duplicitous of me . 
  that is sad . 
  however i may have to do some work in the uk soon and if i 'm there in time to register i 'll do my bit by voting for the uk to leave . 
  shut the door when you 're leaving . 
  the anglo irish were some the architects of irish independence . 
  wolfe tone would have been called anglo irish . 
  on the matter of anglo-irish , an irish person with a name of foreign origin does n't make them less irish . 
  some brits might claim them but then that 's akin to yanks saying they 're irish just because their great great grandmother was from ireland . 
  anglo irish is not british but that has n't stopped them being misappropriated . 
  then again britain taking stuff that 's not there 's is n't new . 
  no , ireland actually has a corporate tax rate whereas london provides the evasion , hence why russian oligarchs head there . 
  conrad was polish . 
  for fucks sake if you knew you literature you 'd know swift , stoker and joyce were irish !, 
  the printing press !, 
  in which bands . 
  there seems to be huge variations between across different industries . 
  what 's the normalised international corporate tax rate ?
