  proficiency in the language is secondary to its use for cultural differentiation from ireland 's former foreign government . 
  we 'd happily forego our portion of greek debt for one of their small islands , ireland on the med !, 
  i studied poetry , drama , composition and literature through the english language but i never studied english as a language . 
  i do n't remember lessons in english grammar for instance but i do remember endless irish grammar lessons . 
  i have no opinion of the method of irish teaching because frankly after having to endure years tedium i just do n't care . 
  i do however appreciate that friends who enjoy irish derive a pleasure from it and they respect that i have no love for it . 
  each to their own . 
  i got the impression form those who speak irish that school irish was based on one particular part of the country , i ca n't remember which part though . 
  all that money spent on compulsory irish and i know know more polish without trying . 
  we still have a shocking hangover but at least the horrors have stopped . 
  cultural attitudes are hard to change , ireland had a fanatical obsession with property ownership which only softened after we needed to be bailed out . 
  i hope greece society embraces the benefits of a functioning tax regime . 
  best of luck . 
  a cultural thing ? 
  if freeloading is a cultural then there is a lot racism around . 
  there was always that possibility but never without meaningful reforms . 
  it would put greece at least to the end of the queue . 
  their standards and accreditation will be severely scrutinised . 
  they would find themselves eu members in name only . 
  and that 's your reply . 
  this game is fun . 
  everyone loves the sound of it but few are actually committed to using it . 
  funding it only pays homage . 
  there 's been a recent irish speaker civil war where native speakers consider school irish as inauthentic and unrepresentative of the language . 
  along with maltese . 
  no one will invest one 1c while syriza are still in power . 
  what 's the point when everything they 've done suggests that they want to take greece out of the eu . 
  hold up hold there . 
  greece is making a mess of itself . 
  all the eu members can to help them help themselves by offering a bailout when asked . 
  unlike the usa the eu is not a federation and member states are free to leave . 
   these are gimmicks to train citizens . 
  to train citizens to pay taxes ? 
  or would you prefer that greeks pay no taxes yet be funded by all the other eu citizens who do pay their taxes . 
  well i do n't share your view . 
  there are jobs i prefer doing over others and my ambition is to make my living from something i love . 
  as the saying goes if you love your work you 'll never work a day in your life . 
  this scheme in particular was a serious proposal by the finance minister of a sovereign nation . 
  that nation is greece . 
  amongst members equal rights come with equal responsibilities . 
  i ca n't imagine too many countries are tempted to put their populations through capital controls and eventual devaluation that will destroy savings . 
  if greece ca n't be a good example it will be a horrible warning . 
  try telling greece it needs a functioning tax regime . 
  they 're reverting back to the old papering over the cracks with devaluation . 
  we ca n't save them from themselves . 
  [ there you go ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-31780354 ) . 
  you wo n't be able to relax if you 're wondering if a tourist is about to audit you !, 
  they 're probably using legacy pricing , the price at which it was pegged to the euro for the years before the physical currency switch . 
  are you denying that tsipras suggested tourists be tax inspectors ? 
  well if they 're not adding to the economy then they 're better off without them . 
  seriously what stopping tsipras from taxing the wealthy . 
  as he said himself he 's spent more time being confrontational with the eu and imf than actually running greece . 
  he wasted all this for a worse deal , a default status shared with zimbabwe and somalia , capital controls that are affecting every aspects of daily greek life and the possibility of being left behind by the eu . 
  in may he even suggested hiring tourists to be tax inspectors !!!!!, 
  how is he going to tax the rich if he needs tourists to be tax inspectors ? 
  we 're sick of this shit . 
  stop taking the piss or piss off . 
  what 's stopping him from taxing greek shipping , he does n't need anyones authority to do that . 
  so why is n't he doing that ? 
  currency devaluation means higher import costs which end up evening out the short term competitive advantage . 
  it 's no substitution for real competition . 
  leaving a large currency block also means losing that purchasing power , energy imports will cost more as you 're now competing with many more similar sized economies . 
  ultimately the only winners from the inflation of a currency devaluation are those who hold loads of debt , historically inflation is known as theft by the king . 
  it does n't affect those who own property but everyone else 's wealth is reduced . 
  if paying the bills is your only ambition then you 've got problems that money ca n't fix . 
  that sounds very defeatist . 
  leaving the eu and not tapping into north guarantees more dependency on being just a sun destination . 
  go north , get a piece of the action , if italy seems a bit dull that does n't mean you have to be too . 
  he got to work with them whereas the only people who seemed to get on with syriza were ukip . 
  ca n't do it , if the eu was a fiscal union then there may be a case . 
  also only greece needs it and it can do it by printing drachma . 
  devaluing the savings of most europeans would split up the eu whereas letting greece off wo n't . 
  gratitude aside , there 's no excuse for their lack of cooperation . 
  they choose confrontation and they 've adult enough to face the consequences . 
  both greece and the eurozone will be better off without eachother . 
  devaluing the currency of 18 states to save the blushes of one state , hardly sound policy . 
  get this straight , greece asked for a bailout , it was n't forced . 
  strings attached are normal for loans , unless you believe that paying back what you borrow should be optional . 
  greece may be happy to let its banking sector collapse and wipe out its savers but other european societies from whom greece asked for loans from , elected to protect their citizens wealth . 
  withdrawing exposure to greek debt is another way in which these societies protect their citizens wealth . 
  the only instance where supervised reform will be accepted by greeks is after total economic and social collapse . 
  europe ca n't save greece from itself , extending forbearance after all the ingratitude of the previous bailouts do more damage to unity than letting greece go . 
  are you sure that what they 're is us style qe ? 
  would n't growth be swallowed by corruption ? 
  taking a hit on letting greece default now has become more palatable than lending more money for them to default on later . 
  what 's the alternative to austerity ? 
  debt writedown is n't a neutral option as others will take a hit . 
  so what is the alternative to austerity where no one loses ? 
  ukip do n't care , the eu is just a platform to bang their uk isolation drum, 
  i think there was a law in italy that meant you had keep your receipt on you for so many metres after you left the hotel or restaurant so an inspector can check to see if you were charged tax . 
  i think it was repealed a few years ago . 
  [ greece 's tax evasion is so serious that they were going to pay tourists as tax inspectors . 
  although where they 'd find the money to that is beyond me . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-31780354 ), 
  if we support tax evasion in a country then we end having to support their essential services later because their collected taxes do n't cover it etc. . . 
  so grexit was the opening act then brexit is the main show !, 
  well that 's the greeks sorted , everyone can now go on their holidays !, 
  [ this is what you voted for . 
  i agree , the germans are getting tarred the same way too . 
  why wait , move to greece now and you 'll be done with the eu quicker !,
