  yeah but out the door to where ? 
  regroup across the road at the horse and hound where nigel the barman only serves warm beer and nuts . 
  if both currency fall together then there 's no net gain . 
  this eric hoffer quote for the 1950s came to my mind a lot with the rise of trump . 
   it is easier to hate an enemy with much good in him than one who is all bad . 
  we can not hate those we despise . 
  the japanese had an advantage over us in that they admired us more than we admired them . 
  they could hate us more fervently than we could hate them . 
  the americans are poor haters in international affairs because of their innate feeling of superiority over all foreigners . 
  an american 's hatred for a fellow american ( for hoover or roosevelt ) is far more virulent than any antipathy he can work up against foreigners . 
  it is of interest that the backward south shows more xenophobia than the rest of the country . 
  should americans begin to hate foreigners wholeheartedly , ** it will be an indication that they have lost confidence in their own way of life ** . 
  the actor who played leo was very awkward and always seemed to wave his arms around a lot . 
  he was a running joke on the gift grub radio comedy slot . 
  boom !, 
  you just popped leo from fair city into my head !, 
  thanks , i nearly snapped me neck with that flashback . 
   that said , the eu is pretty ignorant too . 
  the eu does not exist for the benefit of the uk . 
  if the uk does n't want accountable media then the eu ca n't stop it . 
  up until 1995 french was the diplomatic language but the real change came with finland and sweden joining , they used english fluently and then when the former eastern bloc countries arrived they augmented its use . 
  personally i think brexit actually makes it easier for english to be used as the business language , as it is already commonly used globally in science and aviation . 
  with england leaving the eu , english can be use to get work done without engendering any cultural jealousies . 
   the european commission representation said it `` noted '' the report that english would cease to be an official language of the eu but said it was `` incorrect '' . 
  `` the council of ministers , acting unanimously , decide on the rules governing the use of languages by the european institutions . 
  in other words , any change to the eu institutions ' language regime is subject to a unanimous vote of the council , including ireland , '' the statement said . 
  so you see , we have the choice , not you . 
  if greece can fix its public office corruption then he may have a model we could all learn from . 
  no , the new thing is rounding up drunk british tourists and have them sober up , then release them into the arena to fight each other over a six pack of stella . 
  well he should n't call it what it is n't when it 's the usa thats the empire in denial . 
  empire ? 
  ireland has two legal languages and that 's recognised in the eu so irish and and english are both representative of ireland . 
  its our right to choose which we use , not yours . 
  the clue is in their name , the conservative party . 
  they 've no ideology other than self preservation and a insecure nation ( mostly england ) is regrouping around the flag . 
  when it was confident it could feel international but a mixed bag of disastrous military adventures and a decade of falling purchasing power has made them defensive . 
  of course this instinctual regrouping and spurning of its peers ( brexit ) does n't actually offer solutions but instead amplifies the insecurities . 
  it 's impossible to design a system of governance so perfect that nobody needs to be good . 
  this happened in bangladesh and it made a huge difference in reducing the fertility rate . 
  i bet this guy is well off enough to not have to think about budgeting when he travels . 
   airbnb is n't authentic , it 's landlords renting out their rooms for tourists instead of residents because they make a lot more money that way . 
  hotels use airbnb to let rooms too so you 're been very unfair to those who offer an authentic stay . 
  not to the same degree as the uk and certainly a lot less since our spectacular own goal that was the property bubble and bust . 
  the writer michael foley sums up the nigel farage type perfectly . 
   many of the politicians in favour of brexit seem to me authoritarian bullies posing as jovial men of the people . 
  they howl with rage at european controls not from any love of freedom but because they themselves want exclusive control . 
  it 's another example of the familiar command of nationalists , ` do n't do what they tell you , do what we tell you '' so british nationalism = good , irish nationalism = bad, 
  thanks , although i think continental english speakers are generally easier to understand than a lot of the strong accents in ireland . 
  no denying that although there 's still people who 're still smarting from the property bubble and who 'd like to blame the eu rather than lay the blame where it belongs at the politicians they elected to pump the bubble . 
  after all those years of farage trolling the eu it 's payback . 
  have they really won when i can understand english spoken better by a non native speaker from the continental europe ? 
  we certainly make no claim to its proper use in ireland , my eu friends tell i become incomprehensible when i 'm speaking hiberno-english with fellow irish . 
   does this guy just like riling up people ? 
  yes and he 's good at it . 
  first really sunny friday in a while i seen plenty plastered by 5pm today !, 
  hey , may called the meeting . 
  it was n't normal eu business amongst full members . 
  do n't forget that 60 % of all balcony falls in spain are by british tourists . 
  i think there 's some kind of disorientation when they 're out of their sceptered isle . 
  there 's a difference . 
  while the government will use policy to effect new controls on immigration from different cultures there 's still people who want to effect racial change on the streets and the government may end up having to face them on the streets where mainstream parties are n't popular . 
  wow , there 's a lot of assumptions . 
  all i 'm hearing is a disinterest in diversification . 
  it confirms what everyone already knows . 
  the uk still think they control the terms of their brexit . 
  having lots of cash does n't make anyone immune from blowing it , look at aol and time warner !, 
  depends where they invest it . 
  there 's plenty of examples of corporate behemoths having the legs cut from under them once they their focus shifts away from innovation . 
  their market share in china , which they once dominated is shrinking fast . 
  it 's a win win for ireland . 
  seeking clarification on eu rulings lets companies know they 're welcome and at the same time ensuring they pay what they should . 
  no one loses face . 
  however there is unease about sudden tax windfalls , apple for instance is a company with many rising competitors and they could end up eclipsed like nokia . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  farage is a gun for hire now and like a weather vane he 's fine tuned to the market for british purification . 
  his sudden `` concern '' for irish nationalism is pure positioning . 
  are edl and britain first widespread and organised ? 
  if they are i can seem them gaining as brexit has legitimized anti-migration and now they 'll come after the non-eu migrants . 
   far more likely is that eu leaders decided to leak the proceedings of their dinner on sunday with may in order to warn their own public about how irrational britain has become . 
  what is persistently called a leak in the uk media was the eu keeping everyone in the loop about the outsider . 
  the penny has n't dropped yet that what 's sensitive to the uk is n't to the eu . 
  i agree with him wholeheartedly that 's it 's nonsensical the eu wanting to help corbyn who has an actual proven track record of being anti-eec/ec/eu . 
  while the bulk of the ukip vote folds back into the tory mothership will the racists it attracted go now , back to bnp ? 
  when the tories were generally pro-eec it was labour who was anti-eec , the switch happened i reckon around 1992 , when it looked like the uk was losing its prominent cold war role in europe . 
  resistance against shared eu competencies and controls was not from any love of freedom but because they themselves wanted exclusive control . 
  now they have exclusive control again as outsiders having to either accept or refuse what 's offered by the eu . 
  despite their current popularity , being in control is not a good place to be when all this perceived control fails to be matched economically . 
  we 're open and transparent unlike france or the uk and we fully expect apple to be smacked down for liberally interpreting their tax liabilities . 
  i really do wonder at these kinds of people . 
  is it willful ignorance or just plain ineptitude ? 
  ukip were hypertories to begin with . 
  what for having an open and transparent rate while tax is evaded through multiple loopholes in france ? 
  ah go on up the garden with ya !, 
  well the memories of the cjd outbreak is enough to make go vegi !, 
  another thing to keep in mind is that 95 % of the vets who certify the uk meat industry are eu citizens , the uk vets prefer the horses and cuddly stuff over the slaughter industry . 
  if you remember the foot and mouth and cjd outbreaks you 'll appreciate how serious a fall off in standards is . 
  nah , it 's a shite paper that does n't hide its bias to its advertisers but it 's got nothing on the nationalism of the daily mail . 
   as an import country it 's good to be encouraging domestic business growth like this . 
  yeah about that , tesco have started importing argentinian beef . 
  i should have flagged my post as sarcasm .
