  well poland is doing well , a few colleagues that had been in ireland for a decade headed back last year . 
  even though wages were still lower , cost of living was now better for them . 
  i 've even see a car in the uk with `` sick on holidays , you may be entitled to compensation !, 
  call us at ... '' . 
  well if you get the taste for touring also check out the eurovelo routes for cycling around europe . 
  you might need to book that norway to newcastle boat well in advance , i looked into it before and it can get pretty heavily booked . 
  there 's also a spain ( gijon ) to rosslaire ferry to rosslaire . 
  definitely do a driving holiday through france . 
  buy a tent and stay at sites along the way . 
  http://www.eutouring.com/map_french_campsites_in_france.html obviously it 's better to do it before europe goes on holiday in july and august . 
  or for a mad alternative drive north to scandinavia and cross from bergen to newcastle and then stranrear to larne or belfast !, 
  well i get emails offering roughly $ 120 for late night sailing for a car and two passengers with irishferries from hollyhead to dublin , you 'd probaby better off avoiding the uk and head france to rosslaire . 
  i 'll be taking the car home though . 
  ca n't wait , this place is minus craic . 
  you sick fucker , you made me lol !, 
  north england . 
  with tourism numbers to ireland from uk down with the weakened pound i 'm getting loads of good offers on irish ferries so a few hours to holyhead and short cruise i 'm back . 
  now its just lining up the time . 
  he targeted a politician for political reasons so i disagree with you that it was n't terrorism . 
  she was no less a terrorism victim than pat finucane . 
  tis the craic i miss . 
  the number of new registrations in ireland went down with the weakening of sterling , there 's a huge saving to be made buying a six month old car in the uk and pay the import registration fees . 
   besides , the scots are more british than the english . 
  see that i do n't understand . 
  does that mean english are less british that scottish ? 
  hopefully getting back for a break soon . 
  miss that countryside . 
  juncker is trolling . 
  it 's ridiculous not to expect some blowback after all the shite that 's come out british politicians , boris saying eu = nazis etc. . . that shit is n't forgotten . 
  does n't gove think may is a secret roman catholic ? 
  ah , but think in centuries . 
  it 's more than that . 
  i think we share a folk memory that was lost to materialism in the industrial societies . 
  i think the failure of material advancement in post industrial societies is having an alienating effect which is turning them insular . 
  we could never truly integrate in the uk though , we 're just not cricket . 
  people forget that before london the financial capital was antwerp so it moving again is no great surprise . 
  interesting you mention iran . 
  i got to know iranians in australia and they were a sound bunch of men and women . 
  i certainly felt more affinity with them and the aboriginals than i did with the status obsessed aussies . 
  well i feel zero affinity in outlook with the english . 
  any affinity is purely superficial . 
  are you actually irish ? 
  well cannabis sales was legal in the netherlands for decades but no one made general sweeping statements that the whole of europe legalized it . 
  culture is outlook too and it 's obvious that scotland has a different world or at least regional outlook than england . 
  for ourselves , unlike england , we easily see ourselves as global without having to leave the eu . 
  in past decades it was catholic terrorists !, 
  go to a bonfire in belfast on the 11/7 and see catholic effigies being burnt by loyal patriotic brits . 
  exsqueeze me ? 
  well with the prospect of scotland leaving the union of great britain there wo n't be a british identity . 
  i never heard any spaniard or portuguese identify as iberian !, 
  yeah but the anglo-sphere media do n't understand that . 
  the whole of the usa legalised cannabis ? 
  i did not know this . 
  they 're more likely to be beating the shit out of each other . 
  a young boy fell off a wall in greece , it would n't have happened if they still had the drachma !, 
  but ... but ... . the euro does n't work ... . greece ... . ireland ... . spain ... blah blah blah ... . 
  is he actually physically ill ? 
  he seems to have aged a lot recently . 
  reconsolidation . 
  superficially at least but i 'd recognise scotland as having a very different cultural outlook to england . 
  still too soon . 
  ulster unionist may identify as british but they get called irish by brits !, 
  oh the irony of sammy being called paddy !, 
  plus i had to add it just shows that multiple generations of outsiders still tried to violently force their ways on the native population . 
   the term ` nationality ' is pretty meaningless at this point . 
  do n't let your ulster unionists hear you say that or they 'll lynch you !, 
   go back to the sand from whence you came . 
  he 's the same nationality as the guy who killed jo cox . 
  it would help if eu nations like the uk stopped dealing arms with terrorist producing states like saudi arabia . 
  actually with the uk out of the picture there 's probably the best hope yet to tackle this terrorism problem . 
  yeah i doubt it , but finally having crossed a few red lines for pensioners she really has startled the horses . 
  well lets see where her will lies after the election . 
  she may yet need the dup to prop her up . 
  i knew a guy working in ireland form catalonia and he 'd talk as if the spanish civil war was still happening . 
  our own civil war defined our domestic politics but the actual armed conflict had cease nearly a century before and no one ever talked about it in the same relative terms as this catalonian . 
  it 's as if he wanted the civil war to start again . 
  some one posted a recent interview with a german paper last week in which he said that his mind for leaving was made up in 1990 after german reunification . 
  the uks cold war role was redundant and the uk needed to find a need leadership role in the world . 
  i have no doubt that farage was probably aided by foreign support but ultimately i believe his british nationalist motivation was honest . 
  we 've no interest in finding out but i wo n't be surprised that in the coming years as brexit grinds on there may be serious civil disturbances on british streets aimed at the new minorities . 
  the uk does n't seem to care , it 's leaving the ecj just so its soldiers ca n't be prosecuted for the types of massacres against civilians it carried out in ireland . 
  the thing is these were the reasons for independence and irish people still live with the legacies of sectarian intimidation in northern ireland today . 
  ireland voted overwhelmingly for home rule and ended up being partitioned for it . 
  explain why we should trust the uk now ? 
  but recent polls also put jobs in ireland over border issues . 
  the solution to end partition exists so there 's not much to say about it . 
  presently are catalonians being burnt out of their homes , denied jobs or being tortured and killed for their religion by spain ? 
  what gets me everytime is that the romans are as ancient to us today as the pyramids were to the romans !, 
  lol !, 
  how many brits actually live there fulltime ? 
  its not massive when you consider the uk constituted over 80 % of ireland 's export market pre-eec . 
  the uk only represents 13 % of irish exports . 
  if anything brexit will spur further reduction of exports to the uk , especially when nativist campaigns for the banning of irish beef in the uk co-op chain increase . 
  nah , rome is cool . 
  good memories of sitting in the colonnade of st peter 's square while enjoying a few tins of beer . 
  rome does n't just house christianity , it dwarfs it . 
   i would really hate to punish brits who believed in eu integration for what brexiters did . 
  it 's an accepted view that those brits who most believed in the eu will live the longest with the consequences so therefore it is imperative for their sakes that brexit be shown to be a complete failure and that a reverse course can be charted at a later date . 
  46 changes of italian prime minister in 66 years . 
  more like business as normal .
