  italian banks this year , brexit now , german banks next year ... 
  it would be very boring if it were predictable . 
  it 's not even that , it 's future volatility . 
  in ireland we used to be heavily dependent on the uk but now we increasingly look past that market and certainly now we 'll be favouring other markets before it . 
  i know you meant scotland but the dark greasy abyss lies between there and london . 
  yes . 
  brexit keeps giving for all exporting countries although exporters to the uk will see a 10 % + loss . 
  the writings on the wall though , time for exporters to find other markets to replace the uk . 
  how 's ftse 250 fairing when priced in $ ? 
  it 's no surprise really . 
  catholics marginalized in the north for decades by stormont but when they fight back they 're terrorists . 
  it 's funny how british media ignores orange order intimidation of and confrontation with catholic residents . 
  two years after the process of exiting has started . 
  the long slow waddle of the drunk that finally accepts there 's no point hanging around . 
  better heading to a dive bar where he can bore people with his stories like `` i had an empire once , ruled the word i did . 
  pax britannia !, 
  oh no , i just shat in my pants '' dive bar door held open ... 
  very good , it really did save me a headache in avoiding bank fees . 
  great uni , cheapest house prices , international airport with lots of room to expand . 
  centuries of occupation . 
  how about joining the eurozone ? 
  not in berlin . 
  use monese , no need for a uk address . 
  londoners would sooner drive to berlin than drive through north england . 
  have a friend bought a house in romania and spends all his free time there , his pictures look great . 
  hey we 're the ones holding the door open waiting for the uk to leave . 
  talk the talk , walk the walk or as john major said `` put up or shut up '' . 
  the billboard is after the vote to isolate yourselves . 
  we 'll take your brightest and best because we understand free movement is about human capital and leave you with corbyn as he tries to get north korea to open hammer factories in sunderland . 
  great britain is best britain !, 
  you voted to leave , we 're holding the door open but you 're the sulky fuckwit refusing to leave and blaming us for you feeling awkland . 
  scotland is trying to get you out the door so it can drop you off and then come back to the party later . 
  it 's does n't get more divisive that holding a referendum about who 's your friends . 
  suck on it . 
  blaming the eu for uk 's internal inequalities was pretty tasteless too . 
  they set the tune , now they can dance to it . 
  well once scotland goes then northern ireland 's next . 
  poor carney looked like he was talking to children after brexit , before he started he asked did anyone in the room believe that there was n't a negative market reaction to brexit . 
  the word is out , britain is a pushover . 
  well the uk is just going to have to rely on the kindness of strangers . 
  and chris evans gone from top gear too !, 
  even better news . 
  get paid by home country to get a job as a uk trade negotiator and then make deals that screw the uk in favour of home country !, 
  from my own personal experience with brits i 'd have to disagree . 
  although i 'm from another eu nation i 've been often told `` you 're one of us '' by which they meant white and able to speak english . 
  freedom of movement for the calais camp to move across the channel . 
  hang on , the refugee crisis and eu migrants are two different things . 
  i 've read of british people being told to go home to their own country after the brexit . 
  the biggest immigrant group in the uk is form india and india is not in the eu . 
  well the natural process of normalisation has been interrupted . 
  feelings on the bogside say that any border reinstatement would be torn down . 
  knowing people who grew up there during the troubles i have no delusions that tensions once inflamed wo n't just settle down again . 
  there 's a sense of endgame about ni that i have n't felt since the ceasefires . 
  this day next week the bonfires will be lit . 
  it will be interesting to see how passionate the unionists will be with the looming threat of scottish secession from their beloved union . 
  they love that union jack . 
  it makes more business sense for us to join schengen now that the uk is out and the good friday agreement is dead in the water . 
  if the uk placed any impediments on eu migrants , irelands eu membership would have to take precedence over pre-eu arrangements with the uk . 
  but british people ca n't vote in ireland like they can in the uk . 
  i doubt there 'll be much change but there may arise a post brexit desire to tidy up such loose arrangements . 
  i agree but just remember while the uk may observe the cta , ireland as the remaining eu member will have to send uk citizens down the non-eu lane . 
  the rights that irish citizens enjoy in the uk are n't reciprocated in ireland so it 's very much an arrangement that currently favours only ireland . 
  my brother reminded me earlier that back in the 80s a referendum on quebec independence in canada drove the montreal 's finance industry to more stable toronto . 
  it did n't pass but the threat of another vote in the future was too much to ignore . 
  i feel brexit may probably have happened in five years time anyway if it had n't passed . 
  but the uk stance is now in opposition with the eu . 
  it does n't matter if you voted remain the uk will still have no say in what the eu does in looking after the interests of its committed members . 
  well the uk went ahead with a brexit vote without consulting first with ireland about the possibility of it placing a border in ireland so do n't complain if that disregard is reciprocated . 
  they 'll even give a tow to the edge of uk waters . 
  we 'll help other uk bound migrants go via ireland too . 
  i 'm actually speechless . 
  the economic damage the uk has done to itself is far beyond the wildest ambitions of the ira during the troubles in northern ireland . 
  i can only shake my head in wonder . 
  why would they bother patrolling stopping uk destined migrants , letting them go to the uk means it 's not an eu problem anymore . 
  thanks uk . 
  we 're used to british terrorism , it 's annually celebrated on the 12th july . 
  the migration story is different to the uk in that we do n't have that commonwealth influx prior to eu migration . 
  the polish have integrated well here , many doing agricultural work that the native population have abandoned . 
  there 's been a lot of intermarriage and a lot of business tie-ups . 
  i guess maybe the similar agrarian culture made it an easier transition . 
  well the eu has imposed upon the negotiations that the four freedoms are not open to discussion to a exiting member . 
  as for agricultural products irelands dependency on the uk has been steadily diminishing , the opening of the chinese market for irish beef will more than outstrip any loss in uk demand . 
  free market access with the only non linked floating currency undermines the level playing field for everyone else . 
  that exemption has backfired spectacularly now as having become over reliant on being an eu finance centre it let go of production and now that working class vote chopped the legs from under london with brexit . 
  all i see in those maps are assert bubbles . 
  how about actual cash wealth and spending power ? 
  well whatever the uk imposes the eu can reciprocate . 
  the uk will not be allowed to be a passenger on the free market . 
  even thatcher would have agreed with that !, 
  last year i did n't think grexit could be topped for drama , brexit is on a whole new level . 
  more retirees and fewer wealth generating skilled workers ? 
  best of luck with that . 
  well they 're not alone for gullibility in the uk . 
  because brexit disrupts the good friday agreement !, 
  seriously look at a map . 
  the eu will just hire a ship and put all the brits in the costa del crime on it and send gladly send them home . 
  she has to play the narrative . 
  ultimately the uk is going to have to accept eu immigration if it want 's unrestrained eu trade but in the meantime she 'd be crazy to attack the brexit mandate . 
  it 's a tough gig but that 's politics . 
  ireland had home rule passed through the british parliament .
