  maybe it 's just bigger in some areas than others . 
  it is ireland and ireland is a republic . 
  calling it the republic of ireland is n't inaccurate although the pedants will be along soon . 
  you mean in transition . 
  the plantation stock are a problem alright but it 's not like they 've a mandate that they can sell , see their majority dissappear in ni !, 
  you 're on the map alright , look at iraq . 
  happy st georges day tomorrow !, 
  i 'm looking forward to visiting , hopefully next year . 
  yeah , wtf lithuanians are league leaders for death rate in ireland !, 
  it was the british parliament that fucked over ireland and still fucks over england , scotland , wales and ni today . 
  some of the best laughs i 've ever had have been with italians . 
   they were n't built up `` over centuries '' . 
  coal shipping from newcastle to london had been a regular activity since the mid 17th century so do n't be so dogmatic . 
  millions within the uk died under direct westminster rule . 
  and the dmz in korea is supposedly another massive nature haven . 
  i did not know that . 
  thank you . 
  i could only ever imagine such an audacious attack happening if argentina were under military rule and that looks unlikely at present . 
  i echo your sentiments . 
  the overriding feeling towards london seems to be betrayal . 
  while few champion a return to the pits what people do pine for is the certainty of intergenerational employment and the social bonds of community that built up around it . 
  it 's sad but i ca n't see any real solution and cruelly lying would be just another betrayal . 
  i 've only on a short term move to the north england for a couple of years for my wifes career and i was really struck by how much such industries dominated the area . 
  whilst i do n't agree with brexit i can understand why some communities felt they had nothing to lose by voting leave . 
  * byron said it best . 
  my country !, 
  city of the soul !, 
  the orphans of the heart must turn to thee , lone mother of dead empires !, 
  and control in their shut breasts their petty misery . 
  what are our woes and sufferance ? 
  come and see the cypress , hear the owl , and plod your way o'er steps of broken thrones and temples , ye !, 
  whose agonies are evils of day -- a world is at our feet as fragile as our clay . 
  national duty !, 
   i do n't really understand why people always start to protect them as if they are children . 
  do we protect the elevator operators , too ? 
  in england communities were built up over centuries around coalmines and it 's decline has meant a long slow death in many of these areas where there really was n't anything that could replace it . 
  i think at one stage in the 19th cen 50 % of the worlds coal came from english pits . 
  it 's demise was n't just an economic shock , it really was the death of many communities . 
  back then though health problems from coal smog was a serious issue . 
  i have my suspicion that arlene may be arnie . 
  so can we resume the `` eu/imf/euro is not helping but actually killing greece ? 
  this would have being a setback for the greek '' take back control '' campaign . 
  it might not have made official policy but if you listen to local radio up north getting steam trains back is not an uncommon opinion . 
  granted its mostly older generations expressing the view but they vote in greater numbers . 
  nah , it 's was a bullshit claim by a military dictatorship looking to distract the masses , not unlike how the tories blame the eu for all their failings . 
  well it is a scenario they prepare for . 
  shameless_bullshiter , i ca n't tell if you 're living up to your name or not !, 
  they 've armed the goats and sheep . 
  i believe the most discussed invasion scenario is a stealth attack whereby a passenger flight requests an emergency landing but it 's full of armed commandos . 
  hold my guinness !, 
  has n't corbyn got a plan to get steam trains going again and people working back down pits ? 
  official australian government response . 
   we certainly had significant economic consequences from britain 's entry into the european union . 
  what it made us realise is that we had to diversify , we could n't have all our eggs in the british basket , and so we sought out new markets from around the world . 
  we liberalised trade , we made our own economy more attractive , trying to bring foreign direct investment into australia , but it made us realise we needed to sell our goods and services around the world . 
  i think this will be a natural consequence of brexit . 
  i 've been here in dublin -- i 've seen the innovation , the creativity , the diversity and the skilled work force you have to offer . 
  you also have a very attractive corporate tax rate and i think the environment is here to attract more business , more investment and ireland is promoting itself as a great place to do business and to invest , and i know that australia is certainly looking at it in that light . 
  http://foreignminister.gov.au/transcripts/pages/2017/jb_tr_170224c.aspx?w=tb1cagpkpx%2fls0k%2bg9zkeg%3d%3d it thing you 'll see from that that australia 's eu connections are more important than its relationship with britain . 
  personally i do n't think it will be as bad economically on ireland as people think and certainly not as bad as the housing bubble bust . 
  brexit is an opportunity for poaching uk business . 
  the one fly in the ointment is the return of british fueled terrorism in northern ireland . 
   not according to what i have read . 
  well post them . 
   i 'm not sure the british taxpayer will extend itself to such charitable extravagances as sponsoring public works again though . 
  you mean indian corn while irish corn was being shipped from the quays ? 
  you obviously have n't read any of the links from australia and nz i 've posted . 
  i do n't know what your agenda is but the fact that you ignore my fact based rebuttals of your baseless assertions means there 's nothing to be learnt from this . 
  the uk used to account for over 90 % of irish trade but now only 14 % of irish exports and falling thanks to being within the largest trade bloc in the world . 
  in fact ireland stands to gain from the uk facing tariffs into this same market . 
  money talks , bullshit walks . 
  even if they 're using irish production half the year ? 
  the truth is if you read the link about nz agri producers they 're aiming for growing markets , not weakening markets like the uk . 
   yes . 
  those eu agricultural tariffs are viscous . 
  diary quota is gone so there 's no difference for where you buy your butter from but it will cost you more buying from either nz or ireland with a devalued sterling . 
   venison exporters have been hit in the pocket by a drop in the british pound . 
  in the six months to december 2016 , exports to the uk were worth $ 5.38 million - down from $ 5.84 m in the same period the year before , or a drop of nearly 8 percent . 
  the uk was a `` small and valuable market '' , he said . 
  however the economies of the main export markets - the us , germany and continental europe - were doing well , he said . 
  producers were expected to export about 13,500 tonnes of venison this year to all markets , though production has dipped as farmers increase breeding numbers . 
  mr moffat said the industry was fortunate not to face trade restrictions into the eu , and was not expecting that to change . 
  http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/country/326857/venison-exporters-hit-by-drop-in-british-pound will you be able to afford new zealand agricultural products ? 
  as it is big diary producers like frontera and glandia have productions ties ups as their herds and grass conditions are the same so even if you bought butter from nz they use irish supplies when their own production is low . 
  working together ireland and nz supply 40 % of the global baby formula market . 
  from my links that you are willfully ignoring . 
  how do you know ? 
  the schedule is that the divorce package has to concluded by march 2019 before eu-uk talks can even begin , by that stage australia has started eu talks and they wo n't be able to offer the uk anything until those talks are concluded . 
  if you read the links i posted you 'll see that to the australians an eu deal is multiple times more important than a sole uk deal . 
  the uk only makes up 13 % of what australia imports from the eu !, 
  the other 87 % of eu trade is far more important to them . 
  http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/import/aus/show/all/2014/ trade with the uk is a peripheral concern for australia , especially as the uk only takes 1.3 % of australian exports . 
  but the deal with canada only took 7 years and australia following the same framework will be quicker . 
   australia 's trade minister has told the uk that any post-brexit trade deal between the nations will have to wait for his country to complete parallel negotiations with the european union . 
  steven ciobo said it would most likely be at least two-and-a-half years before formal australia-uk talks could begin , as britain would have to complete its exit from the eu before this happened . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/sep/07/no-free-trade-deal-until-brexit-settled-australian-minister-steven-ciobo so you see , for australia talks with the uk are secondary to talks with the eu . 
  the aussies are keen to get eu talks started this year . 
   the federal government hopes to begin negotiations for a free trade agreement ( fta ) with the european union in the second half of this year , after finalising a key step needed to begin talks . 
  fta talks with eu hoped to start later this year australia 's biggest source of foreign investment comes from eu federal opposition says eu trade talks long overdue trade minister steven ciobo has finished a scoping study that sets out the boundaries for future talks . 
  so were their wages reduced by 30 % ?
