  the sooner leadership returns the better . 
  i 've traveled through area in north england that fit that picture , now it 's just going to be more evenly distributed . 
  it 's called social equality . 
  it will be interesting to see how this years 12th will go . 
  feel like buying a bill board advertisement along an orange order route advertising irish passports . 
   the uk was a broken country . 
  it 's a divided country really between north and south . 
   and yeah , there 's talk in scotland and ireland of secession back up pony , it 's been a hundred years since ireland declared its own brexit . 
  their banks are still off 30 % since thursday and if measured in euros their down nearby 40 % . 
  there is a clear divergence between home and international businesses on the lse . 
  ashes make good fertilizer for flower beds . 
  ryanair trolls everyone . 
  michael o'leary knows that mad news is better than no news . 
  maybe if england took up the gaa version they might have a shot internationally . 
  although the tory island under 12s would probably still beat them . 
  ryanair is a child of eu convergence . 
  depends on if the uk starts imposing departure taxes . 
  they promised blowjobs too !, 
  with the uk so out of practice negotiating such deals they 'll probably be a push over . 
  thatcher was another ira agent that we planted to bring the empire down from the inside . 
  she should have heard her mad irish accent but she changed it . 
   i hope the eu are n't going to support blatant separatism . 
  you did to ireland so suck it up . 
  any such deal would have to be reciprocated by the uk . 
  you 're the protege , the british empire was your master . 
  so how much do you charge to explain how to use an atm ? 
  yes but i 'll be very surprised if nothing is resolved by the end of october . 
  i like the reference at the end of point 6 about the young . 
  i would like if the young of the uk be given some options after their babyboomer pulled down the shutters to the eu . 
  i reckon if scotland leaves the uk and goes for full eu membership later then england will follow . 
  the problem with the uk is its settings , it was a union in opposition to europe and could never shake its confrontational stance . 
  a dissolution of that imperial union would allow an easier more cooperative relationship between england and its european cousins . 
  well done . 
  i 'm sure a smartie like you will get that job in the new hammer factory north korea will build after nissan leaves sunderland . 
  economically i do n't think the ira could have inflicted as much damage as the brits have done themselves . 
  yes but theres nothing else for the uk and eu to discuss until its triggered . 
  the eu will not allow the uk to dither as the business of its members takes precedence over an exiting member . 
  in the irish class system there 's two tiers , firstly normal people and secondly wankers from london who love telling everyone they 're the fucking shit and do n't remember what happened to canary wharf twenty years ago . 
  the polish where i live have really settled in well , very respected for hard honest work . 
  going along with a bunch to watch the game tomorrow night . 
  we used to get the immigrant abuse in the uk too and what 's worse is that the older generation of irish that went over in the 50s and 60s have taken on that british racism too . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  we 're not the ones getting rid of you . 
  you voted leave . 
  under article 50 there does n't actually have to be a negotiating period , the uk can simply suspend all eu treaties in its law . 
  so my question for you is why are you still here ? 
  brexit was a british vote , the eu did not ask for and has not power over . 
  under article 50 the eu has received from the uk notification of leaving . 
  it can only respect that request and has appointed staff to deal with the process already . 
  totally agree . 
  british politicians making the eu the scapegoat for all of the uk domestic inequalities has finally backfired on them . 
  the sooner they go the sooner they can return as a member committed to cooperation rather confrontation . 
  do n't know about the spelling question but on the welsh/english question they did share two things that predated any union with scotland and ireland . 
  both had been conquered by the romans and both had been united under one throne , i believe the tudor line came from wales . 
  the later scottish stuarts in the english could be a later version . 
  even the norman conquest in england and wales differed greatly from ireland . 
  the norman conquest of england had been swift as england was already united under one king , the wales conquest was harder because of the terrain but the irish incursion was bogged down by having to fight on all fronts against many little irish kingdoms . 
  the norman conquest in ireland so differed that the irish norman lords were forbidden by their king in england from intermarrying or speaking irish . 
  this was driven by the fear that the english were becoming more irish than the irish themselves . 
  i think the fact that they translated the bible into welsh , an adaptation of the henry viii church restructuring . 
  there had been an attempt to get irish scholars to work on an irish language bible but the english civil war disrupted this attempt . 
  the catholic confederation of kilkenny banned irish translations of the bible for fear protestantism take hold amongst the native irish . 
  the subsequent bloody conquest of cromwell saw catholic suppression which turned the native population against reformist ideas like vernacular bibles . 
  the vote , brexit . 
  or are you more comfortable talking about big brother ? 
  the people who turned up to vote leave . 
  that 's democracy in action , britain prides itself on its democratic position . 
  it was a simple in/out vote . 
  no one can say it was complicated , ambiguous or too technical like a treaty vote . 
  it does n't need clarification . 
  we in the eu did n't ask you to have a vote , this was your own creation , it was a promised by the government that the uk elected to power . 
  it 's not like you 're not allowed compete in european football although you do seem to be struggling there . 
  mostly the act of union that saw control of ireland move off the island was in reaction to events on the continent . 
  there 'd been a french revolution style revolt in 1798 which made the british view ireland as a back door for the french . 
  the government might have been against but the people were n't . 
  there 'll be civil war on the streets if they ignore the vote . 
  very few now but there is a revival in education through the irish language so the figure will probably rise in the coming decades . 
  is n't the danish currency tightly linked to the euro ? 
  the process can last years but it can begin tomorrow . 
  delay would give racists and xenophobes elsewhere in the eu the ammunition they seek . 
  it 's not `` kick them out '' . 
  it 's `` let 's not impede their departure '' . 
  we do not want to be accused of disrespecting their right to a speedy exit . 
  eurosceptics fought for article 50 , now they have it so why the dawdling ? 
  well the previous century under british rule saw our population halve . 
  after the war for freedom the next drop population was all the brits leaving . 
  since joining the eu population has been recovering . 
  it 's only been four full , most people are n't even fully aware of the consequences . 
  i think you 're in shock . 
  we 're shouting for you !, 
  reunification can only happen if northern ireland vote for it . 
  the uk was an eu member before the euro . 
  the uk got an opt out when it crashed out of the erm in 92 . 
  all new eu entrants have to commit to adopting the euro . 
  denmark also has an optout but it 's currency is linked to the euro , unlike sterling . 
  do you think england is incapable of surviving without scotland ? 
  but why would you deny scotland independence when you 'd want that for yourself . 
  but scotland does n't agree . 
  but not england . 
  why ca n't england do what the eu is doing now and let an unhappy member leave ?
