  farage for consort !, 
  tough act to follow . 
  x-factor could run a royal consort competition to find his replacement . 
  he 's 96 next month . 
  he 'll finally be able to go down pub for a quiet read of the sun , then pass some inappropriate racist comment at a bus stop , then pop into ladbrokes to place a gold sovereign on a greyhound , bag of chips and mushy peas at chip shop and then home to the trouble and strife . 
  that 's life !, 
  it was n't a confidential meeting . 
  it was merely an informal discussion about the real negotiations that have yet to begin . 
  then it 's closed doors time . 
  even if that 's the plan will government stand if she starts conceding ? 
  i can see a tory split and another election within two years if that happens . 
  even after the uk is gone from the eu the tories will still rely on it for a whipping boy and all that talk of sovereignty will just be whispers on the wind . 
  did you seriously believe corbyn had a chance before last weekend ? 
   and even more ironically : the stronger may 's position the more concessions she can make , the better for the eu . 
  what concessions ? 
  the best deal was membership . 
  the eu ca n't offer the uk concessions as then every non-eu member can demand the same . 
  the uk is on the way to third party , turkey will have greater access . 
   pitting british people against the eu . 
  is n't that the point of brexit ? 
  it 's not a leak . 
  i disagree . 
  brexit is britains baby . 
  it could walk away without paying a euro and embrace that wonderful global britain that 's promised . 
  just as well . 
  i knew they were bad but the version we get in ireland is far more careful , see the recent daily mail martin mcginnis front pages for ireland and britain . 
  the `` enemies of the people '' front page was possibly the most overtly seditious free press provocation against free society i 've ever seen with my own eyes . 
  the express headline `` british patients at risk from eu doctors '' was just one straight nationalistic provocation . 
  what is also interesting from this piece is their expansion into the middle east . 
  is there gta 2011 london edition ? 
  that seems to be the intent but she 's playing with fire to ignore the hardcore unionists , those marching seasons around the peace process were pretty intense . 
  i remember on the way from belfast to dublin being rerouted around the mourn mountains just to bypass all the roads blocked by burned out vehicles in unionist areas . 
  cyprus is nice . 
  ever been to north england ? 
  i knew you would n't let those in britain 's loving tender care ever starve . 
  meh , fianna fail will be back in to rape the economy again . 
  ah thanks , i 'm famished . 
  would you like some tea with your clotted cream and jam bun ? 
  [ strange , he did n't fear irish nationhood when it suited him . 
    this is a super huge issue here , a time bomb no politician wants to talk about . 
  it 's a common theme across all economies that have seen huge demographic changes in recent decades . 
  farage thinks that irish nationalism is bad but he likes it when it suits him . 
  take back control jingoism when you always had it is not democracy but nationalism . 
  [ the slimy cunt had no problem with irish nationalism when it suited his agenda . 
  ] ( http://www.skibbereeneagle.ie/web/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/irishvote.jpg ), 
   does the uk also get credit for tripling the population ? 
  what are you talking about . 
  every study shows that populations under constant threat of starvation produce more children for security . 
  britain created the genocidal policies of privation that created mass starvations in ireland and to top it off continued exporting food from ireland to britain whilst millions starved . 
   ireland 's top import partner is the uk the uk used to constitute over 80 % of irish trade , 2015 figures shows exports to the uk at only 13 % on a long term downward trend and much faster growth in eurozone and global trade . 
  brexit will only accelerate these trends . 
  right , crash out it is so . 
  irish population is still below 1840 level . 
  ironically english can become the working language as now there 's no cultural favouritism involved !, 
  no we do n't . 
  you 'd be mad not take advantage of this opportunity . 
  killed by an animal rights person i believe . 
  the eu does n't need brexit to be a success . 
  that 's the most likely outcome . 
  its neither the eu 's concern or responsibility for brexit being a success . 
  its not the eu 's fault the uk does n't have a brexit plan . 
  i think that 's the intention , to literally fuck off with no deal and save everyone time . 
  and halving the population of ireland when was part of the uk . 
  that 's a whole lot of hand thrashing there . 
  although the argis could have a point when sea beds are considered ... 
  i actually do n't think the argentinians have a claim but it 's great for winding you lot up !, 
  no please , you first . 
   british prime minister theresa may promised eu officials on tuesday that she would be `` a bloody difficult woman '' in divorce talks , after being criticized for underestimating the complexity of brexit talks and having `` illusions '' over a deal . 
  essentially confirming everyones conclusions after that meeting . 
  in fairness blussy british nationalism ca n't exist without other nationalisms being considered secondary . 
  so its a challenge . 
  the number one purpose is peace in europe . 
  obviously for the uk social stability is not a priority . 
  best of luck to them . 
  are you saying trading will stop entirely ? 
  jaysus , would you look at the time , i 've got make the dinner and not a baby washed in the house . 
  that a new one !, 
  careful , you 'll trigger all the british isles imperialists . 
  the biggest irony being his belligerence towards the eu has brought forward the prospect of his kultures demise . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  got a link to sate my curiosity ? 
  the cta is not even binding . 
  it 's not an agreement and is exists in differing degrees where ever it is supposedly relevant . 
  the rights of residency in eachothers nations has nothing to do with brexit so that a strawman . 
  the only bad faith is the uk brexit ministers like davis calling the border in ireland an internal uk border !, 
   for anyone looking for a united ireland , the deal between the uk and the eu is going to be pretty important . 
  the eu openly declared it unified support for the good friday agreement so the only threat to that process will come from the uk who 'd use it as you say as leverage . 
  ireland has had enough terse anglo-irish talks over the years to know that that is a distinct likelihood . 
  that is why ireland worked hard to make the good friday agreement a priority . 
  if the uk want to undermine the peace process then they 'll answer for it obviously . 
  british terrorism continued in the occupied zone . 
  unarmed uk citizens protesting for their rights were shot dead by their own government , that 's in my lifetime . 
  you care nothing for the border . 
  you do n't care that it was your government killing its own people . 
  ireland was never safe from british terrorism . 
   i do hope the irish officers staffing this border do n't find they have to , how did you so charmingly put it ... look over their shoulders ? 
  why would we ? 
  south armagh was the british soldiers graveyard . 
  you do n't seem very aware of the history of that border . 
  the difference now though is that as the uk wo n't be an eu member they 're not bound to the eu conventions on asylum .
