   quite the contrary . 
  jesus , at 10p flattery is cheap . 
  well the currency sinking wo n't be a problem now . 
  i think they 're doing exit then which is when they vote to leave the earth . 
  well aside from the eu , many in the uk do n't even see uk = europe . 
  there 's still many brits alive who remember an empire the sun never set on . 
  the archaeologist ian morris . 
  thanks for that . 
  the eu has been a huge help in the anglo-irish peace talks . 
  yeah , it was a big empire but it did n't last very long , did it ? 
  they sure did . 
  their great leader ghangis trump said `` we 're going to build a wall and we 're going to make the chinese pay for it . '', 
  for the apple faithful this may have been the moment that started questioning their beliefs . 
  there 's almost a jesus flipping the stalls in the temple quality about it . 
  but they ruled by the roman design which was identical from the sahara to the black sea to hadrians wall . 
  emperors would bump eachother off in succession but the empire would expand like an automaton until eventually the border became too stretched to sustain . 
  i know what you mean but from the roman histories i read the besiegers who camped out around the city laid waste the aqueducts and then in time they too became affected . 
  obviously there were undoubtedly many other pathogens involved in different stages but malaria was considered the ultimate nail in the coffin . 
  i also read that later in medieval times parts of it became popular as leper colonies . 
  anyway it 's been nearly 20 years since i read those histories and i can only offer the lasting impressions . 
  donald duck . 
  seriously wtf . 
  even though blight affected the potato crop in western europe , it was the uks policies of economic privation against ireland that ensured famine with over a million irish dying of starvation and the diseases of malutrition . 
  continuing the policies that created the famine , ireland was further depopulated . 
  a century after the famine ireland had a republic and half its population , and the present uk parliament is a continuance of that same administration that once ruled ireland over that century . 
  tony blair was the first pm to personally acknowledge the uk parliaments responsibility for the famine but there has still never been a parliamentary acknowledgement of its policies to reduce the irish nation . 
  germany faces its past , the uk has n't even begun . 
  like a ponzi scheme it had reached the limits . 
  there was no more easy new lands to plunder to keep the system pumped . 
  germans acknowledge their nazi past and learn from it , i suggest you do the same rather than invent historical fantasies to suit your personal deprivations . 
  the present government of the uk is a continuance of the same administration that administered the policies of privation that halved the population of ireland . 
  that factual in the same way as the holocaust . 
  from over a million to an estimated few tens of thousands , that 's pretty serious . 
  those who stayed probably lived amongst the ruins like many do amongst bagan or the khmer complexes . 
  the latter would make sense as it seemed that initially all they had to was load masonry on carts but later they did actually have to attack the structure . 
  she 'll stalling , eventually they 'll have to play iceland again . 
  when was that ? 
  that 's a very incorrect interposition ; egypt , tunisia , algeria , libya , france , england etc were n't foreign , they were roman territory . 
  chinas industrial activity as measured by similar metrics peaked around 1200ce . 
  i ca n't remember how it was measured but i 'm not sure if metallurgy was as vital to china as it was to rome . 
  edit . 
  i just remembered when measured in life expectancy rome had peaked in about 100ce , china peaked in 1200ce . 
  the destruction of the aqueducts and the rise in malaria in the now flooded marshes surrounding rome have been cited the main cause for mass exodus . 
  yes , that 's seems to be true . 
  from bore samples in greenland ice sheet it was found that the amount of iron smelt particles in the atmosphere peaked in 100ce and were n't matched again until around 1850 !, 
  paintings by cannaletto like [ this one ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/fe/d5/b4/fed5b4adca293ed64fd5d0588d93dbe4.jpg ) show what pre-italian unification rome looked like . 
  the arch is obviously submerged in centuries of earthen buildup and would n't be fully revealed until after archeaoligical reclamations . 
  as a side note the colusseum was supposedly mostly intact until it was plundered for stone to make the present st peters !, 
  but why should citizens have to give their taxes to a bank they dont have shares in ? 
  why should the bank bondholder come before the private person ? 
  far better for a bail in than a raid on general taxation . 
  i 've read before that it was actually a liberation just being away from germany and all the difficult memories of the war , the reconstruction and recriminations . 
  a lot of german folk culture had been subverted by the nazis but in ireland there was still a rural human simplicity that many desired . 
  so yes , while thousands of irish emigrated for opportunity some germans came in the other direction . 
  plenty of states without oil have adopted the euro . 
  it 's more about staying within agreed spending limits . 
  heinrieh boll was a german nobel prize winning author whose irish journal about his time living on achill greatly influenced german perceptions of ireland in the 70s . 
  in post war germany his work was called `` literature of the rubble '' and highly respected so in his irish journal readers were captivated by another europe that was innocent in its pre-industrialism and also was n't left in ruins after the war . 
  basic non-commercial agrarian farming society . 
  quite common in ireland until the early 20th century when in the west of the country farming communities would produce 70-80s of their own needs and trade the rest . 
  it was actually the arrival of the tractor that greatly diminished the need for these inter farms labour arrangements . 
  divide and conquer , it 's a british thing . 
  oh i have n't forgotten them and the snp should n't think the eu has forgotten their assertion before the independence vote that scotland would n't be adopting the euro !, 
  yeah , the troubles , another british gift . 
  that is an interesting conundrum . 
  also confusing is how in events like the olympics the gb is used instead of uk , two distinct groupings . 
   `` i am confident that we can get a deal that is exhilarating for this country , that is a massive opportunity and that liberates us to champion free trade round the world . 
  diarrhea can be exhilarating and liberating too !, 
   we are an odd country haha considering it 's a kingdom would n't the royal standard be the real flag ? 
  less so than the brits . 
   the irish raped and murdered more irish than the english ever did . 
  wow , just wow . 
  go on , in detail please . 
  we were still recovering from the occupier who through policies of privation had halved the islands population in the previous century . 
  what the nazis did was bad but to us the brits were worse . 
  you 're not correct there . 
  northern ireland had its own devolved parliament independent of britain after the free state came into being . 
  changing the union jack was actually meant to change to reflect this as northern ireland had a new flag and the old st patricks cross that 's part of the union jack was now defunct . 
  however the change was shelved when the costs were considered . 
  actually your flair is inaccurate by almost a century . 
  well maybe not 5yrs but converging trends does hasten the process . 
  i did say eu market . 
  rejection ? 
  exasperation more like . 
  the sooner it happens the better . 
  sounds like a bargain , why are n't you gone yet ? 
  swop free access to an eu market of 500,000,000 for an australian market of 22,000,000 . 
  met loads of brits ( or poms as aussies call them ) who moved to aus because britain had too many muslims and blacks . 
  i think economics is the last thing driving this . 
  actually yes it is . 
  they tend to face the same restrictions to the labour market as they impose on the eu citizens . 
   but why not look closer to home ? 
  there 's also plenty of former colonies much closer in africa with much bigger markets that we could increase trade with . 
  they have many countries to trade with too , getting access to the vastly larger eu market would be their priority . 
  however they do have a bargaining chip , they could prioritize trade with the uk over the eu in return for freedom of movement . 
  win win . 
  in fairness you can lose your license , get fined , and or go to jail if you 're brought to court for driving with reckless endangerment . 
  drink drinking driving will lose your license but again a court has to bar you . 
  yeah , he had a following in ireland too , his spanish train song was a popular pub song in the early 80s but people turned off him with all the lady in red muck . 
  no one in ireland would call him a rock artist .
