   however the biggest issue when it comes to tax avoidance are countries like ireland and here it is again . 
   however the biggest issue when it comes to tax avoidance are countries like ireland but one more time just so the meaning of your own words sink in . 
   however the biggest issue when it comes to tax avoidance are countries like ireland, 
   we 've only ever got involved to prevent europe from uniting against us . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  keeping europe divided was always in the uks self interest . 
  cyclical , but iran entering the global market after decades and china cooling down it 's capital expenditure phase , i ca n't see oil being sent back up to the price of recent years . 
  my take on is that england 's and then britain 's indentity was forged over hundreds of years of isolation from the continent . 
  the sea became their outlet and the markets of europe were replaced first by piracy , then colonies and concession ports . 
  it could be fair to say that the uk developed a continental mindset separate of europe 's , it 's main concern being its global trade empire . 
  it gave us the first true globalisation . 
  by being so long independent and master of the seas and global trade , the idea of conceding anything to former imperial rivals was always going to be difficult . 
  the uk feels itself as architect of european affairs and would rather retreat into isolation than compromise . 
  the constant euroskeptics refrain of the eu not working really means `` the eu does n't work for us like europe did in the past '' . 
  have you heard about all the layoffs up aberdeen way ? 
   however the biggest issue when it comes to tax avoidance are countries like ireland you said tax was avoided in ireland . 
   tax in ireland is n't avoided . 
  you said it was . 
  you shot your bolt mate . 
   however the biggest issue when it comes to tax avoidance are countries like ireland tax is n't avoided in ireland . 
  btw , westminster allowed northern ireland to align their corporate tax rate with the republic so look to your own government before bullshitting about others . 
  i bet that 's going to start happening all around ireland , there are loads of abandoned norman castles in various states of decay . 
  there 'd be a real impact on the remain vote if the italians learned to queue . 
   most importantly is tax avoidance . 
  if the eu was n't so determined to be an organisation that encourages a race to the bottom then it might be something worth staying in . 
  did n't cameron frustrate eu efforts to close down tax havens three years ago , we know why he was doing that now . 
  you can go back further . 
  third world means unaligned with neither east or western bloc countries . 
  ireland was an is still a third world country , turkey as a member of nato is n't . 
  you had no problems offloading your plantations in ireland voer hundreds of years . 
  kiss , kiss . 
  do n't forget the nice muslim man coming to teach you geography . 
   still hard to tell whether you 're plagiarising . 
  but i am . 
  for example i borrowed this response from a muslim refugee that i met on his way up to newry . 
  he 's so looking forward to bringing sharia law to britain . 
  absolutely , every word that i use has been used before . 
  i 'm am still chuckling that there 's a brit who cut off part of his own country without realising it !, 
  the poor ulster unionists would be very upset if they knew you 'd forgotten them !, 
  immigrants need only walk across that border into the uk of their own free will , no one has to move them . 
  no power needed . 
  well done . 
  now try looking at a map . 
  see if you can find the uk . 
  when/if you do , try running your finger along the uk land border you previously overlooked . 
  take your time , i know it 's hard . 
  they live in your head rent free . 
  there is a bliss to this that i just ca n't describe . 
  a brit who does n't know their own border !, 
  it 's hilarious !, 
  britain , master of the seas , an empire on which the sun never set , and now all that has reduced to this , its own people not knowing its own land . 
  keep it coming , i 'll just revel in the knowledge that no matter waht you say you still did n't know your own borders . 
  i 'm smiling right now . 
  thank you . 
  when you 've been caught out not knowing your borders of your own country the last resort is insults . 
  the truth is you need immigrants because they know your country better than you do . 
   well the uk could stop any immigrants crossing at border crossings , easily in fact , it would n't be long before you have a calais style camp on the irish side of the border . 
  you do n't have any memory of the border crossings , do you ? 
  brexit , the gift that keeps on giving . 
  we ca n't stop people wondering across into the uk . 
  build a wall if you want but as you know form the troubles that did n't work . 
  this is brilliant . 
  can you actually find the uk on an atlas ? 
  there 's refugees who know more about your border than you do !, 
  hey , i know the difference between silence and a response and i know more about the geography of your country than you do . 
  these are actually important things to know in life . 
  because we have to wind the brits up as much as possible . 
  yeah , no . 
  you 're good . 
  they wanted to go to you and we ca n't stop them you know , that would be inhumane . 
  at least i know northern ireland is in the uk which is more than you did you numpty . 
   response - a verbal or written answer . 
  not only do you need a map of the uk but you also need a dictionary . 
   and i saw the response you did n't make when i replied to your post about asylum seekers . 
  how can you see a response i did n't make ? 
  are you ok , do you need someone to ring for help ? 
  have you taken your meds today ? 
  they can have a referendum to leave anytime . 
  the uk is a half member , always was . 
  it 's historic relationship with europe since the reformation has been of isolation . 
  your former empire awaits your return , adieu . 
  yes , we in the eu will let them walk into the uk . 
  i saw the comment you changed . 
  learn the extent of your own country before lecturing anyone about the eu . 
  yeah because it 's a stupid exercise . 
  you do know the referendum is n't legally binding ? 
  brexit could happen , there 's tory heave , government collapses , labour take over with snp and guess what , brexit gets dismissed as a botched fob off only to appease euro skeptics in the tories . 
  look , if the uk wants to leave , then that 's it 's decision . 
   the problem is the eu forcing us to open our borders to islamists . 
  but you have your quota of islamic radicals . 
  anyway even if you do leave we 'll make sure you do n't miss out on your share but dumping them over the border into the uk . 
  well you 'll be better off in your own splendid isolation . 
  it 's easy , as all refugees want to go to the uk we 'll let them come through ireland and they can walk into the uk !, 
  we can dump them on you . 
  you 'll be outside the bloc . 
  yeah , can you imagine how painful it would be to have to listen to a tory government telling us they here to save the eu if brexit is defeated ? 
  na , keep your toffs . 
  hey , the brexit mob saw the eu is the problem and we 're responding . 
  but what we see today is not what they were then . 
  the eu is not your emigration problem , that 's your own doing .
