  however if you ever do come across it monteiths velvet stout is fabulous . 
  hard to find but i still dream about the pint of it i had on a wet night underneath mount cook in new zealand . 
  i 've been told a good few times by english friends in ireland that life on the dole here is infinitely better than returning to the working poor in the uk . 
  it used to be the other way around in the 80s !, 
  i think the last number i read for jobs bridge was about 6000 on the programme but that was for over a year ago . 
  i 'd imagine that number has decreased as unemployment falls . 
  ( do n't mention emigration , returned recently and have n't been stuck for work ), 
  relative values change al the time , the price of gold is only really useful as a fear gauge now whereas in the past it truly had a practical physical application . 
  euro zone countries are still rated individually , greece is a good 10 % ( i think ) above the bund . 
  that rate is reflective of the risk in buying greek bonds . 
  thank you . 
  sure why not , i 'll check in later when you 've got it all done . 
  thanks , will keep an eye for that . 
  also watch out for o'hara 's from carlow . 
  they 've a few stouts , the extra strong is pretty good . 
  they can have it , much more stout options around these days . 
  my favorite is dungarvan stout . 
  i know many a english man who lost their job in ireland after the property crash who told it was far better economically to stay rather than return to the uk to join the ranks of the working poor . 
  i 'll take their word for it . 
  company , asset , intellectual right , patent etc. ... 
  and what goes after arm has been exported ? 
  arm ? 
  that was just bought out for asset stripping ? 
  you 've lost me , i was positing that low density means services provided could never match whats available in high density areas . 
  its an electorate driven expectation that no politician could match . 
  transport and access such as hospitals , schools and basically all services that are part of modern urban life . 
  ireland really is car reliant . 
  when a persons only tool is a hammer then every problem starts looking like a nail . 
  indeed , ireland did brexit a century ago but it was the same economics that drove railroads that also drove its decline . 
  the irish republic has roughly the same population as the greater manchester area yet people expect city type services in every isolated community . 
  its just not feasible . 
  cyprus is middle east ? 
  anyway every other country on that list has suffered serious attacks in the last decade . 
  so bombings of civilians in iraq and syria do n't count ? 
  they joined one union for advantage , they 'll leave that union and join another for the same reason . 
  we 'll accept back what was taken against our democratic will . 
  iceland not in the eurozone , similar bank crisis but they did n't bail out their buddies . 
  the currency is a distraction for the coverup . 
  it had nothing to do with the currency and everything to do with fianna fail bailing out their banking backers . 
  my 7 year nephew told me what sweet things to avoid as his best friends father had got diabetes and could n't eat lots of things now . 
  if adults ca n't be good examples then they 'll just be horrible warnings . 
  seanie fitz too is coming up on trial . 
  but their military training helped them in their killing . 
  actually you made me laugh . 
  you forgot the lambeg drum !, 
  have n't a lot of the recent rampages in the usa involved ex-military , the dallas shooting is the most recent i can think of and the oklahoma bomber was a gulf war vet too . 
  good . 
  you cant reason with a baboon . 
  best to not distract them from brexiting . 
  that does n't hold up . 
  they 'd have bombed us the whole time for supplying food and labour . 
  occupy a country for centuries and then feel insulted when they fight back . 
  what 's the point of being perfectly prepared for the wars of the past ? 
  you should pull your troops out of germany in protest . 
  we ca n't claim brexit but we are impressed . 
  sail on sailors . 
  my grand father was an irish freedom fighter but to the british he was a terrorist . 
  well norway is free to join the eu and ez to make it better . 
  save the euro ? 
  the only purpose of money is the circulation of consumable goods and the euro provides a level playing field across nations with converging interests . 
  if you take advantage of this level playing field then the euro works for you . 
  it 's not the currency 's fault if ratings agencies clumped all ez countries as one , that was reckless and now they 've gone back to rating nations like greece on their individual performance . 
  on a common borders defense i do believe there 's more work to be done although i do not believe there has to be a federal solution . 
  a common protocol across nations perhaps that 's supported by council . 
  such numeracy skills only verify the underlying problem . 
  the uk is not in the euro and there 's been a undisputed upsurge in racist incidents recorded there since the vote to leave the eu . 
  so does that mean sterling makes people more racist ? 
  cheese in a spray can . 
  so basically trump has a stringy cheese combover . 
  thanks for the clarifying that . 
  was n't he sent down the insane route because if it were murder he 'd get out after a mandatory term ? 
   come on though , we all know and expect that not when you come from outside the uk . 
  from the outside it 's plain terrorism , but it you had a memory of the troubles in the north you 'd remember the british shoot to kill policies , army collusion with unionist terrorist forces etc. 
  well they 're all on euro convergence paths so they 're not unrelated . 
  the greek crisis is not the same as the irish crisis yet they 've both been called a euro crisis which completely overlooks the causes . 
  well ireland exited its bailout already . 
  even though greece has been an a member since the 70s its seen every former eastern bloc state pass it by . 
  greece 's problems are n't with the eu . 
  you 're right , i think something like $ .9 bought a $ . 
  yet the uk media wo n't call jo cox 's killer a terrorist even though he declared `` death to traitors , freedom for britain '' in court !, 
  well the ulster unionists celebrate not being irish in ireland on an annual basis . 
  how has purchasing power fared over the same period ? 
  english may be commonly spoken in the uk but the accents somewhat undo that advantage . 
  a greek lad married into the head of state !, 
  lots of advertising masquerading as information makes up the indo . 
  well in japan pensioner crime has become a thing , as much for company as for care . 
  yes , all those people from india with british ancestry . 
  yes , that 's why the largest migrant group in the in the uk is not from the eu !, 
  plus currency depreciation meant inflation reduced purchasing power even if wages in nominal terms did n't fall . 
  the old saying goes `` inflation is theft by the king '' . 
  well the private pension industry is essentially an extraneous cog to society , an added option from a time when western economies led global economics . 
  now they lobby governments for their own survival in a post crash environment , trying to butcher the remaining market in the name of posting investment returns . 
  their war chest is funded by the very people whose social services are being carved up for these reportable profits . 
  its all rather sad really . 
  indeed , in slow inflation environment its harder to get people to move out of the security of cash but even the rush to bonds creates its own imbalances . 
  either way financial literacy is improving . 
  rating agencies and pensions are symbiotically entwined , the more people lose faith in ratings agencies the more they 'll manage their own pensions and fund managers do n't like that . 
  this seems to be more about the uk than the eu . 
  the member with the loosest relationship votes to leave voluntary union , end of story . 
  it does n't change the fact that england/wales prefer to make their deals .
