  you mean like the brits promised the loyalists their own segregationist apartheid statelet after they 'd armed themselves from germany against the democratic support for home rule ? 
   well a total war situation definitly is a reason they did n't want a neutral ireland as seen during ww2 ( arguably irelands worst hour ) . 
  could you explain this ? 
  there was no reason to suspend home rule . 
  it was a betrayal , especially as the brits did nothing to counter the terrorists shipping in guns from germany . 
  after the genocidal 19th cent ireland had rightly zero reason to trust the brits after home rules suspension . 
  we 're not the ones creating the confrontation . 
  the home rule was 1914 . 
  the brits sided with the terrorists against home rule . 
   why is n't the eu a bit stricter about these stuff ? 
  wasting money . 
  in some areas where there 's little that can be done to create sustainable enterprise you still have keep people content . 
  to ignore these areas is to risk a backlash towards protest politics , not unlike the brexit vote that was predominantly for leave in areas that had n't recovered from industrial decline but where there was still a large voting populace . 
  it 's not ideal but that 's that 's what it is , social stability . 
  brexit has already got a few polish people killed . 
   if the uk is out of the european single market , scotland would have to leave the uk single market . 
  so what ? 
  iceland is in both schengen and eea and geography has n't been a hinderance . 
  well fianna fail apologists , like the tories , like using the eu to cover up their treachery but their republican instincts still get twitchy whenever the brits condescend to tell ireland what 's best for us . 
  home rule was passed in westminster in 1914 but suspended . 
  the uvf terrorists brought the gun into irish politics with the larne gun run from germany . 
  britain sided with the terrorists against the democratic will of the irish people . 
  the method of census at the time was n't precise and many marginal areas in the west were n't counted so 8.200.000 is thought of as an underestimate . 
  this x 1.000, 
  it 's either fuck or freeze !, 
  nah , atitudes in ireland are already hardening against the uk , even the most insular healy rae gombeenist instinct can smell blood in the water and they capitalise on the uks loss . 
  it 's the uk that 's raising its own barriers with brexit . 
  britain is in denial about it genocide in ireland . 
  lets have dual at dawn with frozen mackerel as our weapons !, 
   also the fact they were trying to forcibly unify ni against the will of the majority . 
  after forcefully partitioning the island after the majority democratic vote for home rule government . 
  there was resistance from both the uk and france against german reunification but ireland who hosted the presidency put it on top of the agenda . 
  that 's kinda of what 's being hoped for in the brexit negotiations , that the border concerns be prioritised . 
  and james 4th of scotland was james the 1st of england . 
  and james 4th of scotland was james the 1st of england . 
  reunification is not assured , it 's an avenue under the gfa so what 's being sought now is more assurance that come a possible border vote that the eu will be supportive of the process . 
  the eu as a third party sponsor was vital for the peace process but the conditions on the ground will be altered by brexit with a new eu/uk border to contend with . 
  it 's not unreasonable to ask for support from fellow members to keep disruption to the gfa to a minimum while at the same time protecting irelands eu border . 
  thursday night titbit ? 
  you are correct but right now the good friday agreement exists as an internal eu arrangement whereby reunification would have been seamless . 
  now with the uk leaving a new assurance has to be sought from the remaining members to support a reunification in the future . 
  it would be presumptive to do otherwise . 
  the queen is elizabeth the 2nd of england but elizabeth the 1st of scotland !, 
  they did ' t amend the union jack either to take st patricks cross off it . 
  northern irelands flag did n't use it so it was defunct . 
   do n't the treaties apply to the republic of ireland ? 
  but not to northern ireland after brexit . 
   they will need to reinvest in political capital tho which is a pain but i guess they have the money  you missed how eagerly the irish government of the day bailed out the entire banking sector in 08 only which in the end bankrupted the country in 2010 !, 
  been there , done that !, 
  that 's better , let it flow . 
  let me get you some icecream from iceland . 
  that 's will make your tummy all better . 
  there , there , let it out . 
  it 's alright to cry . 
  well the thing is i 'm not the source . 
  these were internal uk affairs and you 'd have to actually apply yourself and give time to the saville inquiry for instance . 
  plus new testimonies are being offered all the time from british army who served there , the most recent being about the use of water boarding and electricution to coerce confessions . 
  also important to note are the dublin and monaghan bombings . 
  i 'm sure a couple more minutes googling will confirm all your biases . 
  it 's ok , you 're safe here . 
  just put down the knife and you can talk it out . 
   to be fair i only spent a few minutes googling it , i learned how to make an origami party hat after a few minutes googling ... totes equivalent !, 
  you obviously under estimate the clotted cream and jam trade that britain has with the colonies . 
  but may has a plan !, 
   choosing not to live in the same house as them does n't mean you dislike them . 
  the man standing alone in the desert is sovereign . 
  but think of all that karma !!!!, 
  he also said the uk was the bestest country in the world and that he 'd donate five whole pounds to some honourable charity for heros etc. ... 
  ever been to northern ireland before ? 
  the british funded the uvf death squads and when needed to suppress civil rights marches the british army could be relied upon to shoot unarmed uk citizens . 
  ok , put down the kitchen knife , we can talk about this !, 
  we are the eu . 
  it is n't either or . 
  enjoy your bendy bananas . 
  no , cents . 
  we use euros . 
  i understand his veneration in england , it was a civil war after all but i 'm sure you can appreciate that dispossessing irish of their lands to fund english soldiers pay did n't make him any friends across the sea . 
  now why would we be bitter about uk businesses registering in ireland ? 
  i think centuries of asset stripping more than covered that . 
  repeat after me , they have n't moved , they 've registered . 
  i know its a comprehension struggle for you but in your defence the uk education system has been underfunded for years . 
  ask a polish person to help you . 
  that 's your twisted interpretation . 
  i 'll space it out for you . 
  businesses . 
  registered . 
  in ireland . 
  since . 
  the . 
  vote . 
  now ask a guardian for some crayons and paper and print that out . 
  lol !, 
  nice burn . 
   its not like 100.000 companies have actually moved . 
  you 're a bit slow today . 
  no one had said they had . 
  100.000 companies based in the uk have registered their businesses in ireland since the vote according to your own parliamentary reports . 
  and brexit has n't happened yet !, 
  you can stop pretending that your government did n't sustain genocidal policies in ireland and actually accentuate them in 1848 . 
  force a religion on people .
