  are you trying to say the british government could n't provide famine relief in ireland even though it collected taxes , rents and imported corn from there ? 
  poor misunderstood empire . 
  burn the catholic guy fawkes . 
  that 's fucking ridiculous . 
  irish starved to death while irish corn left irish ports under the british empire . 
  why would n't i. 
  proceeding with a brexit vote without consulting with ireland about the potential consequences on the island is just sheer arrogance . 
  if the troubles blow up again after the establishment of a eu/uk border on the island of ireland the uk will be entirely to blame if bombs start going off again and the border county economy collapses . 
  the vote was brought forth without any provision for its impact on the good friday agreement which concluded the troubles . 
  they ca n't even get that right . 
  programmes like my big fat gypsy wedding features irish travelers who are n't gypsy or roma !, 
  ca n't see india doing that . 
  india adapts only as it suits the national interest . 
  they run a strong protectionist policy whereas china has opened up to external markets to boost domestic growth . 
  asian tigers ? 
  we 've had them already , now we 're onto asian giants . 
  the british empire grew at china 's expense so i guess its swings and roundabouts . 
  i always associate leaks with wales , its on their coins i think . 
  you unionist in northern ireland still burn pope effigies around the 12th, 
  to borrow a nk slogan , great britain is best britain !, 
  yes , probably just as well to ditch that old sectarian festival . 
  so are guy fawkes and halloween marked separately in the uk ? 
  i thought extremism , intolerance and inequality were all fundamental part of british life . 
  think of the class system and sectarianism . 
  but i bet you know guy fawkes night is british yet it replaced halloween !, 
  you 've probably beaten the average chav by a country mile . 
  yeah , i got 85 % . 
  my gaa brain had to think for a minute when they mentioned football , did n't they mean soccer ? 
  national flower of wales , wtf !, 
  i was expecting something a bit bigger for a flagship , especially as yugoslavia once had soviet backing . 
  but having the uk as an eu member uncommitted to joining the euro undermines the block . 
  it tells others opt outs are always available . 
  that 's why i say it 's shit or get off the pot for the uk . 
   the uk is a full eu member , what it is n't is a eurozone member , not the same thing . 
  all new members have to adopt the euro . 
  the uk by the current membership definition is a half member . 
  could n't we just do a 2 for 1 and just fob them out of the eu . 
  i mean the uk is only an half member anyway and greece is just too volatile . 
  well at least it will buy time until brexit is over . 
  then once the uk leaves greece can be fobbed off on them . 
  did n't the greeks once vote to have the british monarchy as their head of state ? 
  how much does a person want to fit in ? 
  for example i was working in australia for a few years and aside from the odd stereotype joke about ireland i was never made feel like an outsider . 
  but i was on the same work visa as other asian colleagues and i identified more with them as fellow immigrants than i did with the white australians with whom i shared a common ancestry . 
  i knew that if i stayed in australia that i 'd never become australian , not because i would n't be accepted but because i did n't feel akin to the culture , even with a common anglo-celt ethnicity . 
  i felt more in common with the aboriginal society which was rooted in the land than i did with the transplanted european culture . 
   the cta border protection and customs union operate as separate layers with the eu link laid over the top and the uk wo n't be in the eu and ireland will then become an eu frontier with a new customs border through which uk imports and labour will have to transit . 
  now i can imagine we 'll easily retain the free travel aspect of the cta but that 's it . 
  the uk can decide to continue respecting the cta by allowing irish citizens full access but ireland will be still in the eu common market . 
  with the cta superceded by a new uk/eu border it makes more sense for ireland to join schengen in the future . 
  from what i 've seen of the main uk channels it 's not that there 's a coverage bias for either side but it 's just that rediculous comments get more coverage and the leave campaign has come out with some real clangers in the last few weeks . 
  it seems the more attention the leave campaign garners the stronger the remain vote gets . 
  under the terms of the good friday agreement , northern ireland is allowed self determination free of london and dublin . 
  we in the republic relinquished out constitutional claim on northern ireland and would be happy for greater economic cooperation that would benefit citizens on both sides of the border . 
  however the threat of brexit would undermine that economic progress as a new eu/uk customs border would be established which would undermine the progress and would make ni more dependent on the uk market again . 
  leaving the eu would mean ni loses eu funding and the english taxpayer is n't really that bothered about non mainland uk . 
  the cta would still work but all it would mean is visa free travel from then on . 
  if eu citizens face restrictions to the uk job and educational market then those restrictions will be reciprocated . 
  under the cta you 'd be still be able to travel to ireland but you 'll have the same restrictions to work , education and access to public services as all other non-eu nationals . 
  all treaties , including the one covering the cta will have to be renegotiated if the uk leaves the eu . 
  ireland will not leave the eu for the uks sake . 
  our trade with the uk has declined from 80 % to under 30 % since our access to the common market and we 're geared towards expanding into the global market . 
  logistically the uk is our nearest market but it no longer dominates . 
  north european isles would be an acceptable geographical term . 
  ireland is not british . 
   that would n't be in the interests of the federalists if they want popular support . 
  the uk will be entirely to blame for reigniting the troubles in northern ireland . 
  they announced brexit without making arrangements for maintaining the good friday agreement . 
  the uk will not be able to dictate terms to either ireland or the eu on this matter . 
  the uk can only come to compromise at best . 
  you keep missing that ireland will be in the eu and the uk wo n't , all preexisting agreements will be superceded . 
  ireland will be entirely decoupled from all pre eu arrangements . 
  half ? 
  only a few counties out of 32 voted against home rule . 
  because ireland will remain in the eu , the cta will be superseded by bloc rules . 
  the uk may wish to operate the cta as if it still works but in practice uk residents access to the irish labour market will be constrained by whatever deal london can get out of the eu . 
  it is ideal really as unionists will be forced to take republic citizenship if they want unrestricted access to the eu job market . 
   i do n't give a shit if it 's offensive neither did the british invaders who sought to destroy the irish identity . 
  no it is not . 
  it was term used since by a coveting force to extirpate the irish identity . 
  promulgating the term is highly offensive and if you were to force the matter within ireland you 'd be left in no doubt that ireland is not british and only the occupying force in ireland was british . 
  do you have anything to add ? 
  by who 's definition ? 
   can you imagine the british isles reverting to pre-industrial era economies and societies overnight ? 
  i do n't know , i 'm not form the british isles . 
  well this time i 'll be watching out for a good deal . 
  i had a five star hotel for 70 % off with a $ 60 flight to crete lined up last year , but then an agreement was reached and prices shot up again !, 
  greece has guest workers now working in the agri sector . 
  it 's just they consider that kind of work beneath them . 
  dublin and monaghan too . 
  mass displacement did n't happen until the mid 19th century , post famine . 
  no doubt there will be an impact on ireland but our trade with the uk has gone 80 % to under 30 % under eu membership . 
  we 've endured and survived economic suppression under british rule so our longterm focus has already been to increase our trade away from the uk . 
  brexit will only spur us to replace uk trade with less volatile options . 
  yes but the customs border would be new . 
  we may be free to travel under the cta but if britain puts restrictions on eu access to its job market then ireland would have to reciprocate by restricting uk citizens from the it job market . 
  stags and hens will still be visa free but you 'll still have to queue in the non-eu isle at passport control . 
  and you see how slow that can be . 
  soon great britain will be best britain !, 
  the dup are actually pro-brexit !,
