  regional australia can be very macho , honesty is about as polite as some people get and what they 're honest about might n't be what you want to hear . 
  i never did get used to `` you 're not a bad cunt '' being an actually term of friendship . 
  [ you 'll enjoy this !, 
  ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/australia+labeled+by+a+brit+source+imgur_62724c_4864626.jpg ), 
  i think in the early days of film with sound the american studios settled for a sort of softened mid atlantic accent , think gary cooper . 
  i was in regional australia which is n't indicative of the whole nation . 
  i met some really good people there but their rednecks could be as blunt as bricks . 
  watch the movie wolf creek , that 's roughly the kind of environment i was in . 
  i did n't even have to play any stereo types in the us in the late 80s and early 90s as i was actually getting drinks paid for me the whole time by people whose perception of ireland was based entirely by what they saw on the evening news which very often failed to make any distinction between northern ireland and the republic . 
  i 'd have people tell how hard it must be growing up with tanks outside my house etc. . . when i was leaving there were even guys giving me money `` for the cause '' . 
  i never corrected their presumptions nor did i encourage them . 
  well in fairness the whole mislabeling of ireland as a `` british isle '' originates in the 16th century plantations of ireland . 
  it 's purpose was to extirpate the irish identity . 
  it 's continued use is indefensible amongst between friendly nations . 
  true story . 
  had to ring hp helpline about a printer fault . 
  got put through to customer service somewhere in regional england , her accent was so severe i could barely understand what she was saying . 
  she told me she was somewhere north before putting me through to another colleague . 
  this guy was perfectly understandable . 
  had the fault fixed over the phone in a few minutes . 
  he was based in the netherlands !, 
  i think the basic lesson is that some native speakers talk rapidly while 2nd language english speakers are conscious of being understood . 
  is that be the way it be now ? 
  the odd comment like `` you irish like to drink '' to which i reply `` you offering ? 
  '' , which usually shuts them up . 
  personally i like to play on stereo types , when i was working in australia i 'd have the odd smart-arse say something like `` another potato failure paddy '' to which i used to reply `` no , i 'm just here for another year , then my sentence is up and i get to go home '' . 
  that shuts them right up !, 
  actually in the early irish annals wales was referred to as little britain !, 
  i think sweden switched in the 50s , burma changed in the 80s . 
  it was fucking scary being the passenger when the burmese taxi driver asked me if it was clear to overtake !, 
  if you hold euros in greece you 'll want to hold on to them because once reestablished the drachma will lose value instantly to deflate domestic debt , giving all greek debtors instant relief . 
  however vital imports will rise as the drachma devalues . 
  before the euro greek businesses hoarded german currency for future purchases as a hedge against their drachma profits being eroded by devaluation . 
  the real question is will returning to the drachma make their domestic imbalances disappear ? 
   surely you can avoid the modern anti-counterfeiting measures since the money is going to depreciate quickly anyways . 
  this tends to happen in countries where debts need to be destroyed and savers are a minority . 
  where savers are the majority then you can actually get deflation where cash actual increases in value by merely existing . 
  i agree , we made the transition a decade ago . 
  it 's weird driving into occupied ireland and having to think in mph again . 
  home rule was passed in westminster but it was the ulster unionists who bought guns from the germans to resist this act of democratic parliament . 
  who are your fascists now ? 
  get out of ireland entirely and then i 'll take you seriously . 
  triple fuck off then you twat . 
  again fuck off . 
  wow , you really smacked down that argument . 
  now fuck off . 
  if there a customs border created in ireland by brexit then i wo n't be surprised if it kicks off the troubles again , the last crescendo of which was the manchester and canary wharf bombings . 
   very few european wars has been about trade disputes or economic supremacy . 
  really ? 
  were n't all the wars prior to benelux about competition for resources , the scramble for africa etc ? 
  there will have to be a uk/eu customs border unless the uk agree to allow ni tax rates harmonize with the republic and agree to police the customs border at the ports to britain . 
  the introduction of a physical customs border will definitely have broader political impact . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  if border controls come in again the troubles in northern ireland could kick off again . 
  in mainland uk the last crescendo of that conflict was the canary wharf and manchester bombings . 
  the eu is not a democracy . 
  it an amalgam of democratic states with converging interests . 
  i do n't want a democratic europe as that would mean a federal entity . 
  all i want is what we have , arrangements whereby we share resources and oversight . 
  maybe it was an `` intervention '' like in the northern territories . 
  well at least in the eu members can leave by democratic vote like the uk is considering . 
  is there the same facility for the kurds to secede from turkey ? 
  i agree with but even across the eu there still is n't full standardisation for what is unemployment . 
  we have a similar problem in ireland . 
  there 's this crowd that refuse to integrate , they practice an imported religious culture and attack locals . 
  when their annual rituals culminate on the 12th july whole neighbourhoods become no go areas for irish people . 
  well i know plenty of cultural muslims and cultural catholics . 
  however i also know fundamentalist protestants who think all catholics are going to hell . 
  so now all muslims are fundamentalists ? 
  do you actually personal know any muslims ? 
  and if you do have they tried to impose their religion on you ? 
   yet do they want to deny anyone some rights , like muslims do that 's a blanket statement right there !, 
  while you 're at it i suppose you think all catholics want to ban contraception . 
  are you saying all muslims want to deny everyone else rights ? 
  all i know is that it 's a british administration that keep people segregated by religion in northern ireland . 
  i 've met plenty of brits in spain who despise spanish culture and happily live out of english pubs and shops there . 
  throw them out !, 
  hey they think we 're being inclusive !, 
  irish had been predominant outside the pale , towns , and parts of ulster . 
  google post famine decline of irish language , plenty of links there . 
  actually a lot of the irish who arrived in the usa fleeing the famine did n't have english . 
   they have thousands of years of divergent history . 
  yes , when peace was the exception to the rule . 
  now we have former rivals with converging interests . 
  the rhetoric of the brexit is one of confrontation , not cooperation . 
  in the spirit of democracy i think there should be an eu vote that ends uk exemptions . 
  full membership or nothing . 
  ironically neo-nazis in australia tend to be second generation of the generation that got racist abuse when they arrived . 
  things change . 
  i switched funds to cash two years ago when living in australia , stocks took a pounding so i was actually up considering deflation was all around me . 
  same thing happened in ireland post 2008 . 
   to stop the confusion next time just go to a bank and ask them to change them to more common used notes oh how convenient . 
  `` sorry luv , you ca n't spend that here , you have to go to the bank . '', 
  `` but its legal tender and it 's saturday night and i do n't hav any other cash on me ! '', 
  does n't happen in the eurozone . 
  maybe someday the uk will get out of its empire token system . 
  you 'd swear butter rations had just ended . 
  i think i read a piece in r/economics recently stating that the percentage of people investing in stocks has consistently shrunk since 2008 . 
  in a low inflationary environment cash can be viewed as the least risky choice . 
  great britain is best britain !,
