  down to the numbers , it makes more sense to access a trade bloc of half a billion than be restricted to just the uk . 
  as for the argument that uk outside the eu would be better for trade then it has to be noted that germany has a much greater trade than the uk with both the usa and china form within the eurozone !, 
  well there are cross border power sharing agreements in place and they certainly could be enhanced . 
  it could be a real boon for the republic in the eu to have a cheaper workforce just a car ride away in a non eu country . 
  there could be great opportunities ahead for both north and south . 
  yes . 
  there 's a strong jamaican community in the uk since the days of empire . 
  the point stands though , leaving the eu does not solve home grown terrorism . 
  if anything global jihadi will claim that it frightened the uk into isolation from the eu and may be more emboldened to concentrate its efforts in the uk . 
  the uk leaving the eu wo n't change their current passport control as they 're non shengen so being able to pool intelligence more effectively should be their real priority . 
  home grown terrorist threats are actually more serious as they can act as an anchor for outside parties to join up with . 
   terrorist threat on europe , the london bombers a decade ago were home grown . 
  the uk ca n't blame eu for that . 
  oil being low is more reason for having direct access to a market of half a billion people rather than been stuck with a lesser union of under 70 million . 
  first scotland leaves , then wales although the loyalists in northern ireland will keep the bonfires burning . 
   it is seriously going to fuck with the uk 's relationship with ireland . 
  countries that feel the need to ` punish ' the uk over leaving the eu who could delay trade agreements are going to be fuck us ( yes , i 'm irish living in the uk ) over , due to our extensive agreements . 
  our largest trading partner ( or definitely one of the biggest ) is going to tariff our goods and i heavily doubt the eu is going to special case us in that situation . 
  actually 28 % of our trade is with the uk , a huge decrease form when it was over 60 % two decades ago . 
  as it stands we are the only eurozone country that trades more outside the euro so while the uk trade might take a hit our general trend is in growing other global markets , especially in asia . 
  it 's the free movement i 'd be most concerned about , if the uk goes full retard and forces a dissolution of the common travel area then we 'll have to role in with shengen . 
  however like the danes there 's nothing stoping use retaining passport control . 
  regarding the border it might actually lead to the creation of a special economic zone , the uks loss could be nis gain . 
  as it stands ni corporate rate is closer to the republic than to britain . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  meh , it will be forgotten about pretty quickly . 
  so the uk might end up with the same outside the tent status as norway but on the ground not much will appear to have changed . 
  the biggest threat to the status quo will be future eu banking regulation which a departed uk will have no say in formulation . 
  for this reason i was really surprised by boris johnsons stance , hardly the bankers friend . 
  well there 's already uk businesses seeking refuge here so no worries . 
   but please tell me what the fuck isis has to do with the influx of refugees from pakistan or nigeria . 
  hey , that 's been going on since they were british colonies . 
  hey , it 's about perception . 
  you think the union is a country , i do n't think it is . 
  any state is free to leave to the union at any time . 
  greece was shown the door last year and this year the uk might actually walk through it . 
  just close it after you . 
  better run away then , get away from nasty mean europe . 
  dads army is meant to be a fun movie . 
  well they 're not the roscommon under 18s b-team !, 
  i suppose they 're the regional incarnation of the usual god warriors funded out of saudi arabia . 
  isis spread across the border into syria from their iraqi strongholds . 
  most of their transport are american machinery that they took from the us back iraqi army . 
  wow , i agree with something trump said . 
  i need to lie down . 
  if it exist in your imagination then thats all that 's important . 
  you better leave the eu just in case . 
  good luck and close the door behind you . 
  i 'm pro-eu and oppose federalisation and its the reason why i prefer the uk to leave . 
  cameron is arrogantly dictating to a voluntary union which has only the power to humour him . 
  i have no problem with the uk having the same status and access to the eu as norway . 
  i live in another eu state and i have never met an eu enforcer . 
  however national governments do enforce agreed eu legislation . 
  you really should just leave the eu . 
  the eu is not a government . 
  close the door behind you on the way out . 
  what was that old british saying , `` war with france is traditional but war with paris ? 
  never ! '', 
  fine , good luck so . 
  enjoy butlins . 
  actually increased clarity would only benefit the euro , greece hardly dented it yet the prospect of a brexit is sapping the pound . 
   only one of which i care about . 
  no point in discussing anything further so . 
  it 's a commitment and the uk just wants friends with benefits . 
  thats gets tired after a while . 
  yeah , power sharing is so unbritish . 
  my imperialist comments were inspired by the leader of the uk largest party by popular vote wanting ireland back in the commonwealth . 
  it 's actually in my material interest for the uk to leave . 
  business wise the uks own goal will be a huge boost for us . 
  germany is probably the uks greatest ally in the eu but is too busy watching prince harry flying spitfires to appreciate this . 
  if it 's any consolation greece will probably soon move everyone up a notch . 
  i think the uk should leave the eu , no point in being a half member and pretending to really care . 
  the us got overrun in libya too . 
   no wonder we do n't want europeans to vote . 
  so you 're anti democratic ? 
  you just ca n't resist that imperial impulse . 
  the vapors of domination must still intoxicate . 
  well the uk seems to want to dominate whereas the union is a collective effort . 
  it 's typical of a bully to have this kind of tantrum and if the uk does leave ultimately the union continues on . 
  it 's actually a strength of the union that a member is respected if it wants to leave . 
  the uk just missing being the centre of an empire and has n't got time for all this committee type power sharing so letting them go is actually doing them and us a favour . 
  what are you talking about , it 's the uk who 's having a vote to leave . 
  i might actually be moving to the uk for a short time with work and if i get registered to vote i 'll be sending the uk packing . 
  cameron is attacking the status quo . 
  this vote is entirely for uk domestic politics and cameron facing down dissent in tory ranks . 
  nothing he says he has come away form brussels with is anything other than notional . 
  i hope the uk leave , good luck and close the door behind you . 
  the deal cameron says he got means the uk will have no part of any further cooperation so the uk staying in or leaving makes zero difference . 
  the uk is effectively a zombie member of the union now . 
  goodbye britain , thanks for the great music but your politics and media were dismal . 
  close the door behind you . 
  for me the eu is better off without the uk . 
  why shoulder half members ? 
  ok , this time i 'm not going to miss out on cheap flights and bargain deals on five star hotels in crete . 
  i had a great deal lined up the last time but could n't get away with work before the crisis abated and the prices shot back up !, 
  so greece , when will the new crisis really start to kick in ? 
  yeah , that german pope was such a hard protestant . 
  we 're a small economy , we 've seen massive swings up and down . 
  i 've seen two really serious recessions with 15 % unemployment but we 're increasingly a global thinking workforce , an outward looking people . 
  the focus has shifted past the uk to global markets .
