  i 'm open to correction . 
  ireland 's past as a colony has shaped its extreme reticence to be part of any army that could be hijacked by larger members . 
  a common regional civil defense policy is probably as far as such a project would get . 
  a pan eu force is unlikely . 
  if the likes of davis makes suitably ambiguous threats to use eu citizens in the uk as bargaining chips then sanction would be the appropriate response . 
  i highly doubt it would come to that but still that article was written as a just precaution . 
  i 've been saying it for months , a uk uncommitted to an eu future ca n't block progress just because it still pays as a member . 
  well do not overlook the fact that that military prowess completely destabilized the middle east and then they walked away . 
  military superiority could win any battle but it can not win wars alone . 
  it is far better that any military capabilities be rooted firmly behind firm social commitments and concerns . 
  otherwise the potential for blowback is severe . 
  i would n't class the response to natural disasters as a military expedition . 
  its an event with rather than an adventure like the usa in iraq . 
  common non-expeditionary defence force is the best option . 
  i passed up on a chance to live in the usa 25 years ago . 
  zero regrets . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i think its more a anglo-american babyboomer movement . 
  i wo n't be surprised if people are as equally puzzled about what trump means as they are about brexit now !, 
  there 's enough in this world for everyone but never enough for one persons greed . 
  australia can send bombing missions to iraq but wont take the refugees it created . 
  you 're scum . 
  ireland was occupied by force . 
  same as aboriginal lands . 
  no , we 'll just import cheap british labour . 
  you could be right . 
   i would think a refugee to be someone that if they had of stayed in their home that they would have been killed , either by an invading army/militants . 
  so basically aboriginal australians . 
  so tell them about your immersion into your native australian culture ? 
  thanks for that . 
  how is it phrased on the nz census form ? 
  i have to agree . 
  individual nations have them but jointly it is n't a thing . 
  most people in australia , new zealand etc know their distant heritage but few would identity as european over their native home . 
  its a sales blurb , he gives himself away in the last paragraph . 
  we do n't know her personal circumstances , she could have treated like shit as a woman before she found islam . 
  now she has a structure for being treated like shit . 
  gee , i never knew states were n't people . 
  you 're a wiz kid . 
   he is part of the reason why so many people hate the eu . 
  hate ? 
  the eu is made up of volunatry sovereign states , are you suggesting they all hate themselves ? 
  as nice as a deep fried mars bar ? 
  true although many incorporate previous structures . 
  the cathedral in syracuse is amazing in its antiquity . 
  wow , must look out for them the next time i 'm in naples . 
  best memory of sicily is sitting on a balcony watching a thunder and lighting storm over etna whilst sipping malvasia . 
  you can get deep fried pizza in glasgow , i reckon that 's more upsetting . 
  you missed the greek temples ? 
  agrigento is simply amazing and that 's only one complex of greek temples amongst many . 
  ever hear of gun boat diplomacy ? 
  already happened in northern ireland . 
  no memory of the shoot to kill policy that saw innocent people targeted in northern ireland ? 
  and people wonder what inspires the fanatics . 
  ca n't disagree with that . 
   b ) the brexit vote was as proportional as you can get . 
  option a or option b. 
  yet it happened . 
  the tories did n't make brexit happen , they just allowed the public to decide . 
  brexit seemed to be more about settling an internal struggle in the tory party rather the national interest . 
  domestic political splits . 
  nobody but ukip and the hypertories want hard brexit , everyone else seems happy with compromise . 
  your country need to ditch the winner takes all politics of first past the post and change to proportional representation which is more about consensus making . 
  you 're not thick , just need a change . 
  at this stage i do n't think brexit will happen so i would n't worry . 
   and either way , i thought the right of eu citizens pretty much only excluded voting ? 
  you could still post brexit move to ireland , buy a house , have a reciprocal healthcare access with the nhs , vote in local and national elections but be unable to access freely the labour market or vote in presidential and eu elections and constitutional referendums . 
  there will still freedom of movement but obviously uk citizens may be restricted by whatever limitations it imposes on eu citizens . 
  irish citizens being treated as non foreign for the purposes of uk law is not reciprocated in irish law . 
  the only exceptions are residents of northern island who 'll have dual nationality . 
   and fair enough . 
  i suppose friendly relations are n't something you want then . 
  fuck me for trying . 
  you mean well but on the ground in ireland we do n't appreciate the border being brought into question again , the peace process has achieved a lot in two decades and the hope is that momentum can continue undisturbed . 
  far better than rapine . 
  well do n't forget friendly relations between ireland and the uk really only have happened since the good friday agreement which would n't be possible without the eu . 
  plus we 're not warping your politics . 
   reminds me of this comic from the times . . she 's trying to force a snap election . 
  the hope is that public opinion changes towards staying in the free market and that they 'll vote the tories out , which gets them off the hook as they be seen to have been to the brexit vote . 
  that will protect their base from ukip . 
   they will not disappear . 
  they appear to be mostly in an older demographic so at least their number is decreasing naturally . 
  we ca n't interfere with your internal politics , that would just make things worse . 
  better than a hard border . 
  whist up now , they suspect nothing . 
  only if 1 products that do n't need too many imported parts , which will cost more to procure with a weakened currency . 
  2 they retain tariff free access to the eu . 
  you better hope iceland do n't submit a rugby team !, 
  bloody brilliant stuff , really sorry i was n't in ireland to celebrate . 
  beat iceland first and then they might have a hope . 
  until prices are hiked . 
  the 08/09 devaluation was good for shopping for a good years until prices caught up . 
  good for shopping !, 
  well sterling is n't in denial . 
  [ i think they 're hilarious , this is classic trolling ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9p0lemfvuw ), 
  yeah , i do wonder . 
  they 'd probably just get by on just not being irish . 
  trouble does n't follow you if you do n't go looking for it . 
  bigger picture , totally undermining the unionist identity . 
  sinn fein pass an opportunity that will likely ensure the break up of uk ?
