  maybe it 's just super up to date !, 
  that 's a very good question and one we 're unlikely to know until they have functioning accounts . 
  are you suggesting that anyone who speaks english fluently should be allowed residency in the uk ? 
  there ca n't be debt relief . 
  any debt relief would be matched by a political debt that contravenes the voluntary nature of the union . 
  writing down greek debt would be an erosion of greek sovereignty . 
  being more concerned about greece in the euro than than the cost to greek society is wrong . 
  parking the debt is the only practical solution . 
  the offer as bracketed at the bottom of the current deal allows that euro debt to be parked for at least five years , after which judging by greeces progress the debt can be restructured . 
  debt write down is out of the question . 
  i 'm not arguing about it , its debt is unsustainable within the euro and that 's why i 'm in favour of greece being allowed to domestically rebalance while retaining the trade and free movement benefits of the union . 
  the simple matter is that there is no means to resolve this issue right now , it needs to be parked . 
  the will is there to park the debt , citizens of the eu would rather greece rebalance and then in the future a restructuring of the debt can be worked out but the greek crisis can not be used to push a federal union . 
  that has to happen when it is right for the majority . 
  that 's as it should be and likewise the eu should not write down greek debt as then greece would be politically in debt to it 's fellow members which contravenes the voluntary nature of the union . 
  greece ca n't force us to federalise their debt . 
  yes , i do mean the eurozone and their eu debts . 
  a reintroduced drachma would allow the internal debts to be devalued which would give them a realistic basis from which to create a fair , transparent and functioning tax regime . 
  it 's not sustainable at greece 's current revenue levels . 
  that 's why the german 's suggested a timeout from the debt so greece could rebuild a functioning tax regime but france and italy want greece to continue the charade . 
  essentially if all the debt was wiped out greece would still be in trouble meeting its domestic spending commitments . 
  however it 's not hopeless , greece just needs restructuring over time . 
  so are the imf going to write down greek debt or do they just prefer that eu taxpayers that a hit . 
  how thoughtful of them . 
  i have to say the la riots were scarier than any civil disturbance in europe . 
  waiting for the coup allegations to start . 
  i think the currency only highlighted the problems and is being unfairly blamed . 
  without the euro there still would have been several iceland type economic meltdowns that were caused by an unregulated glaobal shadow banking system . 
  blaming the euro is like shooting the messenger . 
  it could be abandoned but does anyone truly believe that regions and whole economies within the zone would n't suffer imbalances in the future . 
  before the recent irish crisis i can remember the previous recession before the euro and erm and that was worse . 
  i think the euro has been good , it 's shown massive imbalances across the zone and it 's allowed business big and small greater penetration and integration into new markets . 
  where i do have reservations is when i hear people say that somehow federation is the solution to situations like greece ; i do n't agree with federalising greek debt . 
  the union works best when voluntary , no one state should be allowed to take its membership for granted and expect to be bailed out without conditions . 
  as a voluntary union greece is as free to leave as other members are free to not bail them out . 
  that 's the way it should be . 
  i 'll keep an eye for his west turkey links . 
  greece did n't a have notable real estate problem either . 
  the primary problem is not the debt , japan has a higher debt to gdp than greece and its bond yields even went negative . 
  if i was to single out any ez country for speculation it would be france . 
  the difference is that the other countries are mostly following their recovery programmes where as greece seem incapable , the spread between greece and the other bailout counties reflect that . 
  of anything a grexit will shore up fiscal solidarity . 
  change to what ? 
  are you suggesting that greece become an occupied nation like postwar germany in return for a bailout . 
  if so all greece is trying to do is replace the ottoman empire . 
  well what 's the alternative , half the eu does n't want federalised debt . 
  it 's in everyones interest that greece remains a sovereign state rather than become a dependency . 
  forgiving greek debt sets a precedent between members that would undermine every interstate contract . 
  the german timeout option allows them to stay in the eu yet they wo n't consider it . 
  to me it just seems less to do with suffering reform and more to do with losing face . 
  but why would they do that when obviously by what you said austerity was bad . 
  syriza could take greece out of the euro , devalue like the uk , germany has already given them the green light to park their debt so why would syriza restart something that they were elected to abandon ? 
  syriza gave up on austerity , obviously by your reckoning greece is a better place now . 
  austerity does work as has been proven elsewhere in the eu although in the uk it 's called a currency devaluation and you all seem to be fully limbed . 
  they also have a tax compliancy issue that puts them at odds with every other eu/ez memberstate . 
  what 's happening is that greece wants more money and on the 3rd bailout their fellow members who have electorates to answer to are asking why the situation is not improving . 
  greece says austerity does n't work yet countries who they 're borrowing from have gone through austerity already and see no validity in that argument . 
  nobody believes greece anymore . 
  follow the german suggestion of a five year timeout for greece , allow it to devalue with a drachma and then help it build a functioning and fair tax system , open up its protected sectors to competition etc. 
  it would be like greece is an accession country again but with all the benefits of free travel and open market . 
  who 's holding it over them ? 
  actually debt relief brings a completely different sword of damocles over greece as then it is beholden to those who forgave that debt . 
  germany 's debt were forgiven by occupying forces and no one is suggesting greece become supervised by those they seek debt forgiveness from . 
  ultimately all a common currency does is highlight discrepancies in the price of goods across a common market free from tariffs . 
  sweden may benefit from an independent currency but it still has to compete with the added costs of currency exchange . 
  too many people though when they see these discrepancies blame the currencies which is akin to shooting the messenger !, 
  what 's a better option without making greece a funding transfer dependency like mississippi is to in usa ? 
  renewed competitiveness through currency devaluation is only ever temporary and certainly no substitute for responding to competition through structural change and innovation . 
  well i 've found casual contracts very useful , but then again i 'm in a welfare state capitalist economy . 
  the rules do n't allow one country to become dependent on others , that 's why there ca n't be any debt write down for greek debts to other eu nations . 
  that 's why the timeout option as suggested by the germans is the best for everyone , it 's the french and italians who are pushing greece on with the charade . 
  currency devaluation has always been only a monetary tool but no real substitute for competitiveness . 
  it buys only a bit of time , the immediate competitive advantage is quickly lost through higher import costs . 
  greece is keeping greece unstable , plenty of other small countries have adapted to use the common market in their own way . 
  what the unemployment rate where you are ? 
  a better job than the greeks are doing themselves ? 
  what structural reform does the eu need ? 
  it 's not that strange when you consider every eu nation that joined after greece , including former eastern bloc , have surpassed it . 
  what is strange is why greece has floundered . 
  loads of unfinished buildings everywhere , there was one big round one ... . . 
  greece is just ramping this up to distract its masses from grexit . 
  what would the usa be without an ideal ? 
  the nation that puts prosperity before principle loses both . 
  i 'm constantly amused by how the eu is confused for the us . 
  one is a federal union and the other is voluntary union . 
  greece is free to leave and i think that 's the way it should be , it ca n't be kicked out but other members are free to treat greece as a member in name only . 
  this loose union is preferable to a federation , it makes sure no one state takes its membership for granted and that its relationship with fellow members is a living and breathing contract . 
  all that could happen under the drachma too . 
  seriously , after six months of greece insulting everyone now people are worried about greece being humiliated !, 
  it they ca n't be a good example they 'll have to be a horrible warning . 
  the best we 'll get is the how the parliament receives the new package . 
  probably marxist syriza wlll split . 
  they do n't want to be considered west turkey . 
  from we 've observed from the clusterfuck referendum i do n't believe the greek public are well served by their media , everything gets reported in extremes . 
  destroys countries that greek is asking for loans from ? 
  eu membership is voluntary , the currency being a part of that shared responsibility . 
  reneging on euro debts is reneging on the currency itself , it 's reneging on a shared concept . 
  syriza took control of the ship and drove it towards the rocks . 
  that strategy has only made a grexit more probable , it 's clearly moved eu citizens to the thinking that parking greece 's debt is better than adding to it . 
   no government would be willing to throw their country that low in order to get a haircut .
