  i can see the uk being dissolved on a friday of the brexit exit and an independent scotland starting their eu accession on the monday . 
  isds ? 
  what were the main points of objection amongst voters on the ground in walloon ? 
  there is a precedent there with the union jack flag . 
  when the republic and northern ireland became individual states neither used the irish st patricks cross which is a constituent part of the union jack . 
  when westminster reviewed the cost of amending the flag it was thought not worth it . 
  `` your majesty , the peasants are revolting '' `` yes i know , they smell . '', 
  yeah , saw her down at the postoffice picking up her pension the other day . 
  she was arguing about having to pay for a dog license . 
  i felt sorry and dropped a fiver in her coat pocket when she was n't looking . 
  if scotland leaves the union and the queen becomes its head of state just like for australia , canada and nz , would the title then revert back to just england , wales and northern ireland ? 
  to honest i must admit that there are thick accents around ireland that i find hard to understand , like cork !, 
  that 's good . 
  that 's still very strong here in local christmas pantomimes where local people will be made fun of but in a good way . 
  yes , it is intended as a gentle prodding . 
  what are your traditions like ? 
  sweat shops ? 
  people seem resent polish taking their veg picking jobs !, 
  well residents of small close knit communities would already have an idea of their failings , it 's just better it be acknowledge indirectly so no one lost face . 
  they 'd just grin and bare it . 
  not a physical assault tradition but mummers in disguise used to arrive at peoples houses around christmas time and sing songs about what others in the community had been saying about the houses inhabitants during the last year . 
  it would be easier for spain to just give residents of the enclave work permits just for spain . 
  i 'm still waiting on that bicycle i asked santa for decades ago . 
  well all that has to be done is restrict access to the job market and social services . 
  a bus could just dump english without a work permit back over the border . 
  where it would be interesting is black market border trade . 
  i doubt fdi will continue at the same pace when the potential markets will greatly decrease . 
  brexit is sovereignty before economics . 
  may is writing promises in a rubber cheque book . 
  they 'll print their way through this . 
  ah now , then there 's loads of unemployed chimps . 
   all i 'm saying is that the rhetoric from eu leaders does not indicate that they want the negotiations to be quick , easy or even viable . 
  actually from the start many eu leaders want the process to happen soon . 
  but it will . 
  the eu nations will have a shopping list of things they want from the uk in return for even paying to access the eu market . 
  yeah right , the eu made the tories hold the vote . 
  for gods sake , it just does n't happen like that . 
  they ca n't take a shelved agreement and then apply it elsewhere . 
  the whole point of trade agreements is that two parties can negotiate terms favourable to both and the uk would want to start from scratch with agreement tailored for their needs rather the eus . 
  christ , if it wanted the eu deal it would n't being leaving . 
  what is acceptable is a floating measure . 
  the rating agencies work on assumptions and new events change those assumptions . 
  who rates your ability ? 
  who rates the raters that rate the raters ? 
  we better install some floatation devices for malta . 
  the higher your rating the lower your nations borrowing costs . 
  nice to have options though . 
  we 're all dead in the end . 
  great comparisons . 
  i did notice when i went there a few years after the fall of communism the strong presence of the american fast food chains , so much so that i found it difficult to find varieties of local food . 
  is it still the same ? 
  yes , the deal with albania should be easy . 
  the eu ? 
  who 's us ? 
   of course this does n't address our swelling unfunded pension obligations and dwindling indigenous birth rate but i suppose there are scarcely few real economic winners in an aging economy and it 's about time the older generation took a hit for once . 
  well pension funds are unmasked for the ponzi schemes they are when the amount of new entrants no longer funds the existing payouts . 
  on the other hand it 's a good example of how hard it will be for the uk to get an eu trade deal past all the member states . 
  it 's also a warning for the uk about each eu state having a veto on trade agreements . 
  hard brexit with no lube , nice !, 
  anyway you pay more in subsidies to northern ireland than you do to the eu , and that 's a region where all citizens are eligible for eu passports . 
  so in a roundabout no change . 
  emerging from that field does n't say much . 
  the cleaning staff put them in a box on the 24th of june . 
  it 's still waiting behind the desk at reception . 
  but the brexiteer said the uk had no say in the eu . 
  if it was a trojan horse when it was in , what will be when it 's out ? 
  well why have eu leaders met without the uk ? 
  was the uk busy with cricket that day ? 
  well it would be rather bad form to retake a seat just to frustrate the future workings of a club you 've given notice to . 
  well they cant exit indefinitely . 
  uk meps will sit until final exit but the eu has a new forward configuration . 
  the uk vacating its seat is not the eu banning anyone . 
  it was a premature move but one that effectively ended the uk future commitment to the project . 
  the eu is a voluntary union as the uk is now demonstrating so there really is n't the power to `` ban '' as you state it . 
  the uk could sit and obstruct progress on matters that wo n't affect them after march but what would that achieve ? 
  they ca n't veto anything if they 're not at the table . 
  is may going to retake the uk seat at the table ? 
  that would be a reversal of the intent to leave . 
  no , they 'll just reconvene in a non-exiting members forum . 
  the uk has already registered its intent to leave when it vacated its seat , all the eu expects now is a50 in the post . 
  the 27 can not be held back by the domestic politics of individual members . 
  not on things that will continue after they exit . 
  may has no political capital to gain by fighting to remain in what she she has avowed to leave . 
  if the uk want to trade with the eu via the eea like norway then theyll have to pay . 
  norway pays in too and is n't a member . 
  however the real problem is that the uk has already registered its intent to leave when it vacated its seat immediately after the vote . 
  that was premature to say the least but by doing so it the intent to exit was registered with the 27 and so they moved on . 
  the eu will easily circumvent may by reconvening in a non-exiting members forum . 
  you 're not counting the eea . 
  eurovision was n't enough for them ? 
  but what about future growth ? 
  they 're making a choice between being based in a market of 60m with 60 % of your business or moving to the much bigger market of 500m for future growth . 
  they 'll probably still run an operation in the uk but they remember the pre-free market times and know which pool they 'd rather swim in . 
  you pay northern ireland more than the eu and all its citizens are eligible for eu passports so double whammy there . 
  well time is on her side . 
  the more the cost of brexit becomes apparent the more the case for change increases . 
  i find the usa gun regime terrifying !, 
  call it civil terrorism if you will . 
  well it 's like ukip , without a political gaol now they are floundering but those who did n't go back to the tories may drift towards bnp . 
  it 's a usa news piece so the comparability between weapons regimes is important .
