  ireland gets hammered because we 're upfront about our tax rate . 
  goodbye nhs and hallo us gun death rate . 
  if anywhere is going to implode it 's the uk . 
  if brexit happens but the scottish vote for staying then a second scotexit vote is triggered . 
  the university of life is n't . 
  probably not , i 've excavated famine era mass burials and researched the era so i 'd be lying if i said i was unaffected . 
  hey , come lecture us in ireland on irish history and see how that what reaction you 'll get . 
  actually come at easter , we 've got a lot of historical commemoration stuff going on but we can squeeze you in . 
  the catholic church was reestablished and paid for westminster as a bulwark against a french revolution style revolt . 
  if you actually studied irish history you 'd know this but like cameron you 're just full of bluster . 
  do n't forget your own jimmy savill !, 
  irish descent , so what . 
  you 've deny the deliberate neglect of millions to famine by a government that did n't care . 
  call yourself what ever you want but spouting that nonsense will only get you trouble in ireland . 
   any government will apologise for anything diplomatically beneficial and does n't cost them a thing !, 
  are you it 's just a bit of flim flam ? 
  but what about the great british democracy you were defending ? 
  date any nice pigs heads recently ? 
  so much ignorance that the british democracy you saw was n't responsible actually issued an apology for the irish famine . 
  i think the education you 've received is only in how to an arrogant twat . 
  but we 've wiped the arrogance off arrogant twats before . 
  irish history in a british university , how unbiased can one get ? 
  it will be the uk opting out the eu . 
  as an eu member trade barriers with ireland would rise again ( the uk and ireland have had tariff wars in the past ) but if both parties and the eu is are happy then visa free travel would continue . 
  where i imagine it could get tricky is where a uk passport enters ireland freely but then continues onto another eu country without a visa . 
  as it stands greenland left europe in the past but can still access the eu but i believe only through denmark from a preexisting arrangement something similar to the common travel area . 
  so much denial . 
  i guess you blame the chinese for the opium wars too . 
  great british democracy my arse . 
  the democracy that confiscated ireland from the irish , did nothing to relieve the famine and declared it over while it was still happening , a democratic governance that saw the irish population halve in half a century , ... yeah , that commonwealth of thieves more like . 
  well he was n't at all ambiguous about the uk being the centre of this union so what improvement it brings in opposing the eu is up to cameron to explain . 
  although he 's too busy being euroskeptic while trying to persuade the uk to stay in the eu at a leave vote he campaigned for . 
  i thought grexit was complicated . 
  well as it stands residents of ni who wish are entitled to citizenship of the republic , those who sleep under pictures of the queen and union jack duvets can sleep easy too . 
  the common travel area exists astride schengen so unless the brits go full retard and recline into splendid isolation with constant reruns of dads army and documentaries about prince harry flying spitfires on the tv then nothing really changes . 
  plus the 1 million uk residents in spain and 300,000 residents in ireland may be greatly impacted . 
  [ yeah , he termed it his uk/nordic/baltic area . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-29944564 ) cameron is as bad as farage for stoking anti eu sentiment . 
  if the uk retreats to the same status as norway things do n't change but if the uk starts putting up barriers to free movement of labour then things will get messy . 
  as bad as the knock our trade with the uk might take ( 28 % of irish exports ) global market demand has been growing , even through the financial crisis . 
  ultimately ireland wo n't follow the uk , you wo n't see `` brits in '' slogans on irish walls . 
  when nigel farage said he wanted ireland back in the commonwealth he alienated irish eurosceptics without any help from the media . 
  seriously , everyone would be in bed by 9pm every night . 
   hold your horses , the eu is struggling to hold onto one of its most powerful constituents . 
  we 're not trying to hold on to you , go if you need to . 
  this is like grexit all over again . 
  yes , becoming full members would help . 
  well actually cameron has been the dictating to the eu for its failure to be a federal body . 
  he 's attacking the status quo . 
  cameron in his previous term was floating the notion of a north europe bloc separate from the eu ( with the uk being the centre ) . 
  after a uk exit from the eu the choice for nordic states would between a large and small trading bloc . 
  and in four months time everyone with be as sick of brexit as they were of grexit !, 
  it 's no less true !, 
  [ actually this short clip sums up how europe sees the uk right now . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmolndabnhi ), 
  there 's differences between the french and germans but they can transcend them , what the uks excuse ? 
  500 years of splendid isolation is a hard mindset to change but treating the eu like its an enemy only pisses off your friends . 
  from a business point of view the uk leaving could be extremely positive for ireland . 
  since last years uk election there 's been growing interest from uk firms in relocating to ireland . 
  two decades ago the majority of irish trade was with the uk but thats been reduced below 30 % since the euro and increased trade with asia . 
  the only downside would be societal pressures on services from all the brexit refugees . 
  i reckon it could go to 90p and over to the euro . 
  at least oil is expected to weaken further with iranian supply coming on which would help a weaker pound . 
  i think the original intent was that although the uk would have to negotiate directly with the eu it would be very easy for uk companies who business is mostly with the eu anyway to relocate to ireland . 
  every former eastern european country in the ez has surpassed greece . 
  greece has been in the eu twice as long so it has no excuse in blaming outside factors . 
  but that 's exactly what the uk seems to be doing , blaming all its deficiencies on its eu competitors . 
  greece 's problem was over borrowing . 
  the uk does the same but devalues the pound . 
  works in the short term but not good for uk savers . 
  price stability . 
  actually germany had problems in the 80s and the french metro system was continuously bombed during the 80s . 
  infact the canary wharf bomb emanated from within the uk . 
   the pound will recover and stabilise again . 
  the euro has been around for 20 odd years now , and it still has n't stabilised . 
  you do realise that currency float , right ? 
   and as it stands , it does n't matter how much trade germany does . 
  it still results in the uk putting in more money into the eu than they get out . 
  ok you 're it does n't matter how much germany trades but results in the uk putting in more money in the eu than they get out . 
  talk me through that please . 
  the devaluation is a short term bonus that just like before will be quickly eroded by import inflation and increased taxation . 
  i 'm potentially moving to the uk for a few years with work and if the brits vote to leave then my euro will go 20 % further when buying an apartment . 
  the only thing is if the pound continues weakening whatever capital appreciation i 've gained could be wiped out when moved back to euros . 
  swings and roundabouts . 
  i wo n't be selling my property here , that 's for sure . 
  right now the greatest instability is the uks relationship with the eu and the longer this instability continues the worse it will be with the pound . 
  as it stands germany does a much greater trade than the uk with both china and the us form within the eurozone . 
  the fact that london has to offer incentives says it all really . 
  how much of the pounds strength is based upon its special status within the eu ? 
  goldman sachs estimate the uk pound would take an immediate 20 % loss if the vote is for leaving . 
  they also say it would probably diminish further as financial markets switch away from london . 
  for example the london metals exchange could easily relocate to belgium and trade in $ . 
  as it stands germany does more trade the the uk with china and the usa from within the eurozone . 
  the balls to shout is not enough . 
  keeping a calm head is far more important . 
  businesses also need to import so trade benefit of a weaker pund may be short lived . 
  if part of the pounds strength is based on the current relationship with the eurozone then any weakening of that relationship is going to weaken demand for the pound . 
  no doubt . 
  however the good friday agreement allows for ni to choose its own destiny . 
  if the uk leaves the eu entirely and goes beyond even the norway status then they could still choose a halfway house where they 'll choose to stay british in a common wealth sense to appease the unionists but retain an independent economic identity with both the eu and remaining uk that suits every northern irelander economically .
