  australia is completely in chinas pocket . 
  if they 're credits they 're entitled to as workers then there 'll be no change under a points system . 
  technically they 're listed as sex worker . 
  city councils regulate brotels in many australian states . 
  well the returning retirees will plug the gap left by the departed workers . 
  that will a shit load of brits sent back to the uk !, 
  the uk can ask santa for whatever it wants , do n't be mean . 
  yeah , from what i 've seen of points based schemes in australia its just more bureaucracy . 
  they just kept lowering the bar , sex workers and hairdressers are eligible on their skills shortage list . 
  i 've seen guys get their residence with just forklift licence as their defined skill . 
  too early , give the economic repercussions time to set and then maybe there 'll be a rethink . 
  yeah , australia can send its convicts to the uk !, 
  it ca n't happen before the uk leaves the eu . 
  britain does n't want a federal europe when it has a centralized government within its own union ? 
  wow , he 's really out to put off any pending investment . 
  take your time . 
  well it seems the only person in the uk who was consistently level headed during brexit was the canadian mark carney so yes , welcome canada . 
  see that 's the point . 
  trade is in the national interest . 
  its not soccer . 
  how do they know what they 'll get ? 
  trade is as important as security and securing requires citizenship for sensitive posts . 
  from i 've been reading the uk has to outsource its trade negotiations . 
  not exactly in the ukip spirit of taking back control . 
  you 'll still have to pay tariffs which support cap if you trade into the eu . 
  very true , ireland starved in the great famine while the british exported corn from there . 
  they probably had no idea . 
  he was better known for petty crime than any radicalism . 
  i wonder if a money reward for his estranged family was a motivation . 
  well the british government at the time called the attackers terrorists although the brits have a tendency to call everyone they 've invaded who fights back a terrorist . 
  yes , the tory cabinet including margaret thatcher . 
  so the brighton bombings were n't terrorist attacks because they were an assassination attempt ? 
  glad you cleared that up for me . 
  both were terrifying without doubt but the response is determined by how they were classed . 
  what i do n't get is that this lone wolf attack by someone who was probably unhinged ( certainly no radical muslim by accounts ) is treated as a terrorist attack yet the lone wolf who killed jo cox is n't called a terrorist . 
  indeed . 
  that precedent could then be used to make political rivals disappear . 
  it sure is, 
  being in the eu is the third leg of the stool the peace sits on . 
  the good friday agreement was based on both the uk and iris republic being in the eu . 
  nobody knows where the ukj will be in two years time . 
  its arrogant to say the troubles are over . 
  the good friday agreement is still very new but the uncertainty around brexit implications for a new eu/uk customs border have never been discussed by the british government before the vote . 
  as we know now they gave it no thought . 
  christ on a bike , have you not heard of partition , the troubles , the segregationist stormont government , the civil rights march and bloody sunday . 
  look up the savill inquiry . 
  we had the ira because the uk government sided with the german armed uvf . 
  it was the loyalist uvf who brought the gun into irish politics . 
  do n't you hate it when the people you betray stand up to you . 
  you do n't have the uk as a neighbour . 
  at least when you broke away there was an ocean between you and the uk . 
  we 've still got a land border !, 
  hitler was elected too . 
  what are you talking about , the uk was a cheerleader for turkish membership , boris johnson was a chief cheerleader . 
  the uk just wants to weaken the eu . 
  now fuck off and start article 50 . 
  that 's not a good position to be in . 
  they 'd be better to leave the uk then . 
  yeah we had our brexit a hundred years ago . 
  was n't he pretty repressive on free speach recently , protests growing bigger all the time . 
  its not what you but how you use it . 
  its the difference between norway and venezuela . 
  totally agree . 
  enough of this fartfest . 
  either start article 50 or call a snap election . 
  oil is not a prerequisite for eu membership !, 
  there was a united ireland under the home rule bill buyt the uvf bought guns from germany to oppose home rule . 
  britain sided with the german armed separatists . 
  we had the cta but we still had armed checkpoints , not nice to have to go through . 
  entire communities severed . 
  attack you ? 
  we may end up with a new land border so guess what , i fuckin pissed at the uk . 
  it was bad in past too , its just that we 're more connected now . 
  they 've been through this before . 
  uncomfortable police state for a few years but secular values reestablished . 
  this actually stops a drift towards fundamentalists . 
  actually as alarming as it seems this will probably calm things down . 
  the brits do n't know what they want . 
  the got their brexit but now like the cat that cried to get out they just sit there looking out the open door . 
  i do n't even think the ira could have as much damage to the british economy than the british voter did . 
  more like a regional reset . 
  yeah turkey , its happened plenty of times before . 
  boris johnson was championing turkish eu membership , brits are funny like that . 
  you ca n't deport a citizen for having contrarian views and dumping people on other nations is as good as an act of war . 
  then all those areas reliant on eu have nothing to complain about . 
  remind me again why parts of the uk need eu funding ? 
  sounds like you 've given scotland more reasons to leave the uk . 
  there is nothing stopping hollyrood from inquiring to the eu about the path to accession . 
  obviously formal negotiations are impossible while scotland is still in the uk but independently there is good will towards a future application . 
  now just to be clear should england/wales at a later stage wish to rejoin the eu they 'll very welcome . 
  the eu is a collection of nation states with converging interests . 
  obviously at this juncture scotlands interests appear to diverge from england and wales but that 's not to say their long term interests are not dissimilar . 
   but something like portugal + spain + south america could be very interesting too . 
  there is definitely potential for some serious tie-ups there but having travelled through sa recently i do think economic cooperation in that region to the same degree as an eu is some ways off yet . 
  brexit is bad for everyone . 
  leaving the uk will be bad for scotland but they 'd do it for future stability within the largest trading bloc in the world . 
  if you were a united kingdom we would n't be having this discussion . 
   basically this could rip the uk apart and end the greatest union in human history . 
  that 's it ? 
  that 's the argument .
