  what option did europe have ? 
  do you really think each eu government , including the uk , could go back to its electorates and tell them that they were going to fund greece a third time without any evidence of tangible reform ? 
  how would that go down if it were a financially failing borough in the uk that demanded a bailout but refused to reform ? 
  greece was always free to leave if they felt they were abused . 
  so why has a government that constantly brought up nazi debts not take greece out of the ez even when they won a referendum that clearly rejected the deal to hep them stay in ? 
  calm down . 
  the uk did help with the greek bailouts so regardless of not being in the ez you 're still on the hook to greek national debt . 
  could you be specific ? 
  does it ? 
  the eu would continue without the uk and the uk would continue at a new distance from the eu decision making similar to norway . 
  do you think the uk citizens should write off the debt owed by greece and then unconditionally lend greece more money ? 
  but does it ? 
  if a nation fails to adhere to the eu agreements that it previously signed up to then no other nation can force them back . 
  in the chaos is actually the strength of the union . 
  just remember tsipras was working on the assumption that he could hold the eu for ransom , they called his bluff when it was suggested that greece could sit out for five years . 
  suddenly tsipras was ratifying the reforms required by the other member states . 
  however if one state does go rogue in a voluntary union it can be isolated without damaging the remaining union . 
  in a europe with many cultures it is by far preferable to keep it voluntary . 
  yes but what happens when a member state ignores sanctions and commitments ? 
  so how would one state be forced to honour its eu commitments ? 
  i 'm against that . 
  i prefer the opt out , it will make sure no one member takes membership for granted . 
  the eu is not a state despite us media constantly thinking it is . 
  it is still a voluntary union , unhappy members are free to leave . 
  any update on that chart post syriza ? 
  politically it 's cheaper to bomb from above than to patrol on the ground . 
   well , yeah , calling 22 % of unemployment and 49 % youth unemployment a recovery is an insult to anyone 's intelligence . 
  well it was higher before then it is an improvement . 
  would you prefer to reverse the trend ? 
  the trend is what 's important like when greece had been trending upwards before syriza . 
  good . 
  i do n't think it works the same as in the us , this `` money printing is targeted '' . 
  ultimately the euro is about price stability and the reduction of imbalances across the zone . 
  will do , looking at flights right now . 
  depends , if greece 's debts are parked and a few private holdouts , like with argentina , await their bond maturity they 'll have to figure out is it worth the cost of chasing this debt . 
  it may be cheaper to defer it if the solution of a greek debt holiday look like yielding a better long term result . 
  bondholders may be right by law but courts reside in sovereign nations that need to function . 
  holding bonds in non functioning nations is just an expensive education . 
  do n't know . 
  long term bonds were probably sold off at a huge discount . 
  the debts to other eu members would n't but any other outstanding debts would be . 
  i thought everyone cleared out of greek debt after the first bailout . 
  greek debt can be parked , which is still a distinct possibility . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  lol, 
   there are several different ways the us government calculates unemployment figures but these ones are done the same way as in the op . 
  well i 've read that us unemployment well over 10 % if everyone who 's able to work but is n't registered as seeking work is counted . 
  the welfare states of the eu included the unemployed even if they are n't in receipt of welfare payments . 
  give me an example of a non progressive reform ? 
  could your example be specific to the current greek proposals ? 
   what i dont favor is useless reforms that sell everything state owned with no hope of growth in the future so you do n't believe in the eu of open borders and level playing fields for business and individuals ? 
  it was always an economic union in origin you know . 
  the banks bailout happened in the 1st bailout , after that it 's all about the greek people and state spending . 
  seeing as your so down on banks would you favour a greek bank bail-in by depositors ? 
  [ north korean funk march is best march . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwosfqb5hvk ), 
  this is different , poorer countries than greece are being asked to help bail greece out . 
  to expand your analogy `` why should i give my potatoes to those who already have more than me '' . 
  there 's been multiple reddits about how unemployment stats are gathered differently , many stated that by eu standards the us unemployment rate can be a lot higher as those who have stopped looking for work do n't get counted . 
  some countries like australia count one hours work per week as employed !, 
  that all depends on what you think it is supposed to do ? 
  works fine for me . 
   we like you way better than the europeans nowadays . 
  you 're not european ? 
  cool , if the us want to buy your eu debts then it 's a win win !, 
  i prefer the current voluntary structure , those needing federation need to learn discipline . 
  austerity = reform and sometimes those who refuse to reform are reminded not to take their membership for granted . 
  a hard left radical government has gone from rejecting reform to implementing greater reform . 
  few believe it will actually happen but the message that this is last chance saloon is in writing and no one can say now that any greek government did n't appreciate that eu leaders have their electorates to consider too . 
  your media did n't tell you about the default ? 
  good question . 
  the communist party were once very strong in italy , at its height the italian cp had a greater percentage of the population as members as the chinese cp had !, 
  the anglosphere is still prone to viewing the eu through an imperial lens fashioned in the victorian era . 
  from watching us and uk media during the greek crisis the constant refrain was about institutional failure as if the eu was a federation responsible for domestic decisions of the greek government . 
  they constantly overlook the fact the union is voluntary and that greece was always free to leave . 
  it 's like the uk want germany to make their case for either staying or leaving the union . 
  when syriza reversed the existing programme the crisis became political . 
  there is r/economics though . 
  this thread is about trans atlantic perception , is it not ? 
  what was random ? 
  krugman admitted he thought syriza had a plan b , pretty big oversight . 
  theory is one thing and reality is another . 
  [ i believe my estimation of him is more justified than his estimation of the greek situation . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/greece-debt-crisis-live-nobel-prize-winning-economist-paul-krugman-admits-he-overestimated-the-competence-of-the-greek-government-10401092.html ), 
  the more i read krugman the less that prize meant . 
  what people are looking up is where the next party is at !, 
  there 's often an open bar at funerals !, 
  i actually have more faith in the euro after greece was faced down . 
  as tough as it seems it highlighted the fallacy of depending on currency devaluation as a budgetary tool . 
  this crisis is forcing the debt junkie into cold turkey , tough love but what 's the alternative ? 
  forgive greek debt and watch them borrow again to cover tax shortfalls in the expectation of constant debt forgiveness ? 
  it 's unpopular to say it but in a way greece 's financial mismanagement being exposed by the euro is possibly the best thing that could happen for greece , it will force it to change the dynamic that 's seen them flounder while they were passed out by every ex soviet eu member . 
  so is he going to call a referendum in france and if the rest of europe does n't like it he 'll accuse us of being undemocratic ? 
  the greek crisis is a good argument against federation . 
  codes can be very simple , i 'm reminded of `` lamb 's tales from shakespeare '' being used as code base in graham greene 's classic novel our man in havana . 
  i was thinking the same . 
  i travelled in north peru which really is a high risk area . 
  what areas in peru ? 
  i 'd love for the vman to take the floor , he should enough time now . 
  you can formally go to where your baptism was registered and have your entry crossed out .
