   and then what happens ? 
  ukip and tories join forces and brexit happens anyway . 
  only now ukip are a real political party with power . 
  when you consider the tories promised the referendum to shut up the kippers and then lost , it could argued that the current government is being led by the ukip mandate . 
  so considering ukips only agenda is leaving the eu and the tories are now delivering that mandate it 's fair to say that tory government = ukip government . 
  sorry if that made you vomit in your mouth . 
  english and irish are official languages in ireland but not in poland . 
   look , the sultan gave # 1000 . 
  that 's very generous but that was it . 
  maybe he just did n't like hearing about the brits killing irish people by starvation . 
  maybe turkey should apologise to the uk for interfering in that genocide . 
  traitor , learning another language !, 
  you make it sound like the usa had previously been facilitating the ira . 
  4,000,000 ukip votes got them one mp while the tories formed a government with 11,000,000 votes . 
  if there is n't a brexit , regardless of who 's leading ukip they will reap up more votes in another election . 
  its been excellent with an income stream is euros while living in the uk !, 
  thank you . 
  it sounds like there 's a huge generational disconnect there , like ireland in the late 80s and early 90s . 
  i was going by the charts which seemed to suggest that greeks greatly distrusted tv but if it 's an internet based survey then i can see what you mean . 
  [ here 's the thread i was talking about and i was wrong it 's percentage of +65 s. 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5kq49d/gaps_in_internet_usage_by_age_2014_oecd_countries/ ) do you think the older greeks distrust of the traditional media of radio and tv influences the younger generations trust in the internet ? 
  i 've got to agree , publix is a great store , the few times i 've been in them when visiting florida . 
  i think trader joes is owned by aldi nord though so they 're already there . 
  i do n't get the greeks having the internet as their most trusted media . 
  another such infographic showed they had some of lowest internet usage by over 50 year olds . 
  fakegraphs \u00a9, 
   what kind of `` bad '' are we talking about ? 
  its implementation from the early decades of the irish free state was always politically driven . 
  however it backfired in that few could actually teach it well and only in a few places was irish still spoken commonly . 
  i actually liked it up until we had an extremely nationalistic teacher who would tell people they were n't really irish if they did n't speak irish as well as he did . 
  that put me off for life then . 
  lol !, 
   in florida it went from about 20 % of everyone i knew smoking to literally no one . 
  in how many years did this happen ? 
  well whatever about anglo nations failings there are other alternative models for italy to consider instead of perpetual elections . 
  manus island , look it up . 
  the reforms were to end the constant deadlock that 's produced 40 governments in 60 years . 
  a new government every 18 months is not effective national administration . 
  if i owned a pub in spain i 'd rebrand it the trafalgar as a club which only handled sterling . 
  as long as i issued receipts with the euro value i 'd be ok with the spanish taxman but i could still charge double the local rate for beer and the brit punters would still pile in . 
  plus i could buy their excess euros and take another cut and they 'd thank me for profiting off them . 
   the vote in italy happened for that same reaso the vote in italy was on italian constitutional reform and the result was actually for the status quo which is hardly a backlash . 
  the usa funds and protects saudi arabia so the usa should extend aid to victims of saudi arabian . 
  iran does already take in refugees from the conflict . 
  i agree . 
  the countries that opposed the iraq invasion are now carrying the greatest burden and it 's unfair on both them and the refugees that the usa and uk just walked away and left a mess behind . 
  well lebonon and trukey should n't be baring alone a problem created by western military adventurism . 
  ultimately it 's the usa that destabilized the region and should now be taking in the refugees they created . 
  it 's essentially a repeat of vietnam . 
  i do n't think the australian offshore model is an appropriate response to any humanitarian crisis like syria . 
  that 's essentially punishing people fleeing war . 
  but then again it is an echo of the model on which australia was founded so i can why culturally they think it alright to treat refugees as transported convicts . 
  ok , let me think about this . 
  roll on march 31st . 
  do n't be so negative . 
  it will be a successful red , white and blue successful . 
  now if you 're not going cheer for it then go to your remoaner friends !, 
  cheerleading against the ungrateful like yourself !, 
  well yes , the uk are the real victims here . 
  they civilised the world and look at the gratitude they got . 
  you 'd swear the lesser peoples were ungrateful at being asset stripped . 
  a distinctive common symbol in a bright colour perhaps . 
  maybe its a term for sucking off the dole ? 
  yeah , i know !, 
  wtf !, 
  first time for everything i suppose . 
  you have a point . 
  in reality some nations are multiregional like spain , italy , france and germany . 
  individual regions may feel underrepresented when they see small nations get a seat at the table . 
  in a regional europe there would be many ireland 's and lithuania 's . 
  but it 's a great opportunity for the uk to favour immigration from the former colonies like nigeria and pakistan over those pesky condescending eu types !, 
  the usa subprime did n't cause the uk 's problems , bad lending ultimately crashes . 
  i guess terrorists will be legally obliged to wear some obvious marking so as not to cause any impolite misunderstandings . 
  give me an example that is n't justified . 
  give me an example of me complaining about brexit . 
  it ca n't happen quick enough but i saw on the cover of the express today that the english might be out of the eu by easter !, 
  but i 'm celebrating it . 
  it 's a wonderful spectacle . 
  are you not happy about it ? 
  come on , do n't tell you do n't support brexit !, 
  there are loads of opportunity in brexit !, 
  it 's not all bad you know . 
  there going to be some serious fortunes made off this . 
  how is brexit going to a success if you 're just going to mope about it . 
  now buckle up , we 're in the final approach to a50 . 
  i 'm a brexit cheerleader !, 
  i thought you 'd be happy with the support . 
  switzerland already watered down their immigration vote to the point where if it were tea it would be mistaken for rat piss . 
  hey , brexit is going to be great . 
  terrible for everyone else but you 'll be on the winning side and that 's the only thing that 's important , that you are right . 
   how are those benefits ukip wanted to keep without paying ? 
  that makes zero sense . 
  you missed the whole wanting access to the single market without having to pay and the classic ukip remand that ireland should pay for some road in south wales because irish haulers use on the way to the continent . 
  but hey , if you 're a ukip fan then sleep tight . 
  we in ireland are n't going to deny the sovereignty ukip banks on about . 
  for the world to realign in the uks interests . 
  now time for one last story . 
  once upon a time there was a boy called nigel ... 
  i 'll break it down for you . 
  dropping the euro means leaving the eu , that 's the rules under the treaties everyone negotiated and signed up to .
