  a few nations like the uk have pre-euro era exemptions . 
  lepen suggests that france can have its own currency and the euro but legally the euro is to be the only currency . 
  plus border checks is n't a suspension of free movement . 
  denmark were doing years ago . 
   she also added that she would prefer to keep the euro , as an additional currency to the franc.but she does n't say how that would work . 
  would french banks be forced to ditch the euro in favour of the franc ? 
  what about french savers ? 
  it 's like ukip , wanting the benefits without having to pay . 
   very specifically it will default if it does n't because it is bound by the troika . 
  like it has already default twice . 
   the others like france have a secret deal where they are not being investigated by the ec for breaches of the growth and stability pact it 's not secret if you know about it . 
   greece will default if it does n't meet its obligations , let alone even reach the state where the ec needs to investigate it . 
  greece is an habitual defaulter . 
  if you have missed that by the third bailout since 2011 then there 's nothing more to say here . 
   the other countries do n't have these policies forced upon them . 
  are you saying that greece is the only country that has to meet its bailout conditions ? 
   while greece is in in the doldrums its economy is far more advanced than the bulk of the eastern bloc . 
  if it 's so advanced then when is it on its third bailout since 2011 ? 
  what is greece doing that other eu states are n't ? 
   if you see a personal attack or a comment breaking the rules if ? 
  right best of luck . 
  personal ? 
  i do n't the guy but lonernerdguy was being obnoxiously condescending , why did n't you give a warning then ? 
  fair is fair . 
   greece has had gdp cuts worse than what the us has had during the depths of the great depression . 
  greece has been a member of the eu since the 70s . 
  in that time the soviet bloc collapsed and every new eu member has passed greece by except bulgaria . 
  who 's fault is that , mexico 's ? 
  well one saves face by devaluing its currency and not reforming and the other saves face by blaming everyone else and probably still not reforming . 
  one can mask its uncompetitiveness with devaluation but the other that ca n't devalue has its squandered borrowing habits exposed . 
  when you consider the uk has had the same wage growth as greece then it makes the euro look good and devaluation merely a short term political tool to deflect attention away from domestic failings . 
  then learn some restraint . 
   last i checked the 2008 crash was precipitated by us mortgages , not uk debt , so comparing the levels now and then are moot . 
  i think the big concern though is that a hard brexit will hurt the economy and peoples ability to keep up with repayments . 
  northern rock was sunk by usa sub-prime ? 
  they went bust on their own lending model before bears sternes and lehman . 
  leave euro but stay linked to it . 
  the only winners would be numismatists . 
   again , if you have no understanding of the economy , educate yourself . 
  now you 're just coming across as as fucking prick . 
   the euro has failed and its leaders can not fix it by simply hoping things will work . 
  its broken so fix it . 
  define broken . 
  how the fuck did your nation ever rule the waves with thinking like that ? 
  but multinationals do cluster . 
  train crash brexit is looking increasingly likely . 
   european countries or europe in general is not the place where an immigrant should try building his/hers new life . 
  plenty seem to have successfully settled into ireland . 
  then again we a nation who migrate so we 're more attuned to the migrant experience . 
  for example we do n't expect migrants to become irish . 
  their kids born in ireland will be but there 's no pressure to culturally conform beyond doing whatever it is they came to do . 
  however irish basketball got a huge boost with all the eastern europeans that arrived since 2004 . 
   i did and there is absolutely nothing in there dating from post-medieval history . 
  britain might still be medieval but ireland was a separate nation before and after british interference . 
  now obviously the loss of empire has been so great as to render a british lumpen like you incapable of accepting a post british world . 
  however we can take one thing from your irish interlude , the art of condescension . 
  you did n't read the link ? 
  not surprising . 
  [ dublin is a viking name ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/why-people-in-iceland-look-just-like-us-1.1104676 ) but your ignorance is entirely warranted if you 're british . 
  there are loads of cultural links between iceland and ireland and the faroe island . 
  it is extremely dull witted to suggest otherwise . 
  no one expects you to able to say every nations name in their own language . 
  food on the go !, 
  yes you do , check your own ordinance survey service . 
  by british people . 
  victoria has n't died . 
  yeah . 
  the week after the vote i was talking with an owner of an irish construction materials company . 
  they said they switched their entire focus towards the usa and the eu . 
  i know the narrative says ireland will be impacted but we 've being growing away from and beyond the uk since eec membership and that trajectory is only going speed up further diversification . 
  deport them to a non eu island like britain . 
  the romans did n't conquer ireland but they did chart it as hibernia . 
  it was the tudor plantations when the term british isles started to be used to include ireland . 
  this was political and not as brits assert a geographical distinction . 
  dutch cartographers of the 16th cen did n't use it and irish name for wales was little britain . 
  the term british in relation to ireland was always political . 
  fucking hell , blood in the water . 
  the next three months are going to be very volatile . 
  i understand but once the eu and uk are in direct communication his role would have been sidelined . 
  i would n't be surprised if that 's the reason he 's quitting , he only be a spare dick at a wedding . 
  an indirect democracy perhaps ? 
  well there 's plenty of good material out there although i find the interwar years the more fascinating . 
  the writings of joseph roth highly illuminating as to what life was like on the streets of berlin in those decades . 
  i thought his description of the nazis parading in berlin was interesting as everyone thought the stark garish colours were a joke , like the circus was in town . 
  sure it elects representatives but to serve under a monarch . 
   please . 
  pretty much everyone apart from the irish will refer to them as the british isles , certainly not some of the terms the irish use . 
  which proves my point . 
  britain is living in the past . 
  if you like books about genocide i highly recommend a book the british author cecil woodham-smith called the great hunger . 
  no , that would be a constitutional democracy whereas the british parliament is sovereign in the uk . 
  would n't his role be redundant after march 31st anyway ? 
  brits still call ireland a british isle so i do have a point . 
  and please do not say its a geographical reference only . 
  if it were it would include the faroe islands and iceland too . 
  geographically they are in europe but spiritually they 're still in 1900 with a global empire separate to europe . 
  perhaps next year it could be more organised , like making a big giant human effigy from 650 cars and setting it on fire burning man style . 
  only in places the cops and media wo n't go . 
  elgin marbles and the great hunger for starters . 
  commonwealth ?
