  enya , yes , she 's ours although she floated away in her castle on a magic cloud years ago and no one has seen her since . 
  well is n't japan more akin to polynesian culture than white european ? 
  yeah , locals only in the costa del pom . 
  appearing british is harder than you think . 
  you 've got to puff out the chest when you 're abroad and maintain this look of furious indignation that spain is full of foreigners !, 
  they identify as british so they should fit right back in when you take them back . 
  but then you announced brexit which threatens the cross border institutions established under the gfa . 
  northern ireland is parked until after 23rd june . 
  the ulster unionists are pro-brexit so if it passes be prepared for the biggest bonfires ever !, 
  ah , the glow !, 
  let me guess , you must be a yank . 
  when i meet a heavily patched canadian i like winding them up by saying things like `` your english is very good '' and `` i love canadian food , tacos are my favorite !, 
  a legal framework is in place for the eu however native title claims are rightfully ongoing around the world . 
  even in northern ireland it 's less than twenty years ago that northern ireland created a framework towards self determination free of claims from the london and dublin governments . 
  the civil rights movements in derry was protesting equal access to public services for native irish . 
  hopefully we wo n't need to use the cromwell manual . 
  do n't want to end up occupying britain for hundreds of years . 
  although you can have louis walsh for free . 
  the romans may be long gone but britain still occupies a part of ireland even after westminster passed the home rule bill for the entire island . 
  not true . 
  before contract law there was oral law . 
  just because cook declared australia to be terra nullius did n't mean it did n't belong to anyone . 
  the colonizers did n't recognized ownership in the same way as the inhabitants did . 
  removing them from their land was theft . 
  you can make up excuses all you want but colonial suppressed native title reasserts itself . 
  king owns the land ? 
  local law could dictate succession regardless of what deals that king made . 
  dutch contract law only works where the dutch backed it by force even if it extinguished native title by force . 
  in other words theft . 
  whose land was it before the dutch arrived ? 
  this deal that the dutch said had , was it a dutch contract , did it comply with the native interpretation of land use and we only have colonist 's word it was nullified . 
  the british used religion to dispossess the native . 
  we know the colonizers word is deceit . 
  absentee landlord , like the british were in ireland when they bleed the country dry . 
  paste white skin , gaa county jerseys , o'neills shorts and usually looking like they 're not sure how to act . 
   actually , the law is not `` white '' because whites have always been a minority on hawaii and every law in the last 70 years went through a legislative body that is not majority white colonization is n't majority rule . 
  apartheid was a minority ruling a majority along racial lines . 
  irelands majority were mostly peasant catholic dispossessed by a mostly protestant english minority of landlords who extracted rents from starving tenant farmers . 
  when the great famine was killing hundreds of thousands these same landlords exported corn from ireland . 
  so your defense of only majorities can be dispossessors is disingenuous and naive at best . 
  newsflash , the catholic church was reintroduced into ireland by the british empire as a bulwark against republicanism . 
  it 's influence has waned to the point where the nation voted for genderless marriage a year ago by 2/1 . 
  however the british still occupy a portion of the island . 
  for everyone or just the whites who miss sitting on everyone else ? 
  how was apartheid civilized for the whole society ? 
  it really depends on how the wealth of hawaii is being redistributed amongst the islands inhabitants . 
  is it fair or are the profits of the tourist trade heading offshore ? 
  are there still large tracts of native land producing profits for non residents ? 
  for the majority times are better than under apartheid . 
   one lady was living alone because her husband , a rabbi , had been killed in his bed . 
  a terrorist had come in through the window and hacked the guy to pieces . 
  you mean someone defending their home kill invaders who have taken their land . 
  so all people who live where west bank settlement are to be built can be classed as terrorists if they defend their land ? 
  what 's their crime , simply being on their ancestral land . 
  my grandfather was a terrorist . 
  he fought the british in the irish war of independence . 
  do you view the irish republic as a terrorist barbaric state ? 
  i think everywhere has different settings and any resemblance to your own situation is subjective . 
  new events can supercede existing arrangements . 
  if not then the queen would still be the head of state for the whole of ireland . 
  the cta may still exist but that does n't preclude a new uk/eu customs border in ireland . 
  any restrictions the uk places on its jobs market for eu citizens will be reciprocated in ireland regardless of the cta . 
  the cta will be the prior arrangement , aspects might remain like visa free travel but much like the act of union in 1800 it will be in the past . 
  just because what once was does n't mean will still be . 
   they generally tend to be ignorant and violent , and their form of `` resistance '' usually involves acts of criminality ( such as theft and vandalism ) or outright violations of the civil right act ( such as denying services to white patrons in public businesses ) . 
  well they had their land stolen by white colonizers so why should they respect any white laws imposed on them ? 
   if they want to politically organize , that is fine and they are free to try to pursue their goals in a peaceful and lawful manner . 
  being peaceful never stopped colonizers stealing native lands . 
   the time to `` defend '' hawaii was over a century ago , the people who are beating up people for the color of their skin today are thugs and racists . . are you saying they would n't have been shot for resisting occupation ? 
  the native america was slaughtered for repelling white man law being imposed by force . 
  you tell a dispossesed people they 're the problem all you want but it 's your laws that were imposed on them . 
  because it 's bloody great when you save a big wedge . 
  if it devalues by a good 20 % after brexit then that mean my euro buys more property !, 
  well i hope it 's reflected in sterling . 
  it was weakening nicely until boris had his godwin moment and since then it 's been strengthening . 
  well it 's when you said `` the longer whites in power pull this shit , the bigger the backlash is going to be '' that i took you believed that the powerful white could control racial tensions willingly . 
  perhaps the day of the white pulling the race control strings is passing . 
  so basically you consider natives to be terrorists akin to isis . 
  were the first nations people of north america terrorists too for defending themselves ? 
  does a white identity rely on other races being less powerful ? 
   luckily there are hardly any of those left . 
  did you not like the natives ? 
  what about the armed checkpoints with army snipers in hedgerows , sniffer dogs , passenger interrogations and vehicle inspections when crossing into northern ireland , did that never ? 
  no border my arse . 
  part of the problem is that the white cultures that invaded and colonized set themselves apart from conquered people . 
  it 's hard to respect a white culture like in the orange free state who believed that the black man was incapable of self government . 
  or the first australian settlements who thought nothing of rounding up the natives and clearing them off their lands because in the eyes of the white man it was not being used . 
  even when the defeated was white like in ireland , there 's no sympathy for the passing of the colonialist culture . 
  but assuming you take the position of the exploitive white boss the initial question is unchanged , `` why does white society hate itself so much ? '', 
  so why does the white boss pay the white worker $ 5 less than non-white worker for the same work ? 
   i do n't know what you do as the place you grew up in , your family lived in for generations and even centuries is overrun . 
  ask the native hawaiians . 
  irish can be from anywhere on the island of ireland . 
  some people , mostly unionists selfidentify as british by descent from the plantations which displaced irish . 
  the quote is n't any less relevant to the topic because of who said it . 
  if you had said it would it be irrelevant ? 
  i 'd rather be unemployed in a sunny climate with great street food than freeze on the dole up north . 
  and you 're a court announcer , so what ? 
  ironically the most vocal anti-abortionists i know are young mothers . 
  if you had grown up with the troubles you 'd appreciate the disruptive potential that brexit could have on this island .
