  when we went bust in ireland we knew we had done it ourselves , nobody forced us to build more houses than we needed . 
  the euro works fine . 
  we do n't blame the euro for the bad lending , regulation and planning that led to our property boom and collapse . 
  we would have needed a bailout like iceland if we were n't in the euro . 
  we do n't need federalism . 
  why would russia attack the country that hides all their corruption money for them ? 
  nissan bluebird was a great car . 
  what i do n't get is the brits who use the flair of the country they currently live in . 
  some voters were n't too hot either like the one that said they did n't realise that voting leave meant actually leaving the eu . 
  i think they got mixed up with big brother . 
  we 're fence sitters . 
  we watch gobshites beat the shite out of each other outside nightclubs in the midlands while eating curry chips . 
  yeah , the usa was like that once . 
  we have kites and we know how to use them . 
  that 's bullshit , greece is the biggest nato spender per head in europe . 
  the correct term is non aligned . 
  we 're not neutral , we are non aligned . 
  in fairness german sausages can stay protected . 
  well i 'll concede this scenario , a more nationalist french politics may make it easier for the uk to rejoin the table if may can persuade the uk electorate of a victory in influencing emigration within the eu ( eu free movement still wo n't be touched but noises about joint non-eu migration policy will make it seem like it has ) at that stage the reality that the brexiters economic promises may not bare fruit for possibly generations , if ever , should be enough for almost everyone to forget about brexit . 
  they 'll feel it in clothes and finished goods as a weakened sterling has to compete with the rest . 
  you 're right about the oil price though . 
  regardless of their skepticism french , holland , austrians and other nationalist movements do n't see the point of leaving the eu . 
  their battle is to influence change whereas the uk voted for apartness . 
  euroskepticism is not all of one hue . 
   lot 's of people and political parties are funded from abroad . 
  as irish you should certainly know that . 
  yes the dublin and monaghan bombers got help from the uk government . 
  it 's all about leverage . 
  the uk accounts for 8 % of eu exports while the eu accounts for 43 % of uk exports , so there certainly lots to gain for those at the table . 
  i heard a polyglot say that they problem solved in german , dreamed in french and communicated in english . 
  actually the uk leaving the eu will actually accelerate the use of english as it will be seen as neutral and not favouring any one large members state . 
  yeah , aside form the slide in sterling it 's still way too early to get a true measure of any brexit effect . 
  i reckon the soonest we 'll get clear figures will be late september . 
  is there a resistance to assisted and independent living development in italy ? 
  less people holidaying abroad perhaps ? 
  plus from what uk importers have said the real impact of weaker sterling wo n't be felt by consumers until the end of the year . 
  there 's been a few on theses forums who thought everyone in the uk was eligible for an irish passport . 
  public services are so as they are unprofitable . 
  teaching children is an investment that only yields later but that 's not an excuse to pay teachers badly . 
  same applied to elderly care . 
  ireland offers a low tax rate whereas other eu nations offer subsidies like with british steel in port talbot . 
  on that logic all public services are unsustainable . 
  it that does n't mean they are not needed . 
  from what i 've read elsewhere spain has benefited from people avoiding tunisia and turkey . 
  some people in the uk watch too much tv from the usa and forget where they live . 
  when you talk about the way currency should work is n't that dependent on personal expectations ? 
  ultimately the euro is a convergence instrument allowing transparency and price stability where previously trade was always uneven because of devaluations , like the one the uk is undertaking now . 
  well in usa history there was plenty of internal displacement , especially during the dustbowl years . 
  well all good intentions aside what is agreed and what the rabid british press will tell the british public will be two entirely different things . 
  we are aware of that too so knowing how toxic the process will likely be negotiations will be kept at a technocratic level . 
  but the eu was supposedly crippling the uk but now it 's free to sail away to greatness . 
  the eu did n't chose to have a referendum . 
  best of luck to the uk as it sets sail to the 18th century . 
  ireland has diversified away from the uk since the 70s , actually brexit will only encourage more rapid divergence . 
  we 've been the ones most exposed to sterling volatility already so its really just more of the same . 
  yes , self deception is n't possible with a shared currency . 
  ok , last offer . 
  uk euro coins can have the queen on them and something about bunches of bananas . 
  can you give me an example of a leadership/organisational change ? 
  i do n't know for how much longer that reserve currency status will last , when traveling around the americas recently it seemed very few places carried sterling whereas euro and dollar were ubiquitous . 
  plus in 08 others were also printing due to the same economic pressures whereas brexit is primarily a uk political event that 's creating a economic displacement that others can work around . 
  yeah but when someone says that it 's under control , how is it under control ? 
  who is controlled the violence , the british government ? 
  what do mean when you say its now under control ? 
  carry a fork to make a set ? 
  then the electorate get the government they deserve . 
  but what about corrupt voters who vote for selfish financial interests ? 
  well the uk were indulged with exemptions and that obviously did n't work . 
  better just knuckle down and get on with competing on a level playing field . 
  we in ireland will be affected but we 'll just have to get on with it . 
  best of luck to the uk as it reenters an age of discovery . 
  well if we 're incapable of choosing our representatives to make important decisions then we really should n't complain . 
  here 's a mad idea . 
  what if people elect representatives in elections that supervise and partake in negotiations to protect national interests . 
  mad i know but has it been tried before ? 
  well when you consider the uk only accounts for 7-8 % of eu exports the impact of brexit will be resoundingly felt within the uk rather the eu . 
  i agree . 
  the populist move backfired . 
  well we saw in greece last year tsipris stalled talks by calling a populist vote on the unfinished negotiation . 
  net result , zero . 
  unless you discount bad feelings generated . 
  the nice treaty could n't go ahead without the irish vote . 
  i know no one who has even mentioned this , where was this poll plucked from , a political science class ? 
  i think on multiples of income to price london surpassed california 08 . 
  was n't the top end of the london market already stalling earlier in year ? 
  brexit will get all the blame but london was a giant bubble ready to burst already . 
  irish catholic bishops sending trainee priests to rome rather than the main irish seminary . 
   [ more generally at the college it is claimed that a core of seminarians are active on the gay app grindr and that some have been engaged in sexual activity with priests of the dublin archdiocese . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/religion-and-beliefs/serious-questions-over-maynooth-seminary-s-future-1.2741879 ), 
  lol , the property bubble and bust was our gig and no one owns it but us . 
  we even gave two fingers to the eu with unsustainable property developments , houses where there no jobs , building on floodplains etc. . 
  as the bigger pharma are international both big german and us players would have a neutral ground in ireland . 
  you get free health care if you 're unemployed or below a certain threshold . 
  immigrants negotiators ? 
  yeah right , you go tell the leave voters that . 
  yeah , the compulsory aspect only builds resentment . 
  the uk imports more than it exports so any initial export boom will be countered by more expensive imports . 
  well if you do venture to nz look for it . 
  its out of a place called greymouth on the south island which was settled by coalminers from ireland and wales . 
  had it , yummy stuff .
