  major bases in the uk , their dublin london routes are their busiest i think . 
  probably more chance of a bail-in before a bail-out . 
  jeremy kyle is n't a great advert for british dental hygiene . 
  believe me , i do not equate paris with the rest of france . 
  number of rooms is meaningless when you consider ireland and the uk have the lowest overall floor space . 
  wow clinton , good thing it was n't during the bush era !, 
  even a friend with fluent french from montreal got abuse for not having the right french !, 
  does n't happen when i 'm elsewhere in france , it 's just a parisian thing that even the rest of france acknowledges about paris . 
   if you go to paris to , above all , relax , then it 's mostly your fault for being ignorant . 
  ignorant ? 
  i do n't think not enjoying the tourist escalator is ignorance . 
  paris has excellent things to offer but its popularity attracts such huge crowds it actually makes choosing paris above many others a regrettable decision . 
  and i 've been there in the off season !, 
  true , but if it only happens in one place then it 's not your problem . 
  because rome is eternal . 
  it can be both beautiful and ugly , noisy and yet contemplative . 
  byron said it best . 
  my country !, 
  city of the soul !, 
  the orphans of the heart must turn to thee , lone mother of dead empires !, 
  and control in their shut breasts their petty misery . 
  what are our woes and sufferance ? 
  come and see the cypress , hear the owl , and plod your way o'er steps of broken thrones and temples , ye !, 
  whose agonies are evils of day -- a world is at our feet as fragile as our clay . 
  i do n't think what you experienced was necessarily anti-american and just basically anti-everyone . 
  i think the reason is heidelberg was the american forces headquarters in west germany after the war , loads of us service personal lived there over the decades . 
  i 'd never go there in peak season . 
  rented an apartment in november for a week and wondered the streets contently without the hoards . 
  it was wonderful . 
  you do realise that algeria was not rule as a colony or dominion but as an actual internal part of france . 
  if you think rome is bad do n't go further south !, 
  true , but bangladesh is packed and crowded too but it does n't draw the tourists like paris does . 
  actually i find rome easy to relax in . 
  i 'm into archeaology so i 'm drawn to lesser visited sites as well as the block busters so generally anytime i go i end up eating or hanging out in local eateries away from the main drag . 
  i found that hard to do in paris . 
  paris . 
  it 's great to see the skyline , the architecture , some of the museums ( whenever they 're not thronged ) but otherwise it 's just one giant tourist trap . 
  go elsewhere in france to relax . 
  certainly not , the uk is only 8 % of eu exports whereas the eu is 43 % of uk exports !, 
  how long will that go on for ? 
  waterford held hurling record holders kilkenny to a draw in the all ireland semi final last weekend but lost the replay last night . 
  galway play tipperary in the other semi final today . 
  tip off is at 3.30 . 
  not really much point though . 
  she can get in other leaders faces but as nothing can be discussed until a50 is officially started or shelved she 'll just come across as a crazy ex-girlfriend who broke up with you but ca n't stop following you around blaming you for making her break up with you !, 
  but it discuss any trade relations before a50 and others nations like the usa said they wo n't talk to the uk until know its relationship with the eu and that could take years . 
  they do n't negotiate with heads of state individually so talking about waiting for other elections is just stalling . 
  the right wing in the eu now clearly see from brexit that breaking away in pointless whereas staying in means influencing decision making . 
  yes we are . 
  ireland is in the eu which represents 43 % of uk exports whereas the eu exports 8 % to the uk . 
   i 'm also concerned with ireland not having any higher court to appeal to stop london selling fracking rights in fermanagh if/when the price of oil goes up again . 
  shit like that can affect the water basins in the south without there being any oversight . 
  good point . 
  ireland has already been in that sector with riverdeep which actually migrated to the usa . 
  do n't really know the current state of online training but ireland is a huge base for english language emersion training as is . 
  yeah , education is looked on here as an investment necessity rather than a privilege . 
  just to be clear , people ca n't languish in education , there has to be a progression for free fees . 
  the big problem now is affording accommodation in dublin where a lot of the courses are . 
  it now makes more sense to study in the eu where rent is cheaper !, 
  they 're all here long enough as established residents to apply for citizenship , there was a good influx of brits in the 00s for the property bubble . 
  it 's a bit of mantra here but growing up education was key , ireland did n't have industrialization so money was ploughed into the sciences to attract multinationals in pharma ( it 's not all about the tax rate ) . 
  computers followed later . 
  the 00s however did create an imbalance though , many left the sciences for trades as the building boom took over the economy ( i have one friend that with a phd in cyber cryptography who became a property developer as there was more money in it ! ) . 
  at it 's height the property bubble employed 15 % and another 7-8 % in support industries so when it burst it was savage . 
  anyway with all the unemployed builders and tradesmen after the bust , those who did n't emigrate to australia and elsewhere mostly went back to education . 
  there was n't going to a rebound in demand for building outside dublin so many went back to free education in areas that fell out of demand like in food sciences , computing etc. . . a lot of our current unemployment is still leftover from the bust , many emigrants ( including myself ) returned in recent years as the economy grows . 
  i 'd already been to uni a few times so a few years abroad in a sunny clime was a nice break from the irish climate . 
  yeah , that 's actually a good comparison . 
  i knew a canadian who told his only role when sent on the ice was as a wrecker !, 
   now i will grant you , this would n't be a problem if the uk was on the euro in the first place , but neither would that above average growth instead of a double dip recession ( which the uk did n't have but the ez did ) . 
  ok i can see your perspective but on the other hand the uk with low unemployment has seen wage stagnation over the same period . 
  i 've plenty of british friends living in ireland who lost their jobs after 08/09 but said being on the dole in ireland made more financial sense than returning to the uk to work !, 
  i 'll take their word for it but with the option of a free return to third level education for the unemployed i can appreciate their choice when education costs # 9,000 a year in the uk . 
  is may saying there 'll be no customs checks between the uk and the eu ? 
   see that 's just my very point , that each country has different needs and responses , so no , i am not saying the uk or any other economy in europe should copy china . 
  now you are at an interesting point . 
  the chinese or anyone else devaluing to suit their economy may be a form of control but sterling being devalued within the greater eu economy is a completely different situation . 
  in the uks instance devaluations within an a much larger economic bloc only ever give temporary respite . 
  producers within the ez create stable supply chains that can overcome any temporary competitive advantage uk producers got from a devaluation . 
   but devaluing your currency makes your economy more competitive , see china . 
  do you really want the uk to go to the really cheap base that china started from ? 
  nearest country , shared border , unavoidable repercussions of brexit etc. 
  having grown up during the troubles i have an extreme dislike of anything that could potentially undermine the peace process . 
  if you ever travelled through an army border checkpoint or seen an orange order march you might understand where i 'm coming from . 
  for the most part mainland uk is oblivious to the danger , the leave campaigners are arrogant fools that think they can dictate new border policy in ireland without consultation and expect there to be no problems . 
  so to recap , brexit could be a fuse . 
  if brexit just involved britain then i 'd say best of luck . 
  when others could n't devalue they had to readjust their economies to be more competitive , the uk just devalued and while it weathered the blowouts in the eurozone it still ended up merely standing still competitively . 
  that 's why the north never felt the supposed recovery and with feeling they 'd nothing to lose they voted for change . 
  the point is that having your currency is n't in itself a superior thing . 
  it really is how you use it . 
  for example the uk devalued its way through 08/09 but also say the lowest wage growth along with greece . 
  do n't forget they can do whatever they want with bunches of bananas . 
  well the sterling devaluation is great , i 'm heading over on a shopping trip next week while things are cheap but i reckon import inflation is going happen a lot quicker this time when compared to 08/09 . 
  on the border , its never not been as issue . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  venezuela has its own currency too and they 're doing great . 
  it would be funny but the uk is a land neighbour and we 'll be directly impacted on the border area . 
  o come on . 
  the uk will make a success of brexit .
