  all the businesses in london that need to be in the eu can transfer to frankfurt , dublin etc. . and all the businesses that need to be in the uk can move there . 
  it 's a win win . 
  as the majority of uk immigrants are non-eu then uk demographics sha n't be affected . 
  mostly uneducated coming from developing countries tend to have large families so the uk is on a winner there . 
  the uk will probably have to compete more for educated emigrants though . 
  science will head for the eu . 
   bloated , corrupt , undemocratic . 
  more democratic than the uk . 
  when we wanted homerule and achieved it , the british parliament suspended it indefinitely . 
  then the uk let the ulster unionist arm themselves from germany against the democratic will of the island !, 
  do n't lecture anyone on democracy . 
  if the good friday agreement is ruined by brexit it will be the uk who 's entirely responsible but knowing from history how the uk works i can see them washing their hands of al responsibility and blaming the eu for ceasefires ending . 
   it 's as much a reflection of population growth than anything else . 
  most of the uk immigrants come from outside the eu so that flow from developing countries will replace eu migrants . 
  plus non-eu migrants tend to have large families so all good for uk numbers . 
  you do n't need educated eu migrants when population growth is your priority . 
  the eu will get on without the uk . 
  ok , you win . 
  they were great songs . 
  we even had an irish girl win for norway !, 
  so many irish in the uk would probably have helped when it was text vote only . 
  but before then when it was a judges vote only the songs were actually alright . 
  we kind of lost interest after winning a load of them . 
  no , i think it was agreed beforehand that australia could choose a host nation in europe if they won which considering its historical would probably be the uk . 
  does this include fixed assets like property as household wealth ? 
  how do greek figures fare when measured for productivity . 
  northern ireland , a part of the uk has harmonised corporate tax rates with the irish republic . 
  actually liechtenstein had 7 times more companies involved in tax evasion in panama . 
  communities in northern ireland still live with the legacy of the 1910s and 1920s so for them it is today . 
  walk those peace walls and tell me it is n't so . 
   the unionists main worry for years was that westminster would abandon them the british parliament passed the home rule bill and the northern unionists armed themselves by buying guns off the germans . 
  a militia arming themselves in canada against their government would n't be viewed favourably i 'd imagine . 
  i have no doubt that you 'll be wearing that grin as the uk leaves the eu . 
   but it makes me laugh when people like just bang on about the potato famine like you have never done anything bad . 
  are you saying the great famine was deserved ? 
  rollovers and maybe even a cyprus style bail-in i reckon . 
  only the rich greek would really be affected as everyone else is used to monetary controls now . 
  the bail-in wil appease the creditor nations . 
   stop pretending your oppressed and living in the past we 're not since we gained independence form the uk . 
   you know , the actual guys doing the pillaging and raping . 
  interesting , are you suggesting we foisted the empire on you ? 
  any particular period , penal laws , 1798 , act of union , the great famine , larne gun run , easter rising , black and tans , war of independence ... etc. . . brexit seems pretty straight forward in comparison , pop down voting booth , vote . 
  no bloodshed . 
  just leave . 
  ( seriously ), 
  if the eu was like the uk then the uk wo n't be able to leave without there being blood . 
  ssh , do n't ruin it . 
   yet even with these tariffs they remain one of the top exporters and fishing remains a massively profitable industry for them . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  but they 're dominant position is being eroded by competition from within the eu . 
  being outside gives the insiders an advantage . 
  plus norway in its protectionism does n't have a monopoly on salmon farming . 
  protectionism is n't stopping the advance of the competition . 
  british industrialist once thought this way and then had the legs cut from under by their competitors !, 
  for the sector they 're facing competition from within the eu the argument against protectionism is actually stronger !, 
  they have to pay tariffs to compete against their eu competitors !, 
  the problem is is that the advances that norway has made in salmon farming can be replicated elsewhere and protectionism ca n't change the growth in competition . 
  this whole tangent started because i mentioned how norwegian salmon exports were facing competition from elsewhere . 
  that fact has n't changed and that competition is happening despite norway being protectionist about its waters . 
  can you now see that the economic argument for protectionism is n't relevant here ? 
  but the type of salmon farming that norwegian companies carry out in scotland can be replicated by scottish companies in norway as it 's not a deep sea issue . 
  therefore this entire tangent has been a waste of time . 
  but to be able to operate in the eu , norway has to allow eu companies to operate in norway , is this not a fact ? 
   because they can , the uk is n't as protectionist about fishing as norway is . 
  but the uk is part of the eu , uk waters are eu waters , no ? 
  `` more bang for your buck '' `` please read instructions carefully , any tampering with sealed components may void warranty '', 
   majority of it the past was too liberal in wording that 's an understatement !, 
  even with the cta there were still border checkpoints , did you ever go through one ? 
  the basis of the gra is that ni would be allowed to develop with support from london and dublin , the eu was an extremely helpful neutral partner in that process . 
  now post brexit means a new customs border and given that the fragility of the peace the whole process could accelerate rapidly backwards if its seen as an escalation away from self determination . 
  just remember , you 've got more peace walls now than during the troubles . 
  i was just wondering , do these explosives have branding on them like `` rira explosive \u00a9 '', 
  ok , answer me this . 
  if eu and norwegian waters are separate then how come norwegian companies make profits in scotland ? 
  how can you say the past is behind for the majority when almost two decades since the gfa you still have over 90 % religiously segregated schooling and even more peace walls since then ? 
  a post brexit reinstatement of border forces could have deadly serious consequences that as in the past could extend to the rest of the uk . 
  it could completely unravel any good work made under the gfa but mainland uk might not appreciate than until its too late . 
  if you still think its all in the past like some feel good movie , then head over to unionist areas in belfast around july 12th and tell me then if everything is in the past . 
  yes you really do need to read more about it . 
  modern salmon farming is not deep sea fishing . 
  in fact a lot happens in fresh water too , which is where a lot of the competition to norway is coming from . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't make sense of the rest of your thoughts . 
  i do n't want to assume that you mean being non eu means all companies are norwegian owned , that 's not how it works . 
  thanks to the eu . 
  do you visit northern ireland much ? 
  their seas would be open to eu fishing , which wo n't affect their existing farmed salmon operations but why would they move profits overseas then if they have n't already done so ? 
  most if not all norwegian salmon is farmed within their own territorial waters so being outside the eu gives them no territorial advantage . 
  plus norway owns salmon farms in scotland so either in or out of the eu profits from the uk operations are heading out of the uk !, 
  if it brings about the dissolution of the united kingdom then yes i am in favour of brexit . 
  market dominance does not necessarily mean profitability , especially if you 're forced to reduce price to beat competitors . 
  that does n't make them immune to competition . 
  you have to ask ? 
  money can buy school but it ca n't buy class . 
  insulting people does nothing to promote your opinion . 
  attacking the poster only undermines any argument you might have . 
   not being happy with how the eu works does n't mean you want to end it though . 
  well said . 
  even norway 's who 's outside the eu ca n't compete with salmon producers within the eu . 
  you said  however the biggest issue when it comes to tax avoidance are countries like ireland, 
  you said .
