  yeah , so what . 
  irelands largest single biggest export destination nation is non-eu as it is . 
  what 's your point ? 
  irish exports to the uk are only 12 % and irish producers will be relieved to lose a rival which undercuts them with currency devaluations . 
  i guess the british desire to recreate blackpool in spain does exhibit very low expectations . 
  what 's crazier is their average visit time is pretty tight , they seem to treat being abroad like a visit to a theme park and us residents are extras on set supposed to conform to stereotype . 
  i gave up chatting with yanks in ireland as a conversation usually ended with being lectured on the evils of the whoever is in power bush/obama/trump or why us europeans should be doing more to fight every existential threat that they invent . 
  i think they 're very informative and illuminating . 
  nice change from the mostly anglosphere media posts . 
  he has talked protectionism , i 'll grant you that . 
  liberal in europe is generally more associated with economic laissez faire . 
  full of iron . 
  years ago you 'd get a free big bottle after donating blood . 
  they 're reading the trump pumping playbook . 
  libertyfighter.uk ? 
  seriously ? 
  very trumpesk . 
  yip , i think some in the uk are starting to realise that brexit as reported via the irish eye is probably the best alternative to their own left/right punch and judy media . 
  wow !, 
  did brussels ask the uk to call the referendum ? 
  it 's like reporting on a game as a triumph for one team when the other side keeps putting the ball in their own net . 
  bulshit anglosphere media . 
  ok , think i got it now . 
  could you explain that please ? 
   their official language in the eu is irish . 
  irish and english are the two legal languages of the republic , it can use either in the eu . 
   it would make things quite difficult for the irish border if there is no irish passport , for a start . 
  all citizens of northern ireland are entitled to an irish passport so no problem there . 
  obviously there 'll be those bitter cargo-culture british nationalists who 'll never touch such a vile papist pamphlet !, 
  i 've spoken to a ukip candidate and really i could n't fault his argument . 
  he does n't care about the economic damage as what 's important for him is not having to compromise on anything with anyone . 
  people just ca n't appreciate that many kippers really do care about their country but economics is not their priority . 
  it 's mad to think europe had a quarter of the worlds population a century ago . 
  the uk wants its cake and to eat it too . 
  is n't the royal title only over the vatican ? 
  otherwise he 's still ceo of rcc inc. 
   though i understand the uk would like access to the schengen database of known `` interesting people '' . 
  tough shit . 
  but the uk did n't want to join it so another assertion needing research before posting . 
   but it has made my point quite well : that nations have unique situations that mean that universal integration does n't always work . 
  could you point out where you made that point before ? 
  not being in schengen has n't stopped ireland from integrating , infact it was schengen nations like germany and france that restricted eu freedom of movement for eastern europeans while ireland did n't . 
  surely that devalues your point about schengen being important for eu integration . 
  you really should read up about it more before posting . 
  seriously , do you really believe that irelands schengen status and the northern ireland peace process are unrelated ? 
   it does n't matter what the reason is . 
  3.000 dead , many fled , a region under constant military patrol . 
  multinational ceo living on donations lectures world . 
  i think he must spend too much time in the map rooms in the vatican . 
   schengen is part of the eu integration you say everyone should follow , yet ireland themselves are not , that is my point . 
  the only reason for irelands absence from schengen is the peace process . 
  all eu governments know this and after people and money , the partial occupation of ireland by a non-eu nation is foremost in the brexit negotiations . 
  as it stands the irish government has issued passport cards compliant with the schengen area requirements so ireland is a defacto participant . 
  ireland does check everyones id landing in irish ports and spot checks in cross border areas , however denmark reinstated identity checks at its broders so ireland is not out of step with schengen practice . 
  not being in schengen has n't restricted freedom of movement so i do n't see what your point is . 
  in fact per head ireland has more eu citizens than the uk . 
  we 're sharing our load regarding the refugee crisis , the problem we 're actually having is being undersubscribed by refugees who prefer to be nearer the larger communities . 
  that 's very understandable , the irish forced out of their country by british tyranny tended to stick to together in the places they sought refuge . 
  as i said ireland is in line with a common defense force . 
  what it has exempted itself from is imperial expeditionary misadventures that create refugee crises . 
  ireland has the core competencies but overall the differences are getting less . 
  for example the euro is increasingly accepted in sweden and a common defense force is in line with irelands constitution . 
  ireland currently relieves france of un duties when it 's involved in military expeditions outside the eu . 
  well i ca n't see a reason for federation when the current situation works for its committed members . 
  the half arsed can join the uk . 
  it 's working right now , the uk is leaving . 
  if it had been a federal system we would have ended with an eu civil war . 
  at least now the trouble is being ejected . 
  strengthen common competencies but keep it voluntary so any troublesome members can leave , like the uk is doing . 
  i think its voluntary nature makes it stronger than a union where some members feel there 's no exit . 
  it really seems that despite all the advances in science and medicine , humanity ca n't help but devise some way to bring about a cull that nature used to provide with disease and famine . 
  michael give has aired his papist suspicions about may . 
  edit for michael gove !, 
  she started the plantations in ireland too in what was called queens county with maryborough as its main town , known today portlaoise in county laois . 
  whenever i 'm living abroad and am watching ireland play rugby or soccer in one of our many global embassies ( pubs ) , it often happens that after the final whistle is blown on a victory the whole room spontaneously bursts into singing the chorus . 
  its always a beautiful moment and reminds that ireland is more than a place , its a state of mind , a global perspective that reminds me that we were once starved to death while supposedly being in the wealthiest nation on earth . 
  there 's enough for everyone in this world but never enough for greedy nations . 
  the truth is and this auld ukip codger agreed with me , the uk , well england really , after centuries of having its own way does not want to be held to agreements with anyone . 
  simple , that 's it and that 's why brexit is n't working . 
  it ca n't . 
  but it didnt matter if the uk gets poorer , he admitted it . 
  what was paramount to him was splendid isolation . 
  no one interfering in any way . 
  its fitting that ian paisley 's dup are in power now , his motto was always `` no surrender '' . 
  ah for sake why do brits keep making excuses for what they really think ? 
  i was only chatting today with an old codger who twice stood for ukip and when i told him i totally understood why he did it he was shocked . 
  he fished for more but i told him we did brexit in ireland a century ago and would n't begrudge him the same privilege !, 
  he lost enthusiasm for banging his brexit drum after that !, 
  yes , but everyday they roll out another howler for everyone to collectively say wtf , like today the new brexit negotiator who believes the whole eu should just be torn down , you know , just to suit the uk . 
  regardless of the result this will still be an internal spanish matter until it affects the internal eu market and then spain will be required to find a democratic solution . 
  catalan independence is actually in keeping with a europe of regions and in the shake up is generally a positive development . 
  the only problem with all that is having to meet third party standards . 
  for example the uk meets processing standards for the beef it sells to the eu but should it be found that the uk passes on cheaper beef from elsewhere that would otherwise be banned in the eu , then the whole uk sector could be shut down rather than just the one or two corrupt producers . 
  politically the uks beef producing rivals within the eu can quarantine uk produce at will which it does already with other nations like argentina . 
  the same argument holds across all sectors . 
  any substandard and defective produce could instantly shut whole sectors of the uk economy out of the eu/eea market . 
  edit to add . 
  in fisheries your greatest rival norway could do the same to shut the uk out of the market too or at least severely curtail uk fish trade . 
  sicilians use the car horn to signify who got there first , took me ages to figure this out and to stop driving by silly road rules . 
  they have signs banning honking during siesta .
