  i remember the extortionate racket aerlingus had on flights to the uk , once ryanair turned up suddenly aerlingus were able to offer affordable fares . 
  prior to ryanair the budget option to the uk was a ferry . 
  i was pricing flights from south america to dublin and the aerlingus leg from madrid to dublin was costing $ 300 , i simply booked a ryanair flight for $ 30 from madrid to dublin , same time leaving from the same airport and and arriving at the same airport !, 
  i 'd only ever use aerlingus for trans-atlantic but even then i hate being reminded of how much they were knowingly fleecing us before . 
  do n't forget that currency devaluation is considered another form of default . 
  yeah , as they 're outside the eu they 're more dependent on subcontinent growth . 
  australia and canada as hard commodity exporters are suffering falling chinese demand . 
  what are going to do when india and pakistan demand free movement of labour alongside trade , run back to the eu ? 
  best of luck with that . 
  haha , that made me laugh !, 
  even the straight black americano ? 
  yeah , substituting the eu with pakistan , india , and the rest of the commonwealth is going to go down well with the average ukip voter . 
  probably the most important thing to come out of this election is that for the first time the two centre right monoliths of irish politics , fianna fail and fine gael make up less than 50 % of the vote . 
  i remember when they 'd take well over 80 % !, 
  it 's a huge gain for independents although a few of those split from the main parties but it 's still an important new dimension which will hopefully encourage a meaningful centre left opposition . 
  byelection where lowry 's seat will be filled by either family or groomed successor . 
  lowry , the healy raes and other independents will make their shopping lists now , all they 're waiting for it is fianna fail to name a venue and they 'll turn up with their demands . 
  back during the troubles in northern ireland being irish in america got a lot of attention from the ladies . 
  they 'd hear something on the news about irish fighting the brits for freedom and that would slot right into their own historical narrative . 
  got a lot of free drinks back then , even the cops ignored i was underage in a bar , `` he 's ok , he 's from ireland '' . 
  when i told them i was heading home i was even given money `` for the cause '' . 
  just to be clear i never claimed to be caught up in it , i was from south and had never been in northern ireland but the american evening news coverage at that time did n't even show a border when covering the conflict . 
  wow , remembering the days when fg and ff would get 80 % combined i never thought i 'd see the day that figure fall below 50 % . 
  it does feel like the start a centre left era although plenty of those independent candidates are ff/fg castoffs but there is definitely a clear opening like i have n't seen before . 
  even the biggest credit splurge in the history of the state overpassed tipperary town . 
  it really feels like an exhibit piece of a regional victorian era agricultural town . 
  good summation . 
  well done . 
  farage criticizes collective failures of decisions made by cooperating states but the only solution he offers is a unilateral withdrawal from combined decision making . 
  even worse , his drive for uk independence would make it at best an eu dominion having to accept decisions that it has no say in if it wants to retain its current economic advantages . 
  yeah , martin and kenny could start a fight over who sits where at the commemoration !, 
  thanks . 
  i did n't know much about how it worked in poland but i really enjoyed working with polish crews , very hard working and good fun too . 
  two main big parties fg and ff are traditionally centre right , labour and sf would be left . 
  after that there 's a sprinkling of smaller parties and a good lot of independent non party candidates expect to be elected . 
  fg and ff have dominated irish politics since the foundation of the state but for the first time they might be forced into a coalition , that 's big news here and it will mean that for the first time ever the opposition will be mostly centre left . 
  no party is truly euroskeptic like in the uk and elsewhere but two hot topics circulating would be abortion legislation and public school patronage by the catholic church . 
  there is a another hot topic about water charges but people seem to be getting jaded of that . 
  they 've both had corrupt members , ff probably predominate more as they 've been in power longer but fg gave us lowry who in turn was very helpful to denis o'brian . 
  both have been populist to get elected , remember noonan promising to compensate eircom shareholders for not profiting ? 
  and then ff had a finance minister who bragged about `` the cheapest bailout in history '' . 
  ultimately the people get the government they deserve but thankfully there 's a growing appetite for a more varied menu . 
  scotland : deep fired mars bar . 
  fianna fail had a gun running leader !, 
  from many peoples perspective fg and ff are interchangeable , if fg had won the election in 06 they 'd be the ones blamed when the property bubble collapsed and took the banks with them . 
  personally i actually welcome a fg/ff coalition as for the first time since the foundation of the state it would finally give irish politics a mostly centre left opposition . 
  in the common travel area between the uk and ireland there 's unrestricted access to each others welfare systems , i can even vote in brexit if i move to the uk and am registered to vote in time !, 
  yeah , it really shows up those claiming there 's welfare tourism . 
  even as an irish citizen i had to go through a rigourous audit by irish social welfare after i 'd been outside the eu for three years . 
  it was the polish who told me when they moved to ireland for work during the construction boom . 
  i do n't if they could carry over their own benefits from poland but there was definitely a waiting period . 
  the only way they were entitled to irish unemployment benefit was if they had worked up 26 weeks contribution which i think is fair . 
  when i thought i was going to lose my job i looked into moving to another eu country on my irish unemployment benefit and at that time i was allowed something 3-6 months . 
  actually here 's a link although there 's a lot of info in it . 
  i think in ireland you 're allowed to carry your irish unemployed benefit to another eu state for a limited period to aid finding work . 
  new workers to ireland are n't entitled to anything until they 've been resident in ireland for two years which i think seems fair . 
  lower oil is certainly a big worry for sa , it 's been suggested that those big military exercises the us conducted last year in their more arid states were in preparation for an imploding sa . 
  if there is a date underneath the red x it could mean that that 's the date your visa will expire . 
  for now but i 've seen markets been amalgamated in the 80s on the us , but then again it has n't has n't happened here so much . 
  thanks for your perspective . 
  no , we just need to lose a few pounds . 
  look , i do n't know what say here that makes it clear . 
  stock exchanges can be bought out lock , stock and barrel . 
  it 's happened lots of times in the us . 
  the business can migrate and its customers can follow . 
  yeah ok . public services can be great for widespread savings but specialist treatment still needs the cash . 
  best of luck and i hope you get what ever help you need . 
  since 2000 actually . 
  meh , what you save in taxes you end up paying more directly liek just basic healthcare and education . 
  stock exchanges are bought out all the time , the chinese own a load around the world . 
  but for the lse themselves they see a renewed opportunity . 
  besides trading is increasingly migrating online . 
   now you 're trying to imply the company that operates the london stock exchange has merged with deutsche borse due to a weak pound . 
  i do n't believe the renewed interest is intent on escaping the pound but to hedge against uncertainly in the uks relationship with the second largest trading bloc in the world . 
  i 'm trying to get a handle on the likelihood of a brexit vote because due to a few offers from the uk i may be moving there for a three year stint and i see opportunities to personally benefit from the volatility . 
  as you can see i have to probe and prod as much as possible to measure the risks . 
  as gbp weakens near the vote it 's a great boost to my purchasing power for property in the uk . 
  if the vote is for staying then gbp will bounce and i 've bagged a nice gain which i can put towards property . 
  if leave wins then the gbp i 'm holding will get weaker but confidence may hit the property market which in the end is in my favour as i can be paid in euros . 
  a leave vote is potentially a great opportunity for carpetbagging . 
  actually it 's funny you mention that , the rcc was reintroduced and paid for by the british government as a bulwark against french revolution inspired revolt in ireland . 
  similar idea to this story . 
  obviously not , the lse has been the jilted bride a few times already but this brexit has brought a shotgun into the equation . 
  grabs popcorn . 
  considering ukip polled third in the last election on a big increase on their previous outing i reckon the trend is for leaving . 
  i would n't have thought it before the last election but when you factor in how many tory voters are euroskeptics and add in the few labour voters it would be enough . 
  plus even if scotland swings the vote for staying , if its a majority for leaving in england and northern ireland then what 's to say there 'll wo n't be another vote !, 
  i 'd imagine lower energy costs have a major part to play there . 
  it will depend on where their main business is . 
  dublin has loads of brass plate offices of london banks for their eurozone operations , if brexit complicates profit repatriation some companies will list in their more profitable market . 
  yeah but imports get expensive too , any advantage from currency weakness is soon devoured by inflation as was seen after 08/09 . 
  i agree , it 's pushed the london stock exchange back to merger talks with european partners as a plan b. 
  maybe not for some but for others volatility is opportunity . 
  at least the gbp can weaken to help offset potential economic shocks . 
  it 's been making a good hissing sound against the euro and usd since cameron announced the date . 
  northern ireland will be interesting . 
  the good friday agreement allows for the territory to make it 's own determination . 
  economically it needs to be in the eu but politically a good portion would rather eat corgi food . 
  i think the business will gravitate towards the border , any northern ireland citizen can apply for an irish eu passport . 
  use the loopholes and you can effectively pay zero tax in france .
