  imitation is the ultimate compliment . 
  why does the eu have to be about nationalistic power plays , there are regional economies too but not being in the eurozone you might not appreciate that . 
   after reading some of the comments on here i have realized the majority of the members are pro-eu to a point that the simple fact of opposing their views guarantees you massive downvotes and more rarely even comment deletion if the comment is a bit too direct / '' offensive ' . 
  do you really expect people to up-vote opinions they do n't agree with ? 
  good point . 
  but the leave campaign have a contingency currency in the lumps of coal !, 
  but the leave side said the uk could just print as much money as it needs . 
  sorted : not . 
  the only region i can see the uk make exception for is northern ireland , and that would be just to help the good friday agreement , which michael gove is against . 
  did he mention the war ? 
  they seem to be well met . 
  this must be a bogus interpretation , a real german headline would say `` please leave punctually '' . 
  what about trashing english fans gave lansdowne road stadium ? 
  hey , if you 're feeling sore about it you ca n't blame others benefiting from brexit . 
  the uk wanted a separate currency regime so you have to suck it up when speculators cash in . 
  why does the uk produce a calibre of violent football supporter not commonly found amongst other nations ? 
  a world war ? 
  more like a general civil disturbance contained to the uk . 
  however just like during the marching season in the past the irish republic may well have to host refugees escaping turbulence in the uk . 
   it was a majority and a hung parliament was seen as a certainty explain to me how these two states exist at once . 
  [ nope , they were on it !, 
  ] ( http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/19723fa2-2dbe-11e6-bf8d-26294ad519fc.img ), 
  nah , the polls can be partisan but the bookies generally are n't and they got the last election right . 
  in fairness a handfull of irish brought the boom to canary wharf 20 years ago , you 're welcome . 
  no doubt some will but it will be weakened if london ca n't be a trade centre in the eu . 
  there 's a lot of businesses that can migrate to another eu bases . 
  well whether it 's legally binding or not , it can be ignored . 
  irish home rule was signed off , passed by the king yet it was suspended . 
  i reckon betfair is probably the clearest marker as it 's people betting directly against eachother . 
  well he has done well on currency speculation and brexit has provided good opportunity . 
   so is the uk not worried the eu will retaliate with tariffs , restricting non-passport movement , and such ? 
  retaliate ? 
  you mean reciprocate . 
  if modern means verifiable recorded history then ireland lost half its population under direct british rule in the 19th century . 
  while the populace starved corn was been shipped out of irish ports . 
  in the week after boris had his `` because hitler '' brainfart , oddschecker had brexit go to 5/1 and remain go out to 1/6 . 
  it seems that now we 're into the last hurdles when all the economic arguments fall away to pure sentiment and that 's driving the tightening odds . 
  it 's been a great run for currency speculation . 
  well there chinese market continues to grow , they 're making new inroads ( pardon pun ) into south america too . 
  german car makers biggest threat is a disruptor technology . 
  i heard of erdogan 's speech against contraception and it really reminded me of everything i heard of the develara era in ireland . 
  [ unemployment rate dropped to below 8 % four years after it peaked at nearly 15 % in 2012 . 
  there is such a thin as welfare state capitalism . 
  actually spanish sun tourism generally tends to be where there had n't been much of a population beforehand . 
  surely the leave campaign would rather these pensioners spend their money in the uk rather than eu ? 
  i would imagine a post brexit sterling devaluation would reduce the purchasing power of uk pensioners in spain and increase the cost for the nhs to pay for their medical care there . 
  it 's hard to believe there wo n't be some serious repercussions . 
   i am not anti-eu either and we need more stringent immigration to save our public services . 
  forget immigration , more investment in your education system would actually reduce your need to import vital services . 
  i 've met plenty of yanks on my travels with excellent spanish . 
  do you think yourself incapable ? 
  we vote everyday when we make personal choices , it is assumed that government elections be given the same personal interest . 
  but they vote them in !, 
  why are greeks so reluctant to fund their own services , do n't they realise that taxes have to be levied to provide common services ? 
  also add the threat of a return of northern ireland troubles to all uk cities . 
  it 's only twenty years since the canary wharf and manchester bombings . 
  brexit happens , businesses that need to be in the eu relocate elsewhere . 
  end of . 
  teah , i know a few italians and spanish who love the climate in ireland , it 's never too hot in summer or too cold like central europe . 
  all you 've to your name is insults . 
  it 's a pity the british empire ca n't uphold its own democratic commitments . 
  britain promised home rule but facilitated partition intentionally . 
  native hawaiians may feel more cultural affinity towards the asians that tbradley mentioned before you jumped into this thread . 
  remember pacific civilization spread west to east , not east to west . 
  the four main branches of polynesian cultures have a common branch in what is now taiwan . 
  [ here 's an interesting piece on it ] ( http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2008/01/080117-polynesian-taiwan.html ), 
  really ? 
  but there was a whole ireland under british rule . 
  indeed britain treated it a distinct whole separate entity to britain and the colonies . 
  adam smith will explain . 
   the policy of commercial restriction has probably never been used with more cruelty or more disaster than it was used against the people of ireland between the restoration and the union . 
  they were not allowed to trade as they would with great britain or her colonies , because they were aliens , and they were not allowed to trade as they would with foreign countries , because they were british subjects . 
  there were various industries they had special advantages for establishing , but the moment they began to export the products the english parliament , or their own irish parliament under english influence , closed the markets against them . 
  living in an excellent grazing country , their first great product was cattle , and the export of cattle was prohibited . 
  when stopped from sending live meat , they tried to send dead , but the embargo was promptly extended to salt provisions . 
  driven from cattle , they betook themselves to sheep , and sent over wool ; that was stopped , allowed , and stopped again . 
  when their raw wool was denied a market , they next tried cloth , but england then bargained for the suppression of the chief branches of irish woollen manufacture by promising ireland a monopoly of the manufacture of linen . 
  other infant industries which gave signs of growing to prosperity were by the same means crushed in the cradle , and ireland was in consequence never able to acquire that nest-egg of industrial capital and training which england won in the eighteenth century . 
  all this systematic oppression of national industry had produced its natural fruit in a distressing scarcity of employment , and in 1778 , though it was a year of plenty , and meal was at its cheapest , many thousands of the population were starving because they had not the means to buy it ; the farmers were unable to pay their rents because they got such poor prices ; processions of unemployed paraded the streets of dublin carrying a black fleece in token of their want ; and the viceroy from the castle warned the english ministry that an enlargement of the trade of ireland had become a matter of the merest necessity , without which she could never pay her national obligations to the english exchequer . 
  britain 's mistreatment of ireland reached its inevitable nadar during the great famine when the british sent travelyan who said . .  `` the judgement of god sent the calamity to teach the irish a lesson , that calamity must not be too much mitigated . 
  ... the real evil with which we have to contend is not the physical evil of the famine , but the moral evil of the selfish , perverse and turbulent character of the people '' . 
  when persecuting ireland to the point of penury and starvation ireland is united but when britain see something it wants suddenly ireland gets divided . 
  it 's just a continuance . 
  well i was n't thinking along religious lines , on diet alone they have more in common than with white european . 
  they were part of our country . 
  the british created the partition by not upholding democracy . 
  all it says is british is n't democratic . 
  if brexit happens , what to say vested interests wo n't park it like they did home rule ? 
  the vote for home rule was passed through westminster in 1914 . 
  the uvf armed themselves against the democratic will with guns brought in from germany . 
  the national vote in 1918 returned a majority of ireland in favour of irish independence yet the british government failed to uphold democracy . 
  the vote for leaving was passed but betrayed by westminster . 
  i 'm sorry , you ok with displacing existing residents by force ? 
  not sure if reference is intended to be kinky . 
  yeah , no . 
  i would n't make the mexican food in spain mistake !, 
  yeah , i 'm a bit disappointed to be honest . 
  we try hard to live large when out and about in europe but we still get viewed through a 1950s darby o'gill and the little people snowglobe spectrum . 
  just to clarify , the kelly family may have an irish name but they originated in the usa . 
  they 're hardly known in ireland beyond being constantly mistaken for a comedy sketch of themselves !,
