  this may not happen but it is one possible scenario . 
  maybe they 'll introduce letters on peoples homes , r for remain voter , l for leave voter and f for foreigner . 
  actually you are right in that you can get to the highest office but another citizenship must be dropped once you 've access to military defense . 
  did n't the brexiteers say getting trade negotiaters would n't be a problem as they 'd hide from all over the world !, 
  are you saying that the brit off the plane with no skills is superior to the polish experienced professional who gets above industry standards rates ? 
  you 're right , we do n't like british immigrants to ireland who call themselves expats , we think they 're full of shit . 
  so a polish person hired to work in the uk is an expat but a brit off the plane looking for a job in spain is an immigrant . 
  thanks , very helpful . 
  so brits who seek australian citizenship or residency rights are immigrants but polish and irish workers in the uk are expats , got it . 
  thanks . 
  brits seem to have a dislike for eu expats so tough if you do n't like it . 
  immigrant . 
  i 've worked in the usa , australia and a few other eu countries but i was always an irish immigrant . 
  i had options to settle to settle but i 'd never be anything but irish . 
  i only recall hearing the term expat used by brits and aussies . 
  funnily in new zealand i heard immigrant used more than expat . 
  make of that what you will . 
  i tell one thing , you 'll be hard pushed to find an irishman describe himself as british no matter how long they are there . 
  except bob geldof , you can have him and please take louis walsh . 
  soros put money on remain this time . 
  he could be getting burned rotten now but he wo n't advertise that . 
  fat finger is a human error though . 
  so how to put breakers in forex for gbp ? 
  yeah but the damp makes is feel colder !, 
  why do brits call immigrants ex-pats ? 
  resort to insults , says more about you . 
  the new notes are plastic so they should float . 
  nah , he betted against brexit . 
  the best way forward would be to offer gibraltar citizens spanish citizenship so they can stay in the eu . 
  obviously this can only apply to full time residents of at least ten years to avoid gibraltar being used as a back door . 
  respect other cultures you say . 
  that 's tedious . 
  would tell those who lost family in the 2004 tsunami that they should have known that area is prone to earthquake and that they should n't complain . 
  seriously , down to the pub with you . 
  the bore stool is cold . 
  the pub called , its missing its bore . 
  wow . 
  this fucker wrote ireland off . 
  the brits could n't kill us stieglitz !!!, 
  ... by reality !, 
   honestly , if you are annoyed by buddhist prayers , i think the point you 're missing is he did n't know they even religious . 
  as you well know from traveling there not everything loud is religious , their love of american country and western music was n't exactly something does n't chime with preconceived western notions of bhuddism , neither does their treatment of their non-bhuddist minorities . 
  damn , thats where she went wrong . 
  i 've got to come to the guys defence . 
  they belt out buddhist chanting on loudspeakers at 6am . 
  the first i looked out a window to see what was happening there was no one around yet this bloody chanting was cracking away goodo . 
  another time on an overnight bus at 4am the bhudddist prayers were put on full blast . 
  its weird because before midnight they were showing ultra violence japanese slasher movies on the bus dvd . 
  in his defence he may not have known it was a religious event . 
  i was in a hotel in yangon and i was awoken at 6am by the worse noise being fed through loudspeakers on a stage set up on the street directly across from the hotel . 
  i looked and there was no one there , no one on the street even but this load noise continued til 8am . 
  but i made a note after that to never stay in a hostel or hotel where there are these stages nearby . 
  and they were very common . 
  is was easy to presume they had nothing to do with religion as they 're not near a temple . 
  an ireland abstention wo n't be a siding with the uk . 
  if the uk pulls out of the echr which underpins the good friday agreement then the republic will have reason to vote against the uk . 
  my granny told me once that bad shit can happen in the future . 
  where 's her nobel prize ? 
  multinationals . 
  local expenses vary . 
  the uk has seen wage growth as low a greece since 08 . 
  the threads on that were floating about a few weeks if you 're interested . 
  another factor is lifestyle . 
  it 's not like they have to save up for that dream sun holiday . 
  you do n't know the work they were doing . 
  stop projecting your own assumptions . 
  you know what , its all our fault . 
  we made the uk vote for brexit , we pushed it on them , gave them no choice . 
  well i 'm sure theyll be thanking us when they make a success out of it . 
  sail away . 
  back up , we are not responsible for the toxicity of uk media , the uk fptp voting system that makes elections more about two sides rather than constructive compromise and we certainly not responsible for the uk dropping out of the erm . 
  back up , i and and fellow eu citizens did n't vote in this . 
  what ever it turns out to be ultimately it seems sovereignty is a priced deemed paying . 
  how 's that measured is another scale . 
  like no body seems to have much influence on north korea , even chinas words go unheeded . 
  but obviously sovereignty is absolute on the scale . 
  measured in sovereignty i have no doubt the uk will male a success of it . 
  hey if you see only upside then there 's nothing to argue . 
  best of luck , glad you took back control . 
  got numbers for eu ( not non-eu ) for the last three months ? 
  as it stands the many poles are heading home as unemployment falls there . 
  we 're seeing here in ireland . 
  of course we do n't have your colonial immigration to consider . 
  then tiny countries band together and say , `` that 's right bitches , we left the fridge plugged out '' . 
  passporting rights ? 
  it just reads like brits are going to punish these students more for funding its education system with their international fees !, 
  what sadism . 
  were coming to the uk . 
  got to be honest , looking in from the outside there 's plenty of options around europe . 
  my nephews have already worked in portugal , austria and denmark and they told me they passed up the uk because the money was shite in comparison . 
  things are changing . 
  well england has had a civil war before , although i think scotland would sooner rebuild that wall that let a uk civil war happen . 
  it 's the trend that 's important and the uk finance industry which produces 1 in 6 # is under threat . 
  but europe is a voluntary union , is it not . 
  malta could do as the uk does . 
  well argentina was fifth once too , and they had a harrods . 
  it is n't . 
  you will note that this is gdp in usd terms , and that the uk economy is not currently shrinking . 
  unless you 've missed it the british pound has been falling against the us$ for a while now , this last week was a new 31 year record . 
  there probably a few links to it still floating around .
