  no one is being held against their will and the uk is proving that !, 
  that 's the strength of it . 
  it 's a take it or leave arrangement . 
  it 's actually the likes of the brexiteers who complained most about it not federalized . 
  sure greece wants a federal state so it can live off everyone else but it can fuck right off . 
  the union is stronger than a federation , the wasters can be cut loose . 
  but they will be a sovereign state in a union of sovereign states . 
  the uk is not comparable to the eu . 
  even the most irish nationalist sein fein are pro-eu membership . 
  look the eu cant realign to suit greece and greek suffering ca n't be allowed to continue indefinitely . 
  they 're real people and need respect . 
  greece 's membership is n't working and its best that everyone accept that and move on . 
  the uk felt its eu membership did n't work for them and are leaving and greece really should do the same . 
  they wo n't be without options , turkey and egypt are in their immediate neighbourhood . 
  it just has n't worked out . 
  but the established narrative is that eu obligations are killing greece so releasing greek from the eu is humanely the best thing . 
  only sadists would think otherwise . 
  but it is up to the greek to decide or are you so arrogant towards greek people that you deem them incapable of self rule ? 
  scotland voted to remain in the eu but are being dragged out because scotland is part of the uk which voted 52 % overall to leave the eu . 
  scotland now feels it has as just a case for breaking away from the uk . 
  now you insult an entire nation by calling their ancient currency garbage . 
  i 'm all for greece 's liberation . 
  greece and the eu are a mismatch like the uk . 
  greece should return to the drachma so it can print its way out of austerity like the uk does . 
  still insulting people . 
  no winning arguments perchance or would i be speculating to think you capable . 
  maybe you should have googled what speculate means before you misapplied it . 
  it 's easier to insult someone than admit your error . 
  that 's what you do about things you do n't know , you speculate !, 
  you ca n't speculate about thing you do know . 
  it could be ukip for all we know . 
  who 's paying for his publicity , russians ? 
  the euro is killing greece because everyother country is selfishly not allowing the euro to be printed so that greek politicans can meet their pay promises . 
  the purchasing power downside of hyperinflation can be blamed on the eu but ultimately greeks will have the power to make themselves drachma millionaires again and that 's what 's most important to them and if you cared about them at all you 'd support a return to their fun money . 
  the euro has been a humiliation . 
  every thing use to have loads of zeros in the price but the stupid impractical euro made everything seem smaller and not as impressive . 
  seriously , greece is a sunny place and deserves a fun volatile currency . 
  are you joking ? 
  the euro is killing greece . 
  have you been ignoring that narrative ? 
  besides it 's greece who are right to get rid of us with our stupid reform demands . 
  that 's nothing to a world that created the word chaos !, 
  why are you so negative about greece . 
  the eu has a great future without it . 
  and the more teresa may opens her mouth about scotland the more it increases the likelihood . 
  let 's see how he improves greek transparency , like how much tax their shipping magnates pay and then we 'll see . 
  yes . 
  all of us in the eu failed to reform in a manner that suited greece which is why it 's unfair to ask them to hang unto us anymore . 
  we can still go there on holidays . 
  you might n't care about greece but i do , i really do . 
  they 've been so wronged by our insistence that they do such silly things as reforms . 
  greece is the birthplaces of democracy and the eu just is n't democratic enough for greece . 
  if the people want to print as much money as they need then who should stop them . 
  in solidarity with the greek people i say bring back the drachma of ancient times and let all of their demands be met by the money printing press !, 
  they 've been a member for four decades . 
  might as well burn cash in the back than give it to greece . 
  that 's it exactly . 
  the euro just does n't work for greece so a return of the drachma is the most sensible solution to this mismatch . 
  the drachma will solve all of greece 's problems and all its euro problems will be gone . 
   either we fix the issue in greece or kick them out . 
  that 's a very confrontational attitude and unfortunately the root cause of all of greece 's problems . 
  everytime we interfere we actually only make greece 's problems worse . 
  and freeing them of their debt obligations is not kicking them out , it just not insisting that they continue with us . 
  they can bring back their drachma and print as much as they need to pay their domestic obligations . 
  they asked us politely to reform to suit their needs and well we politely told we could n't so really there 's nothing more to do but a raise glass to the better times like their just in time olympics , to their zero taxed shipping magnates and to the hundreds of thousands guest workers from asia they use even though they 've very high unemployment . 
  that 's their way and it should be cherished just as other nations cherish fiscal responsibility . 
   conversely i think the eu is as to blame for the situation n greece . 
  i agree and that 's why we should leave greece alone , stop hurting them , release them from their suffering . 
  surely you want them to be happy , do n't you ? 
  lending them more money only hurts them , increases their suffering and they 're too polite to tell us to stop . 
  we need to stop interfering in greece and let them be free of us and us of them . 
   so you 're anti-eu ? 
  i 'm anti greek suffering and so should you be . 
  greece has not benefitted from eu membership . 
  nearly every former eastern bloc nation has passed out greece , even after greece has been a member for four decades . 
  it 's just that greece and the eu are n't a good match . 
  greece is more suited to turkey or egypt for example . 
  it just has n't worked out and we really should n't force them to stay . 
  it 's not fair on them . 
   you 're implying the only choice is to put greece down like a dog . 
  that 's a horrible thing to say . 
  after all the suffering they 've endured as a eu member state !, 
   we could just step in and fix it . 
  we 're the problem . 
  they 're just too polite to ask us to let them free . 
  do n't you want the greek suffering to end though ? 
  is n't it the humane thing to relieve greece of all its obligations and release them back into the global economy with the uk ? 
  why would you want to torture them any more ? 
  sad it hear it but gozo and malta still have an amazing amount of attractions for such a small area . 
  would love to get back there in the next few years . 
   child mass grave from 2014 it 's the same burial only now the full survey report is back . 
  let greece go . 
  liberate them . 
  repeatedly they tell us we 're the ones causing greece all their suffering and it 's the rest of the union that must reform to realign with greece 's needs . 
  then there 'll be no more suffering . 
  everyone will happy . 
  then their free to form a union with the uk , egypt , turkey and whoever else they want free of pesky eu types . 
   the only way an eu member could be kicked out is if article 7 was used to remove their voting rights , and following it a new treaty article was made giving powers to kick out members was ratified . 
  the eu is a voluntary union . 
  if a member is not pulling their weight they can be left behind .
