  well you vote to dictate the terms of further financial assistance and we respect that . 
  we just wo n't be dictated to . 
  best of luck greece , it was really sad to see your country getting hijacked by a bunch of wacko 's . 
  1 ) if the usa want to play war games they 've got a border with russia to do it on . 
  2 ) oil is going to get even cheaper once iran has fully emerged . 
  3 ) greece 's problem is not currency . 
  4 ) you 're in debt to someone for changing your nappies and giving you an education ( although i do wonder if it was wasted ) 5 ) yes , so many countries ca n't wait to have their pensioners queue up for hours at atms that might run dry any day . 
  seriously your time would be better spent poking roadkill with a stick . 
  same to you , peace . 
   that is problematic because uncertainty means bond yields will become larger , so countries will have more expensive loans . 
  more expensive loans means the problems will become larger . 
  the certainty of a grexit appears to lower bond yields for the ez countries , the markets are seeing that the euro is not being sacrificed to entertain recalcitrant members . 
  can anyone explain the positives of greece staying in the ez ? 
  can you explain to me why the public sector ca n't be touched ? 
  so we 're to blame for greece calling every eu citizen who funds greek bailouts a terrorist ? 
  well greece did join zimbabwe and somalia in the imf default club . 
  greece has already got a 50 % write down on it 's debt . 
  we even stopped using collective terms like troika because greece thought it insulting . 
  if greece wants germany style debt forgiveness then greece will have to accept being occupied by it 's creditors like germany was after the war , do you approve of being occupied ? 
  if anything greece is has united a lot of europeans against pouring more money down the drain . 
  but do n't worry when greece eventually runs out of euro we provide humanitarian assistance but greece will not be dictating the terms in which it 's administered . 
  you 've got to understand our perspective too . 
  your government has piled insults at the citizens of europe who stand to lose personally when greece defaults on the euro . 
  i 'll lose $ 600 , germans and dutch will lose $ 800 but people from malta will lose $ 1300 per head . 
  these figures are a good chunk out of a family household income but to be lectured by greeks about how this debt is odious to them is confrontational and leads to a lot of resentment amongst taxpaying europeans . 
  to be called terrorists for bailing greece out before really puts a lot of europeans off helping greece ever again . 
  if we had a referendum in the morning a lot eu states would probably want greece to leave the eu . 
  sorry if that 's harsh but frankly after all the insults from the greek government your average european does n't care if greece leaves the eu . 
  greece 's creditors work fewer hours with higher productivity . 
  if greece 's productivity matched their creditors then maybe they would n't need creditors . 
  so greece is to be occupied by creditors just like germany was after the war ? 
  i do n't know why you 're getting down voted , i lived comfortably on $ 20 a day !, 
  my pensioner mum spends half that !, 
  the problem with comparatives between greek and german debt forgiveness is that no ones wants to occupy greece like the germany was occupied after the war . 
  although an eu task force may be required should greece crumble into civil disorder once savings are converted into drachma . 
  i would n't be surprised if tsipras was dictating the terms by which russia can bailout greece . 
  amongst nations is n't greece legendary for its sea faring ? 
  more rail integration within europe , national monopolies are redundant . 
  seeing as there 's been a bank run since syriza came to power do you reckon most people have a good stash of euros to fall back on until the drachma is reintroduced ? 
  that proves my point , greece suppressing the euro means once grexit happens euro strengthens , then it 's sell euro time . 
  now it 's time to buy euro . 
  i am humbled into a groveling submission , however i doubt the macedonians give a shit what you think !, 
   they were trying to dump euros because not only did the no result mean grexit is more likely , but more importantly the greek government did n't seem to have a plan . 
  why ? 
  greece 's problem 's are n't the ez anymore , they 've been pretty much written off . 
  if anything greece has been suppressing the euro . 
  cameron is not a tsipras but he has to be very careful of nationalistic sentiment overrunning economic priorities . 
   why would anybody ask that if cameron had just said it would be a straight in/out vote then there would n't be an issue , it would be just a domestic concern . 
  but because he has pledged to renegotiate better terms for the uk in its relationship with the eu he 'll open a two way dialogue with europe during which the opt out can be questioned again . 
  this referendum could backfire for him . 
  regionally i imagine there are other parts of the uk that would vote to remain in the eu , it 's just scotland has been openly vocal about the issue after the recent election . 
  i have no idea how ni would go on the issue . 
  there 's possibly another plot twist to come , greece forms a new bloc with north korea . 
  it depends on how it 's broached . 
  if it 's just a maintenance of the status quo then i can imagine the uk staying with the eu . 
  however if in the process of negotiations cameron is asked to pledge the uk to the eurozone in the short to medium term then i can envisage a nationalistic backlash . 
  the uk will redraw to the same level of engagement as norway , trading with but outside the decision making processes in europe . 
  if the majority of the votes in scotland are for the eu then i expect another scottish referendum will follow . 
  england and wales and northern ireland may find themselves very discombobulated . 
  what next ? 
  the drachma of course !, 
  it 's going to take time to load up the drachma . 
  they 've been lectured on marxism for four months , i doubt they 'll sacrifice their family holidays to indulge more greek theatrics . 
  it 's a grexit from here on in and all that needs to be sorted out is the sequencing and supports . 
  the political ramifications will have to wait until monetary grexit is concluded . 
  it 's not about choice , it 's about inevitabilities . 
  anyway once the drachma has been distributed the banks will reopen . 
  the real problem with vote was that it was about an agreement that no longer exists . 
  greece is back to zero with the eu , it will takes months of negotiations to even define how the combined states should progress with greece . 
  for example should the losses incurred on the coming grexit be evened out acroos the eurozone , some countries are going to take a harder hit than others , malta i believe will lose 5 % of its gdp or $ 1300 per head whereas germany/holland will lose about $ 800 per head . 
   i do n't know what they will choose to do i think it 's more about inevitabilities than choices . 
  negotiations with the eu ca n't take up where they left off , it 's back to zero with them . 
  drachma will have to introduced as a medium term necessity but if syriza forcefully replace deposit box euro cash with drachma i can see the backlash forcing the country into a very dark police state not unlike chile in the 70s . 
  were n't capital controls a necessity rather than a policy ? 
  i believe today greece has roughly $ 45 in cash left for each person . 
  i do n't think `` kick out '' is applicable here . 
  once greece 's atms run dry people will demand some form of payment option . 
  as it stands reaching a new agreement with creditors could take months so in the interim something will have to be introduced , most likely a new drachma . 
  the deal as outlined in the referendum was the agreement at the time he walked away . 
  hang on , i thought the creditors were terrorists ? 
  anticipating a riot ? 
  the referendum is a con , the agreement is no longer on the table . 
  either yes or no greece is back at square one with its fellow members . 
  for a start international practice for referendums is two weeks notice , even the scottish referendum had international observers but no news of this happening in the greek vote . 
  if it came to matter of few hundred votes the whole thing could rejected if it suited syriza . 
  the problem seems to be greece in the euro rather than the euro itself . 
  [ greece-proof euros ? 
  this is what i see from rt right now , the eu being attacked . 
  [ greece to use plates as legal tender !, 
  ] ( http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2015/07/01/greece-now-accepting-plates-as-legal-tender/ ), 
   those are the ones you inadvertently support yeah so it 's the eu taxpayers who ask for transparency and accountable from greece who are to blame for greece 's lack of accountability and transparency . 
  you 're not not winning any support friend . 
  there 's some very powerful people in greece who use the country for their themselves . 
  in an ideal world i 'd like to work remotely so i can bring my job where ever i live . 
  ( am working on that at the moment ) climate wise i reckon the best all year round would be west and north coast of france . 
  do n't have french unfortunately but i 'd be willing to try . 
  under existing rules the only way the greek government can receive funding from other members is through private banking . 
  the greek banks are the conduit to keep the greece ticking over , once the money stops they collapse too . 
  then greece has to negotiate with whoever will lend to them . 
  without further funds greece will have to drop the euro as it 's wage and pension paying currency and print its own cash .
