  broadly agree , erase greek debt by letting them out of all eu obligations . 
  put the onus back on private lenders . 
  it will be their folly alone if they lend to greece again and greeks ca n't blame their fellow eu citizens for anything . 
  telling a brit what they should stay is pointless so telling them to fuck off is actually the diplomatic ways of letting the have our way . 
  brexit could fuck up the good friday agreement . 
  if there 's blowback then it 's important for the uk to know they ca n't blame anyone but themselves . 
  the uk used to be our biggest trade partner with at over 80 % . 
  since eu membership the uk share of irish trade has declined to 30 % with the rest evenly split between the rest of the eu and the global market . 
  there 's no doubt that that trade would be affected but as a nation we 're still recovering from the brutal british administration of ireland that saw our population halve in half a century . 
  if the uk wants to leave the eu we 'll respect that decision and adapt just as we adapted to our own brexit a hundred years ago . 
  the uk did n't allow irish independence without bloodshed but we 'll happily extend the curtesy of respect that they could n't give us . 
  [ hey , plenty have been encouraging a brexit for decades . 
  ] ( http://mironline.ca/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/16717793924_60630d4a71_o.jpg ), 
  their own gun death rate is higher than the troubles !, 
  well cash wise the chinese tourist can replace the usa . 
  from my experience ni sterling is n't commonly accepted in britain , must be a british nationalist thing . 
  patriotism is the religion of the usa . 
  patriotism is the religion of the usa . 
  other peoples preconceptions are not greece 's fault . 
  well patriotism is a religion too . 
  plenty of people have done terrible things in the name of patriotism that they spend the rest of their lives regretting . 
  it 's impossible to design a form of governance so perfect that nobody need to be good . 
  yes , but a lot of migrants are incomprehensible too . 
  no you 've missed my , i 'm not saying there is a alternative system based on religion but through religion . 
  in the end even if interest is illegal there be another way for borrowing to happen . 
  the only function of money is the circulation of consumable goods . 
   your money on a system based on religion i think the intention is to create a wealth through the religion common to the arab world rather than on it . 
  the intention is to isolate the arab world from the westerner who has traditionally exploited the regions natural resources . 
  i would call it communism as trade and ownership is in the arab culture already but certainly there 's a drive for a common purpose . 
  well it serves a unity of purpose for a pan arab world that 's no longer pacified by strong man leaders that were previously feted by western powers . 
  it 's something of a social reformation being heavily influenced by arab diaspora who return from western cultures with strong self governance idealism . 
  the battle between old and modern arabia seems to be fought through islam . 
  i would n't credit some of the brits in spain to vote remain even though its probably in their interest . 
  they view their spanish enclaves as unofficial gibraltar 's and think that the uk taxpayer will buy their patch off spain after brexit . 
  in fairness , hurling is played from childhood and has been described as organised violence by outsiders !, 
  an average gaa foorball game is n't interesting without a good brawl . 
  i think generally more urbane societies are more easily intimidated . 
   in the event of a brexit , the uk will surely try to make deals with their biggest euro-partners first , possibly to the chagrin of smaller countries at the back of the queue . 
  they can talk with individual eu members but ultimately it all has to be approved at eu council . 
  the northern ireland secretary thinks she can dictate how a new eu/uk border will work by just talking to dublin when in fact dublin will have to discuss it with it union members before anything is agreed . 
   remain only serves to serve the globalists so the brexit promoters want the uk globally isolated ? 
  no problem . 
  anytime you need more encouragement marginalising yourself just holler . 
  hey , it 's cool if northern ireland gets left behind . 
  that 's more like it but you 're not alone , we 've been supportive of `` brits out '' for decades . 
  it only takes two nations to have a union . 
  no sane person would want to jeopardize the good friday agreement yet that 's what the uk is doing . 
  you 're all late to the party , we 've been saying `` brits out '' for decades . 
  more like loosing some baggage . 
  hey , we 're doing everything we can to help swing brexit , even our government has unleased reverse psychology !, 
  if we 're lucky we even get a grexit and brexit 2 for 1 special !, 
  do you think the uk public would have preferred being addressed like `` as your overlord '' ? 
  do you mean would have `` impact elsewhere in the world '' rather than `` impact the world '' ? 
  from your link all countries like china who use the uk for accessing the eu have to do is find another business friendly eu nation and relocate there . 
  problem solved . 
  own currency ? 
  you mean the sterling zone ? 
  while recently traveling from one eurozone country to another via an english airport i had to pay for a coffee and bun but the sterling i offered to pay with was declined . 
  i was told northern ireland sterling is n't legal tender in england . 
  i offered the equivalent sum in euros which was accepted . 
  now if you find that difficultly acceptable then bully for you but i 'll always carry euros as back up in the unworkable sterling zone . 
  well they could become an eu dominion . 
  it was once a start up but as bacchaus87 said there 's a reason wozniak was n't let on the business side then . 
  it 's good for betting on , although it was easier when it was all text voting and all the bloc voting was predictable . 
  the uk still does n't use metric for distance . 
  thanks , that was an interesting read although i thought decimilisation was common in the arab world prior to use in europe and beyond . 
  after all they gave us numerals as we know them , marks left by cathedral builders in the 12th cent in england show that they were still using roman numerals . 
  the change happened after the toledo exchange . 
   plus , that 's like usa invading canada . 
  that 's just something that does not happen . 
  it just does n't . 
  yeah , the metric system can be very intimidating !, 
  actually most of the hardlifting has been voluntary , operation facebook pays for itself !, 
  dude , get back to brexit and help us get our rival out of the eu !, 
  remember with the brits , it 's `` look what the french and germans want us to use metric '' actually you cunts do n't use metric either , what 's with that ? 
  yeah , obama want the uk to stay in to be a conduit into the eu for wonky deals like ttip . 
  yeah , no , `` brits in '' is catching in my throat . 
  for what it 's worth the uk and the usa have been rivals longer than they 've been allies . 
  back the in the 20s and early 30s many world leaders thought the next major global conflict would be between the two . 
  the usa had even made preparations for an invasion of canada . 
  so the uk the us back door . 
  well if that 's so then we should all be encouraging the uk to leave . 
   there is no such thing in the relationship between two entities which two entities do you mean ? 
  get a poster of a dingo to put on your wall . 
  there 'll be a physical eu/uk border on the island of ireland between the republic and northern ireland which is part of the uk . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  hat tip to you sir . 
  really , that 's all you can contemplate ? 
  merkel , a lutheran preachers daughter !, 
  i 'd imagine the irony will be lost on them . 
  feck , this 12th is going to be a hoot if brexit happens !, 
  i reckon there 'll be a world shortage in wooden shipping pallets !, 
  you 'd like to think that but really we 're using reverse psychology . 
  ireland rose up against the brits by declaring a republic . 
  100 years later we 're hoping to eject the uk from the eu with the help of our deep cover agent in the british administration who we call `` pig-fucker '' . 
  you 're right . 
  you did n't get the memo ? 
  ireland 's is the only eu country that would have a post brexit border with uk , that 's kinda a big deal as we 'll need to build a fence to keep out all the brexit refugees . 
  i 'd rather lick the sweat off a dingos balls . 
  yeah but we 've been saying `` brits out '' for years and it has n't worked so we 're trying reverse psychology this time .
