  not without the perfunctory ten minute warning !, 
  but many brexiteers say its easy to leave , they can dictate what trade they want !, 
  are you sure you 're not one of those unpatriotic remoaners ? 
  voluntary is better , as a member is free to leave if membership does n't work for them , like the uk is doing now . 
  the process 's for departing is already agreed upon . 
  the eu has been a massive support to the process . 
  yes , a lot of similarities in these irish isles . 
  you hate a voluntary union ? 
  have many friends ? 
  i can see your problem , you 're trying to compete with a regional bloc rather than benefit from it . 
  we 're not happy apple did n't pay its proper tax too and once the eu sends them the final determination we 'll be happy to collect . 
  now who and where we trade with is as much our business as long as we comply with our eu commitments . 
  please do continue . 
  what makes you think i 'm from denmark ? 
  what corrupt companies ? 
  he thinks there 's no room for czech migrants in other eu countries ? 
  greek mans fart brings down eurozone , kicks off new civil war in north america , and implodes chinese economy !, 
  hang on a sec , by your logic which wave of migration to north america did n't make a parallel society in there ? 
  it 's not like the puritans went native . 
  no problems with the corp tax rate , local businesses pay the same . 
  disquiet with how apple interprets their liabilities . 
  it 's right that we should challenge eu findings on tax avoidance , there has to be a pan-european regime to stop apple simply relocating and doing the same in another eu country , regardless of what corporate tax rate they charge . 
  i totally agree . 
  so who 'll sort you out when mcdonalds moves to london to avoid taxation in luxembourg ? 
  the refugee crisis and free movement for eu/schengen citizens are two different issues that suckers like you have conflated . 
  article is from jan 2015 . 
  syriza has dived in popularity since then . 
  not surprising from a terrorism funding yank . 
  so , are you pro or anti gfa ? 
  and the french do n't want him . 
  we do n't want him . 
  the one who said of his irishness that being born in a stable does n't make a donkey . 
  no , he 's yours . 
  same uninterrupted imperial parliament sits in westminster . 
  no official government recognition has ever been given for the creation of the indian and irish famines . 
  spoken like a true slave . 
  well when an ira operative blew themselves up it was a mistake . 
  nah the threats were last year . 
  yeah i know it all becomes a blur when greece is involved . 
  [ first bailout was 2010 . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2010/may/05/greece-debt-crisis-timeline ), 
  food production would get a boost . 
  it depends on trumps investment plans . 
  if they mostly just make work schemes like roads and bridges to nowhere then there may be doubt about the longterm value of the dollar . 
  it all really depends on alternatives for growth . 
  nah , greece has been rumbling since 2010 . 
  you mean like greece did when it debased its currency during latin monetary union ? 
   `` its chronically weak economy meant successive greek governments responded by decreasing the amount of gold in their coins , thereby debasing their currency in relation to those of other nations in the union and in violation of the original agreement '' . 
  greece was formally expelled from the latin monetary union in 1908 . 
  it was readmitted in 1910 , however . 
  they 're free to leave the euro and print as much drachma as they believe will end austerity . 
  catholic countries like ireland ? 
   the eu is too loose of a concept for eu citizens to show solidarity with each other i would n't say that . 
  i know i felt a strong solidarity for my fellow eu citizen when they were being attacked before and after brexit . 
  starts running in a non euro country . 
  shitpost checks out . 
  continue . 
  not surprising . 
  after the property bust in ireland in 08/09 a lot of irish construction workers went to australia . 
  so most of those being counted as moving to south america are returning from spain ? 
   it refurbished a theatre that most locals ca n't afford to go to or never use . 
  good link . 
  it highlights the greater problem of a rapidly aging population in places without enough of a local workforce to deal with them . 
  their voting system just means large areas can be ignored . 
  it 's sad really because as i travel around northern england i constantly come across social projects funded by the eu in places that are otherwise abandoned by the tories . 
   britain is one the richest countries in europe , that depends on where in britain you 're standing . 
  lived there for a few years . 
  some lovely beaches but there is nothing there that warrants going that far for . 
  many locals rightfully call it dullsville but many really like it that way and it can be a really stifling nanny society . 
  the aboriginal culture is the best the thing about it . 
  you are right , the halfway stopover for going to melbourne and sydney will still be preferable and maybe even quicker than going via perth . 
  i 've done an hour and half stop over in dubai and it was great to get a stretch midway . 
  it 's more accurate to say it was incorporated into the english crown , which then united with scotland to form the uk . 
  that also raises the point that the hong kong handover was n't the end of the empire . 
  ireland had been the first english and british plantation , replicated in future conquests across the globe . 
  mental health is a serious problem in ireland , especially in more rural areas where its hardest to provide the most basic support . 
  i 've worked with social services in the past where i discovered not having the sky channels is a poverty measure . 
  relative and absolute poverty are two different things . 
  where there are chronic problems is in mental health provision . 
  cork ? 
  pretty much this . 
  its more urban based than the property bubble era . 
  if you own your home then you 're flying it . 
  otherwise rents are out of control where the jobs are . 
  having said that i 've been working on the planning side of property development in dublin and supply will start to catch up with demand in the next couple of years . 
  if you 're standing in a field near ballyfucktard then you 're probably right . 
  there wo n't be another round of construction jobs for housing in places where there 's no other jobs . 
  same things has been happening in japan since the bust in 1992 and they use their own currency . 
  was n't there a massive italian post office savings certs scam used to get into the euro ? 
  an english friend lost his job in ireland after property bust but even there was work in the uk he did n't go as he would financially worse off working there than being the dole in ireland !, 
  well occasionally you 'll still get a rogue catholic priest who 'll come out something really dodgy about how [ gay marriage is responsible for earthquakes . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/italy-earthquakes-priest-blames-recent-spate-on-gay-civil-unions-a7401986.html ) so basically yeah , pray the gay away etc. 
  i agree but i still have to pinch myself to see change is indeed happening . 
  i grew up in a time when divorce and contraception were still banned !, 
  [ my mistake , they were $ 44.99 a bottle !, 
  ] ( http://jadedisle.ie/files/2011/03/bling.jpg ), 
  the odd thing is that in former very catholic countries like malta and ireland , the actual former dominance of organised religion has inspired a greater backlash than in countries that were more secular . 
  that 's true . 
  the uk could indeed leave the eu respecting the vote but in every other way the uks relationship with the bloc is undefined . 
  businesses are rightly taking precautions by semi relocation as they know that even if the uk does n't change any of its arrangements with the eu , they do n't know what changes the eu will enact in the future that may hinder their uk bases .
