  look out north korea , you 've got competition !, 
  i remember in the 80s it was a grim shithole everyone talked about escaping from . 
  yip , we 've been here before . 
  back in the early noughties the complaint was that the large economies were moribund with hight unemployment in france and germany but rip roaring growth in peripheral states . 
  i think offering gibraltar citizens spanish citizenship is a good step . 
  it will protect cross border families . 
  as it is northern ireland citizens are entitled to irish republic eu passports so it 's not unprecedented . 
  and investment . 
  actually i think the voluntary nature of the union is its strength . 
  lagging members can face economic censure . 
  as it is they 're linked and as far as i know inter-currency money transfers have to give the interbank rate to citizens so no real difference . 
  using a debit card in both the euro-zone and denmark does n't incur any charges as far as i know . 
  you 're confusing irish people with you own . 
  are you afraid you 're gay ? 
  i can smell your fear from here . 
  and the member states that do n't enforce the laws they signed up to !, 
  we will make you sing and have fun !, 
  nobody calls british people roman just because the romans were there once . 
  what next , poland is really east germany because like ireland there invaded once !, 
  seriously , fuck off now and now go read a harry potter book or catch up on the latest royal diaper installment . 
  it 's symbolic really . 
  shush . 
  they 're top secret . 
  anything reasonable or logical would have been pissing in the wind . 
  i toast their lobotomist for their thorough work . 
  you 're an ignorant fucking grunt but that 's as irrelevant really as your contribution to humanity . 
  your rotting remains might make good compost though . 
   nope , just because you let other people pay for services you recive it dose n't become free . 
  well if your education was paid for it was a complete waste of money you pedantic shit . 
  i 'm on for county monaghan hosting war games , especially around the glorious 12th !, 
   denmark having a say in euro ? 
  also absolutely stupid . 
  not really , denmark 's currency is tied to the euro . 
   no , its not free at all . 
  you pay for it with your taxes . 
  to be precise , you can attend university without having paid any income tax and without needing a student loan . 
  you 're just being a fucking idiot . 
  my apology . 
   a norwegian is scandinavian , scandinavian is n't a political term . 
  a norwegian is no less norwegian for being called it , same with the others nations involved . 
  however because of the british plantations of ireland whereby irish were dispossessed of their native land to make way for brits . 
  so unless you 're a fucking retard you 'll see that the term is offensive and loaded with imperial connotations . 
  is the isle of white bigger than the isle of man ? 
  the funny thing though the channel islands are n't considered british isles yet the same fuckwits think ireland is . 
  shower of cunts really . 
  took the swift ferry recently and it did dublin to holyhead in wales in about two hours . 
  it was faster than normal as the sea was really smooth . 
  the problem is that you 're seeing all the young and fit ones that were up for emigrating . 
  give it a decade of chip butties !, 
  well our operative louis walsh has done great work softening ye up !, 
  people also overlook that the orange order was very common through britain up until the troubles , liverpool being a particular hotspot . 
  i think southport still has a march on the glorious 12th . 
  well no one calls scotland or ireland england just because england is the larger nearby country . 
  you really are a fucking muppet . 
  and you do n't see that calling ireland a british isle is confrontational !, 
  you 're delusional . 
  its like the trump fake news sites that earn revenue on rage clicks . 
  they know there 's knuckle dragging brits that will lap up recycled stories . 
  i think its mostly teenagers from macedonia publishing these fake news sites , fair fucks to them . 
  it was the death of gaelic ireland , a cultural apocalypse . 
  yeah but the trumpeting of abolishing the slave trade is pretty hollow when after profiting off it . 
  after the american revolution it probably wasnt profitable anyway . 
  besides irish people were still effectively slaves in their own lands for many decades more . 
  we do n't make any claim on other peoples identity . 
  wales ? 
  are you from the english part ? 
  are you still ruled by rome ? 
  no , so fuck off with your british isles and go read a harry potter book . 
   that said , i do n't see the point of keeping to use that name since ireland obviously do n't like it . 
  now why would that be do you think ? 
  is it prehaps because they 're not british per chance ? 
  official british imperial name whereas in the eu sponsored good friday agreement terms they called `` these ilse 's '' . 
  in post brexit the new eu geographic term will be the irish isles . 
  the common folk of england made up cromwell 's army and were very indisposed towards the native irish . 
  it was ruled directly from london after 1801 and kept in poverty . 
  non security on tenure which was the status of most gaelic irish under british rule meant an inability to build individual fortunes and a greater reliance on family , meaning marrying younger and having more kids to ensure survival . 
  religion was used as an excuse to dispossess the native . 
  but british fortunes were made , liverpool was built on the slave trade . 
  well they didnt come from peru !, 
  but brits wo n't know any better either way , they still think jaguar , land rover and mini are british owned companies !, 
  you could a union jack on the roof of a hyundai and they 'd think its british . 
  they still have n't cottoned on that aldi and lidl are german but who can blame them with the amount of union jack packaging used . 
  god created the blight but britain created the famine . 
  there was no shortage of food on the island . 
  the british did n't change the policies of privation that created the calamity so the gaelic population fled . 
  they did n't secure land rights in their own country until the land leaguers arrived in later decades . 
  the second half of the 19th century are accurately described as the decades of decay but in reality all meaningful administration had ceased with the act of union in 1801 . 
  after that ireland was to be contained . 
  to escape starvation which was entirely different to the majority of emigration to north america . 
  in the pre great hunger period the gaelic population did n't emigrate in any great number , unlike the ulster scots plantation population from which many usa presidents are descended . 
  well do we agree that greece should be cut free of the eu ? 
  the unionists are yours until you elect a government that disavows them . 
  ryans in tipp , brennans in kilkenny etc. . 
  [ god bless england !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am3xbdz1suu ), 
   if you imagine that the alternative was utopia , i 'm sure it seems awful , but that is n't the experience that people were living under prior to us . 
  living directly under direct rule from london saw irelands population halved in a century . 
  the potato 's were n't the problem . 
  starvation while food was being exported from ireland to britain was . 
  do n't let your loyal british unionists in ulster hear you say that .
