  thanks for that concise overview . 
  the problem with jesus is that he thinks he 's dj carey . 
  ok everyone , houston = usa . 
  got that ? 
  oh really ? 
  i loved them . 
  they were my favorite . 
  i bet the average north america ( excluding canada ) could n't find iran on a map . 
  massive part of my childhood . 
  could n't afford to buy them but i 'd constantly borrow them from the library . 
  i remember being disappointed when i had read them all . 
  i think the twelve tasks was my favorite . 
  i got into tintin but he was never as good as a&o . 
   the uk labour party ) . 
  they 're polling lower than ukip !, 
  is that the australian 60 minutes programme that also got busted for kipnapping a child in lebanon ? 
  they would think that when they have such places in their own country . 
  it 's not so much replace but a switch to the consensus eu style on leadership . 
  the usa of the trump is volatile and unpredictable and we 're only one month in !, 
  the usa will still be an important economy but its swing to insularity has left a huge vacuum . 
  euronews can have excellent content that i would never have of otherwise . 
  there was a really good series on the pressures of rapidly aging demographics around the mediterranean and what potential eu wide responses are being explored . 
  is n't that what happened in portugal last year ? 
  we have irish citizens . 
  we 're a republic . 
  in the uk parliament is sovereign but in ireland we 've a national constitution . 
  constitutional changes like eus needs national consent . 
  brexit is advisory but our referendums were n't . 
  i wish them well . 
  i voted for the gfa . 
  however i do think that brexit completely alters the landscape of the agreement . 
  we have a higher precentage of eu immigrants than the uk does actually . 
  the difference is though we do n't expect immigrants to become irish . 
  ireland has an emigrant history and we can empathize . 
   ah yes , once again it 's history that should define our politics rather than modern democracy , if there 's something europe needs it 's more of that . 
  again what you call history is someones elses present . 
  the good friday agreement allows self determination for northern ireland . 
  northern went against the homerule vote , it armed itself with guns from germany and brought the gun into irish politics . 
  are you a fan of segregationist states ? 
   yeah , one is holding on to events that happened generations ago ireland is still partitioned despite the democratic vote for home rule vote . 
  what 's past for you does n't make is not so elsewhere . 
  yeah , way too many brits in ireland , not integrating , bringing their xenophobia with them !, 
  highlighting actual factual verifiable history is not comparable with petty insults . 
  seriously !, 
  excuse me . 
  are you saying that real history and petty insults are on a par ? 
  hang on . 
  i accused of hatred everytime i bring up british history but when a brit calls irish people plebs that is n't somewhat negative ? 
  when i highlight britain 's legacy in ireland i 'm called hateful but when a brit calls us plebs that 's not ? 
   its only unavoidable if one side says so . 
  we 're not the ones seeking change . 
  we wish the uk every success with brexit . 
  a eu/uk customs border is unavoidable so there was no reason for ignoring irelands sovereignty . 
  coming from a state that does n't recognise ireland as a separate state in its brexit white paper !, 
  plebs ? 
  at least we 're sovereign . 
  you mean like the uk needed exemptions ? 
  26 % of the electorate is still too high a number to dismiss . 
  trump has really damaged the usa as a brand . 
   the eu is akin to those book subscription clubs you join then find you can never leave . 
  i find your lack of faith in the uks determination disturbing . 
  great britain is best britain . 
  [ sometimes putting a old dog down is a kindness ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=davmruhad3e&amp;t=6s ), 
  the home rule bill had been passed in 1914 but then dropped . 
  however the 1918 election result confirm that 3/4 of the irish electorate wanted self rule . 
  the ulster unionists had armed themselves with guns from germany against the democratic will and westminster rewarded these german armed terrorists with their own segregationist enclave of northern ireland . 
  yeah ? 
  my grandfather had the fight the brits for independence after they scotched the home rule bill . 
  they already have a currency , their sterling is n't even legal tender in england/wales !, 
  you do raise a very interesting questions . 
  is indyref2 more about not being tied to numptynuts england outside the eu ? 
  did those who voted independence last time happy about leaving eu too or is it only a concern now that oil prices are down and the big bad world looks scarier as a result ? 
   if you are in the eu you 're not going to be independent , the eu is a voluntary union , as amply demonstrated with the uks withdrawal . 
  the man standing in the desert is sovereign . 
  reverse yalta ? 
  malthusian is n't relevant to the irish situation as it was part of the uk at the time , ruled centrally from london yet it was the only region where starvation happened . 
  it was the preexisting british genocidal privation policies in ireland that were massively aided by the blight . 
  after the event the british did nothing to help rebuild the irelands recover and let it wilt in decades of decay until the easter rising in 1916 . 
  maybe greece belongs in asia . 
  probably a yank or russian . 
  actually was n't the eu vote only promised if cameron won in 2015 , which he did but that was after the scottish ref . 
  no other party except ukip were campaigning for it . 
   they had a independence referendum and voted to stay in . 
  they wanted to stay in the uk which was part of the eu . 
  obviously the motivation has changed . 
  donald uses the best words , the best words people in the world have praised donald for using the best words . 
  some people are just jelly . 
  migration from the scots-ulster was well established before irish had to flee and that 's an established fact . 
  the truth is that the enormity of the apocalypse is so great that people have difficulty accepting it . 
  it was not famine , it was genocidal starvation , the conditions for which had been in situ for generations before . 
  it was policies of privation that meant constant threat of starvation . 
   . . the condition of our country has not improved in spite of the great exertions made by charitable bodies that was as condemning as the quakers could be . 
  they were saying that it was absence of government that nullified the effort of relief . 
  the british government created the situation of perennial starvations for the dispossessed native irish and did not alter those policies when the subsistence crop failed . 
  instead they used the disaster as an opportunity to clear out ireland , doing nothing to stop the mass evictions of even those who had made the rent . 
  britain did this and its parliament has sat in continuance unrepentant to this day . 
  it could be said that they tried to help between 1845-47 but after that they fashioned the catastrophe into genocide . 
  it has always been unpopular to call it what it was , especially as irish lives were still at threat from british forces . 
  there was n't a famine . 
  it was a slow rolled genocide .
