well if the locals valued those fruit picking jobs there 'd be less chance of exploitation with locals involved . 
  so if the bubble was n't normal then high unemployment by the average eu standard is normal ? 
  no wonder we are n't seeing mass revolt on the streets !, 
  you make it sound like the spanish unemployed by their aversion to work are responsible for immigrant exploitation . 
  what is a normal situation ? 
  before the financial crisis when things were good spanish unemployment was still around 10 % yet immigration from latin america was high meaning there was work that spanish would n't do . 
  i liked it a lot . 
  i 've been outside of europe for years now and although i 'm from one country i do feel an affinity with the whole european project . 
  i 'm aware that 's there 's so much of europe i have n't seen and this ad gave me a thrill at the thought of exploring , especially when i 'll be moving back to europe soon . 
  most if not all non eu countries in europe have freedom to travel . 
  laws are merely suggestions . 
  our openness about enjoying alcohol belies that fact that per head we 're not near the heaviest alcohol consumers in europe . 
  we love fun . 
  we love to travel . 
  we love music . 
  we actually love potatoes . 
  if you want to keep chatting then that 's fine with me . 
  it was a rainy day where i am now . 
  what 's it like where you are ? 
  english as it spoken in ireland . 
  english was adapted over centuries and so english words may still be arranged with irish grammar . 
  hiberno-english !, 
  as you have yourself people travel , it broadens the mind although from your manner travel seems to have blunted your mind . 
  and you say you 're educated . 
  i 'd love to travel around turkey , ideally for a few months but ca n't budget for something like that anytime soon so might have to settle for a quick istanbul visit . 
  that 's hilarious , it 's like saying i do n't want to visit the us as i 've already been to england !, 
  israel is n't either but they 're in the eurovision song contest !, 
  was there as great a diaspora from turkey to the us when compared with the uk , ireland , italy and russia ? 
  saying `` seem very limited and misinformed '' is n't an insult , it 's an observation on the argument you provided . 
  i think it would be fairer to say that the irish rc church was a conduit for building a national identity separate from the uk . 
  ironically the cause of independence sprung from the protestant communities of the north but later rome worked with the london government to suppress a republican uprising in ireland which could spread to the uk . 
  london gave the rcc the running of peasant ireland . 
  russians will approve of putins aggressive hard stance on border integrity in the west while it has china breathing down its neck in the east . 
  russian resources are stretched so they 'll dispense with diplomacy while reminding china that encroachment would n't be tolerated . 
  it would strengthen an ever closer union of regions . 
  it 's inevitable that regional centres will take over from the former capitals of nation states . 
  it spent most of the last millennia in wars of rivalry or world conquest . 
  as boring as it sounds the main drive now of the continent is social stability . 
  the only variation might be a non federal mixed member eu borders patrol force with a unifying mandate . 
  but not seismology . 
  does n't the civil magistrate have final say in evacuations ? 
  if they can be found guilty for manslaughter then all seismologists can be sued for lost earnings by businesses when they 're shut due to warnings . 
  have you read the book of revelations ? 
  after all that love your neighbour as yourself this book is tacked on as excuses to wage war in the name of christ !, 
  what europe and america share is general urbanisation . 
  this ferguson story is no less dominate in european media than the almost almost annual new years car burnings in paris which was a bit of a tradition during the 90 and early 00s . 
  would many us citizens know what the local headlines in their neighbouring state are on any given day ? 
  all banks have contingency plans . 
  what 's really going here though is the first stage of ireland global empire which rather than military conquest will be carried out through niceness . 
  already we 've got more than enough forward positions ( irish pubs , three in mongolia as we speak ) scattered throughout the world and a fifth column in the `` my great , great grandmother is from ireland '' brigade !, 
  we will fight everyone with affability , we will disarm with gormless banter and most threateningly of all we will make people enjoy our greatest weapon , the craic !, 
  are you sure ? 
  do you remember the savings war of 07/08 between the aib and bofi , they were fighting for survival . 
  i was expecting a general shutdown ( the reason we have bank holidays ) and some amalgamations but definitely fewer banks afterwards . 
  if outside interests were pulling the strings then we 'd have had a rationalistion , the outsiders had seen how fucked the irish banks were and had been offloading for a year and a half before lehmans . 
  instead we had fuckwits cowan and lenihen telling themselves and their faithful that the banks were sound , all of them including anglo . 
  it was a mania , a national delusion . 
  the crisis was not caused by the global crunch , it was imploding before the credit crunch . 
  just check the exodus from irish banks from early 07 onwards . 
  is the problem something to do with cocaine and hookers because they 're now counted in italian gdp . 
  is this some reference to german granny porn ? 
  i have to agree with this . 
  because i was protestant in a irish national school i was always exempt from irish lessons . 
  it was always funny to have the de la salle brother try to drop hints about maybe converting for rome etc. . 
  it does take time for change . 
  since 1972 when ireland joined the eu i 've seen huge changes in social attitudes , divorce was n't legal until 95 , contraception was n't freely available until the late 80s and abortion still is only allowed where there 's a threat to the mother . 
  ( at one point you could be ` detained ' if it was known you were traveling to the uk for an abortion ), 
  i ca n't see a revival to be honest if it 's continued to be taught in the compulsory manner . 
  over 70 years of compulsory irish if anything has engendered a resentment towards it . 
  the irish language schools while growing in popularity are seen by many as a way of keeping their kids away from the children of immigrants . 
  a small primary school principle was telling me that he tried to organise irish language for parents which he says is vital for embedding the effort but no one was interested , their main concern was keeping their kids out of mainstream education . 
  it would better to reduce oil dependency entirely . 
  ireland has ample coastline to harness for windfarming . 
  saudi oil is next . 
  i agree . 
  is n't it more important that hamas recognise israel ? 
  perfect summation . 
  until hamas amends its charter to not destroy its neighbour i ca n't see how there will be peace . 
  send the teddybears to hamas who use gazans as grist to the wheels of their siege ramp . 
  do n't mention garth brooks . 
  too soon . 
  wow , anti social pandas !, 
  more do n'ts than do 's , prickly bunch eh ? 
  manners not required so ? 
  did n't stop irish settlers clearing aboriginals off their land . 
  two thirds of the australian police force during the clearances were irish . 
  travel through the wheatbelts and you 'll come across loads of irish farms on [ occupied land ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/4701038-3x2-940x627.jpg ), 
  is it like negative gearing in australia and canada ? 
  i 've seen some classic headlines on bild . 
  had to ring a helpline when my printer went on the blink , got through to call centre somewhere in regional england ( do n't ask , i 'm useless with accents ) and i could barely understand her rapid lilt . 
  after a frustrating communication she put me through to technical support who spoke measured and perfectly understandable english , i asked him where he was based , `` i 'm in holland '' . 
  problem was identified in less time that it took me to understand the english girls accent !, 
  are n't there parts of germany like ulm where english use is frowned upon ? 
  having had to deal with government departments there i can attest to a high proficiency when required . 
  well living in a state of siege is never going allow what many would consider run of the mill domestic politics . 
  a tragedy that could have happened over a number of other conflict zones too , certainly no platform for federalism . 
  if anything russia is will need the eu more in the future , do n't be surprised greater cooperation post putin . 
  i 'd shop around for getting that paperwork sorted . 
  if you have time you may be able to do it for half of what you 'd pay an agent . 
  or get someone on the european side to do the work , fees can vary greatly from country to country .
