  i was talking about the billing limit , how long you cold roam on a uk 3 sim in australia for instance . 
   ( despite assurances from the irish that they were n't ) . 
  what ireland is saying is that it kept its commitment but it 's up to the eu commission to rule whether apple correctly interpreted its tax liabilities . 
  ireland has defended its tax compliance and even if the ruling goes against apple , ireland will still win . 
  the more important reason for seeking a ruling though is that if apple is fined the proper tax liability will have to be applied across all its eu operations rather than having ireland redistribute it . 
  well boris i 'm still waiting for the bicycle i asked santa for 40 years ago but i did get a scratchy jumper . 
  i do n't believe that roaming is without time limits whereas eu roaming wo n't be limited . 
  you stated the eurozone may collapse because of the currency . 
  your statement makes no sense , the currency defines the eurozone . 
  you can have the four freedoms as you do now without federation . 
  it 's actually ironic that lack of control or federation was a criticism that ukip had about the eu . 
  the eu commission did n't find a problem with member states tax rates , just how multinationals like apple interpreted their tax liabilities . 
  start interfering in individual member state tax regimes and that 's the end of the union . 
  we should call stiglitz the stereotyping economist . 
  it 's down 23 % since last november . 
  check the dates of the study . 
  some french companies do pay less in france than ireland 's corporate tax rate . 
  its just ireland which was never an industrial nation competed long ago for global business while the larger nations spent more energy protecting its traditional sectors . 
  it has everything to do with how apple chose to interpret paying its eu tax bill . 
  its actually a win win for ireland but only if we seek clarity on the commissions findings . 
  btw greece once voted to install a british monarch as its head of state !, 
  vat , its been around for years . 
  yes , greece has seen wage growth as low as the uk but no one calls for greece to join sterling . 
  it 's actually difficult to comprehend the enormity of it . 
  in the 19th century did any other european nation lose half its population in a half a century ? 
  our passports are enabled to be read in schengen countries so no real change for us . 
  well at least the populace of ni have the best of both worlds in having access to two passports . 
  it 's the border towns , communities and people who work across the border that i 'm concerned about . 
  great , what next ? 
  orange order members allowed to wear their sash while on psni duty in respect to their religious expression . 
  while self interest drives all commercial endeavour , without some basic communications infrastructure funding rule the whole structure could end being gutted and denuded and everyone would lose out . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  if any business can chart migration patterns within the eu it 's ryanair . 
  they pick up and drop services to demand . 
  it could mean where they 're parked up , refueled or serviced when not flying . 
  seeing as its business is predominately in the eu it probably runs its budgets in $ and retrenching from the uk may save them money lost to sterling currency swings . 
  vodafones runs its business in $ too even though it 's based in the uk . 
  tell that to the guy arguing with me who thinks it is a right that 's free . 
  great , now we agree that nhs access is a benefit paid for by tax . 
  the way you had it rights were underwritten by some benign toothfairy . 
  it 's a right that 's funded by tax , ergo a benefit just as is every other public service . 
  but you said `` no benefits of any kind till you have worked and paid tax for 5years '' backtracking much . 
  fuck off out of the eu , ca n't be listening to your fuckwittery . 
  hilarious , hire doctor but when doctor gets sick say `` sorry mate , hop it '' . 
  it 's a piece by reuters , not the economy ministry . 
  predictability is n't good clickbait . 
  different industries shut down for maintenance at different times , some in july , some in august . 
  usually a major industry annual upgrade and service can take three weeks . 
  every year this is reported without adjustment for the holiday period when whole factories shut down . 
  this is the immediate currency devaluation boon , importers have yet to pass on the cost to producers . 
  so is suicide . 
  they 'd have to pay for an opt in and free movement might be part of the price . 
  that will continue too , its just further redistribution . 
  ej are in the process of registering more of their fleet to dublin . 
  paywall . 
  anyway that headline is a bit rich coming from a country that sells 888 visas . 
  then my point stands , she sounded more assured of that than of actually instigating a50 . 
  ireland has to appeal to demonstrate it held its end of the deal . 
  how apple pays taxes for its activities across the eu demands an eu response , they just ca n't blame ireland for apple collapsing their tax bill . 
  it 's actually good for all eu members , including ireland , that the blocs tax expectations be clarified for all multinationals . 
  were they all as enthusiastic as may ? 
  she sounded more confident of using nuclear weapons than instigating a50 . 
  should n't that headline be `` wall street not happy '', 
  ireland did n't cut any deal . 
  the eu found that apple had misused the differing tax regimes within the eu to collapse their tax liability , they could done the same thing out of any eu state . 
  well if they pull out of ireland and the eu then they 'll be willing to pay sales taxes in each eu country like swiss companies do . 
  no fiscal loss really but as i said apples number is nearly up anyway . 
  this is an eu ruling for all tax liable across the eu , moving elsewhere in the eu is ooiuntless . 
  plus apple are shaping up to be another nokia . 
  it affects those in northern ireland whose nationalist identity was recognised under the good friday agreement that 's threatened by brexit . 
  this is r/europe . 
  its not our problem . 
  the ira bombing campaigns originated from within northern ireland , a part of the uk . 
  there was even customs checkpoints before the military posts . 
  they were shit times . 
  unionists would get what they want with a border so the only ones targeting the republic would be the british government . 
  the brits bombed dublin and monaghan before but this time they 'd be targeting the eu . 
  we 'll have to protect irish producers from devalued uk trade and the uk will have to compensate its producers for any lost trade . 
  the uk will have to deal with ira bombing campaigns on its own as they 've burned their partners in the peace process with brexit . 
  irelands tax rate is unaffected , what 's changed is that as a bloc the eu are clamping down on multinationals skewing the differences between eu states to minimize their tax bill , its a good day for everyone but apple . 
  eu demanding due taxes make usa authorities look bad shocker . 
  he should be more worried about apple becoming another nokia . 
  irelands just being convivial towards apple but in truth this is great news for ireland . 
  as host its far better that the shitty stick be applied by another . 
  plus this sends the message that ireland 's tax rate is not an issue but non-eu multinationals not paying it is . 
  not enforcing it is n't breaking it either . 
  ... at being another usa . 
  i 'm cool with that . 
  the eu is n't trying to be the usa . 
  well the eu is a union of nations with converging interests , well done on noticing that . 
  you get a gold star . 
  they 've also got worst demographic shrink in the ez . 
  olympic ticket touting scandal continues . 
  dublin beat kerry in gaelic football semifinal . 
  or just continue a tradition and transport them down under . 
  ireland set up a criminal assets bureau two decades ago after a high profile journalist was murdered by a crime boss . 
  they 'd confiscate anything that could n't be accounted for by legitimate means . 
  well at least once red lines are clearly identified there may be some progress on less contentious things like ... . . i 'm struggling to think of any . 
  international businesses are n't ignoring it . 
  women are a different colour ?
