  just one example ; ireland alone provides 20 % of the global baby food formula , we share ingredients with new zealand who make up another 20 % of the market . 
  what might seem like incredible optimism to you is merely a broad reality for me . 
  i 've emigrated twice and the knowledge and experience has stood me very well . 
  it 's a difference of perspective , to the uk the eu may seem as something to be abandoned but i see the eu as an opportunity . 
  i 've seen our trade grow in the eu and further afield independently of the uk and we 're not encumbered with any historical rivalries . 
  nearly everyone i know has some international experience so we think broadly , we have to , we 're a small nation . 
  we have to trade on our own terms . 
  yes , new trade obstacles with the uk would be problematic but we 've experienced other obstacles as traded past dependence on the uk market . 
  i guess your perspective depends on where you 're starting from . 
  as a child the uk was somewhere to escape the poverty of a priest ridden backward ireland , now for many irish emigrants the uk has become an afterthought as there 's a world out there !, 
  ireland 's not perfect , we have plenty of failings but we 're hungry and what one nation discards we may scoop up . 
  if a tariff war ensues then there will be damage . 
  the current trajectory suggests the uk removing to a norwegian type of engagement , outside the tent but trading freely . 
  it 's the threat of going further that 's driving interest out of the uk . 
  as it stands firms can effectively pay zero in france if they use the right loopholes so the corporate tax war is kinda moot . 
  ireland gets hammered for the its low tax rate because of its transparency . 
  look , like everyone told the greek chap last year , `` jacinta if you want to leave there 's the door '' . 
  jacinta will join the quiet norwegian guy out on the balcony for a few smokes . 
  she might even go down to the chinese for a while but ultimately the party continues . 
  we 're increasingly diversifying our markets . 
  twenty years ago the uk would have been our major market but joining the eurozone gave us immediate access that broke our dependency on the uk market . 
  even during our recent post building bubble bank crash a lot of sectors of the economy continued unaffected . 
  we 're still very close ties to the uk and the preexisting common travel area means nothing really changes if he uk leaves the eu . 
  what is happening more though is uk producers that can are setting up small versions of their business here to trade in the eurozone . 
  it 's basic common sense that profit can be lost to currency volatility and increasingly these businesses are looking to grow their production units where there 's less volatility . 
  there is far more upside for irish business if the uk leaves . 
  i have to potentially move to the uk for a few years soon and having checked i 'm sure that if i register in time i 'll be able to vote in your referendum . 
  if it were actually an eu referendum and not a uk one then i could n't vote as my eu vote is elsewhere . 
  anyway it 's in my longterm business interests for the uk to leave , as being outside the eurozone is already sending uk business my way !, 
  so selfishly i 'll be voting for the uk to leave but if by chance i 'm casting my vote in scotland i 'll be voting for the uk to stay , doing my bit for scottish independence !, 
   i think the eu needs britain more than the other way around . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  as it stands even with its large economy exporters to the uk have to factor in potential losses through stirling devaluation , many got burned when the # went to shit in 08 . 
  thats a bit pointless . 
  basically you 're saying that jacinta is n't enjoying the party and has told everyone she wants to leave but everyone has to have a vote to see if they want jacinta to stay . 
  jacinta can do what ever the fuck she wants , none of our business . 
  do n't worry , these special conditions are only notional . 
  they 're meaningless until they 're sought by all members at council vote . 
  this is just a pro-eu british prime minister trying to silence dissent within his own ranks . 
  he needs to be seen to have won something even though all he has is a commitment that the points he raised are on some future agenda . 
  that referendum was about rejecting the bailout document that tsipris walked away from before it was even finished . 
  he was grandstanding and when the vote rejected the unfinished document the fact that remained that there was no where left to go but back to the table for a bailout . 
  a waste of time and a destruction of the remaining empathy fellow members had for greece . 
  btw , for reasons predating the eu the uk by act of parliament decided not to treat the ireland republic as a foreign country for legal purposes . 
  could n't let go , eh ? 
  actually no , the brits in my mums nursing home use their british pension to cover less than half of the cost but the rest is covered by the host state . 
  britain leaves the eu then there 'll be bills following . 
  just hope a brexit does n't mean a repatriation of uk unemployed and healthcare contributions for brit retirees abroad . 
  its a union , not a federation , a union . 
  the uk narrative seems to want it to be more than a union though . 
  i guess centuries of condescending to other nations and cultures is a hard habit for britain to shake . 
  to be honest i 'd be happy for the uk to leave the eu if its not happy . 
  as a half member the uk is hardly going to appreciate it . 
  we have the same problem with brits on the dole here . 
  get over yourself , having primary access to the public health of other eu states makes it more than a customs union . 
  freedom to travel without visa restrictions make it more than customs unions . 
  freedom to move capital within the eu makes it more than a customs union . 
  if the uk wants to treat the eu like some territory it can impose its will on then its the one with the misunderstanding . 
  then again when i read the uk media i understand where the problem is . 
  free movement of capital , labour and travel make it more than a customs union . 
  i can only see the british getting an exemption as for a lot of eu countries cross border labour movement is far more common and a four year ban would would only add risk to interstate migration for eu citizens . 
  what britain 's asking essentially goes against the whole ethos of the common market , a common market that britain is only too eager to benefit from . 
  `` he might be a son of a bitch but he 's our son of a bitch '', 
   similar to how the european armed forces are folded into the nato infrastructure in times of crisis . 
  you do understand that arrangement is nothing to do with the eu ? 
  with allies like these who needs enemies ? 
  your concern is over who dominates when for all involved the main priority is that global trade continues unfettered , this benefits both china and the usa . 
  china is capitalistic in practice and in ways more so than the usa . 
  murky is an understatement . 
  does anyone believe binladen would have been caught if the local authorities had been warned in advance ? 
  how can the us influence pakistan internally short of full invasion ? 
  the answer is it ca n't . 
  i think the word * supremacy * is foremost when problems are countered militaristically . 
  japan is a proxy for us interests in the region so at some stage the us is going to have to get used to a china whose muscle matches its might . 
  as it stands china is happy to trade with the us but it will not allow another century of shame any time soon . 
  israel successfully defended itself without us help before and its whole mindset is defensive independence rather than dependence on third parties . 
  do n't forget israel does have strategic allies in the region too . 
   russia and eastern europe . 
  russia is blowing hot air , it needs european markets to bolster its petro economy . 
  they 're not as confrontational in the ukraine since oil prices collapsed . 
  russia 's adventures in syria are for domestic consumption . 
   china and japan they 're already at eachothers throats with the us involved . 
  regarding china in general its number one priority is internal stability , the world has more to fear from a chinese implosion than a chinese expansion . 
   israel and iran ancient rivalries but are more likely to work together than allow domestic interference from third parties . 
   india and pakistan stalemate . 
  if anything there 's little any outside force can do improve that relationship . 
  the nuclear genie is out of the bottle so the us influence is peripheral at best . 
  the us has got a military advantage that 's hard to counter but where it 's losing badly is in the war for hearts and minds . 
  when the only tool left is a hammer every problem starts looking like a nail . 
  over reliance on its military capabilities makes the us seem more like a exploitive bully than a fair trade partner . 
  the last half century of peace in europe is an aberration , its previous state was one of constant war and colonial rivalry . 
  building consensus within europe around military cooperation is fraught with historical connotations and so unity of purpose is extremely unlikely until a common external threat appears . 
  a good portion of the eu are former vassal or colonial states or conquered territories of other eu states so pooling military resources can as popular as the notion of the usa and mexico merging their military . 
  the misinterpretation of the eu as a federal union like the usa will always frustrate those who think there is a common cause . 
  some of my cousins in the us are planning a move to europe just for that reason alone . 
  i 'm against federalism for the simple reason i do n't see the point . 
  as it stands the tensions of union keeps everyone on their toes . 
  the greek crisis showed how one state was n't allowed to become dependent on the others and the potential brexit shows how another more powerful state simply ca n't dictate terms to europe . 
  it 's a two way street . 
  open eu market allows investment in new members which can create reasons for the ambitious to stay .
