  they 're still in shock from losing their majority in the assembly . 
  but that does n't answer the question of the root of all of greece 's problems as purported by the greeks themselves that being in the eu is torturous in the short , medium and long term . 
  surely you must agree that a nation with such weak will should be encouraged to leave a situation that they obviously do n't prosper from . 
   getting greece to leave would involve a lot of drama and bad publicity but the greeks were the ones making the drama whereas the ridiculous referendum that tsipris called on a debt deal that was n't concluded only inspired a counter offer of allowing greece to `` step out '' of both the eu and euro , a free pass on all their commitments and they did n't take it !, 
  why wo n't greece do the decent thing and bow out if they 're incapable of working with the union ? 
  at least the uk has the decency to act on their word . 
   the best scenario for the greeks is staying in and getting a permanent stream of money from politicians who desperately want to keep their failed experiment ( and their cosy jobs ) alive . 
  but that does n't make sense . 
  if the project is failed because greece could n't use it sensibly then it does n't make sense to allow greece continue in the voluntary union if it ca n't even be trusted not to misuse the common shared currency . 
  a debt opt-out for greece was discussed as it was felt it was cheaper to free greece of its eu obligations including debt than let the situation continue . 
  i thought considering greece 's protests against the eu that it was the logical option . 
  but greece was offered a free escape last year !, 
  the door was open . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  loads of people come on here everytime there 's a greek crisis which seems seasonal at this stage to tell us that the euro is killing greece , keeping it poor , so why are n't they asking to leave the euro and the eu which is supposedly the creator of all their problems ? 
  the united irishmen in 1798 were mostly presbyterians from belfast . 
   considering that almost no protestants are nationalists the annual orange order marches and bonfires are pretty colourful displays of british nationalism . 
  unification is already supported by the eu as sponsor of the good friday agreement . 
  that does n't mean it will happen , that 's a matter for voters there but brexit has made the middle path of self determination as a region almost impossible . 
  you changed your flair infowars . 
  who are you targeting today . 
  assembly size was reduced from 6 to 5 seats per constituency as a cost saving measure . 
  the standing line was free vote for its members but just remember the uup and dup are n't buddies . 
  wow , seismic events happening . 
  still a lot of dup seats looking likely but if they get below 29 then they wo n't be able to block same sex marriage . 
  the main nationalist party used to be anti-eu too !, 
  there are decades when nothing happens and then there are months when decades happen . 
  it really depends on how badly northern ireland fairs from brexit . 
  there 's unionists who did n't want to leave the eu and who 'll never vote nationalist but that does n't mean they 'll keep their conscience clear by staying at home . 
  the turnout looks definitely great in the nationalist areas . 
  hey , if it keeps them content then they should go for it . 
  if i were drunk i could at least rise above my cynicism . 
  hey when i warned people against buying a house at the height of the bubble in ireland i was called a traitor !, 
  afterwards the same said i was `` lucky '' i did n't buy !, 
  theyd do anything but actually think about it . 
   once we 've left , when they see no magical improvement in their lives , they 'll look for something else external to blame , no doubt . 
  they 'll blame remain voters for not warning them enough . 
  any voter that did n't use reasoning when voting is not going to use reasoning when assigning blame . 
  yeah , but eu austerity is like totally killing the greek the people , like they 're totally suffering , like eating their babies , but like turkey is like an old friend , they 're neighbours but the eu is just a bunch of weirdo 's who only care about fiscal accountability and if the greece was like liberated like the uk is with brexit then they could like print loads of their own money to pay for all the stuff they need to buy so they do n't have to eat their own babies , you know ? 
  and wrap it in your daily mail , about the only use for it . 
  oh go read your daily mail . 
  however if a hammer is your only tool then every problem begins to look like a nail . 
  investing and partnership in developing countries is as productive in countering terrorism . 
  still does n't stop overstayers being deported . 
  i 'm totally fine with that , they knew what they were getting into when they chose to overstay . 
  funny you mention that . 
  i know a trump supporting relative in new york who 's all for kicking out mexicans but sees nothing wrong with helping illegal irish !, 
  that 's not counting then regular journeys etc. . . or we could just cooperate more to ensure british terrorists are n't let into the eu in the first place . 
  1.700.000 commute daily across eu borders . 
  ok , so what you 're now is that if i do n't speak english to your liking i 'm not really irish ? 
  i think it proves that pr systems are better for consensus building than fptp voting . 
   i 'm just curious as to why you speak your nation 's primary language so badly . 
  irish and english are both legal languages in the republic . 
  why have you got such an big anglophile hard-on ? 
   your english is dire . 
  that 's because i 'm not english !, 
  where have you been ? 
  have you missed the repeated claims that the eu is forcing austerity on greece ? 
  i say release greece so it can escape austerity . 
  yeah but have n't not been listening to suffering in greece ? 
  surely according to that nothing could be worse than being treated badly by the eu !, 
  the need help to leave . 
  for god sakes , have n't you missed all the complaints from greece about the eu making their poorer ? 
  they 're better off out of the eu . 
  why not ? 
  being the eu has n't helped greece . 
  they should be helped leave . 
  do you really want them to suffer more in a union that 's according to them is strangling them ? 
  i 've been saying it for ages , greece is better off out of the eu and in a trade bloc with turkey or others of similar development . 
  four decades of eu/eec membership and every new member has passed them out . 
  well what 's your local rate ? 
  countering the mistruths rather than playing the fake news game is the best attack . 
   britain is a country of 65million different people , not a monolithic bloc that makes decisions together unanimously . 
  they voted by democracy process for brexit . 
  but your all queens subjects . 
  hundreds of years ago ? 
  british paratroopers were still shooting unarmed irish in the back in the 1970s , in my lifetime . 
  i do n't care . 
  britain tried to wipe out the irish population and failed . 
  ireland is still irish . 
  at least you have harry potter to escape to . 
   are you dense ? 
  are you belligerent ? 
  or alternatively stop using the other member states as scape goats for failures in your own domestic politics !, 
  i remember for years european elections being used as warm up campaigns for national elections . 
  very often you 'd get a newly elected mep resigning when a national election was called so they could run in it . 
  i think one of the brexit initiatives is the banning of anything other than canteen coffee poured by tea ladies . 
  powder keg lived up to its name . 
  it 's political term ascribed to a geographical situation . 
  only british imperialists use it . 
  as a fanboy of imperialism i know you must find it hard that those who survived repeated attempts to extirpate the irish identity use our own geographical terms . 
  you did come close in the 19th century when you halved the native irish populace . 
  its entirely obvious that britain is n't irish and ireland is n't british and only someone with an imperial agenda would insist otherwise . 
  i think it 's pretty clear that the uk ca n't have a say in future plans that do n't involve them . 
  you are right that voting rights remain on existing matters but once a50 starts the uk is on a divergent path and is not expected to provide any funding on project planned from that point on . 
  a50 was insisted upon by the uk allow a member leave the union but it also protects the remaining members . 
  the uk really ca n't complain about what the eu plans for itself post brexit when it does n't want to be a part of it . 
  so that 's why you just asserted it , because you will not argue it . 
  got it . 
  as i said , i 'm not of or know nothing about the british isles so i ca n't vouch for christianized pagan sites there .
