  hang on , i 'll just tweet them !, 
  what can i say , irish people do n't like being waterboarded or being shot dead for marching for their civil rights . 
   there has to be one . 
  well if the electorate are willing to the chance then that 's that . 
  forget the eu , even the wto states its unworkable . 
  the cta is n't even a agreement , its a floating arrangement . 
  it has nothing to do with pre-eu residency rights . 
  how the fuck can there not be some sort of eu/uk border ? 
  you 'll get an obe for your service to delusions . 
  good , you should talk to them about being deployed to patrol uk streets . 
  we 've moved on from empire , you should too . 
  any personal memories of army checkpoints and orange order marches ? 
  you ca n't stop them without erecting a physical border against the republic . 
  obviously peoples memories are short . 
  do you have personal memory of the troubles , army checkpoints etc ? 
  ever wonder what motivated the hunger strikers ? 
  import inflation included ? 
  or they 'd think it could only be an extension of their empire to condescend to , just as they do today . 
  great mountaineering tradition . 
  lovely people , have worked with loads in ireland and it 's with sadness that i see many being lured home but best of luck . 
  its controversial because the uk thinks it can redesign ireland 's eu commitments . 
  so how are you going to stop eu citizens crossing into the uk from the republic ? 
  we have more negotiating as a part of the eu any time before , like when shooting unarmed irish civil rights protesters was british policy . 
  mere subjects should n't even comment . 
  are you saying ireland wo n't be an eu state after the uk leaves ? 
  not for you to figure out ? 
  what are you , a slave ? 
  the cta has nothing to do with pre eu residency rights in both nations . 
  it 's meaningless . 
  it 's not even an agreement . 
  it 's a floating arrangement with zero residency implications . 
  how 's the cta going to stop eu citizens passing freely from the republic into the uk ? 
  for the fucking fifteenth million time , the cta has nothing to do with the residency laws that allow brits to live in ireland . 
  they will still be subject in ireland to the same restrictions they impose on eu citizens in the uk job market . 
  the cta has nothing to with legal status in either nation . 
  those rights existed even when the cta was withdrawn . 
  while residency is still covered by the 1935 free state act , brits will still be subject to eu laws in ireland , including restrictions to the irish eu job market . 
  ignoring irelands existence is an act of the highest contempt by the uk . 
  see the graphs showing the number of uk residents in eu countries . 
  ireland does n't exist even though we have the highest number of brits outside the uk . 
  british embassies being burnt out did n't happen in anyone imagination . 
  we 're not going to stop eu citizens from entering northern ireland so the cta is a non runner . 
  we 're not going to stop eu citizens from entering northern ireland where everyone is entitled to be an eu citizen . 
  fuck back off across the sea . 
  they do n't even consider ireland an eu country . 
  shower of waterboarding cunts . 
  so according to the white paper ireland is n't an eu nation . 
  fuck off cunts . 
  sorry , i misunderstood . 
  i was including government in parliament in my thinking . 
  sorry , i misunderstood . 
  i was including government in parliament in my thinking . 
  there was n't a fucking famine you gimp . 
  there was enough food on the island . 
  it was a genocidal mass starvation of the irish populace . 
  even hitler admired britain for that . 
  so please fuck off and read a book about the irish genocide . 
  do n't know but honestly the whole passport stamp thing is n't as common in western countries . 
  your passport would be scanned at point of entry and when leaving so they 'll have it on their database if you overstayed your tourist visa . 
  there was no shortage of food in ireland so it was not a famine . 
  it was a british induced genocidal mass starvation . 
  fling whatever insults you want but it 's the same uninterrupted westminster parliament that rules you now . 
  coming from the nation that used waterboarding on its citizens in recent times . 
  what mistake did we make , not starving fast enough for you ? 
  say fascist and look in the mirror . 
  800 years ? 
  living memory you prick . 
  now fuck off you prick . 
  fuck off then and put me on your ignore list cunt . 
  did the nazis half europes population like britain had halved ireland in the 19th century . 
  fuck off with yourself cunt . 
  you vassal of trump !, 
  let me see . 
  nation that shot unarmed innocent irish civilians and used waterboarding in recent decades expects ireland to follow it out of club where human rights are law ? 
  if the cta was an actual reciprocal agreement then you may be on to something . 
  however the cta is a floating arrangement that has been dropped before when it suited one side . 
  there is no ball . 
  uk citizens have a right to residency in ireland under a 1935 free state act so in effect you 're not treated as foreign . 
  however without irish eu citizenship you only have secondary access to the job market . 
  uk citizens have a right to residency in ireland under a 1935 free state act so in effect you 're not treated as foreign . 
  however without irish eu citizenship you only have secondary access to the job market . 
  but the cta is n't an agreement . 
  the uk disregarded it before without consulting ireland so it really is no loss . 
  well if authority is n't with parliament then who was going to do it ? 
  britain pulling them out of the uk will be punishment enough but you might actually enjoy that . 
  i think the eu a50 team said it could be wrapped up in 18 months . 
  as none of the eu treaties can be renegotiated to suit either side in a50 it really is just about the uk finding out what it can retain outside of the four freedoms . 
  i think it could happen a lot quicker once it 's apparent that the brexiters ca n't get free trade without free movement . 
  christ on a bike . 
  we all know this is for customers . 
  that 's what this thread is about . 
  go dig up a thread about inter telecom billing if that 's what you want to talk about . 
  well as it stands i talk to people in different countries via the internet on my phone . 
  free roaming is what this thread is about . 
  how legacy telecom monopolies bill each is n't the issue . 
  i just returned from spain where roaming cost no less or more than where my acc is registered , explain that ? 
  what 's even sadder is as president he 's not even trying to rule for everyone he 's responsible to , only those 26 % of the electorate that voted for him . 
  head blown !, 
  all it takes is one upstart provider to start offering deal widely and they all follow . 
  it 's how all state airlines suddenly became affordable for everyone after the arrival of budget airlines like easyjet and ryanair .
