  it would also mean a referendum in ireland to change treaty wording and given the slide back into the anglo-irish cold war there 's little hope of the irish electorate aiding any british government . 
  ireland calling itself a european isle the same as iceland is nonsensical ? 
  please do spin on . 
  as expected your claim on its first colony is asserted aggressively . 
  why do n't you call iceland british ? 
  do you view iceland as a european island ? 
  true but they should n't be pushing british attitudes under a irish flag . 
  how would you feel about usa trump supporters pushing their agenda under an irish flag ? 
  if you remember those times you 'll remember that there was widespread support for raiding the funds to support the banks to keep the banks lending . 
  even sein fein voted for the bail out although they tried unsuccessfully to make they did n't later !, 
  there 's a bunch a brit apologists appropriating the irish flag on this forum . 
  i hope you 're not one . 
  in the face of a geriatric crisis , all pensions will be raided . 
  its unavoidable . 
  some people do expect that . 
  some actually believe there is no war in syria but the a french author was a bestseller saying 9/11 never actually happened . 
  same in ireland , still no recognition by britain of the genocide they did against christians there . 
  they can eat sovereignty sandwiches . 
  the irish isles are looking good . 
  anglo-celtic is fine . 
  it 's actually a term i heard used a lot in australia to describe the early colonies initial mix of nationalities . 
  north european isles then . 
  i really do n't understand why you have such a hard on for imperialism . 
  then why not call them the european isles ? 
  you 're just defending british imperialism . 
  unfortunately it 's indicative of a antiquated world view where even leading brexit ministers like davis twice stated that the border in ireland is an internal uk border . 
  either through ignorance or incompetence , ireland is still not recognised as a fully separate entity in britain and that misconception may have serious security repercussions if britain remilitarizes its uk border in ireland . 
  and that would be the republic . 
  see the thread title ? 
   sorry edge boy , but it being contemporary does n't make it a holy grail that can not be touched . 
  there 's the threat of a hard british border on the island of ireland again and you do n't see a problem ? 
  that 's actually good . 
  the eu isles ? 
  britain is still in ireland . 
  go tell irish communities in northern ireland they 're british and see who quickly your balls disappear up your anus . 
   yeah , let 's send all the protestants in northern ireland back to britain so as a protestant republican where should i go ? 
  ireland is nice too . 
  no , most brits i know know fuck all about the empire but they 're plenty about trafalgar , the somme and the nazis . 
  ask them what caused the great hunger in ireland and they 'll tell it was the potato failing and not the british policies of privation that made millions entirely dependent on that one crop while beef and corn were being exported from ireland , even as irish starved in their millions . 
  calling ireland is like saying the jews had it coming . 
  you brits will never understand because you do n't know your own history . 
  you know more about nazi history than you know about your own empire !, 
  there 's nothing logical about this entire topic . 
  calling ireland british is and always was an extremely confrontational attack . 
  there is no joking to be had when with the uk closing down the border in ireland and do n't give that ukipper bullshit that it 's the eu making that happen . 
  a nation is being divided yet again by the same fucking bastards who wo n't just fuck off to their own country . 
  and worse is britain complains about taking back control when whilst occupying another nation !, 
  yeah , try calling ireland british in a party in ireland and see how long it takes for your reeducation . 
   i 'm saying that they were n't trying to wipe out the irish race . 
  what were they doing when they halved the population in the 18th cen , you know where you exported food from ireland whilst putting the cost of feeding the starving back on them ? 
  no , only the posts that call ireland british . 
  you think occupying other nations is funny . 
  go to the flashpoints in northern ireland and then tell how fucking funny it is . 
  blaming the victim for their torturers incompetence . 
  let me guess , you 're you of those pricks who think britain 's relationship with ireland entirely benevolent . 
  learn your own history before thinking about stepping out the door first . 
  good piece although it must be pointed out that although cyprus and malta are excluded , irish citizens , although with no commonwealth ties , are also considered not foreign for the purposes of uk domestic law . 
  i know , i mean it 's purely a geographical term . 
  i mean , it 's not at all offensive . 
   i never , ever said it has to be considered british , nor that it is culturally british . 
  defending the term british isles is defending british imperialism . 
  ireland is not culturally british and you should stop trying to defend british imperialism . 
  are you saying there was never any attempt to remove the irish people off their own lands ? 
  tell that to the brexiters . 
  they think they have less sovereignty than ireland . 
  the british isles is not acceptable . 
  if the lions tour to new zealand can observe a separate geographic distinction then there is no excuse for arguing for the its continuance . 
  unless you 're a raving imperialist who refuses to accept that other nations do n't want to be ruled by britain . 
  you find the halving of a nations population ridiculous ? 
  well in irish wales is called little britain . 
  the world is n't british anymore . 
  it 's an island off europe , which is being given as the defense for retaining an covetous imperialist term for ireland . 
  but politically it is considered european , actually go to r/iceland and come back to me with their own answer . 
  why is n't iceland included as british in that article ? 
  the basic fact is that 's there 's actually no reason to use it . 
  event the shorthand geographical argument is flawed when iceland is never included in the appellation . 
  so if iceland 's is recognised as unrelated to britain then there is no excuse . 
  if you find halving of the irish population in the 19th century funny then i bet you think the holocaust was hilarious . 
  but ireland is not british despite the best attempts by britain to wipe out the irish race . 
  yes , but very important when pursuing major negotiations with said neighbour . 
  i reckon once britain becomes an eu dominion they should be called the irish isles , purely geographical of course with no political connotations whatsoever . 
  the british and irish lions tour did n't ruffle any feathers by clarifying the geographical distinction . 
  it 's only imperialists who insist on calling ireland british . 
   what do you call the group of islands off the european continent then ? 
  well if that 's all it 's about then why is n't iceland called a british isle ? 
  it 's an imperial territorial title , as exemplified by those irish unionists who identify as british first . 
  a further misconception is that these are not equivalent to roles in a sovereign state as the eu is not a federation , its a voluntary union . 
  i did n't know that . 
  got a link to when he proposed this ? 
  this type of tax evasion measure has been pushed elsewhere in the eu , long before the greek crisis . 
  are n't that new tax receipt laws helping improve tax intake and reducing evasion in greece ? 
  that colisseum was really something to behold in that setting . 
  i did a bit of independent travel around tunisia before 9/11 but would n't do it now . 
  yeah , the problem with having this infant as your pointman is that people start putting deals on the long finger , literally . 
  it 's actually pretty easy to shut them up . 
  in my local pub we had a texan in one night with a voice as projecting as his fat ass . 
  anyway we were all getting a bit tired of his lecturing about terror so we told him we 'd actually converted to islam after 9/11 . 
  we even had someone tipped off to say praise allah as they came in and we 'd all respond in kind . 
  that fat fuck shut up for the rest of his drink and cleared off quickly . 
  thank fuck they 're not allowed bring their guns .
