  and daily mail readership would be a greater proportion !, 
  unfortunately though there will be an eu/uk land border post brexit and what ever preexisting arrangements the uk/ire have will have comply with the new uk/eu regime . 
  talking solely to dublin is pointless . 
  what i would envisage happening is more tax harmonisation between ni and the republic which would negate the need for customs posts . 
  at present the corporate tax rate is almost the same . 
  while ni would remain in the uk , the uk/eu customs post would withdraw to the sea and airports . 
  a far cheaper arrangement for the london government than reestablishing and patrolling a land border . 
  i agree . 
  when the uk joined the eu the existing arrangement with australia remained fluid for a while but eventually tightened . 
  uk and irish citizens in australian had to take some form of permanent residency if they wanted to continue coming and going there . 
  they could retain their original nationality . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm glad some one else can appreciate the potential impact on polish and other eu citizens currently residing in the uk . 
  i 've worked with polish and they 've told me of this attitude of emigrants being taught of as traitors even though most send their earnings home to their families in poland , whose spendings then feed the polish economy . 
  it may predate the eu but exists alongside schengen . 
  the uk leaving the eu removes that opt out as the uk , as one side of the cta is no longer a member . 
  in many ways it 's in irelands business interest to join the schengen zone . 
  but they are still polish , they do n't become british just until they renounce their polish identity . 
  i 've lived abroad for years but i 'll always be irish . 
  working abroad is not unpatriotic . 
  tell that to those who say otherwise . 
  but you know that unlike the other non-euro eu countries the uk has a complete opt-out . 
  you do n't think the uk is exceptional ? 
  btw , ireland is in the euro . 
  thought you knew that . 
  those exceptions are n't available to new members . 
  new members must adopt the single currency for example . 
  denmarks currency must shadow the euro and sweden has to join eventually . 
  only the uk has a definite opt out on that . 
  exceptions agreed with the eu . 
  british exceptionalism is about a whole lot more than one vote . 
  consider the uk existing exceptional status for instance . 
  ca n't see ukip wanting to give her platform space , the french advising brits away from the eu !, 
   ukip has 1 seat ( out of 650 ) in the houses of parliament . 
  but on preference are n't they third ? 
  you 'll find plenty of irish share the `` brits out '' mantra . 
  i suppose we need to clarify what position the uk would be in immediately after brexit , eu dominion ? 
  hey , just pull out of northern ireland and you 'll be finished with us , plus then you wo n't have an eu land border !, 
  ( gibraltar aside but you could build a moat there ), 
  it could certainty just add complications for polish working in the uk but i doubt poland would sacrifice access to the rest of the european market just to satisfy british exceptionalism . 
  that was well after the larne gun run which probably did most to bring about division . 
  nah , you 've sold it to me , `` brits out ! '', 
  wanting change in the eu is not being anti-eu . 
  ukip on the other hand ... . . 
  it would be an awful shame if after a brexit the best that could be achieved is norway status . 
  thanks for that link . 
  i 'll have a look later when i 've time . 
  we learned about the sequence , benelux , treaty of rome , our accession to the eec etc. . 
   so club = country , national team = europe . 
  very good . 
  must remember that . 
  freedom to travel and work . 
  no death penalty . 
  no armed civil culture like in the americas . 
  diversity . 
  generally superior food quality . 
  compromise where elsewhere there 's war , have traveled over enough minefield borders to appreciate this . 
  good variety of weather . 
  wow , downvotes . 
  must be from the land of the free . 
  but the unionists armed themselves from germany against the home rule bill in the parliament of the united kingdom . 
  they had created ni years before the treaty without the consent of the entire irish populace . 
  what will be very telling is the attitude of westminster when faced with the prospect of having to fund both the replacement of eu funding to ni and establishing a post brexit customs border . 
  they ca n't negotiate directly with ireland on this , they 'd have to talk directly to the eu bloc . 
  thanks for your perspective . 
   unionists can say irish people do n't belong here and should go to the republic . 
  they ca n't say that though as it is the unionist who belongs to and clings to another nation outside of ireland . 
  if the brexit vote is a clear majority then there wo n't be calls for a second ballot . 
  the two irish votes were very close and on both revotes the no vote did n't grow much whereas the yes vote increased substantially . 
  back then one of the false claims of the no vote was that the eu would introduce abortion . 
  but the eu is not a sovereign state like the uk , scotland may have a devolved government but concessional power resides in london . 
  no eu nation has that same claim . 
  do n't interfere . 
  we must let democracy take its course . 
   the eu is an ugly mess of politicians bickering , trying fighting for their own advantage and making compromises . 
  show me a national government that does n't do the same !, 
  if anything the eu is a good continental wide amalgam of the politics practiced on local , regional and national levels . 
  i do n't have a yacht but others do . 
  is this unfair ? 
  same with greece , they 've got thousands of guest workers from outside the eu . 
  ultimately the populaces are complicit in allowing this . 
  spain imports workers from south america to do fruit picking that the unemployed locals wo n't do . 
  london produces 1 in 5 pounds !, 
  and if it gets really terse a pro-union element might buy guns from germany and declare their own unionist enclave in the uk !, 
  because the uk is in northern ireland . 
  you have n't been to northern ireland so you 're not going to understand . 
  have you been to northern ireland ? 
  the uk still occupies a part of ireland . 
  but the uk thinks the eu is a conspiracy against them !, 
  the eu is responsible for everything wrong in the uk !, 
  the `` xit '' suffex did n't give it away ? 
  same with ukip . 
  that civil war is over ? 
  but the populace is still heavily armed . 
  is n't it easy to blame others when a solo run does n't work out . 
  on science i 'm going on what the unis have been saying and redditers here . 
  as it stands increased fees are making uk students increasingly avail of studies in the eu . 
  [ here are some options . 
  ] ( http://eunicas.co.uk/ ) no doubt lower entry restrictions post brexit would attract more international fee paying students whose parents still view the uk as having extra cache , the types that are already being courted ; education is a big industry . 
  i agree .
