  ireland made reforms and exited their bailout programme years ago . 
  the sovereign bond is so good they floated a hundred year bond recently . 
  that makes greece look even worse !!!, 
   four decades of what ? 
  reforms have only began in the past few years . 
  so four decades in and they decide they to reform ? 
  all the new member since , except maybe bulgaria , have passed them by and they 're more right to be pissed off the lagging greeks than everyone else seeing as they contribute to bailing out greece . 
  no , no more aid to greece . 
   fine , collect debts once the economy has become a functioning western world country . 
  if four decades of membership ca n't help greece then their really is n't any point in supporting them as a member any longer . 
  turkey could possibly provide some help perhaps . 
  i believe greece and turkey are old friends . 
   if it were desirable for membership in the eu to be conditional , or revocable , they would have put into the treaties clauses to that effect . 
  you mean like article 50 ? 
  there is no agreement between eu states that one member must be funded by all the rest . 
  in fact on one forced anyone to bailout greece and no one is forcing greece to leave . 
  everyone can just stop funding greece if greece continues to blame those who stood by it . 
  what promise of unconditional membership ? 
  do you believe greek and uk eu membership is entirely for their benefit at everyone else 's expense ? 
  i do n't want the greeks to suffer . 
  i 've actually being championing their liberation from all obligations to the eu member states , just like what the uk is doing . 
  they can then print their own currency they need , just like the uk . 
  was n't communism an ideal which raised many dictators ? 
  its not they got popular promising gulags . 
  perhaps if greece actually taxed their shipping magnates then they would n't need to beg off other nations to bridge their spending gap . 
  but i know , the real problem is those nasty germans making stuff the world wants . 
  your anglocentric narrative is no longer relevant . 
  that 's how charles dickens described the usa when he visited . 
  he was disgusted that his intellectual property rights were being openly flaunted . 
  a trade surplus is not a currency manipulation like what swiss do or what greece used to do and germany is n't the only ez member with a trade surplus . 
  by your argument its the ecb that is the currency manipulator . 
  this is just anglocentric media playing to the status anxiety of nations who 've lost competitiveness to the likes of germany . 
  as a germany car maker said if trump wants people to buy fewer german cars then american car makers have got to produce better cars !, 
  citing currency manipulation as the problem plays down the real problem of lost competitiveness . 
   germans are the ones who set the policy of the eu which sets the policy for all eu states . 
  the euro is based on the political independence of the german central central . 
  no other ez candidate could provide that political neutrality . 
  germany politics does n't set the ez agenda , germanys central bank price stability does . 
  this is like a straight jacket for ez governments who were used to printing away their problems when they controlled their currency . 
  you ca n't compare one state in a currency union with several other states with another nation that prints its own currency . 
  having said that i have met british people who think that each ez nations has their own version of the euro so i can understand your misreading of the situation if you are british . 
  growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell . 
  printing money only creates price inflation , see the uk wage growth since 08 for proof . 
  look the euro was based on the dm because of the political independence of the german central bank . 
  only nations who rely on manipulating their currency for political expediency like the uk , and switzerland would accuse germany of interfering in the political independence of their own central bank . 
  the economist is an unapologetic englocentic publication , it supported the iraq war when germany did n't for example so it 's not hard to see that they 'd have a bias . 
  look at the uk , no one is asking them to stay so you 're just talking shite . 
  greece can fuck right off out of the eu if they are n't happy . 
  i read that piece and the part that it does n't cover is that germany is a currency union with many other states but switzerland is n't , which makes any comparison meaningless . 
  to follow the logic of the piece every member of the euro is a currency manipulator because it 's not using its own floating currency . 
  the economist should be compare switzerland agains the entire eurozone !, 
  it 's about your savings . 
  hey if you want to print euros just to give the greeks who just increase their spending at a faster rate than their productivity , then you 're only devaluing your wealth . 
  let them print their own drachma . 
  so they 'll just increase spending more and then asking for more to make up the short fall ? 
  they can fuck right off . 
  it 's got all the tallies , including transfers patterns . 
  i ca n't see there anything more useful . 
  the wiki has this graph . 
  there is a grain of truth , even if ti sounds bombastic . 
  the rcc only burned their last heretic under two hundred years ago , and even then they complained about not be able to burn the heretic alive !, 
  the authorities only allowed the church burn the heretic after he was executed . 
  let greece go . 
  what about people savings ? 
  if the greeks believe printing money is their salvation then they can do it with their own currency . 
  they 'd still end up needing euros for imports afterwards , just like they needed the dm before . 
  go to the map on the belfast telegraph for the election coverage . 
  well it distinctly is a part of spain , its not like the brits towed a lump of britain and parked it there . 
   it would presumably require some other changes to spanish nationality legislation spain already allows dual nationality for people from former spanish territories so i 'd imagine it 's straight forward . 
  it 's where they were treated humanely . 
  have you seen the conditions in the camps in turkey and greece ? 
  besides why are n't you pricks taking in the refugees you created . 
  so syria is n't a humanitarian crisis ? 
  ok then . 
  no , really old english catholic around preston . 
  so do you believe that syrians got the usa and its hounds to destablise their homeland just so they could migrate ? 
  well it 's not like they can return at the moment . 
  syria is still a shit storm . 
  yes , the dal riada will return to liberate scotland . 
  i never thought this would be a thing for at least another generation but brexit has brought the question forward . 
  the total collapse of the unionist vote in the border regions , especially in the dup leaders constituency , shows that economics is taking a greater priority over peoples lives than the sectarianism of the past . 
  these border communities are heavily interlinked in the food business and being split up would cause huge problems . 
  however i do n't think a border vote is a runner until everyone sees first hand what post brexit regime is in place . 
  if brexit causes minimal disruption then i can see a border poll waiting for another post troubles generation to consider . 
  there 's also the economic cost of a customs border that makes reunification a better option in the long run . 
  westminster already signed off on the process that allows northern ireland to either continue as is , declare independence as separate nation or join the republic . 
  who do you think the orange in the tricolour represents . 
  the truth is that unionist are british nationalists regardless of their religion and the some british catholics i 've met are stridently more pro monarchal than some friends i know from unionist areas . 
  i could never understand how people kept thinking that refuge = residency . 
  they were emergency measures , not actually immigration policy . 
  [ prepare to puke . 
  ] ( http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6001/5974511997_14664972af_z.jpg ), 
  dual citizenship does n't dilute sovereignty . 
  i 'm only talking about dual citizenship options for residents in both territories , nothing else . 
  yes but people who identify as british in northern are n't restricted from a republic passport , they can be dual citizens . 
  that 's the same idea for gibraltar , dual citizenship . 
  no one is being asked to rescind their british citizenship . 
  germany was very attractive then , i loved munich . 
  most of the brit emigrants i met in australia went out there in the 80s . 
   ... . . shows the greater sacrifice we 've made for our countries future as a fully independent nation .
