  intent is enough . 
  the uks chair has been removed and the remaining members already have an appointee to negotiate with the uk about the exit process . 
  it 's over . 
  we had our brexit a hundred years ago , life goes on . 
  all my british friends eligible for irish passports started the process on friday . 
  the uk were party to drafting article 50 , they 're gone . 
  no , cameron had said once brexit was passed he would instigate it . 
  all he 's done in his resignation is pass the torch . 
  the uk is gone . 
  the eu now has 27 members . 
  non binding in the uk but you 're back to zero with the eu . 
  but intent is established . 
  the remaining eu has already appointed a bureaucrat to deal with the uk . 
  a written communique is not required , camerons commitment to article 50 being instigated in the event of brexit is enough . 
  good day . 
  there 's no other option unless there 's a snap election which would put in a government with a mandate to shelve the vote . 
  this is a uk issue , not an eu one . 
  we 're the ones with the threat of a new land border , get to grips with that cunt . 
  we ca n't wait for uk . 
  it would be undemocratic to ignore the vote . 
  the uks light in europe was snuffed out by their own democratic action . 
  the union does not exist entirely for one nations benefit . 
  nah , the uk is parked , their chair is gone from the table . 
  i agree with your sentiment , we do n't want a return of the troubles but a new border will create problems we ca n't ignore . 
  you 're right and queen victoria was a major champion of prussia although i think she cooled her enthusiasm after german unification . 
  why would we want england back when it will shit on the good friday agreement that was written in blood ? 
  calling this vote without provisions for the gfa was arrogance towards your neighbour . 
  we 'll have to deal with the fallout for decades to come but england will have to go via brussels if it wants to talk to dublin . 
  anglo irish talks are over . 
  how do you know . 
  there 's a lot of very pissed off people on both sides of the border in ireland . 
  go there and ask how they feel right now . 
  we 'll oppose any fuckwittery from england in the future on this matter . 
  well the uk never consulted us about the establishment of an eu/uk customs border across the island of ireland . 
  i 'm sorry the vote did n't go the way you wanted but you 'll just have to accept now that anyone of the eu members can veto an english reentry . 
  you ca n't dictate your will on a club you 've left . 
  it sucks but that 's the way it is . 
  btw , your welcome to come to ireland to establish residency while the uk is still in the eu . 
  brexit undermined the good friday agreement . 
  you can fuck right off . 
  you voted away your right to have a say in what happens in the eu . 
  now fuck off . 
  greeks are free to leave too . 
  actually after liberation from turkey , greece held a referendum to adopt the british monarchy as their own , the british parliament turned it down as they did n't want a major territory concern in europe beyond gibraltar . 
  actually boris johnson campaigned for turkey in the eu against the mood of most of europe . 
  for one ireland could block england 's entry if england opposes a united ireland . 
   we 'll end up reducing our taxes to stupid levels if need be or rejoining the eu . 
  to rejoin you 'll have to gain unanimous support of all members . 
  england adopting the euro ? 
  i ca n't see that happening anytime in the next twenty years !, 
  actually london only recently regained its pre wwii population . 
  it had been shrinking until the late 80s so growth spurt is actually very recent . 
  it can quickly go in reverse again . 
  unfortunately the uk now looks like too much of a risk . 
  why would anyone move to the uk with the threat of more anti emigrant politics . 
  only people from poorer countries outside the eu would take that risk for low pay . 
  i 'd say 2 most likely . 
  the eu wants brexit resolved without delay so 3 is out of the question and i do n't blame them . 
  the uk was part of the drafting of article 50 so they have no excuse for delay . 
  what will england be after a scotex ? 
  congrats on making it through to the next round of the euros , great match !, 
  well said . 
  in truth our priority now is to just get on with the inevitable readjustment . 
  any eu orientated uk citizen is welcome in ireland but the socially divisive ukip narrative will not go down well here , even our most nationalist party are pro eu membership . 
  they want security from the bear . 
  eu/uk customs border will run across ireland . 
  the gfa proceeded under eu freedom of movement and goods . 
  brexit is the end of anglo irish talks , now london must talk to dublin via brussels . 
  well done fuckers . 
   i totally agree , it makes me sick how bad people on this subreddit are treating us . 
  you 're right . 
  we 're dropping the euro and adopting sterling , there 's an eu delegation on its way to ask your queen to be monarch of the union . 
   almost everyone on the leave campaign accepted that europe are and would ideally remain our close friends . 
  i 'm sorry but friends do n't put a bomb under the good friday agreement !, 
  now we have to contend with the possibility of a border being reinstated in ireland after two decades of hard fought for peace . 
  just go . 
  snp do remind me of the home rule movement in ireland and once home rule was suspended the movement led to open revolt exactly 100 years ago . 
  i believe steam trains are being brought back and coalmines are been reopened . 
  i believe there 's even retired miners willing to go back down mines to show pampered young pups how to work the best coal seams . 
  its a collection of nation states with converging economic and social interests . 
  the uk doest feel it shares those economic and social interests . 
  well the uk just shat on the good friday agreement with us its open season as far as many here are concerned . 
  botox and viagra too !, 
  there is now . 
  we kept our end of the good friday agreement , it 's the uk that undermined that . 
  yeah but i 've already seen facebook posts by people form staunch unionist area in northern ireland asking how they get their irish eu passport !, 
  well brexit was good for buying sterling , i bought in at .80, 
  you 're getting down voted for highlighting an old tax avoidance practice . 
  are you going to tell me the british government did everything it could to relieve the famine ? 
  what about travelyans differing attitude between famine in scotland and ireland ? 
  you 're a genocide denier . 
  indeed grain was donated by native american tribes and irish in america , even a turkish donation was turned away by the british government . 
  britain committed genocide in ireland and their apologists do the same job as holocaust deniers . 
  even the economist says the whole case needs reexamination . 
  the revisionists are many but abandoned villages and mass graves of that era remain . 
  well i 've offered to host you a venue for your lecture , you ca n't back up your words . 
  if the shoe were on the other foot and ireland had shipped food out of britain while british starved in a great famine what would you call that ? 
  would you be an irish apologist ? 
  you 're calling the deliberate starvation of a nation a fantasy . 
  look i can come to you if you like and you can tell me to my face .
