  it 's just a cop out . 
  plenty of nations who did n't create the current mess in the middle east have done their bit , why does n't poland want to help at all ? 
  but the uk never has to face the qualifying round . 
  so those who did n't agree are not poland 's allies ? 
  what are then , the enemy ? 
  what threat did iraq pose to poland ? 
  poland was the fourth largest military army involved in the iraq war so i think it 's a moral imperative that they take some of the refugees created by the power vacuum that destablized the region . 
  explain exactly who you meant . 
  betting on lordi winning was probably the easiest money i ever made . 
  when they won their qualifier i googled them and found they already had a wide fanclub base across europe . 
  got them at 8/1 . 
  he 'll win the stereotype competition though . 
  british nationalism would have seen deserters shot . 
  you mean she rightly smacked down multinationals like apple who liberally interpret their total eu liabilities . 
  its a win win for ireland and all member stares . 
  irish nationalism does n't put troops in other nations , british nationalism does . 
  i see headlines in the uk tabloids and i wonder if i 've stumbled into some inside joke that everyone forgets exists but now accepts as reality . 
  as henry ford said `` if you think you 're right , you 're right . 
  if you think you 're wrong , you 're right ! '', 
  well if you think the uk joining the euro is a good idea then you do n't need to bring it up with us . 
  can you imagine after all the bullshit that the uk has slung at us over the decades that they should be allowed back in and keep all their opt-outs ? 
  to them that would be a reward . 
  i ca n't see the uk ever accepting the euro and freedom of movement . 
  they 's rather go poor than become a real member . 
  facts are irrelevant ? 
  yeah , brexit is going to go swimmingly . 
  we 've answered our tax regime every year and every year it is up held . 
  who are caught out are companies that abuse the rate by liberally interpreting their liabilities , the apple ruling was a win , win for us as all the packaging for that evasion was done in london !, 
  besides germany and france have their state champions subsidies to defend which actually can reduce a liability to less than ireland transparent . 
  it 's actually so good that you prime minister wants to copy us as many eastern eu states did when they adopted a flat tax regime . 
  anyway what happens in the eu is our business now . 
  you 'll have your new border again , perhaps even a renewed troubles and all the misery that entails . 
  great . 
  my favorite times to travel to italy is october to early may , i do n't like it when it gets too hot . 
  i 'm hoping on my next trip to go south of naples and across to bari . 
  but that will have to wait til next year . 
  ciao for now !, 
  ireland is open and transparent and that makes some nations nervous about their tax evasion industry like london is where the tax dodged is funneled via off-shore territories . 
  i 'm being social . 
  i 'm currently in north england ( i do n't live here , just here for some short work ) and the weather is damp today . 
  which is a good thing as it had n't rained in six weeks and there were fires breaking out in the hills . 
  i love traveling in italy and just wondered where you were and what 's the weather like today . 
  because you obviously have n't experienced the troubles . 
  we had a peace process but then you fucked it up with brexit . 
  why should ireland trust britain again with the peace process when you 'll just fuck it up again in another generational tantrum ? 
  the failure of the peace process is yours . 
  actually the eu 27 disagree with you . 
  their three stated priorities for brexit are people , money and ireland . 
  so you see you 'll have to deal with it . 
  who appoints the commission ? 
   i say they because ireland wo n't be included in the talks . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  yes we do . 
  so where are you in italy today ? 
  tell me you see no problem i reinstating borders in ireland ? 
   why would brexit undermine the peace process ? 
  are you serious ? 
   stop using the brexit to divide europe even more . 
  you could give them all the opt-ins they wanted but the brexiters would still blame you for whatever it wants . 
    greece joined the euro with wrong numbers causing massive instability , still to this day . 
  britian was a partner that payed for it 's advantages . 
  actually as a percentage of national income greece contributes more to the eu than the uk . 
  nothing can be decided until negotiation begin . 
  which part of that is so hard for people to understand ? 
  the best would qualify in their own right anyway and you 'd keep out unskilled . 
   maybe i was n't clear in what i meant , i meant that they should n't be forced to join other `` extra '' things like for example a possible eu military . 
  who says they have to , they can have the same opt-out as ireland . 
  an ally would n't undermine the peace process . 
   why should n't people be fine with brexit ? 
  oh yes , we love the uk creating a new customs border !, 
  and then there 's the regional instability which could undermine the peace process . 
  the eu is voluntary union , it ca n't force states to join and as we see with the uk it ca n't force anyone to stay . 
  do the politicians in your country blame the eu for everything wrong ? 
  immigrants scrounging off the state !, 
  their royal family is german . 
   it 'll only breed animosity . 
  whereas everyone was just fine with brexit . 
  cucumber sandwich anyone ? 
   i 'm really talking about cases of the student of the article , where she could be given french nationality , before she has lived enough years in france , france wo n't do that because then all third party migration countries will demand the same treatment . 
  it 's the same for all the other members . 
   by then i think we should have the multi-speed eu and new members should join in a slower more natural way . 
  if they 're meeting the criteria then there 's no reason to obstruct . 
  what would be the incentive ? 
  no matter what the eu does it will never be fair in the uks eyes and then lumbering eu member states with healthcare costs for brit retiree without a reciprocal arrangement would be madness . 
  if the uk go full retard then the only thing the eu can do to help repatriate brits who ca n't afford to live independently is to put on a bus and hire them planes home . 
  she must have been following may logic of getting all the opt-ins . 
  she should n't worry , plenty trade negotiation rolls to be created in the future . 
  well actually i read that norway would be the most affected in a hard brexit , their salmon farming in uk waters and oil drilling tie-ups would be severely compromised . 
   i 'm pretty sure that eu will be very flexible with british people who wish to remain working in eu . 
  i think it will be flexible but still it all depends on what the uk allows eu citizens in the uk . 
  brexit is the uk baby and whatever restrictions the uk sets they will be reciprocated , that 's only fair . 
  [ the best eurovision song that never was ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4qcgarswzo ), 
  well we did collaborate with norway to help them win with nocturne by secret garden so another team is could work . 
  although i think we 're well off the boil , our eurovision selection process has been hijacked by pop impresarios who keep sending bad stuff . 
  we used to win when we sent real singers and musicians . 
  even priced in current $ a guinness in your average pub will coast you $ 4.50 in dublin unless you 're in a one of the wanker bars . 
  perhaps we 're not seeing the numbers yet . 
  i know shopping has gone up , anything that was a quid is roughly # 1.20 now and no one is seeing wage increases yet . 
  my wifes employer which is healthscience related has asked if she 'd be alright with relocating in the next two years back to the eu and new funding has been allocated in the uk operation . 
  it 's pretty much a wind down .
