  it 's good you brought up the iraq war . 
  this did n't need to be an eu war and was n't . 
  individual eu nations participated but used their own resources . 
  now if a few nations can be easily misled at least with the restriction of a common defense mandate there 's a break that protects the whole eu from being damaged by the misadventures of the few . 
  the un is the appropriate mechanism for peace keeping missions . 
  eu only missions may only create more problems by charges of neo-colonialism . 
  all this tells me is that england 's only concern for keeping a union with scotland is oil . 
  perhaps england 's interests not scotlands . 
  oil ? 
  when has oil ever been needed for eu membership . 
  the uk has been hanging out with saudi arabia and the usa too much . 
  no , let them go . 
  remember if you love someone set them free and bolt the door after they leave in case they turn all pyscho ex-girlfriend on you !, 
  spain actually been doing well in recent times . 
  we forget that in the 90s and early 00s it was germany and france that had the unemployment problems . 
  changes take time . 
  by the way under the brexit deal hurling will replace cricket in exchange for something about bananas . 
  would it fair to say that brexit would be the end of the eurosceptic bloc ? 
  other groups who would have identified as eurosceptic previously now know that once outside the eu they 're effectively powerless to influence the eu . 
  i 'd expect the term eurosceptic will get dropped . 
  are there any irish parties affiliated ? 
  sorry , i thought you were critiquing my presentation !, 
  i use slides next time . 
  is there a prize ? 
  well without the will to nation build then the ability to knock a nation makes the usa look merely belligerent . 
  if you have the opportunity to travel then do . 
  just remember in the last century europe had to go through two extremely bloody upheavals . 
  things are shit in turkey right now and maybe for a couple of years but work on your options . 
  do n't worry , lots of people understand that . 
  however it does n't stop a member state using covert threats , or orchestrating a response for a expeditionary action . 
  keeping military cooperation on a strict defense mandate is the best that can be done to protect every members interests in what is after all as the uk is demonstrating a voluntary union . 
  i support the defense of the eastern eu member states , that 's what a common defense force as a deterrent is about . 
  my support is limited to defense as i would not want any one eu state to misapropriate the combined heft of the union to presage its narrow national interests on any non-eu neighbour . 
  ah thanks , did n't realise tito had n't signed up to the warsaw pact . 
  those ships turn up yet ? 
  the eu is voluntary union . 
  the point being that it 's strength is it 's common freedoms . 
  a common defense mandate supports but does not override those freedoms . 
  the moment it projects those freedoms on others without consent is the day the eu dies . 
  the usas ability to project military power is undeniable but it 's inability to establish stability where it adventures has punctured its confidence and that frustration is turning inward in an increasingly militarized society . 
  a common defense and peace keeping force certainly but not an expeditionary army . 
  i would of thought his wife coming from the former eastern bloc would be concerned for her old neck of the woods . 
  but then again she 's wife number three so she 's probably more worried about other threats . 
  nah , its always been restricted . 
  there were serious protests about housing provisions about 5/6 years in israel . 
  your loyalist orange order will expel a member for marrying a catholic but not for murdering one . 
  good old british values there . 
  so who do fancy for the football this year , tipperary are looking good !, 
  joking aside kilkenny supposedly had the strongest cricket club in britain and ireland and they took that dominance into hurling when they switched . 
  football however never got a lookin after that . 
  read part 3 of article 50 . 
  that 's the thing , those leavers who said others would follow did n't specify any new arrangement than the voluntary union that exists . 
  even the far right from italy to austria to finland all agree that leaving the eu does nothing for their collective agenda . 
  even if they did the uk would still face tariffs . 
  we had our brexit a hundred years ago so we wish you well on yours . 
  under article 50 the uk could leave in the morning if it wanted to , the two year negotiation period is optional . 
  so you see its a presumption that the uk will even be a member next week . 
  actually artical 50 does allow the uk to leave the eu immediate effect if it wanted to , the two year negotiation period is optional . 
  may seems pretty comfortable about pressing the nuclear option . 
  well isis would consider brexit a victory . 
  i never could understand the logic of everyone following the uk out . 
  its not like the other 27 members would adopt sterling and cricket and install lizzy as eu monarch, 
  cap quotas on diary ended last year so no real advantage to the uk there , they 'd have to pay tariffs to sell into the eu . 
  as it is nz and irish diary food producers have had tie-ups for decades for supplying eachother with base ingredients to counter seasonal variations . 
  together they provide 40 % of the worlds baby food formula for example . 
  great , will you send arlene foster of the dup in northern ireland your opinion , she needs to hear that there is n't a desire from britain to support the most eu-funding reliant part of the uk . 
  give it to scotland !, 
  here 's the thing , someone taking it to court would have to specify when the article will be started , currently no one knows . 
  the uk can break away in a day without negotiations under article 50 so a court ca n't ignore the legitimate concerns of the employer . 
  that may be , but for jobs with a requirement commitment of longer than the projected eu exit date employers have the right to use it in weighing things up . 
  just look up july 11th bonfires in belfast on google and you 'll see . 
  here 's a hint , you 'll get kicked out of the orange order if you marry a catholic but not if you kill one . 
  its amazing how little mainland brits knows about their loyal brethren , their celebrations of sectarianism and british supremacy would n't be allowed on british streets . 
  ireland was very connected to the continent but after the english civil war era we got completely cut off . 
  we were impoverished and dispossess by britain so we always looked to europe for allies . 
   we are as hurt as you are . 
  well i was furious that the good friday agreement would be impacted but the whole thing might actually work for the best if it leads to reunification here . 
  silver lining perhaps . 
  there is no way for us to stop the uk from leaving and would appreciate they start the process soon we can get on with making adjustments to our relationship . 
  well for what its worth the border issue for us has been an unavoidable concern and plans for brexit had to be made up in advance by customs and finance . 
  now we are just waiting for the uk to get on with it . 
  we made our brexit a century so we wo n't begrudge you the same . 
  that 's a bit extreme . 
  she actually sounded more confident of that than pressing the button on article 50 . 
  it was scary how many seemed to consider it recreational violence . 
  that 's what i thought too . 
  years ago before the financial crisis i got caught up a falangist demo in barcelona , a bunch of skinheads broke away from to cause a bit of chaos . 
  it just reminded me of the usual standoff shite around marching season in northern ireland . 
  my nephew in working in lisbon tells me that the unemployed young are more into their lifestyle than careers . 
  not having regular work is n't a big deal there . 
  they seem to be all protest based , what protest did the uk riots start from ? 
  why are n't we seeing in spain the type of youth rioting that the uk endured when it was supposedly in better shape ? 
  fair enough . 
  i would suspect that import inflation would push many consumables up but at least the stability of owning ones own home should help compensate such downsides . 
  look , lots of leave voters expected a recession , that 's not the issue for them as their primary concern was total sovereignty . 
  however those who said there would n't be short to medium term economic contraction do need to stump up now . 
  i did n't ask for arguments for brexit , i asked for a clear example of a positive development that is a direct consequence of brexit . 
  basically i 've seen the menu , now show me the beef . 
  give me an example of positive story that is a direct consequence of brexit and not something that was a continuation of something planned before the vote . 
  good healthy growth in a weakening currency !,
