  we do n't want them . 
  we 'll start giving the calais crew their own boats . 
  you have to comply with eu law to trade in it and may has already said she wants a restriction on immigration . 
  free movement negotiation has been ruled out by eu heads . 
  so what are you going to do about the new eu/uk border ? 
  irish tax laws have been before the eu courts and we 're compliant . 
  the eu is rightly cutting down on companies exploiting loopholes . 
  i 'm sorry i missed the bit where there 's annual bonfires in ireland where uk flags are burnt . 
  do think such religiously motivated sectarian displays would be allowed on british streets ? 
  the eu superseded the customs union . 
  so what are you going to do about an eu/uk border ? 
  the brits would know about exploitation . 
  we 're complying with an open and transparent tax regime of which the uk government has endorsed . 
  by the way it was your british goons up in northern ireland who were burning flags . 
  sort your supremacists out . 
  what are you going to do about the new eu/uk customs border and do n't talk about norway/sweden , they 're both in schengen ? 
  are you talking about the dutch sandwich ? 
  seriously . 
  the good friday agreement as underpinned by the eu , the irish republic and the uk government is now undermined by brexit and you think we 've no reason to complain . 
  do you have any living memory of the troubles ? 
  is n't there a demographic paradox whereby when replacement rates fall to a certain level society ca n't even pay into positive population growth ? 
  i think china is hitting it now and japan passed it over decade ago . 
  if you 're truly an ally then why do you still occupy part of ireland ? 
  and worse you turn a blind eye when your british supremacists burn our flag and posters of our politicians . 
  would you tolerate that annual festival of bigotry on british streets ? 
  italy this year , germany next year , greece last year , ireland , portugal , spain before and probably some day again but the difference is the uk does n't want to help . 
  it does n't want to cooperate with the eu and will rather blame the eu than accept it just wants to have it all its own way . 
  your flair shows you as british and the uk has given the eu the two fingers . 
  but the uk endorses this sectarianism . 
  why does n't the uk stop it . 
  how 'd you feel if people celebrated their culture by burning british flags on bonfires in public areas ? 
  unless you 're ok with british bigotry . 
  but the uk endorses this sectarianism . 
  why does n't the uk stop it . 
  how 'd you feel if people celebrated their culture by burning british flags on bonfires in public areas ? 
  unless you 're ok with british bigotry . 
  maybe the property bust shot a hole in our contributing phase . 
  anyway we 're back baby !, 
  if the uk wants to drag it out then fine . 
  but the longer it leaves the more toxic the negotiations will get . 
  uk ad eu close allies ? 
  last night a load of the uk citizens burned eu flags on top of bonfires and you say there 's closeness . 
  if the germans burnt a load a load of union jacks on bonfires would you say they 're very `` close '' . 
  british culture is defined by its separateness to europe . 
  and everytime the poor lose ground . 
  it really is mind boggling how it continues . 
  cheaper labour , makes sense . 
  we do produce viagra and breast implants !, 
  the uk let northern irelands corporate tax rate harmonize with the republic . 
  what does what europe think matter to you , you 're leaving . 
  unemployment falls from 15 % in 2012 to under 8 % and dropping and you say nothing is happening . 
  i emigrated in 2011 , came back in 2015 and have got work without trying !, 
   the eu can make this happen very fast if they want , but they 'd have to offer something . 
  why do the eu have to offer anything . 
  there 's no reward for leaving the union . 
  was n't the vote a mandate from the last election . 
  there 'll be war if it 's ignored and may knows that , brexit means brexit . 
  we make viagra , enough said . 
  it 's transparent and clear . 
  companies have used combinations with other countries tax regimes but ultimate that 's a matter for eu regulation . 
  no , the uk will be having brexit fire sales for a few years to come . 
  also known as welfare state capitalism . 
  see how i did that without mentioning socialism !, 
  nah , i think we became a net contributor in 06 . 
  yeah , patent expiration has been flagged . 
  there seems to be a drive towards high quality agri produce now . 
  sorry you feel that way . 
  i have a malaysian friend in ireland who is very critical of her homeland but ireland has driven me nuts at times too . 
  just be careful about not feeling your vote does n't count , lots of people in the uk would have voted in brexit if they realised it would affect their freedom of movement in europe . 
  the world changes one person at a time . 
  i spent a month traveling in malaysia , loved penang . 
  kl was fun too . 
  loved the food and the cameron highlands were great for hiking . 
  hey we buy seat cars as we do n't compete in the car industry . 
  anyway how else could we afford to escape our wet climate for lovely sunny espania . 
  which country are you in ? 
  just curious . 
  do you drink in one of those bars where no one talks ? 
  you 'd expect some detachment from an academic . 
  he 's seems more of a polemist who although pro-eu is in favour of his version of the eu for everyone . 
  it 's not like its easy to spend a northern ireland # 5 note in england , fiscal union my arse . 
   grandparents are either working or too old to help . 
  that seems to the crux of the problem . 
  yeah , print your way to the same result !, 
  how 's the uks purchasing power doing ? 
  did n't they start including estimated drug money and prostitution in their figures recently ? 
  actually it 's tax compliant . 
  other nations give generous concessions towards their indigenous industries which are as good as low corporate tax but ireland not having been an industrial nation beforehand does n't need to and instead offers a clear and transparent tax regime . 
  even the northern ireland corporate tax rate has been harmonized with the south . 
  a good bit survives in the irish tradition . 
  cap funding is winding down . 
  farming in ireland is increasingly commercial , we supply 20 % of the worlds baby formula for example . 
  at least they 're being compliant . 
  extremely high value but low tonnage pharma . 
  back in the 70s and 80s there was a huge push towards the sciences in education , it 's paying off . 
  do n't forget the foreign students being fleeced effectively have few or zero rights and if they make the wrong noises they could be deported . 
  the best place to get feedback on this situation is in the countries to which students have been deported back to although it may hard to get anyone who 'll say they were deported after their parents spent so much money on the lauded english education . 
  a few pictures on campus , faked papers and no one loses face within society . 
  what i got from the piece was that britain 's academic reputation was being milked for profit . 
  the money might stay in the system but redistributed amongst those running via high wages and extra expenses .
