  the eu wants greece to act as a member state of a voluntary union , if they ca n't then they have to leave . 
  that 's if it has n't descended into anarchy . 
  i did n't think england wanted closer union anyway . 
  scotland seems interested though . 
  they 're absenting themselves from the eu as is . 
  well let 's end greece 's propensity for mistakes !, 
  i 've been looking at hotels on the islands too but am holding off until drachma conversion , book it at one price and then offer less in euro cash when i 'm there . 
  default happens when the imf payment is missed which is within 24 hours . 
  yeah , their version of europe . 
  there 's no mechanism to kick greece out of the euro . 
  greece is defaulting out of the euro by itself . 
  the change is contractual , not geographical . 
  freedom to travel and work in eu countries will be altered too and will have to negotiated afresh with the eu as a bloc . 
  abandoning the euro is leaving the eu . 
  why did greece ask for this `` help '' if it was better off without it ? 
  greece can think it 's in the eu all it wants but once it runs out of euro it will no longer be able to afford trade with the eu . 
  all outstanding bills will fall due , its suppliers will line up for payment in the international courts and the eu can not do anything for them . 
  their cost of borrowing will shoot up . 
  their only hope then is a sugar daddy but after seeing how greece treated its eu partners only the crazy would wade in . 
  the eu main concern then would be how to deal with the new failed state . 
  border control and movement restrictions would have to be enforced . 
  russia trades into the eu through greece , it does n't want `` helpful '' outside the eu . 
  at the close of business it was actually stronger . 
  global market perceptions of the greek crisis has been favourable . 
  however the china slowdown is what 's the front of most peoples minds . 
  the currency is a pillar of membership . 
  the eu is not a federation like the us . 
  the eu pools responsibility and shares benefits . 
  no one state can dictate policy over the others . 
  greece walked away from the eu at the weekend when it announced the referendum which falls after the date of the existing funding agreement . 
  by walking away greece absented itself from it 's share of responsibility for the eu . 
  the uk and denmark negotiated opt outs but for the rest membership requires commitment to use the euro . 
  reneging on its responsibility to reach a deal on that commitment is defaulting on all its obligations to the other members . 
  it 's out of the club . 
  i will visit greece , i promise . 
  all those ancient sites i 've read so much about ... the history ... farewell . 
  the euro is part of the eu package . 
  reneging on it is to renege on its other european commitments . 
  the existing opt outs for the uk and denmark were agreed before the introduction of the currency , all existing and new members must use the euro . 
  greece is out . 
  it does n't realise it 's out but it is . 
  to be honest the international markets are far concerned about the chinese slowdown than greece which only makes up 1.6 % of the eu economy . 
  so much so that the euros actually finished stronger at the end of monday !, 
  greece has been written off months ago , the drachma has been printed . 
  it 's a union from which any member can leave , just like greece is now !, 
  common agreements are sought , ministers from each eu country meet to discuss exemptions and limits , treaties are ratified and agreed laws are ratified across member states . 
  however all these laws and agreements can be abandoned when a state absents itself from the common table . 
  we can only wish greece well on it 's future adventures outside the eu . 
  a political one would be federation and there is n't a desire for that . 
  edit to add : greece leaving will just show greece 's limitations within the union . 
  well rules are agreed upon and then set in treaties , like article 50 mentioned earlier . 
  if there 's no rules then how can there be understanding and agreements . 
  rules can change but there must be consent . 
  all that has been built has happened over decades of negotiations , integration , it ca n't all be undone by one member . 
  if a member state feels the eu is no longer for them they can leave and no one stops them . 
  however that member states citizens do lose common benefits attached to membership like automatic freedom of travel and the right to work in other member states . 
  international fees will apply to people from outside the eu too . 
  common public healthcare access would end too . 
  anyway it would be an insult to the democratic will of the greek people to try to stop from rejecting these benefits . 
  i look forward to really cheap holidays in greece , everyone raves about how friendly greek people are . 
  do you think euro 's will be accepted or will it be strictly drachma ? 
  on the plus i know a southern mediterranean country that will be doing really cheap holidays for at least the next decade , unless it does n't turn into a labour camp . 
  greece ca n't be kicked out of the eu as it already left last weekend when it concluded funding discussions by announcing the referendum . 
  the enormity of that move has not sunk in yet . 
  capital controls will be soon followed by drachma followed in turn by customs controls . 
  a country ca n't impose its policy on other union members , it 's a voluntary union with rules , it has evolved through negotiations between governments elected by europeans like you and i. greece walked away from the common table last weekend and as you may have noticed no one can stop them . 
  the imf are on longer greece 's concern as once the referendum was announced it ruled out any further negotiations with the imf . 
  leaving the euro means leaving the eu but if that is the will of the greek people there is nothing anyone can do to stop greece , it is a voluntary member of a union and its wish to cede from the union is being respected . 
  as mentioned already , no one can stop greece from leaving . 
  greece is free to leave the eu at any time . 
  always has been , article 50 of the treaty of european union . 
   `` any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . '', 
  if being in the eu has been a disaster for greece then why has it not left earlier ? 
  greece is free to leave and it can keep the change !, 
  maybe it just has n't served greece 's needs . 
  i do wonder though will greeks regret not having access to the eu jobs market ? 
  if they cared about their money they would have let greece go bust long ago . 
  i imagine it 's a good way of shopowners to accrue euro cash reserves for themselves . 
  they 'll tell customers their credit card machines do n't work , insist on cash , get paid in cash but later pay the same amount with their own credit card to clear the sales . 
  their credit card balance will get drachma 'd but they retain euro cash . 
  i can only offer my view which in no way is indicative of any one nations experience . 
  for me europe is a better place and technology has helped . 
  that 's my experience , i can only offer you my word . 
  just to add , 20 years ago the idea that i could be idly musing with random strangers about the state of being european via a computer forum would have been inconceivable to me . 
  i feel extremely privileged to be living in this time . 
  you do realise that the eu was part of the troika , representatives from fellow european democracies pooling their wealth to help a fellow member , sitting at the table for months being lectured about marxism by a theorist who 'll disappear off onto the lucrative celebrity economic festival circuit after his country is bust , ... . . 
  so who do you trust , you 're fellow europeans who 've acted inclusively or the temper tantrum polemists wanting to exclude greece from europe . 
  depends on where you are and you 're ability to improve your situation . 
  if you 're in a post industrial high unemployment area with few educational options then europe will feel restrictive . 
  live in a growing vibrant mixed sector economy then europe will feel great . 
  it would seem obvious that while rural can offer great lifestyle choices employment options may be severely limited . 
  an extremely urban lifestyle may have loads of options but high costs and high density may make living there unpleasant . 
  live in the city when you have the energy , retire to the country . 
  i have n't seen polls for today but the few i 'd read about yesterday were indicating a no . 
  how many polls were there today ? 
  it was good faith on the ez members side to do all it could until syriza walked away . 
  the ecb is exonerated . 
  na , you can go fight russia on your own . 
  you think you 've got nothing to lose ? 
  maybe you do n't value what you have got .
