  the fact that they 're moving new model runs away from the uk showed their more focused on new technologies and markets . 
  have n't german car makers already redirected future production lines away from britain , like the electric mini going to the netherlands rather than the existing plant in the uk . 
   a more eu-sceptical approach . 
  upholding the status quo is not skepticism . 
  sush , operation brexit is actually a secret plot funded by the eu !, 
  actually i think bernier would be happier if someone with a plan did turn up at brexit talks . 
  do n't know . 
  to clarify it 's an expression that 's been pretty common in ireland but i 've never heard it in the uk . 
  fair fucks to her ( that 's a positive expression to those who 've never heard it ) i 'll contact our president to get a slab of guinness sent to her and a bottle of bushmills for himself in hospital . 
  well she 's relations all over the eu , much more than the average brit . 
  its actually a new porn movie starring marti `` the mower '' morrissey called `` virgin turf '' . 
  after all the bullshit told about us in the uk i think it is right that its totally open and transparent . 
  the uk may tolerate untruthful media but that does n't mean we have to . 
  i agree , deport them to the uk . 
  it would be better for the eu to let them leave . 
  actually the calais situation is unique in that those assembled there wo n't register in france as they want to get to the uk . 
  simple solution would be to let them through . 
  what 's happening in the uk has more to do with their own history than with eastern europe . 
  they 're reconsolidating as a nation and all outsiders are suspect . 
  well if they dont like us europeans then they may close their borders . 
  the uk want a hard deal so let it . 
  lord buckethead really should be there . 
  as per usual . 
  although the eu could undermine every uk government from now on by saying they offered generous terms that were turned down , which would split the uk public . 
  misinformation works both ways . 
  at this rate they 're going to get an exit package written for them by brenier which they can either leave or take and considering how campaigning for a hard brexit lost them a majority government i reckon they 'll quietly sign . 
  forest fires tend to spread in a wave and can pass through in a few minutes , not enough time to boil a tank of water . 
  here 's a story about a family who hid under a jetty from a bushfire in [ tasmania . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvkhls90hl4 ), 
  i know australians with uk ancestor passports who are really pissed that they 're losing their eu freedom of movement for their career options . 
  well off the top of my head in my lifetime i 've seen social cohesion funding , erasmus , single currency for a level playing field that 's really opened up opportunities , price stability , having a court of justice to take your government to if they fail individuals on their eu rights , the ending of hard borders , the right to work and live in other nations , the greater purchasing of a massive trade bloc but utmost having a third party institute to underpin the peace process in northern ireland , as before eu membership the uk and ireland were barely on talking terms . 
  many companies have already passed on dublin as they say the new compliancy regime is n't liberal enough . 
  this cat called uk kept meowing to get out but when eu opened the door the cat just sat there . 
   the saint patrick 's saltire is all wrong . 
  yeah , it should have been taken out after home rule . 
  someone posted a link before showing that 60 % of balcony falls in spain were by british tourists !, 
  i said :  a50 clearly states the member that instigates a50 is no longer bound by eu treaties either when they serve notice or two later . 
  you said :  no it does n't . 
  it says nothing of the sort . 
  what it says is the treaties no longer apply once a withdrawal agreement has been made , or after two years . 
  a50 says . 
  the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or , failing that , two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2 , unless the european council , in agreement with the member state concerned , unanimously decides to extend this period . 
  the two year countdown has begun . 
  all parties are in agreement that the uk is leaving the eu . 
  the uk is now sidedlined from legislation on matters beyond march 2019 as set out in clause 4  4 . 
  for the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3 , the member of the european council or of the council representing the withdrawing member state shall not participate in the discussions of the european council or council or in decisions concerning it . 
  the uk ca n't take part in matters where their influence may benefit them post eu . 
  you 're arguing with the ticket office that the train does n't have to leave as scheduled as it has n't been ruled out that it could leave later , meanwhile the train has already left the station . 
   these are so . . 
  bureaucratic and european . 
  well david davis says brexit is chance to throw away all that safety standard red tape . 
  i 've bought saki for home , would prefer if it was cheaper . 
  it could go both ways , japanese saki and european cars for japan . 
  as it there are already parts sharing between japanese and european auto makers . 
  firstly you say i 'm wrong and then in explaining why you actually agree with what i said . 
  they should take their share . 
  plenty of economic refugees from those countries found welcome in the countries that are dealing with the humanitarian crisis . 
  the med route has been a reality for decades but xenophobes are trying to equate it with the syrian crisis which was a us/uk interventionist creation . 
  hang on , london created that conflict too . 
  there 's definitely imbalances in responding to the crisis . 
  nations who followed g w bush into the war that destabalized iraq which gave the islamists a foothold to attack in syria should have taken the bulk of the refugees . 
  its recurring devaluations before the euro hid its structural weaknesses . 
  a50 clearly states the member that instigates a50 is no longer bound by eu treaties either when they serve notice or two later . 
  there is nothing ambiguous about the wording . 
  in fact it was the uk government that insisted on an iron clad wording at the time to appease its euroskeptics . 
  fantasists can believe whatever they want but unless there 's a political intervention the uk is leaving the eu under agreed treaty rules two years after notice was served . 
  the uk is n't governed by separate treaties than all the others , despite its assertions of its own importance . 
  if you ca n't be a good example then you 'll have to be a horrible warning . 
  the soviet era saw massive population growth too but it stalls in the 80s and drops in the 00s . 
  it 's common for dwindling towns to be shut down entirely and the inhabitants redistributed to larger settlements just to conserve resources which in so vast a territory are already stretched to the maximum . 
  i can understand the appeal of a strong man leader in such a dispersed nation with so many frontiers but in reality there 's little to stop russia 's decline . 
  yeah , it 's a way of life/death . 
  and an outsider would n't believe how we bankrupted ourselves . 
  like the usa gun death crisis . 
  they do n't care about how much brexit harms northern irelands economy as long as the other community has it worse . 
  that was always the game plan and now in national government it 's game on . 
  greece were shown the door and they baulked . 
  in italy 5star is on the wane . 
  if you judge the dup by their actions and not their words then hard brexit just had a turbo strapped on . 
  you 've got to work on that delivery . 
  is n't that because they are constitutional monarchies whereas in the uk the monarchs government is sovereign and not the populace . 
  republic ? 
  north korea is a republic too . 
  you must have been pissed when unemployment started falling and those who emigrated started coming home . 
  monarchy is representative of a ruling class , society expects posh boys to be in charge even if they prove themselves unworthy . 
  boris johnson , david cameron , tony blair , nigel farage for example . 
  the sad part is that those who need an equal society the most vote to maintain this class system although corbyn does seem to be bucking that trend . 
  it will interesting to see what transpires should he attain government . 
  plus with in demand qualifications you 'll be easy to sponsor for eu work visas in the future . 
  you know that but people from places where there 's stricter laws on defamation would rightly assume that general british society tolerate frontpage headlines like `` british patients at risk from eu doctors '' , or `` enemies of the people '' for high court judges which sounds like a headline from a tin pot banana republic on the verge of dictatorship . 
  it feels like a western economies amalgamation gaining speed , canada , now japan and australia seeking to start talks this summer too . 
  even individual usa states staying aligned to the paris accord despite trump shows a certain inevitability in motion . 
  finance and insurance are going to take a knock with brexit . 
  either do the brit tabloids !, 
  well its not like there are n't tabloids in every shop warning brits that europeams are sharia touting oppressers . 
  brexit has unmasked the paranoid schizo that 's been lurking underneath . 
  the uk wanted to divide the eu . 
  people have n't forgotten how thatcher implored gorbachev to impede german reunification . 
  you are right that there is a lot of ill feeling that means the eu could do with a break from the uk but how individual states legislates is no ones business as long as they meet the democratic criteria for membership . 
  some use referenda , others allow the governments they elect to legislate for them .
