  the eu = us . 
  however if you come from north england and use leaving the eu as a protest vote against tories then the eu really is better off without you . 
  you 're right . 
  i 've heard estimates of 500 aircraft being reregistered . 
  i did n't realise easyjet had that many craft . 
   i want the uk 's constitution to be flexible and evolve gradually over time . 
  yes , something that does n't exist is entirely flexible . 
  for instance may can send soldiers unto to the streets to shoot at peaceful rights marches , it 's happened before . 
  a 10p a pop flattery is cheap from the express . 
   the fact that we need opt outs to protect our own national interests is part of the problem how can a voluntary union be against a member states national interest ? 
   by the way it was n't just the uk which had opt outs several others do , but people like to focus on the uks because we are the most vocal . 
  the uk had the opt out that avoids economic convergence . 
  the same war that created more blank canvasses for more brutalist building !, 
  ultimately the architecture that the modern replaced was functional in its own time . 
  a whole way of life collapsed too . 
  the downside is that slums persisted far longer in ireland than elsewhere in western europe . 
  i can offer a few guesses . 
  centre and north dublin for the most part until the mid 60s and 70s was full of collapsing tenement buildings with whole families living in each room . 
  these slums were condemned and the families moved out to new social housing in estates in tallaght and tower blocks in ballymun . 
  the same slum clearances happened earlier in europe and the former slums were now blank canvases which were maximized for floor space by building up , far surpassing the human scale of the streets surrounding them . 
  by the time it came to the cleared slums being built on in dublin the backlash against unsympathetic buildings had begun . 
  yeah like trump voters are going to pick strawberries and clean toilets once the mexicans leave . 
  hell , many mexicans will get rich building the wall for el gringo . 
  it was a bit of a cruel joke but local guys just to shout `` emigration coming '' just to watch people scurry . 
  how could the country with the most opt-outs be considered as working in everyones interests . 
  it seems its own interests were always first , just as now when the uk seeks opt-in to a union they 're opting out of . 
   dublin has a chronic shortage of housing due to restrictive height rules to protect the non-existant skyline the truth is there 's loads of empties , the last census verified an average of 10 % habitable vacant properties . 
  there 's a whole ring of houses around dublin and most irish cities and towns of housing built in the 50 , 60 and 70s whose first occupants are either in nursing homes under the fairdeal scheme or are dying off at an increasing rate . 
  federation is unlikely to happen but way too many usa fanboys think it 's the logical conclusion . 
  i was on the ferry leaving dublin a few days ago and it really struck my how we mostly avoided that 60/70s brutalism . 
  there are a few examples like union hall but generally the newer developments are sympathetic to the skyline . 
  well the difference between the uk and the rest of the eu protest movements is that they want to change europe from within while the uk is outright rejecting the union . 
  there 's a huge difference and british euroskepticism has been a thing long before the current crisis . 
  it seems that for the most part brutalism has been rejected and sympathy to the existing shapes and forms is more favoured now . 
  i can imagine the post war desire for the modern , to put more distance between the present and the past . 
   if you 're in a cluster of ecuadorians , you 're going to see ecuadorians . 
  the distribution of various immigrant groups is n't all that homogenous . 
  yeah , probably explains it . 
  fair enough . 
  it was over twenty years ago when i worked in the usa so obviously things change . 
  i really found i got on best with ecuadorians , went to visit there in recent years and really could enjoyed it . 
  would love to go back , must brush up on my spanish . 
  when i worked in the states there seemed to be no shortage of peruvians , columbians and ecuadorians in the service industry . 
  still have other centres like limerick with capacity to growth and good international connections . 
  i reckon that 's going to be the next big spend , expansion of the western seaboard infrastructure . 
  well there is also the inconvenient fact that even illegal migration is decried by the same societies that use it , what would some european nations and the usa do without african and south american carers for their babyboomers heading for dotage . 
  fair enough . 
  does it require the dissolution of the uk ? 
  a devolved english parliament would exist separate to westminster . 
  under nazi rule the salute required a physical response . 
  would you not intervene if some kluxer clamped chains on your african friend ? 
  the signal was actually a requirement under the nazi regime , refusing to give could get you killed . 
  under such circumstances i think it 's as fair to prohibit that as not allowing a white american to enslave their black neighbour . 
  all the operatives mi5 radicalised to fight in the me but had to bring home should be too old to cause any serious trouble by then . 
  yeah but we can simply fill the gap you leave behind in the eu . 
  brexit is n't actually that bad when you get your head around it . 
  well oddly enough 28 % of uk beef exports go to ireland , the rest goes to the rest of the eu . 
  so you wo n't need to import from the far side of the world when what you do n't have to export to the eu anymore . 
  any shortage can be met by brazil . 
  i know . 
  they just did n't want european entanglements . 
  some things have n't changed !, 
  also known as a50 lube . 
  joking aside greece once held a plebiscite to adopt the british monarchy as theirs . 
  westminster blocked it as it did n't any territorial liabilities beyond their navel bases to defend in europe . 
  criminals all need to prosecuted but it 's not a crime to be a minority . 
  although it seems reason enough to abandon justice justice judging by some of these comments . 
  here 's a thought for everyone . 
  if people did n't reports crimes because they feared being branded racists then are n't they accomplices by their silence ? 
  you mean like jimmy saville and all those who helped him ? 
  why would you not buy british beef ? 
  i remember a british guy who worked in social services got a call out to visit an elderly indian woman who expected him to supply her with a maid because when she was a child in india her mother had a slave maid !, 
  fair enough . 
  you 're right about ireland , very small market in comparison . 
  excellent , bring your friends . 
  i 'm reading a fascinating book about depopulation from detroit , i can see some strong post-industrial parallels playing out . 
  everyone who could get up and go did . 
  yeah , a barman in my local is croatian . 
  must get over to croatia at some stage . 
  oh you 've just returned . 
  how was mars ? 
  well considering the trend of young eu immigrants is likely to be curtailed , if it is n't already in reverse , that population projected population growth will have to be made up by non-eu immigration . 
  i do n't think it 's that attractive anymore . 
  there was a spanish guy on the uk reddit a while back saying that the spanish expat facebook forum had gone really quiet in the last year , not as many people interested in going there i guess . 
  new national insurance numbers for italians seem to have remained stable although most it seems to be a continuation of joining family in established food businesses that existed before there was ever an eu . 
  you 're taking about constructing an equation to represent multiple velocities , probably best just to compare uk/eu . 
  that made me laugh !, 
  oh , so all those better trade feels will be queued up offering whatever terms the uk wants after brexit . 
  wow , those brexiters are smart . 
  the question was n't `` what was here before ? 
  '' , it was name this castle , which it is n't . 
  but what all those better trade deals that the brexiters promised ? 
  the minutes are agreed by all parties present before publication . 
  the eu publishes every meeting so any bullshit is coming from the british media . 
   experts told the british public if the uk did n't join the euro then the whole economy would collapse . 
  instead the uk has the same low wages growth as the weakest eurozone member . 
  fuck , what will do now that brexit is getting boring . 
  right , time to turn the royals again , roll out the diana stories . 
   surely the eu would have this breakdown already i reckon they do but as i said they do n't know what the uk wants . 
  the eu is planning for the worst because the uk is n't .
