  well just be warned , most places are cheaper than london but dublin can be frustrating due to accommodation shortages . 
  i would n't go near it until supply catches up with demand , comparatively places like cork and limerick are really good value . 
  my favorite is galway , the music and the pubs are the best but the nearest airport is a good bit away . 
  i 'm not in that sector but i do have friends over that way working in it . 
  could n't tell you what the money is like but they 're happy , being near surfing on the county clare coast is important for them . 
  really ? 
  brits in spain going to the same three english pubs is that important ? 
  yeah , free travel area with pakistan is long overdue . 
  i 'd say actually head for limerick . 
  cheaper rents and housing , job scene on the up , transatlantic and european flights nearby in shannon airport . 
  great pubs too , rugby is a religion there . 
  i know . 
  i grew up with the troubles constantly in the headlines . 
  i reckon mainland uk thinks the problem was solved back in the late 90s but do n't realise it gfa is only workable with both parts of the island having free economic access under eu rules . 
  not to mention the 1 million uk expat retirees in iberia having to head back if they ca n't access the spanish health system . 
  no , i 'm sorry just sounds weird hearing you say it . 
  sure , cta would exist but a new eu/uk customs regime would be in place . 
  while citizens of the cta would still have free movement they 'd still subject to labour and custom restrictions . 
  any restrictions placed on eu citizens by the uk would have to be reciprocated the irish republic on uk citizens . 
  the obvious exceptions would be those entitled to irish republic/eu passports under the terms of the good friday agreement . 
  london will not be able to dictate to dublin its relations with ireland , it will have to go via the union . 
  well if the uk does devolve you 're going to have to look after those northern ireland unionists , irish home rule was in the bag until they split . 
  in the uks defense it is lumbered with a long history of being in command that informs its outlook . 
  it 's hard to compromise without it feeling like defeat . 
  if the uk brexits and scotland leaves the uk then england will actually be free of its imperial mindset . 
  mind you the mad unionist in northern ireland would rather choke on a corgi before relinquishing the union jack . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  we 've been getting plenty of pieces about the economic advantages of brexit for ireland . 
  the more pressing concern here from brexit is the reestablishment of a hard border with the uk . 
  everyone dreads a return of the troubles but we 've kept our side of the bargain , there 's little we can but watch the uk undermine the good friday agreement . 
  people forget it 's only 20 years since the canary wharf and manchester bombings . 
  generally ni businesses are mostly united in staying in the eu . 
  it really is hard to know if the dup are only for brexit because sinnfein are against . 
  arlene foster on bbc news last night said there 'd be no border posts post brexit , that it would be like any european border crossing . 
  it 's a very mixed message of being both pro-brexit and pro-schengen . 
  it just amplifies that their position is mostly reactive rather than actually thought out . 
  the real practical implications of post brexit customs border checkpoints is something of an afterthought for the campaigners . 
  they could form their own bloc called auuk . 
  if greece joined it could be gauuk !, 
  well that 's something for the uk to be mindful of , whatever travel restrictions they impose the eu will reciprocate . 
   but what are some advantages of leaving the eu for the uk ? 
  well according to michael gove of the leave campaign they be as unhindered to trade as albania and ukraine . 
  is n't that compelling enough ? 
  that 's why the uk wo n't get favourable terms for leaving , it would n't be in the blocs interests . 
  for daring to leave the uk ireland ended up being divided . 
  they will be force fed episodes of made in chelsea !, 
  monatize that t-shirt right now !, 
  what ties did switzerland cut with the eu ? 
  it has been weird to see the dup say brits out and sinn fein say brits in !, 
  no , brexit will be start of glorious ascent , its empire will return and its rebel colony in the americas will bow before their queen . 
  then glorious ally north korea will help great britain to be best britain . 
  what proportion of all gun deaths are terrorist attacks in the usa ? 
  well that 's true but still the decline in naples population was huge . 
  i 'm curious to read more about its fortunes . 
  industrialisation did n't happen in southern ireland either yet dublin jumped up the list out of nowhere . 
  wow , that fall off the last table for naples , what happened there ? 
  superficially the uk but i definitely feel more akin with the polish i work with rather than brits . 
   commenting on things you do n't understand is n't a sign of intelligence . 
  what 's with the snootiness ? 
  from the outside that 's what we 're seeing . 
  [ i actually got into this soap opera on a recent sojourn in south american . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtd1jfimmzy ), 
  once he said the paris attacks would n't have happened if everyone had guns like in the usa he lost all sympathy but calling it an inside job meant he lost all respect from people who run concert venues and were equally horrified by the attacks . 
  no surprise really . 
  the guy need help but i actually do n't think he knows that . 
  i think it 's their accents . 
  i need subtitles for eastenders and coronation street . 
  i think there 's 300,000 of them !, 
  even more if you count the brits in the occupied north . 
  well the bloc has to protect itself . 
  hopefully this cage rattling will reverse sterlings rise since boris 's godwin moment . 
  no , it 's the brits in ireland . 
  has n't stopped brexiters conflating eu and hitler . 
   nothing would make us happier , and wealthier , than a united ireland . 
  will you go tell that to your unionist brethren in ni , the dup are calling for `` brits out '' and sinn fein are calling for `` brits in '' !, 
  i never thought i 'd see that . 
  on the godwin link there is justification . 
  under direct london rule the irish population halved . 
  to quote your trevelyan `` the judgement of god sent the calamity to teach the irish a lesson , that calamity must not be too much mitigated '' where the germans have been very upfront about its nazi past only in 1997 did the uk government officially acknowledge direct administrative responsibility over ireland during the great famine . 
  flying the union jack is a risky business in ireland for good reason . 
  something similar in ireland . 
  no postal vote ? 
  actually our trade with the eu is equal to our global trade . 
  british rule to us is what hitler is to you . 
  if you decide to leave then best of luck and we 'll respect that but be warned the renewed threat will come from within your own border . 
  before we joined the eu our trade with the uk was over 80 % , now it 's below 30 % . 
  no doubt there will be an impact but ultimately we 'll continue trading away from the uk . 
  it is really worrying though how little attention is paid to the serious security repercussions on northern ireland and the rest of the uk . 
  for brits : swastika , union jack , same thing . 
  i think their postal vote registration date has passed . 
  trade agreements control only what nations agree to share . 
  if the uk leaves the eu to a norway status then it will have to accept eu trade terms , it ca n't dictate to the collective or cherry pick individual deals with individual countries without the consent of the whole bloc . 
  the eu does not exist purely for the benefit of one member but for the benefit of all . 
  but then what 's his eu agenda , pro and anti eu at the same time ? 
  since boris came out with his hitler/eu remark all the odds for brexit have lengthened and sterling has has strengthened . 
  there 's still room for volatility but boris 's horse has bolted !, 
  campaigning for others what they campaign against for themselves ? 
  doctor : `` you need this surgery but i would n't go through it myself '' no contradiction there at all , what sooooo ever . 
  actually boris johnson , the same man wanting the uk out of the eu !, 
   understand why the roi might be shitting itself at the prospect of brexit ... nobody wants a resumption of the troubles , it 's almost 20 years since the canary wharf and manchester bombings and nobody wants that to happen again .
