  i ca n't keep up . 
  catching up with the uk for islamification . 
  there still is n't enough women construction workers . 
  equality some day . 
  greece already got debt relief . 
  i 'm glad someone agrees that all brits in the eu do n't actually do any work . 
  yes , everyone will be happen to restrict the movement of brits . 
  so fucking what , brits migrate to spain in their droves with zero interest in integrating so if a bunch of poles want to hang out together in their new country then there 's no problem . 
  ireland left the political union with britain so that 's not true . 
  if one culture tolerates gender equality but the other does n't then its no longer a question of tolerance but of a mismatch . 
  neither can cede ground to the other . 
  until its ruled out everyone else in the eu is working on the assumption the uk is leaving . 
  democracy overriding democracy is hardly helpful . 
  how does a native culture tolerate an intolerant imported culture ? 
  ireland held a vote to join the eec but the uk did n't so it was n't the `` norm '' as you put it . 
  the tories took the uk into the eec without a vote so by your word the uk is a banana republic . 
  the votes in 75 was about remaining . 
  the eu is ready , it has trade negotiators for the whole bloc whereas the uk has yet to assemble their own team . 
  its more he 's still here telling everyone they 're a drag and that he 's leaving for a cooler place but he does n't move because he does n't know how to get there . 
  burn the debt holders . 
  if lending is risk free then so too should borrowing be . 
  travelled through burma years ago , i saw whole families fixing roads . 
  its terribly poor country yet even the average town could afford to gold plate their stupa . 
  maybe french radicalism is n't confined to race . 
  was n't algeria a part of france for over a century ? 
   does n't help when he grows up in a sexually repressed culture and religion that does n't see boys become men . 
  wow , did n't realise french culture was so cosseted . 
  that 's not what she said last night . 
  indeed . 
  it was supposedly the reason national service was ruled out in the republic when it was popular elsewhere . 
  does my bomb look big in this ? 
  the balaclava was a british forces invention . 
  orange order members should be allowed to wear their sash on duty too . 
  higher standards of education attained . 
  however do n't overlook countries like uruguay that were progressively secular while spain still held catholicism in high esteem . 
  norway has to accept freedom of movement with market access , the uk leave campaign are against free movement . 
  in ireland/eire , both english and irish are legal languages . 
  it 's certainly contentious and as an eu country with a history of military occupation by another i ca n't see ireland supporting anything beyond a mutual defense force . 
  frontex is as far as ireland will . 
  expeditionary forces are a no go . 
  what 's his frame of reference ? 
  well it 's just as well they think that because once import inflation kicks in they ca n't blame the eu for sterling prices rising . 
  did n't the treat of a repeat vote scare finance from montreal to toronto ? 
  the time frame can be extended in agreement on all sides so no real pressure there . 
  georgia has been on my list for a good wile now , seeing these photos makes me want to get there in the next year or so , perhaps combine it with a trip to iran too . 
  a friend does n't slander . 
  i believe it was actually uk euroskeptics who had a big part in designing it . 
  their intent of course was to allow a swift exit , the two year talks process being optional . 
  it 's obvious that few want that swift exit now . 
  it would have been sensible to be prepared with an exit plan before the vote . 
  i do n't know , my wife insists we have to visit the house used in the tv pride and prejudice !, 
  well he 's not wrong about the water temperature !, 
  where i see tourism getting a boost is in the heritage sites , the uk is full of interesting sites , i 've a whole list of archeaological sites i 'd love to visit and now with sterling much weaker than the euro it 's a great time to cash in . 
  he 's not wrong although britain was probaly more self sufficent during the brief war with the dutch in the 17th . 
  i have a niece who was freaking out about getting hit with fees for a course she 's about to start in the uk but her college sent her a response about things being unchanged for the length of her course , plus under uks own goods and services laws she 'll only be charged what she signed up for even if it overlaps an eu exit . 
  new starts from next year may face a new fees regime . 
  my mum got morphine too towards the end to ease any physical suffering . 
  it was with our consent , not sure if anyone could legally challenge it under current irish law . 
  watched my mother die recently , she 'd had alzheimers and had n't recognised anyone in years . 
  mentally she has n't been with us for a long time . 
  i remember some of my siblings saying there 's got to be a better way than years of slowly wasting out . 
  i reckon another generation passing on will see attitude changes in ireland , as it is momentum for legalising aborting is finally gaining ground . 
  you ca n't excuse giving isis a vacuum to fill . 
  plus it was western powers who supported the taliban who hosted bin laden who in turn created 9/11 which in turn inspired future anti-western movements in the region . 
  you gave them the martyrs that inspired recruits to isis from your own shore . 
  clearful there , your chilcot report showed your own military adventure into that region was based on misinformation . 
  isis filled the vacuum you left behind after your glorious misadventure which many european nations warned against . 
  you have n't been to naples i see . 
  irish politics is broadly pro-eu membership despite the turfcutting protests . 
  it is not unconscionable that a state that promotes gender equality should repel cultural prescriptions that promote gender inequality . 
  i think deep down everyone knows they are part of the problem but ca n't articulate a solution . 
  however recognizing the problem is an important first step , in times past there would have been a rush to war or a purge of scapegoats . 
  these utterances are just affirmation of the godlike hold the healy-raes have over their voters . 
  good thing he got caught in rio . 
  if it had been in ireland he 'd probably never be brought to trial , its nearly a decade and we 're still waiting for sean fitzpatrick to face the courts for crashing his bank and misleading auditors , shareholders and the public in the process . 
  go in winter . 
  went in november , hired an apartment , had the city to ourselves to explore at night . 
  absolutely fabulous . 
  i went on a bit of an on-line shopping spree . 
  the last big sterling devaluation was great value for about six months so there 's no point waiting for import inflation to erode the cheaper prices . 
  yeah but its up to the greeks to chase their own freeloaders but in fairness it took us nearly a decade to jail a senior banker . 
  its a pity you ca n't appreciate your own athletes achievements . 
  ca n't take praise when its earned ? 
  yeah , i remember thinking we 'd gone too far when in 06 i saw a couple of young lads leave school to carry planks for scaffolders for $ 800 a week , which they spent of shitbox hondas . 
  credit where credit is due . 
  well however they 're doing it well done on all the success so far . 
  the cycling was brilliant to watch . 
  true . 
  future planning is now on a temporary basis . 
  the world isnt waiting for the internal workings of uk politics . 
  businesses are planning as if it will happen unless the government gets another mandate but that would require a snap election . 
  way too much uncertainty to contemplate . 
  thanks, 
  i agree . 
  i much prefer skipol to london for longhaul connections from ireland . 
  well if you 're a believer i think you call it good friday because jesus getting nailed supposedly saves everyone from sin . 
  do n't ask me how that works , best consult someone from the god squad . 
  ireland used to have bonfires on the day but i think it died out in the 1950s . 
  plus good friday is n't a holiday here . 
  flying with them for years and from i 've seen those who spend the least time understanding what they signed up for have the biggest problems .
