  now whether you want to spend your entire wages every week on big macs is entirely up to you but best of luck with the few remaining years of your life . 
  the problem as i saw it when i lived in australia was that too many of the australian political class think that they must go through the uk to deal with europe . 
  if australia approached brussels directly where all the schengen nations sit down together then they 'd get a lot further on visa wavers than waiting to nudge past all the euro-sceptics in british politics . 
   first if eu wants to make this simpler why not just get rid of passports of its members and issue eu passports ? 
  the eu is not a sovereign state , it is a collective of sovereign states with converging interests . 
  it can make common agreements about travel between members and for travelers entering from outside . 
  tell me about it , the amount of times we were held up entering australia because they kept failing to update our visa details after we had followed all the proper channels . 
  or a member of the nra and kkk . 
  they could buy you a magic money tree . 
  yeah , have a friend who 's a big yanis fan , has bought the book , gone to the circuit show and all he can manage to explain to me is how bad the rise of the liberal agenda is for everyone . 
  when i ask him to give me an example on our local level he gets stumped and returns to far away meanderings . 
  same thing . 
  i had to ring a help line about my printer . 
  first person was from somewhere north of england and i cold barely understand her accent , she then put me through to tech support in the netherlands and the guy was perfectly understandable . 
  the international language of alcohol !, 
  i thought the nhs paid eu governments . 
  current arrangements might be affected by brexit though . 
  who 's stopping refugees from eastern ukraine moving west ? 
  and please provide a link . 
  i agree about the unreliable bit but maybe it was the only way they could consider it outside of a family home . 
  i think back then people were more worried about whether there would be a banking system left !, 
   although there would of course still be the questions of culture , security , and what scottish eu membership would look like , if it would even be possible . 
  ultimately that 's the thing . 
  before eu membership is mentioned what sort of society would scotland 's be independent of all unions ? 
  got to admit , northern ireland needs time out on their own to sort their shit out . 
  shush . 
  wales might be listening and get upset to hear mummy and daddy arguing . 
  there 's little doubt that scotland probably benefitted more than england out of the union but that same self interest may actually be the inspiration for leaving the union too . 
  at the end of the day , money talks and bullshit walks . 
  thanks . 
  i reckon a lot of people do n't fully appreciate the consequences until afterwards when they see how little foreign currency their pound buys compared with recent years . 
  does n't the uk conduct censuses ? 
  yeah , i wonder how much more the # will devalue before brexit . 
  i bought some at the weekend at .8 per $ as i visit the uk a good bit but i 've seen estimates of it losing 20 % against the euro should brexit happen . 
  it 's potentially a great carpet bagging opportunity , the vultures are assembling on their perches . 
  that 's all that 's left in your arsenal , insults ? 
  i think after 08 there was a greater acceptance that some road deaths could be classed as suicides , especially after 08 when there was a big upswing in the number of trades people dying in late night single vehicle crashes . 
  i ca n't dispute that . 
  but at least scotland would be a sovereign state within the eu as opposed to being ruled directly from another territory . 
  as for the instability of the euro , i find it hard enough to use scottish and northern ireland sterling in england !, 
  at least a euro is a euro everywhere in the zone !, 
  see , anyone can be evasive . 
  which cameron do you think i 'm referring to ? 
  same as the cameron with the eu , no deal , just rhetoric . 
  was n't the deal that should brexit pass but a majority in scotland voted against it that they 'd have a separate vote about joining the eu independent of the uk ? 
  similar picture in ireland , as new motorways were opened the road death rate plummeted ( the majority of traffic deaths were on bad roads that prior to the motorways were the main commuter arteries ) however since then the suicide rate has risen . 
  fair enough . 
   people that do n't turn out are not in favour . 
  you said this . 
  whether for or against any vote how can you make that assertion ? 
  it 's merely an assumption at best unless you can provide more . 
   the second time round many people continued not to vote for example . 
  you 've lost me entirely here . 
  of course people did n't vote but that in no way supports your earlier assertion about those who do n't vote being of the same mind as those that do . 
  well we had a very low turnout for an eu referendum a decade ago , i think it was only around 33 % and it was defeated . 
  when the consequences were fully realised by the populace and a rerun was demanded the turnout doubled but the no vote actually did n't change from the first vote . 
  trust me , there 's life after leaving the uk . 
  downvoted for stating a fact . 
   on average , britons estimate that 28 % of the uk population were born in other eu countries . 
  office for national statistics figures for year ending december 2014 show that 8.3 million uk residents , 13 % of the total population , were born abroad . 
  however , only 3 million of those were born in an eu country so the real figure is less than 5 % . 
  your problem is n't the eu . 
  at least in scotland you 'll get a second bite of the cherry . 
   people that do n't turn out are not in favour . 
  how do you know that ? 
  it 's always endgame for some economic pundits . 
  from what i understand usually imperial conquest followed commercial interests , for example the east india company was present in india for centuries before india became part of the british empire . 
  what thailand did differently was to not resist commercial interests but work with them , thereby retaining autonomy . 
  it was more than . 
  the thais saw how theit traditional enemy , the burmese were so easily steamrolled by a few hundred guns and decided to meet europeanism head on by sending their best to european colleges to get to know what they were up against . 
  i was misled by another comment . 
  japantown is a safe area , i 'm surprised by that . 
  tenderloin area is notorious , i do n't know why it 's tolerated . 
  i 've been to sf a few times and enjoyed walking around the city but was always wary around that area . 
  i 'm sure the british once felt the same way about those pesky puritan colonies across the atlantic . 
  fair enough . 
  if you enjoyed the time you wasted then it was n't wasted . 
  you do realise it can get very cold in winter ? 
  but if the police saw the incident and just ignored it how would it make you feel that it was always permissible ? 
  see what i 'm getting at ? 
  well if he was n't arrested after publicly confessing to targeted intimidation then it 's open season . 
  a man can accost any woman on the street and ask why all women are bitches , a woman can accost a man and ask why all men are violent bastards . 
  if it smells like shit and it looks like shit then it probably is shit . 
  you 're good here . 
  nice . 
  we 'll have our women trained up before we send them over . 
  might n't be important to you but to her it could be . 
  i would n't call a voluntary union where members can leave at any time stable in the first . 
  the eu is a floating arrangement of converging interests . 
  have you been to ni during marching season , no that you wo n't believe . 
  thanks for that . 
  frances fitzgerald is a she , not a he . 
  no room for your own gullibility ? 
   if we chose incorrectly , i fear western governments have failed . 
  are you saying it 's everyone fault that people vote trump ? 
   his country has been attacked by his own words who 's he ? 
  so the uk funded the boston bombers , interesting . 
  actually you can thank the uvf for introducing the gun into irish politics when they imported guns from germany in 1914 . 
  yeah , the brits could n't accept that occupied populations would fight back . 
  do n't forget to exit northern ireland too .
