  eu structural funding should not be confused as domestic budgeting . 
  if they call you a cunt they like you . 
  if they call you a real cunt you 're about to get glassed . 
  scratch me holden and i 'll cut ya !, 
  wake in fright , great movie . 
  i have met quiet australians but they are a minority . 
   so why do n't you direct your hatred towards our media and not our people ? 
  why do n't you change your media ? 
  do n't tell me , the eu forces on you !, 
  well at there 's the choice of an irish eu passport and a uk passport . 
  i think we value our connection more . 
  before the eec over 80 % of our trade was confined to britain but now only 14 % of our exports go there . 
  you can borrow st patricks day , one continent wide parade and piss-up !, 
  would you ask a white supremest why they hate black people ? 
  i guess russia can have wages wired to him this time . 
  haters got to hate . 
  my outlook is perfectly consistent , however the uk ... .  it was sir henry tizard who summed it up by saying : `` we are a great nation , but if we continue to behave like a great power we shall soon cease to be a great nation . '', 
  but it 's the political term that 's being repeatedly defended geographically . 
  yeah , it 's past midnight so i 'm quitting for now before my typing goes to total shit !, 
  true story . 
  needed to get a printer fixed so i rand the helpline , got put through to help centre in cork , could barely understand the lad , then he patched me through to someone in north england which was a total different bag of wtf and then finally got put onto a guy in the netherlands who i could totally understand and the problem got fixed in minutes !, 
   it would also provide a uk base for companies that need a single market presence , which would help the ni economy significantly . 
  i ca n't see the eu allowing this unless it only applied to indigenous ni companies which trade into both britain and the irish republic but are n't base in either jurisdictions . 
  do you have any links on these proposals , i 've been reading widely and i had n't heard of such ideas so far . 
  i could see the the cta being moved back to the ulster ports alright , just like during the war and the decade after but i find it hard to see how a customs would work the same way . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait and see . 
   i can totally understand a dutch person speaking english but you travelling irish really stretch my ears . 
  well i do n't understand a lot of accents in ireland , cork is horrific !, 
   despite what you and the irish government believe - you do n't control the english language . 
  actually english is an legally official language in ireland but not in england !, 
  plus as a global tool english left its native home long ago . 
  in fact i find it much easier to understand english spoken on the continent than the many dialects it 's spoken through in england !, 
  would st helena not be southern atlantic ? 
  i did consider that but would the canaries be more equatorial than northern ? 
  oh come on , i had a pretty good haul tonight . 
  it 's like shooting fish in a barrel . 
   call the countries and the islands whatever you want in irish . 
  why how gracious of you to let us not use your terms . 
  mighty kind . 
  regards to herself . 
  i can see your confusion . 
  freedom of movement for eu member states crosses both the shengen zone and the common travel area that the uk and ireland use . 
  the uk want 's to end eu freedom of movement but the irish republic as a remaining eu member will still be allowing eu citizens come to the island of ireland . 
  the only way for the uk to stop eu citizens from entering northern ireland is by erecting border posts , which given its history is an extremely dangerous thing to do . 
  as it is the republic already conducts customs checks with traffic coming from northern ireland but when the uk leaves the eu there 'll be a hard customs border . 
  is southern ireland a country ? 
  i 've never heard of it !, 
  the republic of ireland is a country , northern ireland is a constituent part of the uk yet you insist on this southern ireland thing . 
  what 's that about ? 
  you think it acceptable that brits continue to call ireland british after all their attempts to exterminate the native population ? 
  sentiment is for the status quo although brexit threatens that , so it 's probably best to ask that question again once the uk has recreated a hard border in ireland . 
   southern ireland the country does n't cover the whole of the island of ireland - the geographic term . 
  southern ireland is a country ? 
  the most northerly point in ireland is in the republic . 
  the term seems to have come to prominence during the start of the tudor plantation period where native irish were being supplanted english settlers , the term british became more widely used after the cromwellian era when the 90 % of ireland was now in english and scottish hands . 
   iceland is hundreds of miles away from the cluster that makes up the british isles . 
  but it is a distinct isle , like ireland and britain off the north of europe . 
  only british people feel a political need to call ireland theirs . 
  you do n't hear the danish call iceland a danish isle . 
   should i be offended by southern ireland trying to call itself just ireland as if it had some right to the whole island ? 
  the whole island is ireland . 
  what else did you think it was ? 
  you felt triggered ? 
   i 've always thought `` atlantic isles '' sounds like a nice alternative name . 
  me too . 
   if you dislike the uk so much then move to another country . 
  you mean one that 's not referred to in anyway as british ? 
  you felt a need to respond , yes ? 
   geographically , it 's much more logical to group ireland and great britain together than either with iceland . 
  logically iceland should be included in that grouping as it too is just another island smaller than britain off the north west of europe . 
  the most politically neutral name is the north atlantic archipelago , which could also include the azores . 
  iceland could be called british too by the same pre-empire reasoning but it is n't . 
  calling ireland but not iceland british only proves that the retention of the term is not geographical but imperial . 
  well malta was in some way british whereas iceland never was . 
  india was british too . 
  the insistence that ireland is british is an entirely an imperial prerogative . 
  calm now ? 
  sorry i triggered you . 
  that was actually better than i hope for . 
  bravo , the queen will be amused . 
  same principal applies , if ireland is a british isle then so too is iceland . 
  obviously it 's not geographical groupings that concern british nationalists . 
  ok , so the whole island which voted in the vast majority for independence parties in 1918 is independent ? 
  fully independent ? 
  i consider you a collateral bonus . 
  you ca n't let it go , can you . 
  everytime it brings out the british nationalist . 
  are you saying the greek verified that ? 
   the border as it is has been there for coming up to a hundred years . 
  if it 's anyone that 's going to be the end of it it 'll be on the eu 's say . 
  are you saying the uk wo n't patrol its borders ? 
  that would go against the whole brexit narrative . 
  a bit of fucking ejit , are n't ya ? 
  i said i could trigger british nationalists and you proved me right . 
   i can not see the eu risking peace over it . 
  it 's the uk that threatening the peace . 
  the eu could only be supportive of the gfa while both the republic and empire were eu members . 
  but without border checks there 'd be no way for brits to verify how long an eu citizens overstayed whatever new visa restrictions the brits bring in . 
  actually the most northerly irish people are in donegal which is the republic and neither they or the irish in northern ireland would consider themselves british . 
  i like it .
