  could be the victim knew their killer . 
  dem feckers have dual citizenship !, 
  we know . 
  we have the venue booked for the divorce party so get those papers filed . 
  no , we 're nosy fuckers who like to argue . 
  did it make much difference after the two fingers to the world which was the brexit campaign ? 
   30 % tariffs on european wine being introduced at the same time as us , australian and new zealand wine tariffs are scrapped will definitely harm the european wine industry . 
  nah , european wine producers are shifting to the antipodean mechanised model of production , aussie and nz profits have been taking a hit in recent years . 
  it was weird to see european wines selling for less than the local brands in aussie bottle shops . 
  is it really ? 
  i reckon most foreign leaders understand that may had to exile boris . 
  although i do wonder if in retrospect it would have been wiser to place boris somewhere closer to home where he could do more damage to the brexit campaigners and face his public more often . 
  so what was britains interest in opening a front for islamists in iraq ? 
  quebec is n't all of canada the same as wales is n't all of england , and yes those valley english are n't welsh !, 
  [ ever hear of a jumbo breakfast roll ? 
  ] ( http://cdn.thejournal.ie/embeds/twitter/e6d1f484cacd4402d96f83bdcb720b99.png ), 
  excellent point . 
  happy to cede the english language flag barer duty . 
  that is american food . 
  orange , always orange . 
  we love our orange order brethren up in northern ireland , they 're crazy as hell but it 's a special kind of crazy . 
  besides making fun of kerry people is pointless since they doubled down on their healy rae quotient . 
  english and irish are irelands official languages . 
  one is treasured and one is convenient . 
  no , it was the usa that just went full retard . 
  well i never see st georges cross used as a language signifier . 
  but the trump election showed that enough of the electorate believe banning a person because of their religion is now democratically permissible . 
  its as groundless as the american guy who called the bataclan attack an inside job . 
  a lot of people believe that but what you 're missing is that truth does n't matter anymore . 
  if trump can get elected on empty promises then there 's a good portion of that society is willing to be deceived . 
  how do we know it was n't a usa operation ? 
  brain washed , programmed for destruction ? 
  did n't the guy in the band that played that night say it was an inside job ? 
  i would n't contest that !, 
  although irish seems to making something of a comeback . 
  i must say i find myself having to check myself when in free flow conversation with non hiberno english speakers when i 'd used an irish idiom or word without thinking about it . 
  we 're the shit !, 
  how do we know there is n't some alternative plan to interfere with the eu ? 
  when i 'm in scotland or watch bbc alba i hear a lot of similarities with the irish language . 
  welsh on the other hand makes zero sense to me . 
  it never truly died , it 's actually coming back strongly in recent decades . 
  it 's still legally recognised beside english as an official language of ireland . 
  nah , revenge is best dispensed in their own language . 
  actually makes more sense , ireland has two languages . 
  sexy and britain in the same sentence does n't make sense . 
  well the tories have been getting away for decades with blaming us for the shit they 're responsible for . 
  the fact that the uk is leaving will actually boost english as the working language of the eu . 
  there can be no cultural jealously within the union if using a borrowed language . 
  higher percentage of eu immigrants than the uk !, 
  a pizza box tipped you over . 
  english is a legal language of ireland , what 's the problem ? 
  trump is getting to work early . 
  russia is more in danger of implosion than anything else . 
  it makes a show where it can but it would n't dare rattle its real concern , china on its eastern flank . 
  thanks for the overview . 
  they are all things to all people !, 
   you 're best off asking a leave voter tbh . 
  it 's their mandate being followed at the moment . 
  what you and i think is secondary . 
  i do n't get this narrative of the eu as being a separate entity to judge , it is the sum of its parts . 
  how badly does britain need to pay that subsidy ? 
  after all its more than what it pays the eu and the electorate voted out of that as they wanted that money for the nhs . 
  patriotism is the social binder for the usa but they need a uniting enemy to fight out in the open . 
  islam proved illusive so they just reject it outright in electing trump but with no obvious enemy to attack patriotism comes under pressure . 
  this could lead to a new civil conflict , especially involving latin americans for whom the incentive to integrate has been been greatly diminished by the trump victory . 
  5star want out of the euro ? 
  but that means leaving the eu and that 's something 5star stated they were against after brexit . 
  london could cut its northern ireland subsidy to fund it . 
  that sounds like a protection racket . 
   two buildings on repulic square they seem to signify utility over meaning . 
  stop it , even small amounts of education can bring them out in a rash . 
  we already had the higher rate of eu immigration although we do n't experience the same islamaphobia as the uk as we dont have the commonwealth legacy post war migration . 
  unfortunately though many of the eastern europeans are heading home as their economies improve . 
  make the celtic union great again . 
  ai n't gon na happen . 
  do you mean sepa ? 
  flood in ? 
  the vast majority of britains muslim population come from the commonwealth and that was well before the poles turned up . 
  i do n't get the headline , the euro started out weak against the dollar and only now is the dollar getting back there . 
  your history is other peoples present . 
  20 years ago was when london finally wrote off its final enclave in ireland against the protests of its loyal unionists . 
  so true . 
  i was being turned down by a local health centre because i was from the eu , when i iterated that there were reciprocal arrangements and that i 'd challenge them legally they backed down . 
  they were all sweetness and light then . 
  similar suspicion held against the irish of being a state within a state . 
  randomly ? 
  the policies of privation that led to the halving of the irish population were intentional . 
  their , they 're , it will be all right . 
  your welcome . 
  global language . 
  probably not applicable in small town anywhere but it 's handy otherwise . 
  had a friend who got a transfer to the netherlands and when he asked about the dutch lessons he was supposed to take all his dutch colleagues told him not to bother . 
  he 's there now over 5 years and still has n't learned any !, 
   i find it difficult to determine the ratio of people doing it out of ignorance versus the ones doing it out of a lack of caring about correctness . 
  hey , your country just made trump its president . 
  you 're right to critique has been suspended for four years . 
  its only 20 years since the occupied part was demilitarised by british forces . 
  that 's living memory . 
   you 're assuming that every project the eu dreams up is `` working in everyone 's interest '' . 
  obviously not everyone agrees .
