  absolutely . 
  some of best friends in ireland are british . 
  the cta has nothing to do with the residency rights in eachothers nations . 
  unfortunately the unionist paramilitaries transitioned into organised crime and the dup were opposed to the good friday agreement which ended the troubles . 
  i ca n't see a return to the bad auld days of the troubles but tensions will be high in northern ireland in the coming years as the unionists feel their traditional position of dominance slipping away . 
   we are all just people , let 's get on . 
  but the uk does n't want eu people . 
  it 's too hard to say lets get on but you 're not welcome in the same breath . 
  the cta moved to the irish sea from 1939 to 1955 i think . 
  after the uk leaves it 's actually in the republics economic interest to join schengen . 
  the uk is only 14 % of ireland export market while trade within the eurozone continues to increase . 
  there 's no reason to change the domestic legislation that allow residency rights in eachothers nation but ultimately the republic and the uk have been on diverging paths since 1916 . 
  well we may not a choice on that . 
  the election results last week really rattled the unionist community and they 're paramilitaries did n't make the same transition to power sharing politics that nationalists did . 
  even yesterday there was a uvf attributed murder carried out in carraigfergus . 
  the cta is not agreement , britain actually moved it back to the irish sea during the war and the decade after without ever consulting ireland because there was no agreement to alter . 
  it 's an ad-hoc common arrangement acknowledged in eu treaties and is n't binding . 
  as a non-binding arrangement there are no rights attached . 
  i think the only uk poll irish citizens ca n't vote in are eu elections but that wo n't be a thing anymore anyway . 
  it will probably be restructured as the irish republic will not stop people who are legally entitled to be in the eu from crossing into the uk on the island . 
  most likely the uk will move the cta back to british ports and if scotland leaves then back to hadrians wall . 
  no border is the status quo , brexit changes that . 
   also it was the ira that started the conflict in 1916 . 
  no , the unionist had armed themselves against the democratically driven rule bill movement . 
  the british sided with the terrorists . 
  the majority voted to stay in the eu but the dup were for brexit . 
  it 's the border areas where the dup lost most . 
  the ira did n't bring the gun into irish politics , that was the loyalist uvf when they imported guns from germany in 1913 . 
  the irish majority were for westminster approved home rule , irishmen volunteered for the front based on the belief that it guarantee home rule but they were betrayed . 
   or you could stop the terrorism apoligism and pointless shitposting and post something of value . 
  its the british government that created the conflict . 
  the majority are for the status quo , but brexit now threatens that status quo , especially in the border areas which is where the pro-brexit dup suffered their heaviest losses in the election . 
  do n't forget the johnny logan posters everywhere . 
   plus it was n't ireland that did that , it was a sectarian terrorist , militia . 
  yes we know the uvf was backed by the british government . 
  the ulster covenant was not a government poll and even carson admitted that it was a mistake afterwards . 
   ireland financially , militarily , structurally and intelligence wise is woefully unable to intergrate ni . 
  got westminster sign off on the good friday agreement against the objections of the unionists . 
  you deny that the uvf armed themselves from germany against the democratic home rule bill ? 
  partition was n't a democratic vote . 
  i do n't know if they 'll be allowed public funding though under the irish constitution if they still unhold their bar on catholics joining . 
  france supported that route too but ireland put german reunification on the top of the agenda when it hosted the next european presidency after the fall of the berlin wall . 
  from there the process snowballed . 
  greece is only one part of the ez and its internal compliance problems were well noted long before euro membership . 
  the fact that former eastern bloc nations have passed long time member greece is even more damning of its internal imbalances . 
  scotland is no greece . 
  scotland wo n't have the euro but will be obliged to converge eventually , sweden is two decades converging !, 
  they do n't have adopt the euro straight away , they 're just obliged to converge in the future i believe . 
  but as a new member the uk opt outs are definitely gone . 
  what arguments for the original partition remain ? 
  irish reunification is the end of unionism as we know it . 
  some wo n't accept it , just as many did n't accept irish independence and simply left . 
  thatcher wanted german reunification to take five years !, 
  cornwall next !, 
  i would have thought so too but sein fein are a nationalist party that are only 1.200 votes behind the dup . 
  who said they fully decommissioned ? 
   would n't the fact that it is ( was , when it rejoins ) already a member of eu system , make it faster ? 
  certain standards and regulations are already in use . 
  i would have thought that too . 
  it 's in neither the eus or scotland 's interest to make it anything other than seamless . 
   stop making stupid low quality comments , it 's just shitposting . 
  oh yes , the brexit bus is a quality express !, 
  all aboard the mystery train !, 
  ireland brexited a century ago so you 're wrong there . 
  well the uvf armed themselves from the continent , not britain . 
  they do n't have to when they know in the long run they 'll achieve their goal . 
  the unionists know the game is up in the long run too but their paras did n't make the transition to mainstream politics like the nationalists did . 
  if there 's trouble ahead it will be lit by the unionist hardcore . 
  cost is n't stopping brexit . 
  there 's certainly little enthusiasm for facilitating the likes of the orange order . 
  northern ireland was created against the democratic will for home rule , i do n't see why london eu loyalists ca n't be facilitated in the same manner . 
  as british citizens have a legal right to reside in the republic then the onus will be on irish employers to ensure that eu citizens are given first refusal . 
  for the self employed brit who can move their business easily it 's actually really a very convenient back door . 
  its departing status is pretty much covered by the arrow beside it . 
  i guess they could have put `` here be dragons '' after the arrow too just for the feck of it . 
  [ actual law . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ireland_act_1949 ), 
  well france did have an extremely bloody retreat from empire with the collapse of the fourth republic , empire was officially relinquished in the fifth republic . 
  spain never ruled latin america as colonies , they were considered internal parts of spain , the modern nations being roughly delineated as when they were ruled as parts of the spanish main . 
  it probably fairer to say that spain did n't so much relinquish latin america but it relinquished spain . 
  just because britain relinquished its empire did n't mean that the britain imperial was interrupted . 
  obe are after all order of the british empire awards !, 
  the uk is in effect the last uninterrupted remnant of that same empire . 
  if the uk were to disband england would be renewed again . 
   destroying the uk would , for me , be destroying a large part of my identity . 
  i appreciate that . 
  but do you think it might actually make your english identity resonate more though ? 
  the imperial british government that has presided over the rise and fall of the world largest empire is a bit anachronistic in this modern age do n't you think ? 
  the uk wanted its cake and to eat it too . 
  brexit is n't actually the eus problem , it 's the uks problem . 
  surely scottish , welsh and english as nations can become subservient to the will of british nationalism , as with brexit and scotland . 
  you do n't go to ireland for the weather !, 
  the act under which irish citizens are covered in the uk predates and is unaffected by eu law . 
  look brexit is the uks baby . 
  we in the eu ca n't dictate how far the uk want 's to take it . 
  it 's the uk driving the stupid bus . 
  in negotiations our priority will be protecting eu citizens in the eu . 
  we ca n't do much for eu citizens in non eu countries beyond the usual consular support . 
  for what it 's worth all my british friends in ireland who were eligible started their naturalization process in the weeks after the vote because in their words they knew how crazy their own nation was . 
  you 're talking sense .
