  ultimately though the eu is a single market for jobs so there 's going to be movement . 
  the difference there was that greece the country and not the greek banking system was needing a bailout . 
  the greek crisis was a greek crisis and not an eu one . 
  greece has gone very quiet since their bluff was called . 
  yip , state a fact and get downvoted . 
  should have just attached a picture of a pug . 
  it 's each blocs trajectory that 's worth noting . 
  in many ways europe gets to have the post wwii consumer boom that the us enjoyed . 
  [ in 2012 , he became the first artist to have a different album in the british charts every year for 25 consecutive years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_o%27donnell ), 
  it 's called country and irish . 
  btw daniel o'donnell made his fortune off the uk . 
  actually no , we 're currently plagued by nathan carter but we 'll be sending him over to the uk next . 
  i never paid much attention to music once i found out boyzone was n't a joke . 
  then came westlife i think . 
  but without even listening to what 's criminally labeled as music you ca n't escape jedward . 
  i never pay much attention to music once i found out boyzone was n't a joke . 
  then came westlife i think . 
  but without even listening to what 's criminally labeled as music you ca n't escape jedward . 
  do that and we 'll send more boybands and more louis walsh products your way !, 
  on second thoughts we 're having a bit of a party at the post office on o'connell street in dublin on easter sunday , come along and bring some union jacks around noon . 
  you 'll feel very included . 
   the uk can easily come off worse if we exit but the eu would n't easily brush us off . 
  but is n't that what you want , to leave , to be apart ? 
  north iraq towards the syrian border was always the hardest area for the us to secure . 
  because if its divisive role in the region it is pertinent to exclude the us from peace talks . 
  the us is too easily manipulated . 
  why did n't you listen to these experts before the invasion ? 
  but being outside would put up the same trade barriers that other non members like australia face . 
  there is a reality to this that is not being communicated . 
  for domestic politics cameron created a facedown with europe that ultimately hinders the uk most . 
  the rest of the eu will continue on regardless . 
  headline is a bit strange . 
  to be homeless is to be already evicted, 
  it was hard to know what to make of the arab spring as it spread , what it meant in one country was different in another . 
  for example the place where it started has comparatively the least civil disruption when compared to libya and egypt . 
  iraq 's instability was prior to the arab spring . 
  there are anti assad forces who are also anti isis but ultimately its us military hardware that 's armed isis after the us lost interest in iraq . 
  the talaban also had us arms and were allowed to fester in afghanistan after the end of the cold war until 9/11 . 
  we may need to keep o'carroll as a shitty stick to beat you with !, 
  but you must understand that increasingly the us is viewed as having an attention span incommensurate with its military might . 
  when your only tool is a hammer then every problem looks like a nail . 
  the eu refugee crisis now is a direct consequence of usa military misadventures in the middle east then . 
  we all have bad days . 
  you ca n't think how a destablised iraq is a european problem ? 
  the whole destabilization of the middle east ( geography lesson here , libya is n't the middle east ) is the consequence of the us led invasion of iraq . 
  you do realise that over a decade ago the us invaded iraq but later pulled out leaving a power vacuum that isis filled . 
  testament to that is isis 's choice of wheels , the [ humvee ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/isis-turning-us-humvees-into-iraqs-nightmare-2015-6 ) . 
  yeah , whatever , just keep louis walsh please . 
   europe is once again learning the necessity of `` dirty work '' this dirty work you speak or , is it like when the us left a power vacuum in iraq for isis to fill and from which they could destabilize an entire region forcing millions of refugees into surrounding countries ? 
  that was not nice , nor was it pretty , but it was done nonetheless . 
  it 's ultimate shape will be defined by events but the only unifying purpose would be common defense . 
  of course there is the situation where an attack against the eu could be launched from a neighbouring border or nearest shore ( take libya for example ) but again any action taken outside eu borders would be defensive actions . 
  constrained by a defense protocol , invasions like the us and uk adventure in iraq could not be tabled without an actual physical breach of eu security first . 
  there does n't have to be an eu army , just a common protocol amongst member states about defense standards . 
  my comments were in reply to an us call for europe to pull its weight . 
  when the only tool you have is a hammer every problem looks like a nail . 
  since you mention the uk and france you should note that a decade ago they were in disagreement about invading iraq . 
  for this reason the only common military focus for the union can be defense . 
  at some stage the union is going to have to acknowledge that the military expeditions of the few states can have gross negative impacts on the entire union . 
  consequently the union may be forced to restrict member states excursions implicitly to humanitarian response . 
  the ability of members states to follow the us where ever it goes could be compromised . 
  i agree on that . 
  a crisis may create the consensus and the will to establish common policy independent of the usa . 
  the problem though can be some european countries want to follow the usa into military adventures outside the eu which can have consequences for members opposed to such expeditionary actions . 
  the tendency for us commentators to treat the eu as another usa overlooks that fact its a voluntary union whose main members were at war with eachother just 70 years ago , that 's only one lifetime ago . 
  the american civil war is far more distant . 
  fair enough but should n't such issues be addressed directly to the un rather than at individual countries ? 
  and my point is that the us taxpayer subsidizing military spending in countries who do n't require it benefits only the industry who sells the goods . 
  that 's the same in any industry but some countries do n't feel a need to spend on expeditionary forces in the same way as the us . 
  not all european countries have expeditionary forces like the us so understandably they do n't see a reason to buy the heavy hardwear when internal security is their main concern . 
  yeah but i bet us arms manufacturers are smiling all the way to the bank . 
  free ride off the us tax payer . 
  resisting military adventuring is not throwing a tantrum . 
  you asked if sweden and denmark had colonies and now you know they did . 
  it does not take from the fact that recent military intervention by former colonial powers in the middle east is not an eu project . 
  it remains the responsibility of those participating and they ca n't consign the consequences of those actions upon an eu where neutral third parties are members . 
  counties like the us may look upon the syrian crisis as an eu problem but we do n't suffer from short term memory loss and we know the power vacuum that isis filled in north iraq was created by a usa that got bored with not being loved by the people they ` liberated ' and so they left . 
  sweden was even involved in the atlantic slave trade and denmark cede their holdings to the british . 
  they all benefited from colonial conquest . 
  no , we shall not !, 
  it 's the responsibility of the war mongering nations who love dropping bombs but not taking those who flee from bombs . 
  the eu is not a vehicle for former colonial empires to gang up for more military adventures . 
  there 's enough money in the greek economy to import guest workers for work the locals shun . 
  to be fair many eu countries did not take part in the wars that created the instability from which isis has been able to grow yet they equally carry the burden of helping refugees of the crisis , even when us voices say the refugee crisis is a eu problem . 
  the crisis killed facebook for me , did n't realise i knew so many twats . 
  i do n't envy your situation , tax avoidance used to be very bad in ireland but most people now accept that there 's no free lunch . 
  that 's the problem , measures not being implemented when they should . 
  i agree . 
  the old unionist mantra of home-rule = rome-rule rings hollow these days , especially after the marriage referendum . 
  if anything conservative catholic and protestants in northern have more in common with eachother than with either the irish republic or mainland britain . 
  it 's not about scale , it 's about position . 
  you mean this time greece might actually leave ? 
  if the uk left then they 'd be in no greater position than norway , outside the decision making tent and having no say in the conditions they have to meet to trade with europe . 
  this whole debate seemed premised on the notion that 's there 's another massive trading bloc on britain 's door . 
  that only provides non resident cover . 
  true , they do n't even pretend to have a coherent economic policy . 
  laws are suggestions . 
  schedules are approximates . 
  fianna fail are very generous , they even let the irish tax payer enjoy the debts of the entire banking sector back in 08 . 
  their economic policies are as trustworthy as sein feins .
