  well it 's a win win for us if the eu force apple to pay what they owe and stop liberally interpreting their tax liability . 
  it does make me wonder though how profitable apple will be after they pay what they owe and without another jobs at the helm is apples best days behind it ? 
   also , the data are from 2014 . 
  yeah , dundee in scotland will have taken a huge hit with oil price falls . 
  but jaysus , it was great craic !, 
  no , it 's london that helps people evade tax , we just have a low corporate tax rate . 
   is ireland also that expensive ? 
  i did n't expect them to be this high . 
  dublin can be . 
  i 'd choose malta over iceland . 
  sorry iceland , just already too familiar with the atlantic climate . 
  you 're dutch , a colonising nation . 
  you do n't understand why english never was and never will be my native language . 
  i speak english but it 's not my native tongue and i 'll never consider it so . 
  when someone corrects my hibernos i can justify it as it 's the colonisers language , not mine . 
  who we choose to speak irish to is our business but if you 're from a colonialist society then why do you care ? 
  colonisers just point their gun at the native , steal their land , starve them of hope and a future . 
  the funny thing is i knew a canadian who grew up speaking french and when she visited paris she was repeatedly snubbed for not speaking it properly !, 
  although my niece who went to school to montreal for a few years told me the french taught there was antiquated compared to the modern french she was learning in ireland !, 
  it is not native . 
  we do not consider it native here despite whatever colonising nations might say . 
  that 's incorrect . 
  english is not native to ireland . 
  it 's native to england . 
  i am not an english native . 
  i see what you 're asking and i would say the language is not the problem . 
  it 's more the english cultural outlook . 
  papers in the english language in scotland and ireland tend to be more tuned in the big eu picture . 
  for example although i 'm in england at the moment i 'll revert to the irish media for matters regrading brexit as generally the british media tend to view the eu as a story to sensationally spin either way to sell papers . 
  aside from a business paper like the one that published the article we 're discussing , the media here is very politically partizan . 
  i 'll put it this way , using english has n't hindered irish business from picking up eu opportunities that the uk discard . 
  so yes , the problem is culture , not language . 
  ireland does have large norman castles like kilkenny , king johns castle in limerick , trim castle ( used in braveheart ) and dublin castle but as there were already so many competing tribal kingdoms it was n't a straight invasion . 
  the normans more married into ireland than conquer it outright . 
  even then they that did n't provide a solid state control . 
  marriages could n't ensure that tribal alliances would n't change so building sturdy redoubts became a norm for the normans in ireland . 
  if you ever travel in the south east of ireland you may notice the massive amount of tower houses or ten pound castles as i believe they were called like [ these ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/06/8e/46/068e463be941c3201b7f68489bdac135.jpg ) . 
  in north kilkenny bordering a boggy area there 's a loads of them , all built to be sight of the next , obviously for mutual defense . 
  on the british identity in ireland i reckon it first dates from the civil wars where english and scottish settlers came to eachothers mutual defense . 
  in particular english settlers of the lagan valley and the scottish settlers along the coasts . 
  well for a start we 're militarily un-aligned so we 're not exactly worried about geopolitical cyber attack , we do n't have a weapons complex to defend . 
  we do n't feel we own english , it was the language of a foreign administration in ireland at a time when most spoke their native irish language . 
  after the mass starvation of the great hunger ( an gorta mor ) english was adapted just to survive . 
  it 's essentially a tool to us . 
  the similarities between ireland and england are superficial . 
  the eu has been irelands means to reduce irelands trade dependence from over 80 % in the 1970s to under 30 % now , our actual exports to the uk are now half what we import from there . 
  our politics is local but our perspective is global so where the uk media see the eu as a problem , our focus is on opportunity . 
  we 're an emigrant nation with a global diaspora but we were never colonisers . 
  the more european and global our society becomes the more the irish language is revived . 
  yeah , i 'm indigenous of a nation where irish is the native tongue and english was adopted through it . 
  we never learned english in school . 
  tanx, 
  that seems about right . 
  it 's going to be shitfest for the next four years !, 
  the brit media could report the truth but a mangled sensationalist translation sells better . 
  i 'm presuming you do n't remember the wisdom of george w bush . 
  i thought qu\u00e9bec had the financials but they moved after a very close independence vote scared them away to ontario . 
  as is said , empires do n't fall , they fade away . 
  brit tabloid , disgusting filth . 
  are you telling me that a child born and raised in germany whose parents do n't speak german is n't a native because they learned their german in school ? 
   it 's only in very recent times that we have created narratives of nationhood for ourselves . 
  fair enough , using a broad definition but you overlook that the brits tried to make ireland english through the displacement of an established population . 
  the tudor plantation era saw the english living separately to the irish with whom they had previously been intermingling , see the statues of kilkenny for reference . 
  i asked who decides who 's a native ? 
  english is very much an imported language whereas irish , even though not as widespread as before the brits did their holocaust thing here . 
  depends on who thought you . 
  on phone so ca n't do fada . 
  how are you to decide who 's native ? 
  i come from what was once a very fertile nation , six kids per woman was the average i think when i was born in the 70s but the big changes i saw happening that probably influenced a change were freedom of choice . 
  contraception was limited to marriage until the 80s and even then it had be seen that a family was completed . 
  contraception became freely available around 86 if i remember correctly and divorce was only voted in in 1995 !, 
  we went from families starting in their early 20s to people not marrying til mid 30s now and having one of the highest rates of late motherhood in europe . 
  i ca n't blame the cost of parenting , it not impossible but it is n't as easy to have the multiple holidays a year or career changes when desired . 
  considering he 's out in two years i reckon he knows that as brexit is now a political steamtrain that is n't going to stop , it 's far easier to just withdraw to the strictest interpretation of his remit . 
  it 's what i would do . 
  flip , half my siblings were born at home !, 
  with such swift comebacks like yours we 'll probably find out what your nation wants from brexit long after the negotiations have concluded . 
  well we are not the usa , we will not be sending feds or troops into eacothers states . 
  far better as a voluntary union . 
  no memory of being reemed by currency exchange in the past ? 
  i 'm listening to brits complain about only getting 1:1 at the airports now !, 
  that 's a domestic societal imbalance and i do n't see how other eu nations are responsible for fixing it . 
  i 'm really glad for poland . 
  when polish people first arrived in ireland many were very down on poland and were really eager for work but now many friends i 've made are being lured back there and they will be missed . 
  historically france has been an alley for longer the uk . 
  the usa had even planned to invade canada in the 30s !, 
  wo n't you be renting your carriers and aircraft from the usa ? 
  sounds like a bad deal . 
  when the euro was launched it was a lot weaker against the dollar than today . 
  i do n't agree . 
  the good friday agreement was only possible with third party sponsorship . 
  being perfidious they went ahead with the brexit vote without consulting us . 
  i said it ages ago , he 's the shop floor manager who makes sure everyone gets the same amount of marietta biscuits , nothing more . 
  its not like relations are warm , we only had the first visit by a british head of state for century a couple of years ago and no one is in a hurry to have another one . 
  yeah , you 're not wrong . 
  i had a brexiter pensioner nearly spit out her teeth when i told we use the euro !, 
  she still thought that as a republic ireland was still part of the uk !, 
  because businesses may want to avoid corruption charges . 
  have you ever the horror stories of how difficult it is for multinationals to get basic things done india like a phone connected ? 
  but the gfa happened before that .
