  [ still the best trolling !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9p0lemfvuw ), 
  you did n't notice the eton club ? 
  boris always dives right in !, 
  i came here for that pun !, 
  it 's about which school he went to and sounding assured . 
  the brits love their class system . 
  be still your struggling heart !, 
  you 'll be telling the french they 're not frenching properly etc. . . plus you 'll probably totally cock up italian food by putting everything in a butte . 
  [ we took the french loaf and created the jumbo breakfast roll !, 
  ] ( http://cdn.thejournal.ie/embeds/twitter/e6d1f484cacd4402d96f83bdcb720b99.png ), 
  is n't he selling used fords off a lot in manchester now ? 
  hang on , i was thinking of another dodgy dave . 
  what happens now is that britain becomes insufferably europhile . 
   we still voted for brexit this just means everyone else gets a say in what that means rather than us basically ending up in a ukip wet dream without anyone having voted for it . 
  how many million versions of `` brexit means brexit '' do you envisage ? 
  they could appeal it the european court of justice . 
   oh my god , civil wars do n't happen over one stupid issue . 
  it like a crisis , it starts slowly and then suddenly all at once . 
  better go buy cucumbers to practice on . 
  in a country with a hereditary head of state and an unelected upper chamber ? 
  you 're being down voted for expressing yoiur honest opinion . 
  i do n't understand the brits attitude towards poles considering there are far more non-eu immigrants in the uk . 
  if you do n't have a strong regional accent . 
  one aussie thought a scot and i were speaking gaelic !, 
  well that 's a perfect example of a utilitarian language . 
  sorry , could you repeat that . 
  i 'm not really sure of what you 're trying to impart . 
  `` pope wants to more vatican to uk to escape muslim eu ! '', 
  this mi5 , they 've got to justify their existence . 
  i reckon they just waited until there was some downtime from brexit before getting their name in to make sure voters remembered they existed . 
  i met a pacific islander in australia who told me that my queen was like a god to him . 
  he was such a sincere well meaning old man i did n't have the heart to tell him about the republic . 
  i thought only brits were expats ? 
  yeah the weather is so shit here there 's little distraction outdoors . 
  brexit needs its own sub . 
  brexit needs its own sub at this stage . 
   and they still ask you why do you wan na come in the us `` i 'm here for the revolution ! '', 
  i ca n't see that going down well . 
  yeah , i had to get one for just a 10 hour stopover . 
  load of bullshit . 
  nah , he was really concerned about his his kids education , it was really far behind the irish system . 
  the kids were really shocked at how their classmates could n't do simple maths etc. 
  ah jaysus , all the beeping beeping . 
  well they still hit everyone with an esta charge . 
  we really should charge them too , see how they like it . 
  i 'll trust my brothers take on canada after his three year stint there . 
  we have n't forgotten mexico , we 're just waiting for its takeover of the usa to be complete before starting formal talks . 
  we knew a day would come when the uk would leave so we 've been lining up other nations to take its place . 
  canada now , australia and new zealand in the future will fully plug the gap left by the uk . 
  japans buidings were mostly wooden so the post war moderisation saw the solid structure being of mostly modern design whereas solid construction has been the norm in the med for millennia . 
  british condescension towards everyone else is not right wing , its a national stance . 
  the eu is voluntary , it does n't get more fragile than that . 
  compared to ireland 's union with britain , brexit will be a burp and a smelly dump afterwards . 
  it 's poor taste to piggyback your own separate interest on what could potentially be a very serious tragedy . 
  i really hope you are right . 
  the arrogance of the top brexiteers is what 's created the friction . 
  happy bday turkey . 
  i hope to visit someday soon . 
  it would be like the eurovision , regional blocks ganging up . 
  far better not to try emulate the usa federal system . 
  the eu has many different cultural considerations to contend with before talking about a common presidency . 
  maybe in a few generations when peoples eu identity means more than their national identity . 
  ultimately though competing sovereign state interests act like a brake to keep the eu from being pulled too far in any one direction . 
  the weirdest time zone experience was 2hrs in the space of 40klm between peru and chile . 
  had dinner on the peruvian side at around 7pm as it was getting dark . 
  next day crossed over into chile where it did n't get dark till 9pm . 
  everyones dinner times were way off . 
  it could be worse though , china does n't have time zones and that 's thousands of km across !, 
  yes , it does seem terribly conservative but my polish friends are shocked when realise abortion is illegal in ireland , contraception was only legalised in 1985 and divorce has only been legal since 1995 !, 
  my favorite accent is italian . 
  i have heard of that attitude that those who left are considered to have betrayed poland but its the eu , it 's not like irish people ca n't go to poland , which does happen and as there have been a lot of polish-irish marriages . 
  ireland can be expensive and many save the money they made in ireland for buying a house outright when they return home . 
  plenty of irish did exactly the same in the past . 
  i would also add though that the people i know heading back already have jobs lined up with good wages , the english language skills being a big advantage in their job market . 
  even then though with a weakened currency and smaller market the uk will be a secondary market to the eu for top talent . 
  some work friends are heading home to poland after a decade in ireland . 
  i was sad but i 've been an emigrant abroad too so i understand its not always about the money , its home . 
  well from what i 've seen of the australian points system its east to abuse . 
  its reliant on the applicants certs being from legitimate sources which can be impossible to verify . 
  australia has been increasingly looking to work out some visa system with the eu to avoid relying on the local region . 
  well is there a points system currently for non eu migration ? 
  what points system ? 
  i reckon the welsh will be the next target . 
  looks like brexit is a win for the eu too . 
  the americans will still be suckers for it though . 
  this is how intercontinental war starts . 
  yeah , `` here lads , this fucking junk bucket is nearby clapped out , put the sea rescue on standby '', 
  in fairness i meet brits all the time who could n't tell which end of ireland cork and belfast are at . 
  at best my knowledge of the uk is vague , brighton is south , newcastle is up north , birmingham is somewhere in the middle and beyond that i 'm guessing . 
  yeah . 
  my ignorance of british geography , i thought norfolk and norwich were two different counties . 
  yeah , i have heard that . 
  alan partridge country !, 
  shit , sorry . 
  was thinking of norwich . 
  most irish jokes tend to be about people from kerry . 
  is n't that no longer an issue as the german courts have ruled that ceta can be dropped if a host nation gets sued by a corporation ? 
  bjork for iceland surely ? 
  i agree .
