  it was n't wonderful after the property crash induced bank collapse . 
  are you joking . 
  when i left in 2011 it was dead . 
  moved back last year and had work within weeks . 
  there 's no doubt parts of the country are n't feeling it but then again these were probably the places where only a once in a lifetime excessive borrowing building bubble would bring jobs . 
  then how do the likes of the healy rays get to power ? 
  well if it was in a hurling match tomorrow we 'd beat china . 
   certain items within the economy are increasing in value , other 's are n't . 
  that is n't unique to ireland . 
  i 've no doubt some people are n't feeling it . 
  for example during the property bubble we did n't feel any boom benefit as renters whereas preexisting homeowners watched their equity grow by double digits in exceptional years . 
  swings and roundabouts . 
   have we reached a place where we are arguing about the same thing now ? 
  probably . 
  although having left ireland in 2011 and returned last year there is a huge difference . 
  do you believe the production plants of multinationals in ireland are just expensive brass plate addresses ? 
  well during the property bubble when house prices were rising so too was the growth in the amount of interest on capital borrowed and would therefore have fed into the cpi umbers . 
  i would thought that self evident . 
   if you are trying to suggest cpi is skewed because home values ( rather than costs ) are not included , that is a false assertion . 
  home values are a function of other forces . 
  from the link you provided it seems to cover increases in interest payments . 
  the ecb may lower the rate but it 's what the banks charge that 's counted . 
  were n't house prices included in cpi before ? 
  people seem to forget that there 's more than fdi going on . 
  for example we supply 20 % of the global baby formula market . 
  but again we are faced with that perennial question of whether to eat the potato now or let it ferment and drink it later !, 
  actually it was houses but we consoled ourselves afterwards on whiskey and beer . 
  it 's not a tax haven , it has a low corporate tax rate . 
  if you wanted to jump though the loopholes you could effectively pay zero tax in france . 
  ireland 's tax regime is attractive because its transparent and accessible . 
  germany trades on its own with china and the usa from within the eurozone so freedom to choose who you trade with is n't an argument . 
  probably because they are so alike . 
  if you 're at a sweet stall in greece or cyprus and ask for turkish delight you can see the blood pounding in the veins on their temple as they tell you through gritted teeth that it 's `` cypriot '' or `` greek '' delight . 
  it 's quiet amusing . 
  were n't banks still issuing their own notes that could be used alongside federal notes until the 1910s or so ? 
  if the uk rate was based on its euro average for 2015 then it 's already down roughly 5 % this year . 
  it would have been a lot lower too in the preceding years when the pound was devalued . 
  as a half member uncommitted to the eurozone it 's easy for the uk to think they can leave and retain what economic advantages they choose . 
  however all they are really attacking is their already favourable economic position within the union . 
  btw , greenland voted to leave a precursor of the eu . 
  that says more about british media !, 
  greece was shown the door , no one was stopping them and no one will stop the uk . 
  hey , i ca n't understand half of my own countrymen but if you go to south county dublin you 'll encounter something akin to a us west coast accent !, 
  are you sure , some regional english accents are impenetrable !, 
   they 're family . 
  i thought the us just considered the uk their aircraft carrier in northern europe . 
  the common travel area arrangement preexisted the eu so there 's no change for the uk to have to consider as far as free movement of people is concerned . 
  where it does get tricky is with trade tariffs . 
  the eu might let northern ireland be a special economic zone , westminster would n't mind that as it already heavily funds the territory . 
  technically that 's not correct , the full legal name is the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  britain being only the island . 
  although some in northern ireland identify as british they are actually irish citizens of the uk . 
  after the crusades the jews in europe were vilified as christ killers , their alienation from society continued in recurrent waves right up to the holocaust . 
  if they had n't been so badly treated would there be an israel and palestinian situation today ? 
  knew it , being downvoted for offering a reasonable postulation . 
  wow , you might even avoid old age yet !, 
  i 'm more worried that people who are n't depressed are prescribed depression medication . 
  what makes you think you deserve one ? 
  ireland did n't invade anyone . 
  british companies wo n't be able to use ireland as an eu conduit without establishing operations here . 
  swiss companies have to have bases in each eu country they operate in . 
  it 's upward trend that 's the story . 
  as it stands there 's a lot uk residents already on irish passports . 
  yeah , i do wonder about how the common travel area could be affected in the future . 
  for travel and social services the two nations could come to reciprocal arrangements but the flow of trade may be affected . 
   i hate making decisions :( i used to be like that but now , i do n't know . 
  if the uk hinders eu citizens from accessing their job market then reciprocal barriers will apply . 
  otherwise probably no change . 
  the real immigration question driving brexit does n't even involve eu citizens but mostly those entering the uk illegally from former commonwealth countries . 
  are there as many brits eligible for a german passport as there is for an irish one . 
  jack up the price for the passport shoppers , give exemptions only if they move to ireland . 
  i agree , the uk has made such a thing of attacking their already favourable position within the eu that it would feel very buffoonish to not see it through , regardless of the consequences . 
  chamberlain came back with `` peace in our time '' , cameron came with `` fudge in our time '' . 
  regardless of the result the tories are split anyway . 
  none of what you said changes the fact that tsipris is keeping greece in an union you describe as retarded . 
  if cameron loses the vote he 's finished and the tories will be split . 
  it will take a few year to negotiate future terms with the eu and in that time public mood could change if there 's a run on the currency ( which is widely forecasted ) and capital flight . 
  plus the prospect of the breakup of the uk would have to be countered if scotland wants to stay in the eu . 
  15 klm is a very short distance and i 'd probably be provoked into counteractive precautions . 
  at that range the option to ignore a threat may be non existent . 
  my grandfather was provoked into fighting against the british empire , i do n't know what i would have done in his situation but i appreciate that his action then means i do n't have to choose now . 
  i would n't be too sure about that . 
  all the eu can promise is the same as cameron got , their concerns to be on an agenda . 
  greece was shown the same door , no one will stop them . 
  there 's 27 other agenda 's to contemplate and if the uk gets more exclusions then eveyone else will want the same treatment and the idea of a common market for goods , services and labour will just gum up . 
  i do agree that brexit wo n't happen , even if they vote to leave the actual referendum is n't legally binding and if the government needs to it can legally ignore it if it 's acting in the best interest of the uk . 
  tsipris had a mandate to reject these incompetent institutions so why did n't he lead greece out . 
  the eu was very clear that there were no obstacles to greece leaving . 
  i 'm really bemused as to why the greek people tolerate a situation they perceive as unsustainable . 
  as a fellow eu citizen i 'm in favour of greece being free of the eu if it 's not working for them . 
  that 's what i suspected . 
  plus even a low increase in economic growth can actually be larger when measured against lower demand in a society that is actually shrinking . 
  are stagnant wages actually not a problem if there 's generally deflation in the economy . 
  for example you may not have got a raise but your purchasing power has increased with a drop in prices for everyday items . 
   immediately starting to talk down their country that 's the thing . 
  there 's plenty of brits who think royalty is nonsense and say it openly but if a non brit agrees with them it does n't stop them getting defensive . 
  i agree but i hope you can appreciate that an outsider in the uk saying british monarchy is silly can get the heckles up in someone who 'd normally not give a fig . 
  few do . 
  it seems the further you get away from the uk the stronger the feelings for british monarchy get . 
  i had some pacific islander tell how much he loved my queen ( he presumed i was one her subjects ) and how to him she was a god .
