  ireland will be in the eu , the uk will not . 
  it 's the uk who 's being the idiot by undermining the good friday agreement . 
  when that blows up it will be entirely the fault of the uk people for creating that hard border . 
  own your decisions or fuck off out of the island entirely . 
  you 've got irish blood so you know this is n't said lightly . 
  ireland is not the one seeking a hard border but that 's what we 'll end up with after brexit . 
  irelands future is with the bloc , not the uk . 
  reap the consequences of a return of the troubles . 
  just to be clear . 
  we will erect a border if it stops smuggling from a non eu member . 
  plus i have to add because it 's not obvious to you that london ca n't dictate to the irish people whether the level at which they choose to participate in a project that the uk no longer has interest in . 
  london dictating to the nationalist community in northern ireland has resulted in unfortunate consequences in britain in the past . 
   these things have nothing whatsoever to do with brexit . 
  brexit will impact on northern ireland . 
  tell me , have you spent anytime in that benighted corner ? 
  the uk created the situation in the north . 
  that was n't brussels . 
  it was the uk that supported the sectarian stormount government , not brussels . 
  the uk is setting a flame to the fuse in northern ireland . 
  unfortunately whatever travel restrictions the uk put up against eu citizens ireland will have to enforce reciprocal restrictions . 
  all preexisting eu irish and uk arrangements will be affected by a uk withdrawal from the bloc . 
  any exemptions given to irish citizens will have to given to all eu citizens . 
  schengen will replace the existing common travel area and all migrants traveling through ireland can cross the border unhindered by irish customs . 
  the onus will be on the uk to police its border if it wants to restrict eu migration into the uk via ireland . 
  it 's unavoidable . 
  at one time the uk used to account for over 80 % of our trade but now that figure is below 30 % with the uk only accounting for 10 % of our exports . 
  the eu , the usa and the global market have supplanted the uk as our principle trade outlet and any hit taken from a brexit can be absorbed by continued growth in other markets . 
  the real material impact of brexit will be its impact on the good friday agreement . 
  any escalation of paramilitary violence could have serious consequences for both the uk and the irish republic . 
  is n't that what 's driving the leave campaign ? 
   the uk would n't put a border up . 
  how do you know . 
  after all the talk about immigration from the eu driving the brexit camp why would n't they follow through in isolating themselves against the eu ? 
  what impact do the leave campaign think brexit would have on the good friday agreement and how do they envisage it developing considering that post brexit further negotiating will have to be between london and brussels rather than with dublin ? 
  my more pressing concern from an irish perspective is brexit kicking off shit in ni again . 
  the reimposition of border controls could undermine the good friday agreement which was drafted in the understanding that ni would be allowed to evolved independent of dublin and london but brexit would insert a harder border than the existing one . 
  anyone who thinks the troubles are consigned to the past are dreaming . 
  well obama does n't think that 's sufficient , unless of course it is sufficient but he 's promoting his countries exports . 
  and which country produces the most arms for export ? 
  its like asking a barber if he thinks you need a haircut . 
  there would have to be a price for debt forgiveness . 
  i reckon a fresh start back on the drachma will probably be the only course left . 
  but if everyone leaves and pats eachothers back for leaving then they 'll all be united in a new union called `` not-the-eu '' . 
  i bet the uk will the first to demand an exit vote from `` not-the-eu '' !, 
  they are free to walk away , and suffer the consequences . 
  well greece has always been free to walk away from the loans they made . 
  hey , all loans are painful if you want to talk quantitatives . 
  i have norman ancestry but i identify as irish whereas there are people born in northern ireland who identify with another island . 
  the politicians that you elect . 
  if the uk goes then you 're free to follow . 
  goodbye . 
  well what 's stopping you . 
   but the brits in northern ireland have been there so long they are considered irish now . 
  the problem is though those from northern ireland who call themselves british are considered irish by the british to whom they feel akin . 
  it must be very frustrating for a staunch unionist to be called paddy by a brit !, 
  support amongst businesses in the north is very much in favour of staying , only the most deluded are in denial of the huge impact a brexit could have on ni finances . 
  it 's up to you to leave if you 're not happy . 
  totally agree with you . 
  certainly for scotland but i had n't envisaged a self determination referendum for ni for another couple of generations . 
  in my opinion brexit may set back the northern ireland peace process . 
  the good friday agreement allows for northern ireland self determination free from both dublin and london . 
  however that agreement evolved under the presumption that both the irish republic and the uk remaining members of the eu . 
  in a brexit scenario an eu/uk border would now exist which would undermine the good friday agreement . 
  no separate deal can be negotiated between dublin and london on this as london would have to discuss eu border issues with brussels . 
  but it 's not . 
  it 's active as long as there are people on the ireland who self identify as being of another island , namely british . 
  yeah , just print all you need . 
  problem solved . 
  northern ireland is where native irish like native cypriots were displaced from their land by colonists from britain . 
  like north cyprus northern ireland is still occupied by a foreign force . 
  have you missed that the eu is not a sovereign entity but a loose arrangement of sovereign states with converging interests from which any sovereign state is free to leave if its interests are no longer served . 
  i presume you 'd support a similar repatriation of british colonialists in northern ireland . 
  if denmark gives too much then they ca n't blame everyone else for that generosity . 
  it 's free to leave . 
  are n't those projections based on population growth which is mostly reliant on emigration which happens to be the main argument against eu membership ? 
  i 'm sure you 'll be happy to replace lost eu funding to northern ireland . 
  the same countries that sit at the table in brussels and make collective decisions ? 
  hey , if they 're not happy to contribute then they should leave . 
  forgettable ? 
  you do n't remember the canary wharf and manchester bombings . 
  you obviously do n't appreciate the potential impact that a brexit could have on the good friday agreement . 
  the reestablishment of border check points on the island of ireland is terrible for us to contemplate , especially if you 've experienced the border check points of the troubles era . 
  to me a brexit is an opening up of a wound and i am loath that this potential hazard gets almost no mention by the leavers , especially considering how the troubles impacted on british cities . 
  to mainlanders it seems the troubles are over but we know that a border going up again can kick things off . 
   collectiveindividual , do you wish you were british ? 
  you 've missed all the brits out references then . 
  fair enough , greece is probably better off in a union with a culture it has more affinity with like turkey . 
   yes but that 's a symbolic job that 's not true , she 's cleans toilets when she has free time . 
  i know but greece can ignore that and plow their own course , maybe even join in a union with the uk . 
  after all they once wanted voted for a [ british prince to be their monarch !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_head_of_state_referendum,_1862 ), 
  i think they have to win a eurovision to qualify for future eu membership . 
  if it does n't happen we could sell them one of our wins . 
   currently the europe does n't really function . 
  what is `` the europe '' ? 
  the british administration of ireland united all strata of irish society in poverty . 
  i always carry a few ni notes on me when traveling in england , i 've actually got a few free coffees when they refused legal tender . 
  i just walk away . 
  i remember one chap got very irate saying that i was in britain so i had to use british notes but i thanked him for nullifying british claims on northern ireland . 
  greece is free to leave the union at any time , no one can stop them .
