  yeah , i 'm actually planning a cycling trip around europe in the future using campsites and hostels on the eurovelo routes . 
  i did overlook the reordering when the eu are rolled in to one . 
  well the uk value is depreciating on a daily basis . 
  what you have to watch for is a reduction in the pound in global circulation , i 've noticed in south america the euro has pretty much taken the pounds position . 
  it will be interesting to see how it all stacks up on the eve of a50 . 
  you really need to check your numbers , although facts do n't seem to be as important as confidence . 
  well do n't forget that outside the eu the uk is being compared globally and in that ranking it falls down another place behind india . 
  nah , while volatility sells this time it 's economics been driven by politics . 
  yes government change market rules all the time but this is changing a whole market and business has no idea of what questions it needs to ask so to plan ahead . 
  they could be another nokia , everywhere and then suddenly nowhere . 
  oh look , the royal toddler just did something adorable . 
  run along and see . 
   most of the bilateral aspects related to movement are , and will remain a matter for ireland and the uk . 
  no they wo n't . 
  ireland does not want to be a back door to the eu for uk business . 
  it 's in our interests now to join schengen . 
  the eu is now our main trading partner , we actually import more food and drink from the uk than we export so our producers will be glad to have tariffs on that competition . 
  our primary interest is northern ireland and as it stand all citizens of that region are entitled to irish eu passports so they 'll have free movement on the island regardless of what restrictions the uk imposes . 
  however people of that region and britain who travel to the republic on uk passports will be subject to the same restrictions the uk imposes on eu nationals . 
  our interests and the uks are diverging . 
  hit parity with the euro and they 'll be behind italy !, 
  the problem with financial services is that they 're very movable . 
   is anyone actually concerned about that ? 
  i mean irish nationals have a special status in the uk anyway , there is a huge amount of cooperation and no pressure , either in the uk or ireland to restrict bilateral trade , movement or anything else as far as i can see . 
  irelands special status in the uk is under pre-eu domestic law but it 's wo n't be reciprocated by eu . 
  i think you might need to check your facts , according to the leave campaign the uk was being lauded as the 5th biggest economy but obviously that position is changing rapidly . 
  while the uk is in the eu , they are not foreign workers . 
  they are workers in a common labour market . 
  now put away your jackboots until then . 
  so how far below an eu malta down the pecking order does the uk go then ? 
  the set model is the four freedoms , of which freedom of movement is one the uk does not want to participate . 
  restrict freedom of movement for eu citizens and uk citizens will face the exact same restrictions . 
  it has to be this way . 
  and no , ireland will not become a backdoor , brits eligible for irish passports only need apply . 
  seriously brits , how many still believe the uk can have an la carte exit ? 
  the place is in the largest trading block in the world . 
  greece is free to leave the eu . 
  do n't stay where you feel abused . 
  leave like the uk . 
  print the crap out of a new currency and your free . 
  really ? 
  greece threatened all kinds of shit like destroying the euro etc , the eu called their bluff and they 've shut the fuck up since . 
  same with the uk , loads of bluster about dictating what they want but the eu says hurry up with a50 . 
  just as well they just started introducing waterproof banknotes !, 
  that may be in places where work visas are an issue but singling out staff who are there under eu free movement just for their foreignness is disturbing . 
  i work with english chaps and i 'm sure they 'd prefer not to be placed in a situation where they 're less liken for promotions they deserve because some windbag politician thinks they 're bargaining chips . 
  your perspective is vile . 
  campsites are cheap . 
  well if it gives them a chance to get to where the jobs are then it is actually a solution . 
  well if he leads by example celibacy would be a norm , but its not . 
  look up famine work houses . 
  they 're been explored now more as unrecorded mass burial pits were uncovered during the recent building boom . 
  the famine period was a taboo subject growing up , especially with the troubles however the spectre of the work house loomed large in the older generations memory as they would have heard testimony passed down . 
  then there 's the ghost villages of the period which are being rediscovered and recorded . 
  there is good reason why the country closest to the uk has not had head of state visits in a century . 
  to quote a british mp of the time , `` god sent the blight but the british created the famine '' . 
  ghetto 'd in their own country and they sent to a labour camp . 
  the british governments policies of privation had only one intended purpose , to keep the irish populace at a level of poverty whereby any interruption of their barest means would result in mass starvation . 
  the blight was not confined to ireland but only in ireland under british subjugation did it result in mass starvation . 
  the only difference between you brits and the nazis were the means . 
  rather than food relief you brits gave the starving irish work houses , like nazi labour camps in which many died . 
  they love that loudspeaker shit there . 
  was woken up at 6am in yangon to the same bloody thing outside my hotel . 
  was traveling on an overnight bus and at 4 am the dvd player kicks in with buddhist monks chanting at high volume for two hours . 
  beautiful country and great archaeology though . 
  not a relaxing destination . 
  but suspending it did kick of a war of independence . 
  still waiting for the uk government to officially recognize its genocidal administration of ireland in the 19th cent . 
  at least the germans confront their nazi past . 
  what are you going to do , starve it out of me ? 
  you 're wrong and you 're right . 
  to the invaders there is a border but to us there is no border to irish citizenship on the entire island . 
  do n't tell me you honestly believe that britain ruled ireland for the residents benefit ? 
  should ireland feel grateful for its population being halved in a century while britain boomed ? 
  which part of the good friday agreement do you not understand . 
  northern ireland is free to self determination , which is why it may oppose brexit . 
  homerule had been signed off by the king before is was suspended . 
  there 's no dispute . 
  it was suspended in spite . 
  which part of the republic voting to relinquish its claims on the six counties did you miss ? 
  and besides if they voted to vote to become independent of the uk as is allowed under the good friday agreement would you oppose that ? 
  the 1918 the island of ireland voted by a landslide for the home rule that was suspended by the british government in 1914 . 
  the ulster volunteer force had armed themselves from germany to oppose this democratic will . 
  the british government granted the ulster volunteer terrorists northern ireland against the democratic will of the people of the entire ireland . 
  while the republic withdrew its claim on the six counties by democratic vote for the good friday agreement , all citizens of northern ireland are entitled to citizenship of the republic if they so wish . 
  so essentially all who want to be citizens of the irish republic can , all those who want to remain subjects of their monarch can , or both can claim dual citizenship . 
  your understanding ? 
  read up on the miami show band massacre . 
  northern ireland voted remain . 
  ukip are n't interested in the eu , if they were they would have been campaigning for change in the eu . 
  ukip are a nationalist party whose sole interest is british sovereignty first , like north korea . 
  i 'm sure you find positives in the holocaust too . 
  not english grammar . 
  we speak hiberno english . 
  there 's loads of little things like for example in irish there is n't yes or no so when you ask me `` am you going to the gig '' i 'll say `` i am '' . 
  it was whole until the uk divided it . 
  which part of that do n't you get ? 
  have you lot forgotten that sending in troops = repercussions at home ? 
  plantations were not a natural geographical divider . 
  but its not celebrated .
