  you 're quick to condemn people in a conflict you barely understand . 
  i think it 's a overreaction to say there wo n't be car production in the uk post brexit . 
  there 'll still be demand and profits to be made supplying that demand but the products wo n't be of the same value as what 'll be produced in the larger eu market . 
  toyota for example has factories in thailand for the thai and malay market and the cars are generally a production line that 's no longer used in japan . 
  renault sold a production line to romania during the cold war and they produced the same car for decades , i believe dacia is the direct descendent . 
  the uk just might has a reduced range to chose from but i doubt brexit will end car production . 
   is killing women and children justifiable in the face of a threat from the british ? 
  is british murder of innocent civilians , women and children too justifiable ? 
  we 've only recently heard admissions from british army officers that waterboarding and electrocution were used to force false confessions . 
  we know the british police forces were guilty of forcing confessions too from the birmingham six and guilford four . 
  and unarmed civil rights protestors being shot dead by the british army is n't terrifying ? 
   the answer to this poignant question is that they do n't have to , because we are all so pathetically grateful for their forbearance that we are now willing to hand them control of the region that they have so desolated and profaned . 
  is n't that just a brit wiping his hands of all responsibility for a situation that london created ? 
  he was a product of an environment that i would n't wish on anyone . 
  considering how little has actually changed since last june i 'm surprised it has n't happened much sooner . 
  the brexit ministers seem no more ready than last october when the eu had their brexit team in place . 
  if anything the delay has seen the pro-brexit dup led unionist majority in northern ended and scotland has had enough time to size up a solid brexit response . 
  your version of nationalism is inform by your nation and is not the same everywhere else . 
  so there 's no war in syria and its all just an immigration scam ? 
  thanks for clearing that up donald . 
  rephrase the joke and it might work . 
  irish rail is in ireland and there multiple other eu nations that offer more generous tax concessions , like spain and its football clubs . 
   spain in a badly organized nation of small nations . 
  fair enough . 
  i reckon a europe of regions is the long term reality . 
   catalonia means freedom to me , it means getting back what was ours and leaving behind the shithole that is known as spain . 
  you see while i empathize with the shitty remarks you get it does undermine your case to call other regions as you do above . 
  irish rail is n't profitable . 
  seem to be plenty returning after years in ireland . 
  they tell that while wages are still lower the cost of living is now better at home than here . 
  plenty of irish who married poles are going there for the cheaper cost of living too . 
  was n't napoleanic era responsible for nearly all of the spanish american territories becoming independent ? 
  so has this been informing his mindset all along , use the instability in the region as vehicle for ottoman empire 2 ? 
  seems like a lot of former empires wanting to turn back the clock recently . 
  empires do n't fall , they fade away . 
  yes , a high kick may be sometimes the only appropriate response . 
  money is n't everything . 
  respect is important too . 
  actually ireland is just a few miles off the jersey shore . 
  well st patrick was british so there might be some truth to that . 
  the eu did n't deny the uk its referendum but the tories deny the scots theirs . 
  i think it 's obvious which is the better union . 
   the irish piggybacked on the british empire actually i would saw us irish had little option . 
  penal laws saw 90 % of ireland owned british aristocracy so it 's disingenuous to stat we piggy packed . 
  it 's more like we were indentured . 
  well i 'll raise a pint for you . 
  what 's with your shitting on a fun day ? 
  it was common english folk and not just aristocracy that were paid in confiscated irish land . 
  when all the current brexit shit has passed i reckon a renewed england will happen and it will be better for it . 
  same imperial parliament since the commonwealth government sits in westminster today . 
  you prefer the british type i see . 
  happy st pattys !, 
  awareness of cultural triggers . 
  are you sure you 're a yank ? 
  it 's feckin weird , what next , soggy famine fries ? 
  cheers , i 'll raise a pint on georges day next month . 
  good on you . 
  if georges day ever becomes a carnival thing i 'll toast you in return, 
  buy that man a pint !, 
  glad you clarified that . 
  there was pint poured for you but seeing as you 're not coming i 'll drink it in your honour . 
  it 's to celebrate the emergence out of dark winter although some miserable cunts do n't make the transition . 
  you will be assimilated !, 
   your aristocracy british aristocracy . 
  the last of the irish aristocracy were pushed out in the 17th century . 
  by the end of the 17th cent 90 % of ireland was in british possession . 
  we were the blueprint for all future british colonies !, 
  because we 're everywhere without having invaded anywhere . 
  scotland may have a new national independence holiday in the coming years . 
  brother in law is a taxi driver , two nights he wo n't work are paddy 's and stephens night . 
  the assumption is that a50 will be about the future eu/uk relationship when it really only covers how the uk exits . 
  the eu ca n't change to accommodate an exiting member which is what is being presumed in this article . 
  trade deals can take a decade to negotiate . 
  a50 isnt a trade deal , its a removal whereby the only thing being discussed is what 's feasible to maintain for both sides . 
  freedom of movement is out for the brits so for the eu the four freedoms are out too . 
  liam neeson says he learned a lot from seeing big ian in action when was growing up in ballymena . 
  yes , a one way ticket outta the uk !, 
  an open house was where someone would invite all their neighbours around for songs , drunk and cheer ; collectively known as craic . 
  you do n't have to be irish to be invited . 
  if you ca n't enjoy without thinking about it then you 're missing the point , its not a authenticity test . 
  that 's beautiful stuff too . 
  o'haras stout is class . 
  ireland used to be over 80 % reliant on the uk for trade , now it exports only 14 % to the uk and that 's decreasing annually as eu/eea trade increases . 
  ireland stopped listening to england long ago and it 's obvious that scottish patience is worn out too . 
   it 's not translated wrong , but what it really means is that they will have to wait their turn to negotiate their access to the eu . 
  anyway all sturgeon is asking for now is an independence referendum . 
  there 's plenty in scotland who 'd prefer to have a just norway level association . 
  indyref2 is n't an eu referendum . 
  if england/wales leave the eea which it supposedly will because the eea allows free movement then it makes no difference . 
  it 's interesting how when roughly 10 % of the uk leaving is economic suicide but roughly the same amount leaving the eea is n't !, 
  i think the brexit bubble has popped . 
  actually they could apply for eu membership too . 
  smart move on her behalf . 
  plenty would be happy with a norway type status . 
  well turkey have been in the queue for decades and plenty seemed to have jumped past them . 
  only leavetards would believe eu membership is like taking a ticket at the supermarket . 
  wow , bbc trying to compete with the murdoch mob . 
  well british nationalists seem to be in meltdown since sturgeon made her announcement !, 
  i guess you believe it 's our fault for making you halve irelands population in the previous 6 decades . 
  britannia can do no wrong !,
