  you 're right , we 've reason to fear brexit . 
  if you have an irish granny you might be eligible for a passport !, 
   but a brexit is no longer uncertainty [ actually all the bookies are saying it was more likely last week than now !, 
  ] ( http://www.oddschecker.com/politics/british-politics/eu-referendum/referendum-on-eu-membership-result ), 
  you wo n't see any relevance if you believe the eu exists entirely for the uks benefit . 
  but brussels is where eu member states , including the uk meet to agree on trade !, 
  you ca n't pretend that the uk does n't attend these agreements . 
  direct immediate impact will be the creation of a hard eu/uk border in ireland . 
  the common travel area might survive but that does n't cover customs and labour access . 
  this new border could nullify the cross border institutions established under the good friday agreement leading to a resumption of the troubles which could spread further afield like in the past . 
  i 'd agree that 's it 's too early to call but the bookies odds have been lengthening , especially since boris had his godwin moment !, 
   turkey looking to be 29th member oddly the uk seems to be one of the main cheerleaders for turkish membership !, 
   we joined a fucking customs union . 
  if it makes you feel better we can pretend that you do n't have free travel and charge you visa fees for every eu border you cross . 
   a brexit will likely mean a weakening of the euro against the international currencies , everything will be more expensive , even if only slightly and for a relatively short while . 
  actually it 's been the other way around since the vote was announced with sterling losing 10 % against the $ . 
  it 's clawed back a good bit in the last few days since the odds of brexit happening have diminished . 
   a union is not mandatory for good trading . 
  but trade agreements are and that 's the whole point of the union . 
  it 's not a sovereign state or a democracy , it 's a convergence of democratic states with shared interests . 
  no doubt , but there are now a stronger generational influence , london competes in the football annually . 
  ahem , london won the all-ireland in 1901 . 
  more british teams are welcome to enter it . 
  rugby league ? 
  well that 's a load of bullshit . 
  thanks cunt . 
  we 're also good at city remodeling too . 
  why is australia in it ? 
  the mysteries of life !, 
  plus having passed same sex marriage by referendum the eurovision is n't even a gay beacon anymore !, 
  out eurovision mission is not to win it again . 
  dustin the turkey was too obvious so now we just enter songs so forgettable that they could be reentered year after year and no one would notice !, 
  at least you always win the world series !, 
  [ here 's a spread . 
  ] ( http://www.oddschecker.com/politics/british-politics/eu-referendum/referendum-on-eu-membership-result ) obviously the money is telling them remain has the short odds but we do n't know what the older uk who does n't bet online or visit the bookies is going to do with their vote . 
  germany won recently . 
  when 's the cut off time for registering for brexit ? 
  i guess the biggest unknown is the size of the older voter who does n't bet online or at the bookies but has a vote . 
  all the bookies are still holding at 1/3 for remain . 
  if that 's starts shortening then watch sterling . 
  maybe he 's upset because we care about them all . 
  does he think a gay syrian refugee is less important ? 
  anyone who thinks brexit wo n't have downsides for the irish economy is dreaming but viewed over the long term our uk trade has been reducing since eu membership from over 80 % to under 30 % . 
  we can facilitate the repatriation of uk business who want to trade from within the eu bloc . 
  it happened already in 08/09 but as always import inflation quickly erodes the short term advantage . 
  at this stage sterling depreciations are factored into people spending habits in the south . 
  petrol stations switching sides of the border to chase tax and currency advantages is an old game . 
  either does devaluation . 
   however it is inevitable that some nations will accumulate debt endlessly in the eurozone without a correction mechanism . 
  there is a correction mechanism , higher borrowing costs which is why there 's such a massive spread for greece over its next nearest ez member and the threat of falling out of the ez entirely . 
  if the uk defaults again via currency devaluation then it 's going to be reflected by its borrowing costs . 
  either in or out of the euro the uk still has to compete with the eu . 
  relying on currency default is only ever convenient for short term cyclical domestic politics and leaving the eu entirely wo n't guarantee future competitiveness . 
   this is n't true . 
  vat was at 17.5 % going into the recession ( as it had been for about 20 years previously ) . 
  i stand corrected , it was indeed 17.5 % but dropped to 15 % in 08 . 
  where did i say the euro was anti borrowing ? 
  i said some nations with a memory of using currency devaluation to shrink debt were caught out when they discovered most others in the eurozone did n't share their need and they had n't borrowed beyond their means to repay . 
  as it stands despite the recent imf bailout borrowing costs for ireland are actually lower than for the uk which has a higher rating . 
  that 's because lenders to the uk are factoring in the risk of sterling devaluation . 
  yes , those images were nice but we also had a nun on the # 5 note and our # 1 coin was huge , i was actually very glad when the euro came in . 
  much more manageable . 
  until 1978 the irish punt was linked to british sterling and its notes were produced in the uk . 
  the irish punt then joined the eerm while the uk stayed out . 
  it 's probably at this point that the irish economy started to properly decouple from the uk . 
  if they did n't have money to spend then who was buying the poster !, 
  that depends on an international demand for lira and pesos . 
  maybe because all monitory regimes in ireland have been foreign we just find it easy to use the euro for our own enrichment without any sentimental attachment . 
  a currency devaluation is an attack on savings . 
  powerlessly watching your wealth diminish would put the shits up a lot of people . 
  depends on what rewards you expect . 
  with a devaluing currency your government can promise a 20 % pay hike every month !, 
  a currency devaluation can gain competitive advantage for when a nation goes into recession . 
  the uk pound blew out above 90p / $ in 08/09 , that was a huge move considering it had been trading around 66p in 06/07 . 
  uk exporters got an immediate advantage over the eurozone which softened the effects of the financial crisis . 
  domestically the vat rate was dropped to 17.5 % to help struggling households . 
  remember this was the era when the `` keep calm '' wwii era posters came back into vogue . 
  however such advantages are only ever temporary . 
  import inflation soon spread back into the wider uk economy . 
  now `` kicking the can down the road '' means in this instance uk businesses that got a competitive advantage within the eurozone trade bloc from sterling devaluation now face competition from within the eurozone from companies that had to adjust to the financial crisis without the cushion of a currency devaluation . 
  actually the gbp is at the same price that the irl # entered the euro . 
  if brexit happens you 'll fly past that mark !, 
  to quote your own adam smith , the sole use of money is to circulate consumable goods . 
  devaluing sterling may have eased things for the uk in 08/09 but that has only kicked the can down the road . 
  but if your business is in charging commission for changing currencies then you 're going to want the euro to fail !, 
  two years is enough time for businesses who see their future in the eu to at least relocate their head of operations from the uk . 
  of course not knowing what the terms will be make all this speculative but one thing for sure the uk will not be rewarded by the eu for leaving . 
  greece may still drop out of the eurozone because of domestic political pressures rather than anything to do with currency . 
  they 'd still be faced with the same bloated spending obligations even after they 've deflated a reintroduced drachma . 
  the euro is a tool of trade , nothing more . 
  to quote adam smith `` the sole use of money is to circulate consumable goods . '', 
  the euro is about price stability . 
  it in itself is not a growth driver although easier interzone trade is a direct benefit of its introduction . 
  the fact that ireland and other countries pursued wreckless debt binges on the assumption that debt could be devalued with the currency as it had in pre-euro times is not the fault of the currency itself . 
  we know in ireland where the fault with our financial crisis truly lay and it 's only the most delusional who overlook local bad planning and non regulation of the banking sector . 
  even today the man who drove anglo irish bank into the ground still has n't faced trial , even after it 's documented fact that he 'd been using borrowing from other banks to cover up holes at audit . 
  that 's brilliant , bravo sir !, 
  you should protest the pedant parades coming up in ulster around the 12 of july !, 
  you paying ? 
  you forget the last australian prison colonies were established as late as the 1850s .
