  well they obviously are n't getting enough gbps . 
  i think knowing what the uk wants to retain of its eu relationship is a foremost concern . 
  for example the uk has been warned by the rating agencies that it there is n't freedom of trade retained with the eu then the gbp will be downgraded from world reserve status . 
  does n't it depend on what the uk wishes to retain access to beyond a transition period ? 
  jaysus , seems to be plenty of iphones and macbooks everywhere i look . 
  the greeks and romans recognise hibernia and britannia as distinct islands . 
  british isles is a term for the complete annexation of ireland and attempted extirpation of all gaelic culture . 
   it is a geographical term . 
  a british imperial geographical term . 
  as britain is supposedly post empire the term `` these isles '' replaced the term british isles in all anglo-irish relations . 
  apple leave europe ? 
  the day apple stops selling in europe is the day it 's gone bust , that 's why i said it . 
   can you find any sources where iceland is referred to as part of the same group as the british and irish isles ? 
  british isles is n't a geological or geographical term . 
  geographically and geologically ireland , britain and iceland are eurasian islands , unless of course you do n't recognise the eurasian geological plate . 
  well ireland is not going to bail out an american multinational if it gets into trouble . 
  it 's not a geographic term is iceland is n't included . 
  british isles is a british term relating to its empire days when ireland was its first colony . 
  no one in ireland except descendents of the british plantations that made irish land british uses the term . 
  politically in modern anglo-irish relations the terms has been replaced by the term `` these isles '' when referring to the distinct entities of britain and ireland . 
  geologically iceland does sit on the same european plate as britain and ireland so it is part of the same north european island group . 
  since it 's first mapping by the greeks and romans ireland was always topographically distinct from britain as a north european isle . 
  the term british isles goes back to the british conquest of ireland where the irish were disowned of their title . 
  that 's why today in northern ireland people descended from the plantations that evicted the irish off their own land identify as british only whereas their neighbour could identify as irish only . 
  in the good friday agreement that finally ended the anglo-irish war the political term british isles was replaced by `` these isles '' . 
  that does beg the question of apples long term viability if it relies on tax loopholes to return shareholder value . 
  cork has other multinationals and as ireland never industrialized it is n't burdened with propping up failed giants as like happens elsewhere . 
  however having said it did try to bail out its domestic bank sector which bankrupted the nation . 
  no , ireland is part of a island group off northern europe that includes britain , iceland and ireland but neither iceland or ireland are british . 
  british people like in britain . 
  moved to uk just after the vote and the entire media seemed too split to be of any real use so i bought an irish times subscription which is actually a lot clearer and balanced on uk politics than anything in uk . 
  they 'll use sources from sides . 
  its coverage on europe could be better but it seems that a problem throughout the eu . 
  well outside of the british isles but in europe you have got ireland which is on the front line of brexit and publishes in english . 
  in reality various loopholes less corp tax can paid in france . 
  ireland tax rate is flat and transparent . 
  how apple interprets its eu tax liabilities is a matter for the entire eu to address but ireland 12 % is not the issue . 
  if it were 40 % apple would still collapsing its liabilities through inter eu state loopholes . 
  ireland is not problem , we as a bloc can find a solution whereby non-eu multinationals pay taxes to each state they sell in . 
  hang , does this mean the anglosphere media is moving from europestan ? 
  you can go that far if you but one london barrister took a case about the reversing a50 through the irish courts but dropped the case as it became obviously clear that the entire treaty wording would have to be rewritten and approved by constitutional referendum by the irish electorate . 
  any eu citizen can take a backsliding government to the ecj to make them live up to their treaty commitments . 
  they can revoke all they want but they have no power to force the eu27 to ignore treaty law . 
  i agree , the ranking thing is just jingoism . 
  how often have you heard the uk being the 5th biggest economy being trotted out by brexiters as some sort of leverage defense when in reality on ppp terms the uk is way down the list . 
  globally there 's no dispute of britains influence but within europe it 's involvement was only ever to protect its maritime empire elsewhere . 
  ah no , there 's many more states that have a great influence on europe since britain turned towards the seas . 
  what an inflated opinion of your own importance . 
  just had another idea , a bucking bronco machine just like king billys white horse . 
  well at least i would have known the difference regarding the cromwells . 
  obviously the latter cromwell had so huge a direct impact on irish society that the other cromwell was inconsequential in comparison . 
  thanks . 
  my knowledge of portugal is really bad although i intend to rectify that next month on a trip there . 
  are you snidely intimating that there was no william of orange ever involved in irish history ? 
  whoops . 
  i 'm really surprised by salazar for portugal , is he really that well liked in retrospect ? 
   the program later revealed that william of orange had received the most votes in the event of a united ireland , could the netherland take home their fervent william of orange fans from northern ireland ? 
  problem solved . 
  in the event of vote that ends partition , unionists are to be given their own king billy theme park which will boost a reconstruction of the march route between the portadown orange order lodge and drumcree church with paid extras playing cowering nationalist residents . 
  also there 'll a fireproof gas fueled retorchable bonfire that can be lit on demand and also a psni obstacle course for those members of the unionist community who are n't yet claiming disability benefit . 
  they 'll have their own bbc ( brave billy communications ) broadcasting fake news bulletins about the crumbling papist eu and the glorious reunification of the white bits of the british empire . 
  of course in the theme park they 'll be able to change papist euros for king billy pounds , shillings and pence . 
   not really . 
  i think they are hoping to get a `` blue card '' or whatever it 's called . 
  the right to stay and work permanently within the eu . 
  no , the non-eu student ties them to the republic , they actually need to have the correct tourist visa to transit across northern ireland for instance . 
  it often happens that travelers with student visas for ireland get turned back when transiting via london airports . 
  well i certainly feel european but i do travel and work around a lot but if you 're stuck in a job in ballybackwards then general discontent is understandable . 
  if only everyone conformed with your world view . 
  you never completely left . 
  who made you king of british lick arses ? 
  i thought you were been sarcastic offering ed sheeran as an affinity marker . 
  it felt more like revenge for sending you louis walsh . 
  ed sheeran would go full raggie if he thought he get away with it . 
  that slock may fool the second generations elsewhere but his galway is a travesty to music and a further insult to anglo-irish relations . 
  then again we 're used to that horseshit from the yanks with their `` luck of the irish '' , `` my cousin is an o'flarterty from galway , do you know her ? '', 
  and `` tis great to finally be home in eyerland '' . 
  fuck off that shit . 
  ed sheeran = vomit, 
  i did n't bring nazis into this thread , that was someone with an english flair . 
  if you do n't like sticking up for irelands interest then you should probably use another flair . 
  when i heard the news i rolled over and slept to the second alarm . 
  we 'd been warning them about the threat to the gfa for months before the vote and they ignored us so it was pointless getting worked up . 
  that 's been the brexiters mantra !, 
  yes , i supposed we should n't have allowed down british pilots to walk back to their fascist regime . 
  we in ireland were the least surprised , for us brexit is britain returning to a long term norm . 
  in northern ireland it 's called sectarianism . 
   they just `` close the borders '' to the eu !, 
  what then ? 
  what sanctions can you impose then ? 
  well if they shutter themselves nothing you do is punishment . 
  that 's declared salaries . 
  i suspect real income is higher . 
  i guess you 've never lived in a small town . 
  eventually desperation makes bedfellows of the most unlikely . 
  skoda is but i 'm not sure as to the overall control vw has in audi but it 's probably majority . 
  the point is that as with the vw stable , the whole german auto industry is one also one stable , working together to compete against everyone . 
  more likely you 'll be related to half of them . 
  back when the audi a4 , the skoda octavia and the vw passat came out , it was obvious they were all working together . 
  even if it happened there is n't support in the eu giving the uk yet another treaty opt-out .
