  it forced the act of union . 
  should that be coke is found to be shit for you ? 
  the united irishmen of 1798 were mostly presbyterians from belfast . 
  would n't it be practical though to have an overarching website that will bring you to the deal from any of their eu sites that will ship to your address ? 
  so the state of the uk 's media is the responsibility of people in other eu countrys ? 
  i wonder if that movie man bites dog was based on those brabant killers ? 
  i know . 
  a lot of that stuff was before the 24 news cycle . 
  well the so called troubles were an internal uk war and rarely spilled into the irish republic expect for the dublin and monaghan bombing and are probably counted in the grey bar . 
  only by consent . 
  got any examples ? 
  i do n't see the point , the only thing war decides is who 's left . 
  depends on where you 're standing . 
  in the republic many viewed it as a continuation of the british divide and conquer policy . 
  in britain it could be presented as an entirely religious conflict to distract from the societal injustices that westminster created . 
  yes . 
  i 'm not talking about the current arrangement . 
  i 'm talking about westminster signing off on the peace process against the will of the dup . 
  they knew they were used to defend british economic interests when it suited and now they were being betrayed now that ulster was a liability . 
  in ulster waterboarding and electrocution was used too . 
  what i said was loyalists killed more civilians . 
   they could have called it `` irish-british conflict '' to be ultra-neutral it was n't a british irish conflict , what about all those loyal uvf killers who called themselves irish whilst killing for the uk ? 
   yes , i do think that there is such a thing as a justifiable war war happens when the risk of not going to war is greater than the risk of war itself . 
  apply where you see fit . 
  it was an internal uk civil war . 
  looking for reason in that is like handing out speeding tickets at a formula 1 race !, 
  what was absurd was a calling an internal uk civil war such a piffling trivial title like `` the troubles '' . 
  they made it sound like some sort of miasma in another room . 
  westminster partitioned ireland when ulster was an economic asset and then wiped its hands of it when it became a post industrial liability . 
  the war erupted from neglect and the tories now realise that the same divide and conquer routine that they always used abroad in the past has finally arrived home in england and they are terrified . 
   do excuse me if i 've read more into your reply than you unintended , but are you saying that you feel the bombing of civilians was justifiable on that basis ? 
  if you believe there 's a justifiable war then you do n't need any answers from me . 
   right , but presumably you acknowledge that the bombing of civilians in pubs , in guildford , that led to many deaths and more injuries was a bad thing that is simply not justifiable . . ? 
  can you justify the injustices that led to this civil war ? 
  it was an internal uk conflict , instigated by sectarian tension which were created by the westminster government . 
  the biggest lie is the name . 
  some day people in britain will realise that what was branded as `` the troubles '' was actually an internal uk war . 
  what 's always overlooked is that the troops were put on the streets to protect a minority of uk civilians who were being burned out of their homes and at the mercy of an artificial illegitimate sectarian enclave . 
  the british sponsored sectarian violence affected many hundreds of thousands more . 
  the same type of uk injustice that jailed four innocent men created the troubles . 
  the troubles were called that because to call it the civil war it was on the streets of the uk was just too much for society to accept . 
  in fairness the daily mail has probably with its brexit crusade inflicted upon the uk an economic catastrophe many times greater than anything the ira could . 
  and the british government . 
  see the savile enquiry . 
  the guilford bombing pictured on the right led to the gross miscarriage of justice more commonly known as the guilford four . 
  actually if you want to get into a headcount war it was actually your loyalist paramilitaries who killed the most civilians by a long mile , including the dublin and monaghan bombings . 
  the bombing led to the jailing of four innocent men in a rush for justice where confessions were forced . 
  other reports suggests the driver and knife wielder were the same person . 
   the shooter was an asian he had a gun ? 
  reports seem to suggest he was armed only with a knife . 
  it 's the police that did the shooting . 
  oh trump is going to all over this . 
  an eu is far more lucrative deal for usa airlines than a smaller detached uk with uncertain arrangements with the massive market on its doorstep . 
  the eu can tear the uk a new asshole on this and dictate what scraps the uk can have on a new eu-usa open skies deal . 
  both easyjet and ryanair have been very open about starting their contingency plans to protect themselves . 
  this whole leaks thing is uk media bollix . 
  what the uk media call leaks has been public knowledge in the eu since the brexit vote . 
  i would n't call it a trade war , the eu is n't changing . 
  it 's the uk that 's turning a gun on itself . 
  ryanair has already stated after brexit that they were n't committing new planes to uk bases . 
  they know the whole legal regime will be up in the air . 
  why would the eu pass up a chance to take business from the uk ? 
  it 's not in the eus interest to facilitate the uk as the uk does n't want to be an eu member . 
  this is an account be closed out so there needs to be a totting up to extinguish rolling liabilities . 
  what 's overlooked repeatedly in britain is that the troubles were an internal uk conflict and if the potential for more trouble from british nationalism is actually on the rise presently . 
  right now i wish i were by a pub window in sneem or some other windswept atlantic coast town sipping a pint of guinness while watching the always changing vista of ocean , cloud and mountain . 
  heaven is on earth . 
  it was on a thread recently to explain the high greek marriage rate . 
  i 'm sure someone from greece can confirm . 
  its shit weather in ireland most of the time so no surprise there . 
  yeah all those expats in the uk paying tax to support british immigrants in spain . 
  communism parties are pretty common but paramilitary activity is n't confined to them . 
  in fact many eu states could be defined as practising welfare capitalism . 
  it costs 2-3 .000 euros to register a birth outside of marriage in greece . 
  would you prefer your army be allowed to shoot unarmed uk civilians indiscriminately , because if that what you defend then that 's what you might get . 
  especially if more british nationalist terrorism increases . 
   `` what about the families of the british army in ireland ? '', 
  what do you mean british army in ireland ? 
  you do understand that the republic is n't part of the uk , right ? 
   you 're sick . 
  i 'm sick for saying ...  he was a product of an environment that i would n't wish on anyone . 
  i think you need to take a good look in the mirror . 
  well do n't condemn those who british terrorism created . 
  we 've got a peace process . 
  do n't fuck with it . 
  state terrorism created the situation . 
   we do put soldiers who do extrajudicial kills on trial . 
  we sentenced quite a few . 
  did you ? 
  if you anything about the conflict then you 'd know about the paras in portlaoise prison . 
  there really is n't any point discussing this any further . 
  if you have no more than a passing interest in what goes on on the island of ireland then it 's best for the peace process that you butt out . 
  if you 're so aware then why did you say this ? 
   did ireland put any ira bastards on trial ? 
  we 're still awaiting closure for the dublin and monaghan bombings which there 's plenty of evidence to support official british government collusion . 
  well if you want to get down to it it was the uvf who brought the gun into irish politics in 1913 . 
  it was terrible conflict that i think people in britain were being shielded from and understood little of . 
  i remember the bbc banning the video for [ invisible sun by the police ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vudjj9kixm ) , looking at it now it just shows how in denial they were about conditions in an internal part of the uk . 
   did ireland put any ira bastards on trial ? 
  the troubles were an internal uk conflict and beyond the republics jurisdiction .
