  at this stage everyone outside the eu wants this vote to go ahead . 
  if he loses he said he 'd resign ( although he 'd probably find some emotive reason to soldier on for his beloved country ) but if he wins then greece walks away from the table and out of the eu . 
  so it 's a win win really . 
  i have a brother works for an european aid agency in africa and he does n't pay tax as an expat . 
  it 's actually very common . 
  when a borrower offers no collateral a creditor needs some oversight of their investment . 
  greece does n't want oversight and that 's their right and lenders are equally within their rights to not lend to greece . 
  only a moron would continue to lend to a repeat defaulter without oversight . 
  ireland has a flat low corporate tax rate of 12 % whereas other eu countries through various loopholes they can pay a lot less . 
  did n't germany already offer to lend tax advisors but the greeks said no ? 
  seeing as the greeks got troika changed to `` institutions '' they probably want empire changed to `` free travel area '' . 
  what did they deal with and link please . 
  i reckon if greece holds a high moralistic stance long enough everyone will just crumble and kneel , humbled in the brilliance of greek righteousness . 
  brilliant . 
  what do they produce . 
  in lidl last there was a greek week special and all the produce while in theme and ingredients were made in germany . 
  when other countries are better at been you then it 's time to wonder wtf happened ? 
  says more about greece really . 
  the eu offered to help strengthen the tax regime but greece refused the offer . 
  he 's played a blinder . 
  fianna fail are thinking of poaching him . 
  it 's their democratic desire . 
  no , this is greece , not europe . 
  keep the change . 
  selling islands ? 
  i like american accents but i hate the loud individuals who seem not to think before they speak . 
  public bank ? 
  what are you talking about . 
  give me an example of what you call a public bank ? 
  what 's this got to do the alternative debit facility ? 
  i feel this is pointless . 
  some people have no interest in the machinations of the financial world , they have no interest in interest !, 
  some people if given the option would prefer to avoid banks entirely . 
  i understand , that does n't do anything for you , i get it , you do n't see a use for such a product for yourself . 
  you 've convinced me , i do n't doubt you , never did . 
  and one thing is for sure if you were my financial advisor i 'd definitely just stick to the zero interest debit card !, 
  are you telling me that greece was correctly rated in the past ? 
  was n't greece rated wrongly ? 
  a no means tsipras stays on , a yes means he goes . 
   there is no comparison between a obviously risky bailout of a country in severe economic peril and diversified investment in national bonds that have good credit ratings . 
  subprime aaa rating ? 
  look i 'm not trying to convince you of anything . 
  there 's this debit utility being developed that gives citizen an option to avoid using banks . 
  if you have a problem with that being developed then i ca n't help you . 
   why would you conflate investing guaranteed depositor funds in diversified national bonds to an obviously risky , not guaranteed bailout of another country ? 
  ... yet is happened !, 
  look it feels like you 're selling your own book . 
  there 's a cash utility alternative to existing banking in development . 
  as someone said the greatest financial innovation of the last 40 years has been the atm . 
  well plenty of tax payer money has been lent to greece and it 's looking increasingly likely that that wo n't be coming back !, 
  what you get on the government bond dividend can be taxed back off you to cover a grexit . 
  this utilitarian debit account is not for everyone but it does allow people not to have to deal with banks and the associated risks . 
  if that 's not your thing then we 're done here . 
  governments are n't debit accounts , you pledge your savings over an agreed period , 10yr , 5yrs etc. 
  and early withdrawal means you lose the interest . 
  these debit accounts are purely utilitarian , if you ca n't handle your cash not yielding anything then they 're not for you . 
  where you may find the account useful is for moving around europe , not all banks are in every country whereas this scheme would be eu wide . 
  greece would storm out of it !, 
  if you lent spare money to your friend and he said he 'd pay you tomorrow and then the next day he says he 'll pay you tomorrow , etc. 
  eventually you say `` listen i need my money back today , tomorrow 's no good , i got ta go to the dentist to fix this toothache that 's killing me '' but he says `` no can do '' he 's defaulted on you . 
  aside from the painful toothache how does his default make you feel ? 
  english is increasingly the working language . 
  i have read before that the many different dialects and languages of china is a major problem for a lot basic administration . 
  generally the tradition was that the language of the ruler would become the language of the court but once a different ruler rises their language supplants the former . 
  thousands of years of this and you get an general intransigence towards the current court language and regional languages persist . 
  mao has made a huge difference but there is still the suspicion that another language will usurp mao 's court mandarin , perhaps even english !, 
  it does n't pay interest because it 's not a bank . 
  bank pays interest to attract deposits , they then use these deposits make loans . 
  for example a bank will pay 1 % on a deposit but charge 3 % on a loan . 
  they pay that 1 % to you and the 2 % is their profit . 
  that 's their business model , they 're not a charity or social welfare . 
  the eu debit account will not pay depositors because it is not a bank !, 
  if you want your deposit to bare interest you 'll have to give it to a lending bank , however if the banks loans fail you 'll have to rely on a government deposit guarantee . 
  the whole point of introducing this debit acc is that citizens have a risk free alternative to using vital financial services and payments etc without needing private banking . 
  once implemented governments can reduce the taxpayers exposer to the risks of private banking by reducing the guarantee limit . 
  this puts the risk back on the depositor chasing their deposit yield and reduces the risk to general taxpayer . 
   dude , i 'm basque . 
  whatever they might have is probably not unknown to me =p i 'm trying to understand your linking of greece 's current predicament with the 40 years of dirty war in the basque country . 
  by the way i grew up with political violence to the fore of irish life but it 's not the kind of societal anarchy i was suggesting may happen after greece had been drachma 'd . 
  i 'm talking about wide scale civil disruption that affects the whole society and not just certain sectors . 
   there is no need for anyone else 's money to be involved that thought is the mind of many an european taxpayer . 
  greece can play with its own cash , so can the uk without needing others . 
  well they could form a working group to consider this application from a non eu member for cash . 
  it can take a place in the eu foreign development funds . 
  being occupied by the soviet union has n't stopped many eu overtaking greece since they joined . 
  why has greece stagnated so much ? 
  plus the demographic is more middle aged than angry frustrated youth . 
  however ranking 69th in corruption , well behind the eu is n't a confidence booster . 
  i think it 's due in 2018 . 
  it wo n't pay interest so you 'd have to go to a private bank or credit union if you want a dividend . 
  there used to be a guarantee of $ 33,000 on irish deposits before the bank crash , eventually it was extended to the whole entity . 
  once the banks were nationalised all dividends and profits go to the state to reimburse the taxpayer . 
  there is a plan to create a simple deposit account with debit cards for each eu citizen as an option to private banking . 
  has the basque country experienced a cash run in your lifetime ? 
  nations can become reliant on devaluation as a political tool . 
  when greece leaves the eu they 'll be using euro 's as a hard currency anyway for imports . 
  greece wo n't be able to print euros so drachma will be the only currency of government payment . 
  they can only `` helicopter '' with drachma . 
  getting euro 's will depend on how much greece can earn on exports . 
  syriza are doing a pretty good job of trashing the place .
