  then they have victory marches through irish communities in the uk to celebrate a victory from hundreds of years before and you tell me i 've got the problem . 
  your british nationalists are the problem . 
  you 're in denial . 
  immigration and refuge are two different things . 
  do you understand that ? 
  good potential for another english civil war !, 
  asylum does not require conferring citizenship . 
  do you realize that ? 
  but it 's your nation that has ruled using and fostering ethnic hate . 
  what you think kat means in this [ photo ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/polopoly_fs/1.1864186.1405159721!/image/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/box_620_330/image.jpg ) ? 
  how can you be so blind to this on your own streets ? 
  your nation has never asked for opinion before applying it . 
  what has belief got to do with your structure of state ? 
  your head of state is also the head of a religion . 
  are you calling your nation backwards shit ? 
  you were suppose to read that in a donald accent . 
  he left out `` losers '' at the end though . 
  so you 're cool with sectarianism ? 
  are you british ? 
  the brits denied irish rights to own their own land to grow their own crops , hence the over reliance on the potato . 
  this process of british disenfranchisement of the irish native population accelerated under the penal laws . 
  the blight did affect europe but only in ireland because of the depraved british rule did it result in mass starvation . 
  i 've enjoyed a few flat whites while looking upon this statue in sydney . 
  it reminded me of visiting a park outside budapest where all the soviet era statues were removed to . 
  ireland still functioned as ireland ? 
  it functioned under direct rule of westminster , a rule that had the created and nurtured the conditions for genocide by mass starvation . 
  there was enough food on the island so there should n't have been mass starvation . 
  however the brits through policies of privation kept the native population in a persistent state of near starvation . 
  they even had more troops garrisoned in ireland to protect food exports than they had in india !, 
  british governed ireland directly from westminster so they can not blame anyone else for the genocide . 
  that 's all nonsense . 
  the uk were co-authors of the treaties and even got exemptions . 
  what this really is about is bendy bananas . 
  you prefer alternative facts ? 
  it 's a british thing . 
  a brits working in spain are called expats but they call spainish working in the uk immigrants . 
  but genocide deniers are cunts . 
  part of turkey is in europe . 
  in fairness , trump seems to be a socially unifying force across europe . 
  are you asking me to forget ignore our common history ? 
  and i supposed it 's the occupied nations fault that britain invaded them !, 
  i suppose you call the starvation of ireland christian charity . 
  the rcc that britain established in the 19th century and that was complicit in the genocide . 
  naw , you can have your subcontractor back . 
  disassociating yourself now . 
  slippery fucker . 
  wow , explain peoples own history to them and they think you hate them . 
  are you saying there 's no such thing as a scottish english and welsh nation ? 
  plenty seem happy to disown it when it suits them too . 
  what difference did it make to us , you brits were worse nazis . 
  at least germany acknowledges its genocidal past . 
  at least they did n't halve europe 's population like you brits did in ireland . 
  hate ? 
  i have zero problem with an english person being happy being english . 
  however there seems to be loads of people who think that all residents of northern ireland are british , whether they want to be or not . 
  do n't have to . 
  the brits already acknowledged they 're terrorists . 
  read the saville report . 
   i have no problem with people not wanting to be british as long as they are the majority . 
  which they are n't in northern ireland . 
  really ? 
  well why was n't home rule upheld instead of creating an apartheid state of northern ireland ? 
  you really do n't like people not wanting to be british . 
  yeah i know . 
  bananas . 
  brilliant !, 
  i 'm glad you see the british army were terrorists . 
  youre the one arming dodgy regimes . 
  you saying its not important ? 
  you wouldnt know it by their poppy fascism . 
  what brits consistently overlook is that their army shot civilians on uk streets . 
  they ca n't grasp that this was a uk problem . 
  brits can be extremely ignorant of their own history and nation . 
  i even had to explain to an english university student that northern ireland was part of the uk !, 
  building bridges while at the time spurning europe . 
  reverse auction . 
  start low , finish high . 
  the cheapest fares exist because of the highest fares !, 
  last minute ? 
  well the brits have been doing that since their civil war . 
  well the german was right when he told the american that if they wanted people to buy fewer german cars then america should build better cars . 
  you mean on eachother ? 
  the anglo-american alliance does n't like that everyone else has caught up with them but that does n't mean we all have to sit around twiddling our thumbs waiting for them to get their shit together . 
  you 're not alive to the risks . 
  born in the late sixties . 
  lived in belfast before the gfa . 
  what 's your story ? 
  if the uk wants continuance of free movement on the island of ireland it will have to accept eu freedom of movement . 
  the cta has nothing to do with customs and immigration . 
  the right to reside in eachothers nations are separate pieces of domestic legislation . 
  i am fuming because too many in britain , including the drafter of the white paper seem to think the cta is somehow a reciprocal agreement while completely overlooking the reality that even under wto rules there would have to be a hard customs border . 
  it 's does n't really . 
  eu/eea citizens will have free access to our eu job market whilst brits will have secondary access like all non-eu applicants . 
  any brits i know in ireland who were eligible started their irish citizenship applications in the weeks after the vote . 
  they warned me that their fellow country folk were crazy and that it was going to get really messy . 
  i 've noticed the prices creeping up in uk shops . 
   we could move the border to the mainland ? 
  besides , it does n't really matter if we have free trade still . 
  if you have free trade then you 'll have freedom of movement . 
  if brits do n't like it then they should n't try to excuse it .
