  munich is rich though . 
  when i last visited germany i was surprised in that there probably more new mercs , bmws etc driving the back roads of ireland than the boulevards of berlin . 
  really ? 
  if its defeated then no change in italy . 
  the next government with face the same veto blocking of the two chamber system . 
  not much of irish freight is rail bound anymore . 
  it was one of my first thoughts on brexit for irish freight , bypass the uk entirely . 
  if the uk drops out of the customs union then irish freight is going to be caught up with british freight at the channel waiting to clear the paperwork and i ca n't see the brits creating a siding just for bonded irish eu freight . 
  far better to just invest in more freight shipping directly from ireland to the eu ports . 
   shock horror , the second largest economy in the eu third now . 
  it may for scheduled medical stuff but emergency services are accessed by all e111 cards . 
   ... ... it depends on how big the colony is . 
  ah yes , the colonial attitude never died . 
   what happens when no one has any economic value and only costs the ruling elite money to keep around ? 
  society has constantly redefined value , for example during the industrial revolution the six day week was normal and kids got education until they were 12 , if at all . 
  society changes with its needs . 
  it 's like the blah blah blah scene from [ `` five go mad in dorset '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptlag1_gqzq ), 
  yes they could but then how would they trade in the eu ? 
  they have to have a base in the eu to trade in the eu . 
  tax havens are for people to park cash they are n't using or need to invest . 
  ireland is not a tax haven . 
  where else in the eu will they go to if they 're being bound to a pan-eu ruling ? 
  it may not be obvious from within ireland but companies like google are still not taken seriously in large industrialized nations , in fact being the only eu nation of the original 15 that never did industrialization we were the earlier adaptors to other sectors like computers . 
  the brits took an interest in computer programming in schools in the 80s but then lost interest . 
  ireland kept on it and when the low corporation tax was introduced we were laughed at as they all thought no big company would move to such a structurally underdeveloped nation as ireland . 
  places like taiwan had been our model of small scale specialist industrial development in the late 70s and early 80s but the new digital revolution superseded that . 
  in northern ireland the traditional heavy industrial jobs are disappearing , these were usually the preserve of the protestant working class . 
  the nationalist had to specialize and strive more in education to the point where they out perform the other community . 
  it was economics that drove partition , it was will economics that will drive reunification . 
  well the good news on the multinational tax is that once we 've clarification from the eu courts , which could take a few years , then we 'll be netting the full tax eu liabilities of these companies . 
  the loyalist threat is pretty toothless without british armed forces as a backstop . 
  it 's their endgame and the most militant will follow johnny adair across the water to the motherland where they 'll still end being called mick or paddy . 
  it could lead to a united ireland so it would n't be all bad . 
  i think the term liberal reverses meaning when it crosses the atlantic . 
  are you joking , britain leaving is the greatest news for europhiles !, 
  the uk has always treated the eu with contempt , pretending it did n't is silly . 
  i said , did you put the cat out ? 
  wait till they 're gone from the eu entirely , then we 're writing the regional geographical references !, 
  wow . 
  i sense your frustration . 
  but just so you know that well the eu is n't all the same , there 's as many variations as there are members . 
  who knows , maybe someday you might have the chance to experience its variety . 
  peace . 
  stay safe and sane . 
  do n't live in dublin but cork is a hole so not surprised . 
  look , some kids are happy to take on the student debt of # 9,000 a year , plus expenses to study in the uk , that 's their choice . 
  whether it actually makes people skip college is another question , i do n't know . 
  but the option for cheaper or zero fees is available with the added incentive of established residency in an eu/eea job market of half a billion rather than just the uk in a post brexit scenario . 
  well the babyboomers make the older vote greater than normal . 
  back up . 
  the other members of the union have zero say in how the uk charges fees , that 's a uk decision . 
  other members choose to not apply fees and some apply fees and provide subsidies for those who qualify . 
  if someone from denmark wants to pay fees to attend a uk university then that 's their choice , even though they could get the same qualification without fees in their own nation . 
  why are n't you mad at the uk for making education , which is a social necessity , a corporate money grabbing enterprise ? 
  you wo n't be laughing when the teargas turns up . 
  empire is coming home . 
  how is the eu being a shitty neighbour by providing young uk students the opportunity to be qualified without student debt ? 
  damn right i have a point . 
  the uk is a like titanic and the nhs are the life boats and increasingly there are fewer life boats but those on top are already sorted . 
  by being as eu citizen a brit can go to university in any other eu nation and not pay international fees . 
  there a lot of courses taught through english in the eu and many are fee free . 
  check eunicas.co.uk for details . 
  why would i stop the uk buggering itself ? 
  fine . 
  i think they 're shit . 
  what about atmosphere ? 
  but legally we do n't have to do a damn thing , we 're considered not-foreign for the purposes of uk law . 
  pokies in pubs , come on . 
  its shit . 
  i live occasionally in the uk but i 'll never integrate , the class system bullshit and pokie machines in pubs are repulsive . 
  well the daily express readers believe it 's merely a flick of a switch and the uk is suddenly in elysium . 
  i bags the bingo caller job . 
  gandhi thought the usa was a good idea too . 
  yip , it 's happening alright . 
  just make sure you do a good reconnoiter to where your job might be . 
  rents in dublin have gone nuts right now but other places outside the capital are n't so bad . 
  id imagine there 's probably a good few more motivated to access free university fees in the eu before they lose the right . 
  people achieve stoicism , still plenty time yet . 
  is this all russian national service ? 
  my question is will these young brits who do go abroad carry on the proud british tradition of calling themselves expats and everyone else who moves countries for work immigrants ? 
  well best of luck with the move . 
  i have a few polish friends who have been in ireland for a decade and they 've recently made the move back . 
  those with kids seem to be staying on . 
  rent alone made me avoid dublin when i moved back to ireland last year . 
  drop into arlene 's office and let her know your mind . 
  reunification is an open option under the good friday agreement so he 's justified in discussing the possible event and its ramifications . 
  yeah but you might n't appreciate how pissed off the brits are about what happened toblerone . 
  you mean the eastern european healthcare workers will get paid for the jobs you ca n't provide enough workers for yourself ? 
  nah , they know they do n't have the british army as a backstop like they had before . 
  london ai n't going to let itself get dragged back into the conflict . 
  london knows the average brexiteer does n't want an eu border and brexit might be the opportunity to dump ni . 
  it will be interesting to see how funding cuts affect ni next year . 
  you 'll still get called mick or paddy in britain . 
  actually ni is the only place where gay marriage is n't allowed in the irish isles . 
  you probably do n't appreciate the importance of it being said by a fine gael leader . 
  the two traditional parties of government have been split on the issue up until the good friday agreement , fine gael defending the treaty and fianna fail the traditional 32 county ireland party . 
  now the entire political spectrum is alive to the possibility of a ui and they are rightly discussing it in cross party and cross border forums . 
  it does n't want free access to the market ? 
  well that 's that sorted so . 
  one person targeted when multiple targets available .
