  it feels like the forecasts are n't wrong , only it 's taking longer than expected . 
  catholicism was tolerated in britain since rome accepted the hanoverian succession , the stormont government pretty much nullified that . 
  do n't forget there is such a thing as an irish republican protestant , like our first president . 
  i agree they started that way but once rewarded with their own apartheid state they became religiously radical , redesigning the statelet 's democracy to suit themselves and carrying out pogroms on the minority catholics . 
  [ unionist claiming they 'd sink economically is not separated . 
  ] ( http://media.liveauctiongroup.net/i/15094/15272674_1.jpg?v=8cfb8021182f610 ) of course those profiting from ulster were happy to let a segregationist enclave develop , ironic that it ended up being more a liability in the long run . 
  that 's the price of inequality . 
  fine , but ireland does n't share the uk affinity for the commonwealth countries , ireland 's not even in it . 
  it is said that the hardest thing to do in life is to watch other people make mistakes and say nothing . 
  you may have a point . 
   the only way to get absolute control , sure . 
  but they 'll say `` well , we 're willing to accept that hit -- after all , we 're only having to deal with eu citizens anyway , since the roi already filters out everyone else '' . 
  the uk and ireland have different immigration regimes with non-eu nations as it is . 
  for instance many a third party citizen has been stopped transiting through london airports even though they had a valid residency visa for ireland . 
  drinking water is respected in both nations but so what ? 
  i took this from one of your links which verifies that the cta is not legally binding . 
   the common travel area has been in operation since the 1920s but is not specifically provided for in legislation . 
  the cta is feck all good if there 's no legal way to ensure both sides uphold it , especially between two parities that operate separate immigration regimes . 
   it has legal recognition within the laws that concern it and therefor can continue after the uk leaves the eu . 
  as long as both parties respect it there is no reason why it should end . 
  can you link me the applicable agreement between the parities involved and the domestic acts of law that that ratify it in each jurisdiction . 
  btw , recognition in eu treaties is not relevant . 
  you 're not understanding the situation . 
  every non domestic flight landing in ireland regardless of which zone they originate in goes through passport control . 
  this wo n't change if ireland joined schengen and the uk moved the cta back to britain like during the war and the decade after . 
  on the eu border with the uk in ireland the only way for the uk to control who comes into their country is by setting up physical border controls . 
  ireland will not stop anyone who 's legally in the republic from crossing into northern ireland . 
  it was economics that partitioned ireland , it will be economics that ends partition if it happens . 
  do you think there are n't passport checks in ireland for flights from britain ? 
  that 's probably the most likely outcome along with moving immigration checks at ulster ports . 
  the cta is n't a legal agreement . 
  there is no cta portfolio in either nation as it does n't legally exist . 
  it 's an ad-hoc arrangement at best and no where have i seen uniform application to suggest it is anything other an improvisation . 
  but to clear you mind i 'll give a scenario . 
  imagine post brexit the uk states that all entrants to the uk must pass through uk immigration . 
  so what happens in ireland ? 
  the only way the uk can ensure they know who comes into northern ireland is by setting up immigration controls at the border . 
  as it stands the republic of ireland and uk have differing visa arrangements with non-eu countries like india . 
  it 's happened many times when someone with a valid visa for ireland is stopped in transit through london and sent back . 
  as you can see the cta is not a shared immigration system . 
  northern ireland can join the republic if it wants to avoid a border . 
  passport checks are inevitable . 
  as it is the cta is an ad-hoc arrangement with no real guiding rules and is only recognised in eu treaties as existing parallel to shengen . 
  having traveled though all parts of there is no consistency to its execution and if the uk are serious about taking back control then that 's what they 'll have to do . 
  plus the uk have pulled back total movement control to britain before during the war and the decade after . 
  that 's going to happen anyway . 
  the only way the uk can stop eu citizens or anyone else in the republic from entering the uk unchecked via northern ireland is to set up border posts . 
  was n't the last opinion poll stating that pre-brexit ? 
  that boat has sailed . 
  how can may say she wants a soft border and not control immigration from the eu . 
  ireland is certainly not going to stop eu citizens from entering northern ireland so it really is on the uk to set up border posts which will only enflame tensions in separated communities . 
  what reasons remain not to ? 
  there 's no point in us being in a separate business visa regime from the rest of the eu and we do n't have to stop passport checks . 
  ironically the irish times was considered a very pro-british paper a century ago . 
  in fairness it was a great series . 
  yeah , i 've seen that . 
  probably paid by the post so lots of little snipes here and there . 
  we a had a political party formed just on opposing abortion called renua and it lost its only seat in the last election . 
  i 'd love any link about this , genuinely curious . 
  indeed . 
  as keynes said `` i change my opinion when the facts change , what do you do ? 
  is there any good articles about the israeli situation ? 
  haha !, 
  i feel like i 've just been exposed to the shopping channel . 
   had you saved your savings in gold over any significant time period you 'd be doing a whole lot better than having your money in a bank account . 
  if you put your money in it when it was 2k i do n't think you 'd be too happy about it now . 
  plus there 's serious cause for more downside . 
   i will continue to save in swiss francs . 
  gold was consider a safe haven too but no one talks about that now . 
  farage should be given an honorary potato for increasing our sense of european unity . 
  look , just get over it , let it go . 
  we 're just shit at the eurovision now . 
  you syntax is somewhat suspicious , what 's the weather like in moscow ? 
  but its uneconomical to waste energy on a twat . 
  drop in around 8pm , bring beer . 
  saucy !, 
  ukip are irrelevant now that they 've succeeded . 
  i do n't think vj day is a public holiday in the uk either . 
  from what i 've seen in my short time here they go all out on wearing on poppies for about two weeks around november , there 's a brief cenotaph memorial on the 11/11 but unlike anzac it is n't a holiday . 
  the last anzac day i was at in oz was a bit of a carnival , two-up , reenactments etc whereas in the uk around the 11/11 they seem to more into who can be most sombre . 
  anyway paddys day is great craic . 
  what 's funnier is that fox news is another import from australia !, 
  help to win a domestic election ? 
  isnt that the type of interference may is upset about now ? 
  nah , i 'm in england at the moment , normal work day . 
  nothing in the news about it . 
  did n't realize it was ve day until thread . 
  and that is why merkel had to explain to trump 10 times that he had to do a deal with the eu if he wanted to trade with germany . 
  for all their talk about wwii i 'm surprised the brits do n't celebrate it too . 
  well least abstention grew more than le pen . 
  i know she 's not finished but it may be peak le pen . 
  yip . 
  upon its creation northern ireland became a segregationist state with priority in employment and housing for british protestants , many of the minority irish catholic were n't even entitled to vote !, 
  the plan since inception was to coerce the remaining irish out and the trend was n't challenged until the civil rights movement of the late 1960s . 
  i remember cameron arriving back in the eu trumpeting his election win and the vibe pretty much was `` dude , put away the trumpet , we 've got a serious crisis in greece '' . 
  he really did seem like a scolded child . 
  [ the thought more of their zoo animals . 
  ] ( https://thesocietypages.org/socimages/files/2008/10/race-white-irish-discriminatory-cartoon-1.jpg ), 
  [ london then is still northern ireland now . 
  [ the brits made an art out of denigrating those they impoverished .
