  euro will probably still be the hard currency but the drachma or greek euro will devalue . 
  if there 's a better deal on the table then why did tsipras walk away ? 
  if you i 've been tough with you then wait till you get a bollocking from a scot !, 
  poor greece , release the drachma !, 
  looks like greece will be under stricter capital controls until after the summer holidays . 
  did n't that deal expire on tuesday ? 
  true , inflation will gobble the initial devaluation for greeks as imports will cost more but fixed capital like hotel beds will be playing catch up and rise to meet demand over a longer period . 
  you 'll need your sense of humour in the future . 
  peace . 
  hey , best of luck and keep the change . 
  condescension followed by sarcastic sniveling , does greece think so little of those it seeks funding from . 
  if greece wants to act like a vassal state it can go back to the ottoman empire . 
  maybe it missed the taste of its former masters boot . 
  i 'm on for a no vote so we can end this charade . 
  the $ 600 i lose on a greek exit i can recoup on a sun holiday in vastly deflated currency . 
  although if the place melts into civil war i might have to wait a while . 
  if tsipras is trying to create his own cuba in europe he 's off to a flying start . 
  yes private banks with huge exposure pension funds of citizens got bailed out in the previous bailouts but right now this is about greeces outstanding debt which is mostly with the citizens of eu . 
  personally i 'd rather burn the $ 600 that greece owes rather than be exposed to more greek insults and condescension . 
  actually you 're putting me right off ever going to greece ever if it means being lectured for not throwing money at them . 
  i rather holiday in tunisia where my support would be at least appreciated . 
  pier to pier funding for greece can not happen under eu rules , the eu will no longer fund greek banks to circumvent this rule . 
  if the greeks held a referendum in the morning saying all eu citizens must fund the greek state indefinitely would it be undemocratic for the eu to ignore this dictate ? 
  the eu was not consulted about this vote , regardless of the result of the vote greek relations with eu is now on a new footing . 
  trust is lost . 
  each eurozone country is exposed to greek debt and there 's no appetite for further exposure . 
  each irish citizen will lose nearly $ 600 , germans and dutch around $ 800 each , poor malta stand to lose $ 1300 per head . 
  do you think the citizens of the eu have much more stomach for dictates from greece ? 
  i 'll happy kiss goodbye to my $ 600 if i never have to listen to greece telling the eu how it 's trying to save us . 
  i can recoup my loss with a sun holiday in greece with a vastly devalued drachma . 
  once greece walked away from the table it burned the last bit of member solidarity . 
  the eu is taking a break from greece until sunday . 
  after that greece has to convince every eu citizen to expose themselves to more greek debt , how do think that will go down ? 
   and these are not general funds , the way you stated it made it sound like they can do whatever they like with those funds , which is not the case . 
  governments and individuals have done precisely that with eu funds until fraud is detected by eu audit !, 
  nothing has changed form my first statement !, 
  listen , have a good day where ever you are , goodbye . 
  are suggesting that greece be occupied like germany was ? 
   who gets paid what is entirely greece 's responsibility . 
  the eu has no say in how greece runs itself as long as it meets the conventions it signed up under the terms of european treaty . 
  how does my first statement differ from my last statement ? 
  as for the weaknesses are you comparing the eu to a federal system ? 
  so now you see that the eu does not dictate who gets what in the member state . 
  member states can apply for funding for areas that qualify but the eu can only audit the funds disbursal . 
  it can fine states to recoup funds where fraud is detected but that 's as good as it gets . 
  the eu ca n't fix the greek tax system but it can advise . 
  even germany offered to send tax inspectors to help improve their tax collection but the greeks refuse and they were entirely within their rights as a sovereign nation to do so . 
  such program are only subject to audit from the eu but they are administered by citizens of each participating state . 
  actually the uk does lose money on a grexit so it does have an interest on greece agreeing to terms . 
  her message is more for london with the upcoming brexit . 
  who gets paid what is entirely greece 's responsibility . 
  the eu has no say in how greece runs itself as long as it meets the conventions it signed up under the terms of european treaty . 
  a no in the referendum would most certainly lead to greece withdrawing from the eurozone . 
  actually printing away debt is a default on savers . 
  not a hope . 
  we 've too recent a memory of real poverty , not relative poverty . 
  i have massive sympathy for ordinary greek people . 
  i think their current government is doing them a huge disservice but i ca n't argue with democracy . 
  i ca n't help it if that 's what you think i say . 
  i started watching it , saw it was about `` war reparations '' and bailed . 
  well considering that syriza is gone if it 's a yes vote or greece leaves the eu after a no vote , insulting the current greek leadership is inconsequential . 
  it only betrays his frustrations at his own misplaced optimism . 
  definitely not on my dinerparty list . 
  so does forgiving greece 's debts mean that germany and other creditor countries get to occupy greece like germany was occupied after the war ? 
  ireland is going to lose money on greek debt so i say we should get at least one of their island . 
  we a boat on duty in the med at the moment and it would be great for the lads to have somewhere to chill out . 
  did you miss the cash run on the atms after the referendum announcement ? 
  if the banks opened there would have been chaos . 
  the imf are out of the picture for a start and the program that is supposedly what the sunday vote is about actually no longer exists . 
  the sunday vote has effectively become a confidence vote for the current greek government . 
  i do n't know where greece and the eu can start from again . 
  a no vote would definitely be the end of all negotiations between greece and the eu and probably mean greece abandoning the euro . 
  as the euro is now mandatory greece 's membership will have to be redefined . 
  as the imf is out of the picture and greek banks are effectively under capital controls , the only lenders left are eu members ad by eu rules members can not bail each other directly : this rule exists is to uphold the integrity of nation states and ensures no one state becomes entirely dependent on the others . 
  i ca n't see an easy solution although the no will certainly means an end to negotiations with eu states . 
  article 50 of treaty of european union says greece can leave just as it is doing under syriza 's leadership . 
  there is no legal constraint on greece leaving . 
  greece 's nato membership is not part of eu membership so geopolitics is not an issue . 
  if anything having a smaller southern eu coast would be helpful . 
  it ca n't remain in the eu without the euro , the two countries with opt outs got them before the euro was agreed . 
  after that all member states use or eventually adopt the $ . 
  a yes votes allows greece to return to where negotiations broke down although what was on the table then is no longer in place after the imf missed payment . 
  a no vote means syriza have a mandate to demand new terms . 
  greece can not dictate terms so no new agreements can be made . 
  with no more supports greece will have to print drachma and fall out of the eu . 
  it will not be pushed , it will not be forced but it will fall out of the eu . 
  at least turkey might understand the greeks better . 
  a lot of europe seems exasperated at this stage and will be glad when either greece takes what was on offer or gets out . 
  ok , that 's their views as economists . 
  now as humans would they prefer to live in a greece inside the eu and outside the eu ? 
  why should greek domestic politics dominate eu affairs ? 
  to be honest i 'm be glad if greece votes no as it does n't seem happy in the eu . 
  maybe greece could make a trade pact with turkey and iran . 
  it 's mad to think that greek shipping is the fifth biggest in the world yet is tax exempt in greece . 
  syriza had since they came to power to call this referendum . 
  is it fair to the taxpayers of europe who are on the hook for this to charade to continue ? 
  we need adults at the negotiating table and the sooner the better for greece and everyone else . 
  the eu ca n't save greece from itself but we can be there to help when they have adults in the government again . 
  july 20th should be enough time for the drachma to be ready if it already is n't . 
  he might be if the top man abandons greece like he abandoned europe .
