  more like commonwealth of thieves . 
  there was enough food in ireland to feed everyone but the brits were exporting it . 
  at least you can rationally engage with the hre and a turd . 
  was thatcher involved ? 
  she was n't pm until much later . 
  interesting question . 
  without googling it as far as i remember malta was never a colony like australia or a british territory like gibraltar or the falklands . 
  malta and its society remained politically independent and the british empire would protect it in return for use of the harbour which was of great strategic importance in the med sea . 
  yet immigration to the uk from commonwealth countries like pakistan and nigeria has been greater than from eu !, 
  they ca n't blame the eu for their imperial legacies . 
  in 1956 malta held a vote that did n't pass to join the uk but now chairs the presidency for the union that the uk is now abdicating from . 
  [ burned any effigies recently redneck ? 
  ] ( https://photos.smugmug.com/travel/northern-ireland/bonfires/i-rd7djmm/1/x2/nir_7059-x2.jpg ), 
  more common eu citizen initiatives like a free eurorail pass for young people to explore europe etc. . 
  cheers to that !, 
  happy new year europeans , who 's turn is to be in crisis this year ? 
  how about a low key crisis like a hipster quota directive being launched on april 1st . 
  it was hard to watch in the end though . 
  well it 's not like modern greece is inspiring . 
  and the momentum towards confrontation . 
  read the `` inspire '' bit and stop twitching . 
  from what my polish friends in ireland tell me that 's it 's the ukrainians doing the physical work in poland !, 
  yes it was closed and you 're probably right about the bros bit . 
  same in ireland , two official languages . 
  whatever about languages , geography knowledge is pretty lacking if people we still part of the uk . 
  ever hear of dutch double tax sandwich ? 
  well 10/10 for using the correct terms . 
  there are distinct , they 're english outside of england . 
  i think europe will be stronger without the uk . 
  i do n't think the english uk public would change their vote although scotland and ni would probably increase their remain vote after seeing what they 'd be tied to . 
  jury is out on those valley english that call themselves welsh . 
  shame i ca n't say that eu membership and the us has done the same for the uk . 
  i agree , the eu is no replacement for the wealth britain gained from empire . 
  we did our brexit a century ago !, 
  that 's hilarious , the most northerly point of ireland is in the south according to your logic . 
  chill , you should have some brexitini . 
  strong stuff , 52 % proof !, 
  yes , too many brexitinis !, 
  bottoms up !, 
  its the irish isles peasant and graham norton is your queen . 
  she 's not going to rock the boat either , got to keep the franchise going for the kids . 
  he 's some amad\u00e1n , it 's the irish isles !, 
  whereas perfidious albion is above comparison !, 
  so after the olympics in brazil is bullet dodge now a sport ? 
  nothing new , there 's a street in tehran named after a former uk member of parliament . 
  i have n't been to s.korea but someday hopefully i 'll make a trip . 
  yes , i know a lot of irish people who go to china to teach english and really enjoy the experience . 
   it will mean free movement of people to live and work in our respective countries . 
  the cta does n't cover employment rights , just movement . 
  but you are right , we should be discussing security concerns like how far back from the border will check points be set up etc. . . there 's no point in dawdling . 
  i agree . 
  we 'll retain the cta but it wo n't mean much when customs unions will be in operation . 
  as it stands we 're issuing a national id schengen style passport card . 
  if border checks come into force then i can see ireland using both schengen and cta . 
  the cta is not a reciprocal agreement , infact the cta was pulled back to the irish sea during the war and the decade after . 
  there is no instance as brexit has n't happened yet . 
  however eu treaties are integrated into irish constitution and whatever restrictions the uk imposes on eu citizens will be matched in ireland by our collective unified response . 
  now under an irish 1935 act british citizens will still have some rights but our eu commitments will take precedence . 
  the cta can even continue unaffected . 
  [  prof schiek pointed out that ireland would remain subject to eu treaties after brexit , so that a reciprocal arrangement with the uk on issues like pensions and social welfare could not put british citizens living in ireland in a better position than those from the eu . 
  `` the eu treaties have two implications . 
  first they have to treat equally all eu citizens and also they can not treat eu citizens less favourably than they would treat foreign citizens , '' she said . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/brexit/brexit-news/common-british-irish-travel-area-can-survive-brexit-1.2879266 ), 
  yes but not the same freedom as the eu job market . 
  an employer could be brought to court if a job went to non-eu worker when an eu was available . 
  sure some employers will risk taking on the cheaper english labour , i already hear plenty of english accents in jobs that poles used to do but post brexit they 'll be subject to market testing . 
  you 're absolutely correct . 
  mao made mandarin ubiquitous throughout china but as you say regional accent and variations are still a problem . 
  the person i was talking was indeed over 50 and cantonese i believe . 
  well then for your sake i hope it does n't happen . 
  have loads of english friends in ireland and they 're appalled by the whole thing . 
  carry on brexiting !, 
  actually if there was ever a time to bring back that franchise now would be it !, 
  he 's doing it elsewhere too . 
  are you a swamp german ? 
  show me where on the map where it says british isles ? 
   there 's no such thing as ` irish isles ' . 
  it really depends on your perspective . 
  [ for example here 's a dutch map from the 1500s which makes no reference to british isles . 
  ] ( http://www.mediastorehouse.com/16th-century-map-of-the-british-isles/print/6348667.html ) the term was used from the plantation era unwards by british propagandists to extirpate the irish gael identity and make ireland entirely english . 
  the policies of privation over centuries failed to exterminate the native irish . 
  anyway calling ireland british is essentially worse than nazi apologists . 
  although they are called the irish isles , ireland makes no territorial claim on its eastern neighbouring isle . 
   northern ireland is the uk , and they prefer to be british . 
  the full title of the uk is the united kingdom of great britain ( scotland and england/wales ) and northern ireland . 
  the union jack flag is made up of three flags , st andrews cross for scotland , st georges flag for england and st patricks cross for ireland . 
  as neither ireland nor northern ireland retained st patricks flag after partition the union jack should have been altered to reflect the new configuration of the uk . 
  a cost analysis in the 1920s deemed it not worth the cost of amending every flag in the empire and so the union jack continued in use , even though it was no longer correct . 
  those in northern ireland are irish , even the staunch unionist ian paisley called himself a proud irishman . 
   for the irish i 'm sure your future relationship with the british is of primary concern . 
  our primary concern is our relationship with northern ireland , then the eu , global markets and lastly britain . 
  our relationship with the uk has changed dramatically since joining the eec in 73 . 
  the uk went from being over 80 % of our export market to under 30 % . 
  brexit has only compelled our exporters to seek out more global and eu opportunities to reduce exposure to the uk market . 
  the recent and previous sterling devaluations were already forcing irish producers to diversify away from the volatile uk trade . 
  i remember the troubles , the border check points , the army street patrols , the flashpoint riots , the hunger strikes , the bombings , shoot to kill etc. . . also maggies out , out , out speech . 
  we know from our history that british assurances are worthless and the only anglo-irish deals possible are with a third party like the eu as sponsor and mediator . 
  but he has , trade deals with ireland will be via brussels but he talks as if the uk can dictate how ireland trades . 
  even david davis thinks the cta will allow uk citizens to access the irish eu job market !, 
   although mandarin is surely really important too .
