  are you asserting it did n't happen ? 
  we did n't ask the uk to leave . 
  it the uk that is spurning its allies . 
  well the fact that no one can or is trying to stop the uk from leaving the voluntary union does n't support your federation claims . 
  the uk simply despises europe . 
  it was n't limited to colour . 
  there are loads of cartoons from punch magazine [ like this ] ( https://english.chass.ncsu.edu/jouvert/v4i1/shas1.gif ) that portrayed irish as monkeys around the time of britain 's genocidal starvation of the native populace . 
  you think the eec and eu are completely unrelated ? 
  well the public voted to stay before so one vote to leave is n't exactly conclusive . 
  ultimately though we are now in doubt as to the real problem thanks to banana lady . 
  your overestimating the uk 's commitment to europe . 
  well i am dealing with the ridiculous . 
  you 'll still be an irish national in the morning . 
  i will agree that there are variances within what self identifies as the unionist community . 
  some like ian paisley called themselves irish and unionist and other british and unionist . 
  so ian saw himself being of an irish nation , but within the united kingdom . 
  good night . 
  i have enjoyed discussing these nuances . 
  you genocide apologist . 
  the british government garrisoned more troops in ireland to protect food exports than they had in india !, 
  there was n't a famine , there was enough food to feed everyone . 
  do you not identify as being of the irish nation ? 
  even ian paisley called himself a proud irishman but his nation was the uk . 
  it ca n't be done . 
  the eu would rightly want their citizens afforded the same right in the uk and the uk do n't want that . 
  the uk is only worth 14 % of our exports so it 's not worth risking our eu trade and losing the multinational business that 's based here . 
  this is what the uk wants . 
  let them off . 
  the irish nationalist identity is not based solely on catholicism . 
  the united irishmen were mostly presbyterian and wolfe tone was cofi . 
  the rcc actually recognised the hanoverian succession and even colluded with westminster against irish rebellion during the great hunger . 
  it 's very disingenuous to say irish republican = catholic . 
  our first president was cofi !, 
  that 's not a rule , it 's my interpretation based on the article i linked , which was by a professor of eu law in queens university , belfast . 
  treating eu citizens less favourably will not be option if we want our citizens to have to same access across the eu . 
  the conclusion is sound . 
  sobering thoughts . 
  no , nationalists only have a link to the country they reside in . 
  unionists identify with a union that may not even exist if scotland leave !, 
  one is native , the other is supported by outside subsidy . 
  ok , in a job offer situation it 's eu nationals first . 
  uk citizens with a right to reside in ireland under pre-eu laws can apply but they go on a secondary list . 
  now ireland being the small place it is it can be very easy for an irish or eu citizen to spot if they were passed over for a non-eu brit and then the employer is wide open to being sued . 
  so essentially it will be very hard for brits to enter the irish job market without sponsorship or an in demand skill set . 
  any brits in ireland i know who were eligible started their irish citizenship application after brexit . 
  where i do see openings though with the right to reside is allowing self employed to start up a business if they can fund themselves . 
  that means we 'll get their best and most motivated . 
  they 'll have to follow johnny adair to ayr if they want to march the queens highway !, 
  the unionist identity is based upon supremacy over the defeated native irish !, 
  reunification is the end for the ulster unionist . 
   again , i 'm not sure why ireland wo n't just pass a law saying that uk citizens are entitled to the same rights as like eu citizens , the 1949 act does not confer british citizenship , neither does the 1935 free state act . 
  if we confer irish citizenship on all british then eu nations will remand that the uk reciprocate for all eu nations but the uk wo n't go for that so that 's out . 
  in reality after brexit the uk is our economic rival and no longer an ally . 
  cement the loyalists against us ? 
  we 're the reason they exist !, 
  you have to acknowledge that irish reunification is the end of the ulster unionist identity . 
  surely you can appreciate how they being told that they can be brought on board to irish reunification is laughable when it 's the death sentence for their cultural identity . 
  i 've heard davis , the brexit white paper author , talk of the cta as a freedom to work agreement when it 's really a non-binding floating arrangement and has nothing to do with the right to work in each nation . 
  unlike the talk about brits in spain and other eu nations , so far i have n't heard the brexit cabinet actual understand that their citizens in the irish republic , of which there 's 300.000 , wo n't have free access to our eu job market . 
  the 1935 free state act does maintain brits right to residence in the republic and the healthcare and welfare reciprocal arrangements can also maintained . 
   prof schiek pointed out that ireland would remain subject to eu treaties after brexit , so that a reciprocal arrangement with the uk on issues like pensions and social welfare could not put british citizens living in ireland in a better position than those from the eu . 
   `` the eu treaties have two implications . 
  first they have to treat equally all eu citizens and also they can not treat eu citizens less favourably than they would treat foreign citizens , '' she said . 
  here 's the full [ piece . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/brexit/brexit-news/common-british-irish-travel-area-can-survive-brexit-1.2879266 ), 
  well all cases can be specific !, 
  who created the terrorism ? 
  who brought the gun into irish politics and who protected them ? 
  now we have the threat of brexit looming and not being alive to its risks is naive . 
  despite the arguments circulating about the brits not wanting to reignite the troubles i would n't rule it out that they 'd use it . 
  for fuck sake , go back a century ago and europe is all about empires fighting !, 
  this picture is symbolic of the dismantling of those empire as the removal of soviet statues . 
  so it 's not significant for you but as a european it is significant for me and many more . 
  why is that a problem for you ? 
  why are you such an apologist ? 
  yeah , it kinda beautiful and if the brits then threaten to change the 1949 republic of ireland act which covers irish in britain it will be seen as vengeful as it has nothing to do with brexit . 
  why else would you question its significance ? 
  a european nation emerges from the colonial control of another . 
  there was a thread about where the old soviet statues were moved and no one argued that that was n't insignificant . 
  only british fascists could call it insignificant . 
  nah the cta is meaningless . 
  the residency rights between the two nations are separate pieces of domestic legislation and are non reciprocal . 
  the white paper makes the arrogant assumption that brits resident in ireland will have the same rights post brexit . 
  it 's significant european history . 
  wow , you really do n't like ireland being an independent european nation . 
  it 's european history although i understand some brits still ca n't accept that ireland is a separate eu nation . 
  after all our eu nationality was n't even acknowledged on the brexit white paper . 
  that 's a separate issue to humanitarian refuge . 
  you do understand that ? 
  the uks real problem is its looming health crisis as the babyboomers crash the health system . 
  if some sort of brexit is n't delivered i can imagine minorities may need protection . 
  this is now . 
  this every year . 
  this is in your country , the uk and you ca n't see that . 
  you 're in denial . 
  i 'd put it this way . 
  would you accept bonfires that burnt effigies of muslims and then marches through with union jacks that would stop outside mosques and play triumphalist anti muslim songs ? 
  this happens to irish communities in the uk . 
  long ago ? 
  every year your british nationals have bonfires on uk streets on which they burn our flag .
