  i 'm sorry , i do n't see the positives of a hard border in ireland . 
  years ago ? 
  ireland is still undemocratically partitioned . 
  common eu membership made the partition problems melt away , but brexit now returns the partition specter . 
  do you seriously believe anything constructive happens on the internet . 
  now go out and get your copy of the mail and find out who you 're supposed to hate today . 
  it 's an anglo-centric publication , full of british dispassionate condescension when things are good but saber rattling when the trumpets call !, 
  they supported the iraq invasion for instance even though there was every economic reason to oppose it . 
  q `` did you vote trump ? '', 
   they did n't want it , so they stayed in the union . 
  the rest did so they got home rule and then a republic . 
  you 're ignoring the democratic will of ireland for home rule for the island . 
  you must be a bloody brit . 
  the what ? 
  never heard of it . 
  no body forces brits to move to spain . 
   the people of northern ireland choose what happens to them , not all of ireland . 
  northern ireland was a bunch of terrorists who armed themselves from germany against the democratic will of the island for home rule . 
  the brits intentionally sided with the terrorists in spite . 
  well northern ireland was created without an all ireland vote so ya . 
  the brits have done that for centuries so no change really . 
  argentina can have the maldivas . 
   i honestly think if there was another referendum in 5 years england might reconsider and even be more enthusiastic about the eu . 
  i would n't advocate for another referendum that soon though . 
  i do wonder . 
  the electorate have been fed decades of the eu being the scapegoat for everything , some pretty ingrained attitudes out there . 
  the rise of ukip has been constant and steady up to the vote and they 're still polling stronger the than the only openly remain party , the libdems . 
  there 's every possibility that bad economic fallout from brexit will also be blamed on the eu . 
  no , it was the english who ate the wheat that irish tenant farmers worked to harvest to pay english rent while starving on rotten potatoes . 
  i think he means one piece at a time . 
  i ca n't see england returning for a generation or two . 
  how dare he !, 
  the proper title is swamp germans . 
  you ever hear the irish expression `` now you 're sucking diesel '' ? 
  seriously i 'm fucked , i do n't know what time it is where you are but my bed is calling me . 
  if you want to talk about it , i here for you . 
  cheap petrol is the usual culprit . 
  goodnight . 
  calm the fuck down gimp . 
  existing trade had to be discussed and agreed upon in previous times . 
  seriously calm the fuck down and open a window or something . 
   i 'm more referring to the seeming love eu citizens have for ftas as long as they are n't with the us . 
  wtf ? 
  you do n't see eu nations accepting subpar gmos . 
  if that 's the case then there 'd be no trade at all between the eu and the usa , but there is , so your assertion is wrong . 
  the uk will never rejoin ... ... . but bits of it probably will !, 
  so does england/wales become southern britain ? 
   that and the idea of free trade with the us is abhorrent among people in the eu but free trade with nearly any other nation is exciting . 
  back up there . 
  just because talks happen does n't mean that everything discussed happens . 
  you do n't choose everything off a menu do you ? 
  [ read links !, 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/ilmqmop0q0xsq/giphy.gif ) anyway just because gms are a red line for the eu does n't there are n't other things that can be agreed upon . 
  well gms were a red line for europe but it did n't mean that discussions about other things could happen , until trump arrived and shut everything down , including nafta . 
  my mistake , i was thinking of the tpp . 
  at this stage everyone has pretty much written off anything constructive happening globally while trump is in florida at the weekends . 
  remember , america first , america first . 
  anyway while trump awaits for the world to realign to the usas interests , nations move on . 
  trumps isolationist presidency will really give other players a huge advantage . 
  where did i say it involved the eu ? 
  no , that was trump and if you believe all his nonsense then good luck to you . 
  he 's actually handed the initiative to china in the pacific . 
  to protect their dollar hegemony . 
  why would anyone oppose trade talks otherwise ? 
  we 're not talking about approval for a deal because there is n't one because talks have n't begun . 
  so the only reason to oppose talks with asians is racism . 
  anyway it 's not like asean speaks with the one voice most of the time . 
  it 's a volatile groups most of the time , any concordance on issues is an achievement . 
  speak for yourself . 
  but you have to be a racist to not even want to talk with asean . 
  there 's no deal on the table to oppose or object to so it has to be racism for not wanting to talk to asean . 
  there was no other reason to oppose resumption of trade discussions with asean other than racism . 
  who 's asking western economies to be linked up ? 
  it 's free trade talks , not political union . 
  economic and legal variations have n't stopped trade agreements in the past so there 's no reason why trade talks ca n't be conducted . 
  i know it will be hard but their willingness to bare it is their problem . 
  the uk leaving did n't stop the deal with canada so why should france or the netherlands stop the eu proceeding . 
  next year it will be italy or spain again , so what . 
  the eu a voluntary union and members come and go but the only reason for accepting a canadian trade but spurning an asian trade deal is racism . 
  you 're just racist trolling . 
  there 's elections all the time in the eu . 
  there 's elections all the time around the world and that has n't stopped trade agreements in the past . 
  that 's a very bad attempt to deflect from your racism . 
  why ? 
  got something against asians too ? 
  we were all getting on grand until the auld rule britannia mindset kicked backed in with brexit . 
   and what is most astonishing is that citizens of the `` weaker '' countries have the most radical opinions on these subjects . 
  they understand the domestic policies that create the weaknesses better than anyone . 
   sadly once you are in , it 's not so easy to leave . 
  tell that to the brits . 
   and what is most astonishing is that citizens of the `` weaker '' countries have the most radical opinions on these subjects . 
  they understand the domestic policies that create the weaknesses better than anyone . 
   sadly once you are in , it 's not so easy to leave . 
  tell that to the brits . 
  telling any nation that you want their money but not their people will get peoples backs up . 
  well ai n't nothing even approaching what the eea exists across latin america although trump may actually be the a good motivator for change and china are happy to take the lead on the pacific trade agreement with the likes of peru , columbia , mexico and chile . 
  were you expecting the uk be rewarded ? 
  here take what you want as you leave !, 
  its obvious the author has never been to latin america . 
  it 's a voluntary union !,
