  are there queues forming at atms tonight ? 
  what are the chances that there 'll be an election instead ? 
  if there was anything left to demand there would n't be this abdication of responsibility . 
  syriza having shot all its arrows is throwing its hands up in the air . 
  whatever shit happens they 'll say they are n't responsible . 
  add to that the million guest workers ( non-eu ) who earn 25 % of the wages . 
  why should there be a youth unemployment problem with so many imported workers ? 
  the trends seems to be a nation heading for welfare dependency . 
  well if you 're nation is well enough run hopefully it should avoid needing a bailout from its trading partners . 
  she partook in the illusion , nobody believes she skydived . 
  her husband is greek , she 's trying to help him out . 
  i work on and off contract . 
  usually around $ 2000 net p/m rent 0 internet 0 ( plenty of free signals near me ) healthcare $ 70 p/m do n't need car and do n't have travel costs . 
  i try to stay within a strict $ 20 per day personal spend , eat at home but go out for coffee and drinks . 
  i set it at $ 20 as the last time i was unemployed that was my daily budget . 
  got used to it and on a good year i 'll save half my salary to use for whatever i like . 
  live simply , live well . 
  for what it 's worth greece threatened to veto portugal joining the eec until they got a big payoff . 
  greece has form so do n't need yourself up . 
  good . 
  surrounded with so many nato members there really is n't any excuse for greece 's proportionally higher military spending . 
  maybe i thinking of the romanian/bulgarian border . 
  i imagine greece has always been very touchy about defense considering so much of its territory is islands along the coast of its old nemesis turkey . 
  i believe however that there 's a greater distrust with bulgaria . 
  anyone confirm ? 
  where did you get that idea ? 
  why would we lay out money for flights and relocation costs to move somewhere to not work ? 
  everyone on temp work visas opted out of social welfare so we would n't have to pay welfare taxes . 
  we were there to make money , simple . 
  guinness with sunburn . 
  i 've visited rome twice , first time my wife said i hardly spoke for three days . 
  i was in awe . 
  the second time i read up more on the history of rome and booked myself a week there just to walk among the streets and parks , i even walked a good bit of the via appia rustica . 
  nothing describes rome better than the words of lord byron which can be found on his statue in rome . 
  my country !, 
  city of the soul !, 
  the orphans of the heart must turn to thee , lone mother of dead empires !, 
  and control in their shut breasts their petty misery . 
  what are our woes and sufferance ? 
  come and see the cypress , hear the owl , and plod your way o'er steps of broken thrones and temples , ye !, 
  whose agonies are evils of day -- a world is at our feet as fragile as our clay . 
  yeah , feel the same way about paris , if i never saw it again that would be ok . 
  whereas i can never get enough of rome !, 
  somewhat presumptuous but at least it 's better than their the declaration that their debt was odious . 
  the eu leaders do not have a mandate to federalise greek debt or to make exceptions for greece . 
  the drama is the new greek government failing to understand this . 
  when they acknowledge this impasse then expect a snap greek election . 
  a new greek government must understand the best deal is already on the table . 
  i placed my bet in jan at 3/1, 
   famously britain opted out of any rescue loans other than for ireland and your government used that to negotiate a very good deal with other partners . 
  [ almost one pound in every four injected into the two state-backed banks by the government has gone directly into the irish economy , the two lenders ' subsidiary accounts show . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/9813358/british-taxpayers-funded-irelands-14bn-bail-out.html ), 
  i only put a tenner on it !, 
  i agree with the greeks who see themselves better off outside of the euro , at least then they ca n't blame anyone else for their own shortcomings . 
  you do n't think greece deserves a new start ? 
  new drachma so . 
  the greeks know what 's best for everyone so they can start with themselves . 
  well i can see how at the time the question was about staying within the uk as part of the eu ; it was a straight yes/no . 
  but now another referendum wo n't be just about scotlands union with england , whales and ni , it will be also about staying in eu without the uk or alternatively leaving both . 
  was n't that alex salmond ? 
  the new snp leader said that if the uk opted out then she 'd run another vote leave the uk and reenter the eu . 
  so if the uk were to vote to leave the eu would snp call another referendum to separate from england and wales and rejoin europe ? 
  the real question is will creditors lose more if they repeat the last 5 years with greece or will cutting their losses now be cheaper ? 
  well it goes back to the earlier protestations of how austerity was undemocratic as greece had elected a anti austerity government . 
  absolute democracy runs counter to fixed term government of which europe is comprised . 
  i wo n't be surprised that the moment the current government has to default they 'll abscond and there 'll be a snap election and then the saga will continue ... epic stuff . 
  but then again the greeks gave us drama . 
  it 's an uncomfortable choice , a horrible end or an endless horror . 
  reading that i 'm inclined to think a new currency and debt write off are greece 's only cure . 
  all fair points but observers also note that not every country who received bailouts went the way of greece . 
  if greece and the euro are incompatible then it 's best that everyone drops their pretensions of knowing what 's best . 
   in europe we had the illusion that we are the center of the world i thought he meant `` we '' = greece but then read the rest and realise that i was listening to the unelected leader of a federation that does n't exist . 
  well it seems that everyone except greece is being silly . 
  obviously that 's what this crisis is about , greece trying to save europe . 
  greece defaults , all debts written off , issues new currency to meet its domestic obligations like pensions and government wages . 
  rampant inflation , euro remains as a hard currency just as the dm had been before the euro . 
  tourists will get discounts if they pay in euros . 
  government has no choice but to implement reforms just to provide essential services . 
  so is the lesson is if you ca n't be a good example then you 'll have to be a horrible warning ? 
  the water revived others unless of course it 's not good enough for greece . 
  if greece does n't like the terms greece is free to walk away and sort out its problems unhindered by the eu and imf . 
  you can lead a horse to water but you ca n't make them drink . 
  hey we lost the run of ourselves in irelands during the credit bubble and had to reign in public spending . 
  taxation had got too dependent on property credit so taxes increased to plug the gap when the credit dried up . 
  a few really hard years pass and now i 'm seeing job growth . 
  it 's not the pay rates of the bubble years but they were n't sustainable anyway . 
  well at least with a new devalued currency you could attract back some production . 
  if the uk were to leave would n't they just end up with the same take it or leave it option with the eu as norway currently has ? 
  funding really long retirements wo n't increase gdp either . 
  seriously some of greece 's retirement ages will have adults benefitting longer than they 've contributed !, 
  on the plus side a new greek currency will bring back business but your purchasing power may be no better . 
  reduced pay by increased taxation will help pay greek pension liabilities . 
  they could tax their shipping magnates . 
  no , they look pretty sedate . 
  but australians would n't agree . 
  yeah , i reckon if i visit greece i 'll be heading to the islands . 
  hopefully it wo n't be a thing . 
  the uk version is brexit . 
  those riots were certainly rough . 
  went out with a girl in belfast for a few years , got used to having to be constantly aware of contentious protests etc.
