  especially when a sheep boat can sink a russian warship . 
  well you obvious have never met a refugee and are willing to believe fake news . 
  you honestly think all refugees are doctors and engineers ? 
  and those citizens are from nations who do n't shrink from their humanitarian duty . 
  would have a bearing on the eu citizens of northern ireland . 
   no country can be forced to take responsibility for the irresponsibility of other nations . 
  but poland was involved in the coalition of the willing that destablized the region from which the refugee crisis now comes . 
  poland does n't want to help with sharing humanitarian burden . 
  what alternative does poland offer that does n't put an extra burden on other nations ? 
  nation with most emigrants in other eu nations does n't want to share eu refugee crisis . 
  residents of northern ireland are entitled to dual nationality . 
  the brexiters persistently overlooked the fact that relations between the republic and the uk were pretty much non existent until both sat down at the same table at the eec . 
  the eec and later eu was a neutral third party through which anglo-irish talks could begin but now brexit undermines all that work . 
  to be honest a hard border will probably do more to break about a border poll . 
  get used to it . 
  i think he 's playing a blinder , look how rattled he got the brits . 
  clean up . 
  if that was so would there be a refugee crisis ? 
  actually it was ff/greens that signed up to the bail-out . 
  but the whole point of brexit was taking back control of uk borders , brexit would be pointless if the uk did n't control its landborder with the eu . 
  it does n't matter who they sent to facilitate an unpopular war whose repercussions poland now refuses to alleviate . 
  it was a coalition of the willing , not the unwilling . 
  poland did n't have to contribute . 
  i really did n't warm to him but was impressed with his tenure as taoiseach , i thought internationally he did us proud and his groundwork in the lead up to and the aftermath of the brexit vote was solid . 
  i tell you it 's not many that have n't been ruined by the health portfolio , leo is a smooth operator to get through that relatively unscathed . 
  to the iraq war that many eu nations opposed ? 
  so that 's where the absentee landlords go !, 
  polish colleagues who had n't put down roots in ireland in the last decade have been heading home in recent years . 
  would love to visit poland . 
  brits may be cheaper in a few years . 
  visited verdun fort years ago . 
  haunting place . 
  overboard ? 
  fake news is weaponized information . 
  too soon . 
  wait til there 's british border posts and then you might see 70s levels . 
  if poland was happy to tag along with the military adventures that destablized that region then it really ca n't refuse its responsibilities . 
  i 've actually become accustomed to looking for `` greek style '' cheese and often forget that it 's actually feta , an unintended consequence of brand protectionism . 
   also oil prices fell a lot in recent years . 
  did n't you notice ? 
  you 're going to tell me inflation is n't happening in the uk ? 
  did you even read the link ? 
  look , ireland is not the one at fault for apples liberal interpretations as provided by london . 
  a collective eu ruling is a win win for ireland . 
  the funniest thing though is how condescending the uk was towards ireland when the 12 % tax rate came in , they said no one would move to ireland !, 
  now may is following us !, 
  the liberal interpretations for multinationals tax liabilities in ireland and other eu states is provided by their tax consultants in the real tax haven of the eu , [ london . 
  aka , treasure island !, 
  ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/economy/2011/02/london-corporation-city ), 
   you are asking them to vote themselves out of a job . 
  let 's see who many are left to ask in two years after brexit cutbacks . 
  because it 's not the brexiters ending freedom of movement . 
  or have the brexiters dropped that demand and no one told me ? 
  is this just posturing for domestic politics ? 
  thank you . 
  i was wondering because i 'd been in naples before and it did n't look that clean !, 
  i 've never been to catania but it does look pretty . 
  is that naples ? 
  ireland votes by 2 to 1 in a national referendum to legalize same sex marriage whereas in northern ireland the religious protestant unionists block it . 
   i doubt ireland would be ok with damaging it 's inter isles trade with the rest of the uk . 
   irish voters want the negotiations on brexit to focus on economic issues , jobs and the future of the eu , more than any special relationship with the uk , according to a new survey . 
  http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/irish-voters-want-brexit-focus-on-jobs-not-relations-with-uk-1.3081046 the irish republic used to rely on the uk for nearly 90 % of its trade until eec membership , now the uk is only 13 % of irelands export market . 
  the longterm trend has been away from the uk as recurring sterling devaluations have made irish producers more risk adverse to its politically volatile neighbour . 
  while the democratic end of partition would be welcome there is no appetite for facilitating the violent british nationalist culture that the uk fostered and supported in ulster . 
  her best course for scottish independence is to aim for eea status to retain the four freedoms and then say that the eu membership question is for another day . 
  prices are shooting up in the non-euro uk , inflation happens in all currencies . 
  there is actually a growing move towards using the euro in sweden , as it is several municipals accept it for payments and a whole town on the border with finland have adopted it for every day use . 
  the alternative is not sharing the humanitarian crisis that the uk and its allies created by destablizing a whole region on some quixotic adventure for past imperial glory . 
  well if the uk is practicing an anti-business policy then i really do n't see how brexit is going to improve anything . 
   the uk in the eu did n't make ni any richer so being part of ireland in the eu is n't going to do much better . 
  but being in the eu allowed ireland to go from being one of the poorest to one of the richest eu states too so it could be argued that the fault is with how the uk utilized its eu membership . 
  afterall the uk letting its industry go was a domestic decision , other eu nations chose to keep theirs and are n't blighted now by the same post industrial problems as the uk . 
  serious question as i 've seen no one ask it already , is news.ofthe.eu an actual reputable site ? 
  is it just a bunch of macedonian teenagers creating ragebait fake news websites like all the pro and anti trump sites ? 
  i just checked their page and there 's zero information about where they 're based . 
  should n't we not be linking these kind muckraking sites ? 
  technically we 're not neutral , just non-aligned . 
  we got an opt-out but provide un peace-keepers when french troops get redeployed elsewhere . 
  i think in the recent assembly elections the uup said they 'd support brexit now it 's passed . 
  they seemed to lose a lot of seats the centrist alliance party . 
  i have zero doubt that there will be a hardcore resistance but it 's that same hardcore that 's alienating the moderate unionists who know that in the long term their position just is n't economically tenable . 
  the nationalists had to face down the dissidents in their own ranks to transition to mainstream politics and i wo n't be surprised that as the economics of brexit unfolds you may see a movement from moderate unionists to quell their extremists to preserve bargaining power for their communities future . 
  you misrepresent me post . 
  a child allowance payment exists in ireland regardless of whether the parents is working or not . 
  but polish immigrants are entitled to public services where they go . 
  like my polish friend was telling she would n't go back there because the children 's allowance was non-existant . 
  you are right but an experienced psni bolster the states policing forces . 
  but what good will it do them causing trouble ? 
  if partition ends it will because a significant proportion of the unionist community accepts that 's their a greater economic imperative to end partition than maintaining it . 
  as it is their kids head to uni in britain and do n't come back which erodes the communities long term prospects as it stands . 
  the older voters need the nhs more than younger voters and when they see it being further denuded despite brexit then eventually [ pennies will drop . 
  before brexit i would have had the end of partition as being generations away , if at all . 
  now i 'm not so sure . 
  losing the unionist majority was a psychological jolt that means the unionists will have to engage in making the long term economic case for the region remaining in the uk rather than just relying on identity politics . 
  although the end of partition may mean the end of political ulster unionism it does n't mean the end of their cultural british identity , although no doubt there 'll be a hard core who 'll never accept it . 
  i would have agreed with you in the past but as mentioned by both sides in that piece it 's about economics . 
  even if partition ended the unionist can still claim their british passports but have the economic advantages . 
  however i do think that there 's a hard core segment that would rather relocate than accept the end of partition . 
  it 's a demographic thing , it 'll pass . 
  but that 's no excuse for not helping out with the real refugee crisis .
