  sentiment and nostalgia . 
  scotland joined england out of self interest and it will leave england and rejoin the eu out of the that same self interest . 
  britain has jihadi problem with loads heading off to syria , blaming the eu wo n't stop that jihadi problem turning back on british streets . 
  so what , westminster delayed home rule and that led to open rebellion in ireland . 
  brexit was clear . 
  england/wales out , scotland remain . 
  refusal to give scotland a vote will only inflame independence more . 
  i 'm sorry but i asked for detail . 
  what you described is what 's happening the uk now after the vote . 
  if article 50 is invoked and scotland holds another referendum for independence before the two year deadline then there is no reason why it ca n't file an application for accession to the eu upon independence . 
  spain would be happy with this . 
  explain . 
  in detail . 
  we 'll be checking it for tungsten content . 
  home grown terrorist does n't justify suspending the four freedoms . 
  if the uk allows a terrorist in the eu who then go on to kill in france then it is n't an eu failing , it 's a uk failing . 
  leaving the eu wo n't ensure the uk is any safer . 
  infact it might embolden them to hit the uk harder as it will be perceived as easily frightened into panic . 
  well scotland ca n't stay in the eu if it 's part of the uk . 
  if the scottish vote can be ignored then so can brexit . 
  however the eu does n't have time for silly buggers and will willingly help construct a roadmap for scottish eu membership should it leave the uk . 
  we prefer to be paid in euros , thanks . 
   i do n't think the eu referendum have given the snp a mandate to seek independence . 
  only another independence referendum does that . 
  sorry , could you explain that for me , are you saying they first need to have a vote about having another vote ? 
  some real inception stuff going on there . 
  but scotland does n't want to brexit and if it has to rejoin the eu on its own terms it will leave the uk to do that . 
  holyrood has the mandate to follow that course just as england/wales gave the mandate to leave . 
  the only thing to discuss is the terms of the british dissolution . 
  what specific interests do scotland have in following england/wales out the door ? 
  nah , that would give the snp the ammunition it needs to separate without asking . 
  messy business but with a dictating westminster , scotland would revolt . 
  divide and conquer homecoming tour 2016 !, 
  how exactly are the interests of a nation who voted to remain protected by following england and wales out the door ? 
  roughly translated for the leave voter : `` i ca n't invoke article 50 without nicola '' silence . 
  and then , oh look a crisis somewhere else !, 
  do n't forget the brits lauding their glorious dead who fight for their head of church !, 
  not a hope . 
  the whole point of the eu is movement . 
  people are human capital . 
  anyway most the muslim shit that freaks out the leave voters is much more to do with links to their former empire than anything to do with the eu . 
  the 7/7 london bombers were homegrown !, 
   if memory serves they also want to help uk farms form co-operatives once outside eu competition law . 
  soviet collectives ? 
  prince charles will be delighted to rule over an organic bucolic idyll !, 
  its only been a couple of weeks since the vote and may needs time to let the brexiters she appointed hang themselves . 
  leadsom having to explain to farmers how eu funding will be replaced was a stroke of genius . 
  may will always have the defence of being a remain campaigner to fall back on if there 's a backlash in leave vote areas . 
  christianity is a violent cult too , have you forgotten the croatian forced conversion camps of orthodox christians during the war , an established 500,000 orthodox died in those camp . 
  christianity , the religion of peace . 
  france and the uk have homegrown terrorist problems . 
  to paraphrase one brit `` they 're here because we went there '' does bulgaria have a colonial burden ? 
  what does action mean ? 
  bombing countries far away and then vilifying the refugees you create ? 
  the sooner the better . 
  ireland is tax compliant . 
  ireland has been looking beyond the uk market since the 70s . 
  even that old staple export beef has seen the uks share dwindle to the point that after the chinese market is opened next year , the uk demand will be a secondary market . 
  british agriculture is heavily reliant on migrant labour as is and any post brexit deal will be protecting eu producers with heavy tariffs on uk exports . 
  so he 's ruling out possible extensions which are permissible under article 50 . 
  he obviously believes it will all go swimmingly . 
  british print media is particularly bad . 
  i was in england for a few days on business just before the vote and perused a few different tabloids in cafes . 
  the sun ( or scrum as is probably more apt ) really sold the thing as a battle of britain type confrontation . 
  i 'm all for freedom of the press but not at the expense of the truth . 
  no one in the uk can begrudge the eu putting eu citizens first in brexit negotiations . 
  i think its the makings of a new situational comedy with loads of buffoonish jokes and hilarious misunderstandings . 
  i did n't want to win that , oh no i was terribly against that but that farage chap was so unbearable i thought i 'd jump to make to whole thing more fun ! '', 
  why is up to everyone with no say in calling the vote ( everyone else in the eu ) to have a plan for the uk when the vote passed . 
  we have our plan sorted ( article 50 ) , the uk has no excuse . 
  well your argumentative attitude against the facts is indicative . 
  may sending a man to negotiate brexit term who believes he 's got leverage because the germans sell cars to the uk . 
  the uk is a net importer , it has no bargaining position but too many people are in complete denial . 
  the only position on which the uk has absolute determination on it leaving the eu and the sooner it follows through on its pledge the better it is for everyone . 
  but there 's people in northern ireland who celebrate their british culture that they got from the union of england and scotland which forms the geographical entity called great britain . 
  are you saying english people are n't british ? 
  go tell the brits in northern ireland to let go of their culture . 
   also , / r/europe is totally obsessed with the empire . 
  nobody in the uk gives a shit about it . 
  well obviously no one gives a shit about the former empire in the uk but the hundreds of years of dictating terms is ingrained into the english mentality . 
  even some of the remain campaigners were painfully condescending in their needing to be in europe to save it !, 
  the fact is the majority of brits who turned out to vote think the uk is better off without the eu . 
  best of luck to them i say but they should n't feel in anyway put out if the bloc they 've spurned pays zero attention to their demands . 
   but what should have been done before the vote ? 
  the person who brought the vote to the people should have known what was to be done either way . 
  now there 's an accidental pm who 's only there because she 's the least worst candidate and as a remain voter she certainly had no visions for a brexit . 
  there seems to be no frame of reference for future proceedings and all that 's happening is tory infighting is catapulting the entire economy back towards a post war isolation that 's more compounded by the fact that there 's not even the remnants of an empire to trade with !, 
  meanwhile the opposition is led by a man who feels his day has finally come , unfortunately for everyone else that day is sometime in the 1970s !, 
  it is truly terrible ad they 've appointed this davis chap as brexit negotiator whose main tactic seems to be the eu better give us what we want or we 'll stop buying german cars !, 
  seriously why would a 27 bloc suddenly change things to suit a former member . 
  it 's like the girlfriend who broke up with you ringing to tell you what not to wear . 
  well cameron repeatedly promised that if he lost the vote he 'd would instigate article 50 the next day so it was presumed he had a plan for how that might unfold . 
  instead he resigns and walks away . 
  it really is shocking and i 'm surprised the uk public are n't up in arms about that . 
  when i read that my first reaction was the uk is really fucked . 
  germany has a greater export value perhead to outside the eu as is but this guy thinks he has germany and everyone else over a barrel . 
  fat eastern european ? 
  does not compute . 
  well best of luck to the uk . 
  i am really surprised they called a referendum without having a plan when it passed and the resulting uncertainty is in no ones interests .
