  an iranian friend told he 's still very popular there !, 
  the creepiest moment was when one of them told me they loved irish rock music , i was expecting him to mean u2 but no , he produced from his bag a chris de burg album !!!!!!!, 
  that 's good . 
  back in the late 80s a couple of friends were in the usa on the j1 and told their american birds that they were in the ra , the girls fell for it . 
  so the girls were coming to visit them and the lads picked them up from shannon and were driving down a boreen in west clare when their mates disguised in balaclavas and shotguns stopped them . 
  the two lads told the girls relax , `` howya lads , just showing the girlsfriends around , any sign of brits ? '', 
  and on they went . 
  the girls had actually pissed themselves in the car in fear and went back on the next flight . 
  i used to get drinks bought for me , the odd $ 50 tucked in my pocket `` for the cause '' although i never gave reason , they just wanted to believe . 
  it was mostly guys from the ancient order of hibernia who 'd never actually been to ireland, 
  i told a yank once that st patrick invented the patty burger and that in ireland you get asked how many patricks you want in your burger . 
  thats a good one . 
  its a complex one , cars are such an integral part of their that they oil at its cheapest can have no negative connotations . 
  its far easier for them to blame islam than the regimes they prop up . 
  people rise up through religion because politics is closed to them . 
  hopefully like roaming charges , private companies can provide the platform to get through europe with ease . 
  fair points . 
  they all contribute but school children do n't pay anyone so user charges are n't going to work there . 
  tell me , are you a fan of ayn rand by chance ? 
   i still fail to see the problem : road tolls lead to roads being built exactly where they are needed , where people live and actually use them . 
  but how did people start living there if there were no toll roads ? 
   the tax funded roads however are built where no one lives and apparently no one uses them . 
  if we only built roads where people lived then you 'll inevitably get congestion . 
  infrastructure investment can relieve the pressure on built up area . 
  just to add i 'm not a pro-car fanatic , i prefer not having to drive but a national infrastructure policy based purely on toll revenue underserves society and only profits the toll monopolists . 
  basically in planning transport infrastructure must benefit the whole society , tolls can augment the funding but they should not dictate . 
  the whole point of the usa was free transit between states , a user charge would be a tariff . 
  the idea being that as few barriers to freedom of movement should exist . 
  the florida example shows how roads follow the money and therefore you end up with infrastructure investment gravitating towards and overloading the preexisting busy areas whereas federal funding provides the infrastructure for business to redistribute , thus avoiding bottleneck , gridlock and general carmegeddon . 
  on the other side california has very few tolls but it has a very broad road infrastructure . 
  user charges are not a problem but in some instances vital needs need the support of general taxation to ensure they serve their purpose . 
  the usa federal road network is needing federal funding because in many instances states wo n't put the money in . 
  florida is a mess of expensive private toll roads which do n't actually contribute to federal network . 
  not everyone who uses these things pay for them . 
  children for example do n't pay and i do n't how it works in germany but in ireland pensioners get free transport in non rush hour public transport . 
  that 's it . 
  thanks . 
   personally , i am for a road charge . 
  if you use the roads , you have to pay for them , simple as that . 
  want to save money ? 
  car pool , use a bus or ride the train . 
  fair enough but every national road network is structurally integral for the nation to fully function . 
  just because someone does n't own a car or drive does n't mean they do n't benefit from the road network . 
  i 'd imagine once mobile roaming charges are gone it will be easier to organise some app that can allow to pay tolls based on your geographic progress . 
  ok , wizz kids , get to work !, 
  while he 's at it could also tell the eurovision crowd that australia is not in europe !, 
  what did a former saudi king say , `` when i was a child i rode a camel , now my son rides in a limo but his child may end up riding a camel again . '', 
  oil . 
  in my routine , dinner is the main meal in our day , lunch is usually just a snack . 
  the more pertinent question is how many of that 1300 are actually eligible to apply . 
  then see what percentage even ten applications would make . 
  usually around 8pm if eating out , then it 's to the pub for the craic !, 
  at home usually around 6pm . 
  of mps , which is a different measure . 
  hah , it 's the break up of sleep that i could n't adjust to . 
  that was very good . 
  [ reminds me of anto and ivor from ireland . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzjwc_vp-_q ), 
  no , my bodyclock could n't adjust . 
  i spent a month in chile where people ate at 10pm and i just could n't do it . 
  i could never get used to dinner at 10pm . 
  is this something to do with cheap booze ? 
  no one doubts that . 
  boris johnson said he 'd aid mexico 's bid for eu membership . 
  i think it 's in preparation for helping mexico build a wall to keep racist rednecks coming south . 
  so what , nation states as we know them change over centuries . 
  a child reared on the borderlands can respect their parents of different nations by being an eu citizen . 
  it 's a new culture in its infancy . 
  in fact now that the uk is leaving euro-english can now be the working language without any cultural jealousies . 
  well the next generation who are used to no borders will have a different feel for national identity , they might acknowledge its influence on their personal attitudes and values but it may not be as important as their status as eu citizens with freedoms to mingle amongst other similar cultural identities . 
  maybe it was a poll conducted on people who watch `` made in chelsea '' . 
  it would seem that the vote in the north cut down the tall poppy that was london . 
  was n't london creating 1 in every 6 pounds of value in the uk ? 
  the two koreas probably wo n't work . 
  i do n't think the uk will fail , it will just change to a new post brexit reality . 
  just do n't measure its success in $ and $ . 
  [  some 72 percent of the ceos surveyed said they voted `` remain '' in the june 23 brexit referendum , kpmg said on monday in an e-mailed statement . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-09-25/brexit-leads-three-quarters-of-britain-s-ceos-to-consider-moving ) negotiations have n't even begun but when a date is set it will get very interesting . 
  do you have trader joe 's ? 
  that 's owned by aldi . 
  and the usa may soon have tantrum trump as their leader . 
  more reason to disengage from nato . 
  is there no room for being an eu national ? 
  yes , i know but you may have noticed that facts are no longer needed to be able to run for presidency of the usa . 
  are you suggesting the uk is more a puppet state than an active player ? 
  i 'm pretty sure plenty of people in the usa would prefer to contribute less to nato if the eu spends more on its own security . 
  this would leave a post brexit uk sidelined . 
  yes , there are good arguments for a zero rate . 
  then the whole exercise would have been pointless . 
  may as well reduce corporate tax to zero , wo n't help when tariffs are raised in response . 
  i blame the whole cool britannia thing for glossing over industrial decline and the resentment it caused in the working class . 
  having said that there 's no excuse for chav being a chav . 
  yeah , the specialist stuff does tend to cost far more than the basic backpacker stuff . 
  i bought a two season bag for $ 30 before i went on a trip to nz , did the job but i was n't using it at altitude . 
  nz$ , plus yeah , things that are cheap in europe can be very expensive in nz . 
  well try doing it . 
  i know that when i tried to buy a prepay 3 sim for use in the uk no one would ship it abroad . 
  the eu roaming directive is about making it easier for people whose daily lives are across borders like between italy and france or austria and germany . 
  ah , that 's the difference . 
  eu roaming wo n't have a time limit .
