  if a brit and swede went for a job in ireland and the non eu brit got the job then we 'd have a case to answer to all our fellow eu nations who make their job market accessible to us . 
  you 're not getting this . 
  eu membership supersedes the previous arrangements between ireland and the uk . 
  the uk voted out of the eu and we will be respecting that vote . 
  the whole piece feels self conciliatory . 
  he talks of post war social resets of japan and germany but overlooks that ireland had a reset decades before after centuries of brutal economic suppression under british rule . 
  our current success did n't happen overnight , if it were all about our tax rate vw and the rest would be here . 
  all he sees in ireland is the corporate tax while in reality industry right across europe gives its champions sweetheart deals , the uk deal for port talbort goes further in actually subsidizing foreign profits !, 
  constitutional law takes precedent . 
  the rest is non binding , even the cta is non binding . 
  it 's just a load of working arrangements cobbled together by civil servants of nations that were n't talking to eachother . 
  do you seriously think the republic or ireland would go the polls to change their constitution to rule themselves out of the eu just for the uk sakes ? 
  now that the uk and the republic will be diverging economically , it makes no sense for ireland to remain outside the schengen zone . 
  uk citizens could still come to ireland , establish residence under existing irish laws but they wo n't have free access to the eu job market until they become eu citizens . 
  irish law is the constitution , the rest is commentary . 
  you 'd actually have to have a constitution referendum that would create a special status for brits . 
  a lot of people on this thread seem to confusing the cta as a work permit . 
  it literally is just a common travel area . 
  you can travel but post brexit the republic and the uk while still sharing the cta , will be separate job markets . 
  the eu treaty laws are constitutional in irish law . 
  the eu treaties are now in our constitution . 
  our government is bound by our constitution which now includes the eu treaties . 
  constitution change would require a referendum . 
   did ireland consul the uk before the eu referendums ? 
  did the uk government consult their electorate before ratifying eu treaties on their behalf ? 
  we 've ratified eu law into our constitution . 
  once the uk leaves our domestic laws will be rectified to reflect this . 
  common travel wo n't be affected . 
  come fish and have the craic but you ca n't work . 
  were n't the manchester and canary wharf bombs produced in the uk ? 
  it 's not a matter for the irish government to decide who gets to work in the eu , that has to go through brussels now . 
  anglo-irish talks are now london-brussels . 
  we have occasional immigration checkpoints on the border as it is stopping people using the uk as a backdoor into the republic . 
  as a non eu citizen the only uk residents who 'd be entitled to free access to the republics eu job market will be holder of eu passports . 
  uk citizens and other non eu will have to apply for work visas . 
  the cta while preexisted the eu , it is now superseded by it . 
  if the cta worked the way you suggest then the london banks needing eu access would just relocate in the morning !, 
   this is not going to continue because it is in irish interests . 
  yes , it truly is a money saver . 
  thanks uk !, 
  we 're in the eu , which part of this do you not understand ? 
  you can come work in the eu but you 'll face same visa restrictions that you impose on eu workers going to the uk . 
  there 'll be no more free movement for work . 
  post brexit all the cta just means is you can freely enter for a stag weekend , or to fish on the shannon or surf off the westcoast but that 's it . 
  if you 're one of the 6 million brits eligible for an irish passport then you 're in . 
  grand . 
  we wo n't be stopping anyone from crossing the border . 
  a land border it is so . 
  it will be funny when the leave voters realise that their tax money will funding a northern ireland where everyone is entitled to an eu passport . 
  all those eu citizens getting a free ride on the uk taxpayer . 
  beautiful . 
  open borders can continue , you can still come on stag weekends etc but you 'll be outside the eu job market , northern ireland produce will have to face a customs border of some sort . 
  we have to protect our producers . 
  why would the republic do the uks policing ? 
  you can fuck right off with that . 
  every johnny jihad you create will think we 're your buddy . 
  take your passport control back to the ulster ports and even better , back to britain altogether . 
  ireland was never consulted about such provisions before the uk decided to hold a vote , even anyone is going to compromise it will be the uk . 
  move your passport control back to the ports of northern ireland, 
  we wo n't be doing your policing for you , that would make us a target for the enemies you 've created . 
  nah , anyone an a valid eu document can come and continue up to northern ireland if they want , we wo n't stop them . 
  the cta will still be but uk passport holders wo n't be able to enter the republic eu job market . 
  you 'll be able to come on stag nights or to wreck a stadium though . 
  if it were they would n't have bothered going to london in the first place . 
  you have to remember the last political union ireland was in was n't beneficial for the nation , policies of privation halving the population in half a century . 
  i think we 're happy enough to stay constructive members of a voluntary union . 
  would n't it be quicker just to look for foreign sounding names on the electoral register , like farage , that sounds french !, 
  i only really seen it misunderstood by people not in the schengen area which is understandable really . 
  my understanding is that greece had nearly 1 million documented guest workers when they were complaining of high youth unemployment . 
  but catalan wants to be an eu member in its own right . 
  the uk just wants to dictate to everyone . 
  nah , they 'll keep the name somehow . 
  when ireland and northern ireland became new entities neither retained the st patricks cross on their flags yet it is a constituent part of the union jack . 
  westminster looked at the cost of changing all the flags in the realm to reflect the change but say the cost and said not bothered . 
  are n't the tories going to make brits do those jobs now or lose their dole ? 
  you 'd be ok with brits being treated the same way in the eu then ? 
  for what its worth we completely support your exercise in democracy , carry on . 
  it will . 
  it 's good you bring up the napoleon . 
  back then britain had a growing global trade empire that would peak a century later , it was on the up . 
  now it 's hubristically expecting to dictate global trade in its favour with none of the leverage it had when it ruled the waves . 
  its global economic significance has significantly dwindled as the world also industrialised but its aspirations of controlling trade are unchanged . 
  who was saying it was ? 
  do n't worry , mexico will stand in for a while until we help the remain voters cut channels to cut themselves off from leave constituencies . 
  the ops post is in relation to the eu . 
  obviously he 'll set a filter that blocks out all eu members of r/europe . 
  so what , bankers have been jailed in the eu too . 
  you 're not seated at the table , you 're on the menu . 
  so some one feels how unwelcome eu expats feel in the uk . 
  i 'm sitting on it right now , ouch . 
  true , brits buy and sell as much as they want domestically , like a closed economy . 
  averaged out each eu member will lose 5 % of their export market , an emergency fund can organised for short term loss . 
  the uk would lose 50 % but that 's alright because sovereignty you know . 
  well in fairness when you stick your arse out you 're going to get fucked . 
  it would agree except even europeans of all skin tones in the uk are called immigrants . 
  it seems to be more a british term used to condescend against everyone else . 
  well i 've friends who moved to spain to set up businesses there and they certainly do n't consider themselves expats . 
  it 's a bit vacuous to dismiss spain as merely a get wasted destination . 
  are you saying all work in spain is seasonal and that 's there 's now careers to be made there ? 
  cash out before negotiations over market access and tariffs affect the ftse 100 companies , put money aside while property slides as foreign investors sell out , then buy yourself a really nice gaff when the market bottoms and everyone is in the dumps .
