  thanks for that . 
  now norway 's fish produce is being undercut by eu providers so the advantage of being outside is n't as pertinent . 
  fair enough . 
  what concessions were the uk granted in return for fishing rights ? 
  dislike , bemusement , indifference but as an outsider i must respect the state institutions of a host nation when i 'm working there . 
  i just bite my lip when i encounter royal enthusiasts . 
  well if you had read my post properly then you would n't have descended down the rabbithole . 
  btw i 've met a lot brits both young and old who take the whole royals thing deadly serious . 
  also some of the most vehement anti-royals i 've met have been english !, 
  germany does almost twice as much trade with the usa than the uk does , and they do it from within the eurozone !, 
  has n't stopped the brits locking up irish people without proof . 
  birmingham six , guilford four . 
  reread the posts you 've responded to and you 'll see i stated that where i 'm from the head of state was not a hereditary title like the uk . 
  ceremonial as it may be it is still legally the head of state . 
  if the queen is n't the head of state for the uk then who is ? 
  you can be arrested for treason in the uk if you attempt to alter the established line of succession , that 's in your law . 
  i was talking specifically about the uk head of state being a hereditary title unless i missed the switch to an xfactor type transition of power . 
  well at least you can confirm the uk has n't . 
  have the stock market open an hour before everyone else 's normal day begins . 
  well the paper industry taking a hit would explain a huge amount of the structural unemployment . 
  it 's the same in ireland after the property bubble burst , loads of unemployed building tradespeople living in places where there 's no demand for their skills . 
  on the phone in work !, 
  your queen will set her corgi 's on you if you caught . 
  back to the grind peasant . 
  if you grew up in it it 's not alien . 
  but having not grown up in it i just think hereditary power is just an anachronism . 
  i was working with a aussie who was getting upset that scotland was having a vote to leave while there was a royal baby on the way !, 
  and she 's not alone . 
  unless i 'm mistaken the majority of humanity has actually moved on from hereditary power and the holdouts are the exception . 
  in the uk not everyone can be born to be head of state , they 've a one in almost 70 million chance . 
  you know what i 'm referring to , right ? 
  well could you be specific on what you imagine their counterarguments would be . 
  specifics seem to be the one thing the leave campaign want to highlight . 
  well a start normally people who run for any office have a belief in their own opinions , otherwise they 're reading from a script . 
  it 's belief that differentiates the candidates . 
  however there are exceptions , for example the head of state for the uk has to merely win the lottery of life . 
  i was referring more the extent of the fishing zones . 
  plus if scotland joins the eu separately then that reduces the catchment area further . 
  norway 's once dominant salmon production is facing growing competition from poland which is in the eu . 
  no great advantage really by being out of the eu . 
  hey , do you even need elected leaders ? 
  brexit seems to be driven more by emotion than any real argument . 
  farage does n't even have a seat yet is leading the charge !, 
  perhaps after brexit , england could spare scotland an expense by having a unionexit vote . 
  btw you wo n't be able to fob off the unionists in northern ireland without a backlash from them . 
  that would get interesting , especially with ireland hemming you in . 
  the premiership has been excellently marketed around the world since its inception . 
  clubs have realised that merchandising is worth pursuing in the far east and the big teams send their squads on publicity tours there . 
  i remember traveling in burma and seeing entire villages gather around one big tv to watch a premiership game being relayed by the state broadcaster . 
  however other the italian and spanish leagues have a far greater following in latin american . 
  however the english experiment can be replicated and china is the one to watch as a future destination for the best players . 
  the impression i got from coverage of the calais camps is that the migrants mostly come from former parts of the british empire and had english but no other eu language . 
  their link is with their former colonialist . 
  you 'd have to replace eu regional funding . 
  the uk could cease to exist if scotland leaves to join the eu on its own . 
  the eu has n't hindered the uks closeness to saudi arabia so no big difference would be attained by brexit . 
  jimmy savill , dublin monaghan bombings ... . . 
  thank you donald . 
  how impacted will the uk 's economic strength be outside of europe . 
  germany has double the uk 's trade with china and they do that from within the eurozone . 
  yeah , the uk should get cosier with saudi arabia . 
  this highlights the uk long term mindset that 's been formed over centuries of apartness form the continent . 
  that worked when the uk had an alternative outlet in empire but now those former colonies are forming their own trade blocs that many in the leave campaign think are no obstacle to rejoining . 
  so anything not in europe is n't worthy of consideration . 
  i suppose you still think ireland is part of the uk and not europe . 
  do go on . 
  well we 've zero guilt about our brexit . 
  well we do n't have the baggage of empire , that 's certain . 
  oh so it did n't happen then , sorry about that . 
  carry on being exemplar amongst nations . 
  regards to the corgis . 
   uk only ever got involved if its position or independence was threatened . 
  whenever its empire is threatened , an empire that spanned the globe and subdued many nations and peoples for profit . 
  that has n't been forgotten . 
  well we 'll be marking 100 years since the rising against the empire . 
  it was real for us . 
  no you go , i 've got money riding on brexit . 
  actually i think the uk holds the record for having attacked the most nations . 
  the rivalry of empires . 
  i 'm irish and there 's plenty of irish accents i find hard to understand . 
  it 's a mixed bag really , you can a very comfortable life here . 
  no doubt the recent property bubble mania was a spectacular own goal but if you did n't get caught up in it you 're doing fine . 
  know lots of europeans living here who would n't give it up for the world . 
  i guess i 'd have to walk in their shoes to truly understand . 
  the big negative in the consistently unpredictable weather . 
  ever few years i 've got to get out of here for a break from that . 
  who ? 
  true story , called helpline for printer default , put through to helpline in some part of england . 
  i had to ask where she was as i could barely understand her accent , somewhere up north i believe . 
  she then put me through to the technical department and i could understand him perfectly . 
  i asked where he was , the netherlands !, 
  most people claiming asylum arrive by plane . 
  actually real energy demand across europe is in decline . 
  also remember the huge lng containers constructed in last decade are a serious rival to fixed delivery . 
  lng market is overloaded , future projects being shelved , russia needs buyers more than europe needs suppliers . 
  i agree , the eu is dealing with the consequences of other non-syrian involvement . 
  this needs to be addressed unequivocally . 
   also we did not start the civil war in syria , their population did that on their own the revolt against assad though has be more recently helped by us resources and training in jordan , plus the isis forces are mostly equiped with us weaponry and transport seized from the iraqi army . 
  my point being that 's it 's not just a two sided civil war like elsewhere in the arab spring , there 's an international element that prolongs and spreads the conflict . 
  aerlingus is national carrier but i swear by ryanair .
