  the uk does not have a monopoly on failed banks . 
  control but the same wage growth as greece over the last decade , no wonder people are angry . 
  devaluation may be politically expedient but is also a disincentive to complete . 
  but what rbs , llyods and northern rock are uk based . 
  are you suggesting sterling is also doomed ? 
  i 've seen tills on the border with both currencies mixed together , i guess cashiers get really good at balancing the two . 
  i think the only advantage of sterling is that decreased purchasing power is easier to hide in a devalued currency . 
  i 'm certainty seeing prices creeping up in the uk . 
  yeah , i actually got a shilling coin as a 5c in change when recently in australia . 
  no , the real deal . 
  i 'll see if i can find a link later . 
  it was around 2006/7 at the height of the madness . 
  see that 's why i remember being really puzzled in 2004/5 as to where the reported inflation of 4/5 % was as i was n't seeing it the shops . 
  the supermarkets were fighting each other to death but superquinn followed the money and branded itself as the posh shop . 
  the inflation figure was based on increasing mortgage interest repayments so when housing collapsed , so did inflation based wage claims and superquinn . 
  plenty of banks have failed and been let go over the last decade , remember fortis ? 
  i thought the vote was about changing the structure of italian government , changing the dynamic that 's seen over 40 administrations in 60 years , that a change every 1.5 years !, 
  someone could as easily the vote was about fracking but it wasnt . 
  fair enough . 
  but tell me do you remember superquinn selling $ 44 bottles of water ? 
  you only picked up that narrative in 2014 . 
  its been doing the rounds since the bank collapses . 
  thank you . 
  so what 's the answer ? 
  where or how do i pay when passing through germany ? 
  yeah , that 's been likely to happen everyday now since 2002 . 
  that 's not my memory of it anyway although that was widely reported in italy . 
  i guess it depends on the expectation of corruption . 
  if anything in ireland , food , clothes and general prices continued to fall but house prices continued until their inevitable bust in 07/08 . 
  there are as many opportunities for the euro to fail as there are members . 
  however as each individual crisis unfolds it becomes clearer to everyone that blaming the currency is merely a scapegoat . 
  if everyone dropped the euro and devalued their currencies they 'd still be competitively at the same spot but without the combined purchasing power of a large currency . 
  that 's why despite the 5star anti euro vibe , most italians remember the big inflations of the past and they 'll revolt against a reintroduction of the lira . 
  despite their banks problems , italians are pretty cash rich . 
  the greeks knew this too , they 'd just be back to using a hard currency for imports and drachma for pensions . 
   it 's not like we hear any positive stories about it here , ever . 
  i wo n't disagree about the negative press , the euro has been falling since it arrived !, 
  plus i have been asked in the uk how do i change my coins when elsewhere in the eurozone !, 
  i guess when you 're in a currency zone where both northern ireland and scotland have multiple versions of sterling notes and coins that are not always readily accepted in england , i can understand where the skepticism comes from . 
  sorry , i got confused . 
  i thought you meant that the designs had changed since their first outing . 
  plenty of non eu countries are pegged to the euro !, 
  i wo n't be surprised if the mood in the uk reverses next year , especially right after xmas when a50 is all that lies ahead and all the brexiteer promises have come to nought . 
  i did n't know that , i always thought the german design stayed the same . 
  shellings , pence and pounds !, 
  they 're left overs from when currency was linked to metal weight . 
  read about that and you 'll get your answers . 
  alternatively procure a reduced version of the wealth of nations by adam smith and launch yourself on an adventure in economics . 
  which is why the uk will probably never adopt the physical euro but may converge at a late date electronically and no one would be any wiser . 
  i agree . 
  i think a good few of the other countries use a couple of different designs within their individual series . 
  well we free to design alternatives . 
  i have loads of good condition $ 2 easter rising centenary coins , i love it 's design . 
  plus trying to figure out where the other coins come from too is fun . 
  i think every house in ireland got one to help with the change over . 
  the changeover took a month , it was pretty seamless . 
  i think prices were displayed in punts and euros in the months before and after changeover . 
  i was really glad to be finished with the old # coins , they were huge !, 
  [ the irish 50p in this picture was roughly the same as the old uk 50p . 
  ] ( http://www.joelscoins.com/images/irelandset7a.jpg ) euros are much handier , plus we 're probably going to phase out the the 1 and 2c coins , it 's already optional for shops round out change . 
   like i said , i love this !, 
  why would i havea seizure ? 
  if you 're old enough you 'll know that it 's essentially rehashing the old 3p coin . 
  the pensioners are going to love spending these buying icecream on the prom . 
  [ what could have been !, 
  ] ( http://mathcs.albion.edu/~mbollman/ireeuro.jpg ), 
   like seriously , what coutry still uses an heptagonal coin ? 
  australia still clings to the bigger old sized 50p shape for their 50c coin . 
  so if i 'm driving from france to poland through germany where do i pay this tax/toll/charge or what ever it is ? 
  is there a booth , can i pay it online and register my irish license number ? 
  only muslims ? 
  unless of course muslims are the only ones buying the express , sun , mail etc. ... 
  this is why i think the internets impact on the world is only now being understood . 
  from self radicalizing jihadis to the racism of the trump and brexit campaigns , the benefits of hyper connectivity also come with the same legal publishing responsibilities as the press . 
  freedom of speech does not mean impunity to present falsehoods as facts . 
  i always have a rough adjustment when i come back to ireland from abroad . 
  after seeing the poverty and instability in many places around the world it 's hard to explain to people i grew up with how relatively good they have it . 
  the internet allows self publishing so why should n't producers of fake news not be held accountable like existing publications ? 
  was n't the vote on an uncompleted debt agreement and only announced by tispris a week before ? 
  how 's euthenasia working out for you ? 
  if they 're already dollar investment then it makes sense to invest more in the usa companies that will profit from trumps planned spending spree . 
  whether these funds will already be more in a devalued dollar in the term is another question . 
  was the turnout greater than the first election ? 
  but an alternative to a popular vision is an unpopular one . 
  so who wants to offer an unpopular vision ? 
  domino to fall where ? 
  the vote fails and italian democracy is n't restructured , that 's all . 
  spain did n't even a government for most of the last year and that changes nothing beyond spain . 
  at this stage a child having a nose bleed in greece is sold as a eu disintegration story . 
  shit media . 
  the thing is though if the taste of an alternative is n't to your liking will you wo n't have the democratic right to change . 
  democracy is like a sausage , plenty of people like them and want them them but no one wants to see them being made . 
  yeah , when i moved back after a few years abroad i bypassed dublin . 
  the bailed out banks will be let screw the dublin market until they 're out of hock to the government . 
  there 's good options elsewhere in the country if you can get a job . 
  but men also interrupt the reproductive cycle yet only women face a criminal charge . 
  for true equality the biological father of an abortion should share the criminal charge for abortion , the woman did not need an abortion through her actions alone . 
  our reproductive laws puts a penalty on women that does n't apply to men . 
  what the fuck happened the regressive , religious backwater i grew up in ? 
  next we 'll letting women control their own reproductive system !,
