  but the perception that the uk had no choice and no say in that instance was false . 
  there 's been decades of this so brexit really should n't come as a surprise . 
  now that the uk voter has given their government the mandate of sovereignty over economy they can no longer use the eu as scapegoat for not acting on their voters wishes . 
  next week on pbs we look at how you 're a thousand times more likely to die from a legally held fire arm in the usa than by an act of terrorism . 
  the problem as i see is that successive uk governments have used the eu as a scapegoat for their own failures . 
  in the present context it 's overlooked that germany and france restricted migration from the new members after 2004 but the uk did n't however now the narrative is that the uk was powerless to do anything . 
  lies . 
  now given the chance the voters believing all the scapegoat stories about the eu have voted themselves out of an organisation that they were not powerless in . 
  that was the eec . 
  you mean the eu that the uk was part of creating ? 
  the swiss finance services have to set up offices in each eu country they operate in whereas uk based can access the whole eu market . 
  its become an annual event , eu nation meltdown . 
  but the ez does have price stability . 
  glad my savings area in euros . 
  well in the uk they rob you every time they devalue their currency . 
  well the uk 's currency depreciated by 20 % against the dollar since june so wages there are down . 
  ireland uses the euro currency and has apple offices there . 
  i 'd advise you look at the individual uk and ireland subreddits for more details . 
  a usa passport does n't give you freedom of movement in the eu and if you end up naturalizing in the uk that may not give free access either after brexit . 
  to put this way raising kids in ireland means they 'll have access to free education in the eu whereas they may not if they grow up in the uk where university is expensive . 
  if you 're not an idealist in your 20s you have no heart . 
  if you 're still an idealist in your 30 you have no head . 
  ah here , border poll is out of the question until we see the price tag . 
  plus we 'd want to be convinced the unionists want to make a go of making the region sustainable . 
  you did n't read the eu directive on trash cans in kitchens ? 
  it was the one that launched ukip . 
  the uk is leaving the eu , ireland is n't . 
  would being in the eu be a priority for you ? 
  well italy is still cash rich and there 's still a lot italian secret cash diverted abroad in swiss banks and london property , this type of evasion will hurt the economy no matter what currency you use so blaming the euro is useless . 
  for comparison we in ireland could n't blame italy and the rest of the eu for bankrupting ourselves by borrowing to build more houses than we needed . 
  what are the unique problems italy faces ? 
  induced inflation through currency devaluation , while handy as a short term political fix for overborrowed governments , is only ever a transitory solution and savers have their cash devalued , as savers in the uk are discovering now . 
  it 's essentially a tax on savings and as most people in the eurozone are savers rather than borrowers devaluation is as present politically unacceptable . 
  despite the warnings of troubles in the eu banking sector what is constantly overlooked is that a huge amount of the zones money is in private banking . 
  [ very recently the entire capitalisation of the australian banking sector valued at more than the entire eurozone banking sector !, 
  ] ( http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/ob-ue361_chart_dv_20120814213940.jpg ) the of fate public traded banking in the eurozone is not a true reflection of the currencies health . 
  i presume so but there 's a second measure in the uk to the standard cpi , ca n't remember what its called though . 
  i agree which is why i do n't believe for a second that the eu is not responsible for the unsustainable practice of greek politics lavishing high wages for early retirement . 
  indeed but sterling deflation is an outlier to the tend elsewhere . 
  where are the inflation readings coming from ? 
  lol !, 
  the truth is an ever moving mark . 
  who appoints the people who appoint the third party ? 
  a fourth party ? 
  of course the greek people believe outsiders ca n't be trusted so eu help is out of the question . 
  but the greece crisis was n't about bailing out banks , it was bailing out the greek government who borrowed to pay massive public service wage bills . 
  the comfortable middle class did just fine . 
  anyway , want to know who controls greece then look at who they do n't tax . 
  then outlaw political parties . 
  bring athenian democracy back to its purest form , every item to be voted upon by the polis . 
  there blame can be appropriated without contradiction on the voters who passed decrees that brought failure . 
  pure democracy . 
   very low unemployment . 
  what 's this working poor we hear so much about ? 
  tell that the motorist filling up at the pump , the rise they 're seeing is filtering into the economy . 
  so if greece is suffering under bankers it can outlaw bankers after it 's released itself from the eu shackles . 
  it 's a democracy and if it chooses to it can outlaw credit making . 
  it 's greeces choice . 
  they really should man up and follow the uks nationalistic route . 
  they 've got olives , they wo n't starve . 
  but they even offered greece a debt break , a time out . 
  the debt can be retired if greece drops out . 
  that would go down well with voters as it would be seen as avoiding future greek bailouts . 
  greece was free to leave . 
  pretending its a choiceless slave only creates more mistrust . 
  at least the uk has the self respect to accept the financial consequences of leaving the eu , greece should look there for example . 
  the method of exchange may be easier now but that does n't allow a level playing field for competition within a traiff free trade union . 
  to compensate all governments would have to raise tariffs to protect themselves from eachother . 
  the electoral expectation of borrow and depreciate will only drive up sovereign borrowing costs . 
  end their suffering and cut them loose from their commitments to their fellow eu members . 
  it 's a voluntary union , write off their debt and let them go . 
  the bigger they are the harder they fall . 
  watching on the sidelines as the uk heads past 6th towards 7th when parity occurs . 
  i must admit i am ignorant of isolationist economics but i 'm sure the uk will provide an excellent example in how to be a first tier leader . 
  it 's horrible when you meet someone who actually believes it 's true . 
  makes you feel dirty . 
  the thing is though that after 08 we 're kinda braced for the impact , shopping in ni will be cheap for about 10-16 months before inflation which kicks in , plus back then i think they dropped vat for a while too . 
  on-line retailers know it too and are better placed to increase their short term profit , but again it 's all a process . 
  maths was n't your strong suit . 
  never mind , you 've got your sovereignty . 
  now there 's a field of mushrooms that need to be picked for export to ireland , hurry up peasant . 
  `` tonight on brexit 's got talent boris is going to play rock , paper , scissors with himself in a mirror '', 
   the uk is rapidly becoming poorer . 
  with sterling plunging to lows not seen since the early years of queen victoria , its costs are soaring . 
  so now louis walsh just has to trawl the endless supply of wanttobes for a new act to launch `` let 's party like it 's 1899 ! '', 
  in all seriousness at least the government had been discussing potential impacts of a brexit right up to the vote while its proponents were giggling away on happy gas . 
   everyone will be waiting for the next time the uk decides to just tear up the laws again and will negotiate with that in mind . 
  very good point . 
  even if brexit stalls in the near term , there 's still the doubt that the isolationist threat wo n't reemerge in another decade and big industrials like motor companies think in decades . 
  the eu ca n't change the irish constitution , it has to be by national referendum . 
  but you do highlight that post brexit under the terms of the good friday agreement eligibility for eu citizen is available on the entire island of ireland . 
  the republic is not going to stop other eu nationals from entering northern ireland so if the uk want to control eu movement they 'll have to bring their immigration checkpoints back to the ports . 
  uk products caught crossing the border without proper eu import clearance will be seized . 
  yeah , i was in newry recently and that poor town desperately needs something positive . 
  i read that in real economic terms it was the worst hit town on the whole island after 08 . 
  sterling might give it a lift for now but they know these things are only ever transitory , petrol stations regularly close and open on which ever side of the border is most profitable . 
  it 's hard to attract and keep investment with such changeable conditions . 
  officially or unofficially ? 
  if only you could see the anti-eu headlines the british tabloids publish . 
  a recent daily mail headline told brits that `` patients could be at risk from eu doctors '' .
