  on the other hand in peru drivers are certain of an afterlife . 
  well at least we 're going socially . 
  i rather that than american style gun death . 
  is n't that cultural interference though ? 
  blackpool . 
  no need for torture , the stench of desperation will have anyone begging to leave . 
  most things that get put to a vote have already undergone maximum compromise in the discussion phase to try to reach a unanimous consensus . 
  now the uk wont be part in shaping the discussion of issues that they 'll have to accept to trade with europe . 
  they 've surrendered sovereignty . 
  happy 1776 brexit day . 
  mad , when i left ireland it was 15 % unemployment but when i came back a few years ago it had halved and there 's still loads returning that left during the recession . 
  that property bubble was such bullshit . 
  irish was widespread until gaelic culture was wiped out by british starvation policies which culminated in an gorta mor in the 1840s . 
  a terrorised gaelic populace stopped using irish in front of their children and english was adopted but not learned . 
  you ca n't take an occupiers language into your heart . 
  the big difference between welsh and irish is that most irish speakers were illiterate whereas the welsh had a written tradition going back to the henrician reformation . 
  it was actually tried in the schools in early days of independence but the problem was too few were fluent enough to teach it correctly and the compelling of it on people was too reminiscent of british rule . 
  i 've seen them smashed on vodka before they even get the boarding gate for the plane to spain !, 
  i do n't think price is the issue . 
  of the uneconomical farmers that are the last generation farming the fathers land . 
  then there 's the non subsidy farming activity that 's growing in the others wake . 
  same in france . 
  cap is pretty much not a thing anymore , expect in northern ireland maybe . 
  ah playing doom , fond memories . 
  i never got into gaming after that , i felt i had peaked too soon . 
  no surprise when 4/5 of production is for the continent . 
  plenty of new production lines opening in eastern europe i 'd imagine . 
  the australian car industry would have been gone years ago if it were n't protected by import tariffs . 
  i think towards the end the only car they were export were the high powered falcons to the middle east but that demand dropped off in recent years . 
  ten financial internationals are moving their eu operations out of london for dublin . 
  they recruiting eu staff from scratch so they wo n't be stuck with staff who do n't have freedom of movement . 
  they were made optional for vendors in ireland and i was getting used to seeing fewer , then i moved to the uk and they 're using massive 2p pieces !, 
  they 're ruining my pockets !, 
  knowing how some asians are superstitious about the number 8 i reckon many want some for luck !, 
  well i 've travelled in the usa a bit , lived in ny for a short stint but i generally found people outside the main cities pretty friendly . 
  maybe after trump is gone i might make a return visit . 
  years ago in jfk airport i was waiting in the queue to check and got chatting to a nice couple who were on their first trip to ireland and were looking to find relatives in a particular area . 
  anyway i knew a fella further up the queue who was from that area with the same surname so i got him down to us for a quick chat and pretty quickly they found a few common ancestors . 
  i could see they were really blown by this whereas my friend and i were used to people looking for the auld ancestral links . 
  another time i got talking with this american on the street in my hometown and he had a tshirt with his surname and heraldry crest on it . 
  we were generally chatting about touristy recommendations and just as i was leaving i told him to check out our ancestral tomb a few kilometres away . 
  he had this look of wtf on his face , he 'd just found out there was an ancestral tomb and he was chatting with a relative !, 
  i can still see his dropped mouth as i left him . 
  well for many irish , new york and boston are just the nearest parishes west . 
  yeah , a backlash against anti-eu isolationists . 
  he 's a professional groupie , he sleeps with the musician !, 
  no it 's not . 
  i 'm in north england right now and june my arse , more like a mild february !, 
  would you prefer we all stay quiet and watch the uk hobble itself ? 
  seriously wtf is with the apathy ? 
  when do people in the uk actually really get mad ? 
  you know what , you 're right . 
  falling standards and international fees in the uk will only make more eu citizens come . 
  its so logical . 
  actually when it comes to university performance what is often overlooked is that ireland and many eu nations have higher university attainment rates . 
  what good are the world ranking unis to the society if they 're essentially finishing schools for the already globally wealthy who mostly return to their respective countries . 
  you 're valuing these unis as businesses and not as wealth generators for the broad society . 
  education is a social necessity whereas the uk treats it as a privilege . 
  it 's entirely arse-ended . 
   ( although that may improve once they can charge eu students and afford more places for scots ) unless you 've been living under a rock uk uni 's are n't going to be attracting eu students . 
  in my wife 's medical science related field the withdrawal of eu partnerships is sending the entire research program towards the eu . 
  there 's been a big drive to attract middleeast international students just to keep the lights on for english students and already admin acknowledge they 'll have to lower their standards just to get these international cash students through the entrance tests . 
  the eu is not responsible for the uk 's domestic failings . 
  both ireland and sweden opened their labour markets at the same time as the uk but only the uk has seen a nativist backlash . 
  the difference is that both sweden and ireland invest in their own nations workforce through free uni etc whereas the uk does n't , betraying its own population . 
  that 's entirely a uk problem . 
  the new working poor is a recession , its a material regression in living standards that 's been hidden in multiple devaluations . 
  we 'll be fine said the frog as the water boiled . 
  victory from jaws of defeat ? 
  its not 1900 , the world is not going to realign to suit the uk . 
  may shouted hard brexit while corbyn whispered it but many young people i know voted labour believing it meant soft brexit . 
  it feels like we 're only in phase one of collapse with another election to deliver phase two . 
  he grew up in northern ireland which is n't in the eurozone and has probably been exposed to too much murdoch media . 
  well you 're pretty forthright with your sermonizing about the eurozone . 
  so you 're in the stifling zone , tell me why is it that the uk has seen wage growth as low as greece , which is pretty damning considering the disparity between employment rates . 
  well you could always move to the uk where they 're going to print their way out of austerity !, 
  we 're at an age where we wanted to settle for a while and we had the move to the uk for my wife 's career planned for a few years . 
  now its all up in the air because of brexit , her science related job has already canvassed all eu staff about relocating to the eu in the coming years , some have already left so settling down put off for another while . 
  well better pay and conditions are certainly a draw for leaving the uk now . 
  those who were settled before the brexit vote can be rightly unsettled by diminishing prospects . 
  we had committed to a move to the uk before the vote so we 'll see out the contract but without our income in euros its pointless staying . 
  it certainly is an excellent option if your income is in euros , my rent has reduced along with the pounds slide . 
  mortgages are n't mandatory . 
  actually renting in the current clime is the better financial option . 
  wow , france , spain and england are n't all the same !, 
  import inflation is eroding your purchasing power . 
  the only major area i 've had a lasting advantage with a euro income is in rent . 
  fuck that . 
  why would anyone stay in a job that 's seen 15 % drop in purchasing power in one year and there 's more to come . 
  i wo n't be surprised if the pound weakens past euro parity in the next year . 
  the monetary argument against staying increases daily . 
  i 've never actually encountered patrick as a surname . 
  right , i have to be off now to impregnate mis o'donnell in number 12 . 
  there was a mouthy yank in the local who broadcast more than talked , to shut him we told him we 'd all converted to islam after 9/11 . 
  the fat fuck waddled off quickly . 
  the worst part ? 
  seems pretty normal there , i 've seen cars with ads in the uk like `` sick on holidays ? 
  ring us and you could be entitled to cash ! '', 
  i reckon all in packages wo n't be offered to uk tourists in the future . 
  everytime time the pound devalues severely like in 08 and this year eu producers to the uk take a hit anyway so they 're well used to a uk volatile market .
