  all failed eu asylum seekers will now have a second chance of saying in europe by applying in the separate uk system . 
  ireland and france are not going to stop that . 
  then there 's the long game . 
  a hard border is actually in irelands long term interest . 
  want to know more ? 
  someone put up a survey recently where more than half of english people see themselves as british first and english second . 
  the republic already have customs checks along the border . 
  the uk has n't had since the military instillations came down with the peace process . 
  obviously ireland is not going to do uks immigration control for them so unless the uk acts then the land border will become the backdoor into britain . 
  so greece blame us in the eu instead of take responsibility for the corrupt government they elected . 
  thanks . 
  why did the greek elect a government to mislead everyone else in the eu ? 
   but it wont get any better without eu at this point . 
  i do n't understand . 
  if the eu are responsible for greek austerity then why do you think it wo n't get better out of the eu ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  he probably thinks the eu is just one big papist conspiracy . 
   i 'd rather no deal than agree to their downright insulting demands . 
  when i read that all i could think of was [ william ulsterman !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxpyw_w5pgo&amp;t=38s ), 
  greece could drop out of the eu . 
   coherent that 's where you 've already floundered . 
  the republic already does selective customs and immigration checks at the border and can ramp that up but if the uk want to make border posts they 'll spend most of their time looking over their shoulder . 
  brexit is the uks problem . 
   dodgy south american corned beef has been consumed for decades in the eu . 
  so certification is n't an issue ? 
  good luck . 
  this conversation is going nowhere . 
  you missing the point . 
  a premium product that faces zero tariff with the uk as an member is becoming less affordable because of decreasing purchasing power . 
  unverifiable argentinian beef is now being imported by tesco for the same reason and if you remember the cjd and foot and mouth outbreaks then you 'd be concerned . 
   you could argue the drop in demand for new zealand produce could be offset by leaving the eu and the tariffs it imposes . 
  the produce in question , venison already has zero tariff with the eu so as it has been widely accepted as a good indication of the uks weakening purchasing power regardless of new tariff regimes . 
  regional economies are cyclical too . 
  when spain and others were doing well germany and france were n't etc. . . 
  uk demand may weaken , as it already has for new zealand produce but there 's still growing markets that can will compensate european producers . 
  i 've bought fresh kiwi fruit from italy and bread from ireland in australia so distance is n't a problem . 
  the rebalancing of uks weaker purchasing power has already begun , tesco have starting importing cheaper argentinian beef for instance . 
  trade does n't suddenly stop . 
  digestible enough for you ? 
  [ appearing on sky news ' murnaghan programme to discuss the possibility of scotland remaining in the eu while the rest of the united kingdom leaves , davis told viewers that `` one of our really challenging issues . 
  will be the internal border we have with southern ireland '' . 
  ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/uk/2016/07/brexit-minister-david-davis-thinks-republic-ireland-part-uk ) nope , he genuinely considered the border in ireland as an internal uk border . 
  wow !, 
  trade is not just going to suddenly stop . 
  from as far away as new zealand suppliers to the uk are reporting that uk demand has dropped because of a weaker pound . 
  they 've no option but to grew their trade elsewhere to compensate for that lost trade . 
  the same applies for all uk trade partners , they 'll compensate by expansion into growing markets in asia , africa and the americas . 
  before the eec the uk accounted for over 80 % of irish exports , now that figure is only 14 % and falling . 
  as you say , money talks . 
   if you want the citizenship of another country , at least pretend it 's because you admire said country and want to be a part of it . 
  he qualifies under a familial line , he 's not buying it in the shop at the airport . 
  both sides ? 
  brexit is the uks problem . 
  like the broken jug in the gift shop , if they brexit they pay for it . 
  i do n't know who supplies the most kiwi fruit but i 've also bought bread produced in ireland but baked in australia . 
  actually i think the fruit is originally from china but the new zealanders branded it the kiwi fruit decades ago . 
  davis is a total tool . 
  when discussing ireland he said he did n't want any more `` internal uk borders '' !, 
  bought a kiwi fruit in an aldi in sydney , australia was grown in italy !, 
   i really like the transposed jazz guitar version we have to have him on the eu brexit team . 
  exactly , we get the ones who are motivated . 
  we do n't need the drogs . 
  that 's terrible . 
  he was an amazing athlete . 
  the uk wo n't come back but parts of it might . 
  yes it 's often overlooked . 
  i know the instinct in ireland has always been to trade beyond the uk because of history obviously but for norway and iceland there must be a growing sense that exposure to a politically volatile uk has to reduced . 
  what you describe happened in the india recently when the 1000 and 500 rupee were announced as no longer legal tender at 8pm one evening without warning , holders had 50 days to change their old notes for new versions with better security features from government banks . 
  the move was aimed at hitting the black market . 
  other countries have done this but sometimes with unintended consequences . 
  because of a superstitious belief in the number nine , a burmese dictator brought in new notes that were divisible by nine , like the 45 and 90 kyat notes and the 100 kyat notes were deemed illegal . 
  people lost so much of their savings that they starting favouring holding other currencies rather than the new series . 
  eventually the usd became the preferred currency . 
  it is also believed that the introduction of the euro drove a massive drive of cash purchases of property throughout the zone as criminal sought to bypass directly having to change their cash hoards with official agencies . 
  the cash from the northern bank robbery are thought to have be laundered in the same way with property purchases in northern england . 
  it was a good while back on reddit , someone had a chart that included eea members exposure to brexit . 
  i was surprised too but i guess with the north sea oil drilling business too there 's probably a lot of overlap between the uk and norway . 
  maybe , norway runs a lot of salmon farms in scotland . 
  i guess it depends on how intertwined all norwegian businesses are with the uk . 
  the country supposedly most affected by a hard brexit is non-eu norway . 
  what you 're got is working perfectly . 
   get your irish born grandparents birth certificate , marriage certificate and death certificate . 
  that 's the problem , many people do n't have paperwork for their irish grandparents or enough information to pin down a birth cert . 
   either way , the laws need to change . 
  in the uk alone , over six million brits are entitled to claim irish citizenship . 
  fucking ridiculous and it needs to change . 
  i 've met a good few brits with irish grandparents who 'd be eligible to apply but they do n't know the pertinent details like where their grandparent was from , what year they were born etc and so ca n't even start the process . 
  at the of the day we 'll get the ones who are motivated and have their shit together . 
  protecting collective interests is revenge ? 
  no negotiations on any aspect could begin before a50 was started and they had to be directly between between the combined 27 and the uk and not between the uk and individual memberstates . 
  a currency changeover can happen in a month , as was the case with many euro conversions so at best retaining the krona is mere tokenism . 
  and the voter will say `` we voted out of the eu so you 've no excuse ! '', 
  as the uk is demonstrating any nation who does n't like the club rules can leave , and even form a new insular club with the uk , although trying to create an anti-club club is an oxymoron . 
  it 's like anarchism , it never succeeds because it can never organise . 
  but will uk voters accept that anymore , especially when they gave uk politicians a mandate to cut loose and put britain first ? 
  wo n't frustration turn internal towards the british political establishment post brexit ? 
  after selling the whole sovereignty regained thing it would seem a betrayal if uk politicians continue to blame outsiders in a `` liberated '' uk . 
   like with hungary and poland ... 
  given up on le pen and 5star then ?
