  i thought monopolies could n't happen under anti trust laws ? 
  well his euro income will end in under two years , no harm making alternative arrangements . 
  when the terrorists that the tories are inviting to power let off bombs they did n't even give advance warning !, 
   but ... the biggest issue of the next election term is brexit and the nuclear fallout that follows . 
  well corbyn actually did very well putting brexit aside and concentrating on issues close to home like policing and the nhs . 
  i think many accept brexit will probably make the uk poorer but they 're more interested in the uk being fairer and i ca n't see anyone in the tories offering anything better . 
  they had their spin and the voters took away their majority . 
  i reckon once you meet the requisite demands of a mobile provider then i do n't see why not . 
  i have phone sims for two different eu nations but i needed proof of residence for both . 
  i do n't think the political will is in the eu to allow the uk rescind a50 without some serious concessions to ensure that the same drama does n't happen again in another generation . 
  all treaties are changeable by unanimous consent . 
  for example if the uk asked the eu to ignore the a50 notification and all agreed then it would be so . 
  however a50 would have to be rewritten to reflect that and in irelands case that would mean a constitutional referendum as eu treaties are written into its constitution . 
  from the guardian piece that your link is based on  the uk will be able to revoke its notification of article 50 but this must be `` subject to conditions set by all eu27 so they can not be used as a procedural device or abused in an attempt to improve the actual terms of the united kingdom 's membership '' . 
  politically a50 could be rewritten to allow the uks exit to be reversed however that would mean a change in the treaties wording and as eu treaties are written into the irish constitution the wording can only be change by constitutional referendum . 
  obviously the irish public will want to know what the uk will do for them if they uk wants to reverse a50 . 
  could you give me links to these opinions ? 
  clause 3 of a50  the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or , failing that , two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2 , unless the european council , in agreement with the member state concerned , unanimously decides to extend this period . 
  an agreement could simply be `` i 'm off , fuck you '' . 
  it is an exit procedure . 
  if you read it you 'd see the two year limit is optional . 
  may could have taken the uk out of the eu back in april when served notice to brussels . 
  if a50 is reversible then its not an exit procedure . 
  besides corbyn says he 's respecting brexit so if there 's a case to made surely it would be well advanced in the ecj at this stage . 
  well for a start there 's an unambiguous time frame in clause 3 of a50 . 
  if a50 is n't binding then none of the treaties are binding . 
  sure eu members could unanimously strike a50 off but in ireland it would require a constitutional referendum . 
  calm bud . 
  eu citizens take their governments to the ecj all the time to make them live up to the eu laws they ratified . 
  for example in the late 80s i think a case was taken against the irish government by an irish citizen to ensure they could n't be stopped from traveling abroad to procure a procedure that was illegal in ireland . 
  i 'd be worried too . 
  may had the brexit crazies under her wing but now she 's crashed her working majority . 
  corbyn ca n't go back on brexit and needs to keep fairness in society front and centre . 
  its a tough call but i reckon he can keep the youth happy with a soft brexit that keeps their eu options open whilst appeasing brexit heartlands with increased funding . 
  it will be a poorer but fairer britain . 
  there 's this thing called the eu ... . . 
  any eu citizen could hold its government to its treaty obligations . 
  the amount of people here who think a50 is reversible is worrying . 
  reentry is covered under the last clause of a50 but the uk would be a new member and have none of its previous optouts . 
  they wanted to establish that brexit was reversible . 
  the greatest irony is that is was only the uk who insisted on the a50 iron tight get out clause in the lisbon treaty . 
  even if all 27 members agreed to change the wording it would require a constitutional referendum in ireland and there 's no guarantee that that will pass . 
  rescinding , like onions is n't covered in the wording . 
  like i said farage could take a case to have the treaty wording upheld . 
  there 's already been a brexit challenge dropped by uk lawyers in another eu jurisdiction . 
  there 's no mention of the price of onions in a50 either but that does n't mean they can be interpreted into it either . 
  nowhere in the wording is there a rescind option . 
  even if all 27 members agreed to drop it , farage could take a case to the ecj to have a50 executed to the letter of the law . 
  we in ireland have been watching the british public experience mental whiplash as they come to terms with what a british loyalist from ulster actually stands for . 
  well if there is a united ireland then these terrorists will be following johnny adair to britain . 
  just a heads up for brits . 
  if in the future there 's a border poll that ends the partition of ireland then it 's very likely that the hard core ulster unionist wo n't want to stay there and will expect britain to accommodate them and their traditions . 
  it was a conflict contained mostly to northern ireland but they did run murder squads and bombing campaigns outside northern ireland too . 
  `` what are the dup '' is this years `` what is the eu '' google search after the brexit vote . 
  45 governments in 60 years . 
  normal i think . 
  our trump is the healy-rae brothers and they their influence only goes so far . 
   call the irish terrorist sympathizers into government . '', 
  the dup identity as british . 
  was it that the conservative vote come first after a majority were split between snp and labour ? 
  well you 'll get kicked out of the orange order for marrying a catholic but not for killing one . 
  orange man in the white house , orange order in the uk government !, 
  around the other side of island there 's a starbucks and a walmart . 
  a tory party that berated corbyn for terrorist sympathies now relying by a terrorist endorsed party !, 
   i could be wrong though if something major happens with labour that upsets people . 
  i think it 's fair to say that most of the media spectrum were hostile to corbyn so mud slinging obviously has n't and wo n't work . 
  even the mail took up royal bashing today !, 
  if corbyn 's labour are to lose popularity it will after they 've had a go in government which could be soon as now with the eu as a whipping boy depleted the tories do n't seem to have anything else to offer . 
  queen has been notified . 
  the dup are now part of the uk government . 
  i think it 's hilarious . 
   again that 's not relevant , just a pot shot at the uk . 
  haha , the dup are the uk government now !, 
  hey , you 've got a party in government who hates non-protestants !, 
  remember you 'll get kicked out of the orange order for marrying a catholic but not for killing one !, 
  the euroscepticism you talk about is actually british exceptionalism and has nothing to do with left/right politics . 
  another election may only be months away . 
  lol !, 
  this will make you laugh , dup demands london will now be called londonderry !, 
  the bonfire on downing street is going to be massive !, 
  irish isles has a better ring . 
  of course nothing political in that term , it 's purely a geographical term and in no way is an attempt at cultural extirpation . 
  strong , stable and biblical now that they 've got the dup propping up the government . 
  well none of those elections really matter as the negotiations are between appointed teams . 
  the eu is being led by bernier and has been ready i believe since last october . 
  it 's the party who created this situation who 's dragging out the start date . 
  it could have been started now if may had chosen not to call a snap election . 
  regardless any extension has to be approved by all eu members . 
  the problem with becoming reliant on euroskepticism is that when the voters believe you and vote to leave the eu , then they also discover that you 've got nothing to offer post-brexit . 
  she lost the majority . 
   ruth davidson seems a bit miffed i wonder what the dup think about maria gatland ? 
   the uk needs to assume their stance first . 
  weak and wobbly is as good as it gets although you could add wacky too now that the dup are involved !, 
  well operation snap election bought some time , may could have added a week pretending to negotiate with the dup but another election could be organized in the coming months . 
  europe will be gone on holiday from mid july to start of sept , german election taking up the rest of september ... going to have to get inventive after that . 
  maybe the dup could kick off the troubles again by getting may to pull out of the good friday agreement , that could create a state of emergency in which government would be entirely suspended etc. ... 
  rather than try to explain i think the best thing to do is look images of belfast bonfires to understand the loathing some of them have for all things irish . 
  uk bible belters . 
  they put padlocks on swings in playgrounds on sundays to keep the sabbath holy . 
  uk bible belt .
