  the response of the us senator `` we need to get the internet under control '' . 
  our media is also molded to be ` under control ' . 
  and i dont think our freedoms are that safe either . 
  i * was * sent to kill hartler dammit , i * did * change history . 
  i * can not believe * that they 'd spend all that effort sending me to the past to just not believe me when i came back successful . 
  just because the names are similar . . 
  if they 'd just believe me , they 'd send someone to stop me from killing hartler . 
  as wwii was so much worse than the second great depression . 
  alas , they dont even believe hartler is of importance . 
   if the money is withheld , mr. orban might portray the european union as a bully . 
  * whatever * . 
  i mean , reality counts for little . 
  most politically motivated ^ \\* critics of the eu criticize things that are * not * the problem with the eu . 
  also , does ` the deal ' to join the eu not have basic requirements on freedom of the press et al ? 
  for its faults , lets not have weakness be one of them . . 
  especially when it is not a dubious case . . 
  shame all this work , but still i have trouble to infact connect all the dots . . why did they paint it over partially ? 
  and those pictures , i dont know what i am seeing well enough . 
  believe tools to help do this would be useful . 
  and not web stuff because that is wide open to manipulation . . for instance : * basically maps like google maps . 
  weather conditions over time . 
  * locating the position and time of pictures . 
  * items you can identify . 
  basically , if you find an identical item you can mark it as the same . 
  + 3d models where you can put markings on and then you overlay it over the picture to see if there is a relative location ( and zoom ) where the two match . 
  of course this should not be used to actually spy on fellow citizens . . 
  i doubt aliens need it , but if you look at colonyism and imperialism , and oft-used strategy is to divide and conquer . 
  and some societies still have those divisions . 
  i killed hartler , actually . 
  you forgot about sarcastic repeating what we would imagine russian propaganda to be , despite us not looking at actual russian propaganda much . 
  this is nice for reassuring east block countries . 
  but other than adding more pressure , because russia wants * less * nato in its borders , not more , it doesnt do much for ukraine ... and i do think the ethically positive thing is to do something ^ \\* , and we cant have russian leaders believing they can just invade countries . . because 1 ) nato&e urope doesnt want to directly fight war in ukraine , and 2 ) the nature of russia being a nuclear power makes this potentially dangerous , well , as politicians have said , there is no military solution . 
  meaning : we want russia ^ \\* to back off . 
  but the russian establishment then needs a place to retreat to . 
  thats the problem with just applying sanctions , by itself it might not be interests of russians establishment . 
  i dont know what a good strategy is , to be honest . 
  turning russian-bordering countries into nato-pacted , ( not nato ) might alleviate the broken promise of moving nato eastward , and acknowledge russia is not allowed to invade them . 
  might also need some deal about fairness of trade . . maybe / r/europe could use a ` russia ( situation ) experts weigh in ' thread . 
  \\* are edits . . omision of the word russia particularly bad . . 
  note : still the same map at the end , much doubt things didnt change . 
  think it is outdated . 
  ` physically ' pushing russia back is costly , basically we want russia to back off . 
  sanctions and such are basically tactics to push russia to take that deal . 
  clearness of the deal is one thing that should be achievable without actually compromising on that deal . 
  though maybe some ` pull back ' could be warranted i dont think we really are better off nato bases in russia-bordering countries . 
  ( though building them now can be part of pressuring russia , just have it clear that they can be removed again ) the risk of that deal not being clear enough is that russia just pushes back , and its own self-narrative hardens too . . btw , really , on the one hand , i realize i am not ` well learned enough ' . 
  there might be obstacles against this . . 
  is the eus position clear enough on this ? 
  russia has to know what situation it will be in if it retreats . 
  if this is a wake-up call because of lack of taking russia seriously enough , this is not an acceptable way to do it , and something should be done to prevent it from happening again . 
  even if it doesnt work . . 
  it would be nice to see that it has been given the best possible chance . 
  its about sending * and * receiving , just receiving doesnt affect the russian public . 
  ... we were just talking about how to raise awareness on propaganda and connect people on the internet more closely to weaken its effects , and you come with something that is ** completely ** passive . 
  also , by just reading rt in english , you dont know what it broadcasts in russian . 
  to be honest , i just inferred from reading that ukraine gave up its nuke , sending it back to russia . 
  ( not long after ussr fall ) apparently , also , at least [ belarus , and kazakhstan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lisbon_protocol ), 
   * raise awareness and deliver truth to people that are still in the grip of russian propaganda a list of websites might be useful , probably will have to know russian : / unfortunately possibly most are i have other things to do , nor do i know russian ) btw , this is a a * general thing * , the internet needs to be more united . 
  would be better if this was established * before * problems arise . . 
  there are * always * multiple cultures in a society . 
  and the only way they aught to be limited is where they affect people . 
  this involves the law , but i think it involves more . 
  i mean , giving less chances to women or downright setting rules against them shouldnt be accepted as ` just their culture ' . 
  nor should hypocrit attitudes like `` men can fuck around , women have to wait for marriage '' . 
  ( unless only gay sex is allowed , lol ) however , i wonder if the level of tolerance deserves the name ` multiculturalism ' . 
  maybe we should call it just ... you know , a society with freedoms . 
  quite disturbing how many people say stuff apparently completely unaware about the cold war . 
  look at the cold war , many east block states had nuclear weapons . 
  most nuclear bombs come with security measures requiring authorization , that take a lot of taking apart to circumvent . 
  ( unfortunately i forgot the name . . ), 
  same could be said about the ussr before it fell ? 
  [ andrei piontkovsky seems to think there is another failure mode . . ] ( http://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/la-naus-e-russe ), 
  sure , the eu has not sufficiently lived up to promises and isnt considerate enough about expansions . 
  ( infact my suggestion basically addresses it a bit ) maybe the cia even has some involvement in ukraine . 
  but there were also massive actual protests , putin is actually an ass and there are actual elements seeking ussr ` grandeur ' in expansionist style . 
  and russia is not exactly a free country anymore . 
  and this hurts security of us all . 
  video seems removed . 
  but how does * vandalism * make them scary ?? 
  why ? 
  total war still means  80 % death rate in russia and nato , if not worldwide . 
  i dont think ` stopping russia ' , is an option . 
  if it were just conventional forces , they could probably do , but you dont know at what point russia will stop intensifying the conflict . 
  the cost could be high , and some sources seem to imply single nuke strikes unfortunately * dont * seem entirely off the table for russia . 
  making them choose to stop is a better option . 
  i dont know that much , and this wont be very refined . . one idea is to decrease nato involvement in russia-bordering countries to merely a defense-pact with nato . 
  also , the eu involvement with those countries could be stopped , any further developments should be on equal footing with russia 's ability to trade . 
  putin could take this as his victory , a way out for their egos and narrative . 
  that would be our side of the deal , their side is that they fuck off out ukraine , and stay out all of those countries . 
  i suppose you could ask to not try corrupt or push political forces , but that is hard to check , i think . 
  but if the politics is ultimately restricted by an agreement , that guarantees something for both parties . 
  this will possibly be bad for those countries economically . 
  it is an accepted consequence . 
  ( yeah this is just my dumb idea . ), 
  i tend to agree . 
  i dont think it excuses russian actions , but the characteristics of the russian establishment are matter-a-fact . 
  wonder where that andrei piontkovsky article is . 
  that quite sounds worrying . 
  dont want to assume he is actually right either . 
  [ this article of his ] ( http://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/la-naus-e-russe ) seems to imply that the current establishment in russia isnt as well seated as apparent .
