  that said , i dont have that much trust we 'll do really do much better with the eu than the us . 
  tbh seems overconfident , is the lobby industry under control in the eu ? 
  true , but irrelevant in this context . 
  for all intents and purposes here solar and geothermal power are sustainable . 
  the department of destroying the constitution and trust in the system started it ... by now , it is in our interest to finish the obliteration of the word . 
  dont trivialize statistics you wanker . 
  if i am ever in car with you i am going to whine about every centimeter it moves , and crash it into the tree . 
  but i will keep you from trivializing those centimeters !, 
  did the us have ' a respectable army ' before wwii ? 
  and what about the arms races before wwi ? 
  having ` respectable armies ' may not be worth its side-effects . 
  btw , its not like the us could decrease its army if it wanted too . 
  ever heard of the military-industrial complex ? 
  they dont need dns for instance i think . . edit : really hmm this takes a deeper look to say . 
  i mean how can these standards be abused ? 
  dns is perhaps merely the most obvious . . 
  anyway , of course the minimum is one of the basic protocols of the internet . 
  counterexamples : tor , freenet , i2p whatever . 
  its not that complex that relatively small groups cant make make it work . 
  luckily !, 
  really , damn near * nothing * is that complex . 
  its the arrogance of authority and organizations , its just some people in there with the knowledge . 
  w3c may be the organization to smoothe it out , but ultimately the browsers have the power to steer html . 
  ( and by extension users of the browsers ) there is a hypothesis about that you cant have all three of decentralization , easy names , and privacy . 
  ( forgot the specifics , where is that wiki page . . ) tor , freenet dont have neat domain names . 
  but not sure how much it matters . 
  i suppose you could add a name suggestion to html , the browser could automatically list names with public keys . 
  at the cost of more browsing history , though the user might manage it . 
  i would say it is better to weigh the considerable ( wild understandment ) ( potential ) costs of a civil war . 
  sucking it up might even be on the table , depending on the stability of the regime , resolve of the peopel . 
  what sort of social control does the government have over the military and police ? 
  i mean if that can be broken , and the government can simply be deposed . 
  any resistance will already have broken off part of their troops . 
  throwing rocks at police isnt exactly conducive to this . 
  it doesnt affect the right people . 
   i 'd like to see the european union take a turn to the left in their economic policy and i do think that this election could change that . 
  the eu ` taking a left/right turn ' kindah implies forcing the members to do the same . 
  i dont feel like i should decide that about , say , spain . 
  i prefer a more hands off eu interested more in security ( food , defense , electronic , against corporate domination ) diplomacy . . for instance i notice when there is a discussion about the dutch military , the military basically puts itself in the position of providing a service , in peace missions , at least thats what they empathize , but of course they do the same in iraq and afghanistan . 
  of course in large part it is a good thing , i mean , it shouldnt like ` defending european interests ' , but some kind of preparedness . 
  ( and the occasion sandbagging in floods . ) ', 
  i am sorry , but the contention seems a bit academic to me . 
  it is still infact via the eu that those other countries have effect on each other , so to not exactly unfair say ` its the eu ' that diminishes the choice of individual nations , it just lacks a bit of detail . . 
  i dont think anyone who is against te eu feels better from the other explanation , they still dont like the policies for instance . 
  afaik the national are still rather much their own entities . 
  they 're just not as sovereign because the eu whacks them with basically an implicit threat of some sort of exclusion in the internal affairs of eu . 
  that then have effect backwards , if you stay in the union . . or maybe the threat that actually causes the behavior is on the carreers of the politicians . . 
  ending the dutch government wasnt on the table , creating the eu and figuring out the extent of the eu is/was . 
  one of the arguments of the eu is that we have a better bargaining position , i dont see it used to deal with the problems we see , with the financial industry , any of the socialist parties . 
  who do not do or say * anything * about the means of production issue anymore . 
  ( its a real freaking problem ) nor do the efforts and position on nsa spying seem very strong . 
  nor do we push for demilitarizing the us . 
  the numbers in the demonstration only show those who are for/against enough to go to a demonstration . 
   i 'm willing to believe there 's a lot more pro-eu sentiment in moldova than pro-communist sentiment , but : a bit of false dichotomy in there . . 
  personally i am not exactly happy with the eu that much . . 
  i do not like the overly passive approach with regard to the financial industry , and events have leeched trust from me . 
  so you 're saying it is a coincidence . 
  i dont see anything particular to norway here . . 
  well being the ` average ' in a wealthy area might mean we 're doing average - but we got good cards - i.e. 
  we 're playing badly . 
  that said , maybe we just pay a lot of taxes , then the question is , are those spent well ? 
  i have my doubts , but i dont know , really . 
  presumably housing taken into account with purchasing power , i think the netherlands does that rather badly . 
  i kindah doubt that . . [ here is gdp per capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_europe#regional_variation ) , excepting sweden they also have more gdp per capita . 
  the map isnt clear about how much it actually is . 
  [ gdp per capita around the same time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_europe#regional_variation ) . 
  it is due to taxation i reckon , i am sure we get services back for it , but i wish i knew better how well it is spent ... of course taxes being high is also a bit part due to economic crisis . 
  i kindah feel personal betterment should be in the hand of * persons * . 
  it is annoying that people seem so stupid , i think the origin of the problem is that society doesnt seem to get any better at producing children that * dont * start smoking . 
  but in the netherlands , at least , it seems any sort of idea that people should be better educated seems far away . 
  i am not even mean better educated as in going to schools , but just better at dealing with things , taking facts seriously , socializing . 
  i dont know how you teach that , though . 
  taxes are already vastly increased on substances like cigarettes , and it isnt entirely clear to me smokers actually cost more . 
  i mean , the treatment at dying at 70 from cancer might well be less expensive than living until you 're 90 . 
  ( i dont think that is a nice thing to do to people around you though ), 
  [ here is one ] ( http://www.zorgatlas.nl/beinvloedende-factoren/demografie/groei-en-spreiding/bevolkingsdichtheid-per-gemeente ) clearly not a proxy of population density . 
  looking at the map there is a band of lower population density pretty closely matching sgp voting . 
  who downvotes and why . 
  ( edit : why mostly ) i know it is a eu-made video , but it doesnt really look like propaganda of any bad kind to me . 
  it contains keywords ( to search by ) and [ links ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/digital-agenda/en/connected-continent-single-telecom-market-growth-jobs ) to learn more . 
  if you cant stop stuff like this happening in the tech industry , what hopes do you have for other industries ? 
  luckily it would seem that this approach is pretty much doomed to fail . 
  open source is clearly a different way of doing things that * actually * brings the advantages . 
  ( other than temporary ` advantage ' by stuffing in money ), 
  dont know what you mean , i know his username is ` countvontroll ' , so my reply may be a tad serious . 
  edit : right , sarcasm , i am an idiot . 
  people say they dont trust this . 
  really i think wether or not to trust it should require a bit more research ? 
  it seems likely to be more difficult to track things in a more split up cloud than a monolithic one , so it might be an improvement anyway . 
  i wonder if there has been research on how to allow people to check that a bunch of computers is doing the thing that is advertised . 
  going into the topic without research about it seems like ` winging it ' to me . . ( edit : let alone starting cloud servers that claim to be better ! ), 
  one idea is to have the hardware have ` no state ' , and having the thing the customer wants to do on an sd card , and simply plug that into the hardware . 
  since the hardware didnt have any state , that makes it harder to make it do something else than the developper intended . 
  ( but these computers have to do a lot of database and network shit . . it is over my head . ), 
  really perhaps the zero-day industry is more important to tackle . 
  perhaps they should set up a trustworthy organization that makes sure that people that are good at finding security flaws can earn a decent living from it . 
  reporting them to the relevant projects , instead of without selling them to companies . 
  ( vulnerabilities that arent closed in a month should be publized ) of course it is ` hard to compete with the market ' , the point though is that you * shouldnt try to * , they should be paid respectably , perhaps on the high end for a programmer , but not too much . 
  they cant be into it for the money . 
  the jobs shouldnt be to fixed .
