  we should also in general figure out how the creation of law proposals can be open , so knowledgable parties can advise , but it does n't give disproportionate ability to shape things to any particular party . 
  it should n't promote too harsh judgement people proposing ideas . 
  ( against political correctness ) that is a somewhat incremental improvement though , for instance basically the euro 's predicament was predicted by people , ^ \\ + drugs policies continuously go against expert , and ` street ' knowledge , and iraq policy was also something the general public ( in the eu at least ) knew better about . 
  ultimately we need to vote good people into the seats and offices \\ + looks to me that the general public did have a lot of petty issues with it though . 
  also , many businesses seemed to take the change to the euro as cause to round all the prices up . 
  ( \\* edit ), 
   treating full free adults as criminals or students is stupid and totalitarian . 
  people seem pretty stupid to me . 
  then again , maybe the ` informers ' are equally stupid , so it may be a bad idea . 
  edit : ca n't say much about political correctness . 
  i do think europe seemed under-discussed . 
  but the discussions ... 
  i do n't know what to think about them . 
  edit : may ask what topics you find being too politically correct ? 
  about ` virtual police officers ' , well , hiring people following things tactically ( things relevant , and touching many people ) could find things and places to provide useful information and prevent misconceptions . . 
  which if not done disingeniously is a good idea . 
  that is not policing , at all , though . 
  you could say they 'll want to anticipate events like in ` project x ' in haren recently , but i doubt you need to hire someone for it , it will probably come up . . 
  i thank whoever leaked the thing . 
  about point 1 in ` to be discussed ' i think you have the right to inform yourself and others on what ` terrorist content ' looks like . 
  if something is linked as incitement to violence . . 
  existing laws cover it already . 
  i really doubt it is a good idea . 
  but regardless of that , any antagony will be doubled because it is enforced by the eu . 
  i think it is justified if they consider it an undemocratic rule . 
  especially if countries already have provisions . 
  what i dont really see here is what the proposal entails ... would affect small companies ? 
  try as hard as you can , and there will still be 100 other people they could still hire and survive . 
  btw some companies survive years of harsh mismanagement . 
  more philosophical btw : there is no escape from a gulag . 
  do n't hope to win the lottery . 
  ( and try save people from gulags ), 
  most democratic governments make all decisions with votes in senates/parlaments , and those seats represent people that voted on them . 
  not really knowledgable on the topic , but i would be a bit surprised if there were cases where it was pressed undemocratically . . 
  possibly some got womens ' right to vote via the ( international ) law . 
  ( but it seems a bit unlikely . ), 
  maybe it is valid , but this would just look like more scare tactics to voters . 
  but i guess that is why eu needs positive momentum . 
  but i suppose that would mean doing something , preferably something that helps the economies of south europe . 
  for instance green energy production . . 
  with articles like these , it is not hard to imagine why parties like the pvv are popular . 
  basically no-one feels represented by this guy and he dares to suggest this ? 
  frankly i have n't seen enough evidence splitting the euro would be that bad , and i have seen a lot of ` immediacy bias ' . 
  ( you have to do it now or all will fail !, 
  . . 6 months later ) i have seen the evidence that europe would fall apart if we split the euro seems rather thin aswel . 
  infact before the creation of the euro , people indicated that inability of the countries themselves to devaluate would be a problem , as it is now . 
  i am not an economist but i tend to agree ; wages and many prices are way too [ sticky ] ( https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/sticky_%28economics%29 ) , the value of money changing modifies them all at the same time . 
  yes they 'd get less money in effect ( edit : of course , financial aid ) , but it would solve the problem . 
  ( the quicker you fuck up the more time you have left to fix it ) edit : i typed it fast , and i am not sure if i believe it , but it is a mechanism , the mechanism of the current approach seems to be ` pump money and cut costs until it is solved ' . 
  of course the above is speculation . 
  but i have not seen good evidence that keeping the euro would be better , evidence better than authorative assertion , they do n't have a good enough authority . 
  i wish the press should do a better job at this particular thing . 
  i thought you grounded things to the bottom line when you mentioned ` quality ' , but now you 're floating in the clouds . 
  utility ( better word : usefulness ) is n't something that is ` decided ' . 
  i ca n't decide my square wheel is useful . 
  what is quality without utility ? 
  i assumed the rankings aimed at influence/utility or a combination . 
  chopsticks . 
  you 'd have to learn the language , that is a lot more work than the difference between forks and spoons . 
  if you want an audience , you do have to consider what the audience speaks . 
  do n't downvote me though , anglosphere bastards !, 
  point is , it is n't the worthiness that is the concern . 
  i could put you in a room with a delicious pie , but the pie wo n't matter if i do n't put any oxygen in the room . 
  damn , a fireball , did they throw some bags of gasoline on it or something ? 
  do n't forget that the internet is n't impervious . 
  even * if * there is net neutrality . 
  you have to * think * about what you read there and how you got there . 
  yeah , it is way expensive , and it is not like the whole world is watching it . 
  ... oh wait , it is ... 
  basically because how the numbers were calculated is unfair . 
  see other comments . 
  better than wasting money on the jsf . 
  ( which is what my country did ), 
  the one with his penis cut off , no less . . ( or rather , no more ), 
  yeah , and what did facebooks stocks do ? 
  was n't it obvious that they were overvalued ? 
  should have gotten options against it . 
  ( usury , but dont worry about farts in a shitstorm ), 
  the blame game does n't seem very productive though . 
  plenty of responsibility of the crisis is due to europe . 
  our banks got in trouble because they dealt in the us too , and nothing stopped them , we have ( somewhat smaller ) housing bubbles too , and some countries have the bonus culture at the top ( also somewhat smaller extent ) aswel . 
  and greece definitely had it 's own problems that the crisis simply set off . 
  and , oh yeah , the monetary union did n't get the political union as critics said it needed for about ten years . 
  oops , i meant proportional-to , the factor not being the same is the deviations i talk about . 
  ( and i am not that person ), 
  how many people of those nations get on reddit . 
  i mean , * very naively * you expect redditor \\ _ cnt ( country ) \u2248 english \\ _ ratio ( country ) \u22c5 people \\ _ on \\ _ internet ( country ) deviations from that might be interesting . 
  ( crosscompare with reasons why they would n't go here , for instance other websites/culture ), 
  she is a chemical physicist , so excuse me if i doubt the context . 
  i am also sick of people voting idiots , haters and incompetents into government as a solution . 
  not false either . 
  volunteering for what , exactly ? 
  some of the costly tasks like care for the elderly ? 
  how does that make a ` bottom-up europe ' ? 
  also , raniat in guardians reply list has a good point , there has to be some reckoning for mistakes made , and how that is not going to happen again . 
  besides , we have resources , and we effectively distribute them by the wages . 
  they need to ask for volunteers because they dont have enough money to pay wages . 
  basically , people already employed dont want to go down . 
  what they 're saying ` we have this pot of money , we need more people , but we 're not willing to share with you ' . 
  that is not only regular working people that doesnt want to go down in wages , it is also the higher-ups .
