  basically , if you find a significant security vulnerability , you 're hired for 3 months , and each time find one you add 3 more months . 
  however you never get money for vulnerabilities , just the wage payments and increases in how long you 're going to be employed . 
  ( if you run out of time , because you 're not finding anything , you 're fired ) ( * of course * this isnt completely thought out , for instance you might add free access to courses/seminars relevant to security ), 
  i have heard about miley cyrus , i have not read anything about it . 
  you can easily avoid reading about irrelevant shit . 
  nice that you 're gardening . 
  but you 're nowhere near a wiki about it , you have to learn about it from books , your neighbourhood , which is nothing like the oppertunities of learning a global farming community concentrated at one spot has . 
  dont worry about doing some ` small ' thing in hobbies , but the peaks are much higher , and perhaps you 'll do things in a more advanced way just because you know all the tricks , they were conveniently found on the wiki . 
  sure people can read too much internet . 
  but not using the internet at all is not control over it , it is just running away . 
  reading the title , i thought he called our security fundamental . 
  but that isnt our security at all , it puts us in danger of oppression . 
  i fear the day virusses in the water supply can do targetted killings . 
  they could be delayed and ` natural ' cancer etcetera , having a really low public profile , and not needing too many people to run the operation . 
  combined with already existing access of peoples beliefs and lack of oversight , some person in power might be able choose exactly what beliefs he wants to live . 
  ( edit : there are more mundane reasons see other posts , where is my head at ) even at the current level , they can already hack the computers of particular activists they want to slow down . 
  * that * is the sort of things i want to be secure against , not some fucking explosion somewhere killing a couple of random people now and then . 
  ( a tiny portion of the causes of death ) it is too late for many of us to prevent these beliefs from being accessible like that . 
  but being unwilling to protect against this is precident . 
  clout in the global scale is often cited as a reason for the eu , where the fuck is it being used ? 
  give us some real fucking security . 
  reconfigure network services to rotate ip adresses , start promoting pgp and stuff . 
  didnt you invent the pirate party ? 
  i do believe political influence is possible in most of europe . 
  ( and activism , everwhere . . ) also i have doubts about the level of silencing . 
  though i suspect silencing might be more ... silent than previously thought . 
  yeah , not like they can see every internet connection you make , every article you read !, 
  i think this obvious fact , and a response to it will really need to be stomped in . 
  tend to think you 're paranoid :p frankly though , it is hard to tell the difference , at least when manually looking through stuff . 
  also hard to figure out if accounts are puppets for some interest group . . 
  i am sure plenty of them exist . 
  anyway , i 'd rather they explained . 
  the article doesnt really seem to base its claims on things much . 
  for instance plots of debt estimates over time would have to support the story . 
  that said , i feel my knowledge of economics is a bit lacking . 
  13 up 10 down , anyone bother saying whats wrong with it ? 
  unfortunately next to the networks , the physical world can be surveiled too , the [ combat zones that see ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combat_zones_that_see ) project for instance suggests tracking vehicles and people stuff with cameras . 
  they claim it is for ` war zones ' . 
  ( yeah didnt they redefine that ? ), 
  i read [ this reference ( pdf ) ] ( http://armed-services.senate.gov/statemnt/2005/march/tether%2003-09-05.pdf ) , they have reasons of course ; it mentions tracking back for instance a car bomb to where it came from so you can get to/attack those people . 
  hardly sounds worth the risk from organizations like nsa being abused . 
  ( a risk that should also fall under the s in nsa ) just to re-iterate , as ` regular joe ' i think you can be worried about surveilance , but not really find stuff that convinces you about the extent . 
  conversely some people perverse want to feel they know better and imagine abilities to already exist that nsa or other organizations * probably * dont have yet . 
  what i also see here sometimes is perverse sense that surveilence is unavoidable , or that actions against it arent worth it . 
  something like https-everywhere helps a bit , but i think many private keys are likely compromised , or the companies strong armed into giving them to the nsa . 
  for instance many wikipedia certificates seem from the us . . shit also that of the ing , so they might be able to look at that data if intercepted . 
  need to get stuff like digital certificates stored in the eu . 
  ( though in competent hands ) and for gods sake , the medical data too . . 
  partly due to the media , i reckon , it is really kindah their job . 
  that said , ( independent ) journalists need support too !, 
  apparently [ femke halsema works at wpg uitgevers now ] ( http://www.nu.nl/boek/2528754/femke-halsema-slag-bij-wpg-uitgevers.html ) , but i dont know much about that . 
  ( of course possibly aimed at other topics ), 
  it can be shocking because people ( to their discredit ) dont follow stuff like this , and/or cant assess the truth about this stuff well . . before this if you mention it somewhere ( like on a forum ) , people can oppose it as not being a fact , now that is nearly impossible . 
  probably should try aim long informed post where more people might read them . 
  or take personal notes on stuff and throw links . 
  ( with good information density ) otherwise [ see this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ah9c4/eu_beekilling_pesticide_ban_crumbles_under/c8xjno6 ) . 
  lack of upvotes is a democratic ban for a submission too . 
  basically by not providing points yourself and then demanding counterpoints , you put the onus of proof on opinions against yours . 
  i suppose my point is that sentiment shouldnt get a life of its own , the opinions need reasoning for themselves . 
  the comments negative about the result arent constructive either . 
  at the moment i trust that the research indeed points to it be harmful , and that basically too much risk , and too much hiding behind ` we havent researched properly yet ' . 
  but a * good * comment would actually go into that . 
  stuff like ` fuck bees right ? 
  plants can go fuck themselves too ( if they want to be pollinated ) . ', 
  does not add anything . 
   we are pleased member states did not support the ec 's shamefully political proposal . 
  that seems just about the most vacuous comment possible here . 
  we can at least be happy it is the european commission again ( it is , right ? 
  ) , we 'd be screwed if parliament pulled this crap over us . 
  having decisions for europe as a whole centralized attracts more lobbyism per head . . for the record , this post is pretty much empty on the topic itself . 
  as are the other current posts here . 
  actually i meant it was strange that - as i understand it - they got sued for adding tools like the browser to the default install . 
  but they * didnt * get sued for making it hard to avoid buying windows with a computer , the latter does seems more anticompetitive . 
  also maybe earning that much money with something attached to a standard ( html ) should come with the responsibility of making sure the standard is followed . 
  they shouldnt be allowed to put up road bumps . 
  or rather ` you should be looking harder ' , implies you 'd have to jump some fences . 
  bye bye any possibility for others to get into the market , market capture succeeded . 
  and clearly the linked wikipedia does not cover the history , it basically ends at 1993 . 
  it covers how it initially got popular , not how it kept its market domination . 
  i am not interested in discussing it with you because i dont know the history so well , and you can throw a dozen more links like that at me . 
  no it is just that for a long time it was hard to find a computer without windows preinstalled . 
  actually , windows seems to have gone too far in getting computers preinstalled with their os . 
  strange that they were punished for other things but apparently not that . 
  with phones it is awfully similar , they have an even bigger threshhold to installing alternatives , needing ` jail breaking ' for an install . 
  or duckduckgo . 
  and at least in firefox , you can change the default search for the search bar , when the url isnt recognized , or rightclick ` add a keyword for this search ' . 
  edit : but google can leverage the different services to promote each other enormously . 
  it may not be a ` monopoly ' strictly , but it is stilll . . a thing . 
  you 're right , but the context is that they were asked to leave , and otherwise they 're co-operating as business as usual . 
  however i suppose if they dont see wikileaks as criminal , they should help in the investigation either . 
  i suppose sometimes the regular public is naive , but the problem is that people in organizations like the cia or fbi , or some politicians feel like they need to dictate what to believe . 
  they feel like shows like ' 24 ' should convince us . 
  well that is clearly bullshit , and it is a story , they can make anything up . 
  i didnt believe iran was truly fascist , i mean , that if the people pushed it , the government would give . 
  the protests proved otherwise . 
  i dont believe the `` torture or someone will blow up a bomb '' theory either , cute , but it doesnt happen . 
  and even if it did , maybe they 're wrong about knowing there is a bomb about to blow up . 
  however , i doubt that they can do much about it . 
  all they can do is openly state their estimate and why . 
  but people shouldnt believe them , they 're not nearly independent enough .
