keep telling me more about german refugee and asylum systems , my lithuanian friend . 
  i 'm sure you know all about it . 
  edit : i knew there 'd be no substance . 
  this thread is cancer . 
  no , for fuck sake , no no and no . 
  make a distinction between refugee seakers and people who 've been granted the refugee status and maybe , just maybe , your argument gains some credibility . 
  ah , the good old `` refugees '' . 
  i 've read enough comments of yours about this topic so i think i choose to not debate with you , thanks . 
  have a nice day . 
  i understand your argument and i 'd completely agree if this is about letting immigrants in or not . 
  but ignoring people in need is n't an opinion , it contradicts the very foundation of the eu and human rights . 
  do you think this is new to us ? 
  we 're dealing with refugees for decades now and have procedures in place to relocate them back to their country of origin after their application is denied . 
  yes , they get kicked out . 
  where and how ? 
  back home , mostly by plane ( in case of germany ) . 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  it 's not up to the refugees or immigrants to decide what status they get . 
  or do you think countries like germany will willfully ignore the refugee status to let everyone in ? 
  if so , you have absolutely no idea how things are being done here . 
  instead of guessing , we check them and weed out those who do n't qualify . 
  it 's very telling that all you can come up with is sarcasm in face of a human crisis . 
  if you think refugees should die at the border , you do n't belong in the eu . 
  plain and simple . 
  haha . 
  sorry , but the current polish government is all talk , but no action when it comes to the eu . 
  they very well know about the sweet eu money that they massively benefit from . 
  luckily , it 's not about what you believe . 
  the refugee status is defined very clearly . 
  how about you differentiate between refugees and immigrants ffs !, 
  immigrants have no right to stay , while refugees deserve protection . 
  if you do n't believe in this , you better leave the eu , since these are core principles . 
  so , where does that stop ? 
  by that logic , france and germany could say : our country , our money . 
  we wo n't share , get it done yourselves . 
  the eu has rules and if you 're in , either try to change them completely or obey them . 
  taking the benefits , but not following eu rules is freeloading . 
  well said . 
  in regards to democracy/republic :  it is important to keep in mind the difference between a democracy and a republic , as dissimilar forms of government . 
  understanding the difference is essential to comprehension of the fundamentals involved . 
  it should be noted , in passing , that use of the word democracy as meaning merely the popular type of government -- that is , featuring genuinely free elections by the people periodically -- is not helpful in discussing , as here , the difference between alternative and dissimilar forms of a popular government : a democracy versus a republic . 
  this double meaning of democracy -- a popular-type government in general , as well as a specific form of popular government -- needs to be made clear in any discussion , or writing , regarding this subject , for the sake of sound understanding . 
  i think he 's talking social safety nets , like financial aid for unemployed , seniors , health care , rehabilitation programs , seriously ill people and so on . 
  sorry , friend =( i deleted the founding fathers part before i saw your comment . 
  there 's a mile wide difference between democracy and direct democracy . 
  the us is neither , though , since not every vote counts equaly . 
  also , you 're mixing how a government is formed ( democratic ) and the type of government ( republic ) . 
   not to mention their political system . 
  as long as the us does n't give each and every vote equal weight , i ca n't help but to disagree . 
  it 's backwards and outdated and not really democratic . 
  i do n't think you have any idea what you 're asking for . 
  you think people have changed ? 
  rules have changed . 
  society has changed . 
  but if you go back to nationalism , you 'll get a nationalist germany again , too . 
  if especially lucky , with plenty more friends this time . 
  you do n't want that . 
  i will not explain everything to you , since it 's much you 're asking for here . 
  but here are my personal top five most important reasons for why the eu is so important . 
  lasting peace ; since the foundation of the eu , we have the longest period of stable peace in europe ever 2 . 
  economic growth and strength ; most european nations are weak on their own in comparisson to big countries like the us , russia , china or india . 
  as a union , we get better trading deals , since the eu represents the second largest economy in the world . 
  shared knowledge , science and education ; the eu is funding eduction and science projects all over europe . 
  in return , more than 30 percent of the overall contribution to the science community comes from the eu . 
  city partnerships and exchanges help to make friends with neighbouring countries , study abroad and learn new languages . 
  4 . international cooperation ; criminals used to use borders to evade persecution and while it 's still possible , international police work is now able to tackle international crime activity . 
  also : exchange of information and knowledge between police agencies , but also other organisations . 
  free travel and a unified currency ; it 's very practical and gives a good sense of belonging together . 
  in regards to refugess and immigration : it 's mostely countries from eastern europe that have a strong anti-immigration stance , although there are parties in every eu country in favour of harsher restrictions . 
  as everywhere else in the world , too , the xenophobia is the strongest , where people have the least personal experience with foreigners . 
   should that be relaxed in order to improve european integration and would it be politically controversial ? 
  i 'd argue that by relaxing it , you 'd actively hinder integration . 
  no offense to ` expats ' , but at least here in berlin i heavily dislike how ignorant a large portion of the immigrants from the us are when it comes to the german language . 
  instead of learning it , they keep english as their main language for everything , just because they can . 
  in some parts of the city it goes even a step further with coffee shops where you ca n't even order in german anymore . 
  thank you . 
  maybe share what you know instead of being snarky ? 
  there are fraternities in germany ( `` burschenschaften '' ) . 
  they 've been in the centre of every political and sociological conflict of the past century and were once an integral part of university , but also political activism . 
  today , most burschenschaften are either very , very conservative societies or hardcore christians . 
  i 'm curious . 
  what are those british societies and dining clubs that you can join as a student about then ? 
  oh , my bad . 
  but there is something similar , is n't there ? 
  may i ask why you joined one ? 
  i know it 's quite common in the us and the uk at least , but here in germany it 's not nearly as popular ( although it once was ) . 
  everything regarding fraternities . 
  it was n't used on hungary , it was n't used on poland , [ actually , it 's never been used ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/hungary-eu-news-article-7-vote-poland-rule-of-law/ ) , so i doubt it will be used on the uk . 
  he lived a long life with many children and became one of the kindest and most caring people i 've ever known . 
  once , just a few years after the war , he brought home a family of gypsies and gave them shelter for a year . 
  i think he tried his best to atone for what he did during the war . 
  his children gave him hell after they found his war diaries though and it took decades for the family to deal with the revelation . 
  i think most families have tragic stories to tell , since two whole generations went to war . 
  * my grandfather ( father side of the family ) was a member of the ss and took part in every horrific acts of cruelty you could imagine . 
  mass executions , cleansings , hunting jews ... * his two younger brothers were conscripted in the last months of war . 
  both died pointlessly while trying to stop the british and american tanks at the age of 16 and 17 . 
  the older brother of my grandfather went missing in russia . 
  my family went looking for a grave on the many war cemeteries in russia , but without luck . 
  * my other grandfather ( mother side of the family ) was also conscripted at the final stage of the war . 
  before german mainland got invaded , part of everyday school happened next to the aa cannons which they learned to operate inbetween lessons .
