  i thought it would be a walkover . 
  if johnson gets in i 'd even back a unilateral declaration of independence . 
  wales is anti-eu and practically english . 
  he 'll be gone by monday . 
  remain has a guaranteed majority in scotland . 
  the final two areas will be closer due to the dominance of fisheries in them , though . 
  are n't we all ? 
  why do you americans say ` go vote ' , instead of ` go and vote ' ? 
  ah , yes . 
  all those muslim eu migrants . 
  they do n't like eu oversight on sheep-buggery . 
  given the amount of eu investment in wales ( because westminster would n't spend money there ) it 's mindblowing . 
  i just do n't understand it . 
  apathy , so many people thought that remain was a given . 
  i think the germans managed to pull of plenty of atrocities , actually . 
  especially the ones that did n't vote the way i did !, 
  that 'll be why so many areas like castle point , with virtually 0 non-english living there , are voting leave . 
  they 're terrified of the boogeyman . 
  i sincerely hope we do . 
  well , you 're always welcome in scotland . 
  there is a pro-independence majority in the scottish parliament , thanks to the greens . 
  if there is a clear demand for a referendum , we will have one . 
  and glasgow . 
  lambeth was always expected to go big for remain though . 
  you 're welcome . 
  if ` brexit ' happens , hopefully next week . 
  the oversight from the eu is nothing compared tot hat from westminster . 
  eu ideals are also more similar to our own . 
  he 's arriving in scotland , which will vote remain . 
  i ca n't fucking believe it . 
  surely we ca n't be doing this to ourselves . 
  quite a few high profile socialists in scotland have declared for leave , such as jim sillars . 
  the greece situation changed a lot of minds . 
  what about the russian caricature of an angry , violent , stupid drunk wearing skintight denim shorts , what do you think of them ? 
  the fact that she wants to end universalism will mean that she 'll never hold any real power in scotland . 
  she gets routinely shut down by sturgeon during fmqs . 
  based on what ? 
  i feel like it could serve a purpose . 
  like ataturk 's nationalism in combating islamism . 
  yeah , adrian elms is definitely a ` middle eastern ' name , you fucking nugget . 
  home ownership is probably a reason why people become more conservative with age . 
  but , as so many young people look as though they will struggle to get on to the property ladder , maybe things will change ? 
  err ... you got the name of the party wrong . 
  and it 's called the scottish national party because it 's em ... in scotland . 
  finance , maybe ? 
  this is incredibly condescending . 
  \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ it 's not all about england . 
  i 'm not an snp member or enthusiast of any sort . 
  the snp exists as a ` big tent ' centrist party with an overarching goal of independence . 
  they have no obligation to do anything that they were n't elected to do . 
  totally irrelevant to the independence debate , but okay . 
  and we both know that increasing tax would giftwrap the conservatives a foothold in scotland . 
  that 's politics , unfortunately . 
  ruk is cutting education spending to focus on shite like grammar schools . 
  our nhs massively out performs england and wales ' . 
  what about tax ? 
  how can the snp diversify the economy with it 's current powers ? 
  the first part does n't happen . 
  new discoveries mean that reserves have increased . 
  the chances of a third referendum are slim to none . 
  in the next two years . 
  but still 50 % would vote yes were it tomorrow . 
  so , hypothetically , scotland votes no again and uk government votes to end barnett . 
  then what ? 
  very true . 
  that 's the problem with referenda/referendums , i guess . 
  i am not anything resembling an expert either , but it is my understanding the gers does not include eez revenue , and other revenues generated in scotland by companies based in england are not included either . 
  gers figures are not representative of the economy of scotland as an independent entity , and should n't be used as such . 
  there is a deficit , but it 's not likely to be the size of the one shown by gers . 
  and , seeing the attitude of many english politicians towards scotland , i do n't want to be in the situation where scotland is no longer in a position to contribute to the treasury , and no longer contributes a positive to the uks trade balance . 
  of course , and the good news is that scotland has massive potential for expansion in the renewable energy sector . 
  it just needs the right direction and support from the state to reach it 's potential . 
  high house prices , and a much higher average wage , although it 's not great for low-earners . 
  i think most people accept that iscotland will have higher personal taxes , at least in the medium-term , and i think most are okay with that . 
  it is my opinion that iscotland wo n't be some utopia , but it is preferable to the ongoing decay within the united kingdom . 
  it 's a referendum , mate . 
  erm , that 's the point of the post mate . 
  more sustainable prices . 
  i was being told january 2018 is when chevron are planning on funding phds again , while other companies plan on hiring/re-hiring workers for the north sea at roughly the same time . 
  i do n't know what price they are expecting for this to viable . 
  the eu does n't have even close to the level of control of individual member 's economies as the uk gov has over scotland 's . 
  i meant that the uk will no longer be part of the single market , which is the major issue with scotland . 
  you 're right , i misread . 
  the argument against that last time was that if scotland was n't given control of it 's assets ( i.e eez ) then it could refuse to take it 's share of the debt . 
   predict a return to $ 100 per barrel by 2018 ? 
  did i say that ? 
  scotland is n't being ` uppity ' with the eu . 
  the rest of the uks ` fair share ' of scotland 's eez is zero . 
  lowering the deficit by not basing the economy on oil , potentially lowering business rates to attract business from down south . 
  i 'm not an economist , and i 'm sure plans will be laid out in the near future . 
  the last thing we want is for future revenues to be squandered in the way that the last 40 years of oil money has been . 
  maybe . 
  the turnout for the 2014 ref was much higher than the euref turnout in scotland . 
  one issue is that the highest yes-voting cities ( dundee and glasgow ) had some of the lowest turnouts in the country ( and , going by demographics , higher turnout would usually be better for a yes vote ) . 
  because scotland is pro-eu haha . 
  right , but many of the companies in scotland are expecting a recovery around the start of 2018 , before the referendum . 
  i have a petroleum geology degree , have worked in oil , and know many people that were high-up in the industry . 
  the oil is not ` drying up ' . 
  because we almost certainly wo n't get one . 
  sturgeon said in her speech that the single-market access is the driving factor here .
