  welfare ? 
  what do you expect them to do ? 
  we have a very right-wing tory government controlling welfare right now . 
  that was when the uk were saying they would potentially keep scotland 's eez revenues , actually . 
  and the oil revenues will recover over time . 
  that 's assuming that the uk would n't want a free-trade agreement with scotland in a hypothetical post-indy situation . 
  haha, 
  an a , so said moody 's in 2014 , at least . 
  this referendum was in the manifesto that she was re-elected on , there is a pro-independence majority in holyrood . 
  that is democracy , champ . 
  hahahaha, 
  no , there will be a deficit in the short term . 
  not the one shown by gers , but a big deficit all the same . 
  the argument is that scotland can make the decisions that are best for growing it 's own economy , rather than being considered a minor part of a bigger picture within the uk . 
  a deficit following 33 consecutive years of paying in to the uk treasury . 
  we are n't in a ` post-oil ' world , despite your fantasy . 
  understand that the fact scotland 's economy is not doing particularly well at the moment is n't an argument to keep doing what we 're doing . 
  almost like she wants the best for her constituents . 
  mental . 
  welfare is an issue reserved for westminster . 
  the snp and the green party were the only major parties to support independence the last time . 
  labour , conservative , and lib dem all opposed . 
  there were some suggestions after the eu ref that labour or lib dems might take a neutral stance , but that does n't seem to be the case . 
  as for the electorate , independence looks to have a strong majority in the under-55s category , but the fact that pensioners are the most consistent voting block , and they very heavily back staying in the uk ( 70 % ) pretty much cancels this out . 
   why do the rest have to put up with ` somebody ' who behaves irrational and creates instability our thoughts exactly . 
  so ` germanic ' nations are ` fiscally conservative ' , except for when they are ` germanic ' . 
  it was n't america 's output that crashed the market . 
  and the obr did n't predict the crash either . 
  so settle down . 
  the snp works as a pro-independence party so long as it is a broad church , otherwise it would be very difficult to keep power . 
  the holyrood system is designed to encourage power sharing ( i.e. 
  prevent a majority government ) but the snp smashing labour has given them effective control . 
  there are significant left-wing and centre-right factions within the party as it is . 
  people who want a more left-wing pro-indy government tend to vote snp with their first vote and green with their second . 
  rise tried to capitalise on the mass mobilisation of working-class notionally left-wing voters from during the referendum , but did n't secure a single seat in government . 
  the snp used the industry estimates , the government used obr estimates far lower than he general industry estimates . 
  there was not an attempt to mislead by the snp . 
  oil prices were in line wih industry estimates . 
  the snp ran a on a manifesto promising a referendum in the event of a leave vote . 
  this is an entirely fair response . 
  i 'm not saying eu entry would be a stroll , but the fact that scotland is already an integrated part of the eu would surely aid the process . 
  i suppose it 's the inevitable end result of devolution , this was always going to happen as the scottish government became more powerful . 
  does n't help that there 's been a gradual drift to the right since the 90 's as well . 
  i 'm sick of theresa may 's shite as well , so i suppose we have that in common . 
  salmond did know what he was talking about , not that you 've made any sort of point here . 
  oil revenues were those predicted by industry experts , nobody was predicting opec crashing the market . 
  the deficit requirement is for eurozone entry , not eu . 
  this would n't be a standard eu entry negotiation , and the economy wo n't be improving under a conservative government . 
  do you have any more stuff like his ? 
  perhaps some phrenology ? 
  ` fiscal conservatism ' like the high tax - high spend governments in norway and denmark ? 
  i do n't want my country to be a ` global powerhouse ' . 
  i want my country to provide a decent standard of living for its citizens, 
  middle england did n't want to vote for a party that might have to listen to the concerns of scottish mps - that would be awful !, 
  a lot of the trade to the ruk then flows on to the eu . 
  but virtually the same as some very successful countries with similar demographics and climate . 
  and , in ireland and norway 's case at least , a similar history or relatively recent infrastructure development and population density . 
  the worry is that longer it is delayed , the less chance there is of easy eu entry . 
  it is true that the longer they stay in power more criticisms can be leveled at them but , generally speaking , the electorate has 0 trust in scottish labour to perform better than the snp as they are no longer seen as a party that wants to represent scottish interests in the way the snp do . 
  negligible population , similar to that of denmark , norway , and ireland , and much greater than that of iceland ? 
  a vastly resource-rich country with a huge eez and a highly educated populace that ran a surplus within the uk for 33 consecutive years ( when including eez revenue ) . 
  yet our economy is poor because not enough has been done to diversify , and now we 're effectively consigned to decades-long conservative rule by a party that has absolutely no reason to listen to the concerns of a population that is far removed from their support base . 
  one party rule ? 
  they 're a minority government for fuck sake . 
  it was in the snps manifesto in the most recent holyrood election that a ` material change in circumstances ' , such as the uk leaving the eu against the will of the scottish electorate , would be grounds for a second referendum . 
  how do you think that would play with the electorate ? 
  realistically , a referendum would be granted , but on westminster 's terms i.e no eu nationals voting , 18 minimum age etc. 
  all of these things were discussed at length during the run-up to the 2014 referendum . 
  westminster literally did cover up the true extent of the early oil boom because they did n't want the scottish electorate to know . 
  the argument is that distant , uncaring government does n't prioritise scotland 's economy ( why would it ? ), 
  and that has resulted in the horribly imbalanced state that it is in now . 
  what is it , in many people 's minds , that makes scotland uniquely shit amongst northern european economies ? 
  august 2018 seems to be the mooted date . 
  another referendum is an inevitability at this point . 
  if business was booming there 'd hardly be a reason to leave the uk , would there ? 
  well no , because we 've never had a modern fascist government . 
  scotland was a net contributor to the uk treasury for 33 consective years , until 2014 . 
  now that we are going through a downturn we are suddenly a huge burden , and we should be thankful that our generous english neighbours are kind enough to look after us . 
  not when we are talking about whether or not a politician has a right to take a death threat seriously . 
  you appear to have missed the point of my post . 
  but the fact that there is anyone willing to murder a politician for their political views makes the threat credible . 
  whether it is more likely that a an islamist would assassinate someone is of no consequence . 
  it only takes one . 
  they 've been ` conspicuous europhiles ' for their entire time in government . 
  a jew is on the bus in nazi germany and sees another jew reading der stuermer . 
  he asks him why he 's reading that . 
  the jew with the paper answers `` look , i got plenty of troubles at home and at work . 
  the only time i can relax is on the bus . 
  you think i want to read stories like ` synagogues vandalized again ' or ` property of jews seized ? ', 
  not when i can read the nazi newspapers and see ` jews take over the banks ! ', 
  or ` jews take over the universities ! ', 
  that 's me they 're talking about ! '', 
  anti semitism is an accusation thrown at the left all the time . 
  good thing you 're here to keep everyone right then , eh ? 
  ultimately , it 's policy that matters . 
  and i would n't consider trump honest either . 
  the irony of a church being converted into a casino/bar is excellent . 
  does n't justify harming healthcare and unions over though . 
   55-45 at most either way incorrect . 
  almost all of the scottish council areas voted remain by more than 56 % , with exactly half voting remain by 60 % or greater , with a 62 % vote for remain overall .
