clinton lost because she is the horrendously uninspiring personification of the american establishment that has failed to support its least fortunate for decades . 
  the democrats beat themselves and the answer is not more nepotism . 
   michelle for 2020 !, 
  it seems people have learnt nothing from the past year . 
  would you rather it was run by murdoch or similar ? 
  you may be slim , and you may well be beautiful . 
  but i have deep-fried pizza . 
  you can support ukip or the conservatives without any trouble . 
  it 's obvious that people that support the bnp should n't be police officers . 
  will admit that the singer 's long hair and motorbike is very alluring . 
  probably how he bagged a fine specimen such as romana . 
  so does the uk, 
  first thing that popped into my head . 
  the dutch really do have a thing about ugly foreigners . 
   jason scotland he was trinidadian . 
  it 's the lyrics to a morrissey song . 
  he was a christian convert though . 
  the downturn in oil prices , i mean . 
  it has a huge effect on adjunctive industries . 
  word on the research side of things in predicting 2018 . 
  halliburton plan on funding phds again in january of that year . 
  problem is that the industry likely wo n't be as big when it returns though , unless there are technological advances or more discoveries . 
  greens + snp have majority control of the parliament this term . 
  i doubt they 'll be taking pointers from the spanish government , fortunately . 
  better together campaign repeatedly made the point that scotland was only secure in the eu as part of the uk , which turned out to be totally wrong . 
  nobody expected brexit to happen in 2014 , but here we are now . 
   biggest trading partner is the rest of the uk because goods flow through england into the eu . 
  sharing a government with the rest of the uk , especially england , is a big push factor towards independence , actually . 
  scotland also has run at a surplus over the last 32 years , but the recent downturn has put us into deficit . 
  this situation is not permanent , as a canadian should know . 
  you 're right . 
  trying to build republicanism into the already nebulous independence debate would not help . 
  once we are a sovereign nation we can think about the monarchy . 
  one of you is talking about northern ireland , the other is talking about the republic . 
  who knows how many times the cocaine with be cut and recut between the shipment landing and it actually being consumed by a user . 
  if only they could emulate the bastion of tolerance that is poland . 
  why ? 
  scotland had a referendum on a devolved parliament . 
  the two questions in the referendum were ` should there be a scottish parliament ? ', 
  and ` should the scottish parliament have tax-varying powers ? ' . 
  the result for was 74 % yes , 26 % no for the first question , and 63 % yes and 37 % no for the second . 
  the first ever scottish parliament elections were held in 1999 and the parliament opened in may of that year . 
  in that case , we 're agreed . 
  sorry for jumping the gun a wee bt just there !, 
  the process of separation would not be easier than ` brexit ' , no . 
  my issue was the implication ( or what i inferred from your post , anyway ) that because the uk is older it is becoming more integrated . 
  the drift makes leaving the uk easier , just not easy . 
  i 'm yet to meet a real-life brexit supporter that was n't a red chino wearing mummy 's boy . 
   definitely not easier than the uk exiting the eu . 
  i did n't say it would be , nobody is saying it would be simple . 
  the drift is still undeniable . 
   that 's a drifting apart of social opinions and political ideology not legal , military , administrative , diplomatic etc. 
  integration . 
  where the fuck have you been ? 
  having a devolved parliament is n't a drifting apart in an ` administrative , diplomatic ' sense ? 
  and we have our own legal system . 
  the difference being that the 300 year old union has been drifting apart dramatically since ' 97 , with a huge fault appearing on friday morning . 
   as sturgeon seems poised to do . 
  she 's already negotiating with eu representatives and has said she wo n't rush into a second referendum . 
  in that event ( which i think is unlikely , seeing as johnson has said he wants a fresh mandate - so would presumably value legitimacy ) they have the option to run one without westminster backing , followed by a unilateral declaration of independence . 
  that is no one 's preferred scenario , though . 
  well , we were told that shipbuilding would be protected as part of the uk ( it was n't ) , we were told that scotland would be given a deal ` close to federalism ' , we were n't and we were told that the only way to secure eu membership was as part of the uk . 
  there are others that i 'm forgetting as well . 
  exactly . 
  i never fully appreciated it 2 years ago , but the eu means so much more to many people than the uk by a long , long way . 
  it 's 65 % yes , excluding ` do n't know ' . 
  what the yes side needs is for johnson to be pm , some more of the mainstream media to back independence , and for some high-profile unionists to defect . 
  if this happens , i will be confident of a victory . 
  if johnson gets in as pm it could be a walkover for yes . 
   progressive  british union hmmm ... 
  spain has it own separatist areas that it does not want to encourage . 
  but current levels of supply are unsustainable , countries are bankrupting themselves . 
  the cost of producing oil is only going to increase as conventional sources become unworkable , meaning that prices will have to increase . 
  an east/west germany type split in the uk could be good for a laugh . 
  you ca n't look at prices pre-2000 and pretend that they are normal . 
  the rise in demand from eastern economies changed the game . 
  my issue is that , in the long term , without action now there will be nothing left in scotland . 
  regardless of the strength of the london economy . 
  once the north sea stops being exploited , unless there is an alternative industry in place ( such as decommissioning ) the ` brain-drain ' from scotland will be catastrophic . 
   what constitutional question?the uk not having one ? 
   semantics  this is the shame empty rethoric from english nationalists like farage the eu and uk are not comparable in terms of the oversight the eu has over the uk , and the westminster influence over scotland . 
  oil is n't everything . 
  why , after generations of mismanagement from westminster , should the people of scotland trust what will likely be the most right-wing , anglocentric government in living memory to make plans for the future of scotland 's economy ? 
  ` managed decline ' seems to be the strategy preferred by westminster governments thus far . 
  i 'm not saying that an independence will be some sort of panacea for all of our economic woes , but i believe that the constitutional question is a big one . 
  being able to control our own affairs would allow us to build for the future , with the possible consequence of short-term financial issues . 
  it was a slip due to being awake for 24 hours , i 'm sure you can forgive me . 
  saudi will slow production long before they exhaust their oil reserves , they are eating into their oil fund at an alarming rate . 
  this is how balance will come about . 
  they were rising steadily , but have dropped $ 3 overnight due to the referendum . 
  events slowing production in west africa have helped increase the price up to now . 
  i 'm aware of how oil prices work , thank you . 
  the current prices are too low for sustained exploitation of unconventional hydrocarbons in the us and canada , and sa ca n't keep up their market saturation forever . 
  the market will balance itself out , as it always does . 
  besides , o+g is not the be all and end all of the scottish economy . 
  we need control of our own affairs to develop alternatives going into a post-petroleum scotland , because god knows johnson and co wo n't be giving us anything they do n't have to . 
  it will be $ 50 indefinitely , obviously . 
  there 's unlikely to be a better time for it . 
  if they oil price continues to recover , it will be at a healthy level in 18 months time , coincinding with a potential referendum date . 
  i woke up at 2am by chance , and thought i 'd quickly check the results before going back to sleep .
