  note that i do n't support milosevic in any way . 
  this pretty much sums it all up . 
  mhm , and who is excluded from icty ? 
  did n\u00fcrnberg trial or any other found anything wrong with bombing of dresden and cologne ? 
  it 's political court formed by those who want to bring point to end . 
  do n't be ignorant . 
  i am not saying you did it !, 
  please , icty . 
  everybody knows how icty is aligned . 
  i watched every single session . 
  they found what they were looking for . 
  just take mislosevic case . 
  who did n't want to show up as witness did n't show up . 
  it is political tribunal and everybody knows that . 
  just take a look who is funding it . 
  no point in discussing that , you will never agree to what you do n't want to agree . 
  i am telling you i was there . 
  shelling was especially in glina , were my neighbors died , up unitl dvor ( bosnia ) . 
  international watchers and un were not allowed in those areas until prepared croatian troops did n't clear up the streets . 
  were you there ? 
  did you see on the ground what happened or you are blindly quoting news ? 
  my personal impression is , whenever i go there and talk to ordinary people is that they will support whomever who tells them what they want to hear . 
  people generally feel better about themselves if they are on winning side of just anything . 
  ordinary people , working in private sector , are obsessed even to this day with this victory . 
  they like to talk about it , they like to brag about it and media has been fueling that for years . 
  it 's been 20 years and i guarantee you if find yourself in public place in croatia any time of year not just now you will pick up conversation about that . 
  so when you have highest instances of government fueling such stories , feelings it is quite hard to do something complete opposite like convict someone of some wrongdoing . 
  there is this constant obsession with something that is no longer there . 
  that 's why i said it is still taboo . 
  it is . 
  maybe i am always visiting areas which were more affected by war and still resonates there but i 've seen people who moved there from rural parts of bosnia and they are like that . 
  i think , independent from what was in war , political parties should of moved on and left history in history and not keep sponging of the past . 
  this situation prolongs hatred and does n't help anyone but political parties . 
  you can see that from yesterday polls that 40 % is against parade , 6 % undecided and 54 % is for it . 
  well , you and other 30-40 % of smart people recognize and want do something about it but there is still big portion where it does n't sit so well . 
  politics will always play in favor of majority . 
  ultranationalist were not in power 4 . 
  serbs were not degraded to minority you are the one of the rare to even admit there was ethical cleansing . 
  i think you misunderstood what i said . 
  there was no consequences for croats for wwii monstrosities . 
  even more , communist party made sure to keep quiet about it . 
  that 's why nobody outside yugoslavia really knows and care what happened . 
  it never got attention like holocaust . 
  reward was not paying reparations , not doing anything actually and getting even bigger ( administrative ) territory which was so blindly recognized as croatia in 1991 . 
  so technically speaking serbian theory is somewhat right but little to late . 
  fool me once shame on you kind of stuff . 
  i am from mixed family you do n't have to explain it to me . 
  there are others convicted and prosecuted in serbia outside icty . 
  http://www.tportal.hr/vijesti/svijet/86391/potvrdene-kazne-za-11-osudenih-za-ovcaru.html convicting your own for war crimes is still big taboo in croatia . 
  honestly , i highly doubt that 324 number because i know about at least 5 on first day of shelling in my 5km radius . 
  i personally saw two others . 
  there were a lot on the streets between croatia and bosnia but yes like you said when calculating what numbers we are dealing with it went pretty smooth . 
  people were already in the motion and there was no actual need . 
  there were no real army fights , army retreated even before civilians . 
  i am emphasizing intention of the operation . 
  refuges were shelled to speed up fleeing and to make sure nobody comes back . 
  you ca n't really argue with that . 
  if galbraith plan was accepted war would stop right away and we would have something like palestine or republika srpska in bosnia . 
  we can all thank ( idiot ) milosevic for refusing that . 
  so to sum up , i know there was no other way to end that war at that point but you ca n't deny the fact that it played out exactly how tudjman wanted . 
  to have serbs under 3 % . 
  do you remember how hard it was to come back even for those who were not involved in war . 
  i am just quoting but i think it is rajko kri\u010dkovi\u0107 who is weirdly enough serb . 
  khm , wtf milosevic has to do with that . 
  it was actual alija izatbegovic who wanted unitarian state , independent from yugoslavia , whereas serbs , like you said majority , did n't want that . 
  just like in croatia one sided decisions could not be made . 
  minority could not decide for majority and that 's exactly what happen . 
  if i recall correctly serbs were the first victims in that war . 
  ahhh the old switcharoo  was n't me if i need to be punished but it was me who get 's the reward . 
  for once i would like to here from someone to say `` yep , we screwed that one , we were shitty at that point but did it right later '' nooooo , never , we are always right , everything we did and do is perfectly in order . 
  dude , i watched hrt as well . 
  we lived together for years . 
  it 's ok, 
  well , the whole point of yugoslavia was to decentralize power . 
  the whole point of bosnia is to make serbia smaller and less influential . 
  there was no country `` bosnia '' before communists . 
  that was just trade off to make everybody happy . 
  dude , you had actual wwii nazis come back to croatia and take active part in politics . 
  wtf ?!, 
  ok , let me ask this way . 
  who was convicted and for what ? 
  i understand the war , and shit happens everywhere and nobody is really clean but it 's statistically impossible that there is nobody to blame . 
  i know for a fact that even village guards who committed even small crimes ( from serbian side ) were prosecuted . 
  there is a entire list available online , whit names , addresses and committed crimes . 
  exactly , they they right to decide for themselves just like vojvodina but was still serbia . 
  what everybody is ignoring is that croatia was country of croats and serbs . 
  equal , because that was only guarantee that shit from wwii wont happen again and that `` croatia '' does n't have to pay war reparations after wwii . 
  so , communists swept everything under the rug to keep peace and quite . 
  btw , those boarders in which serbia , croatia and bosnia are today , those are also simple administrative borders made by communists . 
  so claiming that `` our territory '' has been restored is also very questionable . 
  haha , https://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/velika_hrvatska every single ethic group on balkans has its own `` great '' version https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/velika_albanija, 
  but serbs were also pretty much concentrated in croatia . 
  they just left bigger cities when war started . 
  what kind of argument is that . 
  if you have critical mass everything is allowed ? 
  dude , relax i was just joking , 
  and 7 million serbs in total . 
  so 350.000 thousand ( after nazi regime killed almost million ) again 3-4 million croats is not that far off . 
  how about this one , we make it one country , call it yugoslavia , ignore the fact that we are christian , muslim , klingon and live happily ever after . 
  in other words , we do n't fuck with the system that is working,
