born in yugoslavia ( blue area ) and moved to germany 20 years later . 
  having no dubbing in tv program enables children to accept langue as natural extension to their native language . 
  it is 10 times more likely you find someone in serbia on the street speaking perfect english then in germany . 
  even if you find someone in germany who `` speaks '' english it will sound very weird . 
  just because they do n't live with the language from day to day basic . 
  also first hand example are mexican tv novelas which were popular in serbia in last two decades , my wife is fluent in spanish even though she never had any classes or went in any spanish speaking country . 
  during the 90s and sanctions in yugoslavia only available cartoons were german he-man cassettes . 
  i had couple of friends who were fluent in german even though they saw germany only on pictures . 
  i am strong believer that dubbing is bad idea , not just for learning words of foreign language but also developing speaking ability to say words correctly . 
  this is the reason why russians sound russian and french sound french whichever language they speak , but scandinavians and people from balkans blend in seamlessly in any language and culture they live in . 
  fun fact , embassies of slovenia and slovakia have monthly contact just to exchange tone of wrongly addressed mail . 
  serbia just want to ship trouble away as far as possible . 
  just look what is coming https://youtu.be/yqxy0hvtwwu our way willingly or by force . 
  bild has done it and has been doing it whole day . 
  in serbian and hungarian media you see the idiots throwing stones and on bild you see children crying from tear gas . 
  idiots . 
  ca n't anyone see what is happening ?!?? 
  just look at the bild right now , it is showing bad hungarians attacking innocent children with tear gas . 
  that is what 's frighting, 
  because serbian pm is sucking up to mutti and helps them cross serbia . 
  win win for him , nobody stays , does what die mutti says . 
  poor hungarians , they are the only one sane in this situation and they are portrayed as bad guys . 
  whatever the news is serbia is in it do n't worry . 
  not sure how 's that suppose to work but i 'll give you simple example from my field . 
  people in it in germany , let 's take web developer as some blunt example , make 20 euros or more per hour . 
  people in india , philippines , ukraine , balkans do that exact same job for 5 euros or more . 
  so you as employer in germany could give those people 10 euros per hour , they would make more as they do where they live , they will get to live in germany , they will get to bring there family etc. 
  for them it would still be a win win situation . 
  for employer also , he keeps his rates to his clients or even lowers it and has lower prices and still makes double money as he would when hiring locals . 
  in few years everybody would start to do that and effectively this would lead to lowering wages for everybody . 
  these rules are against exactly that . 
  you ca n't simply import workforce for your personal profits . 
  on the other hand , when you have bigger demand and lack of resources , wages start to skyrocket . 
  this is also not good , that 's why skilled workers are always welcome and if they are skilled and all you need is skills you will pay them as anyone else . 
  this is however problematic for low paying jobs if you do n't have enough locals . 
  there is just so much money you are willing to pay cleaning lady and screening process for that kind of profile is rather problematic . 
  what germany is doing every now and then , like with this refugee crisis , is letting any number of people come in and using them as workforce to keep wages in some range . 
  german economy is now at its peak , with lowest unemployment rates since reunification with 21 billion euros of surplus just in first half of this year . 
  german people are essentially dying out trough low birthrates and to support ever growing economy you need resources and those are people . 
  look , thing is , all you 've said is true . 
  precision and execution of that action was so remarkable that it could be in books . 
  after not accepting a two state solution ( z4 plan ) , there was nothing else to do . 
  like you said , serbian side did n't accept any diplomatic solution . 
  people were on the move because that was trained military plan , if we loose this is how we get out . 
  so , basically when people were already on the move there was no need to shoot at them , they were doing the best possible solution for croatian state , just leave . 
  i am 100 % sure , from everything i know , that that action was also agreed upon with milosevic . 
  he needed that people to repopulate and change ethical structure of kosovo because he knew what would happen down the road . 
  i am also 100 % sure that end result is exactly what president tudjman wanted . 
  he even said it on his dead bed . 
  i would say , if something was 30 % and after 10 days it 's 2-3 % one would call that cleansing . 
  could it really be solved in any other way ? 
  i doubt it . 
  there were all series of bad things done to serbian people before and after operation storm and claiming that , that one event is the biggest and worst is simply bad politics . 
  i personally do n't hold any grudges against croatia . 
  it is a free country , i can come and go as i please . 
  i even have citizenship . 
  i still consider it my country as well as germany and serbia . 
  i like to go there , i like to talk to people . 
  croatia holds for me all my best childhood memories and just hearing that accent makes me feel good . 
  i do n't care what happened and what you call it today and who said what and where the borders are . 
  i like karlovac like i love novi sad and stuttgart . 
  i think that people of yugoslavia were something special and that we altogether could done much better as we do separated like this . 
  well , that 's very very hard question . 
  we left because army said we ca n't protect you any more . 
  we lost and we can only guaranty you passage to bosnia and you should try to go to serbia . 
  there was no direct order , nobody threatened to kill us but it is a war and if enemy army is coming you run away , that 's kind of instinctive reaction . 
  depending who get 's to you first , you have 50/50 chance to live or die . 
  for those who stayed it was more like 8/10 , so it was not that bad but people were killed . 
  so reaction to flee was normal . 
  i consider myself ethnically cleansed but i blame milosevic and tudjman equally for that . 
  vast majority of syrians are targeting germany , sweden is second choice . 
  for most of them it 's decision of where you have family or someone you know . 
  those rigid requirements are there because there are literally billions of people living below poverty line and everybody wants to live better . 
  germany said , ok we ca n't help everybody but we will take what we need and only those in absolute need . 
  so only refugees and not economic migrants . 
  this concept is breaking apart right now and very few want to admit that . 
  with rise of internet and social media everybody on this planet can get information where is life better , how to get there etc. 
  30 % of `` syrian refugees '' are not even from syria , they are from afghanistan , eritrea etc. 
  last week in serbian news they showed big pile of torn documents in front of hungarian border . 
  there were documents from all over the middle east and africa . 
  all in all very sad situation for everybody . 
  yesterday , there were kurdish pkk demonstrations in stuttgart , mannheim , bern in switzerland . 
  they clashed against erdogan supporters and police had to separate them . 
  just a small preview what will happen in future what kind of problems all those people bring with them and how delusional are all of those who speak about integration and assimilation . 
  i was with krajina serbs who fled during operation storm . 
  we literally left 24 hours before croatian army came in . 
  i would like to give only you my story and not post it publicly because when combined with my previous reddit posts it really narrows down who i am , 
  normally , in germany , as far as i know , there are couple of ways you can live and work there . 
  if you live in eu where germany allowed access to `` work market '' you can simply find a job , show up , register at local office and say , now i work and live here . 
  here is my address i will pay taxes next year . 
  that 's it . 
  be a student and pay for everything yourself . 
  if you live outside eu , even if you find a job you need a work permit . 
  to get a work permit , german company who is employing you needs to prove to local authorities that your job is on list of needed professions like ( it , doctor , engineers and there is maybe few more ) . 
  you ca n't be a cook or lion tamer to get work permit even if you get a job . 
  next your employer needs to prove that they tried to find someone else in that bundesland , then in germany then in entire eu and found none who fits so they have to bring you . 
  next , they need to pay you over 50.000 e a year ( this was lowered year ago to 30k ) and even if they pay you over 50k it ca n't be under average for that profession ( so they ca n't undercut local people ) . 
  if you get trough all these hoops , you are limited only too that one employer for next 3 years . 
  you ca n't just quit and find something better across the street . 
  if you loose your job in first 3 years , it 's pack your bags and leave .
