  after 3 years your are no longer obligated to work for that employer and you can work wherever you want in germany . 
  after 5 years , you no longer need to extend your work ( and stay ) permit and it is not limited . 
  you have every right like every other german citizen this entire time except voting . 
  after 8 years you can apply for citizenship where you must go trough series of tests and eventually renounce your original citizenship ( or citizenships like in my case ) . 
  next is to be life partner or child of someone who applies to all above . 
  in this case you ca n't work for a year or two ( not sure ) . 
  next is asylum . 
  this was before , as far as i know , you get safe place to stay , benefits for some period of time and if your country is designated and put on list of safe countries of origin , you get deported . 
  this is mainly in cases where countries of origin were safe during your application but were not actually on the list so your application actually comes trough but they realize months later that you are screwing with them so they deport you retroactively . 
  this was latest case with kosovo , there were thousands of people who actually started living in germany and germans said , wait wtf , there is no war there , nobody is after you , you are just munching of welfare system , get the fuck out . 
  then they say , well , we had a good run , a year in germany , all paid , better then any other year , no harm no foul . 
  i know this stories from first hand . 
  for those who came from croatia and bosnia , there was i think , quick agreement between germany and those countries to take them back because they were in position to take them back and there was no need for germany to take care of them . 
  they all said that there was no way to apply for citizenship , or they did n't know they had to or whatever . 
  in that moment when police is on your door negotiations are over . 
  a lot of people got kicked out of germany , some of my friends as well because they came like these refugees as asylum seekers . 
  if you are coming from war area then it should be granted and once your country of origin is designated as secure you get sent back . 
  that was back then and i am not sure how it is now . 
  my friends have lived and worked in germany for years and then just one night police came and gave them couple of hours to pack their things and escorted them to airport . 
  yes , but just few years ago based on skilled worker program . 
  i was actually asked to come otherwise i probably would not come . 
  actually yes . 
  lots of people sold their ak-47 . 
  we were all travelling with a car or tractor so it was easier to hide it . 
  these guys are basically walking so i guess they do n't have as many or at all but if you are running away from war you are bringing a gun at least to first safe ground that 's for sure and i do n't blame them . 
  sad thing is that those weapons end up sold to underground on black market . 
  this is very much true and i agree . 
  i was part of refugees from croatia to serbia in 1995 . 
  it was stream of 200.000-300 .000 people in just 10 days . 
  nobody checked anything , we just came in . 
  every single vehicle had some sort of weapon . 
  army guns , rifles , trophy weapons , hunting weapons you name it . 
  we needed it for self protection in that 10 days but after that everyone kept it . 
  it took rigorous police actions to take that back and i guarantee that half of those are still hidden in closets of those refugees . 
  this public talk in belgrade last week by syrian refugee pretty much sums crisis , who immigrants really are and what they want https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbj49ols24a i was using yugoslavia example on purpose . 
  i know what nato should be and what it really is and does and how it can go behind the back of un security council . 
  there will be no help to assad even from russia . 
  whole point of arab spring was to bring down regimes in place . 
  assad just wa n't let go . 
  they were even considering using nato to bring him down , like gadafi in libya but russian said no , they have their interests there to . 
  it 's started like everywhere , west founded `` people democratic uprise against ruthless ruler '' but he did n't fall like they expected and isis came from behind . 
  now there are two evils and it 's not miracle that we have 4 million refugees . 
  turks in germany live almost from end of second world war . 
  they came as workforce to rebuild country because there was simply not enough people to do it and it was still better place to live then turkey . 
  turks and yugoslavs were most of the immigrants at the time . 
  turks living in germany are mostly second and third generation and they consider themselves to be germans as well as turks . 
  that 's different mindset and they were and are generally well accepted . 
  there is even famous quote : \u201e wir riefen arbeitskr\u00e4fte , und es kamen menschen `` - we called for a workforce , but we got humans . 
  that was general opinion for a long time . 
  meanwhile , situation changed , they kept coming even though nobody asked for and that 's where tensions began to rise . 
  like i said , more people you have some ethnic group , more will they tend to group , thus integration does n't work . 
  germany has great welfare system and a lot of people , mostly , foreigners are munching of that system . 
  there are always extremists in every country that do n't like it and even take `` actions '' , example https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/nsu-prozess they can be pushy , loud , look like criminals but in general not dangerous . 
  when i said secular , it means , even in turkey religion is separated from state . 
  civil laws are above religious ones . 
  that 's mostly not the case in other muslim countries and that 's where problems in europe arise . 
  for example , husband and wife can get separated in court and children are given to mother but according to quran children belong to the father and he does n't accept `` human laws '' because god gave him right . 
  that 's why we have such high rate of rapes in sweden , if woman is not covered she is asking for it , etc etc. 
  that does n't happen with turks even though they are muslims . 
  it 's known fact that multi-culti has failed and this whole situation is making it even worse . 
  unfortunately i do n't see other way out of this . 
  they would have to rebuilt it anyway , those people need to go home someday . 
  when was it last time in history we had 4 million refugees just from one country . 
  it 's just a matter of political will to support current government or isis . 
  at least give them logistic and air support . 
  they are fighting against gerilla groups . 
  they do n't have heavy armory or aviation how hard is it really to wipe them out . 
  there is simply no will for something like that . 
  there is no place for 20 million people not just in europe but anywhere . 
  winter is coming . 
  gulf countries do n't let anyone in . 
  there is another aspect of taking in immigrants not so often mentioned in media . 
  i say this in most human way possible but numbers are numbers they do n't lie . 
  when dealing with immigration inside europe , for example if someone from romania comes to germany , not really changes on the long run . 
  eu countries have almost the same educational systems , almost same religion ( separation of religion from state ) , almost same values and what is most important same birth rate . 
  eu countries have birth rate from 1.3 ( two parents have on average 1.3 children ) up 1.9 in some countries , essentially dying out . 
  people from muslim countries ( mostly poor ones ) have average of 8.1 . 
  in just one or two generations you have complete change of population structure . 
  i am not saying that being muslim , black or poor is bad thing or there is something wrong with that but there are serious visible implications of behaving and living by intrinsic indoctrination that come from those societies . 
  they do n't integrate well because what we in eu consider integration is in islam frowned upon . 
  you can actually find it quran . 
  if you do n't integrate you find ways to group with people who are like you who understand you because you are not accepted by outside world and that is quite normal and natural flow of things . 
  in germany turks are considered as representatives of islamic people but that is not true picture . 
  turks are secular as it gets , like muslims from bosnia , there is no difference . 
  they integrate well , they been living here for generations , have almost the same life style . 
  history has shown that whenever you have muslim majority things do n't work for others , that 's just a fact do n't slam me on this one . 
  and this is what is happening right now in europe , we have massive change population structure . 
  what is worse , people are running away from those kinds of laws and power structures and alongside them always come radical islamic clerics who try to impose those same laws again on them and everybody else . 
  in the end eu will become what they were running away from ( and we with them ) . 
  i want to ask another question . 
  we are seeing numbers of refugees like 4 million in turkey already , almost million in jordan , 800.000 are expected in germany . 
  only normal solution is direct intervention of nato and stopping the war . 
  in kosovo , after first footage of refuges we heard from rudolf sharping that we do n't want another exodus we do n't want another aushwitz and yugoslavia was bombed and the rest is history . 
  now , they do n't want isis , they do n't want to support asad and we have status quo . 
  one third of syria is already left syria . 
  there are no capacities to accommodate 20 million people . 
  those who are in camps in jordan and turkey will also try to come to europe . 
  why do we have nato if not for situations like this . 
  there is no single debate about this . 
  take hour of your life and watch at least first half of this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7cblwnuccs and tell me what you think .
