  russia and china were only who stood openly against it . 
  greece was the only nato country that did n't allow usage of their air bases for attacks where on other hand non-nato country croatia gave theirs to be supporting and wished nato airplanes `` clear sky over serbia '' in every evening news ( evil twin ) . 
  there is a great german movie about whole propaganda thing and how rudolf scharping had a really hard time convincing german public to take part in that . 
  also the wwiii almost stared when after yugoslav army left kosovo and russians came first . 
  as someone stated not all serbs love russia , its 50-50 situation , very similar to germany for example . 
  fact is that if there was no russia , serbia would be fucked much more than now . 
  if yugoslav wars stared in 2005 and not in 1991 when russia was on it 's lowest point , things would play out much much differently . 
  if that 's good or bad thing i do n't want to judge . 
  edit : here is the movie , shown once on `` das erste '' and after pressure removed https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbdzsohpyws, 
  true dat, 
  yugoslavia played spain for france '98 qualifiers and the referees last name was pedersen . 
  the guy on tv said like 1000 time mr. pedersen . 
  each time situation was tricky he said it more loudly mr. pedersen . 
  we all knew what he meant . 
  by the was guy was long time alcoholic . 
  edit : here it is http://x.vukajlija.com/var/products/posters/201108/225345/i-gospodine-pedersen.jpg `` and mr. pedersen you really deserve that last name '', 
  you should take that as a compliment . 
  after first born son car is most important thing for every serbian . 
  there is a saying in serbia `` your wife comes from bosnia and car from germany !, 
  it is not anti-gay as it is anti-gay-parade . 
  people in serbia do n't really care about stuff like that . 
  people do n't care what you do in your privacy it 's just we have so many more other important stuff that needs to get much bigger attention as gay rights . 
  it 's such a marginal thing that making parade for it does n't makes sense . 
  off course there are ultra-right people who appose it openly but that 's tiny minority . 
  i also have nothing against whole gay thing but i am against parading until things like poverty , nepotism , eu or non-eu , education , health are solved . 
  not quite sure i translated the joke correctly , 
  obligatory bosnian joke . 
  bosnian shits in his windowless toilet . 
  tries , pushes , nothing happens . 
  then suddenly ( electrical ) power lines break down . 
  his wife hears him screaming from bathroom . 
  runs in opens the door and he says relevantly : '' oh good , i thought my eyes popped out '', 
  same goes for bayerish or hessish but it is still german . 
  he has a point about dialects , but it 's the same language whatever you call it . 
  there was tv series called `` dudek '' and i could n't understand half of what they were saying even though i was born there . 
  i would say there is more difference between switzerd\u00fctsch and `` normal '' german . 
  i can barely understand someone from zurich even though i live in baden w\u00fcrttemberg maybe 200km away . 
  not a german but living in germany and i have just one question . 
  why tha f. . ck are you tolerating this shit ? 
  i see it all over the place ? 
  why nobody says something ??? 
  it is your country , your home why is shit like this possible ? 
  is it so hard to say no ? 
  do n't you see an massive ego behind this shit . 
  uae , qatar , bahrein and sa are rich as germany , much closer , already muslim and more or less same language so why germany ? 
  is n't it welfare system ?!? 
  this turned up in serbian news today http://www.blic.rs/vesti/hronika/564839/bahato-prepotentni-amerikanac-maltretira-srpsku-policiju apparently there was someone from germany with him so he could clearly understand when they spoke to them in german . 
  why would canadian call us embassy for help . 
  he wanted to call us embassy . 
  you would be surprised how hard is to find english speaking person southern from england when you need it . 
  most extreme examples i witnessed are definitely hungary , greece , france and even germany . 
  i 'm talking about common people , so police officers , gas station personal etc. 
  i was stopped by german interceptors on autobahn , twice , 4 guys in total , same as here in video , not a word of english . 
  took me entire week to find and buy sim card for mobile phone . 
  was exactly like in this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igjay666wks `` das isch pfand . 
  that 's pfand . '', 
  speeding . 
  and i am pretty sure he was driving a bit to fast because in one moment he turns camera to the back where the police is and you can see concrete blocks , that 's the place where future toll booth will be so there is a sign few km before that demanding lower speed so you do n't crash into that thing . 
  that 's actually why police is there in first place . 
  he said there is no proof for speeding and they are asking him to step out and come with them because measuring gear is in the police car . 
  not sure , i think it costs less if you pay it right away . 
  5000 is probably in police station , 3500 is if you pay in bank or post and 2500 if you pay it right away . 
  something like that . 
  even though traffic police is known for bribery , these guys are actually on main highway to hungry and they are heavily controlled internally . 
  he had 10 euros and rest of the money in dinars . 
  cop gave him back money and tried to explain that he ca n't accept euros . 
  guy in video , american as he is , with all of his prejudice assumed policeman demanded bribe . 
  entire thing has actually very nice irony to it . 
  american guy assumes that serbian policeman is demanding bribe , he does n't want to step out of the car because he thinks he will get beat up or something like that , again bringing his own assumptions from america . 
  entire dispute is about what guy expects from serbian police and serbian police ca n't understand what 's the problem what is he so afraid off . 
  he makes remarks about policeman salary . 
  he comments how only foreign licence plates are stopped , like it 's a racists thing , even though police has to do that because those are roads of drugs and human trafficking etc. . . tl ; dr guy in video tries to represent police as stupid and racist , turns out he is the giant douche . 
  which in wired way lead to calling tie in serbian and croatian `` kravata ''  endless loop , stack overflow, 
  sure , no question about it . 
  i was just observing and calculating really . 
  it 's quite easy to ramp up 5 kids . 
  everyone could do it . 
  wtf are you , king edward so you need descendants take care of the realm and wast lands . 
  if you are earning just enough to feed 3 people why make more . 
  why calculate in advance that each of those kids will bring you child support money . 
  this not a question of do you really have time to raise your 5 kids properly it more of pure mathematics . 
  i mean the less money people have , more kids they have , wtf . 
  more kids they have less money to educate them and cycle goes on . 
  in the end people who raise children properly end up supporting development on undeveloped people . 
  i really , honestly think that in germany people with more then 3 kids are abusing kindergeld ( familienkasse , child support ) and that 's not specific to religion , race etc. 
  i have to confirm this . 
  i came from serbia to germany . 
  i am college graduate , had at the time 8 years of experience in it and couple of german companies wanted me to come ( to make things easier ) . 
  in the end i waited almost six months to get work permission because coming from non-eu they ( companies ) had to prove that i really possess ( special ) skills and that there is nobody in baden-wurtemberg , germany then entire eu with similar skills . 
  after dreadful process i spoke with one of my neighbors . 
  he just showed the fuck up . 
  come to nearest ausl\u00e4nderbeh\u00f6rde and like `` i am here deal with it '' . 
  he has no skills , barely can speak word of german but he came from greece , bulgaria or something from that eu area . 
  paradox in this whole thing is that only filtered and `` picked '' people come from non-eu countries and from `` better '' eu countries ( mostly poor ones ) you get everything else . 
  that picked ones are mostly doctors and engineers , having good jobs and paying tons of tax money end up essentially paying social help for those non picked ones ( from better countries ) . 
  most of all i ca n't figure out maths of `` bring your family with you '' policy . 
  sure , if that means wife and kid but from what i 've seen in germany it means bring you wife , 5 kids , make 5 more kids , bring wifes mother , your mother . 
  one working in family and 10 of them in household . 
  how that adds up financially ? 
  like , if one of them is earning from 1000-2000 a month , how is that enough for 6-10 people ?
