  so something like kosovo albanians when serbs get pounded from nato . 
  so however you turn it , serbs are doing it wrong , 
  true , you did n't do anything wrong in the beginning . 
  but it begun because your government wanted the war . 
  that was the whole point . 
  i can quote your nazi-president once again if you like . 
  kosovo should be also `` restored '' :d it definitely seems `` lost '', 
  your constitution also promised ( in writing ) that serbs have equal rights and are constitutional ethnic group just like croats , so it could not be changed without serbian consent . 
  if that was not the case there would be no croatia at all after wwii . 
  so call it what it is backstabbing . 
  fuck serbs , croatia stronk , change that . 
  tell it to deutsche welle , they are misinforming , 
  that 's the official version . 
  why were refuges shelled during escape while they were already on the run ? 
  do n't tell me it did n't happened i was there and my next door neighbor was killed like that . 
  croatian army was hosing of the streets from blood for days after that . 
  what about actions in maslenica and medacki dzep ? 
  shit happens , was not planned ? 
  why was nobody convicted for killing jna soldiers on korana bridge in karlovac ? 
  they were all found not guilty and released . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  those crimes are processed , people were prosecuted and convicted and it is known as crime . 
  on croatian side , only one , one single man has been convicted for crimes in operation storm . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  if it were n't sad it would be funny . 
  so 2000 killed in two days was false alarm ? 
  if i recall correctly your president said `` we need to hit them in a way so they disappear '' , and this speech is publicly available . 
  who are those historians ? 
  so albanians were there before 5th century before albanians even existed ?!? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_kosovo btw , entire albanian history is highly questionable , that is also a fact , mainly because it was not well documented . 
  serbia was attacked and occupied by ottoman empire hence the resistance and first and second balkan wars . 
  serbs were actually boarder between ottoman empire and western europe . 
  those are so called croatian serbs . 
  are you actually implying that albanians were ( only ) indigenous ethnic group on kosovo ? 
  when you answer yes , tell me since when ? 
  apparently we have very different history books . 
  just for you english version https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hi4kz8csyma what `` rule '' ? 
  it was end of 20th century in socialist country ? 
  all those albanian organisations had one only goal , to wait for a chance to hit and expand , same thing they do even today . 
  there were constant protests on kosovo , not just in 1989 but also in 1981 . 
  btw , started in student caffe because they were unsatisfied with food quality . 
  truth is that albainan population in kosovo exploded in numbers and demanded ever more autonomy , which they had . 
  practically country in country . 
  shit about human rights biased , everyone on all sides were fired , that was the whole economical situation in country but albanians represented it like it 's a national thing , like only they were targeted . 
  i do n't want to go to rabbit hole like you said , who came first to kosovo , and whose was it to protect . 
  only truth is that independence could be gained trough terrorist actions and we all know how that played out . 
  interesting is how everybody , including you , brings back some point in history , to justify current action but when serbs do that , that 's considered a taboo , nationalism , rewriting borders , war intentions and that 's basically what i am stating . 
  did you even read that ? 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  what the point of kosovo liberation army ? 
  to liberate kosovo from what or from whom ? 
  was there a war before kla ? 
  were albanians ever oppressed in entire history of kosovo ? 
  did you watched the movie i posted how entire thing was planned and staged and how killed terrorist were shown in civilian clothes ? 
  exactly . 
  serbs are not blaming bosniaks for serbrenica . 
  that 's stated very clearly . 
  in srebrenica and surrounding villages bosnian army killed over 3000 serbian man , women and children . 
  serbian forces came in 1995 and killed around 5000 men out of revenge . 
  that area was supposed to protected zone by dutch un forced who did n't do shit to protect first serbs and later bosniaks . 
  evidence is clear that bill klinton said to alija izatbegovic to pull out his forces before serbrenica fell . 
  he said he needs something big to which international community will react . 
  he actually said he needed 5000 dead people . 
  that is all well known and documented . 
  is that excuse for what serbs did ? 
  definitely no . 
  that single event is biggest shame on entire serbian history . 
  they racked up numbers of dead to even 7000 . 
  there people on those stones who are still alive . 
  there are people buried there who died 100 km away , people who died of natural causes etc. 
  still 5000 or 7000 is a lot , but nobody said single word about 3000 serbian causalities . 
  that is not 3,30 or 300 people , that is 3000 or more , killed under international protection in demilitarized zone . 
  all of serbian military and government were found guilty . 
  none on the other side , none !!!, 
  please give me one , at least one rational explanation how a normal human being should thing and feel about that . 
  so in a nutshell , yes . 
  that 's what 's normal folk in usa thought . 
  but guys at nato they knew exactly what was going on in the field . 
  such actions on such large scale , air attacks , cruise missile fired from adriatic see , even ground mission was planned , it was planned months ahead , it has to be . 
  there were peace negotiations in france but plans were already made . 
  whole thing had nothing to with albanians , no meter what they think . 
  usa offered milosevic few years earlier that he should give them military base in serbia and freedom of movement on whole territory in return they would protect him against prosecution in international tribunal for war crimes . 
  he said no , usa said f you like we need your permission and did it anyway  so , there you have it biggest nato base on european soil https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camp_bondsteel they could n't care less about albanians and their rights . 
  btw , wesley clark and madeleine albright own half of the kosovo telecom . 
  just to mention , i do n't think that was americas fault , like american people made decision to bomb yugoslavia for some reason . 
  these are private corporate wars for profit . 
  there is nothing , democratic and humane about it . 
  no it does n't . 
  but tell why would they kill anyone ? 
  why would they even sent police and after police was attacked and killed several times they had to send actual army ? 
  please tell me why ? 
  were they bored ? 
  there are no more wars let 's go and shoot some civilians ? 
  which civilians btw ? 
  who were they ? 
  what are their names i would really like to know ? 
  in recent history , 15-16 years or so russia ( and greece , sometimes china ) were the only one who had guts to state the obvious injustice against serbia as country . 
  when nato bombing thing started ( this is even before putins era , boris yeltsin was president ) , it was clear like a day that whole thing does n't make sense . 
  you have one country fighting terrorist organisation ( uck or kla , was on cia terrorist organisation list ) on it 's own grounds and you go bomb that country to support terrorists . 
  usa went behind uns back and started the whole thing ( without approval ) .
