most homicides happen within family or between friends and usually the perpetrator is drunk . 
  no , i have no sources to back this claim up . 
  it 's just a silly idea that popped to my mind . 
  cheer up !, 
  there will always be a future !, 
  sometimes it sucks but ... yeah . 
  shit happens . 
  why do the `` anti-gay '' people care ? 
  some people like `` unorthodox '' sex . 
  whoah some people are doing the naughty thing behind closed doors . 
  so what ? 
  why does the anti-gay crowd care so much about gay sex ? 
  fetish much ? 
  ... we 're just trying to save you estonians from liver cirrhosis . 
  we really do love you . 
  it 's just our nordic nature that forces us to express our love in a strange way . 
  i swear at least two of the come up in every wot match i play . 
  indeed good sir . 
  it 's a time honored tradition in finland to make gay swede jokes . 
  it 's a part of our inferiority complex . 
  canada happened . 
  sorry about that . 
  swedes we are no longer , russians we do not want to be . 
  let us be ... mongols ? 
  eeh , sure whatever . 
  dude ... we 're trying to have an empire moment of our own here . 
  do you mind ? 
  thank you for the link . 
  the number must remain low . 
  beer and vodka , beer and vodka ... maby whisky . 
  ok , jallu and salmari are also important . 
  sure !, 
  is that red wine ? 
  yes wine will do . 
  welp , i learned something today . 
  granted i 'm an ignorant southerner who only ever meats swedish people in stockholm . 
  thank you for your perspective . 
  wait , really ? 
  just trying to give the `` extreme '' alternative to people from the other side of the ocean ( reddit being an american web site ) . 
  unions have always been and will be an integral part of finnish employment . 
  basically a `` horror '' story . 
  individual employers may `` force '' you to join in which case it 's up to you to hold up to your rights . 
  join or do n't . 
  your choice . 
  `` they said this , they said that ! '', 
  think for yourself . 
  sorry if i mislead you . 
  the original comment was a kind of `` beware '' story about what happens if you do n't . 
  of note : pros and cons of joining a union may or may not apply to you . 
  ... you apply for a job ? 
  you apply , you get the job and it 's none of their fucking business if you belong to a union or not . 
  lots of horror stories from both sides but at the end of the day , whether or not you belong to a union is up to you alone . 
  everything else is up to stupid people and litigation . 
  there 's only power there if you 're willing to give it to them . 
  no one can truly force anyone to join . 
  that said , there is a fine balance between the unions and employers ( who also have a union of their own , to counterbalance the employees ) . 
  everyone wants the best for themselves and the employees have the best chances when they stick together . 
  not really . 
  people say many things and the union members/reps are some of the loudest people you can hear in a work place . 
  if a naive young worker , like me at the time , listens to the bullshit then it ca n't really be blamed at the government . 
  listen , learn , grow up you stupid fuck . 
  no ones fault but my own . 
  like i said , just a spooky story . 
  most probably from the union members . 
  you would n't know this as a fresh guy in the working force . 
  heard a story about a guy who was n't a union member . 
  worked a day before he was hauled to a rep and made to join . 
  the employer just did n't want to deal with a non unionised employee . 
  the regulations and the `` deals '' are already there . 
  no sense in dealing with lone wolves . 
  raivo = rage , so not fitting in this case . 
  kiukku = anger ... the sad powerless kind . 
  perfect . 
  so kiukunpuuska it is . 
  or itkupotkuraivari . 
  cryingkickingtantrum . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lyme_disease check for those ticks if you walk in high grass . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tick-borne_encephalitis, 
  there are no sources in the original post . 
  so yes , in this case akrolinas anecdotal knowledge is as reliable as this image . 
  you 're right about the costs . 
  but it did feel good to rant about this . 
  redditing while drunk just brings the daft idiot out of me . 
  sure we 're proud . 
  look at this guy and all the things he has achieved . 
  do n't think for a second that politicians or anyone with any power actually cares about him or his kernel . 
  context . 
  was replying to people talking about finland ditching microsoft for linux . 
  did you not read what people wrote before me ? 
  the guy who works in the usa ? 
  what does he have to do with finnish government , schools and public opinion ? 
  yes he is finnish but so what ? 
  it 's not like we talk about him here , unless it 's a slow news day and we need to remind ourselves how this one finn actually did something with his life . 
  ( i 'll just get back to my beer again . ), 
  i. . . did you miss the ( bitter opinion ) part ? 
  do you disagree ? 
  please educate me . 
  please respond . 
  or do n't . 
  i 'll get back to my beer .
