  just to clarify , the finnish government and people in general are very happy to suck microsoft/silverlight/adobe flash dick . 
  ( this is just my personal bitter opinion . ), 
  there is no talk about open source , linux , bsd or anything other than microsoft in finnish media , schools or government . 
  they are legally required to learn both finnish and swedish in mumintrollen school . 
  stop oppressing us you swedish supremacist tit . 
  my point was marketing . 
  sorry if i made it a bit vague . 
  it 's easier to market an artist that sings in english than in finnish . 
  you should get the greatest minds of scotland and new zealand working on that thing . 
  ca n't help adopting a vaguely american accent when you grow up watching their movies and television series and listening to their music . 
  mad max , mcleod 's daughters and bondi rescue are fighting the good fight for australia but i fear it 's not enough . 
  if you sing in finnish you 'll stay in finland . 
  finland is a small market area for musicians . 
  it 's far easier to appeal to global markets when you sing in english . 
  even if your stupid accent is obvious . 
  how would you advertise a finnish album to english or american listeners ? 
  hard to get the word out when most of them ca n't even pronounce a single songs name . 
  i do n't think it has anything to do with `` coolness '' and is almost purely a business decision . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm not drunk enough , but this makes no sense to me . 
  good luck with the studying/dabbling . 
  hope you enjoy this strange thing we call the finnish language . 
  hmm ... 
  there seems to be a miscommunication between us . 
  i shall have to consult my estonian friends to decipher your message . 
  american cats must be very intelligent indeed to be able to walk with such grace and purpose . 
  tell me , how do you worship such glorious animals ? 
  dude ... 
  someone else has an inferiority complex . 
  do n't fuck this up for us . 
  damn it !, 
  foiled again by the finnish bureaucracy . 
  why not something traditional ? 
  pissheads of perkele . 
  that actually sounds a bit catchy in english . 
  look , there 's no need to try to enforce your pseudo russian gibberish on the rest of us decent folk . 
  nothing to understand . 
  no one thinks it 's a big enough issue to start making laws on . 
  maybe if they find an animal brothel or two , people will start caring about the legality . 
  your current rent ? 
  your monthly earnings ? 
  i can live without giving away this info . 
  go dig it up if you really need it . 
  last christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you gave it away once an hour . 
  those are the rules . 
  did you just insinuate that finland is scandinavian ? 
  http://satwcomic.com/party-crasher i 'm sorry ... 
  i just had to . 
  there are a few nasty diseases that you can catch from those little fuckers . 
  plus , it 's never funny to find one or two hanging from your balls after a day or two in the woods . 
  it 's a sauna . 
  why would you try to sexualize it ? 
  it 's a place of relaxation and cleansing in 80-100 degrees celsius . 
  get your mind out of the gutter . 
  right after i posted it ... `` why did n't i write tank you ? '', 
  wasted a perfectly good opportunity for a dad joke . 
  thank you for the tanks . 
  was a real bargain . 
  it 's a helsinki thing to call the rest of finland a land of parasites . 
  why wo n't these selfish fucks just move to helsinki and service their betters . 
  i actually like the way the inside looks . 
  no frills , no nonsense , just a place made for it 's purpose . 
  you ca n't just go and drown !, 
  first one opens their fly . 
  only after the fly opening is it appropriate to drown . 
  :d never heard of short circuit before you mentioned it . 
  this one ? 
  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091949/?ref_=ttfc_fc_tt might have to look it up . 
  the whole thing seems to be on youtube but should i find a better version ? 
  fully automatic = no dissassemble ? 
  i do n't quite follow but ok . 
  aah a border guard system . 
  cool , though useless if actual war were to break out . 
  horse meat is the bees knees !, 
  the fact that hevosteemakkara is hard to find where i live is a damn shame . 
  what is a `` fully automatic '' military combat robot ? 
  it can function on it 's own without outside input ? 
  or , it has guns that shoot really fast ? 
  the first option sounds actually scary . 
  noni kuusinen . 
  public park , closest pururata , the forest/hill next to your pururata , your childhoods school yard and the play ground closest to the siwa/sale you bought your pussikalja from . 
  pussikalja can be a very nice thing indeed . 
  northern estonia would be preferable to this sweden/russia bullshit . 
  at least there 's some kind of belonging there ( drunken idiots from the north but so what ? 
  how old the car is , what it weighs and how large it 's emissions are affect the vehicle tax . 
  plus there have been cases of road worthy vehicles being rejected during annual inspection simply because of their age . 
  a certain percentage of vehicles of a certain age group need to be rejected . 
  http://yle.fi/uutiset/3-7970849 sorry for the finnish link but in the article there 's an example of 14 year old cars . 
  according to trafi ( finnish transport safety agency ) regulations , 40 % of 14 year old cars need to be rejected or the vehicle inspection station ( private company ) will become subject to tighter government monitoring . 
  it 's just a way to `` encourage '' rural people to move closer/to the big cities . 
  make it more expensive to move around , become more dependent on public transportation . 
  make it more desirable to leave your old home and job . 
  would be nice if they build more homes in the big cities to make it more affordable to move to them . 
  get out of here with that hippy nonsense . 
  owning a car is a sin . 
  you should be using trains and buses . 
  why do you hate nature ? 
  roads are only meant for trucks . 
  here 's a tax or two to punish you for your selfishness . 
  at the same time these people are wondering why people drive around in decade old cars . 
  except for jumalauta .
