  my mobile plan costs like 30 $ / month , and it has only unlimited data but no calls or texts ( rarely use them ), 
  i use like 100 gigs monthly on my phone . 
  i 'd use one as a coaster if i had one . 
  and i 've been using it as a daily for a year :p, 
  my dad has been using ubuntu for 1.5 years now . 
  only time he asked for help was a month ago , wanted to update flash . 
  one steam friend asked me why you need a psu for a pc . 
  `` ca n't you just plug it into the wall socket ? '', 
  * looks at your flair *, 
  i guess you have a single 980ti ? 
  how well does it do in 4k gaming ? 
  planning to buy one . 
  i only have 4g because the place i live in happens to be just outside of any cable/fibre connectivity . 
  shame my room has garbage signal , i only get 40-50mb / s. . . 
  well i did n't say it 's bad . 
  it 's just not the max speed i 'm supposed to get , even though it 's 10x faster than the majority of this sub . 
  never been throttled though , and i use like 250 gigs monthly on my pc . 
  well actually once , when i forgot to pay my bill :d, 
  yes . 
  just do n't uninstall it , unless you have another kernel installed . 
  mine does n't have a windows logo from factory , instead it has a ducky . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ mxbluesaresofuckingorgasmicmang, 
  my sauna rig heats up my sauna . 
  thanks amd . 
  those 3 are the most widespread . 
  when 's the last time you heard someone say `` i use bsd '' ? 
  yeah but in real life . 
  but do normal gamers know or care ? 
  i keep hearing about it but never experienced it . 
  i 'm thinking of getting a 144hz 1440p freesync panel . 
  would be noice . 
  please do n't tell me that 's a 980ti . 
  i can see it 's evga though . 
  i once bent the pins on a pentium 4 when removing the cooler . 
  straightened them with a pci slot cover and it still works after 4 years . 
  only happened to me for intel pga chips . 
  better than nothing . 
  core i3 for a display pc ? 
  celeron woulda been enough , or an atom . 
  they make excellent fridge magnets . 
  but i 'm afraid we get their internet as well . 
  i do n't want that . 
  we do n't have caps on mobile either . 
  finnish here , i pay 25 $ for 150/50 mbps lte with no data cap . 
  if windows did this to me , i 'd just wipe it completely . 
  muh games, 
  i 'm not ready to sacrifice : c, 
  maybe when i upgrade my gpu , i can use my current one for a windows vm , but i still need windows . 
  i 'd do it , but some of my games do n't work on linux : /, 
  either due to graphics drivers ( i have an amd ) , or incompatible with wine . 
  cleaner solution tho . 
  even my phone can do that . 
  if you can consider mobile garbage as games , that is ... 
  eyy i got that same mouse a week ago, 
  been loving it so far, 
  linux version of unigine heaven says that my r9 290 only has 256mb vram . 
  and i 'm trying to decide between r9 nano and r9 fury ... 
  why not ? 
  i 'll suck your dick if you update to windows 10, 
  it was painless for me when i upgraded to haswell-ws from vishera . 
  just installed 8.1 pro , and upgraded to 10 straight away . 
  i bought my 8.1 key from / r/microsoftsoftwareswap btw, 
  my school did n't give us laptops . 
  we used school owned desktops in class , but we were allowed to tinker with them all we wanted , i personally did n't even install windows on mine . 
  my desktop had a phenom ii x2 unlocked to an x4 , and 8gb of ram . 
  also dual 1080p monitors :p, 
  ctrl + l, 
  who ? 
  ultra low motion blur , i guess . 
  lol, 
  coffee masterrace, 
  but i am . 
  you 're an adult , you can play anything you want . 
  tfw your greentext is just a blue bar for me, 
  extreme overclocking, 
  what ? 
  it should be fucking 4k for that price ... 
  and your internet is shit too , judging from the double comment . 
  i got a noctua because my side panel has no window anyway . 
  amd did have one consumer chip that was lga . 
  forgot what it was called , athlon fx maybe ? 
  titan x 's vrms reach 100 \u00b0 c under load from what i heard . 
  congrats on that oc though . 
  ca n't get mine past 1100/1450 . 
  gtx-wing 480, 
  then there 's finland with our stupid hipster language that has no similarities to any language . 
  and drunk people . 
  can it run crysis ? 
  tfw my non-ref 290 overheats when gaming, 
  or get a wireless mouse like i did . 
  server ? 
  should have bought a 390 , it has more vram . 
  ca n't say anything , never had a crossfire setup : /, 
  wipe drivers with ddu and reinstall ? 
  is there a reason to stay on an older kernel ? 
  after a year of use , i can make a usable arch system in about 10 minutes :p, 
  linux does n't have games because not many people use it . 
  not many people use linux because it does n't have games . 
  see the problem ? 
  less than 50 % for me .
