  and my uncle still bought it for ps4 . 
  do n't even need that ... 
  the rx 480 should easily play games at 4k medium . 
  my 290 did , was quite surprised how well it did for it 's price . 
  my pc can do that without bfs though . 
  whatever 's the default one , idk . 
  i have a reasonably fast cpu though , xeon e3-1231v3 . 
  [ yes ] ( http://puu.sh/pt6jj/390a93d439.png ), 
  lol it 's finnish . 
  the legend edition just has a documentary about colin mcrae on blu-ray . 
  i do n't even understand what the fuck they 're all about, 
  used to their preferred program idk, 
  i always used 7-zip though . 
  2x rx 480 or wait for vega idk, 
  makes sense if you look at his name . 
  a pc with an i5 and an r9 390 + razer hdk2 costs that much ? 
  would have guessed somewhere around 2k . 
  razer hdk2 is that much too ? 
  also , mentioned the 390 because it 's the recommended minimum for vr . 
  firefox has had native 64-bit for a long time . 
  it just was n't enabled by default on windows because quite a lot of people still had 32-bit windows . 
  2x8-pin , so fury x. 
  i thought 900 $ + 80 $ shipping for vive was bad ... 
  so snaps are meant to be universal packages with all the deps contained ? 
  long time users probably wo n't care , but i think this 'll be good for new users . 
  because nvidia is a bunch of jews . 
  it bothers you ? 
  it does n't bother me at all , not that sensitive to light when i sleep . 
  because you 're not the highest level administrator . 
  found 2 aoc monitors , both have equal hardware , but one has freesync , one has gsync . 
  freesync model is 270 $ , gsync model is 450 $ . 
  almost double the price , wow . 
  well ... 
  the razer/osvr hdk2 is an interesting option . 
  hope we can make rift games work on it though . 
  ps4 can even run linux ... 
  even 3d acceleration works with minor changes to the drivers . 
  i do n't understand why america uses mm/dd/yyyy, 
  rebellion against standards for no reason ? 
  but gpu encoding will have zero impact on performance . 
  h265 is supposed to be better quality or better compression ( or both ) . 
  it should be better quality . 
  \\  gsync, 
  \\  cheap, 
  pick one, 
  but expensive when compared to it 's competitor . 
  cheapest gsync monitor in finland is 450 $ . 
  manufacturer also makes it with freesync , which costs only 270 $ . 
  stop using nouveau ? 
  we should have a `` no windows posts '' mode . 
  you should google osvr hdk2 . 
  well the rx 480 will have 8ghz effective ram speed . 
  not too far off . 
  newest drivers have always given me the best framerates , but 16.3.2 was the most stable i think . 
  catalyst was absolute junk , but that shit is discontinued . 
  amdgpu-pro is much better . 
  [ looks more like 100 fps to me ] ( http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=news_item&amp;px=steam-client-beta-vk-amdgpu ) ( assuming you meant r9 290 ), 
  tbh linux has been a niche os , makes sense for amd not really caring about it ... 
  good that they finally started caring though . 
  how much is that in modern units, 
  performance is good with fglrx , yes . 
  but it 's still a bugged old piece of shit . 
  my gpu overheats when running chromium ( or any gpu accelerated browser ) if i have fglrx enabled , among other stuff . 
  good for you i guess . 
  i have issues on all the drivers . 
  with amdgpu-pro , steam crashes randomly . 
  connecting both monitors to the gpu would help . 
  then why is it only used in one country ? 
  never tried this setup , so i do n't know ... : /, 
  but it makes no sense to me . 
  100f is human body temp and 0f is ? 
  celcius is easier to remember . 
  0 = water freeze , 100 = water boils . 
  what happened ? 
  damn , nice . 
  osex, 
  i do n't mind seeing regular gifs on mobile unless they 're like 200mb in size . 
  4k is even crisper :3, 
  love the fact that do n't need any aa, 
  if it 's really as fast as an r9 nano , should play anything at at least medium settings . 
  well i 'm not concerned about data usage , as i have unlimited . 
  good to have these bots though for people who have data caps . 
  worth it . 
  i just have a g27 :(, 
  you can block them on wifi on every device with a router . 
  just need a linux based router ( maybe with an old pc ) , and use an ad-blocking / etc/hosts file . 
  use a flash blocker . 
  breaking news : newer product is faster, 
  an irrelevant unit that americans use because they 're too lazy to change to worldwide standards . 
  i can use my steam controller to control my mouse just by installing steam . 
  still no linux port :(, 
  you should use a separate machine for a server if you plan on 24/7 uptime . 
  in this gif , no . 
  in games , you will be able to tell a difference between 60 and 100 fps on a 60hz screen , as lowered input lag . 
  the sad thing is that both games are fucking great ... 
  facebook sucks . 
  got a 7-day postblock for calling someone a bundle of sticks . 
  i like google auth . 
  it can also supply facebook and discord 2fa codes . 
  so i ca n't use my g27 ?
