  ( sorry for non-english , ca n't change it ), 
  you can play a whole lot of other games on it too , but i do n't see how it makes it relevant to this sub ( or others than ones for selling ) . 
  what do you mean, 
  looks horrible though . 
  i 'm fine with the normal mobile site . 
  you can block apps from using data in the background , or mobile data completely so it only works in wifi . 
  ca n't see it on mobile . 
  i bought a g27 a bit before g29 was released , apart from old-looking driver panel it 's awesome . 
  you can disable them though . 
  i like to play support on poundemonium . 
  because it 's the only way to see messages on mobile ? 
  but they wo n't run at all . 
  change to amd, 
  always been my favorite color . 
  aim for the head , fill it with lead , ez, 
  tfw i have sometimes accidentally sold a gun i just bought, 
  like one time as mando i bought the sa80 , filled it , then sold , when i meant to sell the ar15 . 
  ( i was tired af ), 
  hell i have to charge mid-day on my op3 . 
  i use it all the time tho , browsing reddit and facebook mainly . 
  it is a bitch to install , but i 've installed mine so many times it 's pretty easy :d, 
  my friend runs an rx 560 with a 2560x1080 monitor , she has n't even tried games because the gpu driver seems to have issues with ultrawide ( flickers ), 
  steamos-xpad driver is the best in my opinion . 
  you can get it [ here ] ( https://launchpad.net/~mdeslaur/+archive/ubuntu/steamos ) on ubuntu . 
  she said she 's running 4.13 rc7, 
  just checked my second accounts email , they spam me too ... 
  ( main got `` zucced '' at one point , made second account to keep in touch with internet buddies ), 
  what should i set it to ? 
  not my girlfriend . 
  and she only uses the open source drivers . 
  she only uses debian . 
  tried myself , and it does bring some serious improvements . 
  bmw scene : twice as fast, 
  classroom scene : twice as fast, 
  blenderman : significantly slower , idk why, 
  i have a similar kit but 3000mhz , it ca n't even get 2933mhz on prime x370-pro, 
  i like it, 
  last time i did this weekly was on containment station as sharpshooter , just keep scoring headshots and you 're fine . 
  i paid 0.05 $ per kwh when i lived in helsinki , it was nice, 
  if i understood right , you 're generating power to the electric grid yourself , and that 's why they pay you ? 
  chrome is available as . deb and . rpm for most mainstream distros to , not difficult to get running at all . 
  that 's a really shit way to install programs . 
  his regen goes faster over time , if you ca n't kill him before his first heal you 're screwed . 
  no they 're not . 
  that 's how it was the last time . 
  after his first heal he out-regened any damage my team did . 
  i was watching his hp bar , and i 'm very sure he did regen much faster over time . 
  windows ' built-in night-light thingy works straight after boot, 
  fast and small but loud as shit unless undervolted, 
  the fan is loud . 
  very audible if gaming without headphones . 
  is n't the 960 evo only 50 % more expensive, 
  you 're 2 cpu gens behind , if you were only one you 'd have an i7-5775c . 
  ( i do n't count skylake as a different gen from kaby lake ), 
  i can hear mine at 2200rpm, 
  i 'm assuming you 're talking about your vega 56 ? 
  r9 nano 's fan caps out at 3500rpm, 
  oh yeahz but it does n't actually get to that rpm . 
  max i 've seen on mine is 3500 , but it 's audible at 2200 if i 'm not wearing headphones . 
  coffee always seems to do the job for me . 
  looks fine on mobile, 
  yep , i use android , app is called sync . 
  i wonder when my prime x370-pro can boot 2933mhz more than once in a blue moon . 
  i paid that much for my 1700, 
  your internet had a heart attack . 
  this has happened to me a ton of times . 
  i just hate that there 's only 2 tabs in solid explorer ... 
  in es i could have as much as i wanted . 
  i never encountered this, 
  bitch i ca n't even get 2800mhz at any settings, 
  saw a hacker once myself too , thought it was funny tbh, 
  motherfucking sirens reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  ! cdalbinocrawlers false, 
  smaller framerates do feel smoother with freesync , at least in my opinion . 
  60fps on a 60hz screen vs 60fps on a freesync monitor , latter always feels better . 
  hope i can get mine running on prime x370-pro soon ... 
  i have the same kit , no bios yet has been able to get it running at rated speeds . 
  a friend of mine also has this kit , and works fine with xmp enabled on his gigabyte board ... 
  you 're complaining of this ? 
  i can barely get 2666 14-15-15 ... ( prime x370-pro though ), 
   lower temperatures in idle, 
  overclocked or stock ? 
  my local chinese restaurant got a 1-star review because they serve sharkfin soup, 
  shame it requires win10 ... 
  huh , never thought of that . 
  i 'll try the other slots if i can get them fit lmao, 
  so totally different from fh3 ? 
  downloading right now , hopefully runs well on r9 nano . 
  that 's terrible ... 
  barely keeping 1400mhz : i, 
  maybe they could do undervolt tests as well ? 
  no i just hate platform locking . 
  do you think vega is doomed , or will its issues be fixed over time ? 
  hopefully vega 11 will be good for gaming and not too power hungry then : /, 
  amd shoulda made separate gaming and compute chips like nvidia . 
  i tried soc voltage over multiple oc attempts and it did nothing, 
  i 'm stuck at 2666mhz , no setting i 've tried helps . 
  i think i just have garbage ram . 
  i 'd love amd arm cpus in phones tbh, 
  you 're a complete lemon,
