  since you have an amd , i recommend installing the open source driver . 
  it 's much more stable , and also catching the proprietary driver in performance . 
  and my mom was complaining about my 160 $ ducky . 
  i do n't have a black sky , but the sky 's texture is corrupted . 
  does n't matter to me that much though , since framerate is fine . 
  same in finland , but the actual ip addresses are blocked : /, 
  i paid about the same for my kit . 
  that was a year ago though . 
  it started happening after i repasted it . 
  so i know it wss my own fault : i, 
  will my fx-8320 bottleneck a 980ti ? 
  but sheep will claim that apple did it first . 
  good . 
  now if finland 's prices were n't horrible . 
  ( 800 $ for a reference card ), 
  fuck off with your fahrenheit, 
  windows does not have it enabled , but includes all the code for it . 
  you just have to install a patch . 
  it will cause driver errors and shit though , so just install a 64-bit os . 
  150 down , no stutter . 
  i hate the lack of 4k tho . 
  i would , but too lazy to upload to imgur atm . 
  the version in ubuntu repo is outdated i think . 
  oibaf ppa has mesa 11 . 
  so normal toilet paper ? 
  apple sheep with a brain ? 
  : o now i 've seen it all . 
  i think it 's been there since kde 4, 
  tfw only 3 years, 
  tfw i was 8, 
  \\  implying linux is n't perfect, 
  played on consoles for most of my life , only discovering the glory of pc in 2012, 
  it still should not be this hot . 
  my guess is bad thermal paste or badly applied cooler . 
  your setup is not perfect then . 
  go for intel or wait for zen . 
  what does -- recheck do ? 
  tfw firefox does n't play youtube properly, 
  on my last year in school , i only used linux . 
  we had our personal pc 's that we were allowed to do basically anything with . 
  ( but still owned by the school ), 
  but what does it recheck and why is it beneficial ? 
  i put ubuntu on my dad 's laptop . 
  he 's still a drunk old bastard :d, 
  smoothly , without frame drops or buffering . 
  only chrome/ium is capable of that in my experience . 
  i have fast internet , but framedrops ruin youtube for me . 
  especially in 60fps and/or 4k videos . 
  all i have is issues with firefox . 
  tfw my home connection is almost the same speed, 
  i think windows 10 has workspaces now . 
  it 's kinda like dual monitor . 
  i did nazi that coming, 
  \\  uefi, 
  i have never had issues with uefi : i, 
  yeah , because people buy gaming laptops to look at them instead of using them . 
  \\  hard to use, 
  pick one . 
  and i 'm getting 24gb :d, 
  oh god , i hate that buggy shit . 
  everything worked fine until i decided to turn on iommu to try the pci passthrough thing . 
  did n't get it to work , i go turn off iommu , my usb ports no longer work if iommu is turned off . 
  i ca n't see anything wrong with it . 
  or do you mean secure boot , that can be disabled on almost any pc ? 
  great . 
  now if i just had the balls to play horror games . 
  funny thing , i have deodorant that says `` turbo '', 
  needless to say , it did not include an exhaust-gas powered air compressor meant for internal combustion engines . 
  tfw no car, 
  i do n't . 
  should i ? 
  free os !, 
  price : your soul, 
  tfw no integrated graphics, 
  same thing basically . 
  i would n't call mine low-end , more like budget enthusiast . 
  ( amd fx-8320 ), 
  what if my monitor 's resolution is 4 ps4 ? 
  does it help if i buy more merch from you ? 
  already have a burning earth shirt and coffee mug c :, 
  bitch i still have an athlon xp ( not in active use though ), 
  you should censor your name better , thepinkbeanie ( ? ), 
  sales ftw, 
  correct . 
  phenom ii and earlier did have igp on chipset . 
  if i unplug my xbox 360 controller dongle , windows requires me to reinstall it 's drivers . 
  on linux it just works . 
  ( might be because it 's counterfeit , but still ), 
  i 'm sure flicking the power switch interrupts it . 
  reminds me of a guy i know on facebook . 
  he has a rig with an i7-5960x and a titan x , calls everyone with a 750ti or slower peasants . 
  sadly they do n't work very well . 
  i get graphical corruption in some tracks like nurburgring and zandvoort :(, 
  thank god i live in finland and have actually unlimited data . 
  i 've spent time with so much retards that i 've become immune . 
  and nobody cared that kids in my school drew swastikas . 
  no , windows 's opengl drivers are . 
  just update from manufacturer 's website and it should fix it . 
  update drivers from intel website . 
  i have that .
