  but you still ca n't get anything as powerful at this size . 
  they dont work in the web version ? 
  media keys work fine on google music in chrome, 
  there 's probably a reason for it 's low price . 
  i went from 4k60 to 1440p144 with freesync , glorious . 
  kinda miss all those pixels tho . 
  i do n't get armor as medic or berserker until like wave 5 or 6 : i, 
  did you check if the server ping is ok ? 
  does it only work on firepro cards ( or whatever they call professional cards now ) , or can i use them with a consumer card ? 
  rx 470 and a cx430, 
  the original did n't have lmgs . 
  i think it 'd be difficult to balance them too . 
  loved the m99 : <, 
  i just tend to only use the medic ar , and chuck the rest of my dosh to teammates . 
  it heals well enough , and my brain ca n't do the weapon switch when medigun charge is empty . 
  at 1080p you should be able to max the game out completely . 
  i do n't think kf2 is really a cpu intensive game , so it should be fine . 
  i played just fine on an overclocked fx-8320 before . 
  i do n't really have a favorite loadout , but my favorite character is classic briar . 
  well , online gaming does n't really use that much data ... 
  unless newer games use more , idk . 
  i wish i could find a barebones laptop where i could install my own cpu and gpu : /, 
  but i guess not enough people want that . 
  my nano idles at 35c , and only goes to 75c under load . 
  need one from europe though . 
  looked at eurocom and they charge like 90 $ for shipping . 
  tfw reference cooler, 
  shit , now all i got ta do is save the money to afford this, 
  he 's so fucking skinny you ca n't hit him, 
  if price is n't an issue , mg279q, 
  fury x has enough memory ... my nano could handle witcher 3 at 1440p ultra no problem . 
  at this resolution , vram bandwidth starts to matter more than amount . 
  mg279q can do 60-144hz with a modded driver though . 
  still works at under 60hz because of lfc . 
  lol i did n't read the whole thing . 
  i do n't know about the mg248q . 
  amd drivers can swap texture data to system ram without any performance dip though . 
  nh-d15 if it fits in your case . 
  try setting frequency and timings manually ? 
  ips with really accurate colors is one thing . 
  some say the crap freesync range is a dealbreaker but you can change that with no issuesm, 
  it only supports 35-90hz freesync range out of the box . 
  modded driver changes that to 60-144hz . 
  install is quite simple , had to reboot with driver signature check turned off and install it from device manager . 
  there 's lfc , low framerate compensation . 
  basically makes the lower end of the freesync range irrelevant , and it works down to 20hz regardless of range . 
  they do n't have swedish keyboards . 
  reminder : drm only hinders legitimate customers, 
  shit will be pirated regardless of how strong drm or antitamper you implement, 
  if boris played the game regularly , i think he 'd be a great promotional character to have in the game . 
  * gets hit * ay blyat !, 
  i hope . 
  i had a pair of tritton 720 + , decided to get beyerdynamic dt770 pros after the headband cracked and earmuffs became uncomfortably hard . 
  night and day difference in audio quality , even through onboard soundcard . 
  i wish i could use steam when i have this damn driver installed . 
  had an msi r9 290 , was alright in terms of performance , but the twinfrozr cooler was shit . 
  i use a single deagle for trash , dual .500 magnums for large zeds . 
  works decently well . 
  well , they are n't . 
  except the old fglrx driver . 
  i still used a 8800gt couple of years ago ... got it free from a friend , as i was kinda poor back then : /, 
  that was the last nvidia card i ever used though . 
  wraith cooler is dope though, 
  windows 10 autoinstalled candy crush on my system . 
  if people want to keep using their software and most games , they have to deal with microsoft 's bullshit . 
  i can use linux very well , the transition would n't be difficult for me , but i like my games so i spend most of my time on windows 10 : /, 
  an r9 nano , financial situation is a bit better now . 
  all my modern cards have been amd . 
  mine ca n't even run the other tf2 maxed . 
  performance has been quite nice . 
  i can run witcher 3 at 1440p ultra lol, 
  open steam in offline mode and your perks will be temporarily lvl 0 ( until you log in ), 
  [ it 's possible ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfexgapqigi ), 
  fury if you can get one cheap, 
  you do n't need to lower fs range , there 's low-framerate compensation . 
  this is why mine 's at 60-144hz . 
  no idea lol, 
  oh yeah , forgot that ... 
  mine is less than 2.5 x though , but more than 2x , works fine . 
  so get soft tubing without plasticizer ? 
  i 'm sure such tubing exists . 
  get the fury, 
  msaa kills performance in gta v, 
  what about vp9 , which is youtube 's default format ? 
  at small resolutions yeah, 
  is the 21hz increase even noticeable ? 
  yes , but personally i ca n't tell a difference between msaa 2x and fxaa . 
  fxaa is much friendlier to framerate though . 
  so can they do 1080i 300hz ? 
  my monitor shows refreshrate in the main menu . 
  when fps drops below 60 , main menu shows refresh being twice that of current framerate . 
  there 's roccat software available for linux . 
  it is pretty bad , but can kill 4 ~ clots easily if they 're close to eachother and you aim at the feet . 
  also , do n't bother killing individual clots with it , just bash their head in , save ammo for clusters of trash . 
  it does have dpi settings , is n't that what you 're looking for ? 
  well i 'm fine with 500 dpi , i never had to change anything . 
  sorry i could n't help : i, 
  no , i hate acceleration and turn it off always . 
  i just like high accuracy . 
  aisleriot package on linux is only 15mb , has way more variants .
