  i 'm guessing no . 
  2 games i love were in early access and turned out great . 
  assetto corsa and killing floor 2 . 
  last time i checked , arch has it too by default ( included in base metapackage ) , just disabled . 
  you have bash and other very good shells on linux , multiple sql servers , qemu/kvm for virtualization . 
  only thing missing is adobe , but there are open source alternatives that might do the job for you . 
  they were in early access . 
  nope . 
  where do you need a gtx 1070 ? 
  if you 're gaming at 1080p or 1440p , amd cards are fine . 
  rx 480 or r9 fury are good . 
  i do n't recommend using it unless you 're very close to patty already . 
  e.g playing zerker, 
  my current one . 
  so it 's like arch linux , but for windows ? 
  i had to update my g900 like once , the day i got it . 
  steam controller maybe twice . 
  i bricked my brother 's psp , had the great idea of removing the battery while updating . 
  he was quite pissed after that . 
  most american way to solve anything : sue em, 
  friend of mine had one . 
  he told me that the difference depends on os . 
  on windows , no big difference . 
  on linux , huge difference . 
  maybe os optimization ? 
  i get over 60 fps in forza with just 4 cores : i, 
  unless it 's someone else breathing . 
  and really fucking heavily, 
  with opencl/cuda acceleration you could . 
  it 's just that not enough people care ... 
  i 'm not really a fan of how it looks . 
  me too , linux can game just fine . 
  and almost every esports game . 
  i said almost every . 
  besides , there 's work being done to get ow working on linux . 
  it already boots to main menu on an experimental version . 
  great progress though . 
  previously it would n't even do that . 
  * install steam, 
  * open steam, 
  * click on game, 
  * press install, 
  * press play, 
  kinda difficult , right ? 
  from what i read online , it does n't . 
  besides , i think you could easily make a kernel module for game hacks ... 
  no , it depends on what games you play . 
  if you 're like 80 % of this sub and only play csgo , dota 2/lol , you can easily use linux for gaming . 
  they get installed when you install steam . 
  package managers are magic . 
  only thing you need to remember is drivers , on nvidia they 're easy to install . 
  moronix with it 's clickbait titles again . 
  the default command line shell for most linux distros is called bash . 
  it depends on what you use your computer for . 
  implying ubuntu is difficult, 
  some people do n't . 
  linux is most likely fine for them . 
  my dad has used ubuntu for almost 3 years without major issues . 
  that said , he only needs a browser and a music player lol, 
  ssd in my anus, 
  i 'd just get a non-gsync monitor tbh . 
  besides , freesync works just as well and costs way less , my mg279q is equivalent to that monitor and cost me 600 $ . 
  at the time of writing this , i 've been in rust for 609 minutes . 
  send help . 
  with vrr , fluctuating fps is n't that bad . 
  nvidia technically does , on laptops . 
  on `` gsync '' laptops , it just uses edp adaptive-sync . 
  17.1.2 has been great for me . 
  seemed to have fixed my freesync issue too , but not sure yet . 
  samsung with their useless caching bullshit, 
  was n't this published when xbox one version of fallout 4 got modding support ? 
  so run another os, 
  same . 
  i got the 80ohm version . 
  and you 'll only ever see it in benchmarks , hence useless . 
  efficiency is gay, 
  just overclock everything to the max and say fuck you to the environment, 
  i 'm kinda missing bass myself , but i ca n't find out a way to boost it without ruining sound . 
  they 'd be easy to implement , but making the actual voicelines for every goddamn character takes time . 
  but why, 
  yeah i 'm using a smsl m3 right now . 
  i just feel like they do n't have enough bass lol, 
  oh nice , do n't have to boot into windows anymore . 
  unless the port sucks ass on amd , like most do . 
  host yourself ? 
  [ this ? 
  ] ( https://www.overclock3d.net/news/cpu_mainboard/intel_is_reportedly_creating_higher_clocked_kaby_lake_cpus_to_combat_ryzen/1 ), 
  i would n't be worried . 
  amd pls gib proprietary driver for arch thank, 
  i do n't do jack shit with opencl . 
  i need a good opengl stack , because majority of games use it . 
  if vulkan was supported in most games i 'd probably be fine with just their vulkan driver . 
  huge . 
  i went from 60hz 4k to 144hz 1440p , do n't miss the resolution much . 
  seems like it 's using the 460 to render everything ... wtf, 
  modern tn is n't that bad . 
  sure ips is better , but tn does the job for most people . 
  i 'm finnish , and no , it 's not . 
  norwegian maybe ? 
  you know , you can use the pro driver 's vulkan stack if you have linux 4.10 kernel .
