  why did you underclock your 6700k, 
  rekt, 
  yup , i just wanted to make a short guide . 
  i have n't felt this feel yet . 
  640kb should be enough for anyone . 
  i literally never use it wired unless i have to . 
  ( forgot to charge ), 
  i 'm using arch . 
  performance still sucks compared to windows drivers , or nvidia . 
  it does run on linux tho . 
  we do n't need no native versions . 
  whatcha making in blender, 
  does have 4 real cores tho , and a much better igpu . 
  it 's still kinda shit . 
  quite a miracle it runs at all though , considering a couple months ago you could barely run dx9 games . 
  rip . 
  i think i have a similar one , still working fine . 
  it 's my brother 's game drive . 
  yeah they have . 
  bought a 850 evo 250 gig for 99 $ in 2015 , now they 're like 120 $ . 
  you could just install windows or linux on one . 
  some models allow it . 
  might wan na get amd ryzen for better multitasking . 
  also an rx 480 is a little bit faster than a 1060 . 
  oh shit , that sucks :(, 
  consoles have tons of motion blur . 
  personally i like to use blur in games where graphics matter . 
  looks smoother to me . 
  if you have win10 pro , you can disable updates from group policy without disabling the service . 
  gta v is a whole lot smoother compared to my old i7 . 
  yes , and no . 
  i had no issues on mesa 17 or 17.1, 
  that guy looks like one annoying youtuber , i think his name 's jelly . 
  my laptop gets around the same . 
  i need a new laptop ... maybe a thinkpad . 
  what about amd vce ? 
  someone wan na do benchmarks ? 
  [ are you sure about that ? 
  ] ( https://bugs.winehq.org/attachment.cgi?id=57527 ), 
  i dunno , it 's some old acer . 
  first-gen amd apu with a dedicated hd 6740g2, 
  rekt, 
  but tbh , wine 's appdb only counts stable versions . 
  this was done on an experimental version . 
  works nevertheless ( kinda ) , and it should soon work on stable version too . 
  ahhhh i never knew that, 
  i did n't care , went to a leveling server , and used a flamethrower . 
  now i never touch it again , just wanted the achievement . 
  i think it 's on ps4 , have n't seen anyone doing this on pc . 
  goddamn sony and their long-ass verification . 
  hey that 's my old cpu . 
  got tired of quadcores , went back to amd . 
  i give my old stuff to my brother . 
  lately upgraded to ryzen so gave my xeon to him . 
  get a phenom ii , maybe some vrm heatsinks , you got a nice little system . 
  where did you buy it , and do they deliver to finland ? 
  more games would work on linux if more people made the switch . 
  i 'm not that kind of person , just to be clear . 
  i leveled to maybe lv 20-22 to know how to play , then i usually levelled the last bits on the leveling map . 
  i do n't know if i wan na trust them . 
  just gon na get a 500gb 960 evo locally : <, 
  everyone fucks up once in a while . 
  i think the games he plays are windows-only . 
  the panic can be extremely useful in certain situations . 
  if everything 's gone to shit , do you want a raged scrake to catch up to you , or flail around aimlessly for 10 seconds ? 
  that was my last achievement lol, 
  i only pirated when i did n't have much money . 
  now i 'm in a better financial situation , and buy way too much games . 
  pls help, 
  amd , good performing , and linux are things that do n't belong in the same sentence . 
  yet . 
  they absolutely need it . 
  imo 40-50 fps with freesync is better than 30 vsync . 
  direct download or torrent ? 
  you should always use torrent . 
  i 'll leave mine seeding btw . 
  i think they said vulkan will be supported , maybe at a later date . 
  what the fuck , minecraft is just a bunch of microtransactions now, 
  paying for skins ... fuck off . 
  i used the custom driver method . 
  i ca n't remember how many points i have but it 's not even much : i, 
  i think it 's still in pre-alpha . 
  performance is great tho , because ue4 is magic or some shit . 
  what if someone has really fat legs, 
  i had the opposite experience . 
  you have a better cpu , that 's why . 
  it is still a good cpu , but ipc is quite a bit lower compared to intel , or even amd excavator ( latest apus like a12-9800 ) , let alone ryzen . 
  well it 's canada . 
  finland is great with mobile prices . 
  i 'm paying 20 $ / month for unlimited everything with 50mb/s lte , and 30 $ / month for my mobile broadband at home , 150mb/s :d, 
  not even sorry for bragging . 
  implying you have security on windows anyway, 
  yup , minecraft 's renderer is terribly optimized . 
  thankfully there 's a project to fix that , named nova . 
  it 's from the same team that made continuum shaders . 
  one time a player used money on spare katanas instead of giving it to my friend who died last wave and was low on dosh, 
  as medic and firebug , till boss . 
  support , maybe till wave 7 . 
  rest , sell it immediately . 
  5.56 mm rounds are n't used in smgs,
