  even cpus and ram in some cases . 
  asus always has blue boards . 
  mine 's a bit boring , but it 's on my flair if you really wan na see . 
  i just bought the g602 . 
  fuck wires . 
  almost all steelseries mice seem to be ambidextrous . 
  tfw 150mbps lte with no cap, 
  unlimited masterrace, 
  atleast it 's not on csgo . 
  also , linux masterrace, 
  2000 hours in tf2 in only 2 years or so, 
  i have a d15 on my xeon e3, 
  twice the perf of a 950 ? 
  i do n't use that chip anymore , as i upgraded to intel from an impulse buy :d, 
  tfw no edge \u2122, 
  shine 3 bros !, 
  mine has white bl and blue switches, 
  eat it . 
  i feel like i 'm the only one who actually plays the damn game . 
  blues 4 life, 
  looks alright to me . 
  / thread, 
  dna finland is my carrier , and i assume you 're in the us . 
  sorry to bring your hopes up for nothing :d, 
  btw i pay 20 $ / month for this . 
  but i have the freedom to take cheap , unlimited internet where i want in the country , 
  what oil should i use ? 
  no i do n't think i ever posted it there . 
  only here once . 
  my pc is about the same ( xeon 1231v3 , r9 290 ) , but i use catalyst . 
  would the game work ? 
  all i had with mesa was framerate stutter . 
  dropped down to 20 fps sometimes . 
  using catalyst fixed it . 
  i have an r9 290 btw . 
  i have the same issue in tf2 , but i just bound a key to swap between linux and windows sensitivity . 
  also , i ca n't seem to be able to build that tool you made : /, 
  lucky you . 
  i ca n't even start the game . 
  it does n't crash , it just loads forever . 
  nothing in terminal , but it does max out 2 of my cores when it 's `` loading '', 
  iotop says it 's not even reading from disk . 
  oh shit , never thought of that ... 
  i just downloaded it though . 
  is that buckling springs i hear ? 
  verified , still does n't start . 
  could be because i have an amd gpu ? 
  shame i 'm a cherry mx blue peasant :(, 
  phoronix tested it , and it did start for him with amd . 
  i 'm expecting the game to at least start , even if framerates are garbage . 
  catalyst 15.12, 
  card is r9 290, 
  it is crimson driver . 
  yeah i 'm thinking of selling this and getting a 980ti ... 
  not sure if i have multilib , i 'll check soon . 
  i was a peasant when i was 15 . 
  i 'm quite sure that dc fans report their speed to the motherboard ... 
  i have 2 , i can see both of their rpm . 
  reinstall windows ? 
  meh , nvidia still requires a bridge for multi-gpu . 
  looks ugly . 
  maybe it 's just predicting your future . 
  gnome 3 pleb here, 
  it uses so little power , so who cares . 
  are n't msi twinfrozrs loud as shit ? 
  mine sure is . 
  it was made to run linux , so i would n't install windows on one . 
  eyy i 've had arch with gnome for a long time, 
  phenom ii x3 bottlenecked an r9 270x quite a bit . 
  swapping it to an fx-6300 boosted performance a lot . 
  the caps still may have a charge . 
  also , dat oc on your r9 290, 
  just 75 hours . 
  on other note , i just got the g602 . 
  it 's amazing , feels so good to not have a stupid braided cable getting stuck to every single thing . 
  i had a piledriver , now i have a haswell so i guess i am qualified to talk about it :d, 
  the 8-core performed just fine in just about every task i threw at it , with the exception of some poorly threaded games ( like minecraft and arma 3 ), 
  going to a haswell did n't boost framerates at much , if not at all . 
  mainly only power consumption and post times went much lower . 
  he only got it for exclusives , like most gamers do . 
  i put sugar in my tea : /, 
  why should n't i ? 
  wait . 
  there 's fake honey ? 
  ddr3 on a gpu is the first sign of it being shit . 
  that god i do n't have a sister . 
  it 's actually not that bad of an idea imo . 
  why does forbes have to have that stupid welcome page ... 
  it does ? 
  not for me . 
  what a well ported game if a language setting makes it fail to start . 
  i do n't know if i 've even seen fake honey here ... 
  i assume most of it is real . 
  i ca n't even enable it , so i 'm good . 
  could be dead . 
  1gb used to be like 1 minute for me . 
  then i had to move and now i get 30-40mbps ... 
  i do use it . 
  but it 's either loudness or overheating . 
  mine overheats anyway , 92c on full load usually .
