  on linux , it 'll just add another letter after it . 
  for example , after / dev/sdz comes / dev/sdaa, 
  so an underclocked hd 7790 will soon play games at 4k 60fps . 
  mhm . 
  you can customize lightdm , do n't need to keep it like that xp, 
  i knew windows 10 wo n't be actually free . 
  i 'm probably the only one who has never had issues with sound . 
  alsa  pulse, 
  have you enabled multilib , and installed lib32-libpulse ? 
  wine plz, 
  i store all my games on a hdd . 
  \\ #smallssdproblems, 
  block all of them with a firewall ? 
  i 'm a filthy leecher  , 
  my upload speeds are fine ( 40mb/s ) , but i 'm just too lazy to put up a seeder box . 
  i have a 120gb that my brother bought 3 years ago as a xmas present . 
  4k works well for media consumption too if one has fast internet . 
  also games , but you need to drop graphics settings . 
  muh bottleneck, 
  on my local store , there was a 4gb stick of ram for 40000 $ . 
  it 's now unlisted though : /, 
  so much dedotaded wam, 
  that 's what they want you to believe . 
  i 'm '94 as well , only had my account 3 years . 
  tfw been a blind peasant for most my life ; _ ;, 
  rest in piece , my knockoff wireless xbox 360 controller dongle . 
  why not play a superior version on linux ? 
  i ordered my monitor online from a store that has their own delivery service . 
  costs a ton , but guaranteed to get my expensive monitor in one piece . 
  on the windows version , ( mooning ) emoticon is censored , but not on the linux version . 
  possibly 2x 1600x900 monitors ? 
  b-but muh hints, 
  i hope amd zen will be good : /, 
  / tmp full is my guess . 
  the fuck is wrong with people . 
  used to be example 1 , but now i 'm kinda 3 . 
  i pirate only if it 's not available in any other means , and sometimes if i want to try a game/software . 
  as a 290 owner , me too . 
  if it does n't , my only choice is to buy a gtx 980 . 
  the 295 reminds me of a vhs tape for some reason o_o, 
  i did , but not anymore . 
  but only on intel . 
  yet finnish is completely translated with only 5 million speakers . 
  i have an older nvidia on my secondary pc , and it 's performance is just fine : /, 
   excellent hidpi support, 
  count me in . 
  windows 10 has n't re-enabled secure boot on my pc . 
  maybe because i have a store-bought asus board ? 
  ( not prebuilt , i mean ), 
  tfw free school in my country, 
  i want my phone 's battery to last thru the whole day , and not lag . 
  facebook app blocks the latter from happening . 
  how much dosh do i need to spend to achieve that ? 
  tfw dedicated calculator key, 
  my 45-year old dad knows how to use ubuntu , although he only uses a web browser . 
  still , why the heck would he need windows just to browse web ? 
  it was my old laptop that was way too slow for me . 
  sold it to the old fart for 50 $ . 
  block all their ip addresses in the firewall . 
  done . 
  i used a 5570 when i was poor . 
  i feel ya :(, 
  finnish internet is kinda good . 
  4g lte , 150mb/s , unlimited for 30 $ / month, 
  otherwise good , but ping is quite high ( 27ms to nearest server , compared to 3ms i got with cable ) , and i can only forward 9 ports : /, 
  and what 's wrong with amd ? 
  i own a 290 , have n't had any issues with it on windows . 
  only ps3 game i care about is gran turismo 6, 
  on my favorite tf2 server , it raised ping from 50 to 80 :(, 
  too high dpi for my taste . 
  thinkpad ftw, 
  yup . 
  linux does n't force you to restart either . 
  wtf is wrong with windows ? 
  or you could change now , and tell the devs that you want your games to work . 
  i used ubuntu exclusively for 3 months . 
  learned a lot , but i still got ta use windows for games : /, 
  i just set text to 125 % and it looks fine for me . 
  windows scaling does work fine , if you 're on 8.1 or 10 . 
  linux does all of those perfectly fine . 
  now if people just stopped being retards , linux would conquer the world . 
  twinfrozr iv sucks . 
  i have one and it 's so fucking loud . 
  like a jet after 40 % fanspeed . 
  i was paying for `` up to 100mb/s '' . 
  always got that 100mb/s . 
  i can barely take a piss waiting for the pc version to load . 
  probably your cpu . 
  i 'm running the game from a 5400rpm drive and it does n't stutter . 
  what 's a keurig ? 
  go for a ducky . 
  who the hell buys a 700 $ gpu to play at 1080p ? 
  oh , we have those in europe , just not that specific one :p, 
  maybe at 1440p 144hz , but for 1080p 144hz a 300 $ gpu is fine . 
  can confirm . 
  got ripped off for a butterfly knife . 
  paid 50 $ , real value 10 $ . 
  ( am from finland ), 
  tfw linux has more games than `` next-gen '' consoles, 
  first android version i used was 2.2 :p,
