  i know , wanted to test anyway :d, 
  i 'm doing that now . 
  i just wanted to see how well it runs on the pro drivers lol, 
  i 'd like to test if that kernel makes any improvement in fps , but i do n't know how to build it on arch : i, 
  actually you should recommend the r7 1700 ... 
  have heard from people that it clocks the best . 
  same in finland lmao, 
  drop the quality to high . 
  helped me a lot . 
  well it 's still more than linux . 
  i remember when i got a 1gb memory card for my phone in like 2009 ... 
  that 's about as much as i use on my smartphone : i, 
  really sucks . 
  what about a gay razor blade ? 
  such a good cooler , but so damn ugly . 
  implying ios is the only mobile os, 
  testing stuff in ue4 :p, 
  but a ryzen 7 cpu will dominate in any other workload besides gaming . 
  a developer might want a 16-thread cpu with high clockspeed and an affordable price . 
  [ mfw i get my r7 1700 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygbp7mtt3ac ), 
  does it ? 
  i tried recording with relive , at 1080p 60fps , 30mb/s . 
  quality looks excellent . 
  my asus prime x370 pro is delayed till 24.3 , would it be worth it to refund it and buy this board instead ? 
  my poor financial situation pays off . 
  checkmate , rich cunts . 
  those xeons are 750 $ in my local shop ... 
  dat bang for buck, 
  o , i was recording, 
  have n't tried streaming at all . 
  feed them to chrome, 
  i 'm actually finnish , but i have a lot of aussie friends , which might have an effect on my vocabulary :p, 
  and 4800 on os x, 
  there have been bios fixes that have allowed reviewers use 3200mhz with ease . 
  which driver version ? 
  i 'm running latest development version from mesa-git . 
  i do n't have this problem on an r9 fury . 
  pcmr : windows 10 is disgusting spy/adware !, 
  me : try linux ? 
  pcmr : muh games, 
  i myself know how to use linux well , it 's just that the games i play require windows atm ... 
  i know lot of people here play overwatch , there 's a lot of work going on to getting it to work on linux . 
  it 's already kinda ( not really ) playable if you use an experimental branch of wine . 
  no linux users gets girls anyway , so the gaymen is plenty 8 ), 
  120gb of that is youtube :d, 
  i watch tons of videos , and always max quality , as my signal and plan allow it . 
  i remember reading an article that said ryzen has bios on the cpu . 
  or at least saves the settings on it . 
  ca n't remember . 
  updated to oxygenos 4 yet ? 
  better than 60 or whatever consoles lock you in, 
  phones are 6 '' or under . 
  over that , it 's a phablet or a tablet . 
  also lot of modern phones have 1440p screens , but i think they 're useless . 
  i think everyone has that . 
  i ca n't aim for shit if my hands are cold . 
  depends what generation . 
  i had a 290 that ran hot as shit , but my current r9 nano does n't hewt up my room at all . 
  shame it does n't have pcie . 
  i think it 'd be possible to emulate pcie through gpio though , but would be a massive bottleneck . 
  shoulda bought ryzen , no need to delid, 
  save us , amd . 
  depends on your luck . 
  some people in facebook tech groups have gotten 30c drops . 
  tfw i have a voodoo ii but i 'm not the original owner, 
  extremely good bang for buck if you ask me . 
  microtransacions are n't inherently bad . 
  there was a ton of drama when killing floor 2 first got microtransactions , but they are all cosmetic an optional . 
  i 'm fine with them . 
  pay2win however sucks ass . 
  well , the raspberry pi is meant to be a cheap computer . 
  something line pcie slots would increase cost . 
  besides , the pi is slow as shit . 
  my pi 2 ca n't run a linux desktop smoothly ... 
  i 'd like a wireless monitor too, 
  i think it 's normal for humans to pick a side and defend it, 
  you better delid that, 
  not even that dirty . 
  my keyboard has 2kg of beard hair under the keycaps and i 'm too lazy to clean it . 
  i ordered mine 4 hours before release . 
  cpu is reserved for me , have to wait for asus to ship mobos to finland : /, 
  i have a i7-4770 equivalent , replacing it with ryzen, 
  i do n't even own a vacuum lmao, 
  they should make a model with a faster soc , like a snapdragon 820 . 
  oh yeah , breaking promises is bad, 
  \\  phone vr, 
  just get a rift or vive lmao, 
  i just updated to 4.0 , have n't bothered to install hotfixes as i 'm rooted . 
  there are a ton of tech groups on facebook , but most are fanboy-filled cancer, 
  good os  game library, 
  i used it with 2 , worked fine, 
  because it works, 
  if you can read instructions , it 's a piece of cake . 
  canary version has been available for a long time , but stable only came out recently . 
  it supports a small part of dx11 features , but enough to get some games working . 
  well , android is just a java vm running on linux kernel . 
  you can get a linux desktop running quite easily though , there are apps for that . 
  i believe arch, 
  yeah but it sucked, 
  same .
