  it 's alright , even on a keyboard . 
  ( does n't recognize my xbox 360 controller ), 
  i 'm better at driving with a keyboard than a controller . 
  ( excluding racing wheels ), 
  but i wan na play forza , and i do n't wan na buy an xbox ... : c, 
  does it have a working linux version yet ? 
  i mostly talk with 1 friend anyway , so skype works just fine for me . 
  lots of practice , boy . 
  you can do gpu passthru with qemu/kvm , xen , and iirc vmware . 
  i had an msi r9 290 . 
  shit was loud yo, 
  shoulda saved for 990 pro :(, 
  i have blues and nobody has ever come complaining . 
  i have only used teamspeak of these 2 , what 's wrong with discord ? 
  i use non-ecc ram with a xeon . 
  whatcha gon na do about it ? 
  none ? 
  my most expensive hat cost 56 $ in market . 
  am i a good player now dad ? 
  should n't a server have reliable cooling ? 
  looks like normal prices in finland . 
  help us . 
  thankfully i live in finland , where nights are 10 \u00b0 c in late spring . 
  custom loop m89, 
  exhaust fan on the sidepanel helps . 
  dropped my r9 290 's temp by 5 \u00b0 c. 
  does n't even need to be a good fan , i used one from a 212 evo . 
  that 's 41 \u00b0 c for my fellow eurofags . 
  nano is a loud little beast . 
  it 's a nice card , but mine is feeling lonely :(, 
  390 probably runs cooler . 
  for me , the reason was price . 
  nano was on sale for 560 $ , whereas a sapphire fury was 650 $ . 
  do you need 2 for 1440p ? 
  i 'm running kinda fine at 4k with just 1 . 
  does your 8350 bottleneck it at all ? 
  i got an overpriced ram kit for my 21st bday . 
  hopefully i can get a second r9 nano for my 22nd 8 ), 
  it wo n't be . 
  either polaris 10 or vega , not sure how they will name them . 
  breaking news : overclocked card outperforms a stock clocked card, 
  wd greens are alright . 
  used one as a game/data drive for 2 years soon , it 's fast enough and very quiet . 
  but light sodas taste absolutely disgusting . 
  i 'm going to be dead in 20-25 years anyway , so it does n't matter to me . 
  solution for the steamwebhelper crash is to set windows version to xp in winecfg . 
  air or custom loop . 
  tfw r9 nano, 
  i 'm an amd fanboi , but even i know that current nvidia cards overclock way better than amd . 
   1100mhz on an r9 290 is considered good, 
  vulkan is mantle , no need to mention both . 
  4.7 ghz 8-core vishera gets about the same cb15 score as a 4-core/8-thread haswell at 3.8 ghz, 
  been very happy . 
  my keyboard has mx blues and i keep my snowball right next to it . 
  i do n't talk much though , so does n't matter . 
  my parents and grandparents know how to use computers quite well : i, 
  my dad even uses ubuntu , and people say it 's hard lol, 
  i still got all on ps2 . 
  ohh ... 
  missed that part ( was tired ) , do n't know how to help with that : /, 
  i really do n't care for ultrawide , but been looking for a freesync 1440p monitor for gaming , and leave my 4k monitor for other stuff . 
  fxaa looks okay imo, 
  better than a trackpad . 
  that 's 19 \u00b0 c for eurobrothers . 
  if it 's already fucked , you ca n't fuck it more , so may as well try . 
  putting a crazy engine in a crappy car is cool tho, 
  lol, 
  4k native br\u00fch, 
  8320 is alright though, 
  rust has flamethrowers now ? 
  when i played it actively , it did n't even have a bolt action rifle iirc, 
  my carrier does n't care about os version . 
  does cm count as stock ? 
  amd raptr thingy lets you choose what to optimize for , and even has a checkbox for lowering res if necessary . 
  tbh gta v on ultra at 30 fps does look better than high 60 fps . 
  playing it feels like shite though . 
  i would n't even notice , i memorized them all :p, 
  you ca n't really fix a 15 year old engine made for singlecore processors and dx7 level gpus . 
  i always have it on and i can play on vac secured servers . - . 
  ymmv . 
  it has never caused issues for me , and i 've used it for 2 years now . 
  systemctl enable dhcpcd, 
  how much does the preemption and 1000hz timer help in real world perfomance ? 
  i just want tf2 with source 2 . 
  i 'm fine with google 's data mining too , because they have good and working services ( most of the time ) . 
  even looking for a job at google , but i do n't know if i qualify . 
  lg g2 with cm13 , and opengapps pico . 
  datacenter hardware operations engineer , in hamina datacenter . 
  i did study exactly that , but i 'm not sure if my degree is enough for it . 
  got ta call and ask i guess : /, 
  calling any new place is difficult for me ; - ;, 
  i have that mouse too , do n't think i will ever go back to wired . 
  my old 8320 runs at 5ghz on air . 
  i do n't use steam in maximized mode , so i never even noticed this . 
  i set render resolution to 2x , i get 5 fps . 
  at 1x , 50-60 . 
  i 'd recommend sildur 's shaders . 
  they look nice , and perform way better . 
  my msi 290 did that too . 
  i leave mine on .
