  anyone got a mirror to a site that does n't require fucking flash ? 
  do n't bother with wp , it 's junk . 
  on android ; oneplus , motorola , htc , sony make good phones . 
  i know . 
  perkele , where 's my viina ? 
  * throws a nokia 3310 *, 
  sata dvd drives are cheap , like 20 $ . 
  same for usb , which would be preferred . 
  i have flash installed ( chrome ) , but i do n't want to let any site use it ... 
  flashblocker says the site uses flash . 
  thank, 
  i was n't recommending it , i just said what i use . 
  and when i said without any commands , i meant that i can just set my refresh rate from gnome settings . 
  make an iso and rip out the dvd drive after that ? 
  i dunno if dead rising series is even good . 
  me and my friend bought the second one on sale , it was annoying af to play, 
  * looks at my op3 *, 
  and also in the ps3, 
  now it 's all amd , except nintendo switch . 
  when your keyboard is older than me ( by 3 months lol ), 
  eh i ca n't say , i only tried one of them . 
  i heard 3 has an fps cap at 30 , and the newest one does n't have coop , which sucks . 
  marketing wank, 
  drivers are n't that much of an issue on amd anymore . 
  they 've improved them a ton in the last 2-3 years , i personally have n't had a major issue with any of my amd cards . 
  well i mean , some hackers got linux running on ps4 with an exploit , would n't prolly take that much effort to get android running ... 
  some sites need it , so i keep it on but blocked by default . 
  you should never put an 8350 on a low-end mobo like this . 
  my brother has an fx-6300 on an earlier version of this and it throttles because the vrms are shit . 
  not cpu thermal throttling , it 's barely reaching 60c . 
  quick edit : sleepy , thought it was an m5a78 series board lmao , nvm, 
  faulty card ... 
  it was so annoying it ruined the whole game . 
  k but me or none of my friends have had issues on amd ... 
  good joke, 
  i 'm using flashcontrol . 
  it just blocks everything by default . 
  can also whitelist sites . 
  make a macro to spam c at 1000hz, 
  half life : the pre sequel, 
  they want you to upgrade to amd . 
  \\ #betterred, 
  it 'll prolly be fine until he can afford a new gpu . 
  it 's already fucked , you ca n't fuck it any more . 
  and ? 
  play in borderless window ? 
  because x11 is shit and should die asap . 
  because fuck the minorities . 
  try setting ` borderless = true ` in kfsystemsettings.ini, 
  i still prefer the vlad . 
  it just ... feels better to me . 
  i use the vlad with medic shotty until boss usually . 
  afaik the 380x is on par with 970 with newest drivers . 
  no big loss :p, 
  i grew wings by drinking red bull, 
  you do n't even get lfc with a range of 40-76, 
  my 290 could do 1450mhz on ram :p, 
  probly because of rops . 
  i recommend using smaa or other post-process aa anyway . 
  retry with smaa/fxaa ? 
  odd ... 
  i get 80-100 fps at 1440p with my nano ( not that much faster of a card ), 
  you said 40-76 earlier, 
  it 's aosp with a custom launcher and some tweaks . 
  they 're all available there . 
  the medic shotgun is called hmtech-301 , the sawblade gun `` eviscerator '', 
  i barely tried it and already dropping support . _ . 
  no , you need to overclock cpu and gpu clocks separately . 
  my banking app does n't block rooted users . 
  i logged in fine on a rooted phone . 
  breathing will trip safetynet, 
  that would be windows phone . 
  it should be, 
  but because android is an open platform , you could totally install it on any phone . 
  please do n't . 
  i have an r4 , bought 2 additional of the same fans . 
  been great . 
  it 's true to a point . 
  excess will just squeeze out due to mounting pressure . 
  but if there 's way too much , it 's a problem . 
  did you just assume my os ? 
  * triggered tux *, 
  thicc, 
  never happened to me, 
  unless you 're made of aluminium . 
  free crosshair for css noscope battles, 
  idk how to undervolt with wattman : /, 
  i always end up crashing my system . 
  wish we had good laptops in finland . 
  similar model would probly cost 1000 $ too . 
  if they use a platform-agnostic format for mods , yes . 
  for example , all ets2 mods work fine on linux . 
  if they however use something that hooks via a . dll ( like reshade ) , it needs to be ported . 
  if it 's getting hot , yeah . 
  because vmware and vbox are easy . 
  but why ? 
  just 'cause :d, 
  hope they 're better than the 40 $ chair i got from ikea . 
  red , because amd ftw, 
  not a script , but an executable .
