  why do people still use shadowplay as an argument when amd has their equivalent ? 
  but now you can do it faster next time . 
  arch . 
  pcmr used to be a pc enthusiast sub . 
  at least he thinks linux is better than os x. 
  my school did n't even have dreamspark . 
  i dunno man , used libreoffice in school and teacher had no issues opening my docs in word . 
  average internet connection in ` murica , you mean ? 
  text , pics , and tables . 
  my dad has used linux ( ubuntu 14.04 ) for 1.5 years now , i do n't think your dad will have any issues . 
  i have an r9 nano , and it works pretty well with the amdgpu driver . 
  performance is n't as good as on windows , but amdgpu-pro should help when it gets a stable release . 
  easy to install any dev tool . 
  to get started with c : sudo apt-get install gcc geany, 
   people that do n't know how to internet very well, 
  90 % of mankind probly . 
  installed it on brother 's pc , seems to keep most junk out . 
  which is good , because i do n't wan na travel 20 miles to fix his pc ... 
  i just directly link them to friends if i want them to install it . 
  mine has 1600x900 . 
  not 1080p , but it 's alright . 
  some people ( like me ) are always at a desk . 
  for me it 's mainly because i got no room for a sofa and a big tv . 
  high-end audio equipment with skype is like having gigabit internet and only having 100mbit ethernet on your pc . 
  noooo , 2160p pls, 
  i wan na watch someone suffer from my 4k monitor . 
  linux is a kernel . 
  a distro is an os , like ubuntu or fedora . 
  go to steam website , download steam_latest . deb , doubleclick to install . 
  not difficult . 
  you can already run ms office . 
  gifs are shit though . 
  webm ftw, 
  watched a finnish streamer play it on xbox yesterday . 
  horrible input lag and motion blur . 
  xbox because he did n't receive his pc copy . 
  i could actually set up my 19 '' ( ? ), 
  tv next to my bed and watch youtube from my phone that way . 
  edit : tried it , failed because phone can only output 1080p60 , but tv supports 1080i60 or 1080p30 ... 
  looks fine at 17 '' . 
  aios are overrated tbh . 
  mine is tier 3 . 
  should i upgrade ? 
  but on a pc , you can limit your framerate if you feel 60 is too much . 
  they tested the 290 . 
  390 is just a factory oc 'd 290 . 
  [ tox ] ( https://tox.chat/ ) is a secure alternative , but i have n't tried it myself . 
  ( friends too stubborn ), 
  i do n't do video calls though , so i mostly just use teamspeak :p, 
  i did run an overclocked fx-8320 and an r9 290 with it for a year . 
  maybe a superflower/evga 850w unit ? 
  i dunno , but heard that word and that stuff runs just fine . 
  friend did that superglue thing at school . 
  fried the motherboard , teacher gave the cpu to me because did n't need it . 
  edit : it 's a core 2 duo e4300 , if curious, 
  most do n't have enough headers . 
  usually 3 . 
  connected a wrong cable to the wrong place , hdd died . 
  sounds like my msi r9 290 . 
  i did 8 ), 
  cost is also an issue . 
  higher pixel density = higher cost . 
  i should set up a seedbox : /, 
  how is installing an optical drive stupid ? 
  ahh , 1 week of uptime . 
  \\* windows update * nope . 
  it 's worth it . 
  much faster if you use appropriate cflags . 
  obviously . 
  verkkokauppa in finland has this . 
  c is good , although a bit difficult . 
  or $ 850 if you live in northern europe . 
  i install the app : /, 
  edit : just for free points lele, 
  i got 2 copies of dirt 3 . 
  i have one , can confirm . 
  but you can easily fuck it up with root privs . 
  tbh steam 's linux port is shit . 
  do emojis show up on non-mobile ? 
  always wondered . 
   looks at my $ 500 4k monitor, 
  i do n't have a third either . 
  am i not worthy ? 
  good to see people with proper headphones . 
  i 'm saving for beyerdynamic dt990 pro myself . 
  as5 is conductive iirc . 
  and here 's me sitting at home , wishing i had a job . 
  and i thought it looked like shit on pc ... 
  reds are eww, 
  tactile feedback < 3 < 3 < 3, 
  i do n't mind the noise , went with blues . 
  in the 1.5 years i 've had this keyboard , none of my neighbors have yet to come complain . 
  not even my mom when i used it while visiting her . 
  \\  still using garbage fglrx, 
  open source drivers . 
  way more stable , but performance is n't quite on par yet . 
  i do n't have friends , so do n't have that problem . 
  i have n't had any issues gaming with blues . 
  i do : ^ ), 
  i ca n't even remember when i had my last bsod .
