  apt-get : command not found, 
  you 're installing your-freedom and your-privacy . 
  should n't you use - rsc ? 
  gnome software works with all distros . 
  atleast i think it does , tried it on fedora , arch and ubuntu gnome . 
  shame it 's still in beta iirc, 
  that 's what / var/log/xorg .0 . log is for . 
  windows is rewriting the mbr , i guess . 
  for `` security '', 
  i do n't think i 've ever played that . 
  my dad 's pc did n't have much games . 
  it did have gta 1 and some monster truck game , and some really hard f1 game . 
  root that shit m8, 
  if it were n't for a random nerd from greece , my galaxy ace 3 would still be locked on jellybean, 
  stock . 
  i dunno what i was even talking about . 
  not enough caffeine today < _ <, 
  only issue i have with pia is that they do n't have a server in my country :(, 
  uh ca n't you disable it per-game ? 
  what, 
  i dunno , never had a sli setup , just thought that it was possible, 
  umm , have n't they used amd and nvidia cards for ages ? 
  needs arch linux sticker, 
  i 've installed niresh mavericks on 3 different amd computers . 
  only one of them required a boot parameter but that was really easy . 
  basically anything before undercover was good . 
  oh , well i guess they are the same chip then , 
  personally i hated neon lights and roof scoops : /, 
  just buy a new board, 
  he went downhill after 1m, 
  edit : lol, 
  what 's a haircut ? 
  it 's saturday already where i live, 
  mine is only to shoulders :(, 
  yea i figured that out :p, 
  google is love , google is life, 
  also , praise duarte, 
  my school does n't give a shit about anything . 
  whole class full of hackers so trying to block anything is just a small slowdown, 
  when i last went on a cruise , the ship 's wifi blocked all udp connections so i could n't use vpn . 
  well i could , but tcp was slow as shit . 
  my school does n't block anything , but they sometimes monitor traffic . 
  just change the dns to 8.8.8.8 ... 
  i think it depends on router . 
  i can bypass my router 's dns, 
  it 's a lot better now , but the ffb is terrible . 
  i 've vacuumed my server 's front grille and it 's fine . 
  the inside is a different story though . 
  me and my classmate had our own network isolated from the entire school :p, 
  we were studying ict though , and it was last year . 
  molex/sata adapters , the leading cause of premature ssd/hdd death, 
  anything less than 4k looks like shit to me . 
  damnit vessel , why did you have to make an ios app before glorious android, 
  me too , but it 's 3840x2160 , which is nice . 
  360p looks like absolute crap though . 
  especially on 4k monitors where you can watch 1080p video in a window with no zoom, 
  yeah : /, 
  ca n't enjoy the game at all right now . 
  i wan na feel the crash thru my g27, 
  i actually have to cap game fps to 70 so my r9 290 does n't sound like a jet, 
  mbam found a keygen as `` dont.steal.our.software '' :d, 
  who ? 
  why is everyone here downvoted ? 
  it 's not really amds fault ... 
  i just got the cheapest non-ref model ( msi twinfrozr ), 
  it 's just my crappy cooler man ... 
  it seriously sounds like a jet after 40 % speed . 
  i 've heard that sapphires are much more silent . 
  took me 1 hour . 
  well i do care about noise since my headset does n't block out noise, 
  i had 390 tabs open in firefox once, 
  gpu process craps out for me and uses like 500mb, 
  i can drive better with kb + m than controller . 
  reason : my controller is kinda broken , the left stick is n't centered when i release it . 
  i guess it 's one of those ultra-low power chips . 
  [ i disagree ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/athlon_64 ), 
  my school did n't have this so i just bought it from / r/softwareswap ( now / r/microsoftsoftwareswap ), 
  wtf . 
  i live in finland and my upload is 10x slower than download . 
  i like mtn dew, 
  defender is n't bad imo . 
  i have n't gotten any viruses while using it . 
  also you got ta remember : i3 's ca n't be overclocked , 
  can confirm , my r9 290 is so high it thinks it 's a jet . 
  try overclocking . 
  jesus , i can see jaggies on my 28 '' 4k monitor, 
  it will probably never reach outside russia, 
  yeah . 
  you got ta really look for the jaggies , but they are there . 
  quite noticeable when you sit 1-1 ,5 meters away . 
  i think someone got g-sync to work on a freesync compatible laptop, 
  locked multiplier , so it 's limited overclocking . 
  shoulda phrased it differently . 
  make a profile in catalyst for the browser or whatever you 're using to watch videos , with forced vsync . 
  solved it for me . 
  facebook and twitch rely on flash still . 
  for some reason facebook used a html5 player for a while but reverted back to flash : /, 
  i 'm on pc , and only the first 2 are showing . 
  i hard-bricked a samsung galaxy xcover, 
  the gears seem to slip when i try to put a lot of torque through .
