   do teachers still live in the 00 's ? 
  yes . 
  yes they do . 
  time to switch back to kde then . 
  it supports both , but it 's case-insensitive by default . 
  tfw no gf, 
  only stupid teenage girls do , and they do n't know shit about technology . 
  i have a friend who runs her servers on the main desktop . 
  it 's what you got ta do if you do n't have other hardware : /, 
  it is a proprietary box filled with drm , but not a reason to start hating someone . 
  some uefi firmwares have a screenshot function though . 
  [ my v300 after 3 years of use ] ( http://puu.sh/lwdnh/c6201424a6.png ), 
  i just wish grid autosport started on my system . 
  it 's less of an issue with triple buffering . 
  idk how many games support that though , valve games do at least . 
  i capped tf2 to 60 fps , tearing just became worse . 
  i know one guy from thailand who says `` 555 '' in game . 
  never understood what it means . 
  actual nature , or just modded skyrim ? 
  ca n't tell . 
  i 'd rather game on ubuntu than android . 
  i have a friend who has mental issues . 
  sometimes he gets really depressed , deletes everyone from his friendslist , and just disappears for a month . 
  then he comes back for a month and the cycle continues . 
  derp i misread your comment, 
  tfw only an r9 290 with a broken fan, 
  looks like one of the cables that come with asus boards . 
  all tech should have a `` linus-proof '' rating . 
  if linus ca n't break it , nobody can . 
  i had a logitech wireless mouse break down . 
  it was n't from normal use though , just nerd rage . 
  then i used a cheapo steelseries for a while , now i have a logitech g602 . 
  well i 've noticed that it does decrease input lag when compared to double buffer . 
  still more lag than no vsync though . 
  my 290 needs better cooling too : /, 
  heard of a thing called `` personal preference '' ? 
  surprisingly large amount of people have not . 
  yes it does . 
  source : tested it, 
  4k masterrace, 
  pullon jalluu . 
  i went from hd 5570 to r9 270x, 
  intel stock heatsink does it 's job fine . 
  why does nobody ever watercool their gpus ? 
  that 's the part that 's doing most of the work in games . 
  dota 2 should run just fine on your 7950 . 
  my r9 290 runs it at 3840x2160 easily . 
  i currently have an r9 290 , maybe going for fury or fury x, 
  that 's so hot ... 
  huehue fermi jokes, 
  never started smoking . 
  best decision i ever made . 
  microsoft ruins everything . 
  wonder if it will finally be lga ? 
  although i 'm fine with pga lol, 
  if i got 1440p 144hz , it 'd be a downgrade . 
  well , except for the refresh rate lol, 
  my secondary pcs gpu is a 9400gt : /, 
  they can be , but extremely rare . 
  thought of that , never done it but maybe if i get the chance . 
  and i 'm here with 4gb ... 
  huh ... 
  mine never drops frames . 
  you using the reborn dlc ? 
  it makes the game use source 2 engine . 
  i actually had one :p, 
  i 'd just use a powermac with it 's original internals :p, 
  also , best name for a cat lol, 
  i just upgraded to haswell ... 
  i got it up to 30000w once . 
  you can use 4 r9 295x2 's . 
  install linux , make 2 vm 's , both with 4 gpu 's . 
  oh god ... 
  shine 3 with blues and white backlight here, 
  is n't telenor generally pretty shit ? 
  i had one of these in school . 
  performance was fine , even for light gaming :p, 
  have fun with overheating xd, 
  the dota 2 reborn makes dota 2 use source 2 engine . 
  much better linux compatibility and performance . 
  10 psus then ? 
  yaourt - s catalyst-test, 
  u wot, 
  i just got a logitech g602 . 
  love it . 
  i know someone 's gon na ask , so i 'll say right now it does n't have any input latency . 
  i 'm supposed to get 150mbps but most of the time i get 15 ... 
  that 's actually faster than my second rig 's gpu . 
  ublock origin lets me in just fine . 
  but i do n't get that thing . 
  do you have anti-adblock killer ? 
  huh ... 
  i do n't know then . 
  megabits . 
  i do know the difference , i get 15mb/s on speedtest . 
  also , not wired internet . 
  i have lte since it 's the only option : /, 
  the signal in my room is just really bad . 
  i have a wd green , and it 's fast enough for me : /, 
  i do n't name mine : /,
