  my local does n't , although i 've never had to rma anything . 
  you know who is to thank ? 
  jim keller . 
  also guess who designed ryzen ? 
  afterburner has n't caused issues for me . 
  as someone who had both , i 'm gon na say they both have their place . 
  4k60 for someone who plays singleplayer games mostly , like witcher 3 , 1440p144hz for someone who plays multiplayer fps and such . 
  someone needs to download more ram . 
  rust is the only game that has made my system unusable until hard reset . 
  literally . 
  after closing the game , i ca n't open any . exe on my pc until i press the reset button . 
  no , ue4 is a very well made engine . 
  the game itself is n't . 
  i got hans stuck in some area in prison once . 
  i think he eventually jumped out of there and we won . 
  good that he left before windows went to shit, 
  i use steady sometimes , i feel it 's easier to aim with single pistols with it . 
  they die from a single shotgun headshot i think , just leave em to supports lel, 
  i used mwg + trench during the beta and it seemed to work alright, 
  i always liked classic briar 's taunts most . 
  quadcore apus have 2 modules , each of which have 2 integer cores and 2 128-bit fpus . 
  the issue is that most software wants to use 256-bit floating point . 
  i bent like half the pins on a pentium 4 . 
  straightened them with a pci bracket , works fine to this day . 
  you can rice euroturds too, 
  celsius ? 
  it 's ok , the nh-d15 can operate fanless . 
  best cooler, 
  what ? 
  i 'm getting 60-100 fps at 1440p, 
  i have a 9400gt in one old pc . 
  plays hl2 at almost max tho at 1280x1024, 
  linux is the most pcmr os tho . 
  most customisation and freedom , faster , among other things, 
  pcmr is n't entirely about gaming . 
  i finished the damn game . 
  250 $ gift card + saving money from allowance , right now 210 $ . 
  just gon na get a ryzen 6/8 core cpu , mobo , 16-32gb ram . 
  i 've seen a 1000 viewer stream with zero trolls . 
  probly because he 's fairly unknown outside of finland ... 
  freesync is great , but i 've had issues lately with it : i, 
  sometimes it just randomly breaks , and i have to reboot to fix it . 
  oh and also it does n't work at all on linux despite their claims . 
  forward ports from your router/modem . 
  once it happened so that the siren was behind a wall inaccessible to players . 
  only choice was to suicide and vote for a new map : /, 
  demolition coulda killed her , but there were none gg, 
  try deleting configs entirely from ` c : \\ users \\ username \\ documents \\ my games \\ killingfloor2 \\ kfgame \\ config `, 
  afaik it depends on game . 
  medic shotty is good with support imo . 
  i sometimes use that along with the nailgun . 
  his cpu has no integrated graphics , that 's not the issue . 
  i 'm using the relive drivers too , no issues here . 
  intel cpu tho, 
  someone try deleting those folders and see if it affects anything ? 
  i have an r9 nano ( fury series ) , no flicker with any driver with a 1440p 144hz monitor . 
  should . 
  that worked really well too . 
  i used only those one match and did well . 
  have sex with the zed . 
  bloats are my favorite . 
  wo n't work . 
  someone will make a new one . 
  i have a macro for that , just spams b, 
  your math sucks, 
  i set mine to just notify . 
  so far has n't installed anything automatically . 
  or just plug headphones in with 3.5 mm plug ... 
  i 've always used headphones with 3.5 mm jack : i, 
  how do you break such an easy to use os, 
  144hz works fine for me without any commands . 
  i 'd just custom loop them ... 
  yes because it saves on pcb space . 
  what i want is a real enthusiast platform based on naples . 
  dual socket , 32 cores , all unlocked . 
  do n't care if the chips have a tdp of 220w again if they actually deliver . 
  i have the monitor , works fine at 60-144 even though the popup always comes up . 
  it syncs to your current refresh rate . 
  how much is that in c ( ommunist ), 
  * laughs in finnish *, 
  did you remember to blacklist nouveau ? 
  yeah , something 's wrong with that . 
  you should easily run it on high settings . 
  arch linux , so basically ubuntu 18.04, 
  i 've seen some benches where fury x swaps a ton to system memory , but does n't drop any frames . 
  3.5 gb dedicated usage and 1.5 gb shared iirc, 
  i still keep a dvd drive in my pc : /, 
  my case has a door tho , so it 's not ugly . 
  not worth the risk of getting shanked by gypsies, 
  same speed costs 10-35 $ in finland, 
  32-bit windows behavior . 
  32-bit linux can use 64gb of ram . 
  ( windows can too , with a tweak , but it 's unstable ), 
  define r4, 
  r5 was n't available when i built mine , but it 's still fine . 
  and they say nvidia has good drivers ... 
  what tutorial did you follow ? 
  did it involve downloading the drivers from nvidia website ? 
  ( you should n't do it that way ), 
  usb keyboards can support that .
