  my brother 's fx-6300 reached 86 \u00b0 c and started only throttling then . 
  dumbass microsoft thinks that ethernet connections ca n't be metered, 
  where 's equality, 
  oh you 're playing a game ? 
  now 's a good time to reboot for updates . 
  that 's why i specified , `` if you have pro version '', 
  i read from / r/monitors that g2460pf is n't actually 144hz . 
  frameskips like mad at over 60hz . 
  used hd 6970 maybe . 
  i have the sidebar on reddit sync . 
  i have a friend who uses a hackintosh , said he 'd rather use a gtx 960 over an r9 390, 
  triggered, 
  i do n't think there are many monitors that actually have a response time of 1ms . 
  4k if you want better details , 1440p for more smoothness . 
  aim to the mouth , hope they swallow the bullet , and die of lead poisoning . 
  and only level 39 ? 
  i bought one shark card when i was desperate for cash and there were n't any hackers . 
  then the hackers arrived ... 
  i dunno what busybox you 're running , but mine does n't have rpm . 
  i see . 
  i have jrummy 's version . 
  yeah easily . 
  on pro version , you can , but you got ta dig it from group policy editor . 
  and it 's still gon na nag you hourly . 
  well i 've been gaming at 4k at like 45-60 fps for 2 years ... 
  it 's nice in singleplayer games but horrible in multiplayer . 
  haswell is n't an nvidia or amd product doe, 
  get a new pair of glasses , could help . 
  in all seriousness , i do n't know . 
  had this issue too and seemingly no way to fix . 
  uhh ... keep steam open ? 
  very open when you ca n't even disable forced updates on base version . 
  ca n't do that on ethernet , even though some people have capped connections on ethernet . 
  is that a real thing ? 
  i 'd be pissed if my 4l engine was actually 3.5 l, 
  i think i have a cpu that can do that ... 
  nice , but ... 
   automatic gearbox, 
  steam sometimes derps and decides that any link that people send me is the sender 's steam profile . 
  example : guy sends youtube link , steam opens his profile page instead, 
  just waiting for my hd 6620g to support over 3.3 : /, 
  need catalyst for 4.4 , dammit . 
  use proprietary drivers ? 
  amd already got rid of the bridge on gcn 1.1 . 
  surprised that nvidia is still using one , they look ugly imo . 
  hope it does n't have input lag like on windows . 
  i 'd rather have good opengl performance tbh, 
  fractal uses this style , yes . 
  my define r4 has this style covers . 
  shoulda went with amd , no need for separate heater / s, 
  they did ? 
  would n't trust hp ... 
  also , torille ? 
  more tessellation ? 
  weird looking enter key . 
  i 've only seen and used the big one, 
  rma ? 
  it 's recommended to plug your pc straight to the wall socket , not a power strip or extension . 
  i actually prefer amd because of their higher heat output . 
  i 'd love dual 295x2 for winter :3, 
  i had a potato laptop from hp , it was a loud turd, 
  tfw no nvidia card, 
  \\  1080p at 27 '', 
  nope, 
  on an iphone ? 
  probably not . 
  you can flash cyanogenmod without any google junk . 
  well do n't use a smartphone at all then . 
  most do . 
  your best bet are sony , motorola and any google nexus branded device . 
  it 's not , but apparently laws do n't apply to the rich , so they can do whatever the hell they want . 
  i just sold my 4k monitor and miss it already :(, 
  i never had an issue with my nano and the 4gb limit . 
  * back up your porn, 
  * reboot into bootloader, 
  * unlock bootloader , flash twrp, 
  * reboot into twrp and flash rom of your choice, 
  * reboot and use device, 
  takes 30 mins max, 
  i 'm going for 1440p 144hz now , maybe i 'll go back to 4k again at a later date . 
  mg279q is in the post office , friend should come help me carry it home ( i have no car ), 
  i had a 24 '' 1440p monitor , i could still see individual pixels , but it was enjoyable . 
  still an upgrade from 60hz . 
  why do you have a problem with keeping steam open though ? 
  it does n't bother me . 
  i actually have a op3 , great phone . 
  my msi could only do 1100mhz , at stock voltage though . 
  nvidia does n't have access to x86 , so i do n't think they can make a similar soc without partnering with intel or amd . 
  better than my old laptop . 
  i had vsync turned off on windows tho, 
  just tried amd 's freesync test on my mg279q . 
  holy shit m8 , so smooth, 
  just applied a modded driver to allow 60-144hz freesync range , holy crap , so smooth, 
  i feel like making a post about how amazing it but i ai n't a karma whore, 
  well that 's what i 've heard . 
  i 'm not sure about my power strips quality so i do n't plug anything important to them . 
  yeah , looks pixelated as hell . 
  yeah mine are like 3 $ things from a hardware store, 
  what if one regularly clears package cache ? 
  i think there were also some graphical feature ( s ) missing if you used nvidia cards .
