  edit : in finland, 
  ca n't the 970 play anything on ultra anyway ? 
  i 'm feeling depressed because there 's no snow here ... 
  so fucking dark . 
  hmm . 
  cheapest 8 gig 480 and 6 gig 1060 are the same price . 
  i think the 1060 sells more though , people think nvidia is automatically better . 
  meh i just mounted it on the bottom of the case . 
  even r9 nano only hits 75c under full load ... 
  well ... at least amd has good opencl performance on linux . 
  it 's something . 
  it 's true , the telemetry gets installed even if you do n't choose to install gfe . 
  you can make a shit product with great tools . 
  undervolt your fury and you should save a bit when gaming . 
  ha , you ca n't game at night, 
  same, 
  i have those headphones as well , they 're great . 
  i upgraded from a half-broken tritton 720 + headset , took like 6 months for the headband to crack ... 
  80ohm runs fine on onboard audio , but high volume might distort the audio . 
  just got an smsl m3 mini , much higher volume with no distortion . 
  do n't diss china crap, 
  smsl m3 mini was like 60 $ from china ( bought from amazon uk ) , way better audio than onboard . 
  i hated the new photos app because it created albums of my downloaded and taken pics every week without the option to turn off . 
  `` hey we made an album '' `` i do n't fucking care '', 
  i doubt this will make a difference in high-end systems . 
  maybe in lower end rigs with a pentium/athlon and an entry level gpu, 
  every peasant is going to ask if they can pirate games with this ... 
  i just legit wan na run linux on one . 
  do n't have the game , so do n't know . 
  now i probably wo n't buy it : i, 
  opposite for me . 
  obs dropped my framerate while relive worked fine . 
  not really cheap , but an rx 490 will be overkill for 1080p so you should go 1440p . 
  they 've been improving the drivers a ton , do n't worry . 
  i need it . 
  no , but it still helps with smoothness . 
  did you try the demo ? 
  it should allow you to test if it works . 
  same on my system . 
  yes , if they 're fast enough . 
  rip, 
  mine is just fine . 
  there was some noticeable backlight bleed but i think it went away ( not sure if possible ) or i just got used to it , probably the latter . 
  quite a good monitor though . 
  yes, 
  well i mean ... any system can do 4k , it just depends on what settings and framerate . 
  i had an r9 290 , and it did 4k surprisingly well . 
  gta v at 4k on mostly high settings . 
  i have that same mouse and never had that issue . 
  the old one sounded like a toy gun ... 
  my 8320 was a great overclocker , hopefully my sr7 will be too . 
  poor perk choices . 
  i think support , demo , or sharpshooter would be better for boss wave . 
  i 'm running 24gb and i got 140 open ... : i, 
  asus has high quality stuff but boy if they break ... 
  i have n't had issues with asus motherboards or monitors . 
  someone call it . 
  back up steam data with titanium backup next time ... 
  restore it and steam should work like before . 
  fps cap is a better solution, 
  you accidentally made a freedos installer with rufus . 
  meh i do n't play it much . 
  static pressure fans in the front ? 
  do n't most aaa titles support sli ? 
  you could just get an rx 480 and a cheap 75hz freesync monitor, 
  good that you returned it . 
  mine was a gift so i could n't . 
  open radeon settings , go to display , it 's monitor scaling or something, 
  290 's runs very hot . 
  just repaste it . 
  probably not drivers . 
  never had this on my 290 . 
  not all games run on linux : /, 
  tv works tho, 
  nah a hdd is too slow, 
  motion blur is pointless if your gpu can run the game at 60 + fps, 
   remove dynamic shadows from flashlights, 
  but why, 
  xaymars plugin caused fps drops in game for me : /, 
  maybe i 'm just too dumb to configure it though . 
  changing a display is way easier than changing your boot drive though . 
  a tv can get you thru until you can afford a good monitor . 
  what my friend did was get a 250 gig ssd first with no hdd , then get a 1tb hdd a bit later . 
  same, 
  better linux drivers : <, 
  maybe to an rx 480, 
  i have dualboot on my main pc . 
  only things that keep me from using it as my main os are amd drivers and games . 
  i know . 
  i try to encourage people to try linux for that reason . 
  bulldozer was just badly made cmt . 
  their drivers are just audistic . 
  ads ? 
  what are those, 
  it is if you 're eating lisa su 's, 
  it can help make it smoother though . 
  if you 're lucky you can unlock it to 1024 shader cores with a bios mod . 
  can i upgrade from open beta 9 ? 
  nahh the sg500 is a great starter weapon, 
  they 're fine , but intel is better .
