  i only got 3 games yesterday . 
  it 's not ? 
  i personally use arch linux . 
  i would never recommend it for a newbie . 
  i use full kde , both on my home and school machines . 
  the i3-540 i have at school runs kde very nicely . 
  i 'm even able to play tf2 at recess , as it has a gt610 :d, 
  in my classes we get to choose any desktop we want , and even modify the hardware and software :d, 
  i have tf2 on my ssd , and i 'm always the first one loaded after a mapchange , 
  what if the said kid already has something like an old dell with a single pcie 16x slot and a shitty power supply ? 
  was it a reference model or a custom cooler from powercolor ? 
  if it was a reference , then it 's understandable , as amd 's ref cooler for 290/x is shit . 
  why did n't i pay attention in swedish classes ; _ ; anyway , hello from your eastern neighbor . 
  i get 30-40fps in campaign mode . 
  have n't tried online because i wan na complete campaign first , but ca n't because high framerates on other games have spoiled me ; _ ;, 
  750 ti also costs a whole lot more than r5 230 . 
  you also missed my point . 
  let 's say there is a 12-year old kid who has an old dell , and the integrated graphics is bottlenecking minecraft . 
  obviously a child does n't have a lot of money , so saving 60-70 dollars takes a lot less time than $ 170 . 
  yeah , i guess r7 240 would be better bang for buck . 
  or wait for r9 3xx series . 
  hopefully they are true . 
  planning to buy the r9 370x or 380x, 
  what about fractal design 's psus ? 
  would it handle a single r9 290x ? 
  interpolation ftw, 
  only mod i 've tried is the hulk mod . 
  so satisfying to throw cars and people to the other side of the map . 
  they make ssds too . 
  my mom is like `` buy whatever you want , it 's your money . 
  i do n't give a shit '', 
  do n't guid partitioned hard drives support up to 65k partitions ? 
  if you have an amd cpu , letting your cat on the top of your pc is animal torture . 
  is there a reason for posting the same comment 5 times ? 
  what ? 
  i 've had one for almost a year now and it 's working perfectly . 
  it 's not even slow . 
  benchmarked mine with crystaldiskmark and it got the advertised 500mbps . 
  got it from my brother last christmas . 
  yes , it was new . 
  even though it 's made by ubisoft , i 'm gon na buy it . 
  i have a soft spot for street racing games . 
  i already promised my friend that i 'll join his crew . 
  i was in the beta , and i really liked the game . 
  unless they have n't dramatically changed it , i think i 'm gon na like it . 
  not a game , but unigine heaven benchmark is very graphically intensive . 
  i got 24fps average on my r9 270x on maxed out settings . 
  ( under winblows that is , have n't tested on arch ), 
  i can download only 4gb in 4 minutes :(, 
  i have only got one scam attempt . 
  would n't it be easier to just use the arrow keys ? 
  i have a very similar setup . 
  you gon na love it . 
  i want one too , i need a drive for my games and i do n't have time to read loading screen tips . 
  there is no such thing as uncrackable drm , and there will never be . 
  compared to op , it is slow . 
  i wish i woulda chosen the 350 megabit cable . 
  i pirated games because i did n't have any way of paying ( no credit card , or cash to buy steam cards ) . 
  drm can physically destroy hardware ? 
  [ rtu did a video about drm too ] ( http://youtu.be/ood27rriadm ), 
  thank god it 's now windows dead . 
  such a horrible piece of garbage . 
  i am a testing pirate . 
  i pirate a game , play about 5 to 10 minutes of the game ( longer if needed ) , then uninstall the pirated copy , and buy the game from the next steam sale if i liked it . 
  latest one being wolfenstein : the new order . 
  keyboard is missing analog controls though :(, 
  so you 'd rather watch porn than actually have sex ? 
  oh yeah , i 've seen that too . 
  well i did n't have 40 extra dollars . 
  i assume 650w 80 + gold is enough for a single 290 ? 
  i live in finland . 
  cyanogenmod brother !, 
  yay c :, 
  it 's gon na be a big step-up from my current r9 270x . 
  going to give that to my little brother . 
  i do n't pirate anymore . 
  well , i do , but i 'm a `` testing pirate '' . 
  of course our aiming is analog , but what about walking in game ? 
   not on cm12 yet, 
  ninja edit : forgot the / s, 
  and then there 's amd apus , which have a slimmed-down ` normal ' gpu in a cpu . 
  over 200 games , still plays mostly tf2 ... 
  [ google now seems to be a lot more intelligent ] ( http://i.imgur.com/os9x1ve.png ), 
  i myself have ddos 'd in the past , and got in trouble for it . 
  do n't ddos , you 'll be remembered as an annoying scriptkiddie . 
  this is why i use uefi . 
  if windows decides to fuck my boot order , i just go to uefi setup and change it back . 
  no hassle with reinstalling grub or anything :3, 
  what about verbose boot , so you can see what goes wrong ? 
  buy a second graphics card and use pci passthrough . 
  sure , it costs but it also works . 
  you can press `` e '' in grub , which allows editing the command list before booting . 
  it 's locked for a reason . 
  ( a stupid one that it ) the physics is tied to the framerate . 
  if you would play the game at 60fps , everything would be twice as fast . 
  ubuntu is compatible with secure boot . 
  it depends on pc though . 
  24 monitor gaming o_o, 
  oculus rift would be a bit less costly though . 
  connect 24 controllers and you can have a party game .
