  high-end aircoolers are just as good in cooling performance , have zero risk of spilling coolant , and most ( especially noctua ) come with way better fans . 
  you ca n't go wrong with an nh-d15 for just 90 $, 
  well i do n't suspend , so never had that . 
  i just leave my pc on . 
  smart phones for dumb people . 
  an x86 machine would be a better server . 
  if you really want a powerpc server , get an older mac pro . 
  i do n't care what mine looks like , as i have no window on my case . 
  about that , would it be worth it for me to swap my current cpu for an i7-5775c ? 
  `` per se '' makes me laugh because if you put them together it means `` ass '' in finnish, 
  yes i 'm childish . 
  twinfrozr iv is crap tbh . 
  i had a laptop keyboard not work on anything newer than linux 3.11 iirc . 
  i did fix it though . 
  just had to use a kernel parameter . 
  half the time i 'm on discord with my friend i hear him say `` windows 10 sucks '', 
  sometimes explorer.exe freezes , one time there was raid issues , and some other stuff . 
  the problem i have is that ptt button does n't work ... 
   flash plugins died, 
  why would you use that garbage in 2016 ? 
  but i already have a lga1150 mobo , would be an easy upgrade . 
  amd has much better open source drivers , nvidia has much better proprietary drivers . 
  pick what you need . 
  4k with fxaa looks good imo . 
  his content used to be alright : /, 
  tek syndicate 's `` tek linux '' channel has to be the biggest linux channel . 
  it 's nice that such popular people are spreading the word . 
  should have bought an rx 480, 
  better than nothing tbh . 
  has any other big youtube channel started making linux videos ? 
  ltt seems to only use linux for those pci passthrough builds ( 1 cpu , n gamers ), 
  outdated driver maybe ? 
  well i do not own any modern intel cpus with integrated graphics , so can not help more . 
  hope someone can help . 
  what issues did you have with the 290x ? 
  my 290 worked fine on arch and ubuntu 14.04 . 
  in my experience , 8.1 was just as fast . 
  maybe just because i have such a high-end system ? 
  i 've broken enough linux installs that i can in most cases fix them . 
  even fixed a corrupted filesystem once . 
  yes , amd still has the pins on the cpu . 
  even on am4 . 
  why are you using an insider version if this annoys you ? 
  why would you use a dvd ? 
  windows 10 should have network drivers for it already . 
  i assume you mean fglrx ? 
  they 've always been buggy as shite . 
  16.04 does let users install proprietary drivers , just not the discontinued fglrx . 
  i had a 290 , now an r9 nano . 
  the new proprietary driver , amdgpu-pro , works fine . 
  yep but fxaa is generally implemented in games and i 'm too lazy to use an injector . 
  formatting is fucked on mobile ... : /, 
  we put the rad back in radeon . 
  mine is n't glorious ; - ;, 
  just gnome 3 with no modifications + amd radeon wallpaper i got from / r/amd, 
  thankfully i was allowed to use linux in school ... 
  i used arch with plasma 5 personally . 
  americans ca n't seem to handle swearing either . 
  what the fuck is up with that ? 
  your flair ... do you actually have that setup ? 
  one could just drink it if they wan na ruin their life . 
  casual and proud . 
  you can feel free to use anything you want . 
  it 's too easy lmao, 
  edit : twas a joke , why the downvotes, 
  kde because it 's familiar to windows in both looks and amount of bugs . 
  i know . 
  if he actually has that setup , must be a good roomheater . 
  comparing a high-end aio to a budget aircooler . 
  fair lol . 
  how 's the sound quality ? 
  good for such a cheap unit ? 
  thought of maybe getting a z333 or z533 instead . 
  meh my jokes are bad sometimes . 
  play my favorite games : c, 
  which card , distro , and driver version ? 
  i 've gotten 3 free copies of dirt 3 tho . 
  you can stop stupid people . 
  just nuke the whole planet . 
  it could be a bug in oss drivers . 
  maybe try catalyst ? 
  that card is terrible . 
  it ca n't even play flatout 2 at 1080p ... 
  kaveri means `` friend '' in finnish . 
  your motherboard most likely . 
  rx 480 pulls a ton of power through the pcie slot and it can cause your system to shut down . 
  one youtuber had this happen on an am2 + mobo by foxconn , it shut down like 5 mins after playing , but a 980ti on the same mobo worked fine . 
  yes because i could crossfire it with my existing fiji card . 
  what 's wrong with them ? 
  at the same time i want to buy an rgb g502 but i do n't want a wired mouse ; - ; ( i have a g602 ), 
  never happened to me . 
  tried nuking them with ddu ? 
  also which card ? 
  girl , you make my snake solid . 
  i use both edge and chrome on windows , never noticed edge using too much ram . 
  i use it mainly when i 'm too lazy to open chrome with my 200 or so tabs . 
  tell them it was a virus . 
  i 'm like the only one who 's not bothered by light at night . 
  only my keyboard 's spacebar is rgb : /, 
  everything ?
