  i have a phone with sd820 and it 's snappy af, 
  i 'm ready for the day when shit finally hits the fan and people migrate to linux in masses . 
  i have 2 of these but i never raided them lol, 
  i 'm just wondering what the fuck is going on with dota 2 ... 
  i 'd probably just make it free and have a donation link in my website . 
  but then again i 'm not a game dev lol ( although i 'm trying to learn ), 
  what do you mean ? 
  does this plague only the crosshair ? 
  i ordered the prime x370-pro and i 'm worried : /, 
  that , and also disable ` oneframethreadlag ` from kfsystemsettings.ini, 
  yes . 
  verify game cache integrity from steam . 
  also download display driver uninstaller , use that to reinstall drivers cleanly . 
  has solved a ton of weird issues for me . 
  i 'm just gon na get an nvme drive . 
  right now i have the 2 drives both as a boot drive , 1 per os . 
  oh , i 've always installed that , but never has updated my bios in middle of anything . - . 
  pc meme race, 
  uhhh . 
  the mouse is great at least, 
  i turn that crap off . 
  just uefi is fine . 
  only if you do bclk oc on a non-skylake platform , really . 
  i might just modify my order and get the msi b350 tomahawk . 
  because you do n't actually own it . 
  you can overclock mice to get higher report rates . 
  iirc some guy on r/amd got his 1700 to 3.8 ghz on stock cooler, 
  60c is n't bad . 
  ryzen can take 95c anyway . 
  it 's a low-end aircooler . 
  high-end aircoolers like the nh-d15 are comparable to 240mm aios . 
  wraith spire , which comes with the r7 1700 , is rated for 95w . 
  the chip itself has a tdp of 65w . 
  windows scheduler is n't optimized for ryzen yet . 
  i preordered ryzen . 
  that mobile plan tho, 
  my cpu is reserved for delivery , but store has a shortage of mobos : /, 
  but what if i 'm hot ? 
  even the medics . 
  yesterday i saw a lv22 medic trying to solo scrakes , only died once tho . 
  i have , and it does n't fucking work . 
  it does n't work very well for me . 
  i 'm only getting 30 fps on a system that should run it at at least 120 fps . 
  specs ? 
  yeah . 
  my gpu is much stronger , yet i get horrid fps . 
  do you have replay enabled ? 
  i thought 16.6 is the first version to support rx 480, 
  the point of ecc is data integrity and stability , not performance, 
  ctrl + s every 5 seconds, 
  i 'm sure nvidia will find a way to prevent it from working on amd, 
  i 'd love to get fluid effects in kf2 . 
  they look real nice . 
  i misread it too lmao, 
  runs like shit on both amdgpu-pro and mesa, 
  i woulda done it if i had a switch, 
  i arrived as well, 
  same as my gaming monitor , seems good . 
  still better than my laptop, 
  lot of people have reported much smoother gameplay when they swapped from a decent i7 to ryzen . 
  it has n't crashed , only issue i have is horrid framerates . 
  i may sound elitist or something , but i ca n't play at 30 fps . 
  laggy as hell on my amd card, 
  or a swat with a kriss, 
  my xbox 360 adapter does n't work : /, 
  it 's a chinese knockoff though , might have something to do with it . 
  it works perfectly on my desktop on linux though , weird . 
  do they work on pc by any chance ? 
  i 've been looking for wireless headsets . 
  well , you can always go the other route and knock them all over :d, 
  unless you have a vrr monitor . 
  then fps dips are n't that noticeable , unless they 're large dips . 
  i know that ryzen is n't fully ready , windows does n't properly handle it 's smt etc. 
  and i actually bought a ryzen 7 1700 . 
  phoronix did testing on linux 4.11 , and dota 2 performs much better on that when you have a ryzen cpu, 
  helped on lg g2 as well , thanks . 
  still better than nintendo switch, 
  i wish nvidia got rid of sli bridges completely . 
  they look ugly . 
  yes , but your psu or bottom case fan will starve for air . 
  # ** booooom **, 
  well considering i have an old acer with an amd apu , yeah, 
  me too . 
  it 's great for holding a lane if you know what you 're doing :p, 
  have fun installing steamos on it, 
  i 'm not worried about data usage , but more about battery . 
  would this help increase battery life ? 
  that 's odd , i had a 290 and it ran at 60 fps at 4k, 
  i 'm sure that within 3 years ms will have fixed this , or linux has become a viable alternative . 
  hopefully they will , with vulkan . 
  found the frenchman, 
  arch, 
  the only people i know who use that emoji are french :p, 
  reminds me of one killing floor 2 map i played on . 
  there was some horribly unoptimized police car , every time it would zoom by my fps would go from 100 to 24 . 
  fucking unplayable . 
  we had some acer desktops with core 2 duos . 
  could barely run chrome . 
  i actually have a 9400gt . 
  used it on my second pc , could play hl2 on max settings , at 1280x1024 on linux,
