  they need to have telemetry for telemetry to see how many people disable telemetry . 
  it actually seems decent ... 
  yeah . 
  you lose some resolution but the added refresh rate is amazing . 
  i actually went from 4k to 1440p144hz , just out of curiosity if high refreshrate is as nice as people say . 
  it does n't cap your fps , you need to do that manually . 
  or you could just put graphics settings higher lol, 
  a microscopic microscope . 
  in gaming , yes . 
  in scientific use , no . 
  that only applies to gaming . 
  scientific applications ( that use opencl or cuda ) do n't care how many you have , they use them in a different way . 
  or use adaway . 
  but i do n't think youtube will use hevc , and they do n't even use h264 except as a fallback . 
  i think only fedora and arch run wayland as default if you have gnome . 
  yes, 
  i have an mg279q , really good monitor . 
  ca n't imagine that the mg248q would be any worse . 
  you own the hardware , but not the software if you 're running windows . 
  i have n't had this issue . 
  the backlight bleed is n't bad , in fact i do n't even notice it anymore , and barely when i bought it . 
  no dead pixels either . 
  played witcher 3 on ultra 1440p , 45-60 fps , but it was very smooth because of freesync . 
  my dad 's laptop has been virus-free for over 2 years , with daily use . 
  well , my dad is almost 50 and has had no issues on linux . 
  he only needs a web browser though , never had to touch office apps . 
  potentially unwanted porn, 
  majority of users are n't tech savvy . 
  the 4gb vram did n't limit my performance at 4k . 
  classic briar taunts are still there, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ bloody ^ ^ ^ ^ milwall ^ ^ ^ ^ fans, 
  well i did outpost on suicidal as zerk, 
  i 'm sure we all have our porn genres we do n't like . 
  only works if the top end of the freesync range is 2x or more over the bottom end . 
  example : 60-120 works , 40-60 does n't . 
  would need to be 30-60 . 
  one of the best things about owning an r9 nano is not having to worry about gpu sag . 
  same, 
  what 's teamplay, 
  i hope too that we get linux ds soon ... 
  i 'd like to host a server but i 'm not running windows server out of principle . 
  i made sure to remove all the protective plastic from my new logitech g900 . 
  the original op3 is very good too . 
  i think i had this too , restarting fixed it and never happened again . 
  i think most shortcuts are the same on windows and ubuntu . 
  i just got the g900 , best mouse i 've ever had and imo worth the high price tag . 
  you get an amazing gaming mouse with the freedom of wireless , what 's not to love ? 
  my g602 had some accumulate as well , but i cleaned it off regularly . 
  ram speed does n't make a huge difference in most games ... 
  official one ? 
  i use reddit sync and it plays every media file . 
  i do n't use the main selling point though lol , the sync feature, 
  stupid question :, 
  why do n't people here just buy android phones ? 
  i thought we all loved freedom . 
  i do actually almost exclusively buy from jimm 's . 
  intel parts are still bloody expensive ... 
  only ones i need are copy and paste really : i, 
  ctrl + shift + c/v, 
  no mobo though . 
  enjoy freesync :p, 
  144hz definetely is sexy . 
  beamng.drive is nice with a g27 . 
  also , do i spot beyerdynamic dt770 's on the table ? 
  g900 is a really good mouse . 
  logitech has really mastered wireless , i ca n't tell any difference in latency whether i have the cable plugged in or not . 
  rip, 
  it was released in 2007 . _ . 
  it is a very lightweight browser though . 
  there 's an open source browser with the same name . 
  drm only fucks over legitimate users . 
  is the blood on the floor that nvidia flex thing ? 
  looks weird . _ . 
  go play swat if this feature annoys you ... 
  maybe a hd 6850 ? 
  this happens to me too , my system is a bit slower than yours . 
  win10 has never done this on my system . 
  yeah , i have the 80 ohm version and they sound way better than any of my previous gayming headsets . 
  even through onboard audio !, 
  for me , it 's like quarter second stutters , then a 2-5 second freeze like you . 
  usually it only happens only once after i start the game , so it has n't bothered me too much . 
  yeah fiji is a great chip . 
  also you should look into a usb dac/amp if you want a separate soundcard . 
  if you 're just clearing trash as swat , you could get the p90 too . 
  i wish i could make a c4 hat , kinda like in kf1 . 
  the scrake was originally meant to be a field medic according to the lore , maybe he could heal zeds while not enraged ? 
  yes . 
  yeah mg279q is 600 $ where i live ... 
  paste quality matters more than the amount . 
  shitty game engine . 
  yeah , i played killing floor 2 and some other semi-demanding games at 1440p with a 290 ( although on a 4k monitor ), 
  framerates were alright . 
  a 16:9 1440p monitor is cheaper where i live . 
  dell 's 24 '' ips model is 320 $ , had one and it was great . 
  but i bet xfx 's preapplied paste is n't the greatest quality . 
  undervolting wo n't damage anything . 
  overvolting might . 
  well hd xx90 used to be dual gpu , top of the line cards . 
  does hbm overclock make any difference in gaming ? 
  amd never said it competes with the 980ti .
