  does n't have a launcher like this . 
  tfw i forgot about fah completely, 
  hopefully not the cpu . 
  restart steam in offline mode , or is just setting oneself to offline mode from friends menu enough ? 
  did the latter , still stuttery : /, 
  edit : also started steam in offline mode , stuttery . 
  i ca n't even download f1 2015 , the game dir just stays empty . 
  well i just emailed your support about both my issues , hope they get resolved : /, 
  only in english really . 
  this should help my shitty-ass laptop . 
  keep it c :, 
  i kept my precious sg500 , although it 's one of the cheapest ones . 
  no , it looks hilarious . 
  holy shit i never knew about this , it works great too, 
  what if i only use rae ? 
  you can favorite servers . 
   youtube 's frame skip buttons ( , and . ), 
  holy fuck , til, 
  thanks fam, 
  if you 're on pc , you can get a chrome extension that disables all autoplay videos . 
  well it did recognize a finnish bandname correctly when said by an american in a video i watched . 
  i guess that 's cool . 
  mine 's waiting for vega too : /, 
  3.8 ghz 1.35 v. 
  tried 3.9 ghz , crashed . 
  because undervolted . 
  would n't be much of an upgrade . 
  only 50 dpi away from perfection . 
  too little vram . 
  you know , aircooling is more silent than water in almost any case . 
  gnome3 is great tho, 
  nvme drives take ages to initialize iirc . 
  i doubt a 2.2 ghz quad is any faster , no matter how high the ipc is . 
  i saw these numbers in a game one day , wondering wtf they mean, 
  i have an fx-6300 on an asus turd mobo , it throttles at stock clocks lol, 
  oh god i played killing floor 2 with brazilians , they 're worse than russians ... 
  not only do they suck , but they also talk way too fucking much, 
  ah , how i love having a tiny beast of a card, 
  ohh , i never watched it : /, 
  i 'm gon na get some copper heatsinks soon , and also a new psu for it . 
  well i 'm finnish so playing with russians is daily for me ... 
  when you put too much , all it does it make a mess you might wan na clean up the next time you repaste . 
  my xfx r9 nano gets to 75c , should i repaste ? 
  go to windows settings , increase text scaling . 
  none ( yet ), 
  close . 
  m5a78l-m lx, 
  well , personally i have played at 4k , there 's no real difference between 4k medium-high and 4k ultra . 
  i tend to keep it on in games where graphics matter . 
  makes games look smoother , and i do n't suffer from motion sickness . 
  i 'm 22 and i made something more advanced in blender the other day . 
  it should apply to the sdk too . 
  if not , i do n't know , i have n't used it . 
  right click the . exe , check the dpi scaling in compatibility tab . 
  i guess it 's ultra or nothing . 
  i 'm running 1440p 144hz now , i much prefer slightly lower graphics with much higher framerates . 
  yes, 
  [ fluid simulations are fun ] ( https://drive.google.com/open?id=0byhwr7ufz3omz2zwaxexyw1rtgm ), 
  cheeki breeki, 
  it also does n't work well with freesync . 
  we need competition . 
  amd pls, 
  it 's always been like that . 
  afaik people reload like that irl too because it 's faster . 
  right now they 're just milking money off fanboys, 
  i have 2 of these , g602 and g900 . 
  both are great . 
  i have tried both , g900 feels much better to me . 
  ( i own 900 , brother has 502 ), 
  it feels better in my hand , and also no cable drag , really good buttons , etc. 
  also the g900 feels lighter . 
  battery lasts 30h in my use . 
  g602 does have some latency , and it 's heavy . 
  very few monitors can actually do 1ms . 
  i did that but it just puts me in the settings start screen : i, 
  marketing wank . 
  you do n't need to turn it off every time , it goes into standby in 5 mins . 
  besides , 30 hours is easily enough for 1-2 days depending on person . 
  i never tried this game : i, 
  you can also press win + x on windows 8 and 10 , then click `` command prompt '', 
  my dad uses it as his main operating system . 
  what 's wrong with it, 
  same, 
  i like rae :(, 
  no u, 
  have n't seen it . 
  and i really do n't care about looks as long as it works . 
  40-45c when idle or browsing , 60c full load, 
  my friend has naga chroma epic , it 's garbage , and i 've been trying to get him into getting a g900 ... 
  i always order my stuff to the nearest post office . 
  only a kilometer away , easy walk . 
  my friend bought a razer wireless mouse , it 's trash . 
  amd card in a linux build ? 
  he was n't talking about that crap . 
  do you use the g900 with the wire connected ? 
  i only use mine to charge it . 
  bump up the clockspeed until it crashes . 
  bump up voltage until it does n't crash anymore . 
  repeat until your cpu starts to overheat . 
  make sure you have good cooling .
