  v300 bait 'n' switch maybe . 
  nah it 's a ducky keyboard . 
  i got it because it requires no software to configure backlights . 
  what 's turtl ? 
  geekbench is derpy and does n't detect l3 always . 
  not enough ; - ;, 
  waiting for amd vega and zen to release, 
  how 2 reed durr, 
  refind ? 
  burg does n't support efi iirc, 
  phones with i7 's when, 
  i got one and i regret it . 
  was n't worth it to swap from an fx-8320, 
  cortana is not available in my country lol, 
  to me yeah . 
  i do play at 4k tho , so cpu performance does n't matter for shit . 
  amd has better open source drivers , and kinda garbage proprietary drivers ( steam still crashes for me on amdgpu-pro ), 
  nvidia has amazing proprietary drivers with far superior opengl performance compared to amd , but garbage open source drivers . 
  also shitty business tactics ( gameworks , crysis 2 dx11 patch ), 
  pick whatever . 
  if you 're running open source drivers , you can use [ mlaa ] ( http://www.mesa3d.org/postprocess.html ) . 
  all i have to say is :, 
  cyka blyat vodka idi nahui, 
  they make mobile cpus tho , but they cost an arm and a leg . 
  well , i do n't know then . 
  buy an osvr headset ? 
  i use kde : c, 
  logitech mice and racing wheels are nice . 
  never tried their gaming keyboards or headsets tho . 
  i think you can find a 4k monitor for $ 300 new if you 're lucky , or used . 
  dx12 does magic to gcn m8, 
  not sure why downvoted , but there was a post about the most basic evga gtx 1060 having shit cooling , and one should go for sc model instead , or ftw with dual fan . 
  i could do 4k60 ultra with an r9 nano ( adaptive settings enabled tho ), 
  remember to install kde-applications-meta too, 
  plasma 5 is nice now . 
  decided to go back to it lately and seems stable enough for daily use . 
  why do you care ? 
  it 's a desktop , performance is more important than miniscule power savings . 
  -9 does n't kill processes stuck in a d-state . 
  i had talos principle do that when i tried vulkan on amdgpu-pro , had to force reboot because i just could n't kill the process . 
  pcmr is cancer, 
  how can i stream in 4k ? 
  is this good or bad ? 
  does n't morrowind run well in wine ? 
  it also needs supported hardware . 
  ac is one game i really want on linux ; - ;, 
  shit performance . 
  i installed gentoo once , then accidentally broke the kernel and did n't know how to fix it . 
  fun times . 
  could be nvidia driver claiming the gpu . 
  had that problem with my hd 5570 , fglrx claimed both of my gpus and i had to use radeon driver . 
  undervolt for dem power savings and lower temps, 
  should i try 545 mhz with my nano ? 
  525mhz caused artifacts , especially with an undervolt . 
  mge ? 
  i dunno , never looked into it . 
  i did n't use vms much either lol, 
  i played dota 2 on linux , installed on a 7.2 k hard drive . 
  because linux caches stuff to ram , i loaded into game almost immediately , way faster than my friend who 's on windows with a hard drive ( idk rpm ), 
  and i do n't play dota anymore , it ai n't really for me . 
  one guy on youtube played overwatch with dj hero turntable lmao, 
  edit : link if you wan na see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmjb2shhvzo, 
  amd figured out how to fit a 4k card into a mitx form factor, 
  when you have a reference 290 or gtx 480, 
  yeah it can be used for gaming , but framerates might suffer from the consumer counterpart . 
  hopefully . 
  amd pls buff opengl, 
  unfriendzoned, 
  i got no improvement : i, 
  8.1 was good tbh, 
  had a sony ericsson k550i ( ? 
  ) , was an awesome phone . 
  did you just assume my distro, 
  it hurts to see that nobody has yet said `` torilla tavataan '', 
  nah , only possible on amd and intel afaik, 
  i 'm allergic , so no . 
  unless you live in finland . 
  laptop of those specs is easily 1500 $, 
  i got no gains in fire strike or unigine heaven : /, 
  would have tested the api overhead bench but the piece of shit does n't work, 
  ca n't do api test . 
  raw speed  compression, 
  what about finland ? 
  step away from the gates of hell and embrace the glory of the holy penguin, 
  now show him the better minecraft . 
  windows 10 edition is a bit meh . 
  tfw only 2 monitors, 
  i 've had so much fun doing crazy shit with hackers . 
  most that i 've seen do n't grief , they just do fun stuff and/or give money . 
  you can ask the admin to spectate the suspect . 
  most good admins can detect a cheat . 
  i would if i had a dead one . 
  i 'm more familiar with amd/nvidia gpus . 
  are those gpu cores compute units ( clusters of shader cores , say 64 per cu ) , or just shader cores ? 
  12 cores seems a bit low , considering my desktop gpu has 4096 shader cores ( 64x64 cus ) . 
  all i want is a tablet with a decent amd apu and linux support ; - ;, 
  processors use power , they do n't create it . 
  i do n't think it works the same way with brushless motors . 
  or maybe it does , i 'm not an expert : i, 
  thanks for the explanation .
