  what are those . 
  friend of mine has an r9 380 with a pentium g640 . 
  mine is n't even fancy , has 3 video outputs . 
  shame i ca n't use them though . 
  you should get the r9 390 , it 's so much better . 
  not adding a / s because it 's kinda true :d, 
  is it ? 
  i never used it , just assumed it 's better . 
  pcie speed has very little impact on framerates , even in sli/xfire configs . 
  r7 360 probably . 
  it needs a power connector though , so make sure your psu has one . 
   i 'm a dumbass . 
  do n't worry , we all are . 
  fx-6300 wo n't bottleneck . 
  the card is good . 
  i think it started from some guy saying `` the 390 is so much better than the 390 '' half asleep . 
  hey , atleast the download speeds are good . 
  my 150mb/s plan only gets 30mb/s . 
  not isps fault i think ... signal in my room is just crap . 
  man sli bridges look ugly . 
  thank god the red side does not need those anymore . 
  cable management does n't have any impact on temps anyway really . 
  only if your management is absolutely terrible . 
  technically hbm stacks in a way . 
  put osu there too : ^ ), 
  eyy i got a g602 as well, 
  i believe amd said that even gen. 2 x4 works for 2-way crossfire without significant performance loss . 
  i 've seen some sites like that , and i can just block the top layer that prevents me from clicking shit . 
  if you absolutely need a small desktop , maybe . 
  wait , what are you having problems with ? 
  linux with proprietary drivers ? 
  we all are . 
  i would say no , but that 's just my internal amd fanboy talking . 
  no idea : /, 
  ducky zero or something . 
  not sure about the model name . 
  then you get a new mech . 
  buy an amd next time / s, 
  nuke drivers with ddu , validate game file integrity . 
  if that does n't help , it 's d\u00f6d . 
  wish i was as good of a driver : <, 
  had an amd fx-8320 at same clocks , only reached 60 \u00b0 c. 
  and they say amd runs hot . 
  then i 'm afraid rma or buying a new one are the only options : /, 
  i 've used a 4k monitor for a year soon . 
  everything is so fucking sharp i ca n't go back to 1080p . 
  or even 1440p at 144hz . 
  well i 've played ac and gt6 more ... not much rally lol, 
  \\  not using arch linux, 
  only 1080p , ew . 
  i believe some crts can do like 350hz , but at a hilariously tiny resolution ( 320x240 ) . 
  or insane resolution at 24hz , whichever you want . 
  amazon rgb keyboards and mice . 
  coming in 2016 . 
  if this actually happens i 'll shit my pants . 
  it should , if you use open-source gpu drivers . 
  hawaii was nice too , but was n't warm enough :p, 
  but is n't an 8800gt like 600mhz ? 
  butt . 
  i had a lucky 8320 . 
  hit 4.7 ghz at 1.368 v , did n't need watercooling . 
  asus motherboards have never failed on me , so never had to deal with their customer service . 
  their website has always been slow as balls though . 
  top-end evga psus are rebranded super flower units . 
  i bought an nh-d15 to cool my fx-8320 , got it to 4.7 ghz . 
  then i impulse bought a xeon e3 for no real reason but the joy of upgrading . 
  now i have a xeon with an overkill cooler , gg . 
  efi should work fine too , if you have your esp on that drive . 
  ( which i do not , so ca n't test ), 
  i have an arch install on one spare ssd , it works just fine in both of my laptops . 
  only custom loops outperform the nh-d15 . 
  yeah , it performs a bit bad with a hot gpu in the system : /, 
  can be resolved with exhaust fan on sidepanel though . 
  thanks nvidia, 
  gameworks needs to die . 
  has it bent yet ? 
  unless you live alone like me , and just have your router next to pc . 
  mine is lte though , and has shit signal . 
  ethernet does n't help :(, 
  i got one from ikea . 
  has a hole through it , could n't handle the rage of a young finnish adult . 
  ikea markus is pretty fancy . 
  i bought a 40 $ chair from there . 
  the `` leather '' started stretching and ripping after about 6 months . 
  yeah you should have linux on it . 
  first nvidia gimpworks garbage , now this . 
  dying light seemed like such a nice game , shame . 
  me too ... seen my brother cheat in some games like bl2 , do n't wan na risk my account . 
  if you checked the news page you would know . 
  only in the us ? 
  really ... ? 
  linux is n't bad for gaming though . 
  has more games than 8th gen consoles . 
  even my lte plans do n't have caps ... 
  i have 2 150mb/s plans , 1 for phone , 1 for pc . 
  mom pays the phone one , i pay the one for pc , both cost 25 $ / month . 
  dna here , 150/50 for 25 $ / month ( +5 $ for router rental ) unlimited . 
  i have used 2tb in 6 months . 
  hey at least you do n't have a cap ... 
  oh man ... modern `` light '' kernels for an android smartphone take about 5mb :p,
