  when hl3 releases, 
  considering the human brain has a response time of 300-400ms , i doubt it . 
  edit : 230ms , i 'm talking out of my ass again, 
  yup , according to tftcentral my old u28d590d has almost 40ms of actual latency ( panel response and signal processing combined ), 
  marketed as 1ms iirc . 
  well i 've heard of people referring to the usa as just north america . 
  how do you know the condition of the cpu ? 
  well that 's what i have heard , did n't bother checking if it 's true . 
  maybe they 're like me , and focus better when they shut up . 
  try [ this ] ( https://github.com/mastercoms/tf2cfg ), 
  hey , that 's all i use my laptop for . 
  tried some of the commands in other source games , they improve fps in those too . 
  ca n't remember what it was , but some command brought my fps in hl2 to a steady 300 :d, 
  i could sleep in a server room , noise does n't bother me much . 
  i just recently bought my first modular psu and i 'm now wondering why i did n't buy one 3 years ago . 
  yup , tried hotplugging in my ps/2 keyboard , no workie . 
  i have the same board and similar ram , try these : 2666mhz , 14-15-15-36 timings , 1.35 v, 
  perfectly stable for me . 
  on pc chrome , you can install an extension to disable all autoplay videos . 
  edit : [ this is what i use ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/disable-html5-autoplay/efdhoaajjjgckpbkoglidkeendpkolai ) , it has a whitelist and everything , pretty good . 
  yeah , it sucks . 
  but it 's a great workaround . 
  i had to clutch twice in one game a few days ago . 
   our species on an average are pieces of shit . 
  edgy but true, 
  huh , never knew that exists and i 've used firefox for a long time ( changed to chrome 3 years ago because it 's faster ), 
  i personally disabled csm entirely , i have no need for it as my gpu is flashed to be efi-only . 
  i still got a shine 3 , very happy with it . 
  speed and convenience are the only things i really care about , chrome does both well . 
  some might say that edge is good too , but it 's locked to win10 . 
  xpost to / r/pcmasterrace ? 
  they might like this . 
  ` sudo apt install steam `, 
  if you 're on amd , you already most likely got the proper drivers installed , as long as your distro is up to date . 
  on nvidia , open driver manager and install latest available in repos , or get a ppa with latest . 
  mesa 17.1, 
  the one i linked has linux-specific optimizations . 
  in my experience , p-states do n't work on windows when you have overclocked . 
  on windows 10 , clocks just do n't go down . 
  on linux , downclocks like normal . 
  definetely not normal . 
  i have same cpu , cooler , and even clockspeed , 64c max with silent fan curve . 
  prime95 small fft, 
  can stellaris be played co-op ? 
  was thinking of buying it cause me and my friend have no coop games to play . 
  by default , it just loads the libraries from your system instead of steam 's own from ubuntu 12.04 . 
  prime x370 , will it work anyway ? 
  it works on all distros where steam is installable ... 
  thanks, 
  why do n't you just root your phone ? 
  custom roms , my man . 
  and also a badly made f.lux equivalent . 
  good enough to be a nightlight . 
  exactly why i bought an nh-d15 . 
  heatpipes ca n't clog . 
  any computer is more expensive than my car . 
  i have a butterfly knife , sometimes when i flip it i 'm worried it goes off my hand and right into my monitor ... 
  peugeot is the new apple . 
  my mom has a 2012 fiesta , it 's been very reliable . 
  i 'm also about as tall as you , i fit very well in it . 
  i remember him too , what happened ? 
  surprisingly my acer laptop with an amd apu runs only at 60c . 
  80c on the gpu if i play anything demanding . 
  i wish the whole world would just ditch imperial units already . 
  there 's no need for them . 
  only if you delid . 
  it 's an iphone , not surprised :p, 
  is n't it just difficult to upgrade ? 
  afaik 2tb wd blues are 5400rpm , so it 's gon na be worse for games : /, 
  it wo n't make your pc faster . 
  i meant the internal hdd, 
  your potato laptop is faster than my laptop . 
  guest pc ? 
  it 's a decent cpu tho . 
  i have that exact gpu in my server also lmao, 
  in my experience , speccy has always shown the correct temps on amd hardware . 
  got tired of reddit or what ? 
  idk maybe he had it laying around . 
  my guest pc has a 650w psu, 
  all the load is on cpu , so gpu downclocks itself . 
  davinci resolve . 
  i meant the internal hdd of the xbox one . 
  surely it can be upgraded , but it 's just difficult ? 
  my mouse glides better on the desk than my mousepad : /, 
  steelseries qck , i think it just needs a clean though . 
  any help how ? 
  is n't the s5 out of warranty anyway ? 
  yeah . 
  power users should buy a phone with an unlockable bootloader like oneplus , google nexus/pixel , motorola , or sony . 
  i do n't have one . 
  afaik all of those except mass effect run in wine . 
  rip, 
  mg279q here , there 's an option to enable/disable it . 
  there 's something wrong , because it should make the experience much , much better . 
  some mobile games are great casual fun . 
  ips monitors do n't have enough latency to make any difference . 
  i game with an ips gaming monitor ( asus mg279q ) , and a wireless gaming mouse ( logitech g900 ) , there is zero noticeable latency . 
  and typing, 
  2560x1440 144hz with a nano . 
  surprisingly i get 100 fps in most games on high .
