  sometimes i feel like i should just get a gtx 1080 ... 
  but i very much dislike some anti-competitive and anti-consumer stuff nvidia has done . 
  i remember reading an article from an ex-nvidia employee or intern or whatever . 
  they have tons of fixes like that on directx and opengl , some stuff they 've seen is just retarded . 
  i just want to know how to disable this . 
  x-post to / r/killingfloor ? 
  yup . 
  i hope they eventually include more aa . 
  fxaa looks like ass . 
  i just dislike how they alter the sites . 
  the loading speed boost does n't matter to me at all , my internet is fast enough . 
  i do n't agree to it . 
  i want it off . 
  i just use it for adaway and drivedroid . 
  that 's probably a windows issue . 
  i 've had that too , couple of restarts fixed it lol, 
  but the pcb will be cheaper to make because you do n't need 20 million traces for memory . 
  why do people even do those wifi agreement pages ? 
  just a password would be enough imo . 
  i always thought those things were just fucking annoying . 
  what if i do n't have a web browser handy ? 
  i 've actually studied for the same job lol, 
  i just never understood the point of those pages . 
  turn on vsync, 
  if it 's similar to g27 , it 's great . 
  when i first got my g27 i had to really fight the wheel lol, 
  i remember a year ago when i had troubles surviving on normal . 
  now i breeze through sui and hoe . 
  australia gon na be like finland where lte is amazing but cable is ass . 
  * meanwhile in finland *, 
  i 'm paying 20 $ for unlimited calls , sms and 50mb/s data . 
  and it 's not american pseudo-unlimited , it 's real . 
  i 've only played on 32-player servers , those uwe servers in eu . 
  they 're crazy af already , can imagine how 64-player servers are like . 
  the boss is the easiest round tho , surprisingly . 
  hans ca n't gas us if we fire rpg rounds at him constantly . 
  yup , the game was a shitshow for a while . 
  there even is a p2w weapon ( kinda ) , was op as shit when it launched but now it 's just a sidegrade so whatever . 
  been enjoying the game a lot , recently got all the achievements . 
  it depends on the game . 
  ca n't even remember how many times my friend has been killed by it . 
  i have scroll lock bound to mute toggle on discord . 
  i have a nano and the same monitor , works pretty well . 
  it can get kinda noisy though , you 'll definetely hear it if you use speakers . 
  go for the fury . 
  friend just sent screenies of this pack , there 's barely any difference ... 
  50gb for what ? 
  it does n't look any better and uses twice the vram for no reason . 
  yes . 
  beat me by 13 minutes gg, 
  well , tripwire does have a good track record with updating games ... 
  killing floor 1 was updated regularly from release to like 2014 , a bit before kf2 was released . 
  also a their other games . 
  they have listened to the community most of the time , i 'm positive they wo n't do dumb shit like this again . 
  ca n't see any difference personally . 
  try the demo first . 
  some people seem to have stuttering issues in that game . 
  i have massive stutter if i do ultra settings , so i just stick to high at 1440p . 
  what the fuck , 6-bit panel ? 
  mine has 8-bit colors and i can see color banding ... 
  i found that i get way better performance on my card if i set the render size ( or whatever it 's called ) to as high as it goes . 
  i mean technically it is , but system ram is just too slow for gpus ... 
  maybe when hbm comes to apus . 
  linux is already possible to install on a ps4 with an exploit . 
  windows , never . 
  what 's nioh ? 
  next thing to ascend : your phone, 
  sometimes , but all the zeds get more health and even clots become bulletsponges ... usually i stick to healing people or being an ammo dispenser . 
  gg you have to void your warranty to make it good, 
  fuck american carriers . 
  there 's your problem, 
  i have slow internet , and also small-ish amount of space . 
  i usually just keep the essentials installed . 
  unreal  cryengine, 
  today i ran out of ram . 
  but it was n't chrome 's fault , i was fucking around with unreal engine 4 lol, 
  when i got my mg279q, 
  samsung u28d590d was marketed as 1ms . 
  real response time is almost 40ms according to tftcentral . 
  nice i have a 420p 69 '' display, 
  freesync version when, 
  because it 's a tier lower . 
  i have it but never played : /, 
  mg series , like my mg279q . 
  in csgo ? 
  in dx11 , they 're on par tho . 
  do they really use trueaudio ? 
  shader *, 
  it would n't be so bad if they implemented freesync on tvs ... 
  the amd chip in consoles most likely already supports it in hardware , so would n't be difficult to implement . 
  lol, 
  it goes down to 9 fps ... 
  freesync has supported this same feature for over a year , that 's how my monitor works fine down to 20 fps ( 60-144hz range ), 
  asus mg279q with a custom driver . 
  the feature works with any monitor where the top of the freesync range is at least 2x higher than the bottom . 
  so 30-60 would work , so would 40-144 ( mg248q has this ) , but 40-75 would n't ( like vg245he ), 
  because it actually works, 
  nvidia 's own gsync test works quite well for this actually . 
  ca n't remember where to download , just google lol, 
  drop it under 35 fps , see if it tears .
