  cool that one does n't need to patch the kernel themselves anymore . 
  it already does for me . 
  i 've watched streams on chromium without pepper flash installed . 
  it does n't crash the kernel , crashes the video driver . 
  i can still ssh to my pc when the freeze happens . 
  my card is equally loud and hot during gaming and benchmarking . 
  i wish it did n't make steam crash . 
  non-pro works fine , but meh performance and no vulkan ( talos principle is laggy ), 
  i tried the ninjacat emote in a facebook group chat and it just put a cat emote and a black person emote . 
  worst game from valve always gets all the love . 
  nice . 
  a decent quadcore for $ 30 is unbeatable bang for buck lol, 
  steam overlay for steam games , gallium hud for others . 
  that 's a horrible framerate though ... 
  use proprietary driver ? 
  the client is optional , and has some issues on windows ( hogs like 400mb of vram ), 
  not a problem imo . 
  i had no framerate issues in gta v on my fx : i, 
  multi-gpu gaming, 
  nh-d15 ftw, 
  no , i meant vram . 
  also i remembered wrong and exaggerated , it 's more like 150mb ... 
  if it still functions , you could also use it to cool down your tea/coffee if it 's too hot . 
  have fun with lag then, 
  i like gnome . 
  still burns the fuck out of my hand if it 's hot enough . 
  explain why ? 
  how can an open source , and optional to use de be a greater enemy than a spying , bloated , pos operating system ? 
  i tried to run minecraft on my pi 2 and it froze while installing java . 
  good experience . 
  i installed gentoo once , broke the install and could n't fix . 
  i guess i 'll stay a filthy casual . 
  i use google play music , so chrome . 
  i like my arch with gnome 3, 
  i like vanilla gnome 3 : /, 
  what ? 
  mine came with pwm fans, 
  gcc can compile using opencl ? 
  you get an almost-placebo speed boost by compiling everything yourself . 
   night of compilation, 
  wo n't ccache help a lot ? 
  i 'd think that most computers are more starved for cpu power than storage ... 
  i think the project is dead : /, 
  well i 've only really used ccache for building cyanogenmod ... for that , a 30gb ccache size is enough . 
  i had those , fixed by updating drivers . 
  stalkers were visible before i did that xd, 
  i never got it to work . 
  the install media creator is dumb as fuck , and it did n't even boot on my laptop . 
  hopefully it works on amd cards . 
  i had it on open source drivers . 
  i dunno , heard about it from someone and decided to install it on my laptop . 
  and the screenshot is from an iphone lmao, 
  do they make a 1440p 144hz freesync monitor ? 
  i 'm thinking of buying a friend 's monitor with those specs , but it 's an acer . 
   xl2730z, 
  much more expensive in my [ local online store ] ( https://www.jimms.fi/en/product/show/109888/9h-ldclb-qbe/benq-27-xl2730z-pelimonitori-144hz-freesync-2560x1440-1ms-pivot-dp-hdmi-dvi-vga ) , so i think i 'll just get my friend 's xg270hu : /, 
  i just whatever is the de 's default . 
  so right now , gnome-terminal . 
  it took me like 2 days to get updates installed on my laptop with windows 7 ... 
  i do n't run windows on it anymore . 
  i never even installed it . 
  already got mingw bash installed . 
  i do have a decent phone but i never play any games on it ... 
  have n't had any issues . 
  d15 is overkill as fuck for my current cpu . 
  bought it when i had an fx-8320 . 
  what problems ? 
  never had any with mine , and neither has my friend with his sapphire nitro . 
  sapphire nitros are great cards , i 'd recommend one . 
  how can i overclock a locked cpu, 
  depends . 
  if you have a 1080p monitor , just go for the 470 and ssd . 
  fell for the intel meme . 
  and i already traded away my fx . 
  are you having issues with steam after installing amdgpu-pro ? 
  mine crashes randomly . 
  i can see from dmesg that `` amdgpu_dri . so '' causes steam to segfault : /, 
  it does work ? 
  i never had issues with steam , except when i used amdgpu-pro drivers . 
  i 've never seen a banner like that on facebook, 
  apple sucks anyway tho, 
  not even running games . 
  sometimes just browsing , sometimes messaging to steam friends . 
  completely random . 
  why would you miss worse headphones ? 
  fake surround yeah, 
  it 's still fake surround , and sounds like shit . 
  if you want it on your sennheisers you can just use razer surround . 
  why iphone tho ? 
  i thought people in this sub like freedom . 
   solid explorer, 
  is it better than es file manager ? 
  that thing has went to shit over time . 
  never had es serve me ads in lock screen , just some stuff is annoying af about it . 
  solid explorer seems nice so far though . 
  much more open . 
  i do have gapps installed : /, 
  custom loop would be more effective . 
  aio , not really . 
  gpu drivers and game availability,
