  kinda if you overclock it to hell lmao, 
  does it support thunderbolt ? 
  might be possible with one of those external gpu enclosures . 
  friend of mine has this cooler , handles a 5ghz fx-8320 easy :p, 
  i wish i bought even 100-200 shares ... would afford ryzen 7 1800x and dual fury x easy . 
  i 'm probly just gon na buy one , jimms.fi takes 1-2 days to ship usually . 
  vega is n't released yet , and i do n't like nvidia products . 
  i could also go for dual 480 until vega drops . 
  i literally never shut mine off , only when something is causing issues lol, 
  i main field medic , i dunno why , i just like playing medic lol, 
  iirc they actually made a limited amount . 
  i thought servers have small heatsinks ? 
  giving my cpu to my brother as well, 
  you shoulda seen my brothers pcs fan filters . 
  i thought my mom only owned 2 cats . 
  mine was running 70-80c under load , now 50-60c . 
  impressive for older amd apu . 
  my friend bought an asus keyboard ... 
  it 's a piece of shit , the drivers never work . 
  i like my define r4 . 
  there 's something charming in a big black box . 
  the worst thing ever is trying to pull out a tight molex connector tho ... 
  what did cable select even do ? 
  my family has been great , they trust me and do n't blame everything on me . 
  except grandparents ... 
  i still like asus motherboards though . 
  that 's the only thing they can make right . 
  fuck that woulda saved so much headaches for me, 
  ikea markus maybe ? 
  i 'm just 185cm 75kg ( whatever that is in imperial ) , but i think it should be fine for a larger person . 
  * hides my amd wallpaper *, 
  you saw nothing . 
  great monitor , i have one . 
  in his world it may be . 
  dual card ? 
  i actually learned to use it with unity , and always preferred it over visual studio . 
  yeah , i always played medic in tf2 when i only played that ... 
  my bestie always told me i 'm the best medic ever lol, 
  most people are hyped for the 8-core chips, 
  yeah you can actually , there are 2 applications for that already , but forgot their names ... 
  vridge or something idk, 
  or 400 $ in finland :(, 
  i do n't think there 's any disadvantage from using medic ar over the scar . 
  it heals , it does as much damage as the ak , same mag size . 
  salty satan, 
  i think it was possible to make your own turbo states in amd overdrive . 
  that 's my dream . 
  hopefully with good open source linux drivers . 
  just tried it in a winxp virtual machine , same result . 
  gon na see if i have a win95 iso and report back . 
  edit : tried it in 98 , as that was what i had . 
  same boring result . 
  too lazy to record a gif , sorry :p, 
  giving the xeon + mobo and ram to my brother , he needs it . 
  i had the winxp vm already , 98 i had to install . 
  it was annoying af , i 'm glad i was n't a pc builder around that time . 
  i never really started using it because i do n't get the point . 
  it 's actually a great platform , just underused and underrated . 
  if you 're running a custom rom , they 're probably not gon na work anyway . 
  singlecore or overall ? 
  if it 's overall , it 's really bad . 
  it does mean it 's better for gaming if your games can utilize all those threads . 
  very few can , like gta v and doom . 
  higher minimum framerates , lower loading times , less stutter in shader-heavy games, 
  and probably a lot of other games too . 
  yeah now that they 're mainstream , they should be better utilized by games . 
  and i know the poster on facebook . 
  can i has cookie pls ? 
  how well would the asus prime x370 pro do ? 
  that 's the one i 'm looking at . 
  will there still be bios oc ? 
  i 'm worried i would have to run stock when running linux . 
  i 'm buying when it releases probably . 
  mine got 700 at 4.7 ghz, 
  i 'm just sad about finnish pricing . 
  1700 here is same price as 1700x is in the us . 
  hope they release a linux version ... been waiting for radeon settings for a long time . 
  or know a language that cortana does n't support . 
  i did the same . 
  hyper 212 evo does not fit in bitfenix comrade windowed , just fyi . 
  looking at pics , it seems to have vrm heatsinks, 
  i do n't want that anyway . 
  100-150w is n't that much heating power . 
  my brother 's amd mobo has 3 +1 phase vrm with no heatsinks , his fx-6300 throttles without an overclock ... 
  i discovered that you can make it beep with linux commands . 
  i would log in to my thesis server at school when i had days off and make it beep randomly lol, 
  also you can make music scripts with it , found star wars anthem for it . 
  well i mean , rx 460 can run gta v at 1440p, 
  finland here . 
  1060 is a little bit cheaper . 
  amd in 2011 : m o r e c o r e s, 
  intel in 2017 : m o r e c o r e s, 
  gr8 b8 m9, 
  would make sense on laptops , not so much on desktop . 
  my mom could totally bring one of em down . 
  but she wo n't , because she 's not a triggered feminist, 
  political correctness is gay . 
  ah , how i love not caring about console exclusives . 
  well i mean bulldozer was their only real fuckup . 
  all other products before were great .
