  oculus sucks . 
  i 'd like more zed variants if they 're actually interesting instead of just making them white and exploding or having more hp . 
  no , it 's actual android . 
  no , it 'll be a binary only release , but you can still download and compile the source elsewhere . 
  same happened with blender . 
  it 's still laggy as hell on my laptop : /, 
  really need an upgrade , i ca n't even play casual games ... 
  it 's unplayable on windows too . 
  the community is trash , and also it has a bug that prevents the user from opening any application after game shutdown . 
  happened to me like 10 times , had to press reset button . 
  i would . 
  well i do n't know about us laws much , as i do n't live there . 
  i just saw one video review of a huge-ass air rifle and he said it 's legal to own by anyone :p, 
  i do n't like to use it , too edgy . 
  it has never popped up to me , not even on my laptop . 
  running 10 pro on both though , that might be why ? 
  i like deluge most , it 's simple and it works . 
  tell that old debil to idi nahui, 
  my brother bought one with mx reds . 
  nice keyboard but i dislike the switches lol, 
  never tried those . 
  i love my mx blues though . 
  they 're loud , but manageable lol, 
  why does intel not solder all k chips in the first place ? 
  they market them for overclocking and enthusiasts , who like low temps , and use shitty paste and too much glue to ruin ihs contact with the die . 
  soldering would n't cost them that much , and would justify the price difference between non-k and k. 
  linux driver glitch ? 
  i tried reds , did n't like them . 
  no feel . 
  access the pc through remote desktop , you do n't need a gpu for that . 
  my friend runs a server with an fx-8350 , no gpu . 
  works fine thru rdp . 
  shitty motherboards do though . 
  or sticky modifiers, 
  is it only for tablets or could i play it on my oneplus 3 ? 
  it says my oneplus 3 is incompatible , but lg g2 is compatible . 
  what the fuck . 
  it never works though . 
  you can onehit them lmao, 
  i straightened the pins on a pentium 4 with a pci slot cover lmao, 
  half of them were bent from cooler removal, 
  oneplus 3 does . 
  i doubt you can repair a silicon chip . 
  makes more sense to just get a replacement cpu . 
  playing killing floor with a gtx 480 makes a true hell on earth . 
  i got my e3 because it 's 60 $ less than a i7 4790, 
  freesync is hardware level too ... 
  freesync can technically handle 9-240hz , but best monitors are 35-144 . 
  both gsync and freesync support low framerate compensation though , which lets both technologies work below the minimum range . 
  that 's how my mg279q with modded driver works fine from 20-144hz even though the range is 60-144 . 
  now that amd is competitive again , hope this all changes . 
  freesync supports multimonitor , works in borderless window mode , works at any refresh rate . 
  with freesync 2 , amd will put stricter rules to ensure quality as well . 
  turn off msaa , gta v has a shitty implementation that lags like shit . 
  besides , fxaa looks as good as 2x msaa . 
  anisotropic filtering does n't affect performance , you can always max that out . 
  i only tried the redux version . 
  it looks nice but i got stuck at some point and idk wtf to do lol, 
  eh , 100hz is alright . 
  guessing you did n't pay very much for it , so i 'd be happy even if it ca n't do 144hz lol, 
  verkkokauppa and jimm 's seem to have tons of cpus in stock too , but shortage of mobos : /, 
  4gb is enough for 4k tbh, 
  memory problems ? 
  i have n't had any . 
  i do n't even care if intel gives slightly better performance . 
  i already ordered my ryzen 7 1700 , and i 'm sure it will be better than my current cpu , especially overclocked . 
  well at least nvidia did n't lie this time : i, 
  inb4 10gb usable vram, 
  either way , i 'm sure i 'll be happy with my 1700 . 
  hope i can get at least 3.8 ghz with my nh-d15 lol, 
  where i live , the 7700k is 20 $ more . 
  2.2 base and 3.3-3 .5 turbo is what 22-core xeons seem to run at . 
  i bought a 1700 as well , but local pc part shop is having a shortage on mobos : /, 
  not regretting my purchase then . 
  now if asus could ship those fucking motherboards to verkkokauppa , i 'd be very happy . 
  can be anything . 
  missing windows hotfix for smt . 
  bios bug . 
  games might think it 's a bulldozer chip . 
  or even intel compiler gimping performance , but i highly doubt it . 
  i 'm running 1440p 144hz and my gpu is n't good enough anyway lmao, 
  i 'm not very good at writing posts . 
  if anyone wants to know anything specific , or test at different settings , just ask . 
  specs :, 
  intel xeon e3-1231v3 , forced to 3.8 ghz, 
  xfx r9 nano, 
  arch linux , latest updates , linux-amd-staging 4.9 kernel from mesa-git repo , amdgpu-pro from aur, 
  as long as your cpu and other hardware do n't bottleneck , it 's true . 
  i think phoronix already tested that , so you could just average his 1080p and 4k results to get a rough idea of 1440p performance . 
  i might go back to mesa drivers soon though , i 'll post results when i do . 
  amdgpu . 
  there 's a 1700 reserved for me , but there 's a shortage of asus mobos :'(, 
  amd shoulda worked with microsoft for a day-1 patch ... 
  everyone is circlejerking over how bad ryzen is in gaming , and it 's driving me nuts . 
  i 've had my 24gb of ram completely maxed out . 
  ** compiling shaders , 1700/478274919747 **, 
  decent gigabyte mobos are out of stock as well , and they cost more . 
  hoping at least asus fixes their supply , and current bios bugs . 
  basically tf2 chat, 
  been playing on suicidal , sg500 oneshots them,
