  they all also cost much more . 
  my d15 was 90 $ when i bought it , all of those aios are over 160 $ . 
  i guess it 's all about how much you 're willing to spend . 
  yeah , i think it 's just amd 's fault ... 
  but still , 6900k performance for 3rd of the price , ca n't complain lol, 
  it 's too loud then . 
  i prefer to have mine silent . 
  there 's no real reduction in temps after 70 % anyway , so this is a good sweet spot . 
  ( iirc i got 58-59c in aida64 with 100 % ), 
  well i have n't bent any pins on an amd cpu or intel mobo . 
  it was just that the cooler on the p4 prebuilt was retardedly made and i had to pry it out in a weird angle lol, 
  mine was a dell , got for free from a friend because lightning fried the psu and possibly mobo . 
  cpu and ram from it work fine tho , even to this day . 
  i actually used that p4 in my main machine 4 years ago when i was really poor . 
  it performed better in everyday tasks than my amd e-450 apu . 
  well , my dad has been fine with ubuntu for 3 years now , and he 's almost as old as your parents . 
  you could give it a go and see if they like it . 
  if they complain , install windows . 
  it depends what you do . 
  in productivity it will boost your performance a ton . 
  in gaming , not really much , if at all . 
  where i live , that aio is still 9 $ more expensive in current prices :p, 
  good performance does n't impress you ? 
  r5 1400 is cheaper than the i5 and performs better, 
  well fact is that bf1 is very cpu heavy and a 4-thread cpu ca n't handle it that well , and 100 % usage is normal . 
  that 's a fair price for a keychain, 
  i do n't think anything went wrong with my first build : i, 
  ryzen 5 1600 is just better, 
   better than windows, 
  not in performance lmao, 
  a cpu with a score of 1200 is 20 % better than a cpu with a score of 1000 . 
  in theory . 
  my previous mobo did n't even have optical lol, 
  i 'd swap the mobo for gigabyte or msi, 
  my friend 's r9 380 did the same , never figured why . 
  now he 's an nvidia fanboy . 
  in what game ? 
  and one game is n't indicative of performance in general . 
  that 's an old ass article and in my experience games still run worse on linux on amd . 
  i really like linux , i have used it for 5 years now or so , but it still ca n't be my main os solely because of games . 
  well i still brush my teeth with a regular toothbrush, 
  that 'd require me to buy a second gpu , and possibly dedicate a hard drive to a vm . 
  i know how to do it , done it before , but it 's just too much effort . 
  i get 30 if the server is in the same country, 
  f i n e w i n e, 
  upgrade to ryzen fam, 
  because r7 is even better . 
  and no , wo n't bottleneck anything . 
  i misread the post originally ane though you were choosing between r5 and i5 lol, 
  * exploder, 
  .500 magnum + med pistol if my team is doing a good job at clearing trash . 
  mp5 + med pistol if they suck at it . 
  yeah , that 's why i love using it . 
  so that 's how you subscribe to workshop maps ... 
  was wondering how lol, 
  maybe you 'll be making official soundtracks alongside zynthetic soon . 
  i 'd say yeah . 
  rx 470 4 gig cards cost more than that where i live . 
  i upgraded from that cpu to a 1700 , in gta v it 's quite a big boost in minimums . 
  also in productivity . 
  in most games , not a worthy upgrade imo . 
  if you have the money to blow , go for it . 
  the mobo will be good for 4 years at least . 
  i 'm running 3.8 ghz at 1.35 v. 
  not the best . 
  i did try that voltage at 3.9 , crashes in p95 small fft within 10 seconds . 
  just use vsync if the game you 're playing does n't require minimal input lag . 
  it works fine in most games . 
  yes . 
  do n't update through windows though . 
  put it on a flash drive , reboot pc , spam delete , go to tools tab , select ez flash . 
  do a fresh install of win 10 , make sure you install all appropriate drivers . 
  b350 tomahawk, 
  remember that steam is 32-bit, 
  i believe ikea markus is within that price range . 
  ca n't remember how much mine cost . 
  even if it 's outta budget , worth saving , it 's a good chair . 
  ryzen has no igp . 
  there is no bad product , only a bad price . 
  one can always ask the shop to update bios . 
  my local one charges 15 $ for it . 
  but eh ... 
  r5 has smt, 
  wow it can oc well , it 's still overpriced and a dualcore, 
  it 's for your mom ( literally ), 
  if a key is wearing out , you bought a shit keyboard, 
  intel still used pga on mobile chips in 2013 iirc, 
  idk but doesnt show on mobile, 
  it 's secretly a 560ti, 
  i 'm gon na say it 's possible if he got really lucky , but probably crashes in p95 small fft . 
  most noobs use their gpu for encoding yes . 
  but they look like trash at 3500kbps . 
  if you want quality , cpu encoding is the way to go . 
  4ghz on ryzen vs maybe 5.2 on i7 , not much difference to the chart . 
  the cpu is alright , just upgrade gpu, 
  you can oc the cpu higher with that cooler, 
  how 's apps ? 
  one should n't need to install laptop maker 's own drivers for gpu . 
  i prolly should work for jimm 's in finland ... 
  you ca n't even stream to twitch at those bitrates unless you 're a partner .
