  gentoo, 
  wo n't the ps4 pro have an underclocked rx 470 ? 
  if that 's true , i do n't see how it could n't hit 4k 30fps on at least medium settings . 
  my grandparents ' monitor had like 10 of these lines of dead pixels , they never cared . 
  some of them also changed colors . 
  * french, 
  not all of europe uses azerty . 
  depends on game . 
  in most games i ca n't tell a difference between high and very high , or very high and ultra . 
  huge difference in fps tho . 
  in finland we have some basic scales that have crappy b & w lcd screens . 
  kf2 is the only game keeping me on windows . 
  tried it , no workie . 
  enabling it thru dp does n't let me enable fs at all ( read later that it only works via hdmi and dvi , do n't mention it ), 
  tried my p2416d via hdmi , it lets me enable it . 
  does n't work tho , fs range of 35-60hz crashes the demo after 2 secs , range of 50-60hz makes the demo fail to launch . 
  shame : /, 
  locked skylake chips can do bclk oc + it 's good to get a better motherboard if you 're planning to upgrade . 
  i do n't even have led fans , or a liquid cooler . 
  the upgrade argument is still valid tho . 
  i have that much in tf2, 
  it is a waste of time . 
  your game will be pirated anyway , you should spend the time and money on improving game content . 
  that 's definetely not normal . 
  try another browser , and maybe a download manager ? 
  edit : downloads fine for me on chrome, 
  windows 10 right now . 
  have n't tried on linux lately . 
  potato gpu, 
  amd cards work better with wine , because you can use native directx9 with them . 
  the answer is always linux, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ install ^ ^ ^ ^ gentoo, 
  my dad is like you and he learned linux just fine . 
  you can run dx9 natively on linux . 
  it 's a real thing , google gallium 9 . 
  i tried it myself and it gives a huge boost at lower resolutions . 
  i regret buying it : /, 
  idk if my asus does , never checked . 
  i think bridgeless looks best . 
  oh heck , i 'm looking at this monitor . 
  is it good ? 
  trying to decide between this and asus mg279q . 
  this works on amd too , you can make a custom resolution in crimson . 
  is the mg279q good ? 
  wot, 
  my r9 nano could hold 50 at 4k high, 
  p2416d ? 
  it 's a fine monitor . 
  i 'm going for 144hz soon . 
  better be worth it . 
  i wonder how much heat is needed to kill an aircooler 's heatpipes . 
  `` more quiet than aircooling '', 
  my nh-d15 says hi . 
  friend of mine had 3 good aios fail . 
  he now has a custom loop with no issues . 
  i doubt any aircooler can bend your motherboard . 
  maybe if you have a paper mobo . 
  i used that setup for long , gud performance, 
  there 's a secret button combination for maximum rotation . 
  press the 2 middle red buttons on the shifter ( where they 're in a line ) , and any of the red buttons that are in that square shape ( sorry idk how to explain better ), 
  hbm is the answer . 
  with memory next to the gpu die , the pcb is basically just a bios chip and rest vrm . 
  potato gpu , but it 's more of the game 's fault . 
  i do n't find 1080p good anymore . 
  i 'd love that 1440p monitor , but i doubt it 's available any time soon where i live ... 
  get a freesync monitor . 
  aoc g2460pf maybe . 
  now if they brought those optimizations to pc gpus ... 
  but nooo , not worth it because nvidia is leading . 
  amdgpu has experimental support for gcn 1.0 . 
  if it was significantly cheaper i think it 's a good purchase . 
  yes , but if amdgpu supports it , amdgpu-pro will do soon after . 
  gcn 1.1 took , i dunno , 4 months ? 
  freesync allows the monitor to sync it 's refresh rate to the gpus framerate . 
  example : game runs at 90 fps , monitor changes to 90 , game drops to 70 , so does monitor . 
  much smoother than a locked refresh rate . 
  i just do n't find 1080p enjoyable to look at on pc monitors , 1440p or bigger for me . 
  if you disagree , that 's fine . 
  i got a xeon because i 'm dumb, 
  i wish it did n't look like windows 10 ... 
  if you have pro version , you already can disable autoupdate . 
  win + r , gpedit.msc , go to : computer settings  administrative templates  windows components  windows update  configure automatic updates , set it to what you please . 
  ( could be wrong cuz i 'm translating this from finnish ), 
  it should stop autoupdate , but windows will still nag you . 
  `` hey cunt , install deez updates '', 
  better than interrupting work tho . 
  radeon hd 7750 underclocked . 
  ps4 has a hd 7850 iirc . 
  my 290 hit that with stock voltage . 
  was nice . 
  what, 
  edit : it seems so , someone on / r/monitors noticed that it 's skipping frames when over 60hz, 
  i 've gotten those tiny notifications , not the more intrusive one . 
  and yeah , it sucks ... 
  i do n't think it 's a good idea to game in a vm . 
  i had a 290 with the same cooler , so fucking loud . 
   still calling them ati, 
  anyway , i think rx 470/480 or gtx 1060 are good upgrades . 
  i can install one alone . 
  nope , fx chips just become unstable over 62 \u00b0 c.
