  tfw paid 200 $ for mine, 
  20cm you mean ? 
  not much buildup , and it 's easy to clean with cloth or a tiny brush . 
  i 'm fine with 30h, 
  7zip does delete the temp file . 
  seus is kinda crap , check out sildur 's vibrant and ebin shaders . 
  you need mods . 
  download ftb launcher and check out the modpacks they have . 
  been playing skyfactory 3 with a friend for a week now . 
  prolly not indicative of minecraft itself , but the modpack i 've been playing sometimes just rapes 1 core and my fps drops to 15, 
  i myself use sildur 's vibrant medium . 
  great graphics and still getting good fps . 
  i tried a shaderpack called ebin . 
  it looks great , and i 'm getting like 120fps at 8 chunk renderdistance . 
  with 2x render quality ( 5k res essentially ) i was still getting 60 fps, 
  dude i 'm running a modpack with 190 mods and i get frequent drops to 15 fps, 
  even with shaders disabled, 
  is n't 1.7.10 still the best version for modding ? 
  it should . 
  maybe you failed the install ? 
  i used it myself and it runs great . 
  i just tried it with a portable version of hwinfo64 . 
  definetely deletes the temporary . exe file . 
  leaves the . ini behind though , but that 's the application ... would n't happen with a setup i believe . 
  you can get shaders in the modpack too . 
  just drop optifine in the mods folder and it should work , as long as it 's for the correct version . 
  the most taxing task i 've used my r7 for is prolly compiling software ... 
  now my storage is the bottleneck tho , need nvme . 
  16 gig or 32 gig cards ? 
  i do n't think any modpack comes with optifine . 
  easy to download and install though , so does n't matter . 
  tfw my friend thinks survivalist is better than swat, 
  he 's new at the game btw, 
  what i do is stick them on the boss . 
  it 's difficult but it can chip a ton of hp from hans when he has shield on , or patty when he 's running away . 
  fun glitch with the c4 : sprint with the c4 equipped , spam rmb with none thrown on the ground, 
  bloats only leave the mines if they are killed with body damage from a non-fb weapon . 
  msi b350 tomahawk probably . 
  yup , sometimes old experience is n't good for current products . 
  sometimes manufacturers learn from their mistakes , sometimes not . 
  remove the zeroes ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  before you ask , yes i 'm 12 years old . 
  it 's because ubuntu always uses an old kernel . 
  you need 4.10 for ryzen support . 
  i personally use arch linux , works really well on asus prime x370-pro, 
  great idea , would love it . 
  not sure if it 'd be hard to balance . 
  well i only got 16 gigs : /, 
  i 'm gon na try to save for a 1tb 960 evo , install windows and arch linux on it . 
  1700 is fucking great . 
  i feel like i should 've waited for the 1600 tho , i do n't really use all the threads always . 
  why not ? 
  yup , i got 2 sata ssds already too , but they ca n't match nvme in speed and latency . 
  there 's filters for that . 
  slow bios updates , but it 's alright . 
  i still ca n't get 2933mhz on my ram though . 
  i do n't even know how to check vrm temps on this board . 
  yeah i think fedora 25 ships with 4.10 . 
  ubuntu 17.04 ships with it too , if you 're fine with using a non-lts release . 
  in bf1 , the 1400 only loses when paired with a 1080ti . 
  tell me , who the hell buys a $ 140 cpu and a $ 700 gpu ? 
  and runs it with a 1080p monitor ? 
  the most glorious feature would be linux support . 
  i 'm hoping i can use them both in tandem . 
  i play killing floor 2 a lot , and it has a cap of 150 fps . 
  my fps regularly goes over 144 , and i get tearing . 
  if i enable vsync , there 's no tearing , but there 's significant enough lag that it fucks up my aim and we get a team wipe . 
  no , it 's like nvidia fast sync . 
  it lets your fps roam free but still get you a tear-free experience . 
  nice , thanks . 
  in current games , 4 cores with smt will be enough . 
  i got the 8-core though , because i sometimes do stuff that benefits from more cores . 
  but how the fuck do you get a fury x to 1500mhz, 
  i bought the same bundle , and i have the same issue . 
  lowered brightness to 50 % :p, 
  stability . 
  you probably installed it wrong . 
  i did that the first time , but it works fine when i fixed it . 
  path should look like : . minecraft/shaderpacks/ebin-shaders ( . zip ) / shaders, 
  there should be a bunch of . vsh and . fsh files , and 3 subfolders in that folder . 
  me no speak kurwa, 
  consoles started it tbh, 
  external fps cap would increase input lag . 
  loudness is n't always an indication of power . 
  you can have a car that 's powerful and silent . 
  same with pc . 
  native is always better than wine ... 
  well i have limited desk space lol, 
  it 's barely adequate . 
  my friend used stock on his e3-1231v3 , got to 90c, 
  and nowadays it 's useless gg, 
  by complaining the devs that their game sucks, 
  i just recently cleaned my shine 3 , but too lazy to take pics lel, 
  what language is that for, 
  no asus . 
  they have gone down in quality recently . 
  i recommend msi b350 tomahawk, 
  seriously . 
  as someone with an asus board , do n't buy asus . 
  [ related song ] ( https://youtu.be/hp-wdte9mmq ),
