  i have a fractal case , psu , and case fans . 
  can confirm . 
  nope . 
  only steam . 
  it would be rather awkward for me , because i 'm at school . 
  the sound insulation in my apartment is rather good , so i can clicketyclack all i want . 
   duel boot, 
  now i 'm thinking of a pair of boots , having a duel . 
  if you 're running a hd 7xxx series , you can use the open source driver . 
  it 's very stable , and close in performance to catalyst driver , but only supports ogl 3.3, 
  mine has been unlimited for quite a while . 
  i always have to set the limit to some absurd number because i hate when it nags about data usage . 
  i got one before the switch , it 's still alive and very fast . 
  i ca n't play 4k60fps video at all . 
  i can play games at that res/framerate though . 
  i ca n't turn it off for some reason : /, 
  mine are connected to the define r4 fan hub . 
  cod black ops has a separate mac version ... 
  not sure if it 's possible . 
  yep . 
  my r9 290 only artifacts in gta v as well . 
  i do n't have money atm so i could n't :(, 
  fills up file `` lol.txt '' with the word `` lol '' , until you stop it or run out of disk space . 
  open source driver : more stable, 
  catalyst : better 3d performace, 
  heyy , that 's my birth year, 
  i know , but forgot :p, 
  no : i, 
  the graphical optimization is fine , but online has a ton of issues . 
  it 's awesome when it actually works . 
  are you hiding satan on your d : drive ? 
  oh yeah , i played it on ps2 when i was little . 
  bought it again from gamestop 2-3 years ago on pc, 
  g2 is still a great phone , especially for that cheap . 
  i got my d802 for 400 $ a year ago : /, 
  soon we have to pay $ 60/month for steam premium to access advanced features . 
  just give it a bath in isopropyl alc . 
  now let 's start spamming valve about improving customer service . 
  it worked with the paid mod thing , after all . 
  because they have never used it . 
  most peasants think that mods = hacks, 
  $ 350 for the unit + $ 12 on filament + $ 90 on taxes : i, 
  pretty much all mechs are indestructible . 
  $ 40/month and i get 100mbps here in finland . 
  european masterrace, 
  amd r9 290 works like crap with open source drivers :(, 
  i know it is easy to install , i have it . 
  still , i miss the stability of the open source driver ; ~ ;, 
  me too . 
  the twinfrozr cooler is loud :(, 
  looks like systemd/linux, 
  i 'd buy a 32-core . 
  then get an ssd for linux , and compile programs blazing fast . 
  we do n't want a monopoly , whatever the company is . 
  when there 's no competition , there 's no innovation . 
  i do n't follow mobile news much but my snap 800 is great . 
  my r9 290 gets to 86 \u00b0 c. 
  it 's not even a reference cooler :(, 
  i live alone and rarely visit my mom or dad . 
  going to visit my dad for this weekend though . 
  inb4 butthurt devs ban people they do n't like, 
  uhm , i 've had 1080p html5 video on firefox for 2 months . 
  [ money for an os ? 
  i installed the updates on my school pc and it 's fine . 
  it has a gt 610, 
  the rotation sensors in my country 's buses use windows 7 ... 
  some billboard in helsinki refused to boot once . 
  it ran windows 7, 
  schools are free in my country , but we have to get our own textbooks in some schools . 
  i have a shitty tn, 
  only for iphone ? 
  i could have afforded a 970 , but went for r9 290 . 
  they were similarly priced . 
  that happens to me all the time :p, 
  could i have one in 3840x2160 ? 
  i could use a macbook . 
  i already have a desktop for gaming . 
  i got into the alpha too . 
  290 over here, 
  thanks :3, 
  gog gives free games ? 
  i 've only gotten one for free : /, 
  russians in gta online ; _ ;, 
  they get rather annoying when i just wan na drift my karin futo around the city ... 
  i have an arch linux/osx ( hackintosh ) dual boot at school . 
  karin futo is my favorite . 
  my mobo does n't have any video connectivity . 
  john heisz does a lot of cool stuff from wood as well , but also works with metal . 
  if you like racing , i recommend assetto corsa . 
  one of the best pc exclusives . 
  edit : it 's also very well optimized , my r9 290 runs it at 4k , maxed out ( no msaa ), 
  it seems you accidentally posted the comment 4 times . 
  what ? 
  you have to speak up over my 100mb/s, 
  took me 7 mins, 
  i had about 25 gigs worth of restore points . 
  i recommend to set the reserved space lower than default . 
  if it makes no difference , why not use the easier way ? 
  just put a blob and let the sink spread the paste . 
  2012 : radeon 7500 ( was a poorfag ),
