  150 megabit but i 'm really getting maybe 30 on a good day ... 
  and carrier ca n't really do anything about it , it 's lte and i live in a bunker . 
  paying 30 $ / month . 
  but the game itself ? 
  kf1 had linux support . 
  dual m1911s definetely can take out a scrake . 
  i 've done it sometimes myself . 
  probably viable if you got good enough aim since you always need to headshot . 
  i think that 's dumb because chrome 's adblocker only blocks ads in chrome , not in other apps . 
  or is this what they 're going for ? 
  it 's all open source code , so they can if they want to . 
  it does require a reload and some space to kite , but possible . 
  sometimes you got ta do what you got ta do . 
  hell , i 've had to use the starter turds to kill scrakes sometimes . 
  hope the fan is quieter this time . 
  left : amazing highend cpu, 
  right : one of the best kf2 players, 
  true 4k = ultra settings ? 
  might wan na watch [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/d5zsaavknr8 ), 
  it was offensive but i thought it was pretty funny, 
  mine looked way worse than that . 
  as a nano owner , get a 580 . 
  noisy as shit m8, 
  i 'm assuming heat output . 
  athlon 64 ftw, 
  oc to 3.8 ghz and get 300 extra points, 
  that 's a really low score for 4ghz, 
  any cpu does . 
  they also open popups to ads on click ... 
  there 's a subreddit for buying windows keys , / r/microsoftsoftwareswap, 
  looks like 3d art but forgot to enable displacement mapping, 
  cause you want 4k 200 fps, 
  dolphin uses dx11 and vulkan tho, 
  the opengl backend is unoptimized so no reason to use it . 
  nah it 's their sister brand , dx shopping cart, 
  well it 's better than getting kicked by russians who just decided to come and take over a server . 
  hoe is for nubs xd, 
  well in the 2 times this happened to me , the guys were russian, 
  works fine for me , apart from some times when i have to tab out of the game and back in for macros and binds to work . 
  hell they 're already making an x299 board like that, 
  200 \u00b0 c coffee ? 
  das hot, 
  none in my country , gg, 
  fake switches to make you feel safer . 
  why would n't it be a good idea ? 
  slap on one of those new noctuas and should n't be an issue , just put enough fans on the case . 
  i thought us and europe get the same game deals ? 
  lot of us have a ton of internet points already , wo n't make any kind of a dent in it 8 ), 
  if you can hear your fans at idle , time to buy better fans . 
  that works too , but i 'd rather have absolute reliability and lower noise personally . 
  air coolers have less moving parts , therefore less chance to fail , and less noise ( no pump required ), 
  drill 120mm holes to the sides and attach fans , problem solved . 
  one thing i 'd love as a medic main is penetration , would make my job so much easier . 
  healing multiple knobs at once . 
  modern wireless mice are competitive with wired in latency and accuracy . 
  try a g900 if you have the chance . 
  man , wait till you try a g900 . 
  ask amd ? 
  would it work on pc ? 
  are n't there chemicals that prevent corrosion with setups like that ? 
  just wait till you experience cd, 
  ggwp, 
  and this is why people hate us linux users ... 
  i 've been leaving mine on for nights the last 2 years and never had an issue . 
  but then i need to wait 10 seconds for it to start . 
  fuck that . 
  yes it does . 
  i 've been having this , thought gpu was dying, 
  console vs pc is like ios vs android phones . 
  similar hardware , but one is locked down . 
  now stop nvidias please . 
  i 'm still waiting for vega, 
  210w is n't much , only 30 more than 1080 and same performance . 
  i hate how wine looks like it 's from win95, 
  it will most likely have similar performance as the 64 , like previous amd cards . 
  ( 290 vs 290x 3-5 % difference ), 
  so hot it makes me burst, 
  adding to that , one could go rrrlr on boss wave . 
  i personally do that because headshotting both bosses feels difficult to me . 
  depends who you ask . 
  my next laptop has to have a 120hz screen because 60hz is unbearable . 
  i wan na poke your hole , sexy boy, 
  100hz is quite a bit less than 10 % if your gpu is 1000mhz . 
  are you on ryzen ? 
  you need an updated it87 kernel module . 
  do n't forget the muffler bearings . 
  it is now, 
  you do what now ? 
  sleep is for people who ca n't afford coffee, 
  i wish my 4g was fast . 
  signal is always trash . 
  man i get those upload speeds on my phone, 
  to upload ? 
  finland here , no data cap on phone and it 's cheap too . 
  this is n't as bad , but my grandma still tells me to not download anything on their pc . 
  it 's been 10 years since i last downloaded a game on that thing ... 
  i was 12 kek, 
  true , but that 's not the reason why this happens . 
  did you get one at all ? 
  yeah , that 's why i just use my phone when i visit them .
