  $ 40 monthly for unlimited 4g , 150mb/s , 
  oh god ... 
  i tried oibaf on mint once and tf2 lagged to fucking hell . 
  arch is still the best . 
  gon na be using it more when i get my gtx 980ti, 
  what 's wrong with linux ? 
  catalyst is still absolute shit . 
  radeonsi works about as well as intel 's drivers . 
  yes , but how does that make it bad ? 
  yep ... 
  steam looks really bad on my 4k monitor . 
  atleast they make less noise than 7200rpm . 
  about their only benefit . 
  they 'll probably die away when ssd 's become cheap enough . 
  so eu customers , who have proper internet get physical discs , but not us ? 
  seems like a stupid idea . 
  core duo does not support x64 . 
  i have a t2500 , refuses to boot any 64-bit os . 
  unlocked variants are fine too . 
  gt3 runs quite well , but some tracks are laggy . 
  r&c does n't work well with hardware rendering mode :(, 
  industrial and thrash , 
  i think he said he has a core duo , whuch is not . 
  games , and even the ones i have that work on linux lag like hell because of my gpu choice . 
  it is , just no games that use it . 
  yep . 
  also , it 's called amd nowadays , old geezer :p, 
  you can get a used ps3 for cheap . 
  yes , unfortunately none of them support youtube : /, 
  you need to root , install xposed , and install a youtube adblocker module to do it . 
  yea , but ps3 is still the best bluray player out there . 
  not pointless on apus , since the graphics chip uses system memory . 
  this year i got 2x8gb of desktop ddr3, 
  i 'm selling my 290 for the same price when i get my 980ti :p, 
  not reference , msi loudfrozr . 
  tfw my lte gets smooth 100/50 mb/s, 
  no , but i just used my phone anyway . 
  me too . 
  tbh linus is getting kinda boring . 
  i have 3 good friends from france , all of them seem to have quite bad internet . 
  i got mine from gamestop for 10 $ , also had nfsu 1 & 2 . 
  i think there is a texture mod for this game . 
  have n't tried it though . 
  friend lives near paris , has 10mb with a datacap . 
  dunno how much her family pays . 
  am not murican though . 
  i 'm finnish , i have 150/50mb lte with no cap , paying 30 $ / month . 
  ping is a bit higher than when i had cable . 
  i usually play tf2 on a server located in france ( modded ) , and ping went from 50ms to 70 . 
  but atleast my upload speed is 5x higher now :p, 
  oh how lucky i am being born in one of them . 
  you can find it in gamestop for like 10 $, 
  quite a nice budget build . 
  xdbox, 
  \\  not 4k, 
  damn greedy american carriers . 
  go to router settings , block the ipad 's mac address . 
  i got 1500 hours in tf2 , started only a bit over a year ago . 
  glorious beard masterrace, 
  and how many years have you played it ? 
  dang it , got mine from a steam sale . 
  what if my keyboard is louder than me ? 
  just checked , not eligible : /, 
  amd does n't support physx :(, 
  my friend who 's still in school worked his ass off during the summer , built a 2k $ pc . 
  shame he did n't wait for maxwell though ... ( was last year ), 
  but in the end it 's still shit . 
  jk , i love steelseries . 
  but can it run chrome ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  edit : nvm , googled it :d, 
  depends . 
  a gtx 750 uses about 75w iirc . 
  not that much considering how fast it is , and how low it costs . 
  i have an r9 290 , it works kinda well on linux . 
  with proprietary drivers i can run dirt showdown at 4k , 2x msaa , and ultra settings , 
  i studied ict , and my teacher was impressed with how well i can use linux , but have n't found a job yet : /, 
  i live in finland , maybe i could look at jolla ? 
  yes , the proprietary driver should work . 
  if it did n't , lot of people would be very mad :p, 
  define r4 masterrace ? 
  takes about 5 seconds for me . 
  msi r9 290 . 
  otherwise fine , but loud as fuck . 
  and no , it 's not a reference cooler , it 's a twinfrozr iv, 
  unlimited 150mb/s, 
  crossfire works with open source driver ? 
  well i get 200fps with my card , so that should tell something . 
  crossfire is n't exactly a top priority for mesa devs , as only enthusiasts have multi-gpu setups , which is a really small number :p, 
  better than my laptop . 
  ati x1250 , ca n't run tf2 on minimum settings . 
  i 'd use linux but the drivers are bugged for the card . 
  i have n't had any of the problems you listed : /, 
  only a couple of crashes , mostly when rebooting . 
  depends on the ass . 
  a hairy male ass is n't pretty to look at . 
  i know , as i have one . 
  4k masterrace, 
  27 '' is big enough imo, 
  way ahead of ya :3,
