  wireless internet, 
  wireless power is technically possible , not sure if a product like that exists yet tho, 
  \\  tfw some people still think you ca n't game on a wireless mouse, 
  i have a g602 and g900 , love both, 
  asus gtx 1060 dual is best seller in finland : / ( jimm 's ), 
  there 's tech for it but i have no idea if any exist right now . 
  i think there 's wireless hdmi adapters tho . 
  read again . 
  it 's still quite chilly in finland during nights , i keep a window open when i 'm gaming in the evening . 
  it 's heavy , scrollwheel is a bit meh , and it also has a switch to swap between `` eco '' and `` gaming '' mode . 
  ( eco : 125hz , gaming : 500hz ), 
  it 's hard , but still readable lol, 
  what 's usaa, 
  g602 is good , but a bit heavy . 
  or g900, 
  first pcie card i owned was hd5570 . 
  still have it , in my server for hdmi . 
  this looks like a usb keyboard , not a laptop . 
  idk about the phones much , as i 'm european , but i know that us carriers have shit data plans . 
  nice . 
  i hope denuvo dies out completely . 
  the fps difference is n't huge , especially if you get high speed ram and overclock the 1700 . 
  i 'd do i too if my gpu did n't crash during opencl workloads . 
  donating compute power to cure diseases . 
  technically someone could delid 2 cpus and swap them , putting back in some old athlon with the ryzen 's lid , but i think it 'd be too much work to be worth it . 
  aa-12 masterrace, 
  inb4 they run uhd at low settings on consoles and restrict pc to 1080p, 
  the hdmi port only supports 1080p so that might be a challenge, 
  the biggest thing i hated was that you could n't turn off voice chat . 
  r34 is overrated , r32 ftw, 
  i remember when the new version came out , it ran like complete ass, 
  and also reduces lifetime . 
  definetely not normal , i get 60c at 3.8 ghz 1.35 v on a noctua nh-d15 . 
  see what ryzen master says , i believe it overrides the temperature offset . 
  i doubt you need vega 10 ( highend ) for that , vega 11 ( midrange ) would be better for you , but it 's coming in late 2017 . 
  rx 480/580 would be best , if you can find one for cheap , cause they 're all bought by cryptocoin miners ... 
  i have n't measured it , but i think 20-22c ? 
  my samsung ssd has the same thing but i do n't have their software installed . 
  there are cpus with more cache than that ... 
  he 's running lower voltage with a better cooler though . 
  huh , i always assumed the d15 was only equal to 240mm coolers . 
  rewards are n't available where i live , and i use multiple operating systems so using 2 different browsers would be a pain . 
  well that 's fucking useless because there 's only one game worth buying in ms store, 
  by tux i thought you meant the linux mascot lul, 
  also impressive work for just 4 days of experience, 
  not sure what 's the best , but i run dbs , medic shotty , aa12 . 
  usually i get the trenchgun for early waves though , then sell to get the medic shotty . 
  dbs is just amazing , you can 2-shot scrakes on 6-man hoe if you time and aim it right . 
  who needs the m32 when you have this . 
  i hope mining becomes worthless on gpus again soon . 
  what if i only drink beer, 
  i 'm from finland myself , when i was living in helsinki i paid like 5c per kwh . 
  not sure how it is in eesti though , probably cheaper . 
  like booze . 
  which is the only reason finns visit . 
  i 'd do f@h if my gpu did n't crash on opencl workloads ... 
  i hope it dies out asap , or amd cranks production to 11 . 
  looks like a piece of shit but all of those games should run , not very well though . 
  there are 580 's for 250 $ ish on mindfactory.de, 
  either that or crank up the production of polaris to 11 . 
  it 's not that nvidia gimps their cards , it 's that amd massively improves drivers over time . 
  idk man , killing floor 2 runs great here . 
  they did port their flex effects to work on amd though . 
  nvidia 's github has a version with flex , 4.14 and newer support flex on amd . 
  yeah . 
  ue anyway . 
  i dunno man , i think it sounds epyc . 
  modern linux filesystems can do raid natively too , and with great resistance to data loss . 
  wait for threadripper, 
  i do n't think pptp is bad , cheap anyway . 
  what if one does n't own an nvidia card, 
  amd is releasing their own soon though . 
  that 's just bitcoin . 
  ethereum is specifically made to be mined on gpus . 
  turbo vsync , not released yet . 
  i have seen loads of people defending intel and saying they 're buying an i9 anyway . 
  most are from facebook tech groups . 
  pc enthusiast groups , includes gaming . 
  kinda like this subreddit but 100 times the cancer . 
   acer and asus make terrible fucking monitors . 
  idk , i 've been happy with my mg279q . 
  default freesync range is trash though . 
  yeah , i 've had my gpu crash in opencl workloads multiple times on win10 and linux , always recovered . 
  on win10 odd shit has happened though , like refresh rate locked to 90hz , or resolution locked to 800x600 . 
  i use mp7 and pistols on the start , then get the mp5 , then p90 , then kriss . 
  power is cheap in finland as well , i paid 0.05 $ per kwh when i lived in helsinki . 
  now i have free power , yay . 
  that 's the top end 16-core . 
  i did n't say that lol . 
  there 's other options like the bottom end 10-core , which will probably cost $ 50 more than 1800x . 
  p4 sold more too , because of deals with dell and such , and the mindshare . 
  no , it 's just a gpu load measuring application . 
  it 's still unreal , and an nvidia sponsored game ( flex and hbao + ), 
  [ same story in finland ] ( https://www.jimms.fi/en/product/list/000-1k7/komponentit--naytonohjaimet--pci-e--amd-radeon--rx-500-sarja ), 
  ( `` toimitusaika-arvio : ei vahvistettu '' means eta unconfirmed or something like that ), 
  politically correct masterrace, 
  trust me . 
  i 've seen it all . 
  the 14 , 16 and 18 core models are just a panic answer to amd 's threadripper . 
  on top of that , they used thermal paste between the die and ihs on these chips , which makes delidding mandatory if you want good temps .
