  a smartphone can do that cheaper, 
  idk why you were downvoted but freesync is awesome . 
  i think a rubberdome keyboard can take a wash . my k120 is fine after 3 washes with plain water . 
  my keyboard looks worse after 2 years tbh, 
  i have one that i got from my grandpa , even has the pencil mod done to it . 
  why did you rip off the rubber things ? 
  friend had the same one , failed a bit earlier . 
  he bought an r9 fury as it 's the same price as the 780 was new , he 's been happy . 
  a 290 can do 4k 30-60 fps depending on settings , and you can get one for $ 150, 
  you need a card with full 4gb / s, 
  anyway , have you disabled xbox dvr ? 
  never tried gsync , but freesync is fucking awesome tho, 
  http://www.overclockers.com/forums/showthread.php/246672-close-all-bridges-on-athlon-xp-duron-with-pencil !, 
  allowed enthusiast to unlock their cpu multi with a simple mod, 
  it was a joke about the 3.5 gb controversy, 
  [ here 's instructions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=su6dfugbe4g ), 
  thanks for being awesome . 
  maybe contact kunos and ask if you can port assetto corsa over ? 
  why did n't you just ask sapphire support for a replacement fan ? 
  well i sold mine for that price . 
  what . 
  no i meant your comment is true that amd is better in long term, 
  i have n't seen much toxic behavior on pc . 
  yeah i love the music , i play with vocals turned on, 
  me too . 
  awesome band but my friend thinks it 's gay . 
  why do console gamers always bring this up ? 
  there are just as many hackers on consoles . 
  in my 300 hours i have not met a single hacker . 
  you can use a pad on pc , you can plug a pc on any size tv , you can even build a pc as small and/or as cheap as a ps4 . 
  and i would n't call 27 '' exactly tiny lel, 
  freesync helped a ton in witcher 3 . 
  ran it at ultra settings in 1440p , got 45-60 fps , but any fluctuations were unnoticeable . 
  10ms input lag is n't even that bad . 
  try samsung u28d590d with almost 40ms . 
  gunslinger is a viable trashcleaner if you can aim well . 
  i usually play with a single deagle and dual sw .500 . 
  single because for some reason i have significantly worse aim with dual . 
  matchmaking on pc has been a nightmare in my experience . 
  one or more of these things happen :, 
  * server with high ping, 
  * custom map even though i requested stock only, 
  * empty server and nobody joins, 
  well i have yet to see any hackers in the pc version of kf2 , and i 've played it for 300 hours so far . 
  seen hackers occasionally in other games , but they get dealt with pretty quick . 
  she screams so loud that the bottle shatters to dust and the flame goes out . 
  with enough skill , you can do [ anything ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfexgapqigi ), 
  imagine if they reset pc levels on release, 
  i personally hate the sights , which is why i use the mp7 until i can afford the p90, 
  i think russians are the worst offenders . 
  never talk , just kick if someone 's doing something wrong . 
  i know not all ruskies are like that , but i 've met some . 
  one day i was playing medic , every one of my teammates was russian , poor zerk was almost votekicked for whatever reason . 
  tbh i disassembled mine every time , and only rinsed the top part with no electronics or the rubber pad . 
  then let it dry . 
  on pc you can host your own servers , and the new server takeover feature lets you host a private lobby in someone 's server ( unless they turned it off ), 
  i use : l , l , r , l , r, 
  weapons of choice : 1x deagle , 2x .500 whenever i can afford , medic pistol depending on situation, 
  i wish i could use the damn effect . 
  or realtime reflections . 
  one bugfix i want is for the broken reflections on amd hardware :(, 
  i dunno i just hit better with ironsights , which is why i use it . 
  i spectated hans once . 
  was nice to see how testing new nerve gas looks like from his pov . 
  144hz , why are you even asking, 
  i went with higher refresh rate , and it 's worth every penny . 
  i just listen to the game 's music with vocals on, 
  it 's fine with ultra textures . 
  dual 7870 and single r9 290 are about on par in performance though . 
  damn nvidia still relying on an external bridge when pcie is just fine, 
  my friend has been happy with his razer wireless mouse though . 
  omg i remember trying the demo on ps3, 
  i saw a video of someone playing overwatch with dj hero controller, 
  an amd card + cheap freesync monitor is a good option too, 
  i did n't notice any jaggies when i played it . 
  amd or nvidia card ? 
  on nvidia this got fixed with a chrome update , still broken on amd but restarting chrome always fixes it . 
  yes, 
  i got 200 or something hours in gta v , 300 in killing floor 2 , and 2500 in tf2, 
  never had an issue with any cable reaching any plug in my huge case . 
  psu on the bottom also allows it to intake it 's own clean air , so ... 
  my friend has one and hates it, 
  nvidia is bugging you to buy a new card . 
  yes, 
  i beat a suicidal solo match as berserker , which is n't my best perk . 
  am i ready for suicidal then ? 
  i 'm like the only one who never experienced this glitch : /, 
  my team finishes basically every time i play on hard , so yeah i guess it 's time to move to suicidal . 
  i 've finished some suicidal matches with friends , not sure what 'll happen with randoms, 
  never finished a game on hoe though : /, 
  yeah some people have expensive power i hear . 
  tbh it 's cheaper than a gaming keyboard + mouse combo, 
  edit : in my country , at least . 
  damn it finland . 
  edgy . 
  not where i live, 
  in finland those cost 260 $ together, 
  double the price where i live . 
  uhh there was some samsung 4k 32 '' monitor but i forgot the model name, 
  the low end of freesync range does n't matter tbh , there 's low-framerate compensation .
