  i managed to break my logitech mouse . 
  i changed to it a while ago . 
  only problem i have is that the picture viewer crashes sometimes . 
  i 'm a 20 year old , angry finnish man with a tendency to throw things when frustrated . 
  270x is a great card . 
  i had an asus model , but gave it to my bro when i upgraded to a 290 . 
  yes . 
  what kind of a question is that ? 
  of course i do . 
  we scandinavians are lazy . 
  i never finnish anything . 
  it 's always either the ram or drivers that cause issues . 
  creates it from electricity and unicorn farts . 
  is that a hdd dock on top ? 
  well , there are printers that can print circuitry . 
  they can only print the board , not components . 
  or just watercool it . 
  yes . 
  i stopped using the official facebook app because it 's a battery hog . 
  friend recommended me tinfoil for facebook . 
  install a custom hosts file to block ads . 
  you actually can uninstall it , but only partially . 
  i do n't give a flying fuck about halo . 
  i just want forza on pc . 
  i have never heard of that he cheated . 
  i think his videos are still entertaining and i 'll probably keep watching 'em . 
  muselk did a video where he plays tf2 with a controller . 
  it was pretty funny to watch , and he even got a couple of kills :d, 
  would this keep my r9 290 under 80 \u00b0 c while gaming ? 
  which mario kart is this ? 
   welcome / home brother !, 
  ftfy, 
  i have the [ msi ] ( http://www.msi.com/product/vga/r9-290-gaming-4g.html#hero-overview ) model . 
  85c under max load and it 's almost as loud as a reference cooler . 
  yep . 
  was on mobile and too lazy to link . 
  yeah . 
  i could have gone with a xfx model too , but was literally 10 $ short : / i could see if changing thermal paste helps . 
  yeah but that formats only the main drive . 
  what if one has multiple drives mounted ? 
  one thing is to forget everything you know about windows . 
  i have an msi twin frozr 290 . 
  it 's fast , but loud and hot . 
  85 \u00b0 c at 75 % fanspeed when gaming . 
  these kinds of people is why i habe de cansur b0ss, 
  everyone in my class is a pc gamer except this one guy who plays on his tablet . 
  i study ict in a vocational college . 
  this guy plays on xbox and tablet because `` it 's easier '' . 
  he has also broken 3 computers in 1 month . 
  one of the things we have to learn is how to disassemble and reassemble a pc . 
  i think you can figure out the rest . 
  is the game on sale ? 
  - buy it . 
  if you ca n't get the key to work , you can get a new key cheaply from / r/microsoftsoftwareswap, 
  i got my 8.1 pro key there . 
  my rig runs the crew at 60 fps on ultra settings ... 
  meanwhile i 'm trying to get a 1080p monitor and 2 1280x1024 monitors to work in eyefinity . 
  yeah , but i ca n't figure out how to get it to work the way i want . 
  i ca n't align them for some reason . 
  i can adjust the vertical position but not size . 
  gim me pc port of forza horizon 2 . 
  1 is hdmi  dvi adapter , 2 dvi . 
  if you were a shape , you 'd be a rektangle . 
  i should really reinstall arch linux . 
  i have ubuntu , but broke it ( again ), 
  eh , i do n't like the `` n00bified '' feel of ubuntu . 
  i installed it because i wanted to build cyanogenmod nightlies , but now there are official nightlies for my phone so idc . 
  i think dead island has aim assist on kb + m too . 
  also the sensitivity is weird as hell . 
  how to find retards : go to comments on any youtube video . 
  one guy tried to tell me that gtx 730 ( yes , he said gtx ) is faster than a gtx 680 . 
  if you know how to use the command line , i recommend that you try it in virtualbox or on a spare pc . 
  warning , may cause addiction , 
  i have it c :, 
  my keyboard 's leds are configured right from the keyboard itself . 
  all you need is power to the keyboard :p, 
  it 's a lot worse on linux ... 
  why did you get downvoted ? 
  i had an r9 270x and it ran games just fine . 
  cs : go at highest settings hitting 300 fps cap constantly . 
  i had an r9 270x . 
  games ran just fine . 
  cs : go at maxed settings was hitting the 300 fps cap constantly . 
  i managed to burn a hard drive . 
  was my first time fiddling with a pc . 
  also a classmate of mine burned a motherboard after he hot-glued the battery holder back in place ( please do n't ask why he did it , i do n't know ), 
  so that 's why numlock is n't on by default in arch ? 
  um , i had a 270x , and my cpu is an 8320 . 
  i had settings maxed and framerate was constantly hitting the 300 fps cap . 
  i was using fglrx . 
  ca n't remember what distro , might have been arch with kde . 
  i replaced my arch with ubuntu , and just yesterday went back to arch . 
  quick edit : ah yes , it was in november , so arch . 
  amen . 
  also thanks for reminding me that i got ta update my flair :d, 
  it 's free , for gaben 's sake . 
  go download it and see for yourself . 
  in finland : 100/10 cable without anything else for 30 $ / month . 
  i do n't watch tv so idc . 
  someone already made an [ aur package ] ( https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/vivaldi/ ) for arch .
