  r9 fury nitro, 
  21-24 '' for 1080p , 24-27 '' for 1440p , 27 '' + for 4k imo, 
  well i get about 45-60 fps in witcher 3 , freesync does help in that case . 
  both have shit coolers , but amd wraith is real good . 
  it comes preinstalled with some devices . 
  such as : some dell laptops , lg g3, 
  idk man i set mine to 60-144hz , it works fine . 
  never had to lower fs range . 
  i do , and it works fine below the range . 
  no tearing . 
  it 's such a good deal it 's unreal . 
  i can see pixels on my 27 '' 1440p monitor , and it 's quite far from my face . 
  but you did n't bother upgrading your phone dammit, 
  people still think that wireless mice have latency ... 
  only issue they have is battery life . 
  edit : what i meant that most people think wireless mice have more latency than wired , as it used to be : i, 
  i never noticed any added latency going from a 1000hz wired to 500hz wireless gaming mouse, 
  well personally i do n't think iphones are pcmr worthy because of their closed nature , much like consoles . 
  i do n't even have the damn thing lel, 
  nah man , they 're still good, 
  in my short experience , it does n't seem to increase input lag . 
  1070 ca n't do 1440p 144hz ? 
  should work fine . 
  pls no, 
  taken down by nintendo in 3 , 2 ,1 ... 
  me too . 
  gave the game and weapon dlc # 3 to a friend . 
  i think one solution was to set ` busetexturestreaming ` to false in kfengine.ini, 
  i have literally never seen a single hacker in kf2 . 
  even in other games quite rarely . 
  well they might put an indicator that says what platform they 're on , like rocket league . 
  medic maybe . 
  always good to have a healer . 
  what ? 
  i have a steam controller connected and the game works fine . 
  i hated the older msi cooler . 
  loud , and failed to cool my 290 well enough . 
  fps limit imo, 
  the most popular hack for kf2 only works in singleplayer ... 
  i would n't worry . 
  i think it helps load times , and maybe with stutter in some games . 
  ayy looks like i 'm going for cm again, 
  hope it wo n't be terribly unstable , like cm11 or 12 was on my lg g2 : /, 
  i was using cm12 on it before nightlies came lel , built my own, 
  idk man i ran 4k on 4gb just fine . 
  not on ultra though but eh . 
  the witcher 3 runs well enough too at 1440p ultra . 
  i have never seen a mitx am3 + board , only matx , and only one that 's good . 
  amd has always had multiplier locked chips like intel , i do n't see how this is new . 
  nothing for amd yet :(, 
  i 'd like to undervolt my r9 nano on linux too . 
  yeah , i always just use the pulverizer as zerk , and throw all excess dosh to teammates ... 
  steam chat deletes links to g2a, 
  i never tried rocket league and i do n't really understand why it 's so popular : i, 
  if it does , i have n't noticed it . 
  ( capped to 142fps globally ), 
  global setting or per-game ? 
  only global works for me . 
  you got it backwards . 
  hyperthreading is just simultaneous multithreading ( smt ) but intel had to have a cool name for it . 
  you should practice . 
  mouse + kb is vastly superior if you can use it . 
  what makes this high fps unplayable ? 
  does the game not play correctly ? 
  like something breaks at high fps ? 
  pls no, 
  i remember one time a husk killing 4 teammates , and i was left alone when one was killed by whatever, 
  it has never autoupdated my drivers : i, 
  it only did the initial old driver install , then i updated from amd.com, 
  i 've heard asus has shitty coolers for amd cards , would n't get one . 
  well , the only one i ever owned was an r9 270x , and it was silent , ran at 75c so idk . 
  people say their 290x was shit . 
  kinda excited for it , but probably wo n't be playing it if there are n't gon na be any affordable vr headsets : /, 
  i do n't have it yet , but i had a similar looking youtube layout . 
  `` had '' , because i opted out of it because it did n't fucking work . 
  \\  tfw ultra preset does n't max out anisotropic filtering, 
  at least in gta v , i ca n't tell 2x msaa from fxaa , but framerate is much better with latter . 
  i believe it 's because gpus lack the proper drm , latest version of hdcp . 
  thank god i changed to google play music . 
  most games ( still ) only need 4 cores max , so an i7 is pointless for pure gaming . 
  unoptimized ? 
  it runs at 50-60 fps at 4k high settings on my system, 
  now find a 270hz monitor to use all that fps, 
  i mean , i have a quite highend card , i still use fxaa ... 
  * samsung galaxy xcover, 
  * samsung galaxy mini, 
  * samsung galaxy ace 3, 
  i had some dumb phones too , most before i got my xcover . 
  i plugged my 2 phones together , my op3 recognized the g2 but only let it charge the g2 . 
  chrome/chromium for me . 
  and yeah definetely root it . 
  yeah , never seen it drop performance significantly . 
  except in minecraft for whatever reason . 
  or use your operating system 's built-in scaling function ... 
  afaik every modern os has proper scaling . 
  not sure about os x but they have 5k screens so i expect them to have it . 
  pictures were n't scaled with text scaling though . 
  i owned a 4k monitor for 1.5 years . 
  i might try how it performs on amd later . 
  edit : took a bit long , but yeah it does boost performance on amd too .
