  tldr ; capitalism, 
  it ai n't difficult . 
  just follow [ this ] ( https://wiki.tripwireinteractive.com/index.php?title=dedicated_server_ ( killing_floor_2 \\ ) ), 
  i never got a ban for receiving money from hackers , or even using overlays . 
  just lucky i guess ? 
  finally something good from eu . 
  enthusiast cpus have always been soldered , until i9-7k series at least . 
  function over form . 
  i got one in a server , it 's good enough . 
  my keyboard was way dirtier a couple weeks back . 
  3 years of stroking my beard made it look nice . 
  my mom just uses lte anyway . 
  not yet , but i want one . 
  preferably with freesync . 
  tf2 spy : this is a bucket . 
  i have installed the game on ssd as well . 
  startup takes a long time , but loading into a map only takes a second like in the video . 
  joining a server takes longer though , even if it 's an official map . 
  i did the weekly with a friend , he was swat , i was support . 
  we just camped at the tank spot in outpost . 
  when you play with idiots and you have to kill all the scrakes with a dbs yourself . 
  best mouse, 
  afaik they have leaked a ton of amd info for 10 years . 
  yeah , at stock the nano runs at 800-900mhz depending on resolution and game . 
  if you do n't mind noise , it 's a good card . 
  scrake = chainsaw murderer, 
  fleshpound = buttbuzzer , or just `` pound '', 
  we have finally entered the age where wireless mice are better than wired . 
  i love tuna too, 
  tf2 reference ? 
  a lil ' of the ol' chop-chop . 
  gpd win . 
  he did not , but it 's missing the fan . 
  why does that video look so yellow, 
  i have sometimes bought an rpg as medic , but i still fulfilled my duty . 
  rpg + medic smg + medic pistol , used this loadout when i was playing cd with one guy . 
  he just kited zeds as zerk , i went nuts with rpg . 
  because they just wan na heal themselves . 
  who buys physical copies nowadays, 
  mostly low level players . 
  there have been situations where 2 randoms join when i 'm playing with a friend , and they kick us both . 
  why ? 
  just wan na hijack a server ? 
  like just find an empty server cunts . 
   vote to kick people who sell my higher tier weapons, 
  just leave the server at that point . 
  throw a dynamite at their feet ( higher chance to stun ) , then either feed the scrake an rpg round , or just shoot the fp , depending which one it is . 
  1060 is n't that much faster than your 290x . 
  overclock or go crossfire if you want more fps . 
  it 's enough . 
  ah , how i love living in europe with actually unlimited mobile data . 
  i think it 'd work well for racing ? 
  tfw a video card has as much ram as my brother 's pc, 
  but that 's not how capitalism works, 
  at least do n't buy a wireless naga , it 's a piece of junk . 
  bitcoin miner virus, 
  why do you have all those cables connected ? 
  i only have like 3 connected on mine . 
  but medic can do it more often . 
  you do n't own the game , regardless of which media you buy it on . 
  but are you running in the 90 's ? 
  i 'm thinking that vpns probably wo n't work , isps are n't that dumb . 
  i got my r7 1700 so i can render faster in blender . 
  good thinking , comrade, 
  at first i read `` should i smell my rx480 '' , and i was like uhh sure mate, 
  awesome , my favorite game atm . 
  depends on what difficulty you 're playing . 
  higher difficulty , bigger chance you get your gun back . 
  it 's not metal , it 's metalcore :\\ ^ ), 
  i met one of those once , just report them on steam and let them be . 
  pro is n't for gaming . 
  ak47 so i can [ rush b ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=935744975&amp;searchtext=de_dust ) better . 
  go sharpshooter, 
  it 's not dlc , it 's a free update :p, 
  for the sake of spamming, 
  i use a green for games :(, 
  dlc is generally something you download separately . 
  this is a mandatory update , not dlc . 
  you buy a pulverizer and whack zeds with it , ez, 
  why do n't you just buy that one, 
  spare one for leafy, 
  most of the time randoms give me my gun back , or do n't pick it up at all . 
  maybe i 'm just lucky then . 
  this is why pga is better . 
  `` g900 lookalike '', 
  it looks nothing like a g900 . 
  i own one . 
  there are great wireless mice if you 're ready to pay a premium . 
  logitech g403 and g900, 
  physx is nice tech but i do n't think it 's worth it considering how little games use it , plus the cost of an extra gpu ( if going hybrid ), 
  more cards sold = more money for amd = more cards produced to keep up with demand . 
  in the end this is a good thing , even if gamers do n't get to use these cards , amd gets more dosh for r&d . 
  benchmark app ( maybe compatibility with nvidia too ? 
  ) , cpu temp monitor , fps/performance overlay . 
  i with freesync even fucking worked on linux . 
  they claim it works , but i never got it working on any driver version . 
  not with amdgpu-pro , not with amd-staging kernel . 
  pick whatever your team needs . 
  healing ? 
  trash killing and cc ?
