  did you compare md5 sums ? 
  identically sized files can be totally different inside . 
  why do you even use cdma, 
  rest of the world uses gsm i think, 
  you 're paying the same price over a long period of time , and getting a worse phone . 
  not worth it imo . 
  rip, 
  i 'm happy i live in northern europe, 
  i 'm not comfortable with a pc on a desk : i, 
  um , there 's a hack that lets you install linux on a ps4 , so i think it 's possible, 
  hynix makes better memory anyway, 
  in dx11/opengl games maybe ... 
  i 've never gotten a phone with a contract . 
  always bought separately . 
  nvm then, 
  gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8, 
  i 'm just waiting for kf2 linux port, 
  what prevents you from running several ps4s connected together in a network ? 
  but it 's the most popular one, 
  a cluster , by definition , is just a bunch of computers calculating the same stuff together . 
  how is that exclusive to cell microarchitecture ? 
  mine 's saving me 3gb of ram , so it 's doing something . 
  i did , but one can make a computer cluster out of ps4 's . 
  you can cluster any kind of computer together in a network . 
  ps3 's were used because they had unbeatable bang for buck back then . 
  i wish i could run linux on a ps vita . 
  sounds normal to me, 
  my acer does n't require taking it fully apart , just removing a cover : i, 
  also what the fuck is that cooling system, 
  i 'm sure as fuck my laptop does not . 
  vbox is n't the full experience really . 
  it can be sluggish at times . 
  i recommend getting a cheap ssd/hdd to install it on . 
  that hardware looks like schiit . 
  ayy i got the same pair . 
  80 ohm tho , so do n't need an amp . 
  some people do n't have a smartphone , and they wan na sell shit on the market without having to wait 15 days . 
  and of course one could have a separate pc just for 2fa codes . 
  mobile authenticator is required for some things , such as :, 
  * playing tf2 competitive ( at least in beta ), 
  * trading without having to wait 7 days, 
  * selling stuff on steam market without having to wait 15 days, 
  i know , but beta required mobile auth . 
  have n't played tf2 in over a month tho , it has went to shit . 
  better than 0 out of 18, 
  30 % with proper optimization i 'd think, 
  to me , they are . 
  that 's why i 'm on windows 10 right now ; - ;, 
  what do you mean ? 
  uefi never caused issues for me . 
  i prefer it over legacy bios , as it lets me choose what bootloader to boot ( windows , grub , refind , whatever ) and honors it . 
  legacy only has one possible bootloader at a time . 
  friend of mine is selling a 1440p 144hz freesync monitor for cheap , should i buy it ? 
  last time i tried facebook app on my phone , it required access to my contacts before it let me use itself . 
  yay now i got suggestions to irls i never talk to anymore ... 
  hope this shit happens to my mom 's iphone so i can tell her to buy a oneplus 3 or some samsung . 
  the guy is also selling a fury x , but i can only afford one : i, 
  it 'd be awesome for my 4k monitor tho, 
  i think that 's all we need for linux usage to start growing exponentially . 
  more users = more available software ( incl games ) = more users willing to change = more device makers willing to preload it, 
  that 's surprising considering how many fucking nokia lumias i 've seen in finland . 
  how 2 do this : i, 
  what, 
  xset m 1 1, 
  some phones , like my g2 , can do hdmi as well . 
  set up mine with a small tv to watch youtube in bed . 
  mine is horrible with moga or ps3 controllers . 
  oneplus masterrace, 
  my lg g2 did n't boot anymore , week later when i already ordered a new phone , i tried to reflash the firmware and it works fine now lmao, 
  best phone, 
  i wish ratchet & clank games worked properly in hardware mode :(, 
  get them from [ steamos repo ] ( http://repo.steampowered.com/steamos/pool/non-free/a/amdgpu-pro-installer/ ) ? 
  o shit i have a fury, 
  brb upgrading kernel, 
  we like to live dangerously . 
  downloading kernel 4.8-rc3 as i 'm typing this : \u207e, 
  most complaints i hear are towards the fact that it does n't follow the unix philosophy ( do one thing , and do it well ) , and it ca n't really be resolved as that 's not what it was designed to do ... 
  gta v scales well with threads , my cpu runs the game fine . 
  i doubt anyone is going to let a virus in systemd ... 
  asus has top notch pr but shitty quality control and customer service . 
  never had an issue with their motherboards though , and hopefully never will . 
  this thing has an lte modem ? 
  how much is it, 
  personally i do n't care for rgb lighting . 
  i use the product , not look at it . 
  i just want forza pls, 
  i 've been using windows mostly ; - ;, 
  you must remove more kebab to afford it, 
  i think i have a similar acer . 
  does yours have an amd apu as well ? 
  mine looks like that and i 'm used to it because it 's all i ever used ... 
  more frames in fps games . 
  aiming with low fps is horrible . 
  in other games , depends . 
  upgrade your kernel or install amdgpu-pro, 
   sultan, 
  new rom ? 
  jesus fuck there are new ones popping up fast, 
  i personally like systemd btw , just in case you were wondering :p, 
  nowadays i only fire up minecraft to test shaderpacks .
