  i have a g900 , zero noticeable latency . 
  do n't get 27 '' 1080p , the pixel density is horrid ... 
  competing amd products were a lot better ... 
  even pentium 3 was faster in some cases . 
  if you think catalyst was bad on windows , you shoulda seen it on linux ... 
  they wo n't adopt freesync for as long as gsync proprietary bullshit keeps generating them money . 
  yes and no . 
  adaptive-sync was in edp long before nvidia even thought of gsync , but amd convinced vesa to implement it to displayport only recently . 
  then why is mobile gsync just rebranded freesync ? 
  because most people , quite surprisingly , play at 1080p ultra . 
  r9 nano can run the witcher 3 at 2560x1440 at around 45-60 fps . 
  if you drop some settings , a fury x should easily get 60 fps on a uw 1440p display . 
  high refresh rate is more for first person shooters imo , not necessary to run w3 or crysis 3 at 100fps . 
  downvoted for telling the truth lol, 
  it 's true , most people playing on pc do use nvidia . 
  fury x, 
  r9 nano here , i 've never really had to drop settings in a demanding game at 1440p . 
  missed that lel, 
  e-350 was shitty though, 
  padoka ppa was good when i used ubuntu . 
  i just like having it because i do n't feel like i 'm in control without it : i, 
  i know , and it 's shitty for linus to not test it . 
  but it 's still true that most people use nvidia gpus in gaming pcs . 
  i tried to run it on my laptop with an amd a8-3520m and hd 6740g2 , got 40-60 fps on lowest settings at 720p after overclocking the cpu and gpu :(, 
  so where can i get a gtx 1080 for $ 200 ? 
  having multi-threading on caused mouse sensitivity issues for me when fps fluctuated . 
  having it on however gave me more stable fps . 
  you should n't play firebug at all right now , it 's nerfed to absolute hell and quite useless ... 
  idk like 20 $ on keys . 
  my best unbox so far has been a precious skin for the sg500 . 
  and no i 'm not selling it . 
  drop or unbox ? 
  best cosmetic unbox : broken mask | sugar purple, 
  best weapon drop : ak12 | predator | mint ( i really like the look of this ), 
  best weapon unbox : sg500 precious, 
  i want one for desktop use, 
  seems good to me lol, 
  i tend to completely focus on healing people when i 'm a medic , only shooting if absolutely needed : i, 
  commando and swat are better at trash killing now , personally i like commando more . 
   baseball bat for berserker, 
  i 'd love to have this if a heavy attack would send the zed 's head flying . 
  ( if it kills from a headshot ), 
  kf1 had the barrett m99 , a bolt action rifle without a magazine . 
  basically kf2 railgun , but with bullets , no aim assist , and crazy expensive ammo . 
  they have been developing this for a long time ... 
  i think since 2012 . 
  i do n't think a pc with i3-6100 and an rx 470/480 costs $ 1000 . 
  i read somewhere that gcn 1.0 does n't gain much from async compute , so i do n't think it really matters . 
  works for me . 
  how so ? 
  doubt anything 's broken . 
  i do n't use molex to sata adapters , and every part is fairly recent . 
  do n't be concerned for my safety . 
  i 'm trash anyway . 
  talking about anti-aliasing , why does kf2 only have fxaa ? 
  i 'd love if they at least implemented smaa , which is open source and probably easy to implement . 
  i 've never had a chance to try the flex features myself , as i do n't have a compatible gpu : /, 
  i wish they could work with amd to make gibs working on the red team as well . 
  you can block updates . 
  ... as long as you have 10 pro ... 
  no , i changed a setting from group policies and it has never installed updates on it 's own . 
  swedish ? 
  i got 2 250gb samsung 850 evos and a 120gb kingston v300 . 
  they 're all great . 
  no they 're a bit like amd vs intel cpu . 
  amd has more slow cores . 
  but the difference is that games can ( usually ) take advantage of lots of small gpu cores . 
  yes it can . 
  source : i had a 8320, 
  if you do n't have a skin for that weapon equipped , it shows the dropped weapons skin you pick up . 
  example : i drop my precious sg500 , someone does n't have any skin for it , picks it up and the skin persists, 
  what 's the downside ? 
  card runs cooler and quieter without losing performance ( or gaining performance in some cases ), 
  because you have a 390 . 
  r9 fury can match a gtx 1070, 
  freesync does work with crossfire . 
  you can get a fury for $ 300 , and it can match a gtx 1070 . 
  it is enough . 
  there 's an alternative on linux called conky . 
  gtx 590 , hottest card ever . 
  literally on fire . 
  visit / r/unixporn and you 'll know . 
  still saves money by buying a freesync monitor . 
  impact rounds if you find yourself having to assist in hvt kills a lot . 
  otherwise fallback . 
  played on suicidal yesterday with some lv23 survivalist . 
  it 's not as useless as i thought it was lol, 
  i 'm using a g900 , it 's working fine . 
  you need to have a windows vm or dualboot for lgs though . 
  why not anymore ? 
  i do n't think gcn 1.0 cards ran very hot either . 
  also hd 7990 is the best looking reference card . 
  tfw no cat, 
  well usually when i have to assist in kills , i have to solo it anyway ... 
  i just want good performance without having steam crash every hour :(, 
  amdgpu-pro has been shitty in my experience . 
  on every version , except 16.50 ( which i have n't tried yet ) , steam has crashed after a random time of launching , making any kind of gaming impossible . 
  chill drops framerate in certain games when you 're standing still etc, 
  290x had a shitty reference cooler , and most popular non-refs were shitty as well . 
  last time i tried it , it lagged like hell .
