  but you 'll lose the end game loot . 
  if you really want it , you can just do one solo match daily lol . 
  here 's a link to another crack , completely safe https://forums.mydigitallife.info/threads/65739-kmspico-official-thread, 
  it 's great . 
  i use mine in wireless mode always , the cable is just for charging lol, 
  amd has that too , but only on memory clock . 
  there is no technical limitation . 
  nvidia chooses not to , because their proprietary bullshit keeps making them money . 
  if you have a g-sync and freesync monitor with the same resolution , range ( 30-144hz ) , and panel quality , and matching cards for both ( 1060 vs 480 ) , i doubt anyone could tell a difference . 
  if anyone has actually tested it , tell me . 
  i got a mg279q . 
  it 's been great , i love freesync even though it has a limited range . 
  it already does . 
  only dx9 though , and only in wine . 
  i 'm not talking about emulation , i 'm talking native ( only on amd tho ), 
  is making a vulkan game in unity or unreal just ticking a box ? 
  or is it more complicated . 
  it 's the opposite on amd , open source has no tearing while proprietary has crazy tearing ( at least the year old catalyst did ), 
  support is in the driver . 
  amd 's is actually intentional . 
  it does increase idle temps a bit ( my 290 idled at 50c with fans on ) if you have multiple monitors . 
  iirc it was made because idle mem clockspeeds were buggy with multimonitor, 
  i just want freesync working on linux ; - ;, 
  i have n't had this , mine is locked at 144hz on the desktop . 
  fury masterrace ? 
  is there any issue a reboot could n't fix ? 
  only issue i 've had is that freesync stops working randomly , but rarely . 
  reboot fixes it . 
  it 's just unlikely , i ca n't remember getting kicked from a server with normal difficulty even once . 
  rip, 
  tfw i 've used 43gb myself this month : i, 
  enabled tearfree and/or dri3 ? 
  i just get errors when i go and enable it . 
   freesync monitors will not go or adapt below 30fps, 
  false , freesync has supported this for a year . 
  that 's why my monitor is at 60-144hz range . 
  here you 'd be paying like $ 30/month without overage fees . 
  yeah it 's there unless the server owner disables it . 
  only time a lv25 plays on normal if he 's carrying a friend new to the game ( which i 've done before ), 
  well dri3 is enabled out of the box now in mesa 13 i believe, 
  i think dri3 also enables it . 
  at least i got no tearing with dri3 alone . 
  there 's low framerate compensation . 
  it sucks, 
  what ? 
  my laptop with hd 6740g2 works fine on win10, 
  would be even better if they competed using the same base standard , so we would n't have a split monitor market, 
  time for furious gaming . 
  tfw only keyboard 's spacebar and mouse have rbg lights, 
  mg279q + r9 fury, 
  that 's not high end enough ? 
  i 'm running that driver , working fine . 
  question about that cpu . 
  how much cooler does it run delidded ? 
  i still root , but i do n't use custom roms much at all anymore : /, 
  stock android rooted is all i need . 
  i only root for adaway though ... 
  but that only blocks ads in firefox . 
  all i want is a 1440p 144hz amoled/oled monitor with freesync, 
  i think there are only 75hz 1080p ips monitors : /, 
  all i 'm gon na buy from it is a xmas gift for my brother, 
  relive does n't require login c :, 
   what if i value gameworks ? 
  why would you value an anti-consumer feature, 
  if your framerate is over 60 , it wo n't make a difference . 
  vesa adaptive sync, 
  they 're quite rare now . 
  i do n't see them very often now , whereas a year ago they were everywhere . 
  idk , but it 'd be better for the consumer imo , because both camps would use the same monitors ... 
  just like me in the inside, 
  it 's microsoft trying to get rid of competition, 
  is vendor lock-in any better ? 
  i once saw a scrake kill a fleshpound while they were trying to attack me :p, 
  pls no, 
  normal sirens are already fucking annoying, 
  heal your fucking teammates , even if you 're not a medic, 
  it 's much more effective if ya 'll heal eachother rather than yourselves , because the medic syringe recharges twice as fast if you heal another player compared to self heal, 
  so that 's why we got wiped by sirens ... 
  i think it looks hilarious , pls no fix, 
  i just use adaway because i root anyway . 
  guess who does n't use those apps . 
  the modem my isp gave was alright ... 
  i used only ethernet tho, 
  tfw only 175w of heating power, 
  postpone updates long enough and it will come . 
  you can still keep postponing them tho lol, 
  i get this too . 
  we do n't even have it where i live, 
  if you own the game on disc , you technically can legally download a copy from another person ... 
  do n't the powercolor cards have a 6-point star ? 
  i 've never had to get lan drivers from disc . 
  os always comes with them . 
  depends . 
  you can build a pc for the same money as an xbox one . 
  pls no fix, 
  i love funny glitches like this, 
  yeah it happens sometimes . 
  yeah . 
  i just go in their face and shoot in the head with trenchgun . 
  or just microwave them .
