  have you ever shot a bloat in the face with the demo pistol ? 
  instant reu stack lol, 
  firefox is really laggy though . 
  the only acceptable abs is when you 're talking about brakes . 
  msaa is really badly optimized in gta v though . 
  2x msaa halves my fps while looking the same as fxaa . 
  i think 25-ish seconds on linux . 
  the reason why windows version is so slow is that it 's compiled with an old visual studio version . 
  for future games , the 1700 will be better . 
  also good if you stream or do content creation . 
  it 's asus . 
  great gpu , but loud . 
  ssaa is very demanding too :(, 
  the best aa in my experience are smaa and tssaa, 
  i have used both browsers , and chrome is the faster one for me . 
  i do n't know why . 
  is it my browsing habits ? 
  i tend to have hundreds of tabs open at times . 
  how 's the gpd win ? 
  i 've thought of buying their pocket model since austin evans reviewed it . 
  i got lpx 3000 , i can only get it running at 2666 : /, 
  got timings tight tho , 14-15-15-15, 
  well you got x99 already so would n't make sense to change platforms anyway . 
  anything noctua . 
  quiet as fuck , will run for years constantly . 
  i overclocked 1600mhz to 2133 :p, 
  same but went with noctua, 
  eh , i 'm sure i can get it running at 3000mhz when asus can be arsed to update their bios . 
  i got vengeance lpx 3000mhz , only running at 2666 . 
  any higher , no post . 
  mine 's 40c low and medium , 70c high . 
  keeps it under 60c most of the time . 
  i dunno why , but i tend to be more accurate with a single 1911 . 
  i use it when sniping clots from far away . 
  you can use cuda acceleration , but no sli . 
  it 's just laggy on all pcs i have . 
  chrome is n't . 
  i might go back to spotify . 
  there are better mobile apps doe, 
  i use sync , it 's been good . 
  i do n't need an anti-sag device . 
  see flair to know why . 
  i had 24gb ddr3 , quite a lot of tasks ate all of it . 
  such as compiling shaders in ue4 projects or building something on linux . 
  the specs are decent , price is n't . 
  higher clocks out of the box . 
  i really wan na buy that same ssd . 
  is it worth the price ? 
  because they 're good chips . 
  hmm , i might get the gpd win . 
  i just need to find a trusty seller . 
  surprised it 's not broken , considering the manufacturer . 
  fuck , it 's on sale right now but do n't have enough money yet ... 
  doubt my e3-1231v3 was, 
  extensions should download when you log in to chrome . 
  killing floor 2 if you want something that requires dedication and skill . 
  i 'm soon at 700 hours , still dying on hoe difficulty . 
  mainly due to bad teammates though ... 
  wifi will probably give you hell . 
  oh god , p4 ... what a piece of trash that was . 
  but to think that it 's predecessor beat it at lower clockspeeds . 
  increase bitrate or quality preset . 
  increase bitrate , use hevc, 
  just get a new one . 
  if aesthetics is n't your priority , you should get an aircooler . 
  ohhh ... 
  i was really tired and did n't notice that . 
  have you had your pc on for a long time ? 
  reboot should fix it . 
  if not , you might have malware . 
  i 'm gon na buy one in some time . 
  should i get 500 gig model or save for 1tb ? 
  i 've been having a similar issue with freesync . 
  lmao the 3dmark link shows `` adm ryzen 5 '' to me, 
  odd glitch, 
  i accidentally did that with my brother 's rig . 
  build was almost done so i did n't wan na tear out the mobo . 
  i took a screwdriver and carefully bent the shield where the tab is to get it out lol , worked . 
  happened to me too , it 's random . 
  changing around dp cables fixed it . 
  um , i do n't have this . 
  all my games run at over my screen refresh . 
  disabled xbox dvr ? 
  check / tmp/dumps/username _ stdout.txt ( ca n't remember the full name ), 
  why on earth are you using opengl renderer in doom ? 
  how much could i do with a nano if i left the gpu mining when i do n't game ? 
  edit : doubt i 'll do much , as my gpu crashes mid-benchmark ... 
  solution : do n't buy samsung, 
  it 's like double where i live ... 
  290 $ for 500 gig , 550 $ for 1tb, 
  i 'd recommend you to just go custom liquid . 
  ekwb and alphacool sell ready kits , they 're pricey but contain all you need to build one . 
   gives me mac version, 
  thanks ? 
  not on a mac , but on windows . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm just thinking whether i should buy it ... 
  supporting wine devs is what i want to do , as i someday want to entirely ditch windows . 
  if i buy it , do i get updates forever or do i need to pay to upgrade to the next version ? 
  nope .
