  i got my fx-8320 to 4.7 ghz with about that voltage lol, 
  yes pls , i want an osd built in, 
  nzxt cam fucking sucks , and i do n't wan na use msi assburner if i do n't use it for overclocking, 
  but you still can do it . 
  q6600 + r9 270x should easily still play games at 1080p tho, 
  phoronix does this kind of results . 
  my brother has an fx-6300 and an r9 270x , still plays any new game just fine ... 
  however fast it is exactly does n't matter . 
  it 's fast enough . 
  it just needs to be priced well . 
  i like it , now that it got buffed . 
  also i really like nailgun on support . 
  went with nailgun + medic shotty as support today , it worked quite well . 
  it has crazy penetration lmao, 
  it 's actually a feature . 
  tw wants you to fix your kill priorities . 
  unstable overclock, 
  basically same framerates as i get on windows ... 
  but it 's not a gif, 
  a fury could n't handle triple 1080p ? 
  i think they 're coming soon . 
  one headshot from any shotgun kills them . 
  that would teach all those noob firebugs and demos, 
  it only oneshots on hard in a 6-man game , or suicidal 5-man iirc, 
  speaking of support , nailgun is fun af to use . 
  damn thing penetrates zeds so well . 
  do n't bother with the singleshot mode btw, 
  m16 has the same damage as sa80 + dem nades, 
  demolition shooting a scrake with m79 is not ok . 
  i 've seen this before . 
  stable overclock might be unstable in certain games . 
  i played suicidal online yesterday , only used nailgun and medic shotty . 
  line up some zeds , the nailgun penetrates almost as well as dbs + has 9 shots if you use larger mags, 
  in a 3 man team i could even kill scrakes with it, 
  my brother has an fx-6300 and r9 270x , i think it bottlenecks a bit . 
  dell p2416d ? 
  i had one, 
  no support bonuses if you use singleshot, 
  no its not, 
  i just check my email because it shows the games that are on sale on my wishlist . 
  love your flair, 
  wait is that legit ? 
  as a last resort m79 is okay for fleshpounds ( like if demo ran out of rpg ammo ), 
  why are people still buying the gtx 750ti, 
  i remember a streamer trying to parry fall damage lol, 
  i wish games had built in configurable fps cap, 
  i sold mine along with my main 4k monitor and got an asus mg279q, 
  who has that expensive power anyway . 
  i pay like half that . 
  as long as you stay within the freesync range , yes . 
  some games go over 144hz for me and start tearing , but it 's not super noticeable . 
  i 'm in eu , i pay 0.06 $ per kwh, 
  vegan powered pros, 
  probably just shuts down , unless the thermal sensor does n't react in time . 
  they never asked me to turn off my adblocker , using ublock origin with aak list, 
  same on mobile with adaway ( hosts file based ), 
  friend tells me his 295x2 has issues with clockspeeds . 
  core clock drops to 800mhz while gaming . 
  temps are n't an issue because it 's watercooled with custom loop . 
  borderless fullscreen freesync worked for me, 
  i did 1080p60 at 30mbps on a same gen card . 
  1440p60 was choppy . 
  he said 50c on full load . 
  he also had to install clockblocker to get clocks to stay maxed . 
  some 14-core xeon . 
  that 's his oldest son 's rig btw . 
  his personal rig has a 6850k and twin titan x maxwell, 
  maybe op is running higher resolution . 
  looks like a 1440p monitor to me . 
  is it good ? 
  friend has been looking for a 144hz monitor, 
  250 $ gift card to local pc store . 
  gon na save up for x99, 
  yeah, 
  2 times is enough , 2.5 x is just a recommendation, 
  it 's just aesthetics , some people like it . 
  i hate that i 's buried so deep . 
  on linux , in ( i think ) every desktop environment , refresh rate option is right next to resolution . 
  inb4 linux ca n't game xdddd, 
  trying to use my laptop with a 60hz panel hurts ... 
  ca n't even overclock it , and i do n't think lvds connected panels support it . 
  i 've had to update the firmware on my steam controller , logitech g602 and g900 , random steelseries turd , and a ducky keyboard . 
  but unlike consoles it was never mandatory . 
  except steam controller i think ? 
  if you like cod zombies , you might wan na give a go at killing floor 2, 
  more zombie variety , gun variety , different player classes , up to 6 player coop , versus mode ( which sucks atm though ) , tons of gore and even realistic-ish blood if you 're on nvidia . 
  only thing missing is endless mode . 
  it has 4 , 7 , or 10 waves + a boss wave at the end of the round . 
  and i should n't forget to mention mods . 
  mainly maps , but also mods for extra difficulty that make dark souls look like child 's play , etc, 
  there 's an awesome zombie game made in heavily modified unreal engine 3 tho, 
  [ killing floor 2 ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/232090/ ), 
  but does n't windows 10 autoinstall gpu drivers ? 
  seen a lot of people complaining about win10 downgrading their drivers lol, 
  what games do you play ? 
  if you mainly play singleplayer games that are graphics heavy , 4k is a better option . 
  if you play first person shooters , 1440p is good . 
  i had a 4k monitor , every game looked amazing even at medium/high settings ( ran it for a long time with an r9 290 ), 
  i 've been playing a lot of fps now , so swapped for my current mg279q, 
  playability of a certain framerate depends on person .
