  majority of people use headphones or a 2 channel sound system anyways , so not that big of a deal . 
  still it 's good to implement stuff for people who may want to use it . 
  we build our computers in my class . 
  i love studying ict . 
  crysis has such well done motion blur . 
  so will they remove their existing games from steam ? 
  sorry to be an idiot , but who is he ? 
  i 've never gotten phished in the soon 3 years i 've had my steam account , but as soon as my brother changed his 1 year old account 's password he started getting bombed with bots and scammers . 
  about the mechanical keyboards , if you have a ducky , everything is configurable without a windows os or even a pc . 
  thankfully dirt 3 is getting and update that will remove gfwl , atleast that 's what i 've heard . 
  if we 're talking good about ubisoft , i 'd like to say that the crew was very fun when i tried the beta . 
  i will buy it if they do n't fuck it up too bad . 
  my fav car is the ktm . 
  i do n't like to drive supercars that much , i prefer a light sportscar . 
  possibly a faulty psu . 
  i dunno , never had a psu pop on me . 
  i could never use a stick that 's on the left side . 
  that 's why i have a g27 . 
  you 're in that group too ? 
  i 'm using an r9 270x right now , is the upgrade worth it ? 
  spies , bloody useless ... 
  what about us with 60hz monitors ? 
  both . 
  if you want challenging drifting , get assetto corsa . 
  intel atom with 1gb ram ? 
  eh , not really . 
  you should n't get framerate drops , except in cpu-heavy games . 
  canned air or a compressor . 
  i 've used a vacuum to clean the dust filters on my rig , but nothing else . 
  have n't had a need to dust out the insides yet . 
  my 2tb is almost full . 
  1tb of it is games . 
  common sense . 
  if that 's not enough , mse and malwarebytes should help . 
  actually , amd sockets are forward , and backwards compatible by 1 generation . 
  you can most of the time fit an am3 + processor on an am3 socket , but it depends on motherboard . 
  which linus ? 
  then how did my phenom ii x3 work on my m5a99x ? 
  boobs are boobs , no matter how big or small . 
  i 'm on mobile and did n't see it too well . 
  no problem . 
  no money right now but have an upvote . 
  is it that bad ? 
  holy shit . 
  atleast ea gives free games meanwhile ubisoft charges 60 $ for shitty ports . 
  or it may be just a driver problem . 
  onboard audio is pretty good nowadays so i do n't see a point to a sound card , unless one needs to do audio-related work . 
  my current one is amd and next one will definitely be too . 
  is that a cabinet or a pc case ? 
  and my classmate wonders why i favor amd . 
  quite a lot , ca n't remember all of them . 
  * 24 fps, 
  if we torrent their games , they 'll release the next game even shittier with the excuse `` all pc gamers are pirates '', 
  not related to the topic but would a chromecast be worth it if i already have a hdmi adapter for my phone ? 
  i do n't use those , but thanks for the tip anyway . 
  lg g2 here , using cyanogenmod 11 m12, 
  it also is highly moddable . 
  who would n't wan na run around as goat shrek ? 
  the devs said that they will only fix game-breaking bugs like crashes . 
  time for a new cooler then . 
  my desktop has been bluescreening lately after 5 months of use . 
  i just want a linux version of assetto corsa and i can ditch winblows completely . 
  my 8320 is undervolted and handles 4.2 ghz fine . 
  `` uncrackable '', 
  there is no such thing . 
  he 's shadowbanned . 
  being shadowbanned means that your posts and comments have to be approved by a mod before they show up . 
  wait , which one is crysis ? 
  honestly could n't tell the difference . 
  i 'm on phone , so that may have something to do with it . 
  me too . 
  op said in another comment that he has an ssd but it 's not in the list . 
  i 'm pretty sure it crashes during mod installation . 
  oh god , the stupidity in the comment section ... 
  [ amd had an lga socket tho ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socket_f ) ( was meant for servers , gamers and enthusiasts ), 
  outside temp here is just -1 \u00b0 c :(, 
  [ there is one , but it 's a mobile card ] ( http://www.notebookcheck.net/nvidia-geforce-gt-755m.102020.0.html ), 
  i have an fx-8320 clocked at 4,2 ghz , it 's awesome for the price . 
  only game that lags on it is arma 3 . 
  once i forgot that i was transcoding a video with handbrake ( all 8 cores at 100 % load ) and did n't notice any slowdown when browsing with chrome at the same time . 
  edit : damn phone keyboard . 
  obviously using ln2 cooling . 
  it 's a real swiss army knife . 
  it can overclock , take screenshots , record screen , and show fps . 
  it 's a better version . 
  more towers , maps and i believe no microtransactions . 
  i have a 20g syringe of arctic cooling mx-4, 
  my dad was too . 
  unfortunately i got into peasantry for a good while , only last year i started gaming on pc :(, 
  but it ai n't mechanical :(, 
  hard to say when it 's not released yet . 
  what ? 
  i 'm using windows 8.1 and there is no forced vsync on windowed or fullscreen . 
  check your graphics card 's settings . 
  i ca n't remember where it is in nvidia control panel , have n't used an nvidia in a long time . 
  there are games that benefit a lot from a fast multicore cpu , like beamng.drive . 
  someone has a time machine o_o, 
  they really do work . 
  i 've had my pc for 6 months and there is no dust inside the pc . 
  yeah , but that motherboard is optimized for overclocking .
