  most likely sony is being a dick , nothing twi can do about that . 
  i just listen to the game 's own music : i, 
  it 's v52 in killing floor, 
  damn and i was gon na buy that ssd, 
  and i only get 30mb/s in my home due to shitty signal ... 
  considering there are air rifles , legal to own and carry without any permit , that can kill or severely hurt a living creature , i 'm thinking propellant . 
  yeah but consider that i 'm paying for 150mb/s . 
  yeah , i sometimes spam darts at players if they need to get somewhere quick . 
  for example , to the trader . 
  it has saved a lot of random players days because they got to the trader just in time . 
  logitech makes some of the most durable mice , but linux compatibility is n't the best . 
  try razer if you love eyecandy ( rgb works on linux ) , zowie or mionix if you just want an fps mouse . 
  aesthetics, 
  and it does n't matter because all you need is 400 dpi for fps, 
  dirt rally is coming, 
  2 great products releasing the same day , damn, 
  yes , but you probably wo n't be playing aaa titles at that refreshrate . 
  you need displayport cables . 
  it depends on what you 're doing with it . 
  movies ? 
  raspberry pi should be fine . 
  games ? 
  ( or better ), 
  are you sure you 're not mixing bits and bytes ? 
  when i had 100mb/s cable , i got 11.5 mb/s consistently . 
  how do you fit a v8 in such a small car, 
  and all i managed to make in blender is a crude cock & balls, 
  mine sometimes shows 600k rpm, 
  i 've had my xeon for a bit over a year and i 'm going to upgrade . 
  it was a 3 minute job , ca n't be bothered to share . 
  it 's an actual demo . 
  it also runs in real time at 60 fps on decent hardware . 
  tried it myself , ran at 60fps on an r9 290 . 
  ue4 is literally the best game engine . 
  it has amazing graphics capabilities . 
  it 's extremely well optimized . 
  it 's easy to develop on . 
  it runs on a whole lot of operating systems ( windows , mac , linux x86 and arm64 , ios , android ), 
  and the best of all , free and open source . 
  2 balls and a cylinder ? 
  the only type of cat that i could own . 
  goddamn allergy . 
  make the folder read-only ? 
  i have 10tb written to my 850 evo . 
  should i start to worry ? 
  paragon and the new unreal tournament , both are from epic games . 
  games outside of epic , only one i can remember is brick rigs lol, 
  i do that even if there 's plenty of time left . 
  reading reviews , it seems like they recently ruined the game by removing server browser and replacing it with matchmaking . 
  just ... why ? 
  seems like a good game , but because of that , there is n't much players . 
  yeah , they sound kinda weird . 
  have at least 2 medic guns at all times , i pick up medic smg on wave 2 or 3 , upgrade to shotgun , then ar , always keep the pistol . 
  tab is your friend , allows you to quickly check if anyone 's low on health . 
  use your buffs if you have high enough level , for example you can give a speed boost to a player if they need to run away from something , or to the trader . 
  also you need to be alert , i check everyone 's health constantly . 
  if everyone 's fine , assist in killing trash . 
  you can also keep an offperk sidearm , my usual loadout is medic ar + doublebarrel + medic pistol . 
  sometimes i do rpg + med shotty if i feel lucky lol, 
   teammates can die very , very quickly, 
  noticed this when i went up to hoe . 
  i only do c4 for the boss : i, 
  so basically a more interesting firebug ? 
  every day i 'm getting closer to making linux my only os again . 
  you know that fad with gpu passthrough to virtual machines ? 
  ( linux host , windows vm for games ), 
  basically making that easier . 
  well i can download the source and view it , and even compile my custom version . 
  and they will cost an arm and a leg . 
  drm-next best kernel version, 
  y not, 
  i 've heard great things about vr, 
  hopefully cheaper than htc vive . 
  twist it a bit until it feels loose , then pull it off . 
  dog, 
  minecraft relies heavily on singlecore performance , an i3-7350k woulda been better, 
  i 've had 369 tabs open . 
  get wireless ? 
  nope , ue 4.15 added support for arm64 . 
  and with x86 i also meant amd64 lol , sorry, 
  i could actually try and build a small demo on arm64 and try it on my pi 2 . 
  i use crystaldiskinfo for that , it said 10.2 tb written . 
  i 've had the drive for over a year btw . 
  my other 850 evo has 1.7 tb written , but it 's my linux drive lol, 
  yeah it does lmao, 
  amd always had shit opengl performance , seems like they focus on dx and opencl performance more . 
  i thought it 's ea proprietary ? 
  it depends on the dosh situation what i get . 
  i never buy any ammo for smg or shotty though , there 's almost always a support i can steal ammo off :p, 
  you could just install android on a laptop lmao, 
  dualboot ? 
  i want that t-shirt d :, 
  does n't the 1700 come with one ? 
  it 'll look really nice in my non-window case . 
  i 'm hoping that vulkan wins . 
  i do n't want to be forced to use one operating system . 
  who gives a shit what microsoft thinks . 
  source 2 uses vulkan so it does use more threads . 
  maybe make a silent soundfile to replace it ? 
  i 'd love to try it but i 'm planning to get a htc vive ( or equivalent ),
