  rooted op3 and lg g2 with lineageos , gone from both . 
  i 'll bet this is yet another failed attempt to prevent piracy or something , fuck drm . 
  what about the new 16-core amd ? 
  because 60 is too low, 
  everyone needs porn . 
  are n't carrier modifications a thing mostly in the usa ? 
  in my country , no device has carrier bloat as far as i know . 
  ah , what do i know . 
  i buy unlocked . 
  tfw my bank allows rooted devices, 
  the bad thing is that the phone heats up quite a bit when dash charging and using it . 
  or maybe that 's just my usage , idk . 
  how are we clueless ? 
  amd ryzen has extremely good power efficiency . 
  but does it chooch ? 
  it 's quite a bit faster , more memory ( storage and ram ) , easier to mod ( i have n't bothered yet apart from rooting ) . 
  10/10 would recommend, 
  just do software raid , it 's fine for consumer applications . 
  check g2a ? 
  i know it 's hated here but it might be available there . 
  what is this ? 
  the website did n't give much info . 
  nah nothing can, 
  sometimes my lower level friends want to play with me on hard and it 's so easy i fall asleep, 
  both barrels for you bastards . 
  so theoretically better performance ? 
  one lv25 medic can easily carry a noob team on hard lol, 
  guessing because most people use facebook , so it 's just more convenient . 
  i could probably knife the boss to death on hard . 
  little correction : amd officially supports open source drivers . 
  in fact , they have developers who help develop it . 
  just curious , what api does it use for the physics calculations ? 
  opencl ? 
  the situation has flipped now , generally the open source drivers have much better performance in games . 
  at least on newer cards like fiji and polaris . 
  i 'm gon na use my linux os until it 's over , and also backup my files . 
  do you play games on it , or need to run windows-only software ? 
  if not , i recommend you install linux . 
  i 'm guessing most people here use iphones or older droids if their phones crash from 1080p video . 
  never had an issue on my op3 or lg g2 . 
  reddit sync user here , no issues . 
  older or low end ? 
  i 've had no issues with gifs , pictures or videos . 
  admittedly , i have one of the fastest phones of 2016 . 
  tbh i love the look of powermacs . 
  i 'd love to own one with dual ppc cpu . 
  probably . 
  if you need a good budget phone , get a moto g. 
  i 've heard of people with iphones unable to view high resolution images in reddit apps , or they would crash . 
  but they ca n't tell what weird ass shit i 'm into . 
  does he like normal softcore , or amputee midget porn ? 
  i believe we just need to get the market share to a point and it should start rising rapidly after that . 
  i reckon 5-10 % is enough ? 
  yeah you 'll be fine until they find another exploit . 
  * laughs in amd *, 
  is this legit, 
  it does have exploits , but i 'll bet windows has more . 
  i 'm pretty sure a 256 core amd gpu is more powerful than a modified 7800gtx . 
  never , i just let the bios control it . 
  it really does n't , in my opinion . 
  i have the same issue , no idea why it 's happening but it started after creator 's update . 
  i do use a dac though so i can just use it 's volume knob . 
  they have the same quality , as long as monitor specs ( resolution , vrr range , panel type ) are identical you 'll never be able to tell a gsync panel from a freesync one . 
  freesync has a range limit of 9-240hz . 
  as far as i know , the official spec for gsync is 30-144 . 
  any of them should do . 
  good for newbies is ubuntu or any derivative . 
  dx12 so far is only properly implemented in maybe 1-3 games , so i would n't worry about it . 
  their qc is just nuts . 
  yeah but it 's a trusted brand and available everywhere . 
  the steam release is 8 years old , but it actually started in 2005 as a mod . 
  some people just play medic so they can heal faster . 
  i met a guy like that , his only lv25 was medic at like 30h playtime , he never healed others . 
  me no speak london cyka blyat, 
  ayyzen from ayymd, 
  makes sense . 
  you can just add them in steam game launch commands . 
  just remember to put % command % after them . 
  launch it from bash , just put in `` pp_jimenezmlaa_color = x opentoonz '' and it should work . 
  if you want it easier , modify the . desktop file , which should be in / usr/share/applications . 
  you find the exec line , and before the command put `` env pp_jimenezmlaa_color = x '' without quotation marks . 
  and of course , change x with a number , 0-32 . 
  fx came when amd had a retardo leader, 
  dual bios motherboards yeah , but not dual bios gpus . 
  even some reference gpus have it . 
  all amd masterrace, 
  with raven ridge it might change . 
  i did . 
  well , i had an inel for a while between fx and ryzen, 
  i thought they 're as good as a 480, 
  to me it sounds like a placebo . 
  and why is his c : drive number 1 instead of 0, 
  or a cuda card . 
  290 is as good as a 390 . 
  at least mine was , overclocked to 1100/1400 . 
  not worth it . 
  besides , i tried it myself and had infuriating issues like unable to login after uninstalling nvidia drivers , and bsods . 
  np man , always happy to help if i possibly can . 
  20 fps ? 
  i was expecting i could play it with my friends , but nope ...
