  i do . 
  i ca n't see any latency going from my wired to the wireless mouse . 
  logitech really nailed the g602 man . 
  yes . 
  i 'd leave mine running every night if my gpu cooler was n't so loud : /, 
  maybe when i upgrade . 
  use the gpu then ? 
  no , it was just mobile app fucking up . 
  it 's a common joke here . 
  people often recommend the 390 instead of gtx 970 :p, 
  unless you 're like me and bought a non-windowed case : /, 
  meant the i5 . 
  use that for a server ? 
  you 'll learn . 
  i can fix one broken package usually :p, 
  i think you meant 4k, 
  i 've never seen plastic milk bottles . 
  all we have is cartons . 
  ati/amd cards are n't bad nowadays . 
  you should try them again . 
  i may get a 390x , there 's one on sale nearby . 
  the fact that dogs are fucking weirdos . 
  tfw it 's faster than the gpu in my secondary pc, 
  the new quadcore pis would do very well . 
  g602 bros !, 
  h77 does n't have official overclocking support from intel , but most manufacturers enable it anyway . 
  why not memetest, 
  150mbps lte , unlimited , 25 $ / month . 
  feels good living in europe . 
  finnish here . 
  i wan na move to norway . 
  only my keyboard 's spacebar has rgb lighting . 
  i usually do n't care about theming an os , but i made ubuntu look like os x once :d, 
  fast internet is not my only reason for moving though ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i have most of them , and i 'm saving for a new graphics card : /, 
  i ca n't even remember what color mine is . 
  i just use it without looking at it :d, 
   also , your motherboard and cpu need to support vt-d . 
  most amd boards and chips do support the required extensions . 
  at least my fx-8320 and asus m5a99x did . 
  my mouse 's scrollwheel failed to work sometimes . 
  ( scrolled up and down randomly when i wanted to scroll only up or down ), 
  fix : slam it on my desk, 
  your framerate is the same as my 290 's stock clockspeed . 
  hangouts works on the browser too . 
  i 've had issues with my 4k monitor . 
  i can only set my secondary 1080p tv to a specific spot , or half of it will be a garbled mess . 
  this happens only on mesa drivers though , fglrx works much better . 
  tl ; dr use proprietary drivers, 
  friend actually got kicked out of a game because of windows update ... 
  it 's not even funny , i 'm trying to have fun in tf2 and friend just goes offline , then 30 minutes later tells me windows forced dem updates . 
  would you like to install windows 10 , sir ? 
  you ca n't disable windows update on win10 . 
  windows 10 does n't allow you to turn it off . 
  i can try to help people too . 
  i know a ton and would like to share it :p, 
  only arch removes the old kernel i think . 
  ubuntu and debian keep old ones in my experience . 
  `` oh , you have old drivers . 
  let me update them for you . '', 
  never seen chrome os 's update system . 
  what 's it like ? 
  i used toiletpaper to clean mine . 
  i actually do use it , but last time i tried it did n't let me turn it off : i, 
  have n't tried the previews , but release version does n't let you disable i think . 
  just checked and apparently it does let you disable it ... 
  i was wrong . 
  i could n't unlock my 290 :(, 
  hd 5570  r9 270x  r9 290  r9 nano, 
  i might be an amd fanboy . 
  i have a lot of ide dvd/cd drives laying around too . 
  also had like 10 floppy drives but threw them in the trash . 
  18gb of storage is n't enough to hold a single modern game . 
  they are fine . 
  my msi r9 290 gets to 90 \u00b0 c under load ... 
  i have a 27 '' 4k monitor , and i think it looks amazing . 
  good for my gpu because no need for msaa :p, 
  sudo shutdown now, 
  one thing i hate about americans is this . 
  they just say `` degrees '' but do n't specify which unit . 
  i believe you need it in some distros . 
  not on arch at least . 
  you turn off your pc ? 
  lol, 
  290x is more equivalent to a 780ti , not a 770 ... 
  dedicated decoders do wonders . 
  i upgraded to intel a while ago too . 
  i went for an h97-plus and xeon e3-1231v3 though . 
  so do you wan na install from an outdated media or do you wan na install windows 10 ? 
  i pay for mine too and i could n't give a crap since it 's cheap . 
  i brought my old hd 5570 to school for the last few months before i graduated , played games after i 've done all tasks . 
  most were linux-related and i did them too fast anyway :d, 
  and yeah it was faster than the gt 610 and hd 2600 school had xd, 
  ran flatout 2 at 1080p on arch linux using open source drivers ( with wine ), 
  he does n't seem to care about linux development anymore though : /, 
  ya know , some people like to play games . 
  hope it supports amd cards . 
  you ca n't play all of them . 
  have fun with your locked down phone . 
  you can run lol in wine , and rocket league is getting a linux port .
