  i 'd play cs go if it had hats . 
  how cool temps can hard drives operate at ? 
  mine are usually below 30 \u00b0 c. 
  ducky shine 3 with mx blues , too lazy to link a pic . 
  my phone also has hdmi output :3, 
  hats, 
  some traditions are fucking stupid . 
  this is one of them . 
  i bought serious sam 3 when it was on sale . 
  i liked the game a lot , completed it with my brother . 
  cycles has experimental opencl support , but it 's buggy and disabled by default . 
  but they 're not gon na use opencl because marketing . 
  i installed the heatsink that came with my fx-8320 on my brother 's rig that has a phenom ii x3 710 , and it does an excellent job at cooling it . 
  but seriously amd could raise the price of their processors by 10 $ to include a better stock cooler . 
  assetto corsa has nice graphics too . 
  also i 've had a ton of fun playing it with my classmates . 
  windows vista, 
  his eyes are n't used to it yet . 
  it can take time for some people . 
  old case ? 
  i have a wireless xbox 360 controller because i hate wires . 
  i do n't have a logitech mouse , but i do have a g27 . 
  i remember playing lego star wars with my little brother on our ps2 , good times ... 
  i could buy them on steam some day if they are available . 
  he visits me sometimes so we would have something to play . 
  damn ... my 2tb still is n't full, 
  only thing about the linux client is that it ca n't show videos : /, 
  i myself use transmission on linux and deluge on windows . 
  that sucks . 
  if you consider getting a new case , i ca n't recommend the fractal design define r4 enough . 
  absolutely love the design . 
  i was supposed to post this earlier , but i was too busy playing assetto corsa with friends . 
  if you 're wondering what wheel i had before this , it 's a 13-year old logitech driving force . 
  yes . 
  i believe all wheels do nowadays . 
  it did n't look that bad to me . 
  i never saw the fps dropping under 120 . 
  besides , the linux version was released only recently . 
  i like gnome for it 's simple looks , althout it feels like it 's made for touchscreens . 
  i myself use kde . 
  i think i have seen it . 
  is it about a guy who played cs go with a racing wheel ? 
  thank god i live alone . 
  what do you mean ? 
  g27 works perfectly on pc . 
  what about mods ? 
  i want one as a dedicated physx processor , even though i do n't care about physx that much . 
  just to warm up my house while gaming . 
  i paid 300 $ . 
  i do n't have the power for 4k : c, 
  i did n't get shaders working on 1.8 . 
  guess i 'm lucky then . 
  i can download game updates on steam without setting a bandwidth cap and watch 4k online video at the same time . 
  mine demands more than a noctua . 
  i got ta get a watercooling kit . 
  i 'm getting an alphacool kit that you have to assemble yourself . 
  they hate amd because it has slightly worse per-core performance than intel, 
  i had one too , but gave it away to a friend who needed it more . 
  why ca n't steam cloud do that ? 
  * sigh *, 
  my friend has one and he ca n't stop complaining how bad it is . 
  glorious m5a99x, 
  you could manage the cables a bit better and flip the cpu cooler 90 \u00b0 to the right . 
  awesome otherwise . 
  i have same speeds , but i pay 30 $ monthly ( $ 40 ), 
  i agree that wheels are better for racing ( i have a g27 ) , but you do n't need to be a dick . 
  i have 2 wireless controllers , they 're great for emulators and playing splitscreen with my brother . 
  my brother 's rig would need an upgrade , but unfortunately i do n't live in the uk . 
  good luck to the guy who gets it , 
  i have n't named mine , but i thought `` silent inferno '' would sound cool and fitting . 
  can confirm , i have one . 
  amd cpu + amd gpu in a fractal define r4, 
  i watched a guy streaming the evil within yesterday . 
  the game ran at 30fps even after removing the cap because of horrible optimization , and he could n't play from laughing at all the bugs . 
  also he could n't play it sober . 
  best stream ever . 
  what do you mean ? 
  [ * heavy breathing * ] ( http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120202021141/teamfortress/images/0/0d/300px-heavy.png ), 
  gaben has blessed you . 
  he crossfired them and can now play at 1080p 60fps . 
  180 on my phone . 
  too lazy to open computer . 
  you forgot next car game and assetto corsa . 
  i got ta buy aoe 2 . 
  i really enjoyed playing it on my uncle 's pc couple of years ago . 
  i got 4,2 ghz at 1,2 v, 
  i do n't even have a nas . 
  just a 2tb drive that i use for everything . 
  i have an old pc i 'm using as a server but it only has 2 hdd spots , 1 of which is in use . 
  it 's a [ dell optiplex gx280 ] ( http://www.cnet.com/products/dell-optiplex-gx280/specs/ ) . 
  it only has 2 physical spots for hard drives , and i think only 2 sata ports as well . 
  also the current hard drive is probably gon na die at any moment , so i need to get a new one anyway . 
  i 'm running all 3 . 
  speedfan reports 2 billion \u00b0 c as cpu temperature on one of our school computers . 
  and no , it 's not an amd . 
  assetto corsa is a truly glorious game . 
  i 've had a ton of fun playing it with friends . 
  i hope the prices drop , i need 32gb . 
  not gon na pay 300 $ for that . 
  i tried jc2mp with a friend of mine and we kept getting killed constantly .
