  ps4 had an exploit that allowed you to boot linux on it . 
  that 's still kinda decent hardware, 
  considering how fast nvidia forgets their cards , the 1080 is only good until volta comes out, 
  only 4 years :(, 
  i 'm already using pure open source driver over the pro driver , because the pro driver still crashes my steam client randomly, 
  if only they fixed linux proprietary drivers ... 
  amdgpu-pro still causes steam to crash randomly . 
  ubuntu atm , but happened on arch as well . 
  i 'm 22 : /, 
  been a console gamer most of my life . 
  i doubt there is a card that runs hotter than my msi r9 290 gaming . 
  94c at 100 % fanspeed , 90c vrm temp at idle . 
  speed  amount, 
  4gb has been plenty for me , never ran out at 4k . 
  has n't been an issue for me . 
  oneplus 3 is real nice , but i have n't tried cm on mine yet . 
  chinese backdoors lmao, 
  people who 's friends do n't use mumble or discord . 
  i 'm not one of em , but i know some . 
  ts and mumble have free servers . 
  tfw no youtube red, 
  not available in my country yet, 
  oh god , xfx 's paste job tho ... 
  mobo was probably already dead, 
  \\  hating on something useful, 
  i 'm scared to check my nano 's paste job , lol, 
  i think compile times are more affected by your computer 's specs . 
  unless you all have the same exact specs , idk, 
  can misleading be counted as malicious ? 
  waiting for snapshots . 
  do n't wan na run nightlies on my daily anymore . 
  we ran cad on core 2 duos with integrated graphics, 
  i wo n't be using much libre software , as i bought forza horizon 3 : /, 
  tf2 , 2500h and i still suck . 
   very little difference between 1333 and 2166mhz, 
  it depends on game . 
  in some games , you get no boost . 
  in some you might get up to 25 % . 
  i could look around in wayland , but there was no pointer locking and my character just spun lol, 
  wobbly windows, 
   6 gb of ram and a x86 os, 
  linux says hi, 
  mine can do -42 mv stable , or -48 mv in benchmarks . 
  if you do n't touch power limit , it 's still gon na use the same amount of power , but performance goes up . 
  my little brother needs an ssd : /, 
  i installed fh3 on ssd too lol, 
  now if i had the gpu power for ultra ... 
  is that why my upgrade menu freezes sometimes ? 
  omfg , friend had this same issue and i never figured out why . 
  he had an fx-8350 + r9 285 , but still persisted after upgrading to a 6700k . 
  if anyone knows why this happens , please tell me . 
  fractal design tesla 550w if i recall correctly . 
  i doubt it 's the reason , because i have the same one but higher wattage , and my old 290 worked fine apart from overheating because of shitty cooler lol, 
  rx 480 , any of the furies, 
  tl ; dr please ? 
  if they sell the card at higher price than it takes to manufacture and ship all over the world , it 's gon na make money . 
  unless people do n't buy it for some reason , but i doubt they will have any reason to not buy it . 
  the more you have vram , the more the game will use it . 
  if you have lower vram , the game is gon na adapt and use less ... 
  i become calm and friendly when i 'm drunk . 
  basically opposite of finnish . 
  yes ... 
  but those are mainly older games and new light games . 
  gta v uses 3.6-3 .8 gigs for me regardless of settings . 
  all the fucking time . 
  they 're constantly updating mesa and their proprietary driver . 
  they 're more optimized for nvidia , i would n't use them . 
  qemu + kvm has 98 % of native performance . 
  arch, 
  oh but you 're new , so xubuntu . 
  gpu scaling is nice , lets you change resolution faster and without monitors going black for a second . 
  useful on 4k screens . 
  mine ca n't even do 1000hz , only 500hz . 
  repaste, 
  someday i 'll have the courage to wipe my windows ssd ... 
   i got 40-70fps in games like cs : go, 
  because valve optimized it terribly . 
  not native opengl , instead it interprets dx into ogl . 
  nvidia has bad linux support in terms of open source drivers . 
  they do n't care about it , instead they just develop their proprietary driver . 
  source engine still does it this way , unless something changed . 
  implying, 
  i ca n't get the game to download . 
  i 've tried everything , but the fucking game folder stays empty . 
  dx12 title , no crossfire . 
  wait for ms to implement dx12 multi-gpu , or just accept it and play with 1 card . 
  why do people even use snapshit, 
  sandy bridge ? 
  fuck no . 
  still a decent architecture . 
  i only have one device running a microsoft os , so it 's kinda useless to me . 
  not that i know , but i hope they will . 
  thank god we only had symbian phones and dumbphones when i was a kid . 
  chrome/chromium because it 's fast and has good sync . 
  my laptop does n't support vulkan : /, 
  hd 6740g2, 
  only gcn supports vulkan if i recall correctly . 
  nah , phenom iis are awesome . 
  some memory errors is fine . 
  if you start getting thousands , then there 's a problem .
