  it should still play games at 720p medium settings . 
  it should still play games at 720p medium settings . 
  `` hurr durr amd drivers suck '' is so 2010, 
  i wan na buy a second r9 nano myself , but no money atm :(, 
  i should get the ratchet games for ps3 ... 
  i only ever played the ps2 games . 
  nah m8 , 4k is awesome . 
  your 290x should handle it fine , albeit at lower details . 
  4k is 4 times bigger than 1080p ... 
  the difference is huge , i personally ca n't even look at 1080p footage anymore without thinking `` wow , this looks like shit '', 
  only for reference fury x and nano . 
  forum post op 's profile picture . 
  there is no reference model of the standard fury . 
  limit framerate in radeon settings . 
  i overclocked mine to 1050 with the stock cooler , runs quite toasty :d, 
  80c , 100 % fanspeed under max load . 
  if you only play csgo , linux is fine . 
  it 's faster , more secure , more customizable . 
  and free . 
  it sure destroyed mine . 
  1080p looks disgusting to me now . 
  it only works on gcn 1.2 cards ( r9 285 , 380 ( x ) , fury ( x ) ) atm . 
  amd and intel have way better open source drivers though . 
  it 'll work on hd7000 series onwards , but right now only tonga and fiji . 
  my laptop only has 1/3 of the ram my desktop has . 
  and my laptop has 8 gigs kek, 
  i 've had 3 amd hackintoshes . 
  mine has it , but i do n't notice it . 
  i just used niresh 's distro . 
  will work out of the box on almost anything . 
  i tried that . 
  causes horrible tearing . 
  the difference between the 480 and 290 is that the 290 was actually a good and competitive card . 
  imo that xfx cooler is sexier than nvidia reference . 
  msi r9 290 to r9 nano . 
  290 was n't cutting it for 4k . 
  then you get called a pussy because you use it . 
  i have n't seen many hackers lately . 
  maybe i 'm just lucky , idk . 
  well , my last 4 cards have been amd , and i 've had zero major issues . 
  i recommend . 
  it 'd charge my phone only 3 times . 
  maybe i should ascend to freesync . 
  but it 's still a very competitive card , even if it runs hot as fuck . 
  amd has kept it alive with driver updates . 
  consumer laptops generally do not allow the user to control fan speed , so i think you 're outta luck : /, 
  i always notice it . 
  it 's horrible :(, 
  if i fuck up the flash , can i somehow fix the bricked bios ? 
  my card has a bios switch . 
  gpu . 
  that psu should handle an r9 nano . 
  24 '' for 1080p and 1440p . 
  27 '' for 1440p and 4k . 
  3 years ago i was using a 80 gig ide drive as my main : i, 
  add it to steam as a non-steam app , and name appropriately . 
  mine 's named `` autism simulator 2009 '', 
  enough . 
  i had the same issue with my 8320 and 290 . 
  upgraded to an actual 4k monitor , they play fine . 
  it 's cmt , but a shitty implementation . 
  i use windows defender and mbam . 
  now if it worked on other distros besides ubuntu . 
  only on vessel atm . 
  hope they do that . 
  amd ditched it 2.5 years ago . 
  but it 's unnecessary . 
  pcie bus has enough bandwidth for the cards to communicate , why use an external bridge ? 
  gta v, 
  i just put mine on the desk . 
  no real need for a stand . 
  you also have a potato gpu . 
  nh-d15 ftw, 
  good to see people recommending reliable high-end coolers . 
  aios are overrated . 
  flair maybe ? 
  maybe with heat conductive paint ? 
  if that even exists . 
  twist the cpu gently . 
  r9 nano can run it on mostly very high settings at 4k . 
  i would just punch my mom in the face if she did this . 
  i paid for most of the parts in my brother 's rig . 
  ssds do wonders mate . 
  it will be supported by amdgpu eventually iirc . 
  i do n't understand the appeal in tkl other than being more portable . 
  we finns heat our saunas with gtx 480 's . 
  efficient as fuck , pixar can render movies on them while we enjoy the heat . 
  is there a version that works on mobile ? 
  specifically , reddit sync app . 
  4k masterrace, 
  even though my card ca n't do ultra settings :p, 
  my card has no backplate , but does n't sag . 
  put a second usb cable , wire it up in series , you get 10v :p, 
  they 're focusing on power efficiency really . 
  i want a second r9 nano . 
  from the cooler , i 'd say the nh-d15 is overall best option . 
  if you 're willing to give up some overclockability , go with it . 
  it 's crazy how silent it is . 
  external enclosures that plug in via mpcie or thunderbolt . 
  guy i know on facebook is selling an r9 nano for 350 $ .
