  this sub is the best source of fuel for my hype train . 
  but they still make great cards . 
  i 'm buying the vive successor if/when it comes out . 
  hopefully it 's cheap . 
  all i really want one for is assetto corsa , killing floor incursion , and maybe some random casual shit . 
  do n't wan na pay 980 $ ( price in finland ) for something i wo n't use all that much . 
  because more difficult opponents . 
  variety ? 
  that 's not a good reason imo, 
  better cooling = more heat, 
  i 'm too dumb to drift lol, 
  i think newest os x supports amd polaris . 
  friend bought the g933 . 
  biggest selling point for him was wireless , because he can walk anywhere in his house and listen to music and/or talk to me or other friends . 
  there was an article on phoronix that latest development version of wine can run overwatch . 
  this game has always ran very badly for me : /, 
  me and my friend had to play on lowest settings at 1080p to get decent fps, 
  you can disable that . 
  in ` kfsystemsettings.ini ` , change ` oneframethreadlag ` to false . 
  this will lower your framerate though , but also keep mouse sensitivity constant . 
  sidegrade to m4 ? 
  amd does care about linux . 
  developing a new driver takes time . 
  i ca n't open the damn link at all . 
  i ran bf4 on ultra at 1440p , got like 100 fps . 
  i think the rx 480 should be able to do that too , considering it 's not that much behind my gpu, 
  it will go beyond turbo limits . 
  i think it 's kinda like nvidia gpuboost . 
  well i have the game on an ssd , it has always launched fast for me : i, 
  yeah it works on pc , not on mobile . 
  i 'm not sure exactly , but mine is still very playable with almost everything on ultra . 
  go test it . 
  as a finn , i can say it 's realistic . 
  zen wo n't disappoint . 
  does n't vsr work ? 
  a smartphone technically is a personal computer . 
  it computes , and it 's personal . 
  wonder how well my nh-d15 will do : /, 
  did you just assume my blyat ? 
  same, 
  can it technically allow amd cards to run gpu physx ? 
  gta v , far cry 4 , witcher 3 to some extent . 
  makes me wish i bought z97 ... 
  thank you jim keller . 
  you made amd great again . 
  you can throw money higher if you jump, 
  ` insult players `, 
  how about the ability to choose between the old menu and the voicewheel ? 
  if mr keller has had his hands on it , it will be good . 
  there 's a reason why iphones have the best performing cpus amongst all smartphones . 
  it 's better than rust imo, 
  well , some people might still prefer the old voicewheel , even on pc ( i do n't ), 
  thanks novideo, 
  on mobile usually , using reddit sync . 
  it 's more of a hardcore simulator than a game . 
  it has a career mode but i always thought it was meh . 
  real fun is in online racing . 
  it 's very moddable too , although car mods are sometimes shitty . 
  mine took 1:37 mins : i, 
  i might have wrong settings though , do n't know . 
  depends on settings . 
  doubt you can stream at the same settings as amd showed , whatever they were . 
  gpu encoders have shit quality , so software encoding is a great selling point to streamers . 
  i did , but forgot to edit this . 
  could n't get it to work :(, 
  b o l l o c k s, 
  can confirm radeon relive is awesome . 
  tfw actually unlimited data, 
  * laughs in finnish *, 
  who cares if it 's out of spec if it works ? 
  if you use all the pins ( in spec implementations do n't ) , you can draw 150w safely . 
  if i understood correctly , the issue here is that linux maintainers do n't like the way amd wants the driver to work . 
  even though android phone makers have done it for years ... 
  but fuck amd i guess . 
  amdgpu-pro does n't have one yet , i guess they 're working on getting the core working first . 
  do n't care if names are cringey , i just want good performance for cheap . 
  which battlefield ? 
  i ran bf4 maxed ( no msaa ) with an r9 nano at 1440p , got over 100 fps, 
  mine does n't and i do n't want any . 
  only -2 c in finland , fuck, 
  fuck you < 3, 
  what do you mean ? 
  does n't just a 4k screen work ? 
  if intel fanboys get their head out of their ass , amd is gon na gain a ton of market share . 
  same in finnish , translated for no reason . 
  go hug him , you take no damage . 
  this is a bug btw , and works at least with zerker . 
  maybe with a high binned part and undervolting from factory they could do that , but it 'd be crazy expensive . 
  it seems to use a ton of cpu , and only one core . 
  i 've had one core pegged at 75-95 % for no reason seemingly , and it went away when i force closed gpm . 
  mine 's running stock nougat ( open beta 8 ) , laggy af . 
  was also laggy on oos 3.2.7 . 
  i think that 's just a minecraft issue ? 
  try oracle java though . 
  rip, 
  i do n't know then , but i 'm sure it 's an issue in minecraft . 
  i know nobody would buy that, 
  thank god my mg279q did n't have any, 
  i doubt extra 21hz is noticeable, 
  fire strike ultra,
