  i was able to connect a keyboard , mouse and a flash drive simultaneously with a usb hub to my phone . 
  whoever invented usb otg , thank you :3, 
  damn . 
  my 270x gets to 67 \u00b0 c on full load . 
  fan speed is on default setting , i think they are usually at 40 % when gaming . 
  mine is the 2gb asus model . 
  yes . 
  i own a ducky shine 3 , best 160 $ i 've spent . 
  3 devices ? 
  my hub is powered though . 
  i got an 8800gt for free from a friend , served me well for 2 months until i had enough money to build a real rig . 
  recently gave it to a friend who only had a gt220 . 
  youtube started supporting 48 and 60 fps . 
  overclock your monitor . 
  would it be worth to get a wii u + dvi/hdmi adapter just to play nintendo exclusives ? 
  i changed to chrome because of better browser sync . 
  i was still using the card in june this year :d, 
  i 've had 4 girlfriends , never got laid . 
  where did i go wrong ? 
  lol dude . 
  i live in finland and i have 100mbps , i pay 30 $ / month for it . 
  no data caps or blocked sites besides pirate bay ( which i can easily bypass with privateinternetaccess ) . 
  probably they made it poorly to make consoles look better than they are . 
  i got one from / r/softwareswap before they had to make a separate subreddit . 
  i had been using a pirate version for some time , so i just deleted the pirate activator and typed in the key , worked flawlessly . 
  thankfully we have an air compressor at school . 
  i really should get one for for home too but they are just too damn noisy : / well , 10 $ cans are good enough . 
  as others said , they are fan connectors . 
  i myself connected my case fans to those so i can control my fan speeds easily regardless of os . 
  you could add linux instructions as well , since a lot of people here use it . 
  i have a ducky shine 3 , but it 's out of your budget . 
  i 'd say get a ducky zero . 
  the hell ? 
  somehow the game is in my library . 
  i have n't redeemed any codes or participated in anything lately . _ . 
  oh , so that 's why ... well , thanks for info . 
  maybe they wanted to surprise everyone and make a good pc game for once ? 
  do n't try to overclock it . 
  fx-8320@4,2ghz 1.2 v here , core temp reports 29 \u00b0 c on normal usage . 
  my cooler is a hyper 212 evo and the fan is set to silent preset from uefi . 
  i have no idea about hyper 103 , but i would assume it performs worse than 212 evo because of the smaller fan . 
  what cooler ? 
  stock ? 
  try undervolting . 
  it annoys me that gddr5 is qdr , but still called ddr . 
  someone shoulda changed that . 
  i open shady links in a virtual machine if i have to . 
  automod . 
  i do n't have carpets so i 'm fine . 
  my friend still thinks 30 fps is fine , even though he built a 2000 $ pc recently . 
  his previous pc had a core 2 duo and a hd 5770 . 
  deluge is a good alternative too . 
  seems fine but i 've never heard of that psu brand . 
  i 'd get a corsair or seasonic . 
  my steam library takes about 1tb , so i thought of saving for a 1tb samsung ssd . 
  840 evo 1tb model is 412 $ currently where i live . 
  i have n't noticed any slowness . 
  also i like the ui , it 's simple and does exactly what i need it to do : download a goddamn linux distro . 
  it contains all i need to know : download progress , download speed and eta . 
  you can use whatever you want but deluge is fine for me . 
  i have an fx-8320 and it has been totally fine for me . 
  i just need to get more ram , as it 's the only thing causing slowdowns on my pc . 
  i was using a pentium 4 and a geforce fx 5200 a year ago . 
  i did n't get an evolve key , but that 's because i had xcom in my steam library so i automatically got evolve . 
  you got banned for telling the truth ? 
  but who does n't want to see linus 's manly face in glorious 60fps ? 
  try harder . 
  that thermal paste looks like whip cream . 
  only 60fps ? 
  what about brothers with 120/144hz monitors ? 
  you can clean that with a vacuum , just remember to set it to as low as possible . 
  sex with a pc ? 
  i undervolted my fx-8320 and got to 4.2 ghz . 
  get an fx-9590 to compensate . 
  i remember when i used to play midtown madness 2 on my dad 's win98 pc when i was like 12 . 
  my steam folder is 900gb . 
  i ca n't think of anything but lower power consumption . 
  really the only console game i like is gran turismo . 
  i still did n't buy a ps3 because of it . 
  acer makes ok monitors though . 
  i do n't think i 'll be running low on thermal paste soon , i have a 30 gram tube of mx-4 . 
  i just needed a cheap 1080p monitor to replace my 1280x1024 hyundai . 
  it has worked great . 
  mine is n't ips , but still pretty good . 
  yes . 
  i myself have an economy model . 
  you forgot to tell that it converts on real-time . 
  the consoles do have crappy network cards . 
  4-5gb download takes only 5 minutes on my desktop , but 1 hour on my peasantbox 360 . 
  it should n't be my wifi , i tested it on my phone and i get half of the download speed i get via ethernet . 
  is this some ` murica thing i do n't know anything about ? 
  here in finland isps actually give the speed you pay for ( which for me is 100mbps for 30 $ / month ), 
  maybe uninstall vlc ? 
  hopefully native opengl instead of dx  ogl translation . 
  you can hack it to work . 
  tried it with a gt130 and it did work but my cpu is slightly faster in physx processing so not worth it . 
  did you overclock ? 
  please tell me you did . 
  kde because of all the customizability . 
  arch with full kde and all the fancy effects .
