  because my motherboard happens to have rgb , like all of them do these days . 
  i just turned it off tho . 
  yeah i would n't do that . 
  i 've considered buying a replacement sidepanel for my case with a window , but they 're not available anymore . 
  welp , they have a thread about a modded bios that allows p-state oc from the bios ( not going to half-ass it within os ) . 
  maybe i 'll flash that ... 
  on ryzen , normally when you overclock it disables downclocking entirely , and your cpu runs at it 's max speed at all times . 
  p-state oc allows your cpu to downclock again . 
  check bios . 
  if you ca n't do it there , zenstates might work but it 's a half-assed way of doing it . 
  i wan na know this too . 
  i regret buying it . 
  fun game but cost a ton and i do n't even play it that much now : /, 
  i remember that my dad had/has a remote for ps2 . 
  thought it was neat , since it was a really good dvd player at the time . 
  his ps2 even had the ir sensor built-in . 
  nothing nsfmr about wireless mice . 
  \\ - g900 owner, 
  is it even good ? 
  it 's easier to have just one platform . 
  in soviet russia , computer upgrades you, 
  you see ivan , with ryzen you can rush b faster while you stream, 
  ah how i love finland . 
  we have actually unlimited mobile data . 
  they do mention that you might get throttled after high data usage but do n't mention how much , i 've used 300gb and did n't get throttled so must be insanely high . 
  oh and it 's also cheap af, 
  7700k is trash for streaming, 
  geekbench is a trash benchmark, 
  it took me chrome and an unoptimized indie game to run out of my 16gb ram, 
  yup , it has unreal scalability . 
  the 3 people who play forza, 
  nice g900, 
  65 watt ? 
  if you want any kind of watchable stream , the 7700k is trash for streaming , especially with cpu intensive games . 
  so why did n't you buy it on pc ? 
  what next , a chainsaw zombie ? 
  if it has a gpu , it can game . 
  so you just downvote me instead of explaining ? 
  is this good or bad ? 
  to me , the sound when your pulverizer hits a zed skull is the most satisfying thing about this game . 
  am i insane ? 
  why the fuck would you ever run 12k dpi, 
  dpi has absolutely nothing to do with resolution, 
  watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caeb9a-dltk ), 
  on recent versions of android one can just deny access to the camera though . 
  or just deny camera access from the app ... 
  or use the web version ... 
  most sensors run the best at 400 dpi/cpi , which is why you see that number thrown around a lot . 
  well i may have talked out of my ass a little bit . 
  i did find [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/comments/5zfcuk/why_do_pros_play_400_dpi_instead_of_800_dpi/dexn9ph/ ) though, 
  lot of pros play csgo like that . 
  msis vr logo reminds me of finnish railroads logo, 
  3d rendering maybe ? 
  some render engines absolutely love fast gpus . 
  you can thank amd for giving intel a push . 
  well nvidia flex is already permanently exclusive to pc , and only if you have an nvidia graphics card . 
  nvidia has updated their flex to work on amd , but i doubt twi will update to that version ... 
  same, 
  easiest is to get some friends/randoms to help you . 
  yes , and afaik everyone will get the task done in the server ( i assume you 're on ps4 and need it for the hazmat suit ), 
  [ ... ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=afaik ), 
  i just put this reg key as well , gon na try . 
  edit : tried a game , definetely is not working . 
  running well over monitor refresh rate ( 160-200 ) , tearing like normal . 
  r9 nano , if you ca n't see from flair . 
  what was the issue ? 
  i do n't think i ever had it . 
  ahh , i use chrome and it seemed to disable freesync for fullscreen video . 
  sounds gay i 'm in, 
  i added the reg key , definetely is not working in games . 
  tearing like normal even though fps is well over 144 . 
  i 'm just wondering how well a proper , big arm chip would perform ... 
  something like an 8-core , 65-95w desktop chip, 
  what app is this ? 
  i 'd love to own a powerpc machine tbh ... 
  iirc someone in a tech forum installed win2k ( or some other old windows ) on a pc with a 5960x, 
  that 's a fraud, 
  it was a decent am3 + mobo too ... hope it was at least dead before this `` treatment '', 
  it does fit , it 's just sloppy 8 ), 
  it was a feature to encourage everyone to git gud, 
  there are 144hz ultrawides , but they 're all 1080p, 
  well i personally went from a 4k monitor to an mg279q , could n't be happier . 
  time for me to go green then . 
  til winchester makes graphics cards now, 
  i think there are servers that outright ban players who try to play as survivalist rae . 
  perhaps , but i do n't really know where to find one : /, 
  i was so sad that my used x3 could n't be unlocked . 
  aircool it ? 
  i want one just for the ppc cpu : /, 
  lol i did that once too, 
  i do n't know about this specific keyboard , but logitech wireless products have been very good in my experience . 
  i always thought 8.1 was better than 10 . 
  hell yes . 
  faster than 7 , less spying and restrictions than 10 . 
  reinstall windows ? 
  no it 's rgb, 
  i believe there 's a cooler master aircooler that only has amd retention on the cooler , and comes with an amd adapter for intel . 
  maybe that 'd work ? 
  vid is not actual vcore . 
  i 've been playing swat a lot lately , i just go with the right side lv5 skill if i do n't have armor .
