  the option in nv control panel is adaptive vsync , not adaptive sync . 
  science machine roke, 
  razer has manufactured a headset for it , i think it has the same specs as the vive , but does n't come with controllers . 
  i 've been wanting one for ac and pcars . 
  i too want gpu tits, 
  i ran hd 5570 and r9 290 simultaneously , worked fine on crimson . 
  if you wonder why , it was for dual monitors . 
  i use boomstick + med shotty + aa12 , it 's a good combo . 
  i do n't think there 's any way to do that without fucking every other custom map . 
  man i 've used a 144hz monitor for months and 60fps in unplayable to me now, 
  1.55 ghz on full load ? 
  you got ta twist it first to break the bond . 
  i got downvoted for saying this a while back . 
  from one of the . inis ? 
  integrated graphics ? 
  who has those anymore . 
  i meant the headset displays specs mainly , which is 2160x1200 @ 90hz on both headsets . 
  it 's still the cheapest option , which is why i 've been wanting one for ages . 
  not optimal in fps games though , as it introduces input lag . 
  even with a shitty msi cooler i got my 290 to 1100/1400mhz ... 
  it 's real good motion blur though , even when a ue4 game is capped at 62fps it feels really smooth for me , used to 144fps, 
  i always did when i had a 4k monitor , i just used 125-150 % scaling . 
  politically correct masterrace, 
  it annoys the fuck out of me when people call it 2k . 
  people actually use ddg ? 
  advancedsystem `` care '', 
  tldr : i want to pay for each website individually and have my info sold to russians, 
  have fun paying for each site individually and having your data sold to russians, 
  no there is n't . 
  the thing on the mousepad ? 
  no , that 's a thing for removing loose hair etc , i used one to clean my hoodie from cat hair . 
  still faster than u28d590d, 
  no , 4 with half the cores disabled from each . 
  i 'm guessing it 's an app for asrock mobos that forces the usb slot to push more amperage ? 
  tf2 install folder , but i ca n't remember where there exactly . 
  but he already has gsync, 
  how does tr have 64 pcie lanes then ? 
  thought it only has 64 as well, 
  if you could mine on them they 'd be out of stock too, 
  it should , i reused an install that was on haswell . 
  total lag is almost 40ms according to tftcentral, 
  my keyboard has this in hardware, 
  you can ditch the medic shotgun and grab a katana if you do that often . 
  medic ar and pistol are enough to heal , you have 7 slots to fill with anything . 
  sometimes i grab an m79 , sometimes m14 , usually boomstick and katana though . 
  make an obese version that can also puke and call it gorefat, 
  it does block a part of his head , i usually have troubles hitting fp head when it 's charging . 
  p90 is better at trash clearing imo, 
  is it really that hard to aim on a controller ? 
  i did it alone on pc . 
  when you set the ini files as read-only . 
  you can just put a pea/ricegrain on a gpu and let the mounting pressure do the job for you . 
  so close , and so dead . 
  not sure if it works on ps4 , but on pc you can spam reload and parry keys to spam-parry . 
  modern cards do n't support dos atiflash , you need a windows version . 
  yeah even an rx 460 can run gta v at 1440p if you have a good cpu, 
  it 's very difficult to delid an amd cpu because they 're soldered , plus there 's no benefit . 
  seems overpriced , i got an asus mg279q for 50 $ less . 
  mayonez thermal paste , only for true slav , blin . 
  not a chip for a gamer , but an enthusiast and/or content creator . 
  if one uses a 3d renderer that can only use cpu , for example , higher corecount cpu will drastically improve render times . 
  one such renderer is cinema4d , they have a benchmark called cinebench . 
  sounds like something 's wrong with your steam install . 
  tfw no gigabutt, 
  mine sets it to high, 
  just a fan should be enough to cool the vrms , amd gpu vrms are always overkill so they probably wo n't overheat . 
  it has no certification , it 's more like a titan for the people who ca n't wait for x80ti to launch . 
  mounting pressure will spread it as long as you put enough . 
  like the page , download what you need , unlike , ggwp, 
  tbh , nobody will ever be able to tell the difference between this and a 1060 + gsync monitor . 
  you 're saying i3 is n't a perfect gui ? 
  amd ftw, 
  no it 's not . 
  especially when mobile data is so cheap . 
  no , gsync has ranges too , but it 's strictly controlled by nvidia . 
  it has to be 30-maxhz ( 30-144 on 144hz monitor , etc ) to be gsync compatible . 
  i had a laptop with an e-450 and it was a piece of shit . 
  not only was it slow , but also hot and really loud . 
  an rx 480 + decent freesync monitor will probably be better . 
  most 144hz monitors have freesync anyway . 
  what you could do for steam downloads is set up a steam cache server , and download most games on that . 
  ( i 'm not 100 % sure if it works like that though ), 
  in games they 're on par , really , and freesync is a much smoother experience than no-sync . 
  there 's [ one ] ( https://www.jimms.fi/en/product/list/000-1k2/komponentit--emolevyt--amd-am4--a320 ) available in finland, 
  5 seconds is too long . 
  my pc uses fuck-all on idle , and i do n't even pay for my power , so whatever . 
  gunslinger is the most satisfying . 
  my main is medic tho . 
  i once saw a lv 14 or something swat , he took the medics gun when he died , did n't give it back next wave and just said `` fuck you lol '', 
  guess who ragequit, 
  oh god , medic poison is the worst . 
  i know 2 players with over 900h who use it ... 
  what if i play rae and have an unboxed cosmetic for her ? 
  that 's just for ultra , not the minimum requirement . 
  for high settings yes . 
  nope . 
  msi made some models with a camo look . 
  oh god . 
  stop playing that trash . 
  2500h in tf2 , but i mostly played it on windows : /,
