  i had mine undervolted and +30 % power limit , stayed at 1ghz fine lol, 
  my friend has that same mouse , complains all the time that it gets interference from his wireless headset : /, 
  so stretch them so they do n't rust . 
  i got a fx 5200 ... overheating piece of shit . 
  ryzen is near :3, 
  minecraft would run better if you ran it on linux :p, 
  i have the g900 , it 's been great . 
  overpaid tho , it was 200 $ ... 
  linux can run on any architecture though . 
  not really , gpu performance increases a lot with dx12 in this game . 
  this is what you get when there 's no competition . 
  1700 here . 
  the leaked sheet says 1800x will have boost clock of 4ghz, 
  i 've never tried girlscout cookies : /, 
  does n't every company have anime mascots in japan ? 
  some cpus use solder instead of an ordinary thermal paste . 
  \\  flash, 
  dark rock pro 3 and nh-d15 are on par with cooling afaik, 
  i think i had that issue with borderless window mode . 
  try exclusive fullscreen . 
  well-made motion blur is awesome though . 
  forza has great motion blur , i keep it on even though i 'm getting 80-100 fps . 
  i wish i could build a city without ending up with massive traffic issues or accidentally drowning half of the city . 
  what 's sad about this is that the feature has been in other operating systems for years ... 
  aesthetics do n't matter to me . 
  why 2 mice, 
  for me the g900 is just perfect for games . 
  the controller should just work when you plug it in . 
  eh , i find the g900 to be fine for gaming . 
  i use mine wireless and it 's great . 
  well tbh i did n't even know about the cooler when i bought mine . 
  i also just checked the price , that phanteks is 65 $ when my nh-d15 was 90 $ ... fuck . 
  yeah , most controllers should just work , especially older ones . 
  in fact , my knockoff xbox 360 wireless adapter works fine on linux , but needs a manual driver install on windows ... 
  i use btrfs without raid at home , worked fine :p, 
  also , i believe there were news that they 're remaking their raid 5/6 support . 
  i had an arch install get corrupted with an update when i had an xfs root partition . 
  never got it fixed , rip my minecraft worlds, 
  lot of gpgpu computing is done on linux , they have to care about it . 
  gaming performance is worse , but their open source drivers are very stable and support features that nvidia does n't . 
  ( kms for example ), 
  they 're also completely reworking their drivers , so that 'll be fun . 
  not sure about professional market though , like gpgpu computing and cad . 
  for some reason , discord on linux detects my scroll lock as f15 . 
  oh well , at least it works . 
  ( i use scroll lock as mute toggle ), 
  no amazon in my country , bought it from a local pc store . 
  one year has passed , doubt they take it back . 
  steam has performance warnings now ? 
  i 've lost plenty of friends for various reasons , but i can play all of my childhood games still . 
  i just had bsods when i tried using an nvidia card as a physx card . 
  also black screens when i nuked nvidia drivers with ddu . 
  it can also mean a third thing , on linux . 
  kernel modesetting . 
  it 's a piece of shit that never works right , and also has ads . 
  well dx9 is kinda on linux . 
  works natively if you have an amd card . 
  but i am ? 
  install gentoo, 
  it 's a joke , minecraft server runs entirely on the cpu , you would n't even need integrated graphics for it lol, 
  what the fuck , i ran mc server on my laptop and it did n't even use 4 gigs with 3 players . 
  i 'm guessing you used windows ? 
  i ran it on arch linux myself , with openjdk 8 . 
  friend told me it has like 1ms higher latency over g502 . 
  i have one , and it 's completely unnoticeable , i 've gamed with mine for 4 months and the freedom of wireless is much better than slightly lower latency . 
  and if it bothers you , use it in wired mode . 
  i paid 200 $ for mine : /, 
  worth it tho . 
  my brother has one , tried it yesterday and did n't like it . 
  i really like my g900 lol, 
  \\  do n't upvote, 
  \\  190 points, 
  reverse psychology at it 's finest . 
  what about intel network chips ? 
  or are they taboo here lol, 
  unity games run better with pro driver in my experience . 
  i did have an odd issue on 16.50 though , unity games would lock up my system lol, 
  proper ports are so rare ... basically dota 2 is the best port on linux , and it 's a cancer game so eh . 
  i dunno , it 's just what i 've always had and never had major issues . 
  last nvidia card was 8800gt , got it as a freebie 3-4 years ago , i was poor so used that lol, 
  edit : damn , i 'm glad i went for r9 270x back in 2013 or whenever i built my pc ... 
  yeah . 
  i believe it completely shuts off the wireless module if you have the usb cable connected to the mouse . 
  i did n't have much friends when i was a kid . 
  games basically were my childhood ... 
  man , i need a new sarcasm detector . 
  holy fuck have they finally fixed my freesync issues, 
  `` overclockers dream '', 
  i could n't fix it : /, 
  did n't have any too important data so just wiped it and went with btrfs, 
  i will most likely get the 1700 . 
  i have a cooler already for it , and i know how to oc manually . 
  r g b c o o l e r s, 
  intel btfo, 
  buildzoid made a video about this . 
  it needs ln2 voltage to kill a cpu . 
  1.95 v thru a sempron 145 iirc, 
  do you think xfr will work on top of manual oc ? 
  i think i could get r5 1600x then . 
  arch linux or ubuntu based with padoka ppa,
