  now the bot developer needs a vega gpu for even better tl ; drs. 
  bitdefender claims theirs did . 
  but it 's still a noctua . 
  i 'd solder the cable back on . 
  both my home internet and phone use unlimited lte , but my phone 's carrier has better signal in my house ... 
  for quick downloads i usually tether . 
  there 's 4 tiers of weapons : primary ( 1 ) , secondary ( 2 ) , melee ( 3 ) , and tools ( 4 ), 
  you can use the number keys to select the first weapon from the tier , and the next one if you press it again . 
  if i 'm using the 3rd weapon from primary tier and i wan na change to my pistol ( 2 ) , scrollwheel is easier usually . 
  what 's wrong with having pineapple on pizza, 
  i like it . 
  i think it 's just `` lolexd i do n't like this so it 's trash '' kinda thing, 
  i 'd love to have the single piston long musket , or a similar rifle ( like hunting rifle mod ) that you can carry with the railgun . 
  the magnum 's damage is nice but it 's ass at long range . 
  have n't had any issues on 0604, 
  well my friend built his at the age of 16 , but it was in 2015, 
  r9 nano . 
  can do 1440p 144hz and 4k to some extent . 
  i 'm selling mine for 250-300 $ when vega drops . 
  my amd laptop runs at 60c full load , and it 's quiet too, 
  that 's really why directx has been king too . 
  that 's funny because you have to use shitty 3rd party software to run certain games on windows, 
  i remember in windows 7 you could bypass the `` update and reboot '' by going to the desktop and pressing alt + f4, 
  i 'm still buying vega, 
  well yeah , he is . 
  balls to the wall watercooling and a blower 970 . 
  nice . 
  i have a noctua and that 's bullshit . 
  i could n't hear if they stopped spinning . 
  it 's a good budget cooler, 
  it makes no difference to me : i, 
  that 's funny because windows 10 freezes if you tether internet from android via usb . 
  had to do that when i was installing gentoo with a friend 's help, 
  it 'd crash due to lack of resources, 
  you need to find friends to play with . 
  so i 'm throwing my snowball in the trash and getting a modmic, 
  tf2 , at 2500 hours . 
  my most played active game is kf2 at 750h . 
  you mean like a mute button ? 
  wireless gaming mouse for work . 
  seasonic , super flower , fsp , or any rebrand of them . 
  evga uses sf and fsp afaik . 
  i only have a gpu so i 'd be fine with a mitx system lol, 
  my friend has a naga epic and it constantly has issues that prevent him from playing . 
  yeah . 
  i myself bought a sf leadex ii gold 750w , it 's very nice . 
  so do i, 
  did they add something in 1.19 ? 
  so now it 's only as dangerous as any cryptolocker ? 
  if you 're running an older build of win10 , you 're not safe . 
  which is why i let nobody in my network . 
  tbh an 18 year old could have children, 
  i think 3rd party motherboards bake it in too . 
  i swapped motherboards , gave old one to my brother , installed win10 and it was already activated . 
  this was a legit copy from ms site and i created a local account for him . 
  which is why they 're so bad . 
  tbh i want an older mac with ppc . 
  same : c, 
  how tho, 
  ubuntu works perfectly out of the box in 99 % of computers, 
  have you tried turning it off and on again, 
  you can disable them still , but you should n't . 
  i have mine set to notify , and i install them when convenient . 
  blame nvidia . 
  the drivers that come with ubuntu are shite with maxwell and pascal . 
  blower style has a centrifugial fan instead of axial fan . 
  afaik , cad software can take advantage of lots of threads . 
  upcoming games will be able to use more threads , i5 is just a bad choice ... 
  at least until coffee lake comes . 
  i have a g900 , it 's awesome . 
  logitech knows their shit when it comes to wireless . 
  can confirm . 
  just started using magisk and my device passes safetynet and shows as certified in play store ( after a data wipe ), 
  as someone with a freesync monitor , it 's absolutely amazing and worth it . 
  i recommend . 
  i only really want one for fucking around with linux ppc :p, 
  creator 's update fixed the exploit wannacry uses . 
  how is this related to killing floor ? 
  theoretically you could run doom 2016 on an x86_64 android device , with crossover . 
  i had a sony ericsson k550i , loved the thing . 
  what about people with 240hz screens ? 
  i played gta v at 4k on an r9 290 . 
  did get twice the fps of consoles though . 
  why not ? 
  i think he asked about gpu though . 
  but car guys still do it because it 's fun . 
  would a 1060 in a laptop be alright ? 
  i 've been looking at xmg p507 . 
  well my friend did get steam running on crossover for android . 
  i usually do n't preorder but i can make an exception for a developer i trust . 
  even though zombies are overdone , there are some real good zombie games . 
  i used to rom my phones , now i just root . 
  might go lineageos on my main though , oxygenos has a glitch that annoys the fuck out of me . 
  2048x1080 specifically, 
  i used a 4k monitor with an r9 290 for a year, 
  he probably meant that 1080p looks blurry compared to native 4k content, 
  it wo n't affect performance unless the dust causes overheating . 
  tfw only 80w of heating power, 
  raising resolution does reduce aliasing , therefore it 's a form of aa . 
  i got a g2 as well , but it 's really slow , probably because i have facebook app lol,
