  same thing with amd raptr, 
  you should pick another distro . 
  i had a lot of issues on fedora, 
  dlc is n't always even dlc ( downloadable content ) . 
  most of the time it should be called ulc ( unlockable content ), 
  and this is why i buy asus, 
  i did n't buy it, 
  my steam client started misbehaving yesterday , and using 100 % cpu . 
  i was doing something else and i only noticed it from abnormally high fan noise :d, 
  i was streaming 1080p video while steam was hogging all cpu and never noticed . 
  it has happened only once for me so i 'm not too worried about it . 
  tried watching it . 
  buffers for about 30 seconds ( usually my videos buffer for 30 ms ) , then plays but with insane stutter . 
  peasants, 
  it 's lagging because of 1.5 million users using autoclickers simultaneously . 
  i 'm personally using xautoclick set to 500hz, 
  i have gotten money from hackers , but never had to go to bed : i, 
  i did n't get any of them because i 'm broke at the moment . 
  tfw no knives to sell, 
  [ nordic keyboard ] ( http://frontype.com/keyboarding/540px-computer-keyboard-sweden.svg ) is weird . 
  all i got was 16 $ :(, 
  except in the few games that use all available threads . 
  max i got was 940, 
  no its not, 
  when i was using my old case , i just left the ssd laying on the bottom of the case :d, 
  i thought i was the only one with a 4k monitor . 
  might be a bug in gpu driver . 
  i 'm personally using a 28 '' samsung , and i do n't really have problems reading stuff from it since i sit quite close to it . 
  only thing i did was increase the font size by 20 % . 
  mouse & keyboard :p, 
  well , sometimes my wireless xbox 360 controller with a chinese knockoff adapter . 
  i just followed the instructions from microsoft 's site . 
  why not ? 
  13.10 was n't bad, 
  shame that it does n't have finland :(, 
  my friend 's laptop was running about as hot . 
  the exhaust air instantly ignited a match, 
  solitaire is probably the most played game ever . 
  i think hackers are making the game interesting tbh, 
  i do n't see many `` i kill everyone i see '' - hackers much now , more of the friendly kind who do crazy shit . 
  well i do n't see as much hackers nowadays , so i do n't care . 
  why are you getting downvoted ? 
  x970 series used to be dual-gpu until 6000 series . 
  what, 
  eh it only takes an hour . 
  2tb drive full , half of which is games . 
  it 's a simple text editor for dumbasses who just wan na edit some . cfgs, 
  yep . 
  that 's what most people want . 
  if it works , it 's fine . 
  all dem packages, 
  i myself am playing ac at 4k . 
  feels glorious . 
  single r9 290 , getting mostly 50-60 fps . 
  everything is maxed out except shadows i think , aa and effects off . 
  iverge is the shittiest page in the internet . 
  such hate, 
  wow, 
  linux fedora 33 , codenamed half-life, 
  when was the last time nvidia was giving out free graphics cards ? 
  power goes out very rarely where i live , so not really an essential accessory for me . 
  and i thought my friend 's 6k hours in tf2 was impressive . 
  my friend was in one of the top10 lobbies , it was at about 2.8 million lvl when i last checked . 
  and my friends ask me why i hate nvidia . 
  i 'd rather tolerate amd 's shit linux drivers than support nvidia . 
  my best is a bit over lvl 6000 : /, 
  i have about 3 times more tabs open right now . 
  mostly youtube videos i plan to watch later, 
  so basically creative mode in current minecraft . 
  i got mine to 1.7 ghz, 
  i do n't understand a thing about american politics . 
  or even europe 's . 
  and i honestly do n't care ( but probably should ), 
  source 2 : episode 1, 
  i got mine in 3 days, 
  i did but it 's so full of vids and i 'm too lazy to empty it . 
  why ca n't the newest additions to that list come at the top ? 
  he 's played it for 7 years . 
  my other friend 's 4k hours in 2 years is mote impressive tbh, 
   the wires should slide in , and the connector will accept the wire without a problem . 
  / r/rule34, 
  nobody 's forcing you to use steam , grandpa . 
  it 's not like steam is even bad ... 
  if it was a bad service i 'd be pissed . 
  if the service works , i 'm fine with it . 
  it supports skins . 
  majority of people like to use mouse controls . 
  very light drm . 
  it does not require and internet connection , except for the download and multiplayer ( unless you play on lan ) . 
  if the company ever goes under ( which i doubt ) , they will provide a way for you to still keep your games and burn their installers on dvd 's . 
  [ 36 $ per month ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/4446215664.png ), 
  i live in finland as well , this is what i get with 36 $ per month http://www.speedtest.net/result/4446215664.png, 
  i do n't understand why american cable companies have data caps . 
  because money ? 
  maybe narwhals have naturally bad grammar ? 
  i paid 20 $ for my mouse and 160 $ for my keyboard . 
  yeah ... 
  tfw did n't have any money for summer sale . 
  on the bright side , i already have a ton of great games . 
  depends on what you do .
