  apart from booting method , everything else should be the same between legacy and uefi ... 
  do n't see any reason why non-uefi would be unsupported . 
  i never got it to work on real hardware :(, 
  reactos is mostly based on wine iirc . 
  they just made a new kernel to run it without linux . 
  well , linux is getting there . 
  albeit slowly , but still . 
  they 've kept all nasty shit off my pc . 
  i also have a flash blocker with a whitelist . 
  all drm can and will be cracked . 
  if it 's made by a human , it can be broken by a human . 
  oculus is cheaper . 
  more ubuntu users than os x users . 
  proud of you , pcmr . 
  that is a better idea . 
  just said what reactos is . 
  plasma 5 is cool imo , just buggy on arch linux : /, 
  that happens on 8.1 as well , according to my friend . 
  edit : meant the 100 % disk usage , it causes lag in games, 
  meant the 100 % disk usage , causes massive lag in games . 
  uhh ... 1-2 months ago ? 
  got tired of it , went back to gnome 3 . 
  ubuntu gets a lot of hate , but honestly it 's the best noob-distro . 
  if you have changed to a more advanced distro after learning cli and whatnot , it does n't give one a right to disrespect ubuntu users . 
  more secure, 
  better performance ( unless you use amd cards like me ), 
  more freedom ( can change any system component as you wish ), 
  and some other stuff idk . 
  just try it and see if you like it . 
  protip : it 's not windows , do n't expect it to work like windows . 
  that 's the biggest reason why most people give up . 
  but unlike windows 10 , you can turn that shit off . 
  quite a lot of games do work in wine . 
  if it uses dx9 or opengl , there 's a good chance it works . 
  you can check [ here ] ( https://appdb.winehq.org/ ) if your desired game/app works . 
  is n't that only if you use hdmi ? 
  steam segfaults randomly , unusable . 
  amd is a terrible experience still . 
  my card supports 3 different drivers : amdgpu , amdgpu-pro , and fglrx, 
  amdgpu : shit works , but tf2 makes whole os freeze, 
  amdgpu-pro : shit works , tf2 does n't freeze os , gpu overheats during idle if i lock pc , steam crashes randomly and needs an env variable to work, 
  fglrx : bugged piece of shit, 
  i ca n't play my most played game with default open source drivers . 
  less than 5 % of the market , yet 25 % of steam games work natively . 
  cost : /, 
  40 \u00b0 c idle on an nh-d15 here . 
  under load : 60 \u00b0 c , 65 \u00b0 c if gpu is under load too . 
  if i 'm getting anything , it 's the top end polaris 10 card from sapphire . 
  it 's windows being it 's shitty self . 
  amd has a better cooler mount imo . 
  25 $ / month for 150mb/s, 
  it 's mobile broadband though ... signal and ping suck . 
  $ 2500 pc but ca n't spend money on good storage . 
  basically me . 
  cheating is so rampant , that it unfortunately needs such drastic methods : /, 
  um mine runs at 40 \u00b0 c while watching youtube . 
  is that good ? 
  vodka and mayonez ? 
  boris approves . 
  you ca n't even use an 8350 on that motherboard . 
  have fun with vrm temps and throttling . 
  i seriously recommend you upgrade that mobo before getting a better cooler . 
  my brother has a similar crappy mobo and his fx-6300 throttles under load . 
  2-core chip with smt and unlocked multiplier would be awesome . 
  essentially an i3k . 
  everyone i know calls them `` lead '', 
  i went from an 8320 to my current xeon , ca n't see or feel any framerate improvement in games . 
  only got 20 extra points in cinebench 15, 
  which 24 '' dell monitor ? 
  i have a p2416d , it 's great . 
  active dp adapter ? 
  4 threads should be enough for most games ... 
  mine too : /, 
  waiting for 4k 120hz freesync monitors . 
  need for speed games start in 640x480 for me . 
  i do n't really care for ultrawides or curved . 
  ips and oled are nice but not a necessity for me . 
  or you could use one unit for everything ... way simpler . 
  as a finn , 10c is t-shirt and shorts weather for me . 
  how the fuck does it make sense, 
  his mom does it for him . 
  because you did n't realize it 's not 80 \u00b0 c , but 80 degrees of an outdated , retarded unit that americans still use because they 're too lazy to change . 
  got ta start saving then :p, 
  yes , and newer ones too . 
  i just lock mine with win + l and go to bed . 
  i pay 600 $ / month and it includes all food . _ . 
  loading times ? 
  i own an amd card , i already cry and support open source software . 
  irc ca n't do voice communication i think . 
  if it 's a usb headset , the possible buttons will show up as a keyboard . 
  opencl computation ? 
  now if they make crossfire work well on windows and linux , i could get 2 . 
  amdgpu is promising , but i still have some issues . 
  desktop works fine with both amdgpu and the pro version , but ... 
  * on amdgpu , tf2 hard locks my pc after 10 minutes of playing, 
  * on amdgpu-pro , steam segfaults randomly . 
  sometimes gpu idles at 50c when i unlock my pc, 
  patience , my friend . 
  fglrx is dead , amdgpu ca n't be any worse . 
  he 's always been nvidia-biased imo .
