  g602 is the best printer i 've ever owned . 
  saw an article that says it will be pga . 
  you ca n't use just dp ? 
  i use that , works flawless . 
  i was told it just emulates kms . 
  you can very easily try it by switching to a tty with ctrl + alt + f3 ( f3 because gnome reserves 1 and 2 ) . 
  if it 's instant , it 's real kms . 
  only 4.4 ghz ? 
  true . 
  gcn 1.1 and later does n't need those ugly bridges . 
  amd gpu drivers on linux have improved a lot . 
  maybe an r9 380 ? 
  sildur 's shaders look really nice , and come in a lot of different versions for different gpus . 
  one streamer i follow said it 's easier on pc because of 60fps . 
  i did , and i regret it . 
  my fx-8320 was such a good overclocker , but i just had to swap it for a xeon e3 for marginal framerate increases . 
  my mom has one of those compute sticks with a dualcore atom and 2gb ram ... 
  fglrx is discontinued ... 
  amdgpu will be the driver of all gcn cards , and that already supports kms and newest xorg just fine . 
  i have n't had issues with dp , but i also have a different monitor , idk . 
  p2416d btw . 
  i have no idea . 
  friend had this game , we played it a lot . 
  good times . 
  i personally prefer higher resolution over higher graphics settings . 
  all dem details go to waste at 1080p . 
  my r9 nano does too , and it has a dinky cooler . 
  why 'd you use anything else than qt creator ? 
  only good game i got was halo 3 . 
  or 4 , forgot . 
  it was on xbox 360 tho . 
  more like 3-5, 
  who cares about power consumption on a desktop pc ? 
  why is your phone encrypted ? 
  i never encrypted mine . 
  and atm i ca n't , because i reformatted my phone 's / data to f2fs . 
  ( cyanogenmod does n't support it iirc ), 
  i never encrypt any of my devices really . 
  not even my laptop , even though i should : i, 
  i guess i 'll reformat back to ext4 and encrypt it next time i wipe my device . 
  or tf2 in my case . 
  you mean people with overly expensive power costs ? 
  power in my country is so cheap i could be running an fx-9590 and 4x gtx 480 . 
  my rig does 13k on air ... 
  overall score is affected by the cpu a lot . 
  if you can get one for cheap , i say it 's worth it even for a fullsize atx rig . 
  i got mine for 570 $ , when normal furys were 650 $ . 
  i 'd say $ 500 is a good price for one . 
  you can also raise power limit , and it 'll be as fast as a fury x. 
  but loud . 
  but it 's still the best browser overall . 
  270 is n't really that old . 
  based on hd 7870 , released in 2012 . 
  page is n't loading for me . 
  rip, 
   fglrx, 
  found your issue . 
  use mobile data ? 
  finnish cruise ships block vpn traffic , which sucks because using online bank on an open wifi is n't exactly safe . 
  4.6 does n't support usb audio for some reason . 
  the kernel module crashes : i, 
  4.5 was really stable for me . 
  mine does n't even support the power efficiency toggle . 
  in shooters , 100 + fps is a must for me , but in driving games i 'm fine with 30 fps . 
  helped my friend get a ton of rp and money in gta online . 
  quite easily getting 70k cash in about 30 mins . 
  dp daisychain can only handle 3 displays iirc . 
  still does n't : /, 
  tried pinging the address , not responding . 
  edit : i can load it via vpn , but not without , wtf, 
   iridium, 
  if you 're only planning to play csgo , linux will do fine . 
  or if it 's amd r9 fury :, 
  4gb vram ( 6 usable ), 
  i just want a job . 
  i applied to a staffing agency a year ago , still nothing ... 
  eh , i do n't use it . 
  tried it but did n't care that much . 
  bought dt770 pro 80ohm yesterday . 
  very happy with them so far . 
  software raid , like zfs/btrfs is better than hardware nowadays , i heard . 
  my laptop has 120gb . 
  i myself use windows for gaming , but i use linux whenever i can . 
  amdgpu does n't support gcn 1.1 chips by default , one has to recompile kernel , and even then it 's experimental support . 
  but what is it ? 
  i 'll check it out later . 
  next time get an nh-d15 . 
  can confirm . 
  why do n't they ? 
  because circlejerk . 
  titan x is better , but it has a lot higher price and not really worth it ... 
  clickety-clack , motherfucker . 
  i 'm fine with gnome and nano personally . 
  gnome is heavy , but my system can handle it . 
  xfx r9 280 ( x ) ? 
  980ti and fury x are equally fast with current drivers ... 
  neither beats eachother . 
  tried to open on my g2 , picture not available . 
  [ an actual benchmark from a current aaa title ] ( http://www.techspot.com/review/1148-tom-clancys-the-division-benchmarks/page2.html ), 
  i hate 10 .
