  ( single r9 290 can play 4k , but at reduced graphics settings ), 
  $ 0 in my steam wallet , but that 's because i use my credit card :p, 
  cyanogenmod has it built-in . 
  directx 9 works on linux natively . 
  it gives me double framerate over wine 's emulated dx9 . 
  that 's not a good implementation to you ? 
  well , wine is getting dx11 support . 
  quite slowly though , does n't run anything yet . 
  nice . 
  i gave my 270x to my brother when i upgraded to a 290 . 
  i regret my choice though ... 
  wish i got the gtx 970 : /, 
  i have unlimited , never been throttled : i, 
  i love my unlimited  ) ) ) ) ) ) ), 
  gt3 looks fucking amazing at 1080p, 
  linux user , or is that some weird windows theme ? 
  shame r&c does n't work well in pcsx2 ... 
  i had a cheapo ikea chair , my ass hated it . 
  but i 'm not saying all ikea chairs would be bad , in fact i have an ikea markus , and it 's amazing . 
  hot and loud . 
  soon . 
  works for me : /, 
  well ... lucky me for not being born in the us ? 
  i 'm fine with games being closed-source , if the developer actually cares about fixing issues . 
  ... yet, 
  well you can port it yourself . 
  is that enough for chrome ? 
  amd drivers on linux ? 
  how well does the hyper 212 perform with that noctua ? 
  stupid americans and their measurements ... 
  try using open source drivers ? 
  open source drivers have very good gaming performance nowadays . 
  are you sure you need fglrx ? 
  wish my motherboard supported nvme . 
  i got my 290 to 1100/1400 , 
  i do . 
  what about `` openfx '' ? 
  linux-ck masterrace, 
  what, 
  yeah but i was thinking of one for my brother , who has an fx-6300 :p, 
  i myself have a noctua nh-d15 . 
  does n't do much on my current cpu ( xeon e3 1231v3 ) , just had it left over from my fx-8320 :d, 
  estonian ? 
  i know how it sounds like because i 'm finnish :d, 
  i do , but i use my glorious 8-thread xeon for that . 
  i do n't think gcc supports opencl yet . 
  so , you 're compensating for something that 's big ? 
  so he can use it as a normal desktop as well ? 
   linux is great , but it 's not magic . 
  it 's not ? 
  i never finished it . 
  it happens because windows is a piece of shit . 
  overclocked ? 
  watched a streamer play some hl2 mod with an oculus , the framerate went down to 30 at some points and he said it 's unbearable . 
  even worse are the loading screens . 
  should i buy one to replace my steelseries ? 
  mine opens just fine on either . 
  using reddit sync . 
  i had 24gb with a 290 and an 8320 . 
  then i upgraded to intel . 
  fx-series works fine for gaming doe . 
  used one for 1.5 years , and i can say it was n't as bad as people make you believe . 
  most games run just fine , but you 'll have problems with poorly threaded games like arma 3 , minecraft and gmod . 
  i wish my parents bought me pc parts . 
  need an r9 fury : c, 
  probably 99 % of them . 
  eyy i bought the same cpu couple of days ago . 
  my cooler is fucking overkill though , i have an nh-d15 . 
  if you are n't afraid of the command prompt , and can follow instructions , yes . 
  try it . 
  secondary pc or server ? 
  no , that 'd be i7-4790, 
  you can run stuff on it . 
  you just need to use linux or other unix . 
  xeons are really meant for servers/workstations , but some models are quite cheap and perform very well in gaming . 
  i have an nh-d15 on mine , temps never go above 50 \u00b0 c. 
  idle temps are about the same as yours . 
  and before you ask , it was a leftover from my fx-8320 , which i had clocked at 4.7 ghz . 
  moar framerates for my e-peen, 
  gr8 emul8 m8 i r8 8/8, 
  first time was a pain , but now it 's not that bad . 
  i can do it in like 2 minutes . 
  i have an fx-8320 that handles 9590 clocks at only 1.368 v, 
  0 \u00b0 c in finland , and i keep my window open . 
  i 'm going to take a risk , and buy an r9 fury . 
  i get like 80 wpm , but i type a lot faster when i can think what to type myself rather than a premade text . 
  my brother has the same setup as you . 
  he only paid for one part of it though . 
   server, 
   with unreliable cooling, 
  best idea . 
  how good is that mouse ? 
  i wan na buy a new mouse . 
  your second rig is pretty hot . 
  amd boards ? 
  msi 290 , seen load temps of 93 \u00b0 c, 
  send help . 
  oh man , my amd card is running hot . 
  * pops open window *, 
  dammit , it froze .
