  i usually twist it and it comes off easy . 
  my 8320 at 4.7 ghz only got up to 60 \u00b0 c with the same cooler . 
  i 'm not one of you yet :(, 
  i still dual-boot : /, 
  got 2 games that do n't run on linux at all , and my psu ca n't handle 2 gpus for vfio, 
  so in 2116 ? 
  sli is a joke on linux , you essentially have an underclocked titan black . 
  if that 's a dedicated gpu , you 'll need amd catalyst unfortunately : /, 
  there are people who use their linux pc with root account because too lazy ... 
  most should have . 
  you most likely did something wrong , because everyone else gets 98 % of native performance ... 
  on g602 ? 
  wtf , i ca n't tell any input lag when i use mine, 
  it 's a really good mouse , i 've used one for half a year now . 
  yeah . 
  i ca n't tell accuracy/latency apart from my wired mouse ... 
  we all make mistakes , 
  still , it 's $ 320 for 1tb of storage ... 
  if you 're looking for a completely solid-state build i guess it 's worth it , but for a game/media drive a normal hdd is much better value imo . 
  but do you have gta v and killing floor 2 ? 
  i do play fps a lot , but my monitor 's latency is higher than my mouse 's , so yeah ... 
  nano is supposed to do that tbh . 
  it 's power-limited from the factory , lower voltage lowers wattage too , allowing it to clock higher . 
  if you got the cash , go for it . 
  mine lasts about 2 months with some old duracell batteries i have . 
  sapphire nitro 4gb is 270 $ in a finnish pc part store :3, 
  i used sapphire trixx , and all tools seem to have read it as 525mhz . 
  still , did n't affect much . 
  i 'll just do stock settings + undervolt . 
  logitech has mastered wireless . 
  it was cheaper than an i7 , and tbh i regret buying it . 
  i play at 4k , i got zero framerate improvement , just a 400 $ hole in my wallet :(, 
  shit . 
  guess we got ta deal with miners then : /, 
  you have a big card in a small case , i have the opposite . 
  nano looks cute af in an atx case :3, 
  not steamos , but linux . 
  steamos is meant to be a console-like , easy os , not a desktop os . 
  something like ubuntu is meant for desktop use , and will run steam , vulkan , and everything else just fine . 
  wtf , mine does n't do that on linux . 
  not on amdgpu , amdgpu-proz or fglrx . 
  up to 80 \u00b0 c is fine for a fury . 
  no idea . 
  my card 's fan is controlled by the bios and it 's just as loud as on windows . 
  my friend hates amd but loves his snapdragon 801 . 
  hypocrite much ? 
  btw he hates amd because his r9 285 was performing below expectations for some reason ( literally half of the framerate he was supposed to get ), 
  would be nice to own . 
  i 'll be happy with 8gb hbm2 . 
  you actually can run dx games on linux , even natively . 
  but only up to dx9 . 
  nano is on sale here now , only 350 $ , while your card is 520 $ . 
  i really wan na save for a second nano but idk if i have the patience ... 
  fx-8350 , now an i7-6700k . 
  he was still disappointed in it . 
  now he has a gtx 1070 : /, 
  where do you live ? 
  i do n't really wan na import from germany or anything , shipping costs are crazy . 
  i 'll try when i get home ( if i remember lol ), 
  if you wan na game yeah . 
  but dedicated gpus actually need catalyst , because the oss driver just does n't find it . 
  furys are on sale now . 
  they 're angry at nvidia for being greedy fuckbois . 
  yes . 
  undervolt it and it 'll run very well . 
  mine still throttles at +20 % power and an undervolt : /, 
  nano . 
  power limit . 
  deluge is nice . 
  my hotel wifi was bad , but not this bad : /, 
  i was in rhodes , greece . 
  ping to a turkish speedtest server was 160ms, 
  i installed ubuntu on a completely different drive , i should be safe ? 
  i do n't have other boot partitions , and my esp is on my primary drive . 
  if your host is headless , maybe . 
  * maybe *, 
  i do n't know , i 've never tried and idk anyone who has . 
  ayy might get a freesync monitor finally . 
  if only samsung added support for u28d590d :(, 
  even though their open source support is shite , they still have the better performing driver : /, 
  and you think amd 's solution works ? 
  lmao , switching gpus requires a reboot . 
  ( at least on my llano apu + hd 6740g2 laptop ), 
  maybe 2 per customer , some of us wan na crossfire :p, 
  i did that , then was dumb and lost it all . 
  good luck improving battery life on something that operates entirely on ac power :3, 
  i 'm sure one * can * uninstall it , this is just ms being twats . 
  ms is a bunch of twats tho . 
  my ubuntu is fine after the update . 
  it did n't even set windows bootmgr to default , so that 's nice . 
  it did n't replace the bootloader in my case . 
  the old one is still there . 
  tfw paying google 2 $ per month for 100 gigs, 
  feelsgoodman, 
  i ca n't even install it on my phone . 
  with dx12 and vk games coming , i see it being a viable option tbh, 
  uh , i only got 5 gigs ? 
  i did n't get this at school , rip, 
  i do n't , and i already finished studying : /, 
  meh , never needed this anyway .
