  if it 's corsair they will replace any broken part . 
  well i hope their translators are good because good luck using google translator with finnish . 
  you have a miner malware . 
  i had a p2416d and it was alright . 
  good for gaming too . 
  the point of freesync is that you do n't have to hit your max refresh rate . 
  same procedure on the red team , just download amd drivers on last step . 
  fh3 is quite good with a wheel as well . 
  virus scan with a good scanner . 
  try malwarebytes . 
  lul intel does the same damn thing , and so does nvidia . 
  slightly defective chips get cut down and sold as lower tier parts . 
  if they did n't laser the defect parts off like in the phenom days , i think we totally could do that . 
  remember when you could buy a dualcore and unlock it to a quad , or even hexacore if you were lucky ? 
  man i was so sad my x3 710 could n't be unlocked . 
  ( unstable ), 
  again , ryzen benefits more from clockspeed due to a ( poor ) design choice . 
  1tb blue and 1tb black have no difference in performance . 
  workplace and home are different , really . 
  a home user ca n't be bothered to reinstall everything , but at work you can get everything up and running faster , plus there 's higher security . 
  youtube glitch or isp throttling . 
  would that hello thing work on any phone with a fingerprint sensor ? 
  could be a short maybe . 
  it will , as long as you do n't try to run ultra . 
  go for ryzen instead tbh, 
  if the task he 's trying to accomplish can be done on linux , why use windows ? 
  uhh looks like the same price to me, 
  i downloaded chipset drivers straight from amd , no issues . 
  chipset drivers from asus have a bunch of unnecessary crap , get them from amd site . 
  i disabled automatic updates , mainly because it fucks my ping when anything downloads when i game , and also a reboot would n't reboot me back to windows . 
  the 2 ccxs ( core complexes ) communicate through a thing called `` infinity fabric '' . 
  the clockspeed of it is tied to memory clock . 
  higher ram clock = faster communication between ccxs, 
  if the application is using cores that are on different ccxs , like using more than half of the available cores , or due to scheduling retardation , higher clockspeed will increase performance . 
  to be able to use raid 10 or 5 and boot from said raid volume , you need to buy a physical raid key from intel . 
  i ca n't read . 
  even if one asks for something , we have the right to make suggestions , even if op declines . 
  i did that , definetely worth it , especially with vrr . 
  criticize all you want , do n't care, 
  android version does , and on pc only in editor viewport . 
  even if vega is only slightly ahead of 1080 in dx11 games , i 'm probably buying one because i have a freesync monitor . 
  at least if the price is lower or equal . 
  if vega costs significantly more i 'm just getting a 1080 . 
  2 quad ccx with 1 core disabled from each . 
  gunslinger 's reload is n't broken tho , it 's working fine for me . 
  it 's a bot . 
  they should allow you to sell it if certain parameters have been met , like : player has 2 primary guns, 
  on pc , yeah . 
  definetely works fine on gs . 
  do n't know about survivalist though . 
  pc specs ? 
  remember when kf1 trader was unfiltered like that ? 
  weak . 
  i have 250 tabs on one window . 
  i do use the great suspender tho, 
  ftfy, 
  ops pic is from the ps4 version . 
  the forest , it got an update 3 days ago 8 ), 
  u wot, 
  modern amd gpus already have removed it . 
  surprisingly low for that cpu . 
  b350 supports overclocking , but not sli . 
  1070 is already overkill for that monitor . 
  early benches have shown it 's a bit ahead of the 1080 . 
  freesync machine broke, 
  ftfy, 
  i guess i 'm the only rae that plays proper perks . 
  one time i saw a lv 10 swat on hoe . 
  he stole the medics gun when he died , only said `` suck my dick '' when the medic asked it back . 
  surprisingly we still won that match even though the medic ragequit ( and the swat too after that ) . 
  would 've definetely been more interesting than white crawlers . 
  lv25 firebug in kf2 has 100 % resistance to his own fire , 80 % to zed fire damage . 
  works fine for me on mobile . 
  only in the us ? 
  quicc edit : nope , europe too, 
  i had this fast internet in my last house but i had to move and now i only have lte ... 
  feels better and lasts longer, 
  you are so wrong you ca n't believe . 
  amd ryzen is a completely different beast than amd fx , they 're actually competitive with intel for the first time in years . 
  $ 23 extra is n't a big price to pay for something you might need occasionally . 
  there 's an edit function in reddit for posts and comments . 
  you do n't need to drive to the store so often , so you save on gas costs . 
  i myself hate the opposite . 
  i 'm right here , why the fuck are you healing yourself instead of killing all that trash in front of you ? 
  nobody ever realizes these mechanics that are there to encourage coop . 
  in dying light , on hard difficulty , if you use a medkit on yourself it heals you slowly , and only about 75hp . 
  if you heal another player , it 's always to the max , and instantly . 
  i believe browsers have an option for this . 
  what temps does the nano get under water ? 
  to me , functionality is more important than looks . 
  which is why i still use a non-windowed case ... 
  but you still do n't have the same feel as on a mech . 
  my idle is the same , but 81c under load with the stock cooler : /, 
  maybe i should just put an exhaust fan on my sidepanel again ... 
  `` coop '' as well , i 'm always looking for coop games to play with my friend . 
  you really do n't need anything faster . 
  i 've seen nanos go for 300 $, 
  a 580 can do 1440p or 4k even , as long as you use sensible settings . 
  in skyrim special edition there 's a fix that allows you to play at over 60fps . 
  i did the fix myself and 144fps worked fine .
