  i 'm using reddit sync , which opens it in chrome . 
  panning the image is just horrible because they put in some stupid fucking input smoothing . 
  by not being a pleb, 
  this is a common issue in this map . 
  probably a glitch in your game , i can see like 20 . 
  the best is when you kill cysts with demo 's nuke . 
  they scream in a really high pitch and also start flying . 
  video not available, 
  snipin 's a good job mate, 
  it should be possible . 
  amd fx tjmax was 90c , throttled at 85c . 
  bulldozer started becoming unstable over 62c , piledriver over 73c . 
  finland, 
  liquid cooling *, 
  there 's no water in aios , afaik . 
  i believe they use ethylene glycol . 
  `` specific to linux users , infrequent system hangs have been observed with 2015 formula one '', 
  linux support on launch confirmed ? 
  personally , i really do n't care . 
  my psu is powerful enough , and my country is cold , so it 'll be great in winter . 
  my brother 's 6300 throttled at 85c . 
  who would want a sex robot that looks like an old fart, 
  fun thing , all of my peripherals work perfect out of the box on linux , but i 've had some that need a driver install on windows . 
  one such device is a knockoff xbox 360 dongle from china . 
  maybe a linux advocate but still using mainly windows ? 
  wtf is fdm, 
  so it only spreads through an office document ? 
  i 'm safe then i guess . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ libreoffice ^ ^ ^ ^ ftw, 
  there is a wireless version . 
  please do n't buy it though , razer ca n't make wireless mice . 
  the only b-word you should call women is beautiful , cause bitches love when you call them beautiful, 
  booting takes too long . 
  too long . 
  under a minute is still too long . 
  i misread your username as `` ichbinsoviet '', 
  i 'm actually using that kernel . 
  mainly for dp audio lol, 
  because it 's platform locked . 
  your mouse issue is probably just your vm dude , i have 2 logitech mice ( g602 , g900 ) , both work perfectly . 
  also , [ this ] ( http://libratbag.github.io/libratbag/ ) might interest you . 
  disable sli . 
  i do n't know what kind of a monitor you have , but i 'm running the game at 1440p 144hz with a single amd r9 fury . 
  too much ads make the websites unusable . 
  ca n't it be disabled per-game ? 
  or you could sell your cards and get a 1080ti . 
  one strong card is always better than 2 weaker cards . 
  there 's also a gui for ratbag , called piper . 
  luxrender plugin has a similar thing , but it seems to have issues with emission shaders ( lights ) . 
  tried rendering ye olde bmw scene and it 's dark as shit . 
  does n't seem to work for me . 
  [ i rendered ] ( https://drive.google.com/file/d/0byhwr7ufz3omafzrnwdhdvhcqle/view?usp=sharing ) ye ole bmw scene with it . 
  importing the car paint material into rpr did n't work so had to use one from rpr library . 
  waiting for rx vega . 
  nvidia hardware is overpriced in my opinion , and they do n't support freesync . 
  not ryzen , not good . 
  i 'm getting one too if rx vega ends up being crap . 
   camping, 
  i believe it 's called `` strategical player placement '', 
  i do it too and never had issues, 
  update your bios . 
  a friend 's friend did this on an old amd system and it was fine for like 20 minutes and then died, 
   i will smash my fury x with a hammer on stream if i 'm wrong, 
  nah dude , send it to me and i 'll do it for ya 8 ), 
  i got 50 fps at 4k ultra in doom with my nano, 
  my fetish, 
  i 'm very certain that this is just driver fuckery . 
  when rx vega launches , i 'm sure performance will be up at least 20 % . 
  multiplier locked ? 
  i 'm guessing yes . 
  in one aspect this is good . 
  more cards for gamers and professionals , not miners . 
  side windows are , i think . 
  i never liked this kind of games . 
  i 'll just die first every time and get salty . 
  i think dayz is dead , considering killing floor 2 has more players . 
  on the other hand , open sourcing an engine is good . 
  more people can see the code , more people can fix it . 
  the source is available for both source and unreal 4 tho, 
  you got so much input lag you double posted, 
  unreal is mainly developed by epic , but they do accept community made patches through github . 
  i believe one such patch was a fix for a graphics bug on linux . 
  i was using that driver version , did n't have this issue . 
  currently running 17.4.4 tho , .6.2 caused some display corruption for me . 
  i 'd love to have this , i think it looks dumb when there 's just 1 flashlight and my system can handle everyones . 
  it does n't mine that well actually . 
  gets like 30mh/s and a 1070 can do the same . 
  opengl 4.3 is supported by mesa . 
  in fact , it supports 4.5 . 
  what gpu ? 
  stop lying you filthy swede . 
  it disables fxaa ? 
  i got downvoted on / r/amd for saying the new asus ryzen laptop has a shit screen . 
  it 's 60hz . 
  0803 completely broke memory for me , i could n't even get 2400mhz on that one . 
  unacceptable on a gaming laptop . 
  no real gamer wants 60hz anymore . 
  it took like 5 seconds to load on my phone, 
  um , it 's a 1.47 mb mp4, 
  i had 100 megabit cable , now i have `` 150 megabit '' lte that only reaches 40mb/s on a good day .
