  just fuck off , i wan na see the article , not your quotes . 
  i am outraged . 
  huh , it does n't tell me to turn off my adblock : i, 
  ca n't be arsed to search for it : i, 
  never had this myself , but my friends have . 
  very fun when your skype call drops because of this . 
  1440p 144hz here . 
  freesync doe, 
  even with an r9 nano i had to turn down the res quite often to get 60fps, 
  now i got a 1440p 144hz monitor , it 's great, 
  2k is 2048x1080, 
  assuming you mean 1440p , you can call it qhd, 
  so i ca n't watch it on my laptop dammit, 
  finland . 
  i had 100/10 cable for $ 30 per month . 
  never slowed down , only cut off once or twice during 2 years . 
  now i got 150/50 lte , $ 30 per month again , but i get just 30/10 because of potato signal, 
  mine defaults to 480p every fucking time and i hate it because i have unlimited data . 
  where, 
  that 's what you get for buying garbage products, 
  i set it to play hd on mobile data and wifi , but it still defaults to 480p, 
  this is very annoying , because i have fast and unlimited data and i want 1080p always . 
  only ever had to install one for my ralink usb adapter . 
  ( which died for reasons unknown ), 
  had to get some aur package , blacklist the bundled one . 
  gay, 
  i 'm just against gsync because it 's a proprietary , expensive standard that does n't give any real benefits over freesync to justify the price . 
  yeah . 
  i 've been gaming at 4k and 1440p 144hz just fine with 4gb . 
  is it in exclusive fullscreen or borderless ? 
  works fine in killing floor 2 . 
  capped my fps to 142 and it 's smooth as fuck . 
  my experience has been terrible . 
  it makes steam crash . 
  i once had to force software rendering on a laptop . 
  if i did n't , whole laptop was unusable because of an incompatibility between hardware and the drivers . 
  they 're one of the biggest companies in the world , so obviously ... 
  they even make weapons . 
  that 's the song i play when i see someone on top of a tall building . 
  i wish it worked with youtube . 
  tried to explain this to someone in a facebook group and he just laughed . 
  i 'm gon na update my arch install and try it, 
  there was a bug in gnome display manager that let you log in by spamming the esc key, 
  it 's the manufacturer 's job to update devices atm, 
  google has some program though which shames manufacturers if they do n't update their devices . 
  i dunno man , i could see no difference between mpc-hc and vlc . 
  i like systemd : i, 
  is there any quality difference between gsync and freesync ? 
  so no real difference except cost ? 
  find a cheap xeon e3, 
  shame it wo n't run on linux now : /, 
  bethesda , when will you learn ... 
  i think rx 460 would be a better gpu choice . 
  radeon pumpkin next ? 
  hope amd can fix that with freesync . 
  rx 460 is $ 100 though, 
  i had an msi 290 and the vrms ran at 90c on idle . 
  that 's about the same as my nano, 
  msi r9 290 gaming , with their twinfrozr cooler, 
  i did n't have screen tearing when i tried it . 
  only flickering when outdoors ... 
  it 's not about feature support . 
  amd has shit opengl performance . 
  vrm temp was the same if it was overclocked or not . 
  actually i sold it to a friend recently , i 'm quite certain that vrm temp reading was false ... 
  i forgot to do it : i, 
  [ it 's patched anyway , kernel 4.8.3 is fine ] ( https://bbs.archlinux.org/viewtopic.php?id=218710 ), 
  i use privateinternetaccess , would recommend . 
  ping is quite good . 
  they do support linux , even their linux client is on par with windows client now ( but you can only install the damn thing on ubuntu ), 
  i have a core duo . 
  privateinternetaccess has been really good . 
  i 'm just wondering how many of them would work on my oneplus 3 . 
  ethernet adapter maybe ? 
  he literally takes everything literally . 
  wifi cards is one . 
  should check for the chipset , as some do n't work at all on linux , or very poorly . 
  * cough * ^ ^ ^ ^ broadcom, 
  what about marking each card that has an unknown chipset as potentially incompatible ? 
  i had that on windows 8 too . 
  my slow-ass laptop was unusable for hours . 
  protip : enable unified gpu usage monitoring in afterburner to make it not-spiky, 
  how do you apply forced induction to something electronic, 
  but it 's slightly slower and freesync stops working, 
  cheap fury as a temporary card , vega when it finally comes, 
  i played gta v with an australian . 
  ping was nice , since i 'm in finland . 
  1440p 144hz, 
  1080p looks like shit, 
  yay spending twice as much on a monitor than your gpu, 
  i just got a 144hz monitor , 60fps feels laggy after playing for a while, 
  since you have the g2460pf , can you share your experiences with it ? 
  i heard it 's not actually capable of 144hz , and frameskips at over 60hz, 
  i only have a ps3 controller : /, 
  it only works on win7 i think, 
  their r9 290 sure did . 
  i remember when a 1gb card felt huge, 
  do you have an amd card ? 
  it has been happening to me too , browser restart fixes it . 
  turning off hardware accel makes it slower doe,
