  that was fast . 
  i wanted to play gt6 on the ps3 i got from my brother . 
  downloaded and installed updates for 2 hours . 
  best bot ever . 
  was watching on phone so did n't even notice that it was mono . 
  overheating ? 
  install psensor to check temperatures . 
  at school my teacher and one student tried to get a hdd caddy to work on a windows pc . 
  some usb ports did n't work , and they could n't even find the drivers . 
  i plug it in my arch machine and it immediately works . 
  does n't work , video does n't play at all if i switch to 720p/1080p :( this is on arch linux , firefox 35.0.1, 
  edit : 60 fps works perfectly in firefox beta from aur . 
  might change back to firefox in next version . 
  ( using chrome atm ), 
  i only turn off for hardware upgrade , but that 's because consumer hardware does n't always have hotswap . 
  it 's still a fine gpu . 
  plays crysis 2 with no problem ( although only at 720p ), 
  there is some registry hack that allows you to change it without reinstalling . 
  i just wish their upcoming processors will be awesome . 
  i really do n't wan na go intel : /, 
  what a ** load ** of shit these consoles are . 
  malwarebytes pro has a feature that blocks malicious addresses . 
  also , web of trust browser addon . 
  `` free '' to play, 
  damn chinese hackers ... because of them i have gigabytes of log files on my server , all containing login attempts . 
  open a terminal and type `` sudo - i '' , it should show a # , not $ . 
  i am from finland and to me it sounds like throat/lung cancer . 
  100/10 in helsinki , finland for 30 $ / month . 
  brb moving to romania, 
  i 'm using a 2tb green for games and ... stuff . 
  it 's fast enough . 
  also i got a 1tb green for free from a friend 's 7 year old hp , it works fine and is in my brother 's pc . 
  well , atleast i 'm not living in ` straya . 
  i hope their internet gets better though . 
  i 'd take a 290x instead of a 980 . 
  but what if op does n't like saints row ? 
  that sucks . 
  i use that in 4 days on my phone ( no wifi ) . 
  yeah . 
  i have yet to meet one person who does n't like sr. 
  msi r9 290 here . 
  85 \u00b0 c max and sounds like ref cooler on `` quiet '' mode . 
  .7 z is a superior format anyway . 
  filthy gnome user here . 
  eh , not really . 
  out of the box it 's ugly , but kde happens to be one of the most customizable de 's . 
  it works fine for gaming , why ? 
  they already are . 
  open drivers are only slightly slower than closed ones , and only support ogl 3.3 . 
  besides those , the open drivers are better . 
  that result is old , and for nvidia . 
  we were talking about amd . 
  you forgot to update your drivers . 
  i 'm going to get a super flower 1000w psu , are they good quality ? 
  they 're like women , you simply ca n't understand them . 
  i have an r9 290 too and get easy 200 fps at highest settings on arch . 
  freed 14gb on my pc . 
  i paid the $ 12 just to give battlefront 2 to a friend . 
  if it looks stupid but works , it ai n't stupid . 
  100 megabit masterrace . 
  i use catalyst . 
  maybe try to update your driver ? 
  i got my 8320 to 4.5 ghz . 
  does your motherboard have vrm settings in bios ? 
  mine was n't stable , but after a bit of tinkering with vrm settings it 's rock solid . 
  arch linux masterrace, 
  what if op wants to play tf2 at 4k ? 
  some uefi 's do n't allow booting grub though . 
  you should check out wine and playonlinux . 
  they are n't the perfect solution , but atleast you can play your games on linux . 
  i tried gentoo once , all i got was compilation errors . 
  that 's why i said it 's not the perfect solution . 
  we need a simulator simulator . 
  have you tried playonlinux ? 
  i gave my 8800gt away for free along with a psu . 
  hell yes . 
  fx chips are awesome overclockers . 
  i got my 8320 to 4.5 ghz on a hyper 212 evo . 
  blue screen masterrace ? 
  do n't be so harsh on it , they have n't implemented a sarcasm detector yet :(, 
  i got my uefi working perfectly , i may be able to help . 
  oh yeah , i forgot you lurked here too . 
  ( check my flair if you do n't know who i am ), 
  turbo boost \u2122 ? 
  we already have reskins and stranges in tf2 . 
  i would but no money atm . 
  i 'll get it when it comes to steam though . 
  why did you get downvoted ? 
  cat6 cables have a max lenght of 100 meters . 
  ( according to wikipedia atleast ), 
  i made a swastika that flies by cannon propulsion . 
  my 8320 at 4.5 ghz gets to 60 \u00b0 c. 
  i got a hyper 212 evo and a barely sufficient psu :d, 
  i do n't listen to music while playing games . 
  i 'm a metalhead though . 
  uh , what happened to it ? 
  assetto corsa and rfactor are the best . 
  i have n't bought rfactor yet though . 
  do n't you mean throttling ? 
  and i know it 's pretty stupid to do this :p,
