  libratbag and piper, 
  there 's an app called metal , it 's an fb app that also lets you message without messenger . 
  you can bitch all you want but you wo n't get change if you do n't do anything about it . 
  they used to have the apps in 1 , but for some reason split them . 
  sounds like it was just badly done then . 
  lot of applications just use the web interface ( like whatsapp and discord ) , but they have a small wrapper , usually electron . 
  the new ones look worse to me . - . 
  disable it ? 
  or you can root and uninstall . 
  does that work on lineageos ? 
  goat simulator ? 
  i did like the zombie mode in bo1 , but apart from that ca n't say . 
  dying light , dead island , zombie army trilogy , 7 days to die , killing floor 1 & 2 ( even though kf enemies are n't exactly zombies ) are really good zombie games in my opinion . 
  but doing so gets rid of it regardless . 
  if you 're only running a minecraft server on it , you should consider running linux on it . 
  in my experience , minecraft server runs a whole lot faster on linux than windows . 
  i have like 250 tabs open right now lol, 
  nope , it 's terrible with keyboard and mouse . 
  i do n't really see how it compromises security . 
  maybe linus just has shitty eyes , because i could definetely tell a difference when i had a 4k monitor . 
  one step closer to deleting my windows install . 
  how does one enable this, 
  i play a lot with my friend from school but we 've never had a lan : <, 
  yeah , op was looking at nvidia gpus . 
  found it , but it does n't let me enable it . 
  all greyed out . 
  i use a usb dac , is that why ? 
  you do n't need the pro driver for that : i, 
  what 's mightytext ? 
  maybe i can finally get my ram to 2933mhz now , when the update drops on the prime board . 
  i believe that 's the optimal amount for cpus without smt . 
  same, 
  i read online that it only works at 16-bit 48khz , but my dac only supports 24-bit at various sample rates . 
  how loud is that 290 ? 
  i had that model and it was loud as shit and ran at 86c . 
  make sure your ram is good with [ memtest86 ] ( http://www.memtest86.com/ ), 
  i believe there 's 2 models of this card which are slightly different , maybe i just got the worse one ... 
  used it for over a year and it was torture ; - ;, 
  it did overclock quite well though , 1100/1400mhz, 
  even a bit more obscure games like killing floor 2 have skins going for [ hundreds of dollars ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/market/listings/232090/desert%20eagle%20%7c%20precious ), 
  if it 's vega , he might actually be right . 
  i got the same hdd lmao, 
  i really need an upgrade though , it 's really slow . 
  i think hl3 arrives before i get my ram running at it 's rated speed . 
  fh3 does n't even work properly for me . 
  long ass loading times , and ca n't play online at all . 
  what 's the purpose of twitch app ? 
  i only used it for minecraft mods but it sucks so i just use ftb launcher now . 
  i hosted ts3 on a dell with a celeron d running linux and it was fine . 
  best thing you can do is buy a gtx 1030 . 
  how do you know that the scorpio apu does n't have vega architecture ? 
  finland here , even mobile internet works great . 
  except in my fucking room , where i get 1/5 bars of signal . 
  thanks dna . 
  i 'm still wondering why it 's closed source . 
  no , dna is my carrier 's name . 
  well yeah cause it has way more surface area to dissipate heat lmao, 
  because your h100i has more surface to dissipate heat . 
  i 'd say it only outperforms 240s and some 280s . 
  360 rads , no chance . 
  like night zombies in dying light, 
  flip your psu so the fan side is up , put your pc on the floor . 
  boom , more desk space . 
  that 's the only resolution you need for csgo anyway 8 ), 
  you had one job, 
  yeah . 
  when i watercool i 'll just use straight distilled water with no color . 
  me and my friends call them `` vitun y\u00f6mulkut '', 
  it 's finnish and means `` those nice little night zombies '', 
  they 're all in russia so gopniks can rush b more efficiently, 
  support i 'd say . 
  oneshotting gorefiends and elite alphas feels gud man, 
  you can do it on your gaming pc . 
  if it can play kf2 , it probably can host a server at the same time . 
  you just need to make sure you can forward the right ports , which might be an issue as some isps block all servers on home connections . 
  some say they see better with 4:3 or 5:4 aspect ratios , some say it 's just for higher fps . 
  i played on normal for like 100 of my first hours ... :(, 
  then hard for a while , and up to suicidal at maybe 300h , now on hoe all the time at 750h . 
  i got it for 18 $ from humble store . 
  25 % off , and extra 10 % with monthly sub . 
  their other game , kf2 , has the same thing on by default . 
  i would n't say it has poor performance . 
  rs2 and kf2 both look great despite being developed on an old engine . 
  i get 100-150 fps in kf2 , most settings on high . 
  rgb lighting works for me on latest bios , at least the mobo 's ( near audio ) , but i turned it off . 
  at least it ai n't 30 . 
  my friend owns the wireless naga , and it 's a piece of shit . 
  it flips out when you lift it , and it has shit battery life . 
  your downvotes do n't make me wrong . 
  i do n't own the said mouse myself but my friend does and he constantly rages on discord on how bad it is . 
  for 1080p yeah , but for 1440p you want 27 '' . 
  if you do fluid simulation in blender , extra cores will help you bake it faster . 
  as long as it 's within 2017 , and worth the wait , i 'm happy . 
  i believe they 're aluminium and plexiglass . 
  not sure though . 
  i 'm hoping coop makes a return , it was fun in fc4 . 
  it 'd only run on one gpu . 
  not when they ca n't talk to eachother, 
  edit : look at the picture . 
  no sli bridges .
