  i 'm not even surprised, 
  it is a html5 video , automod just does what it was coded to do, 
  he 's always afk lol, 
  i won dirt 3 with the bronze package on my first try . 
  never won anything after that . 
  i have an xbox 360 too , got it used from my dad . 
  never use it , only the controllers on my pc, 
  only bug i have found is not reading vram amount on amd gpu on linux, 
  i have dark souls and gta iv too , and gfwl can get annoying on multiplayer . 
  still better than uplay tho . 
  funny , the guy i met plays lol too :d, 
  yes . 
  eat it as a sacrifice to gaben, 
  i use the html5 player . 
  even disabled flash on youtube, 
  chrome with flash player on youtube disabled, 
  you 'd think that such a powerful country as us would have the best internet , but no . 
  even we in finland have better internet . 
  pc gamers lose gaming industry money by pirating ? 
  lol ... 
  i mean , i still pirate , but only to try the game . 
  i play 1 or 2 first missions , and buy the game if i like it , and delete the pirate whether i like it or not . 
  he created an account just to tell us that ? 
  wow ... 
  in bf3 you can achieve it . 
  at what settings i could play bf4 with my r9 270x ? 
  ( rebranded hd 7870 ), 
  spoiled euro kid here . 
  have n't really measured how long it takes to download huge games , but garry 's mod was ready in 5 minutes . 
  unfortunately subtenants or roommates are not allowed in my house : /, 
  sir , i 'm afraid you have to leave . 
  you have drank too much . 
  it will work with z87 , but he might need a uefi update, 
  save more money and upgrade both . 
  it is compatible , just make sure your case has enough room as it is a pretty big cooler, 
  ram does n't necessarily need to be the same , but identical ram sticks work better, 
  if i paid double what i pay now i would have 43mb/s . 
  and i get the 11,5 mb/s consistently , it never goes down . 
  have you dusted it ? 
  you coulda bought a new one , i got a 4gb ddr3 module for 33 $, 
  i ca n't see the last 10mbits of my 100mbit cable ? 
  aww : c, 
  pootis spencer here, 
  i would n't really call amd processors outdated ... 
  i have an fx-8320 and it has no trouble keeping up with intel cpus on heavily threaded tasks . 
  single-threaded perf is shit though . 
  i understand that they want to push their apus , but they should n't forget the enthusiasts . 
  what the hell are you waiting for then ? 
  [ lel ] ( http://www.wwenews.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/obvious-troll-is-obvious.jpg ), 
  i got one free from a friend , and i have like 30 spares in my closet so cant bother to buy a usb dvd drive, 
  i 'd like to see an e-atx dual socket am3 + board . 
  16 cores , bitch, 
  i 'm a student too , but i get help funds from my government . 
  saved a ton of money ( ate noodles for 6 months ) and got a 1000 $ gaming rig . 
  still got money left for a rainy day . 
  a peasant who does n't call us gay elitists ? 
  what is this, 
  personally i use bleachbit for cache cleaning , ultradefrag for defrag , mse and malwarebytes for anti malware and antivirus . 
  memtest86 live cd for ram testing , gpu stress test programs ( furmark , for example ) for gpu test . 
  before you do anything , remove your ram sticks and reseat them , it may solve the issue, 
  who needs password hints, 
  i did a test once . 
  first i used ccleaner , it cleaned about 50mb of junk , then bleachbit after that , which cleaned an additional 200mb of junk . 
  questions ? 
  yup . 
  i still got 1 year of school left , then gon na try to find a job , possibly linux admin or something like that since that 's my best area . 
  if you want a free game , supertuxkart . 
  it 's graphics are n't exactly modern but it will run on any pc . 
  and it 's fun . 
  i have a similar fan i got from an external hard drive made by hp, 
  i have pirated my windows too . 
  not because it 's expensive , but because i feel like macrohard does n't deserve my money . 
  they already have billions of dollars , why do they need my 100 $ ? 
  they had too much money , so why not z 's ? 
  takes less space anyway , and they will watercool it, 
  * cause, 
  wow ... 
  i 'm really lucky ... 
  i have a 100mb/s cable that actually does the advertised speed . 
  i pay 30 $ / month for the joy . 
  do n't feel bad , we all make mistakes, 
  opterons are multi-socket capable , but they cost a lot more than fx series . 
  i believe you can have up to 4 sockets on the same board . 
  dat plot twist, 
  what 's wrong with vlc ? 
  when i had ubuntu on my ssd , the boot animation just got skipped completely and went straight to login . 
  on a 2009 motherboard with only sata2 . 
  you can always dual boot . 
  if you 're afraid of windows messing up , get a 500gb wd blue for ubuntu and keep their bootloaders separate, 
  i really hope google fiber catches up there . 
  seen speedtests and now i want it : c, 
  i did the same with my fx 5200, 
  world of warcraft actually works very well with wine ( a magic software that makes windows programs work in linux ) , it has a platinum rating in their database . 
  and if you still do n't wan na install it to a hard drive , you could install it in virtualbox and play around when bored . 
  trust me , linux is fun to play with . 
  i see nothing wrong with cod , only the badly raised kids bother me . 
  somehow the pc audience is much more mature , i met a 14-year old from my country in tf2 and he 's a nice guy , does n't swear much and does n't claim to have slept with my mother . 
  i would really like to see a peasant try arma 3, 
  it 's the nokia 3310 of keyboards , i have spilled my drink on it twice , both times washing it with tap water ( unplugged it first , of course ) and still works . 
   mods,
