  over a year probly . 
  tfw a 14 year old has a better rig, 
  and more hours in tf2, 
  kwin is good enough . 
  now i regret buying logitech . 
  huh ? 
  i only had to install an older xorg to get catalyst 15.12 to work . 
  ( laptop requires it to get the gpu to work , i would n't use it otherwise ), 
  i never liked the expanded buttons . 
  they take too much space imo . 
  if i were you , i 'd keep that fx-8320 . 
  i did the same and i regret it . 
  marginal improvements for 400 $ . 
  money well spent . 
  amd apu + gpu ? 
  nope , which is why i have to use fglrx on my laptop :(, 
  tfw only 2 monitors, 
  \\  site uses flash, 
  what year is it, 
  not available in my country . 
  fuck you too . 
  mine ca n't even run tf2 comfortably ... 
  spying controversy , driver issues , some software is incompatible , less control . 
  i personally wan na go back to 8.1 but too lazy : /, 
  only my keyboard 's spacebar has rgb lights . 
  4x is enough for a gpu . 
  i do n't even have a mousepad . 
  still i manage to play fine . 
  am i the only one who does n't play cs : go ? 
  i think i have that soundblaster card actually . 
  amd is n't much competition atm , so intel has no reason to make faster chips . 
  it 's alright . 
  wat happen ? 
  that 's what i 'm supposed to get at home , but i only get 4mb/s on a good day ... shitty signal . 
  and in vulkan prolly . 
  amd has their own shadowplay ... 
  as for overheating , some crappy coolers were out there for r9 200 series . 
  my msi r9 290 was a hot beast . 
  yes . 
  tried it , and it does record with no fps drop . 
  nobody loves the g602 :'(, 
  i 'm glad i do n't make videos then . 
  upgradability . 
  you 're watching twitch ? 
  it uses flash , which makes my gpu run at highest clockspeeds even though it does n't need it . 
  i underclocked mine to 400mhz and it still plays streams fine . 
  you could try ddu in safe mode to nuke the drivers and try older version . 
  heard about it and thought it was interesting . 
  never had issues with my 4k monitor . 
  u28d590d , r9 nano . 
  also a dell p2416d as a second monitor . 
  60hz without mst . 
  no custom xorg.conf . 
  displayport , and i 'm sure it 's running at 60hz . 
   you should see solid vertical lines , not a checkerboard pattern . 
  i see vertical lines . 
  i also checked wikipedia , 4k 60hz requires about 14gbit/s of bandwidth , dp1 .2 has 17gbit/s . 
  why have n't i had any mst related issues then ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  not on windows , not on linux . 
  not with radeon , amdgpu , or fglrx driver . 
  only random multimonitor issues like game starting on secondary ( which is on the left side ), 
  is it even good ? 
  damn , maybe i should have gotten that instead of this xeon . 
  oh well , i 'll upgrade to a zen 8-core when they come out . 
  and here i am using a 4k monitor . 
  what i find interesting is how graphical file managers can be so fucking slow at deleting files . 
  it 's nice . 
  nano for 4k , 390x for 1080p/1440p . 
   its very easy to get nano running at fury x performance with just raising the power limit slider . 
  can confirm . 
  warning : it 'll be loud though . 
  mine only supports 1080i60hz or 1080p30hz :(, 
  ultrawides are overrated . 
  but ca n't make rar archives i think . 
  maybe there are other stores besides origin ? 
  i had an 8320 at 4.7 ghz with 1.368 v. 
  i 'd get an ultrawide , but they are very overpriced where i live . 
  i 'm not paying 500 $ for a 60hz 1080p monitor , sir . 
  mine is too , and i only have a g27 bolted to my table . 
  did i mention i do n't have a car nor license ? 
  single 980ti should be enough for 3 monitors , even if they are 1440p . 
  i usually just set text scaling to 1.25 , it 's enough for me to see fine . 
  dell makes some good products . 
  their monitors are really good in my experience . 
  sony , please just allow us to run linux on ps4 ... 
  someone told me it ca n't , and i never bothered to check xp, 
  they never flew anywhere when i took caps off my keyboard . _ . 
  what, 
  why though . 
  i 'm just waiting for zen . 
  i want an 8-core with insane performance that does n't cost twice as much as my gpu . 
  i think you can use the net installer and just install the server version , then install any package you need . 
  still , my 4k monitor cost less than the cheapest 1080p ultrawide here . 
  why do you need selinux ? 
  and they ca n't even get kms working on linux with their proprietary drivers . 
  surprisingly large amount of radeon users . 
  390 circlejerk paid off 8 ), 
  fury x can do 4k on high settings . 
  do you really need ultra settings ?
