  yes it is . 
  it 's a show about friendship and stuff . 
  do n't see anything wrong . 
  cloppers however . . 
  newly made account , probably a spambot . 
  at 8gb ram i use a 4gb swap , under that i use same amount as ram . 
  over 8gb and no swap . 
  they do , i am one . 
  it just depends on how much an individual needs if you ask me . 
  to me 4gb of swap with 8gb ram is plenty for anything . 
  my room has little dust , so i clean mine like every 3 months or so . 
  i had a lot of ram usage when using chrome or building something big ( like android ) , so just made a small swapfile . 
  it 'll sit there unused most of the time anyway . 
  it actually worked last time i tried it . 
  tfw nobody ever remembers gtx 480, 
  and his name is ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ gabe ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ newell, 
  i 've never had to rma an asus product : /, 
  nh-d15 masterrace . 
  wait . 
  you actually turn off your pc ? 
  mine makes no noise at idle , and power cost is n't an issue . 
  hardware longevity maybe , but i 'll probably upgrade long before my parts break :p, 
  the scaling is just blurry for me , but the notifications show where they should . 
  i wan na get a 480 and cook something on it . 
  i should actually buy that . 
  need a job and i have no idea how to make a cv . 
  i just got an xfx r9 nano . 
  was on sale in my local store , been loving it so far . 
  displayport . 
  or just use linux . 
  noctua masterrace, 
  it just seems unnecessary to me . 
  i use it sometimes when i ca n't be arsed to open chrome with my 20 million open tabs . 
  firefox would do the job too but ca n't be arsed to install . 
  linux would be a better option though . 
  another beamng fan ? 
  * peasents, 
  op misspelled it . 
  i got enough ram + the great suspender, 
  i 'm not a regular user , you can count me out . 
   for your average guy you 're asking too much, 
  you can ask my dad how hard linux is . 
  he has used it for 1.5 years now , only needed 20 minutes to learn and has been fine ever since . 
  as for distro recommendation , just use ubuntu or any derivative . 
  they are pretty idiot-proof . 
  if my dad can use ubuntu , so can yours lol, 
  what will we do if google goes down ? 
  me too :p, 
  we were all noobs once . 
  mine cost 99 $ : c, 
  i dunno , i ca n't aim for shit if my hands are cold . 
  or if i have caffeine deprivation . 
  do you need to censor names of community pages ? 
  they 're not real names . 
  i had an msi r9 290 gaming . 
  it was loud and fucking hot . 
  up to 90 \u00b0 c on full load . 
  my r9 nano is more silent if that tells anything . 
  at 4k they are pretty much equal . 
  at 1080p the 980ti wins . 
  i had a really bad experience with msi . 
  the 290 i had ran fucking hot , and the fans were loud . 
  or use linux . 
  op said she only plays csgo and minecraft , which work perfectly on linux . 
  i installed windows 8.1 on my desktop after a hardware upgrade , updated to 10 , about 2 hours after i have to do a refresh ( reinstall without install media i guess ) because the desktop was unusable , because an asus software was incompatible . 
  i could n't even open task manager , wtf . 
  i wonder how many times this has been posted here . 
  6 months . 
  500hz , as it 's the maximum my mouse supports ( logitech g602 ), 
  denmark is n't very far , that 's a possibility :d, 
  me too actually . 
  have n't played around much lately though . 
  i use windows as well , ca n't be arsed to install it on there . 
  why does n't windows have a package manager ? 
  i got an r9 nano because it was cheaper than fury or a 980, 
  not joking . 
  nvidia specific shit runs like garbage on amd products . 
  probably not . 
  it 's ok , i misread stuff to and feel like an idiot sometimes , 
  friend of mine has a sandy bridge pentium paired with an r9 380 . 
  everything she plays runs just fine . 
  in 2016 , for fucks sake . 
  you should use safe eject if you have write cache turned on . 
  otherwise it 's fine . 
  99 % of this sub plays csgo only anyway , which works perfectly on linux . 
  hello , 1 %, 
  i got a nano because it was same price as a gtx 980 here , and cheaper than a fury and other alternatives . 
   your flair, 
  happened like 3 times to me in dying light . 
  290x is a really good card , 980 wo n't be much of an upgrade . 
  980ti or fury x if you wan na upgrade . 
  or just wait for polaris/pascal, 
  wd greens are silent and are over 100mb/s . 
  is n't there one quadro with 24gb ? 
  would be fun to try with that . 
  i just have a ps3 for gt6, 
  mine are on a silent profile . 
  very quiet , ca n't hear it while i sleep . 
  give it more ram . 
  i assume it 's attack is either white or yellow liquid ?
