  obs is bae, 
  could just be a corrupted game install . 
  l e t s t r y g a s, 
  i have the app but it does n't open in the fucking app . 
  hard drives do n't need special drivers . 
  they all use a generic driver . 
  iirc pulverizer heavy attack with an empty mag does more damage to scrakes than zweih\u00e4nder . 
  so it was changed ? 
  some amd motherboards support it . 
  obs exists, 
  100 % when playing games is perfect . 
  it tells you it 's used to it 's full potential . 
  it does support gpu acceleration , and it works very well . 
  the bundled driver is crap though , there 's a better plugin made by xaymar . 
  when did they give up ? 
  lol, 
  buy an amd card, 
  tfw amd driver updates do n't do this, 
  tfw it 's natrium in like every language except english . 
  also ananas . 
  normies like me . 
  3-5 per month . 
  it supports gpu encoding . 
  source : i tried it a week ago, 
  just melee bash clot heads with it , and shoot their feet when there 's a bunch of them . 
  it 's getting near r9 nano 's graphics score : i http://www.3dmark.com/fs/10246858, 
  pressing `` start recording '' is very difficult , yes . 
  yes but only uwp games . 
  same with obs if you know what you 're doing . 
  obs can use amd vce as well , with [ xaymar 's plugin ] ( https://github.com/xaymar/obs-studio_amf-encoder-plugin/ ), 
  this is clearly a design flaw . 
  was not a good idea to release a laptop with a gtx 480 . 
  is vr worth it or should i rather spend 300 $ on a 1tb ssd ? 
  close enough . 
  peasant eyes ca n't tell a difference . 
  this drm is fucking bullshit . 
  it just makes the lives of paying customers hard , and all of this content will be pirated anyway . 
  vive is 1000 $ including shipping , i was thinking of razer 's osvr hdk . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa gim me a laptop with one, 
  what 's that used for ? 
  it does ? 
  i thought they still shipped it with an old and crappy plugin . 
  well i never run games at lower resolution so this never bothered me : i, 
  do n't care for star citizen or other space games . 
  i mainly want vr for assetto corsa , and maybe killing floor incursion ( and whatever interesting stuff comes on steam ), 
  isus, 
  because most game devs just want money , not a happy and loyal fanbase . 
  why is this meme not dead yet, 
  nvidia gets all of the optimization on launch , amd does it over time . 
  most people do n't even need a card that powerful . 
  [ game industry in a shellnut ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=on-7v4qnhp8 ), 
  you need just one scene if you 're just recording , and settings are quite easy to set up . 
  i 'm fine with tweaking if it means i save some money . 
  is it worth over double the price ? 
  meant studios : <, 
  i think i 'll wait for the eventual vive successor or price drops : <, 
  it does . 
  ca n't you just bump up the aa ? 
  what ? 
  i tried obs with vce a week ago and the quality was excellent . 
  i doubt amd will force you to sign in with any account . 
  still in development , i believe : /, 
  they 're maybe releasing a new professional driver on linux though . 
  yeah . 
  a 290 is still good , but try using a 780 for any kind of gaming . 
  i think you can hide the ads though . 
  actually had to install gpu drivers from device manager once . 
  older amd driver installer would n't work on windows 8 , but extracted the actual drivers to a folder . 
  got an x1650 to work on win8 that way lol, 
  i only tried studio . 
  no point in classic . 
  omfg finally ; - ;, 
  someone broke the nda . 
  well intel and nvidia do n't have much stuff in android ... that space is pretty much controlled by qualcomm . 
  this config does n't work very well on windows due to bugs in wddm . 
  do n't know if it 'll work on linux . 
  or a tarball for package maintainers ... 
  omg i have to try this, 
  derp idk how, 
  i thought this bug was on amd too . 
  thanks lol , i 'll get a second monitor soon . 
  ( 1440p 60hz probly ), 
  every time i 've had the driver installed , steam ( and hence any game running ) crashed at a random time . 
  it can also tell you if your hdmi cable sucks, 
  your comment shows as boxes for me : i, 
  amd is giving us a shadowplay-like software . 
  i 've been to finnish lapland and snow definetely smoothed out like that . 
  upcoming amd driver can tell you if your hdmi cable is shitty, 
  2 days . 
  it was leaked on 6th . 
  do n't ask me lol, 
  i 'm pretty hyped though , as is all of / r/amd and every amd user in this sub . 
  no clue but that 's what the leaked slides said . 
  is it weird that i prefer to use the ak-12 over scar as commando ? 
  i like the larger mag size , and it has better sights imo, 
  iirc they also recommend a gt 730 over fury x. 
  freesync does support 30-144hz iirc , and it has low-framerate compensation now which makes it work under the fs range . 
  mg279q is better quality than it 's gsync counterpart tho, 
  me too . 
  asus mg279q .
