  you people are the reason why these damn cards are out of stock all the damn time : /, 
  sapphire trixx works on every card as well , as long as it has an amd chip . 
  it makes the green twats furious, 
  lower asic score is better on amd cards . 
  my nano has a score of 63.4 %, 
  windows ca n't access linux formatted partitions unless you use a buggy 3rd party tool, 
  i can see my drive , but ca n't mount or access it 's data . 
  for that you need ext2fsd ( the buggy tool i mentioned ) . 
  and that only works for ext2-4 ... 
  i do n't understand why the fuck do they use 32-bit efi ... 
  the point of efi is to make the whole process more modern . 
  legacy bios has been 16-bit since forever . 
  same, 
  windows 10 has bash now, 
  what 's wrong with png, 
  i did n't even pay attention to filesize lol, 
  they 're committing digital suicide . 
  love my g602, 
  it 's the best cheapo power supply tho , i heard, 
  any cheaper and all you get is a housefire, 
  if you 're good at something , do n't do it for free, 
  i 've had the app installed since it came out : /, 
  got 3 free copies of dirt 3 lol, 
  it did n't do shit for me : /, 
  fuck no . 
  how would i listen to music when i 'm not at home ? 
  but why would you use an old version of ubuntu ? 
  that first site has aircoolers on all of the tiers . 
  just weird , i thought everyone loves aio coolers . 
  tfw only my keyboard 's spacebar is rgb, 
  i got 3 free copies of dirt 3 , shame they do n't give games for points anymore . 
  how is 500hz slow ? 
  most gaming mice are 1000hz , halving that is just power savings without a major sacrifice in latency . 
  i do prefer aircoolers for their low noise and high reliability . 
  just odd that the site does n't recommend any aios considering how popular they are . 
  my monitor has really high latency so i ca n't really notice mouse latency lol, 
  i use my phone if i need to search something when i 'm ingame, 
  only ? 
  i just broke 400, 
  a non-k cpu is fine if one does n't plan to overclock . 
  but if you voluntarily install it , is it still malware ? 
  he 's actually an enraged fleshpound, 
  it 's more stable on consoles because they limit the fps to 30, 
  could i achieve higher monitor overclocks with 8-bit color over 10-bit ? 
  thanks , i 'll see if i can get my monitor over 85hz :p, 
  16.04 is lts too , you can upgrade without issues . 
  works with only 1 card ? 
  power supply issue maybe ? 
  also have you tried another os ? 
  it 'll be fine , but cpu intensive games might suffer . 
  you could still try another os ( not meaning another version of windows ) to see if that works . 
  it 's not hard to set up if you can follow instructions . 
  for hardware , you need a cpu and motherboard that support amd-vi or intel vt-d . 
  i 've tested 2 configurations which work fine :, 
  * amd fx-8320 + asus m5a99x r2, 
  * intel xeon e3-1231v3 + asus h97-plus, 
  video cards on both setups : radeon r9 290 + hd 5570, 
  never had this : /, 
  if it 's at idle , nothing to worry about . 
  if it 's while gaming , it 's not supposed to do that . 
  it downclocks the core and memory on idle for power saving , do n't need to run them at full speed all the time . 
  [ this one ? 
  fixed jumping 0-100 % gpu load for me . 
  i would n't be mad if every company just copied it . 
  i 've installed mine so many times that it takes just 5 mins now, 
  thank god, 
  if you 're gon na watercool something , at least have a good reason to . 
  backlights with 100w leds ? 
  yeah and it ran like ass, 
  that was almost a year ago though , maybe they have patched it . 
  lol, 
  i said `` you 're just fucking shit '' :d, 
  but yeah , finnish is hard . 
  how good is crossfire at 4k ? 
  i 'm getting a used fury x as a friend for my nano, 
   outtake, 
  * exhaust, 
  no video, 
  i 'd like a cat that allows me to breathe . 
  you actually could do 4k 60fps with that . 
  it has a 390 , i ran gta v at 4k60 with a 290 , although lowered settings . 
  ( you did n't mention graphics settings ), 
  ye but 390 is a bit better at 4k due to a wide memory bus . 
  apple is shit , is this a surprise to you ? 
  it 's open source , anyone can download and modify it to fit whatever device . 
  then get a working nic, 
  chromium , because i only watch videos on youtube, 
  i was a peasant back then , all the way until 2010 or something, 
  for 1080p it 's not worth it . 
  i play at 4k tho , can get a fury x for 350 $ , so i 'm getting one . 
  do n't have bluetooth audio devices , i ca n't test if oxygenos has this : /, 
  you 'll always remember how she escaped this world . 
  my gpu does n't support vp9 decoding tho, 
  from a friend . 
  then i 'm restricted to 1080p max : /, 
  also the quality with h264 is worse, 
  i 'm going to get a gtx 1080 possibly , so i guess that solves it lol, 
  a display that costs over $ 1500 ? 
  tfw people still do n't know that lower values are better on amd, 
  try assburner , it can do 100mv,
