  if it 's 17.6.2 , i 've had the same issue . 
  roll back to previous whql . 
  dat bottleneck, 
  had one too before i got my r9 270x . 
  i threw away my amd k6-2 : /, 
  i feel like buying a new case with a glass sidepanel , but i 'm also saving for vega : /, 
  maybe later . 
  i went for the 1700 , but i also had a xeon e3 between for a while . 
  pentium g4560 if you 're ultra-poor , x99/xeon if you 're rich , 7700k if you want max fps in modern games . 
  ryzen for anything else . 
  haswell i5 is still fine for modern games , but you might start to struggle in 1-2 years . 
  i got gta v running at 60fps on my turd of a laptop , but voxel indie trash is struggling to get 20fps . 
  but you trust asus , who have gone down in quality significantly lately ? 
  what if there 's a promo where sshd is the same price as an identical sized hdd , is it worth it ? 
  logitech wheels , at least my g27 and previous driving force ( original , not gt or anything ) work perfectly . 
  whether ffb works depends on game . 
  what is the benefit of this ? 
  if there 's no performance benefit , i 'm not interested . 
  right now yes , soon you [ do n't ] ( http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=news_item&amp;px=witcher-2-rocket-mesa-git ), 
  started as a zerker ? 
  i 'd love to have a native port at some point . 
  your flair is same as mine , goddamn copycat . 
  i once had a powerleveled zerker join into a hoe game and only use the nailgun the entire game . 
  it was just kf-cube tho so we won lmao, 
  i feel like the 1911 is more accurate when you only have a single one . 
  sounds useless . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's fixed already , but my friend used to throw dosh over the fence on containment station in that one huge room ( idk the name of it ), 
  players like that make me wish this game had friendly fire by default . 
  and the fact that players never stop moving does n't help . 
  overcocking your xhamster, 
  if you have a gaming mouse and usb headset , it counts them as keyboards too . 
  wait , does your router inject that shit into steam interface ? 
  i have an online friend from germany and she has data caps . 
  iirc 100gb on cable and 5gb on mobile . 
  so why are you worrying about steam sales ? 
  okay then . 
  i did it myself , works fine . 
  from xeon e3v3 to current one . 
  75c at 40-ish % , noise is bearable if you have headphones , you wo n't hear it when gaming . 
  with speakers you will hear it though . 
  ymmv though , people have different cases , ambient temps , and ears . 
  it depends . 
  to me , the fan is quite loud . 
  yes , should be optional but on by default on servers imo . 
  i think we all did that when we were new . 
  turn off flex . 
  all good advice but wrong game, 
  i think it 's easy enough , balancing is a different thing . 
  also i think they need to mocap them again to get better animation quality for zed time . 
  it 's just that i 've seen some people getting comcast injected stuff on steam telling them they 're running low on data . 
  mine undervolts -42 mv . 
  does n't help temps at all , but it runs faster . 
  i do n't fully understand it , but basically some guy figured out a way to create currency by calculating stuff on a cpu/gpu/asic . 
  originally there was bitcoin , and it caused all amd cards to go out of stock in like 2012 , but someone figured out a way to make specialized hardware for mining it . 
  then someone came up with ethereum , similar cryptocurrency , but it ca n't be mined on asics , an it can make a ton of money if you mine them with your gpu , which is why everyone 's buying tons of gpus . 
  idk if this makes any sense but i tried . 
  you can trade it for dollars or whatever your country uses . 
  some stores just straight up accept it too . 
  and i do n't understand it either , it 's all magic or someshit . 
  i know that . 
  how to not have data caps : move to a place that has unlimited, 
  it 's quite extreme but will work . 
  i do n't understand why they did that . 
  i prefer conke, 
  i would , but they 're so damn expensive . 
  630 $ for the cheapest decent gtx 1080 . 
  kinda . 
  the gpu chip itself has a media encoder built in but it 's not a separate chip from the gpu . 
  why would you want to ? 
  try `` vblank_mode = 3 % command % '' in launch options though . 
  but turning it off makes it slow as shit . 
  being too nice offends me . 
  i believe they could be used as switchable graphics too . 
  i know it 's possible on linux , not sure about windows . 
  that vcore is way too high for 3ghz , try 1-1 .1 v. 
  can you go to the bios and see if you can raise tdp limit ? 
  as someone who uses one on a pc , they 're definetely the future . 
  absolutely fucking amazing for gaming . 
  i have no job but i still have a gaming pc . 
  great specs , and all the time in the world to play games . 
  finland . 
   plus i do n't even know of any adaptive sync monitors . 
  uhh , there 's like a hundred of them, 
  well yeah . 
  most `` dx12 '' games use it and a lot of times it just makes performance worse . 
  afaik the only true dx12 game is aots right now . 
  i have a g900 myself and it 's fucking good . 
  logitech knows their shit when it comes to wireless peripherals . 
  for a better user experience . 
  at least according to microsoft . 
  we do n't even have capped data plans . 
  sometimes i tether from my phone because my mobile data is faster than my modem . 
  csgo / s, 
  i ca n't even find capped plans from our major carriers . 
  or do i just suck at searching ? 
  it 's extreme , yes . 
  but it works . 
  for some reason they 've never forced me to turn off my adblocker . 
  and i have 3 devices with adblock , ublock on my desktop and laptop , adaway on my phone . 
  is it just me or is viewing twitter images horrible on mobile ?
