  from the title i thought you 'd propose that they 'd start sneezing . 
  would be pretty funny tbh, 
  i 'm finnish and the only swedish phrase i remember is jag \u00e4r b\u00f6g, 
  username checks out, 
  i do n't know for certain , you 'll need to wait for an employees response . 
  maybe one cloning line broke somehow and wakes them to life too early ? 
  vsync + vrr completely solves the input lag in my experience . 
  hell i 'm using a wireless mouse too and ca n't tell much lag . 
  i remember seeing you like a year ago here lol, 
  no but rx-7s have 2, 
  variable refreshrate, 
  delid this, 
  m. 2 can be sata , because it 's just the connector . 
  what you mean is nvme . 
  take out the upper hdd cage for more airflow, 
  having owned only asus motherboards , i can say he 's right . 
  if you 're hosting yes, 
  that 's worse than a hyper 212 afaik, 
  my friend built his first at 16 years of age , you can do it too . 
  it ai n't rocket surgery . 
  nvme is made for ssds , whereas the sata protocol ( more specifically ahci ) was made for spinning hard drives . 
  i just turned mine 90 degrees so i can fit 4 drives . 
  i have an r4 though . 
  then your heals are shit, 
  if you compare an m. 2 sata ssd and a 2.5 '' traditional ssd , the only advantage the m. 2 drive has is size . 
  why does everyone hate the 1858 ? 
  i think they 're great starting weapons . 
  also sg500 is a good starting weapon imo . 
  there are times when i 've had to use the 1858s to take out scrakes , thankfully never in proper 6 man hoe lol, 
  maybe it 's cache bottlenecked ? 
  idk . 
  surely epic games ca n't leave tons of customers unhappy . 
  right ? 
  but i do n't think they 're terrible . 
  as long as you can pop dem heads you 'll do fine till wave 3, 
  some laptop and oem cards too, 
  intel hd that 's barely faster, 
  did you disappear to take care of your gaming forum ? 
  does n't work too well when fps is under monitor refresh rate i heard . 
  also enhanced sync only works on polaris for some fucking reason . 
  i 'll take that as a yes :p, 
  win + x , start command prompt as admin , taskkill / im game.exe, 
  i never said to go full right side . 
  lrlll only sacrifices speed boost . 
  if the said m. 2 drive uses nvme , yes . 
  if it 's an m. 2 sata drive , no . 
  you lose only one buff that 's kinda useless anyway . 
  i said m. 2 sata ssd . 
  as far as i know nvme drives ca n't be used in sata mode at all . 
  if the team sucks at killing trash , combatant medic is incredibly useful . 
  depends on locale , for me it 's l for whatever reason . 
  i think it 's still possible to use a theme that looks like win7 . 
  seen some programs use it automatically . 
  4k is trash at that size, 
  if you got sli 1080ti, 
  it 's the best mouse tho, 
  just dimming the leds to 50 % boosts the battery life to 30h which is enough for me, 
  running windows 10 ? 
  i have a 27 '' qhd monitor and i do n't need aa on it ... 
  mine crapped itself yesterday after a firmware update , turned out it did it because my g900 's receiver firmware update did n't complete . 
  that was really the only issue i 've had with lgs tbh, 
  why only one fan on the d15 ? 
  are you ordering straight from sweden or something ? 
  it went fine for me after all . 
  not only you can type with it , but also kill a man if need arises, 
  if it 's idle , no . 
  mining or any other heavy compute tasks will use tons of energy and possibly reduce component life . 
  hey it 's still faster than my first laptop . 
  these new nvidia gpus are so fast they catch fire , go amd to save your house 8 ), 
  also , put double space at the end of each line or you get shitty formatting . 
  if zowie made wireless mice with as good latency and battery life as logitech , i 'd definetely get one . 
  and yes it has to be wireless , mouse bungie does not properly solve cable drag . 
  i 'm on reddit sync and both this link and op work fine . 
  you do n't need to share your own issues here . 
  would this be a good keyboard for gaming ? 
  i feel like my ducky shine 3 is too wide , so i 've been looking at one of these . 
  windows defender in a nutshell 8 ), 
  right now i just play killing floor 2 . 
  there are times when i accidentally smack my mouse onto the keyboard when swiping left lmao, 
  this happens to me in basically any firstperson game though . 
  even if it does n't stop miners , it should hinder some of them . 
  hopefully it 's enough . 
  so it 's not closing ? 
  i believe you need to pass '' / f '' as well . 
  if it 's an issue with the 24-pin atx cable , i had to route it elsewhere to make mine fit . 
  why are you still using the oldschool amd drivers, 
  dorito machine to feed the peasants, 
  well i did n't have that issue as my case is real wide . 
  b-but blender 's opencl sucks, 
  people raging over potential misinformation as always . 
  nice . 
  in gamers nexus ' review vega 56 with an undervolt , +50 % power target and hbm oc it 's getting around 22k points in fire strike , and at 210w of power consumption . 
  is n't that around gtx 1080 level ? 
  because the knob could n't install the correct drivers, 
  sr-iov is not ** currently ** supported on consumer asics like the rx vega, 
  it might be enabled at a later date . 
  64 gigs of it tho . 
  ryzen still has issues with ram too , my 2x8 kit ca n't reach 2933mhz , which is its rated speed . 
  thats my point, 
  i believe my friend still has a monitor that can do that resolution at 200hz,
