  now we need a steam in-home streaming app for chromecast, 
  that 's such an old card that your only option is to use the open source drivers . 
  they tend to work better anyway , atleast with older cards . 
  note that the open drivers only support up to opengl 3.3 afaik, 
  use expert install, 
  i 'm sometimes an asshole, 
  after 10 years in development , hopefully it have been worth the weight . 
  * realizes i bought ac3 on sale *, 
  is it bad ? 
  it does n't look or feel that bad, 
  change your password, 
  if you need help , feel free to pm me here or add me on steam . 
  i have used ubuntu for quite a while now and know a lot of stuff . 
  got ta love the rocketjumper, 
  you can turn it on in he control panel . 
  i see no use for it other than if you 're used to win98, 
  if you still have control of your email , you can change it back ( atleast i think you can ), 
  i believe they should send you a link to your email that allows you to change it . 
  if not , contact steam support . 
  edit : found a relevant [ link ] ( https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=4988-dhxv-7272 ), 
  anyway , i hope you get your account back . 
  yeah , the only thing that sucks about steam is the shit support, 
  i 'd say 4gb is the absolute minimum, 
  i do n't think it works on newer versions of linux, 
  for some reason i get 2 fps on dx11 and 40-60 fps on mantle . 
  ultra settings , 1080p, 
  limit the framerate to save power, 
  we have mostly old core2duo machines at school that still run perfectly with windows 7, 
  i tried , but i just ca n't stand the video ads ; _ ; when they introduce the tipjar thing , i 'll just use that instead . 
  honestly i 'd rather give $ 1 per video to a youtuber i like than watching an ad ... 
  i think we have some athlon xps at school also . 
  they do n't get used much tho, 
  but windows ca n't beat the customizability of linux :3, 
  a guy from finland here , my internet is not as good but still very good http://www.speedtest.net/result/3680961692.png, 
  i 'm in g + , i do n't understand why people hate it . 
  move out of america/australia, 
  now we need more games that actually use it, 
  sometimes my case fan reading shows 625000 rpm, 
  * tf2 sentry, 
  but does n't aussie internet suck ? 
  that 's what i 've heard, 
  30 $ per month gets you 100 megabit cable in finland . 
  for the first time i feel lucky . _ . 
  my glorious smartphone, 
  i pay 30 $ / month for 100mbps cable and get 99,97 mbps, 
  and oh , i have no data cap . 
  internet-wise i 'm really lucky to be born in finland, 
  brb got ta go buy a second 270x, 
  not bad, 
  wonder if it 's dual-channel, 
  i could use it as a debian webserver, 
  they just want to make smartphones smarter . 
  do you think google would give a single fuck what isheep say ? 
  i do sometimes : i, 
  you 're an idiot, 
  you ca n't be good at minecraft if you play it on a console, 
  wtf , i just saw the same exact model in one of the computers in my school o_o, 
  thank gaben i bought a case with filters :3, 
  it may be able to barely run it of it was optimized . 
  not all cases have it . 
  i hated it too . 
  just try it , it 's not bad . 
  670 for that cheap ? 
  i bought my r9 270x for that price, 
  ubuntu would be the best , but no games really . 
  i 'd use it if most of my games worked on it, 
  admin abuse ftw, 
  dude , do n't get xp . 
  you 're just harming yourself . 
  $ 10 per mod ( if they release any ), 
  simply because it 's outdated . 
  some games and most drivers are n't supported on it anymore . 
  you got ta let the past go and move on to win7 or win8 .1, 
  captain , help d :, 
  more like 15fps 480p ... 
  i believe there are quad-socket amd opteron boards , not sure . 
  i skipped all of them, 
  edit : i just remembered that i have played a little of cod 1 , 2 and 4, 
  is that fedora linux lxde i see ? 
  why the hell are you running 32-bit ? 
  full amd here, 
  interpolation maybe ? 
  i tried playing on my friend 's `` 120hz '' tv , the input lag was real . _ . 
  euro truck simulator 3 confirmed ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  for non-action games and anything that does n't need reflexes , 30 fps is fine imo . 
  nice . 
  i myself like gnome 3, 
  i study in a school with pc hardware from 1990 's to 2014 , i see all kinds of pcbs, 
  i had an 8800gt that i used for a couple of months before upgrading to my current setup , goddamn that thing got hot . 
  it was pretty powerful tho comparing to my other gpus, 
  killing floor, 
  also his ear, 
  samsung makes artillery tanks, 
  what if he/she is an irl friend you trust ? 
  my friend never takes them off , it pisses me off, 
  triple potato, 
  windows peasants ... linux is the masterrace, 
  it 's dell . 
  enough reason ? 
  it 's just like me and my little brother . _ .
