  at wave 8 or so he bought an aa12 , got pinned , died , left . 
  idk about favorite , but my least favorite is one of j\u00e4gerhorns lines when he finishes welding a door . 
  yeah , common bug . 
  is this in india or what ? 
  seems decent . 
  bclk, 
  seen a 750 $ laptop that has an lga1151 socket . 
  when you said portable , thought you meant ones that connect via usb and need no external power . 
  corsair lpx wo n't even touch 2933 . 
  gpu spec wise it 's like an r9 290x, 
  there are some miners that know when you 're idle and only mine then . 
  i had a hyper 212 evo fan bearing fail , it did n't stop moving but the bearing is just noisy . 
  i think nicehash does this . 
  against big zeds yes , against trash it 's the best thing ever tho, 
  looks like the animations are from gorefiend ? 
  comment is 5 months late , but i 'm running a windows 10 vm for testing out insider builds , and it 's really really slow . 
  no idea , maybe they 're just too lazy to optimize for ryzen ? 
  or just running on low settings ? 
  they 're focusing on performance , not looks . 
  i 'm having this same issue , not only with native but also wine . 
  so maybe amd is just copying nvidia in this area ? 
  i think buildzoid once said in a video that all amd reference designs are just overkill . 
  the mobo costs more than what i paid for my ryzen 7 + mobo gg, 
  8 always felt faster to me , people just hated it because muh ui, 
  fuck no, 
  my vote is on http://www.memetest.org/, 
  just much better quality than normal 1080p . 
  there 's a company in finland that makes wooden phone cases, 
  it 's only because the cards are overvolted from factory . 
  with newest drivers you can get the card to run at 1630mhz core , 1100mhz hbm at 1060mv ( 1200mv stock ), 
  they do , but they cost an arm and a leg, 
  ryzen is cheaper now doe , r7 1700 was 400 $ on launch , now 300 $, 
  it 's on par with broadwell , how is it weak, 
  semi-relevant : they make nintendo switch 's soc . 
  agreed , but i 'm just saying it 's possible to reduce vegas power consumption significantly . 
  radeon prorender is excellent though, 
  no u, 
  just use motor oil , just change it every 6000 frames . 
  i saw a titan x ( maxwell ) for 300 $ once , i was pissed i did n't have money for it . 
  why did amd have to ship them with ridiculous overvoltage ... 
  question about hbm2 : does it drop clocks on idle ? 
  i have an r9 nano and it stays at 500mhz no matter what . 
  nope , it was on a finnish site that 's kinda like craigslist, 
  so they drop memory clocks on idle with multiple monitors connected ? 
  my 270x and 290 would stay locked at max speed if i had 2 or more monitors . 
  idk but [ here 's ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1110475229 ) a guide to getting it running in wine . 
  kf1 port is buggy as hell on amd too . 
  i doubt tripwire will force people to use windows 10 . 
  the game only uses dx10/11 , and nothing that 's exclusive to win10 . 
  i ca n't even move the sliders , i 'm on 17.7.2, 
  but kf2 is based on ue3 , implementing dx12 would be useless . 
  so you ca n't stream 1080p + from any source ? 
  what about vpn ? 
  jesus christ those prices too ... 
  enabled that , msi afterburner asks me to restart the app , but restarts my fucking computer instead . 
  thanks msi . 
  their next game will probably use ue4 , which does support vulkan . 
  there 's a high chance their next games will make their way to linux . 
  it claimed to restart itself but instead restarted my whole pc . 
  well it would 've , but i stopped it . 
  and it works fine even without a reboot . 
  that 's stupid . 
  shows me the slider , have n't tested yet though . 
  in finland we have excellent mobile infrastructure . 
  works everywhere ( except in my house because fuck me ) , speeds are great , prices are cheap . 
  i do n't even do that , i just press win + l. 
  what about wine ? 
  trenchgun masterrace, 
  i did the same thing , shame they never added a button in the downloads page for that . 
  i do n't even put it to sleep mode , i just press win + l. 
  mine does n't post at 2933 , but got it working at 2666mhz 14-15-15-15-35 , 1.35 v. 
  corsair lpx , would n't recommend for ryzen . 
  update bios if you have n't done that . 
  put 2 spaces at the end of each line or your formatting fucks up, 
  edit : fixed, 
  almost a year to just get the cpu money back from mining , lol, 
  it 's its idle temperature ^ ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ ^ celsius, 
  my school had acer desktops , and custom built in the ict classes, 
  i have 2 e4300 's in my parts closet, 
  i have a weird mobo , it 's itx but takes mobile core/core 2 chips . 
  it has a core duo t2500 installed in it . 
  but who turns their pc off ? 
  i do n't even put mine to sleep , i just lock the screen with win + l. 
  i leave idle master running too 8 ), 
  leave it doing something , like idling steam trading cards ? 
  incorrect reading or silicon lottery jackpot . 
  you ca n't get a decent cooler for that much . 
  maybe hyper 212 but the stock wraith cooler is on par so no point . 
  man , ssd is the greatest upgrade you can get . 
  samsung 850 evo or adata sp550 are good ssds i have used personally . 
  barely on par with a 212 evo , noisier , less reliable . 
  yeah , that 's about on par with a hyper 212 ... 
  i think they 're in a financial crysis, 
  so kinda like heatpipes work ? 
  i got a little bit higher score by running cinebench on linux, 
  yes, 
  that just means their fans are shit, 
  that 's why i only get noctua coolers ... 
  because it 's one of the most popular games right now . 
  i 'd just like to undervolt one with a custom bios .
