  i just hate how fucking slow nautilus is sometimes . 
  which screen is it ? 
  my samsung worked fine on my old 290 on both fglrx and mesa . 
  i never needed ms office because of libreoffice , and gdrive has been enough for me , so ... 
  i do n't need that much space , and i have no need for ms office ( libreoffice works fine , and i finished my it studies with it ), 
  also i hate ms. \\* tips tinfoilhat *, 
  i think the best ones only work on windows , i 'd just install win7 in vbox or something . 
  ultimaker 's [ cura ] ( https://ultimaker.com/en/products/cura-software ) works though , i 've seen barnacules using and recommending it a lot . 
  i updated and everything works fine . 
  typing this on ubuntu :p, 
  try to fix ? 
  what is the error ? 
  is n't that on 7 ? 
  never had that on 8.1 or 10 . 
  what ? 
  it 's installed by default . 
  it 's still installed , but just not available to use . 
  yes . 
  so we can now play it on linux ? 
  steam controller is nice , but it ai n't perfect . 
  the guy says he 's from sweden but his github name is in finnish . 
  wot, 
  physx is a meh gimmick imo . 
  `` stuff '', 
  nobody else has access to my pc though , so it does n't matter lol, 
  always trust the manual , not a random person on the internet who does n't even know your motherboard . 
  well look at r9 290x vs 780ti ... 2 rivals , but one is massively faster than the other now . 
  i wish samsung added it to u28d590d : /, 
  but will it work ? 
  it 's not available yet in my country . 
  ca n't even use it on my pc . 
  i installed java 7 and 8 this week , did n't get this : i, 
  i installed jdks tho , not jres , maybe that 's why ? 
  anything with intel chipset, 
  always use the newest version , less headache ... 8.1 was painless to install to my laptop , but 7 was a whole day of fighting . 
  exclusives are never good ... 
  limiting consumer 's choice . 
  cool . 
  i personally wo n't use it because of an android app that does the same job :p, 
  [ drivedroid ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.softwarebakery.drivedroid ) , i highly recommend you buy the paid version if you install linux a lot . 
  yup . 
  [ drivedroid ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.softwarebakery.drivedroid ), 
  now 's a good time to do it :p, 
  and that 's why i wo n't buy samsung . 
  if you want a good phone that does n't restrict you , look for a used nexus phone , or any other that allows bootloader unlock ( modern motorola , oneplus , sony , htc ), 
  i have a oneplus 3 , it 's a really damn good phone . 
  [ can be done . 
  ] ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/g4/orig-development/root-tmo-vzw-intl-variants-soon-root-lg-t3164765 ), 
  rip, 
  wow , dicks . 
  it still crashes my steam . 
  oh god , the photos app ... 
  it creates albums from every image it can find from my pc , and tells me every week when it has done so . 
  ca n't be disabled unless you uninstall . 
  people are used to being fucked in the ass all the time . 
  personally i would n't trade working 3d and wifi/lte for freedom , but that 's just me . 
  does this work with amdgpu ? 
  gnome 3 and plasma 5 scale well imo, 
  nano ftw . 
  i recommend you to undervolt it , and possibly lower power limit . 
  i undervolted mine by 42mv and decreased pl by 10 % , runs at the same clockspeeds as stock but a bit cooler . 
  have fun with it tho :3, 
  i recommend getting a new monitor if you 're at 1080p . 
  1440p 144hz or 4k are good options . 
  install sapphire trixx , then just lower gpu voltage with the app . 
  if you go too low , your pc might crash . 
  i did that , it did n't seem to affect much : s, 
  still recommended , as it 's newer . 
  i have a hidpi monitor too but that looks way too big for me ... : s, 
  it maintains a higher core clock if you lower core voltage and/or raise power limit . 
  unigine heaven at 1440p 2xmsaa :, 
  * stock : 905mhz, 
  * undervolted -42 mv : 940mhz, 
  afterburner ca n't adjust core voltage on r9 nano , so you have to use sapphire trixx . 
  edit : afterburner 4.3.0 b4 can adjust voltage, 
  what version of afterburner ? 
  i 'm at 4.2.0 , might be too old ? 
  edit : yeah it was too old , back to using afterburner after updating to 4.3.0 beta 4, 
  it 's only 50mhz downclocked ... 
  but also cutdown power delivery , so ... 
  i see no difference really . 
  only time i 've ever had an unrecoverable freeze on linux was when i tried to play tf2 on amdgpu drivers . 
  i 'd quit using it , but i have way too many friends there who do n't wan na use anything else : /, 
  and my main account got postblocked ( again ) for using a word that starts with f and describes homosexuality ( word is banned in some subreddits so not typing it ), 
  lot of people pronounce it that way , idk why, 
   people asked me if i was hacking, 
  i 've been asked this one time . 
  i was actually trying to fix amd catalyst drivers on arch . 
  it needs a hacker to get that piece of shit to work properly . 
  feels bad that i 've preordered some stuff ; - ;, 
  most of it turned out to be good though . 
  minecraft is a good game , just ruined by a shit fanbase and shit optimization . 
  fb messenger is forced on mobile , so yeah i do : /, 
  performance hit of fxaa , but quality somewhere between 8x msaa and ssaa . 
  if i wan na talk to my friends , i have to :(, 
  r9 nano on desktop , radeon hd 6620g on laptop ( amd a8-3520m apu ), 
  i just wish amdgpu-pro did n't crash my steam ... 
  it 's good enough for any kind of gaming . 
  ... except arma 3, 
  i do n't use a hawaii card anymore , but neat .
