  you could have saved a bit of money by getting one that is n't optimized for oc . 
  have n't seen how it was before , but looks good to me . 
  the fuck, 
  speaking of which , i 'm considering of buying a used macbook pro from school . 
  i already have a gaming desktop and need a laptop only for internet browsing and maybe occasional tf2 when i 'm not at home . 
  fx-8320 + r9 270x, 
  the one my teacher is selling has a geforce gt 320m, 
  tip : you can use tab to complete a path part . 
  example : type prog , press tab . 
  it should complete it to program files . 
  this would be perfect for racing game hud apps , such as [ hud dash ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.barz.hud_dash ), 
  i do n't : /, 
  2x wireless xbox 360 controllers ( with adapter ), 
  logitech driving force ( original from 200x-something ), 
  steelseries kinzu v2, 
  ducky shine 3 ( cherry mx blue ), 
  my little brother is on ps3 for the same reason , but i still built him a pc . 
  he only plays stuff like cod on his ps3 . 
  i ca n't get mine over 4.2 ghz for some reason . 
  it 's at quite a low voltage though , only 1.2 v. 
  bang for buck is more important for us budget gamers than raw performance , 
  mine stays very cool though , never goes over 50c on full load and stays under 40c in gaming . 
  windows 8.1 pro , arch linux , and had os x mavericks , but i broke the installation and waiting for yosemite hackintosh for amd . 
  i 'm mostly on windows because vast majority of my games do n't work on linux , even with wine . 
  always makes me laugh :d, 
  one of the games i enjoy the most , assetto corsa , wo n't even start in wine . 
  if i only played tf2 ( which is my most played game with almost 600 hours ) , i 'd use linux only . 
  now i have a mental image of a guy using a graphics card as a jet ski . 
  i just updated to lollipop yesterday , feels good . 
  according to alienware , yes . 
  i play mobile games sometimes . 
  do n't have a laptop anymore so only option if i wan na play on a train . 
  if you like racing games , go buy it . 
  i have one and it 's awesome . 
  how fast is it even ? 
  my win8 .1 has only lately started bsoding . 
  driver error of some sort and i have no idea what driver it is , so i 'll be backing up and reinatalling windows sometime soon . 
  thank you . 
  i just updated my ducky shine 3 's firmware and it added a new lighting mode and additional media keys  also reduced backlight flicker . 
  if they released a surface with something better than intel graphics , i 'd buy one . 
  i had one . 
  screen broke due to owner frustration . 
  and there it is , the first picture that crashed my reddit app . 
  we build our computers ourselves and have full admin access to them , and even the firewall . 
  as they say , with great power comes great responsibility . 
  now if steam had support as good . 
  and i thought my old 2mbps was slow . _ . 
  and i paid 200 $ ( $ 250 ) for my 270x ; _ ;, 
  was n't pcmr supposed to be mature ? 
  our classes involve both pc hardware and networking . 
  or `` k '' if you 're finnish like me . 
  yep . 
  it 's the 3rd and final year though . 
  the crew seems like a really cool game , and the only ubi game i 'm interested it . 
  i 'll buy it if they do n't fuck it up ( which is unlikely ), 
  my record is only 52 wpm ; _ ;, 
  first one i have tried was android . 
  first one i actually used was ubuntu 10.04 . 
  this case comes with covers for the top fan spots . 
  i just installed ubuntu on my 7200rpm hard drive . 
  everything was done in 30 minutes from installation to updates . 
   fat32, 
  what year is it, 
  assetto corsa is a great game too , and it 's on early access . 
  not related , but i like your username . 
  talking about linux compatibility , it crashed my xorg . 
  i 'm on arch linux with amd catalyst drivers installed and kde as de . 
  goddamn , i ca n't understand why people still buy discs . 
  if i want a disc , i 'll burn a steam backup to dvd-r 's . 
  i think someone here did that and even had cover art for them . 
  in europe , we do n't use fahrenheit at all . 
  atleast my country does n't . 
  that 's really low . 
  macs are pc 's too , they 're just overpriced and come with a different operating system . 
  as someome who played the beta , it probably wo n't be badly optimized . 
  my r9 270x was able to run it at high settings at 1080p , sometimes dipping to 40fps but majority of the time was running at 60fps , which was hardcoded . 
  i hope they remove the cap for brothers with 120/144hz monitors . 
  incognito mode pls, 
  i pay 30 $ / month for 100 megabit : / it 's still good though . 
  i really liked the crew when i got into the beta . 
  i hope the final version is as good as i expect . 
  i have used linux for almost 3 years now , and i got ta say it 's a lot better than windows . 
  if more people would have the balls to use linux , maybe game devs would start porting more games over . 
  all source games work fine , bl2 works well , and all of the indies work perfectly . 
  are you sure it is n't 5 megabyte ? 
  50 megabit ( mb ) is approximately 5 megabyte ( mb ), 
  [ corel aftershot pro ] ( http://www.aftershotpro.com/en/products/aftershot-pro/default.html ) maybe ? 
  it 's in your budget , too . 
  also works natively . 
  euro truck simulator 3 confirmed !, 
  i dare you to click it . 
  ( and yes , i did click it ), 
  inb4 they steal this too . 
  awww shieeeet, 
  i just bought wolfenstein the new order and aoe ii . 
  i could use 16gb . 
  friend of mine bought it yesterday , as he got a coupon for it and only had to pay 25 $ . 
  if he says it 's good , i 'll buy it too . 
  well , it can be the ultimate gaming experience for somebody . 
  like , a poor kid who just wants to play minecraft and ca n't afford anything better ?
