   shoot fireballs, 
  i did n't do that , i mostly froze enemies and shot them with the mib easter egg gun, 
  on linux there still are a ton of issues on amd side, 
  i ca n't believe i actually liked the guy . 
  honestly he used to be funny , way back when he had like 100000 subs , now he just repeats old jokes . 
  why are you using open sauce drivers ? 
  i see no point to it unless you 're richard stallman . 
  when i had ubuntu on my ssd it just skipped the boot animation and went straight into the login screen . 
  specs then : phenom ii x3 710 , 4gb ddr3 , kingston ssdnow 120gb @ sata2 ( pre-nerf ) , amd radeon hd 5570 with open source drivers, 
  i once noticed that my gmod was running at only 70 fps ( normally 150 + ) , i started troubleshooting and noticed that msi afterburner had set my gpu and vram speeds to half what asus set them to . 
  all games ran perfectly even with such low speeds, 
  why ca n't i find any gamergirls : c, 
  i won dirt 3 from the app on the first try :3, 
  ah , that 's a good reason . 
  i had ubuntu on a flash drive that i used in school . 
  sometimes it makes sense to use open source drivers on permanent installations , such as on older graphics hardware , or on apus with shitty cpu side like the e-450 i have . 
  you have 2x faster internet than me : c how much you pay for it ? 
  do you mean creating the usb installer ? 
  you can ask a friend to make one . 
  you could try overclocking your monitor . 
  on nvidia it 's done via the nvidia control panel , amd users need to use [ this ] ( http://linustechtips.com/main/topic/31526-overclocking-your-monitor-refresh-rate-amd-gpus/ ), 
  i have an 8800gt , i could get the cooler if i need the card in some build, 
  lately i 've had only one problem : when updating from stable to beta driver ( ca n't remember which ) , my os did n't boot anymore . 
  thank god for restore points, 
  did n't saints row 4 have a $ 1m special edition ? 
  if it 's great , then yes . 
  but most likely i 'll try it by pirating it first , like i do with 80 % of the games i buy, 
  could i connect a titan z to a 2003 dell i got from my grandpa ? 
  r9 270x is an awesome budget card, 
  i could get a second monitor , so when my brother comes over he can play minecraft on one screen and i can play l4d2 or something with a controller on the second, 
  try it with the instructions on the link , it 's worth a shot . 
  my 60hz overclocked to 70hz, 
  we have played it on my peasantbox , but it has been collecting dust for like 5 months now . 
  * in case it 's not obvious * the second video is a joke , do not wash your motherboard with tap water . 
  first time i disassembled a pc ( it was an old p4 machine ) , i managed to fry a hard drive logic board while reassembling xd, 
  they can restrict airflow though . 
  still i use them, 
  all of them, 
  u f0kin w0t m8 ? 
  try playing tf2 with a gamepad on an underpowered laptop running linux . 
  why emulate when you can run it [ natively ? 
  yay :3, 
  ok , i 'll try it when i get home, 
  does n't matter to me , i never close steam or my pc, 
  i want dual titans , not just for gaming but also for the `` wow '' - factor, 
   asus is missing, 
  edit : i 'm blind lel, 
  on linux , we do n't have drive letters . 
  it makes more sense but can seriously confuse newbies, 
  do n't laugh at his stupidity , help him become smarter, 
  i never turn off my monitor and just let it go to standby, 
  i went full amd myself , i 've had no problems running games on high . 
  i went full amd , but i do n't consider myself as a fanboy . 
  i just prefer amd . 
  i saw a motorboat game running on linux once . 
  it crashed and i saw the glorious tux when it rebooted . 
  minecraft, 
  * video not available on mobile *, 
  nnnnnnoooooooooooooooooo y u do dis ; ~ ;, 
  uh ... why ca n't i select multiple operating systems ? 
  you could do a benchmark, 
  gran turismo . 
  i absolutely love the franchise, 
  sagging is normal for heavy cards , do n't worry . 
  the only card i have heard of where sagging causes problems is powercolor radeon hd 7990 , it included a support bar, 
  just one folder with subfolders . 
  it may sound and feel weird at first but it makes a lotta sense when you get used to it, 
  i can skype with my phone on my tv, 
  fanta or dr pepper , sometimes beer, 
  edit : this is just what i usually drink, 
  mx-4 is said to last 8 years . 
  i have used it only 3 months so idk, 
  meanwhile i 'm trying to convert my little brother with a hd 5570, 
  i have 10 and a 7-port powered hub , i use like 4 ( if you include the hub ), 
  i have 3 drives with total of 7 partitions , all created by operating system installers, 
  gas all the peasants !, 
  edit : sorry if my grammar offended anyone , i have never actually studied german . 
  i 'd like to study it though, 
  since you made an intel theme , would you make an amd one too ? 
  they do n't take that much space , just leave them installed, 
  why are you playing on integrated graphics ? 
  you still need the phenom ? 
  i 'm building a pc for my brother and he would like a better cpu ( current one is a phenom ii x3 ), 
  sorry man , my german is a little rusty, 
  win8 with classic shell ( or equivalent metro replacement ) is ok . 
  i just bought a 8 game bundle for 3,90 $, 
  not even my 8800gt got that high , i had no case fans when i used it, 
  i have only 1/10th of that, 
  but will it run minecraft with shaders ? 
  msi afterburner has n't banned me , and i have been using it for 3 months . 
  still sceptic if i should use sweetfx, 
  just bought it , is it any good ? 
  i meant approximately :p i have 151 games in total , plus some unredeemed keys, 
  you could order a graphics card for you prebuilt , but it may void the warranty of the pc, 
  so dualcore with an amd card would be the best for minecraft ? 
  i like potato chips, 
  all i can code is hello world in unix sh, 
  override it and lock it to 10 fps, 
  how many years has pc been able to take screenshots ? 
  i 'm too young to remember and too lazy to look it up,
