i 'm using cm10 .2 and seems very stable and fast , do n't know about cm11 . 
  i 'll wait for a stable release, 
  should run any modern game , not on best graphics though, 
  i used a heatsink from a p4 compaq to cool my phone when i used it for tethering , it got pretty hot, 
  i got a 140mm fan pulling air from the bottom of my case to my graphics card , keeps it pretty cool, 
  thank god dust filters exist, 
  my pc cost about the same and absolutely destroys that thing ... 
  i 'd build a hackintosh, 
  mine does too but i can still fit a fan next to it ( between the psu and drive cage ), 
  black mesa is a half life 2 mod, 
  i wan na see a peasant trying to overclock his ps4, 
  now amd needs to make a crazy apu for phones, 
  i believe the first pc game i played was midtown madness 2 on my dad 's then-new windows 95 desktop . 
  have n't really touched pc games since , until i started fiddling with old desktops 2 years ago , and eventually building a proper rig recently . 
  ohgawd d :, 
  sailfish and android will run on the same hardware , so what makes you think hardware manufacturers will make sailfish drivers open ? 
  crysis 2 is on sale for the same price on steam btw, 
  i 'm trying to convert my little brother by building him a gaming rig from my old parts , and currently only have a radeon hd 5570 available for him . 
  that card would suit it better, 
  just get a pirate windows 7 ... 
  120 gig ssd has been sufficient for me , about half full atm, 
  even if you 're using linux , it 's still pc, 
  i myself have the 270x and it 's an absolute beast for the price . 
  get one if you can ( requires 2 6-pin pcie ), 
  it 's a webm , not a gif, 
  why have n't i heard of this before ? 
  thx m8 :3, 
  well , that 's more preferable , but games can be very hard to get working on it . 
  yeah , just the regular [ pcie power cable ] ( http://www.playtool.com/pages/psuconnectors/pcie6index.jpg ), 
  i 've been on steam for about 2 years and my library recently crossed 100 titles , thanks to summer sales ( 134 atm ), 
  guess what ? 
  $ 5 chinese cables have the same picture quality . 
  why ? 
  digital signals either work perfectly , or not at all , cables do n't matter . 
  analog cables however ... 
  i currently have windows 8 and ubuntu . 
  if i get another hard drive somewhere i may add os x ( do n't judge me , mavericks looks neat imo ), 
  my mobo does n't even have vga lel, 
  checked on my local pc hardware store , an 8gb flash drive from sandisk costs 3,40 $ ( $ 4,60 ), 
  personally i would get a bigger hard drive and a better psu in case of future upgrading, 
  they removed it on windows 8 , but you can still use powershell to get the rating, 
  furmark for stress testing , 3dmark or unigine for benchmarking, 
  the one you selected is fine . 
  i 'm running a bit better one ( r9 270x ) and i can run almost all games on ultra@1080p . 
  what a glorious feeling, 
  msi afterburner can also prerecord footage . 
  also it supports gpu encoding on amd ( idk about nvidia ), 
  if installing on uefi pc , all you got ta do is copy the files from the dvd or extract from . iso to the flash drive . 
  if on bios , you need a tool to create a drive, 
  aww yiss . 
  i have the asus r9 270x directcu ii top btw, 
  why did i trade my conga taunt ; _ ;, 
  fx-8320 here, 
  [ oh , how i love living in helsinki ] ( https://imgur.com/47ea3lc ), 
  i know , just wanted to inform you nice people about the pricing of flash drives in finland, 
  mine has just 4 : c ( steelseries kinzu v2 , awesome budget mouse btw ), 
  my shitty cisco cable modem almost melts itself :(, 
  mantle is a competitor for opengl and directx developed by amd , and currently 2 games support it , bf4 and thief ( there might be more , idk ), 
  i once had 600 updates on ubuntu , no pic tho, 
  i live in finland , i get 100mb/s via cable . 
  i pay like 30 $ / month for it . 
  i coulda taken their 350mb/s deal but meh ... 
  about twice more , 60 $ / month, 
  pretty much . 
  ironically though nvidia 's linux drivers are better than amd 's, 
  * insert pic of me playing gmod with friends *, 
  you were saying ? 
  tfw only 1 1080p led monitor ; _ ;, 
  have you tried verifying game cache ? 
  right click game  properties  local files  verify integrity of game cache, 
  gets rid of problems usually, 
  i have never got this `` offer '' , it just starts installing for me, 
  really helpful on driving games and emulators . 
  i still got that game , along with underground 1 and most wanted, 
  just watercool the laptop, 
  that 's a workstation gpu, 
  i do n't smoke , so i 'm fine, 
  the open sauce drivers are better lel, 
  if you do n't play games ( or all the games you play work on linux ) , and all your hardware is supported , then go for linux . 
  also , i use windows 8.1 , ubuntu and might install os x too, 
  open source drivers are installed by default , also there 's a `` ppa '' for updated drivers, 
  it would run those games , but the video card is a bit old, 
  survivors gon na get shrekt, 
  you can play games on workstation gpus , but it 's retarded because they cost 10x more, 
  * peasantry intensifies *, 
  the new [ pentiums ] ( http://www.cpubenchmark.net/cpu.php?cpu=intel+pentium+g3220+%40+3.00ghz ) are n't that bad for basic use , around the same level as a [ phenom ii x3 ] ( http://www.cpubenchmark.net/cpu.php?cpu=amd+phenom+ii+x3+710 ) . 
  thought of building my mom a pc with one, 
  we need a fartphone , a phone that gets its power from natural gas, 
  i have a similar pc that used to be a webserver , now it 's down due to lack of visitors, 
  my friend has like 20 of similar cheapshit mouses because they break so easily, 
  age of empires ii ? 
  i remember playing it on my uncle 's laptop when i was like 15 ( 19 now ) . 
  btw i sucked at it, 
  everything in my house is black , except my mouse . 
  stoopid pc hardware store was out of stock, 
  ssd 's do n't give a shit what you do with them , i had one on the bottom of my case secured with blue-tack ( or whatever that stuff is called ), 
  you might get cpu bottlenecked , but it could run some light games, 
  i had 300 updates on arch linux , it took like 15 minutes to download and install all of them . 
  on a mechanical 5400rpm hard drive . 
  my internet is fairly fast tho ( consistent 100mbit/s ),
