  can i flash it from twrp or stock recovery without adb ? 
  i ca n't use adb sideload on windows . 
  edit : i 'm on open beta 9, 
  more performance for free :p, 
  i guess it does n't matter if you do n't plan on using it as a main gpu . 
  why through wine ? 
  does n't borderlands have a native version ? 
  or is it just bl2 and pre-sequel . 
  well i did n't really see that in your post , thought this was going to be a gpu for using and not just testing . 
  rx 460 is kind of bad value though , under $ 80 it 's good . 
  grammer is to hard, 
  i thought it does 20 damage per pellet whereas other shotties do 25 ? 
  still , it 's probly the best starter weapon . 
  i use the faster reload during zed time personally . 
  have they changed it ? 
  could have sworn the aa-12 does 25 per pellet : i, 
  i had that too , it 's windows 's fault . 
  sideloading on linux worked fine . 
  malwarebytes blocked the link : i, 
  when your gpu has the same amount of ram as my system, 
  i know 2x4 and 2x8 work , idk how other configurations work : i, 
  no , it 's hot, 
  not just comcast , but all isps ... 
  tbh stay away from amdgpu-pro until it becomes stable ... 
  i 've had nothing but problems with it . 
  from 16.20 to 16.40 it would randomly crash my steam ( and i have no games in other services ) . 
  16.50 does n't crash steam , but running any unity game makes my pc lock up ... 
  amdgpu and radeon drivers had stable 4k60 on my 290 and nano tho ... 
  you can , if you 're lucky enough to have a suitable card , flash a bios that unlocks the locked away shader cores . 
  i did make sure , i was using xaymar 's plugin . 
  probably just because i 'm too dumb to configure it lol, 
  good ol' athlon, 
  apple updating their hardware ? 
  do n't you think it 's too early for that ? 
  blower coolers are great for cases with shit airflow i think . 
  when the game is properly optimized for both , it is . 
  they do . 
  320 fps on linux ? 
  wtf i 'm getting like 100 with an r9 nano, 
  and half of them will go to miners anyway . 
  that 's my point lol, 
  more raw power i guess . 
  nvidia has been focusing on gaming performance since maxwell . 
  i do n't even know how to install it . 
  wait for ryzen apus, 
  most rx 480 's consume about 125w under load unless you have a really shitty bin . 
  at least if you can trust gpu-z . 
  i think it 's just drm now to keep amd away ... 
  and nvidiots will buy it and defend nvidia in any way possible, 
  only time i notice mine is in loading screens and unigine benchmarks credits, 
  i 'm happy if mine can do 4ghz . 
  yes . 
  frtc, 
  yet . 
  asus is making one :3, 
  friend has them and says they sound good, 
  well yeah , but the wireless functionality is important to some ... 
  my friend likes wireless because he can talk on discord and walk around the house lol, 
  linux usage dropping slowly : /, 
  i7 2600 does n't bottleneck anything ... 
  i wish i knew how to play chess, 
  i have a friend with 7500 hours in tf2 : i, 
  even non-reference . 
  i had an msi model and it was loud af, 
  or do , depending on what you like . 
  does it matter if someone knows your username ? 
  oh right . 
  i was thinking it might be privacy related or sumtn, 
  well most people do n't want a second pc with a console os . 
  displayport masterrace, 
  keep the 3570k , upgrade to ryzen when quadcore models come . 
  besides there are no mini-itx motherboards that support 8350 . 
  do it . 
  the quadcore ( or singlecore if it 's the first one ) is still kinda slow . 
  i just have a macro for that lol, 
  i think dof is the most distracting graphical option . 
  usually i keep light shafts and bloom on . 
  i personally use wired studio headphones because of the sound quality . 
  for mice i prefer wireless though , it moves so much that a cable feels too restrictive . 
  could be unranked ... 
  i ca n't use them so i would n't know . 
   boosted jumps, 
  i use it to find spots in custom maps where i 'm not supposed to get :p, 
  pcmr is n't that bad . 
  it has a lot of cancer but bearable most of the time . 
  i think it 's doable ... 
  i gamed at 4k with an r9 290 for over a year . 
  it was n't exactly optimal , but it was enjoayble , even though i had to drop my graphics to medium/high . 
  edit : why downvotes tho, 
  it 's opengl , are you surprised ? 
  i have almost 500 and same, 
  they only use it if the vram is available , but they 'll run just fine at 4gb . 
  does it lag like shit on amd ? 
  the original still does . 
  nah , it runs fine on windows , not amd 's fault . 
  i 'm sure anyone with at least half a braincell will do that . 
  the guy in the forum works for a tech publication in czech republic . 
  i 'm gon na trust it . 
  the intel employee next door got a heart attack . 
  why 'd they block those features ?
