  bios is always better than software in my experience . 
  might wan na fix the link , current one is a mobile link as you can see from the amp instead of www, 
  edit : ees fixed nao, 
  some offperks i 've used :, 
  boomstick , my usual besides the med ar and pistol, 
  katana , i sometimes pick this alongside the med guns and dbs if we have no zerk to parry fleshpounds, 
  m14 , this is a bit of an odd one but i 've used it open maps where husks can get easy shots , simply to kill those husks, 
  rpg , only on boss wave or when playing cd with one other player , make sure you got smg + pistol for best healing, 
  i do n't mind the game packs , but i do n't wan na buy additional hardware i already have . 
  hey how bout that forum, 
  check reviews . 
  it 's like amazon or ebay , sellers might be scammers . 
  tfw logitech is the only manufacturer making usable wireless gaming mice, 
  my samsung 4k monitor was advertised as 1ms , actual complete display lag was 36ms, 
  each hat in the game takes an extra cpu cycle to process, 
  man , you must be furious . 
  should rather use it for os and get a 1tb sata ssd for games . 
  if you 're a knob , yes . 
  where i live we got ta pay that much per liter, 
  rest in peace woofer, 
  same . 
  i just hate that my asus came in a way thicker box than my old samsung , even though both are the same size . 
  mine had neither , and it was really laggy too 8 (, 
  but hey it was uhd 8 ), 
  ca n't click that shit on mobile, 
  in well threaded games definetely . 
  i live in finland but pay 1/3 of the us average . 
  couple of days ago i had to solo a fleshpound , the last shot from my dbs sent it flying over the little diner next to the truck in hostile grounds . 
  i always giggle when boomstick sends zeds flying , it 's just funny . 
  something like it would be perfect alongside the railgun imo , the spx does n't really cut it . 
  if you take the space off per se , it becomes `` ass '' in finnish, 
  kf wiki does not allow hotlinking, 
  man i have a laptop with an a8-3520m . 
  it could barely play tf2 at 30 fps on lowest . 
  [ related ] ( https://youtu.be/dr7xbj0bdd8 ), 
  i have 150mbps and it rarely goes over 30mbps, 
  or a controller . 
  8.1 is still good tbh , people just bash it for no reason . 
  i 'm fine with google spying on me , but microsoft can bog off, 
  at least google is using that data to make peoples lives easier . 
  maybe to steal a big servers owners account ? 
  idk, 
  it also eats up cpu , which is a huge issue for budget gamers . 
  i used to tether from my old phone a lot , and it got really hot , so i put a random cpu heatsink on it . 
  they make so much money they can afford to do this . 
  still a good card though , between 1050 and ti, 
  i have the same exact ram kit , it only works at 2666mhz in my system . 
  edit : try my settings , 2666mhz , 14-15-15-15-35 timings , 1.35 v, 
  400 dpi is the default , mainly because it 's the native resolution for most sensors . 
  i got around 120 fps when i tried wow . 
  but do you need ultra ? 
  only worthy products from the left cabinet are g4560 and 7700k, 
  the pentium for ultra budget gamers ( amd has no cpu at this price range ) , and 7700k is still the king for dedicated gaming pcs . 
  for everything else you have ryzen . 
  sims 4 is worse, 
  if you actually went and compared high vs ultra you 'd see very little difference in visuals but high difference in framerates . 
  does n't even have vrm heatsinks wtf, 
  it has never hit anywhere near 150mbps, 
  but the best performing consumer cpu is made by amd atm, 
  reusing android names now ? 
  why not test something useful like 3d rendering ? 
  if you 're getting 8 + cores anyway , you 're probably not strictly gaming . 
  in content creation a 16 core amd is way better than 10 core intel . 
  never gotten killed by one yet , even in matches without a zerk . 
  oc to 4.2 ghz and buy a liquid cooled vega , should take care of heating . 
  i think that 's a bad choice , i have a 16 gig kit of vengeance lpx and it only hits 2666mhz . 
  on your way to dust2 to rush b ? 
  the only ac i have is cooling my room at night by keeping the window open because it 's 10c outside ... 
  i think that 's just marketing , 3000 sounds like a more appealing number than 2933 . 
  i do have a fan , but somethings broken in it and it rattles and sometimes smells burnt : /, 
  nope , the whole chip shows as a single cpu even though it has 2 dies . 
  on reddit sync app you can . 
  intel ssd ? 
  i think it 's up to microsoft to fix it , probably easy to fix in the scheduler . 
  windows scheduler can put tasks in only one die if it knows it 's a multi-die cpu . 
  or mazda, 
  kf2 had mlaa hidden in inis at some point but they removed it from the code :(, 
  could n't find shit . 
  at least they did n't block it from being disabled . 
  some countries in eu do n't even have them in mobile data . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ finland ^ ^ ^ ^ masterrace, 
  i have 2 plans :, 
  from elisa , unlimited calls , sms , data 50 mb/s , 20 $ / month, 
  from dna , unlimited data only 150mb/s ( signal is trash though ) , 30 $ / month, 
  guessing gnome is n't compatible ? 
  i 'll be following once i can get the money saved, 
  nice , meanwhile i still ca n't get my corsair lpx over 2666mhz . 
  i 'm sure it 's not the kits fault because my friend has an identical kit and it runs at it 's full speed with xmp profile enabled on his gigabyte board . 
  i think it 's a rare server glitch , one match i had this happen with a crawler for 3 waves . 
  the damage is trash . 
  it 's only somewhat useful if the medic is poor as a supplement for the med pistol . 
  workstation and gaming ? 
  why not something reliable, 
  you do n't exist . 
  just the fact that aios in general are unreliable . 
  why buy a shit cpu then, 
  install gentoo, 
  i have a mobile data router that 's non-portable . 
  needs ac power , has 4 ethernet jacks etc, 
  yesterday i had a lv25 commando ( prolly powerleveled because 40h playtime ) shooting at scrakes and fleshpounds with m16 .
