  one game where freesync does n't work properly in borderless is borderlands 2 ( kinda ironic ), 
  fury works fine tbh . 
  i get 100-150 fps in games where high fps matters , like shooters . 
  i went for a fury because there was n't anything else in the price range at the time , except gtx 980 . 
  and i also upgraded from a 290 , i actually got quite nice gains . 
  / r/fellowkids, 
  because you have those huge-ass butt-buzzers, 
  resolution change . 
  i 've had this too , but reversed . 
  changed from 2560x1440 to 3840x2160 mid-game , every ui element became smaller . 
  this was a year ago though , thought you have fixed it already . 
  [ pic ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/solakkasilakka/screenshot/316747301000457226 ), 
  but did blind rage wash him clean ? 
  whatever it 'll be called . 
  also that one floating text on outpost . 
  in that case , it should reduce your ammo count by 2 , even if you have 1 unused ammo in the chamber when you reload . 
  would be frustrating , but also realistic . 
  i dunno , but it 's a line that the fleshpound says :d, 
  `` blind rage will wash me clean '', 
  i have 16gb 2666 atm , would i get only 2400mhz if i upgraded to 32gb ? 
  only if they also include metrique measurements . 
  it makes no sense for america to still use imperial . 
  it drives all other countries mad when they have to convert on the spot . 
  how am i supposed to know how much 20 inches are in centimeters ? 
  the biggest superpower in the world , still using outdated units . 
  you can put other stuff in them too . 
  i understood the point of your post , i 'm just ranting about how the most powerful country is still using inches n shit . 
  frustrating to watch a tutorial video , for example , and then you have to convert all the measurements to metrique . 
  yup . 
  well i have an awfully old 500 gig wd blue , still working fine . 
  switch is trash, 
  ooh , my old 5570 could play it, 
  iirc 295x2 throttles at 70c to protect the pump, 
  i had an msi 290 and the cooler was trash . 
  86c daily , loud as a reference cooler . 
  what app is this ? 
  ah , i use sync . 
  that 's pretty hot . 
  i 've used 47gb on my phone from the start of this month : i, 
  i could never live with caps . 
  tfw used 47gb data this month on phone, 
  i had same speeds but 35 $ / month, 
  did i get ripped off ? 
  i 'm getting 3mb/s , but i 'm supposed to get 18mb/s ... 
  and yes i know the difference between bits and bytes , paying for 150mb/s . 
  by speaking a language that does n't support cortana . 
  ei perkele , that was easy, 
  where i live , every carrier has unlimited available ( except some smaller one that offers service for elderly people ), 
  it 's decently priced too . 
  i 'm on elisa finland , paying 20 $ per month for unlimited calls , sms , data 50mb/s . 
  and it 's legit unlimited , not pseudo-unlimited like in america . 
  depends which . 
  it sure as hell is better than the igp in fx-4300 . 
  compiz is gay , kwin ftw, 
  we all did . 
  youtube mainly . 
  ca n't use docsis modems with an lte plan . 
  your monitor should have the current refresh rate in the osd . 
  nice, 
  i tried it in 4k like 2 years ago , it crashed every time i loaded a map . 
  1440p worked fine tho . 
  it should match with current fps , roughly . 
  trenchgun is really good , i pick it instead of the boomstick . 
  i believe it can kill a scrake if you can use the fire panic to land headshots , but i have n't mastered that yet . 
  well , if it has a vapor chamber it might be good . 
  r9 nano has a similar sized cooler , higher tdp , stays at 75c under load . 
  it 's not perfect though , but it works . 
  i have a similar kit , only runs at 2666mhz . 
  i do n't have it with my nano . 
  too much hassle for me personally . 
  i just block them per-device ( although i have only 3 lol ), 
  i actually could run the game at 60 fps on launch , at 4k . 
  not on ultra though . 
  the game 's ultra preset is just a lagfest even at 1440p so i drop it down to high . 
  i just have my nickname as license plate . 
  dx12 performance hit is because lazy devs are just slapping it on dx11 games and calling them dx12 . 
  the api has a built-in function for this . 
  it 's fucking dumb . 
  not everyone has win 10 pro . 
  it broke volume control on my usb dac, 
  freesync can be used in borderless fullscreen . 
  ( it 's not perfect though ), 
  the range argument is true still , but the lfc update made it invalid with all 144hz monitors . 
  i have a fury card , freesync works in borderless . 
  not perfect though . 
  what 's superior in gsync ? 
  or do it in a sacrificial pc, 
  like people still keep calling 1440p as 2k . 
  2k is fucking 2048x1080 . 
  i 've owned my 144hz freesync monitor for a couple of months now , it 's fucking great . 
  had 4k before , would n't go back . 
  it 's alright . 
  i own one too , but it 's my spare mouse now cause i upgraded to a g900 lol, 
  yeah , my little brother games on the pc i built for him . 
  ye but i already have adaway on my phone and it blocks ads in most apps . 
  lol it 's ironic cuz i just made a comment about 2k and 1440p, 
  yeah , it 's all marketing wank . 
  whatever your gpu and monitor support . 
  my gpu and monitor do n't support dvi at all so got ta use dp lol, 
  the lar is also decent , but no point in buying it , really .
