  powerpc masterrace ? 
  how do i use ssh proxy on linux ? 
  i use linux at home and school and i 'd like to bypass the over-restrictive firewall . 
  i did n't see the comment . 
  i hear it too . 
  i do n't get a headache tho . 
  yeah , just hook up a x360 controller on a [ gigabyte brix pro ] ( http://www.gigabyte.com/products/product-page.aspx?pid=4888#ov ), 
  iphone ? 
  did n't phenoms have locked cores that you can unlock in bios ? 
  link please, 
  am i the only one here who has uncapped mobile internet ? 
  the only reason i may buy it is linux compatibility . 
  even gods learn from their mistakes . 
  looks like i need some dosh . 
  my home internet 's speed is only half of that : c, 
  sounds like my mom, 
  so it downloads in 2 seconds ? 
  an earthworm went through his pci covers and dug into his processor, 
  depends on what you like . 
  if you like shooters , you got ta use some dosh on killing floor, 
  so it 's more like windows nein, 
  you 're a lucky guy, 
  wii emulator runs perfectly on my pc but ps2 emulator lags like hell . 
  depth of field, 
  windows 8.1 detects ssds and blocks you from defragging them . 
  ubuntu 's filesystem is more sophisticated than windows 's and does n't need defragging even on mechanical drives . 
  on ubuntu , you should also install preload . 
  makes starting programs a lot faster . 
  yeah , trimming is automatic on both operating systems ( windows 8.1 , ubuntu 14.04 ), 
  loads your most used programs in ram at boot time . 
  it causes your boot time to be slightly slower but for example chrome starts a lot faster . 
  more useful when your os is on a normal hard drive but still helps with ssd, 
  [ ] ( #approved ), 
  [ ] ( #denied ), 
  i have a phenom ii x3 710 that i 'm giving to my brother . 
  technically it 's the best browser , but it still has a very small userbase . 
  same with linux . 
  i finally bought the damn game , time to see if it 's as shitty as you guys claim . 
  i 've seen worse games . 
  i did n't even look at poster 's name and immediately knew it was nukeclears . 
  no , i do n't . 
  but i have seen it beat chrome and ffox in benchmarks . 
  imagine if a pigeon would bring you weekly game updates on a 128gb flash drive :d, 
  new amd opterons have the pins on the motherboard, 
  last one was socket 478 iirc, 
  they no longer sell them there . 
  go to / r/microsoftsoftwareswap, 
  i live in finland and we have 350mbps plans . 
  i have no idea , fron those stores only amazon delivers to my country , so i order from local stores . 
  my locals allow to cancel orders , so idk . 
  the no longer sell windows keys there , go to / r/microsoftsoftwareswap, 
  i dunno , brother, 
  my old phone idled at 87mhz ( 832mhz max ), 
  i remember reading that 270x crossfire is cheaper and faster than a single 280x/290x ( in games that work with cf , of course . 
  3dfx ftw, 
  they claimed that they have fixed it . 
  my mark is so hardened it has lost feeling . 
  once i used it to hammer small nails . 
  the pc i built him is n't the most powerful or the most beautiful but it plays cs go at 80-100 fps . 
  parts :, 
  cpu : amd phenom ii x3 710, 
  mobo : asus m5a78l-m lx, 
  ram : 2x4gb kingston ddr3, 
  hdd : 1tb wd green, 
  gpu : radeon hd 5570 1gb ( will upgrade ), 
  psu : cooler master b500, 
  case : some old prebuilt i had laying around . 
  a laptop , because nothing else available atm . 
  thanks . 
  he will be taking the pc home today ( i live alone and he spent the night here ), 
  all of them were my old parts . 
  and oh , i also installed the beefier cpu cooler that came with my fx-8320 . 
  you should see mine . 
  i have one as a server , but mine has a 2,66 ghz singlecore and 4gb ddr2 . 
  mine does it too , it might just be because of high i/o throughput . 
  ( my cpu usage stays below 20 % when it happens ), 
  sudo cat / dev/null  / dev/sda, 
  apparently also works on phones . 
  i held 8 fingers on the screen :d it made my g2 lag . 
  how come there are so little amount of 8-core cpus ? 
  i thought fx-8xxx series sell really well ... 
  wut , i have seen a ton of gaming pc 's with an fx-8xxx cpu, 
  it 's actually a great game . 
  specs in my steam profile , link in flair . 
  bf4 on ultra with mantle : 40-50 fps, 
  metro : ll on high 50-60 fps, 
  far cry 3 on high 60 fps, 
  anything else on highest settings 80 + fps, 
  i have reliable internet without caps and i still download porn . 
  that 's just filthy frank, 
  [ hah ] ( http://youtu.be/i8ju_10nkgy ), 
  i think it does . 
  i got an unused dell oem copy of win 2k, 
  that 's how automod responds to the word `` convert '', 
  preordering games , especially ubisoft, 
  the graphics are too good !, 
  now i ca n't enjoy the story !, 
  potato chips . 
  yup, 
  r9 270 also has fewer shader cores .
