  it sucks . 
  eh , i went for the cheapest version . 
  lmao i did the same with my build, 
  you should get an ssd and an rx 550 . 
  wait , you 're telling me we should n't gas the peasants ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  potat cpu , that 's why . 
  what you 're comfortable with . 
  in kf2 i use 15 , some pros use 7-10, 
  i know , but still do n't get it . 
  ahh , i do n't know us stores lol, 
  you should n't get an fx ... 
  if you want amd , get a ryzen 5 1400, 
  600p is a budget nvme drive , in certain things it loses to sata ssds . 
  just lewd, 
  you need another computer or a rooted android phone . 
  on a windows pc , use rufus or unetbootin . 
  on a linux pc , use dd ( very carefully ) . 
  on android , drivedroid . 
  only 4 cores , low clockspeed . 
  bluetooth would make more sense . 
  the linux port was never designed to run on amd cards . 
   mag fed ( but does n't benefit from tactical reload ), 
  it does benefit from it , at least has . 
  it clearly reloads faster on support . 
  ayy i did the same upgrade . 
  my mobo , ram and gpu are n't as good tho . 
  it has shitty response time , do n't buy for gaming . 
  as someone with this exact setup , no . 
  you 're good . 
  you should n't always trust the spec sheet . 
  edit : also i misread , thought of the u28d590d . 
  i owned one , it had terrible response time . 
  onwards , glorious steed , to kill some bloody pikies . 
  i 'm just warning people because my old monitor , according to tftcentral , had around 36ms response time . 
  do n't waste ammo on small amounts of small zeds , like 3 clots , especially on the first round . 
  one melee bash can quite easily kill them . 
  if there 's more and you 're low on ammo , use the knife . 
  \\ # is a number , can be 0-32, 
  it 's not that good looking , but hope it helps . 
  you can also try ` pp_jimenezmlaa_color `, 
  they both are very inefficient , and there are better postprocess aa 's available , such as smaa . 
  no , but there 's mlaa with ` pp_jimenezmlaa ` and ` pp_jimenezmlaa_color ` . 
  there should be ... 
  ehh it 's not that big, 
  why not ? 
  one of the best aircoolers . 
  yeah but our performance has ryzen too , so can you complain ? 
  this is like a 2-part remover . 
  part 1 makes the thermal paste into a liquid ( insanely good for dried paste imo ), 
  part 2 is prolly alcohol and cleans residue of part 1 off the surface . 
  yeah but it 's still one of the best aircoolers . 
  quiet , cools well , very reliable . 
  i bought one instead of an aio for those reasons . 
  an unoptimized hat store . 
  you can change that . 
  so thats why i got those artifacts ... 
  thought my uv was unstable, 
  that 's a tiny ass mousepad . 
  great mouse tho, 
  laggy piece of shit like firefox , and locked to one os . 
  not the best browser . 
  chrome is faster and works on any os . 
  \\  keeping steam games on c drive, 
  what port is that ? 
  s-video ? 
  just get a oneplus 4, 
  implying samsung doesnt do that, 
  this almost happened to me with nvidia codeworks installer . 
  it generates a . bat script to delete the folder where it was installed , it glitched and selected my d : drive . 
  never had an issue with ram usage , and i do n't care if it stays on in the background . 
  never had issues with pdfs either . 
  you should be able to change it from system settings . 
  i have an amd card and an asus mg279q , gnome settings allows me to change it . 
  do you want it to be good , or rushed ? 
  one can not have both . 
  give them time . 
  that 's my dick when vega finally drops, 
  no , i just never had any issues with chrome . 
  i did have issues with edge however . 
  it 's laggy just like firefox , and does not work on all of the operating systems i use , just one . 
  yeah . 
  amd needs to have a card that 's good on launch , and even better over time . 
  not shitty on launch and amazing a year later . 
  you need a good gpu , cpu , and shaderpack . 
  sildur 's vibrant medium is a good compromise between fps and quality . 
  would n't call it slow , just low end . 
  very little games properly use physx , not worth it . 
  hopefully they will use it now that flex works on amd . 
  3820 is a weird chip . 
  multiplier locked i7 on an enthusiast socket . 
  yes, 
  ca n't rush important things . 
  like being good enough for vr , and 2 of them slightly beating a 1080 in select games ? 
  yeah those are still valid . 
  still laggy in my experience . 
  i do n't , do n't need it . 
  g900 is better . 
  i keep mine at 1000hz rate and same lighting always . 
  i do have some game profiles though .
