  21 and living on welfare : c, 
  yeah i 'm still in that one . 
  talal ( and other admins ) is actually a pretty chill guy . 
  it 's still the fastest browser , even if it grabs all your info . 
  i could change to opera , but too lazy : c, 
  i have a friend who uses arrow keys in every game . 
  newer chipsets dont have onboard graphics . 
  source : i own an asus m5a99x r2 , no onboard graphics . 
  / r/androidmasterrace, 
  what resolution are you playing at ? 
  ca n't see on mobile . 
  glorious . 
  do you have antialiasing on ? 
  i 'd turn it off , not really needed at 4k . 
  i get random freezes on firefox all the time , and it has problems playing 60fps/4k video : /, 
  settings ? 
  mine are a mix of high and medium , getting 30-50 fps on my single r9 290, 
  i 'm using waterfox on my laptop , freezes all the time as well . 
  64-bit firefox on linux ( well , iceweasel since i use debian ) does n't have nearly as much freezes . 
  op on vitun homo : -------- ddddddddddd, 
  will try . 
  edit : damn , it actually plays 4k video smoothly o_o, 
  i 'm trying normal firefox on the side , it freezes completely when viewing a youtube video . - . 
  ( not even 1080p ), 
  trying to build sailfish os for it , but i feel like i 'm too stupid to do that : /, 
  a mobile linux os developed by a finnish company, 
  it 's just debian running steam big picture . 
  i 'd just install legit debian . 
  how do i get free stuff like this ? 
  i wonder if it gives me a boost if i recompile mesa to my architecture ? 
  tried with - o3 , firefox got a tiny speed boost . 
  edit : did n't get any framerate boost in games : c, 
  i used jetstream benchmark , but i did n't get a significant boost ( less than 1 % ) . 
  not really worth the time to recompile , but i 'm bored and nothing else to do , so just trying what i can do :d, 
  besides my room is cold , so i got ta warm it up somehow . 
  brb , building libreoffice . 
  my mom has a fiesta . 
  god it 's slow : /, 
  fun thing , unigine heaven thinks that my r9 290 has 256mb of memory . 
  i see you 're using an amd card . 
  may i ask which driver you use ? 
  ( catalyst or radeonsi ), 
  could you use something else than archive.is ? 
  it 's not available in finland . 
  nah , it 's just amd 's linux drivers being crappy . 
  edit : i 'm using the open source radeonsi driver , because catalyst is an unstable and buggy mess . 
  my knockoff xbox 360 wireless controller adapter requires me to install drivers on windows every time i plug it in . 
  on linux it just works , it automatically uses the xpad driver . 
  the steam version does support linux . 
  some games have that for whatever reason . 
  but i can see psychonauts in my linux library , and it allows me to install it . 
  i 've played it before , works just fine . 
  edit : steam page shows steamos logo now :d, 
  should have a line like this : opengl core profile version string : 4.1 ( core profile ) mesa 11.0.3, 
  i got a friend with 7000 hours soon . 
  nice . 
  i do n't recommend installing catalyst anymore , it 's a bugged mess . 
  something broke in the newest version , it lags like hell in desktop use when you use linux kernel 4.1 . 
  dual boot . 
  if you use an nvidia card , you 're fine . 
  my secondary rig has a core duo . 
  i did build my pc in computer class as well . 
  had a phenom ii x4 , 8gb of ddr3 , and a gt 610 . 
  total beast compared to rest of the class . 
  brought a hd 5570 from home and used that for a while in the pc . 
  misclicked on the last question though :p, 
  i feel like i 'm the only one who likes fxaa . 
  seriously , it looks just fine at 4k . 
  i do prefer 2x msaa though . 
  mine is a 32-bit , dualcore mobile chip , installed on a desktop motherboard meant for industrial use . 
  do n't see that every day . 
  i have a 17 '' tv as a secondary monitor . 
  ca n't game on it , terrible latency . 
  32-bit supports 64gb, 
  those buttons are standardized . 
  i do n't expect them to change them . 
  in the agp days it was possible , probably not anymore : /, 
  i didnt ' t need a 4k monitor , i wanted one . 
  if op wants a 1tb ssd , he shall buy a 1tb ssd . 
  amd 's open source linux drivers work really good . 
  sometimes better than their windows drivers even . 
  65 \u00b0 c is quite warm . 
  probably not . 
  my brother has an old phenom ii and a 270x , 500w psu handles it just fine . 
  do you really need catalyst ? 
  i 'm using an r9 290 with radeonsi , gaming performance is just fine . 
  what card ? 
  hmm ... 
  i 've personally had more issues with catalyst with my 290 . 
  there 's a bug that makes gpu usage go to 100 % for no reason , preventing me from using my desktop at all . 
  mesa 11 made tf2 stuttery for me : /, 
  2160p 60hz welcome here ? 
  24gb here . 
  usually i reserve half of it to a vm i use for stuff . 
  building android, 
  i get 150mb/s without a cable :3, 
  \\* press shift + f12 for dropdown terminal *, 
  pkill -09 $ game_process, 
  i 'm using only lte, 
  supercocked,
