  no wait , that 's 2 things . 
  whatever, 
   graphics drivers support, 
  tfw amdgpu-pro still crashes steam on my system, 
  friend has crazy tearing on his laptop , and shitty performance . 
  running mint cinnamon, 
  enable [ tearfree ] ( https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/intel_graphics#tear-free_video ), 
  you 're not . 
  one can install a custom rom without google apps . 
  i 'm dependent on google services :(, 
  almost all phones can be rommed . 
  fdroid has enough apps for most . 
  all i want is a 3440x1440 144hz freesync monitor that does n't require me to sell a kidney . 
  i still ca n't type with either of those : /, 
  i managed to play minecraft with only 256mb allocated . 
  4 chunks is the max it could handle . 
  quick edit : alpha can run on 128mb tho, 
  i do n't think lxde is good for touchscreens . 
  available in finland too . 
  now i need someone to use it with me : /, 
  i have a uhd monitor right now , but it has no freesync , and samsung does n't wan na release an update to enable it even though the hardware could do it : /, 
  samsung is reluctant to update products . 
  i know this from their phones already lmao, 
  tfw talking on discord rn, 
  no better alternative : /, 
  i do n't feel like hosting my own server , and the ui is worse . 
  some early access games are good . 
  i want it in my desktop, 
  i just want tons of threads, 
  idc about color, 
  idc about usb 3 +, 
  i can get a usb dac, 
  i got a decent cooler already, 
  / r/linuxmasterrace, 
  i 'm sure any distro can read ntfs and exfat , unless they 're bitlocker encrypted or something . 
  i can see all of my win10 files on linux, 
  physically or just win10 derped some driver ? 
  arch linux and ubuntu 16.04 . 
  your old-ass version could be the issue lol, 
  basically sli for storage . 
  all i want is a decent tablet/laptop hybrid that can run linux without fighting for 20 days with drivers ; - ;, 
  what cooler did you have before then ? 
  asus motherboards have been reliable in my experience . 
  gpus too , the 270x i gave to my brother runs at 75 \u00b0 c max and is dead silent . 
  i have a dell monitor and it 's decent . 
  / r/linuxmasterrace, 
  linux support ? 
  if it works , do n't fix it . 
  athlon happened, 
  i use one and it 's fine ? 
  tfw paying for 150mb/s but hardware can only do 100mb/s and getting 25mb/s, 
  i got an x1600 working on 8.1, 
  i 'm happy with my nano : /, 
  because smart people know what 's better . 
  dumb people stay on shit because they 're used to shit . 
  ( like my friend 's dad ), 
  kmspico is bae, 
  but it worked, 
  you could just ... you know ... not use this garbage, 
  i 'd like the tablet with proper linux support : /, 
  all of these chipsets seem to only get android support . 
  well i watched shadowsigyn 's stream just fine yesterday on chromium ... 
  did n't have pepper flash installed . 
  how hot and loud does the nano run ? 
  making a device do something it 's not supposed to is classified as hacking imo . 
  i dunno i just opened the stream and it worked fine, 
  there 's one song i found that would trigger `` ok google '' . 
  bit annoying :p, 
  i had one of these . 
  got it for free from a friend , used it for a few months until i could afford a better pc . 
  i got one for free 3 years ago , so yeah ... 
  mine 's undervolted the same amount , no oc , power limit -10 %, 
  quite quiet . 
  people downvoted you because they do n't know what rooting means in australian, 
  so arm tablets wo n't be useless now ? 
  but if the apps download after being bought , ca n't you easily stop the download or delete the apps ? 
   use less power, 
  iirc amd reports total board power , nvidia only the core . 
  when you factor in the memory 's power usage , i think they 're about equal . 
  i forgot but it 's some thrash metal song . 
  and i do n't have anyone to tell me this :(, 
  i 'd make a joke about arch breaking on update but it has never happened to me so meh, 
  been on ubuntu for like 2 months just to get faster updates to amd drivers : /, 
  can it cool a 290x ? 
  ye but not updated fast enough, 
  you need linux-headers ... 
  sorry about that, 
  bought it even though i 'll never play it . 
  just like the 380 other games i have . 
  but is it coming to the oneplus 3 ? 
  celsius ? 
  i 'm not a fan of this solution, 
  but it 's true that ios is better optimized ... : /, 
  i think cyanogenmod is awesome . 
  even if it has bugs occasionally , they 're usually fixed quick . 
  and oh , how else could a galaxy s2 run android 6.0.1 ? 
  20 $ / month , unlimited data , calls , sms, 
  i love finland, 
  why do people not just ... 
  ya know ... buy international models ?
