  my mom bought an iphone but she ca n't figure out how to save photos to icloud, 
  tbh windows is quite a trash os ... 
  it makes no difference for me . 
  i watched ign 's killing floor 2 release livestream , and they actually played on pc instead of ps4 despite it being available on that . 
  finally learning ? 
  the guy kinda sucked though . 
  i keep missing linux features when i boot to windows . 
  most of the ones i play are available , no complaints . 
  tried deleting all config files ? 
  is the g502 good ? 
  maybe i shoulda bought one instead of spending 200 $ on a g900 lol, 
  well your card was originally competing with the gtx 680 , which later became the gtx 770 ... 
  yes, 
  yes, 
  i 've been using freesync for a while now , and it just works : i, 
  just turned it on in monitor settings , and radeon settings , worked flawless ever since . 
  they 're too busy nerfing firebug, 
  never touched enterprise stuff , but i 'm sure such solutions exist on linux . 
  maybe, 
  ha , they do n't have power where i live . 
  freesync does n't matter to me in fps games , i just tend to leave my fps uncapped in those . 
  it helps a lot in aaa titles though . 
  keyboard upgrade next ? 
  yeah . 
  i play it a lot so making it load faster is good . 
  i wonder if it runs linux, 
  the monitor is clearly running at 144hz , as seen from the monitor 's osd : i, 
  it just seems like mutter or whatever is the compositor of gnome , is capped at 60fps when running on wayland . 
  144hz tn if you play fps, 
  75hz ips for story games n shit, 
  45-50 fps at 4k high , 60 at 1440p ultra, 
  i go with rrrlr, 
  i think it might be a modded map , so no chance of playing it unless sony allows modded maps . 
  on round start : rrrlr, 
  2048x1080 144hz monitors exist ? 
  the game is on pc too . 
  why not just get the pc version ? 
  also you can just download a ps2 bios , although that 's not exactly legal ... 
  pwm controlled leds . 
  and mine 's in german layout , shitty quality , and the c key fell off ... 
  yeah . 
  i 'd recommend asus mg279q , although it 's kinda pricey and some people have an odd vertical stripe issue with it ( i do n't , ymmv ), 
  nah fam , reference hd 7990 has that title . 
  shoulda phrased better . 
  i wonder if i can install linux on it . 
  the gpu for true slav, 
  * drinks vodka *, 
  because everyone totally needs an i7 to be part of the master race . 
  do i need to add an / s ? 
  ca n't kill clamely 's children at 30 fps . 
  is this available without os , or with steamos preinstalled ? 
  i can install one anyway , and it 's not limited to just the browser . 
  i do n't think it matters at early waves much , as only trash will spawn . 
  there should be at least one big zed killer at wave 3/4/whenever they start spawning though . 
  i had one but threw it away :(, 
  it only happens for some people with some gpus , mostly fury series . 
  it 's still a good monitor , i recommend it . 
  if it has the fault , return it i guess . 
  i 'd love a handheld like this with a qualcomm snapdragon chip ... maybe an sd800 . 
  i 'd love if the flex features worked on amd cards ... : /, 
  never gon na see those beautiful fluids i guess . 
  used to be terrible , nowadays it 's acceptable even though performance is lacking and there are some bugs . 
  getting better all the time though . 
  that driver makes steam crash for me . 
  maybe . 
  msi makes nice coolers for gpus , but their pr team is retarded . 
  settings -  radeon additional settings, 
  brings you to a screen that looks like ye olde catalyst . 
  no i threw that away too . 
  i never really noticed the latency : i guess i 'm just used to it . 
  and personally i do n't think the latency is that much of an issue . 
  to me high latency only bothers if i 'm playing on pc . 
  oh look , more useless bloat into messenger . 
  and to think i was considering buy an xbox one s just for forza ... 
  but the cards still need power , do n't they ? 
  tfw 64gb non-expandable, 
  nope . 
  0.1 % of this sub cares, 
  you can block the overlay that appears when you have an adblocker , but not permanently because it 's name is randomized every time you visit . 
  bring back the hsg-1, 
  cooler master should make a successor to the hyper 212 evo , and call it master cooler . 
  i have no couch or a big tv : /, 
  tldr smaa is magic and every game should use it, 
  did n't pewdiepie run a gtx 760 for a long-ass time ? 
  maybe nvidia gave him one early , as a sacrifice to a god . 
  try overclocking to 4.4 ghz , my 8320 could handle that with a 212 evo . 
  overkill is the best kind of kill . 
  but there are 8, 
  me too . 
  the amount of configuration options is crazy . 
  asus mg279q, 
  but it only runs on windows , and i do n't want to use windows ... 
  what, 
  only corsair products i have are ram : /, 
  need some rgb lighting here , my room is so-dimm . 
  need nvidia doshworks , cuda accelerated dosh physics . 
  and make sure we amd users get shafted again . 
  i got 400 hours and do n't have all the hoe achievements , or even maxed every perk : /, 
  i think it 's 1xp on normal and hard , 2xp on suicidal , 3xp on hoe . 
  go to monitor settings , system setup , and enable usb charging .
