  nope , it just shoots up to 100 % regardless ... 
  does n't do that if i set power limit to 0 % , but then clockspeed will throttle . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with networkmanager ... 
  it 's easy and works , albeit slow at times . 
  and i 'm here like : tfw no gf, 
  who cares about compact . 
  it 's gon na be on the floor/desk anyway , and i do n't think most people are that starved for space . 
  tfw sleeps with pc turned on because it 's so damn silent, 
  hd xx90 cards were dual , like 7990 . 
  tn looks fine imo, 
  i thought it was the opposite . 
  i 've always hated their closed down junk phones . 
  you should try amd stock cooler and tell me how much it does n't bother you . 
  too bad the red team cards scale better in multi-gpu . 
  nope . 
  r9 380 should do well , even for more demanding games . 
  probably because they have to solder the ram on the mobo ? 
  and i thought i overpaid for my 16gb kit . 
  paid 150 $ for it . 
  yeah , most have a mips or arm chip in them . 
  even 1080p looks like shit to me , so used to 4k . 
  i 'm on mobile , and i got adaway installed ( / etc/hosts blocking ) , did n't get any ads or that notification . 
  never had issues with nm , pa or sysd . 
  i 'd prefer a false alarm than getting my expensive car stolen and not recovered . 
  friend of mine was kinda forced to upgrade . 
  msi gtx 780 let out the magic smoke and did n't chooch no more . 
  he was so furious after that . 
  does n't work on linux in my experience : /, 
  my old laptop has 3gb . 
  my older laptop has 512mb lol, 
  nvidia 's reference cooler is fairly silent tbh . 
  fury lineup can easily play 4k 60fps ... my r9 nano handles gta v on very high settings like a champ . 
  still cools better than r9 290 reference cooler . 
  there 's very little difference between pastes , it does n't really matter . 
  i do prefer mx-4 myself though , no curing time . 
  why do people hate the eon wrapper thingy ? 
  it performs very well , even on amd drivers . 
   we need some games that use it, 
  talos principle , although it 's still a wip . 
  idiots think that kali is meant for everyday use . 
  why . 
  only for ubuntu ( for now , at least ) . 
  shame , wanted to try it : /, 
  i had a similar issue with steam overlay . 
  whenever i would go to a site with flash content , it would alt-tab my game . 
  solved by uninstalling that useless tumor that still hangs around for no reason . 
  you can automate root checking too . 
  maybe it 's rated for 1866 ? 
  reinstall windows . 
  or linux , if you wan na give it a try . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  gets dirty ? 
  dx12 and vulkan will save you . 
  xbmc . 
  edit : oh yeah , also autism simulator 2009 . 
  i prefer watching people argue and laugh my ass off . 
  nvidia supports wayland now ? 
  i like systemd , and i 'm just a dumb user . 
  but it 's still a dualcore , and a lot of games already do n't work well on dualcores ... 
  have n't finished yet :(, 
  i 'd like to have an old powermac . 
  would n't modify it though . 
  maybe if one 's gpu is crappy . 
  would n't this be classified as fair use ? 
  this game is n't that demanding . 
  my r9 nano can play it at uhd 60 fps , most settings on very high with the exception of grass and post fx . 
  and msaa turned off , i feel it 's unnecessary at this kind of resolution . 
  anisotropic filtering affects performance ? 
  i never saw any performance impact from maxing it out . 
  bugged . 
  sell it and get a 1440p monitor . 
  270x will have no problem playing stuff like csgo at 144hz . 
  also , i 'd recommend an r9 390 if you upgrade . 
  minecraft, 
  do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior , r9 390 ? 
  tfw no 144hz, 
  instead i got 4k : ^ ), 
  does n't work lele, 
  i can understand disabling defender , but good luck not getting a virus without uac . 
  i thought it only bricks it on certain crappy mobos ? 
  recompiling openjdk with certain cflags made minecraft run a ton faster . 
  ca n't remember what it was , something that tells it to prefer 128-bit precision instead if 256 . 
  what, 
  vulkan port pl0x, 
  you got ta twist it . 
  am4 could be lga though . 
  friend borrowed his laptop , got vac 'd in css . 
  i never managed to successfully compile chromium i think : <, 
  [ here 's ] ( https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/safe_cflags ) some safe cflags you can try btw . 
  it was ` - mprefer-avx128 `, 
  hmm . 
  try erasing cmos ? 
  basically resetting uefi/bios settings . 
  also , what version of windows ? 
  fury x can handle 4k though . 
  people turn off their monitors ? 
  i do n't even turn off my monitor . 
  i just press win + l and they go to standby mode . 
  borrowed it to a friend . 
  then why ca n't i see any performance difference ?
