  looks like a fractal design define r4/r5 with a sticker, 
  kaby lake is only an upgrade to those who overclock a lot ... 
  the super-rich do n't use quadcore garbage, 
  still shit , and anyone who wants to overclock one past 4.5 ghz will delid . 
  nano is a great card , although loud . 
  been considering installing an aio on mine but i ca n't find information which ones fit : /, 
  early rumors said they will release 8-core first , then 4 and 6-core after a month or 2 . 
  i think the apu lineup will have dualcores . 
  30mbps hevc video looks so good you would n't know if it 's compressed or not . 
  well i ca n't help you with that : i, 
  the rx 480 can record at 50mb/s hevc though , which is pretty much lossless . 
  tfw 420 games but plays adcap and killing floor 2 daily, 
  there 's probably no psu that could handle that either . 
  7 nanos only need 7 8-pin pcie cables . 
  i think the ak12 sounds good : <, 
  the sa80 sounds like shit though . 
  i usually run ar + shotty until boss , when i sell the ar and get a rpg . 
  unless we have enough big damage dealers , then i stick to ar + shotty . 
  live for speed under wine . 
  i tried to flash a rom on my galaxy xcover without a custom recovery . 
  somehow i permabricked it . 
  and to top it all off my friend did the same ... 
  they can split those modules , because there will be 6-cores too ... 
  i convinced my friend to buy an amd card when he needed an upgrade . 
  he was willing to spend 200 $ , only cards at that price point were r9 280 , 285 , and gtx 760 , so i told him to buy an r9 285 . 
  i think the card was faulty because he got only half the framerate he was supposed to in every game . 
  now he just says something negative about amd every time i say anything about computers . 
  i was complaining that certain mods lag my pc ( some cpu heavy btw ) and he immediately just said `` amd sucks lole '', 
  mlaa works in all games , but it might make your ui blurry . 
  imo it looks better than fxaa though . 
  but they do . 
  it 's called [ relive ] ( http://www.amd.com/en-gb/innovations/software-technologies/radeon-software/gaming/radeon-relive ) , it 's integrated into the aforementioned control panel too so no gfe-like bullshit . 
  there was nothing i could do to my xcover . 
  pc would n't pick it up , and the dongle that 's supposed to force a samsung phone into download mode did n't work either . 
  completely hard-bricked . 
  and about my g2 , i do n't even use it much now : / it has cm13 installed ( although an official snapshot instead of self-built now ) , just a spare phone now . 
  sometimes i feel like i should . 
  he used to be cool but now he 's just annoying and full of himself . 
  i wish sony would allow us to install another os on a ps4 ... 
  but i guess it wo n't happen unless they find a way to prevent piracy . 
  there was a bug in f-droid ( 3rd party app store for android ), 
  if you only entered a space in the search bar , it 'd crash . 
  well i have a headphone dac/amp on my desk so that 's kinda useless for me ... : i, 
  preapplied io shield is neat though , never forget it again . 
  i tried to play tf2 at 1080p on a 8800gt , ran at like 30 fps, 
  i have that same gpu tho , ran hl2 on it at 1280x1024 , got around 60 fps on highest settings ( shadows on medium tho ), 
  nope . 
  my pc does n't even have a windowed sidepanel , and i reduced the brightness of the rgb light on my g900 . 
  only question . 
  why the fuck is 8x af considered ultra when it has very little impact on performance vs 16x ? 
  so will this help crossfire and/or dx12/vk multi-gpu ? 
  some people actually got doom to run on linux , through a compatibility layer called wine . 
  90 % of windows performance on an amd card . 
  with no optimizations and a hacky job to get it running . 
  amd ryzen will be great tho, 
  my brother has an fx-6300 and a cheap asus board i bought second-hand . 
  it throttles at stock clocks . 
  ( not thermal throttling , it 's cooled by a hyper 212 evo ), 
  overclock it enough and it 'll bake anything, 
  i 'd love a laptop with a quadcore zen apu with decent igp . 
  most of the people who say `` sorry for my english '' or similar , usually have better english than native speakers . 
  \\  tfw natives ca n't tell you 're from your, 
  freesync works through hdmi, 
  interferes with another extension i have : /, 
  it was always possible to get them separately on linux . 
  when you play with low tree quality in 7 days to die, 
  \\  not buying an nh-d15, 
  i got a 250 $ gift card to a pc shop last christmas . 
  i guess it 's something . 
  most drm is just bullshit . 
  why do i need kaby lake or amd zen just to watch 4k netflix ? 
  linux community can do anything , even reverse engineered drivers for nvidia cards . 
  forza horizon 3 is great tho, 
  i thought evga coolers were great ? 
  i 'm guessing $ 600 max for non-ref models, 
  i 'm guessing the place was noisy as shit anyway so a couple of fans ca n't hurt more . 
  i prefer to have a huge tower , even though i bought an mitx gpu ... 
  do gigabyte boards have good compatibility with linux ? 
  i know asus does , which is why i 've always bought from them . 
  what 's wrong with killer nics ? 
  never had one . 
  i thought they 're made by qualcomm which makes great wireless nics ? 
  i just wish there was a software for modern logitech mice like g900 ... 
  was n't complaining , but it 's less than op : i, 
  i 'm happy with it , saving it until amd ryzen comes out . 
  as long as gimpsync generates money , they wo n't use freesync . 
  rx 460 will be a good upgrade from igp . 
  i recommend you also try the unlock to 1024 shader cores . 
  personally i 'm waiting for zen apu laptops though . 
  fellow linux user ? 
  cool . 
  i only use linux occasionally on my desktop , even though i can use it very well :(, 
  and to offer a more affordable alternative to people who care for bang for buck ... 
  so cheaper mobos all around ? 
  stop saying sorry for my english . 
  your english is fine . 
  yeah why, 
  \\  using msaa in gta v, 
  that 's in the us . 
  try finland .
