  and also gimped the pcie lanes on the 8-core model , and l3 cache on all chips . 
  i do n't , as you can see from my flair . 
  some of them are grown men with actual income . 
  one dude has a 6950x and 4 gtx 1080 's . 
  it should still work, 
  cheaper , can handle higher mounting pressure , more robust pins . 
  nah dude , it sounds epyc . 
  the benefit is that your wallet does n't start crying, 
  yup . 
  i 'm just wondering , why is logitech called logicool in japan ? 
  or , ya know , just make both of them good . 
  which is what they 're doing right now . 
  i 'm definetely buying vega . 
  only reasons why you 'd ever want a pasted ihs are :, 
  1 . cost, 
  2 . solder on small dies are prone to cracking , but this is n't the case with huge dies on 6 + core chips, 
  i 'll bet intel 's reason is # 1 . 
  he did once publish a video of him playing gta v with 4-way gtx 1080 . 
  msi afterburner overlay was on , all gpus utilized . 
  that 's what they claimed about the u28d590d too , but in reality it 's so laggy you ca n't game on it . 
  \\  basing experience on a 9 year old product, 
  i once saw a titan x maxwell for 400 $ . 
  i was fucking pissed because i could n't afford it : /, 
  this subreddit has it 's own fair share of cancer . 
  i still have an athlon xp, 
  you ca n't believe how many anti-amd fanboys there are . 
  install windows first , then network drivers from that disc if windows does n't detect your nic automatically . 
  i do n't think it matters when you 're using ln2 . 
  try overclocking a 7700k with any decent air/liquid cooler . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  did intel respond to his video ? 
  i have a dell copy of win2k, 
  35-90hz by default , but you can change it to 35-110 or 57-144 . 
  custom driver or with cru . 
  amd ryzen is extremely hard to get over 4ghz . 
  luckiest ones got theirs to 4.2 i believe . 
  which intel ssd ? 
  intel 600p is way worse than any other nvme ssd out there . 
  how much is that in communist, 
  tfw cortana is n't available in my language, 
  use a better app then ? 
  osiris : new dawn ? 
  it 's buggy trash with overly persistent enemies, 
  tfw i completed adventure capitalist, 
  so that 's where the only am4 itx board went, 
  that means your fans are shite, 
  fx can handle up to 80 , but stability goes down over 60c . 
  aida64 stress test fills up your ram . 
  press enter twice or put 2 spaces at the end of each line, 
  they do support ddr3l, 
  content creators and developers can utilize tons of cores too . 
  it 's a niche usecase but it does exist . 
  it 's a dual polaris 10 card . 
  i use actual headphones . 
  beyerdynamic dt770 pro 80ohm through smsl m3 . 
  notice the color ? 
  blue on amd means it 's for professionals . 
  and that 's why we 'll be stuck with games optimized for dualcore cpus for like 5 years . 
  i had an m5a99x , loved it . 
  really solid motherboard and did n't cost much . 
  why would n't you want your oc to be on always ? 
  install the modified driver and you get 57-144hz range . 
  iirc patriarch is voiced by zynthetic , would n't be surprised if he did other voices too . 
  medic ar , medic shotty , medic pistol , that 's how you get the most heals . 
  once you hit lv 20 , medic ar and pistol are enough . 
  i carry those + dbs and katana . 
  nope , there 's multiple models from 10 to 16 cores . 
  amd highend cpus for enthusiasts and content creators . 
  wifi card or msata ssd , idk, 
  my modem has wifi lul, 
  no , i just have one box that does everything . 
  your original comment was misleading . 
  that 's adaptive sync, 
  because displayport ca n't handle any more than that . 
  i 'm having the same issue with my freesync monitor . 
  usually vsync fixes it but that 's not an option in first person shooters . 
  your comment implies there 's only a 16-core model . 
  that 's how i understood it . 
  perhaps . 
  like it matters lul, 
  i 'm guessing it 's just vesa adaptive sync ? 
  it was originally a part of edp standard for this exact purpose , but amd went and used it for gaming . 
  i still got a passively cooled model . 
  great games lmao, 
  that 's just single core turbo . 
  i want one just because ppc, 
  i have one as well , i might post it here since i do n't need it . 
  function over form . 
  why d14 instead of d15 ? 
  aios take less space , but aircoolers have similar performance , better reliability and acoustics . 
  what cooler ? 
  that clock and voltage should be fine on the stock cooler . 
  at least 3 years , probably even more . 
  realized it 's in my motherboard box , which itself is under a pile of junk : <, 
  i really do n't wan na dig it out from there . 
  how 's your fan curve ( s ) , and do you have good airflow in and out of the case ? 
  i 'm interested in one . 
  might get a 1060 miner card for cuda . 
  i just want a 1440p 144hz ips monitor with a good freesync range, 
  why not ?
