  he owns 2 960 evos . 
  ugh , there are a lot of tutorials online . 
  just google `` windows xp on android '' , should find some easily . 
  basically it 's just emulating x86 on your arm cpu , kinda slow but works . 
  we never finish anythi, 
  you could 've just booted a linux usb and copied the save to google drive or something . 
  got ta check if mine 's enabled . 
  you 'd be right . 
  already have sata ssd and 16gb ram rated for 3000mhz . 
  bigger ssd then ? 
  edit : boot times do n't concern me , but mainly usability like if i 'm multitasking with tons of io going on . 
  i think it was dead . 
  he posted about a month back how he killed the imc by using it with ddr3 . 
  2 mins 12 seconds . 
  2x8gb corsair vengeance lpx 3000mhz , running at 2666mhz due to bios limitations . 
  edit : with 16x16 tile size it took 1:27, 
  so biased benchmark , nice . 
  tfw i never shutdown mine, 
  i had a gpu with this cooler and it was loud and hot : i, 
  is n't the medic ar already similar ? 
  final loadout for me is medic pistol and medic ar . 
  might add offperk weapons , like dbs , and katana if team lacks a zerker ( can parry a fleshpound so nobody takes significant damage ), 
  skills , either all left or lrlll, 
  80ohm model works perfectly fine on onboard audio . 
  source : i own a pair, 
  this is only for nvidia users i guess ? 
  lmao when i was studying ict our teacher let us do whatever we wanted after we finished work, 
  usually i browsed reddit and annoyed my classmates, 
  i never used f.lux , do n't see the point : i, 
  kde has always been kinda buggy for me : /, 
  i prefer gnome 3 . 
  \\  not buying wd, 
  \\  complains about unreliability, 
  are they decent ? 
  i might replace my brother 's old wd green with one . 
  in terms of looks , yes . 
  but when it 's a mouse cable , fuck no . 
  g900 masterrace, 
  now 's a good opportunity to learn how to lap a cpu . 
  if it breaks , no biggie , get a replacement from ebay lol, 
  it never caused this kind of issue for me : i, 
  i ca n't get over 2666mhz on mine :(, 
  i have n't tried their ssds either . 
  might get their nvme ssd tho, 
  it 's buggy , and does n't support 144hz properly . 
  things crash for no reason in my experience , and also the compositor refreshes at 60hz unless i turn it off . 
  um , i did use that exact card on arch linux some time ago , worked fine . 
  have fun when you lose security updates, 
  fake switches, 
  you have an amd card , might wan na wait until vega release . 
  that 's when they 're supposed to release better drivers . 
  the first 2 should run in wine . 
  vr game will probably get support once steamvr is stable on linux . 
  last time i checked , it needs a 980ti to run at 60fps on low settings . 
  you do n't even need to compile it . 
  there 's an app called lutris , they have precompiled the proper wine version for ow . 
  my dad likes linux . 
  he has been quite happy with ubuntu since i sold him a laptop with it installed , has n't had major issues with it . 
  he already hated microsoft tho , so the transition was easy lol ( that 's why he did n't buy me an xbox when i was a kid ), 
  have fun in 2020, 
  thinking linux is hard is so early 2000s, 
  wifi is one of the annoying things on linux . 
  but do n't blame linux , blame broadcom and realtek . 
  if you bricked an install with steam , you 're an idiot . 
  is this pc master race or windows master race ? 
  j\u00e4gerhorn and scully literally killing the floor lel, 
  you can still run 3 or 4-way , but it 's not supported by nvidia . 
  like 2 years ago ? 
  it should still have support . 
  well i have n't used it , and i can sleep just fine . 
  i do keep a light always on when i use my pc tho , that might help ? 
  wtf is the linux recommended specs, 
  10000gb storage lmao, 
  open source radeon drivers definetely still have support ... 
  so do i. 
  intel and atheros should work oob . 
  ca n't remember what others there are . 
  version 0511 on asus prime x370-pro . 
  most have realtek chipsets , so you still have to complain to them . 
  corsair vengeance lpx 3000mhz 2x8gb kit . 
  ( afaik same as reviewers got ), 
  you think you disabled them , but in reality they 're there just to make you feel more comfortable while they steal your data . 
  it 's like you had a gun with a safety switch that does n't do jack shit . 
  most likely some software interfering . 
  that has happened to my friend so many times . 
  he still has n't learned that scrakes can kick down doors . 
  killing door 2 . 
  * welds door *, 
  tighter than a duck 's arse, 
  would be nice as an alternative to the deagles . 
  maybe let sharpy use deagle ( s ) with crossperk ? 
  100 % , on a 27 '' 1440p monitor . 
  give them a sharp mustache so they can cut you by headbutting, 
  the descent map is kinda stuttery , but have n't noticed anything in other maps . 
  maybe his flair is in d/m/yy like europeans use . 
  my prime can run 2666mhz : /, 
  still not higher tho , maybe i bought shitty ram . 
  is n't it 8000mhz ? 
  4000mhz seems low . 
  fuck that 's a nice find then .
