  also they 're for vms , one per machine . 
  kill zeds and heal himself, 
  it 's nice how ms cares about pc gaming and all . 
  protecting our eyes from too high framerates to we do n't feel sick / s, 
  look at random reads and writes . 
  could be imbalanced fan . 
  mg278q , or mg279q, 
  low latency usually tells you . 
  ryzen 7 to 4.7 ? 
  no fucking way . 
  i have a 1440p 144hz monitor and it 's an enormous upgrade from 1080p 60hz ... 
  edge can use vp9 decoding ( which is what youtube uses ) on nvidia cards , chrome ca n't . 
  that 's odd because freesync works below 30 fps : i, 
  i thought gsync was superior ? 
  gran turismo . 
  fractal design define r5 ? 
  i own one . 
  it 's a bit on the heavy side , but works fine for gaming . 
  i have a g900 and it 's excellent for gaming . 
  just keep your phone away from it when playing games . 
  quick edit : also own a g602 , it 's great too but little heavy . 
  that 's the first thing you should always try lmao, 
  vacuum cleaner / s, 
  ducky or das keyboard, 
  bits or bytes ? 
  i get 5-6mb / s , and that 's just because i 'm limited to 50mb/s . 
  play on mobile data then ? 
  i 've done so for 2 years and it 's fine . 
  400 dpi , 10 ingame sensitivity in killing floor 2, 
  group policies tho, 
  my friend did 3x ssd raid , it 's a pain . 
  my kinzu v2 has issues with scrollwheel , would n't recommend . 
  i own g602 and g900 , both work fine well over 3 months . 
  das keyboard 4 professional is what i 've been looking at . 
  mine 's just a black box . 
  unless you have a m. 2 sata drive . 
  wtf 70c idle , did n't know it 's that bad . 
  i had a 8800gt that idled that hot lmao, 
  about the same performance , but 1600x is more power efficient and cheaper . 
  as long as you cool it well , it wo n't fail anytime soon . 
  maybe because they 're smaller ? 
  also missed that . 
  see if disabling gsync helps ? 
  because capitalism, 
  i recommend playing with south koreans or japanese . 
  i hope this `` very soon '' is n't in valve time . 
  what do you mean unfortunately ? 
  i have the game but it refuses to download on linux . 
  amdgpu-pro ( or it 's follower ) will still be the choice for professional work , hence it 's name . 
  who ? 
  as an european i 'm amazed and sad of how greedy your isps are . 
  where i live , unlimited mobile data is n't even a selling point because every carrier has it for cheap . 
  they do n't even charge for tethering ffs . 
  do not update bios from windows . 
  please . 
  yeah they do . 
  i was impatient though and bought mine separately lmao, 
  i just use a b-spamming macro like you . 
  works fine . 
  iirc you used to get keys in ea but it was a glitch . 
  i have privateinternetaccess vpn . 
  just tried connecting to their japanese server , and it seems to work . 
  i can see japanese shows and did n't complain about using a proxy . 
  i tried it on my phone though , not sure if it 'll work on pc . 
  well you can see my comment there so yeah . 
  why do n't they just use linux for that ? 
  incompetence ? 
  but why do you need windows for such a simple task, 
  buying an r9 nano instead of saving another week for a fury nitro, 
  i got an fx-6300 in a server , it does that job fine . 
  a big budget is a budget too . 
  see where i 'm going ? 
  plus , afaik it does n't come with any game optimization profiles like fglrx comes with , or crimson drivers on windows . 
  fuck facebook . 
  for me it 's mainly the fact that gnome wayland is hardcoded to run at 60 fps . 
  but why . 
  i never had such issue with both options on : <, 
  maybe it 's your headphones/speakers fault ? 
  i have a similar kit . 
  same story , only 2666mhz . 
  i wish stores would put a limit to how many cards one customer can buy . 
  maybe 2 per customer . 
  gaming is n't the same as displaying a couple of videos or pictures . 
  why would you write a system for such an overkill os . 
  you could easily do all of that on linux lmao, 
  i have a laptop with first gen a8 and a decent gpu , it ca n't play any modern game because the cpu is so bad . 
  on windows , one way to check is to find it in task manager . 
  if it 's 32-bit , it says next to the process name . 
  if it 's 64-bit , does n't say anything . 
  1440p 144hz is only really useful for first person shooters . 
  if you play singleplayer games mostly , go for 4k . 
  trust me , i 've had both . 
  ( sold 4k monitor to get 1440p 144hz ), 
  little tip for hard coop : heal eachother . 
  it heals instantly , and always to full health , whereas healing yourself does it slowly and only about 75hp . 
   amd is bad on linux, 
  go back to 2012 . 
  i recommend getting a 4k monitor , if productivity and singleplayer games are your main focus . 
  no , it 's asus 's solution to get xmp working on amd . 
  ms office is n't mandatory , libreoffice does the same thing .
