   running off its reputation at this point, 
  like arctic silver, 
  really odd . 
  i never had such an issue on any bios version . 
  i use mx-4 as well , even though it 's not the best . 
  i think thermal grizzly is the best one , friend always recommends that . 
  it is enough . 
  and they never fixed those issues in the g933 . 
  those are in 2015 , so still outdated as shit . 
  amd drivers have made massive improvements in 2016/2017 . 
  did n't you make that patched libdrm that allows one to install amd 's proprietary vulkan and opencl ? 
  i used it myself , it was fucking great , shame i ca n't get it working anymore . 
  mg279q is all you need . 
  the framerate makes my eyes hurt, 
  yes . 
  it 's great at killing trash and/or crowd control . 
  mwg can be great if some people fucked up and there 's multiple raged big zeds . 
  panicing zeds  zeds chasing you, 
  there was an article that tested old drivers vs new ones but i ca n't find it , and now i look like a liar . 
  nice . 
  that 's weird , because i 'm on win10 pro and group policies stopped updates : i, 
  it does nag about them , but it has never installed them automatically , or even downloaded . 
  i 've never had windows telling me anything about chrome , but i 've had windows ( re ) install candy crush , twitter , and some other apps . 
  is this because i use win10 pro instead of home ? 
  i did , for forza ... :(, 
  do n't blame me , i just love racing games . 
  no need for directx12 when we have vulkan . 
  there 's basically zero overhead , as you 're just passing through a gpu to the vm . 
  wine has made a lot of progress . 
  it can play witcher 3 , overwatch , and gta v now . 
  not very well yet though , but it can . 
  performance is bad but they do run . 
  i 'm guessing all you play daily is csgo/dota anyway , on which case 100 % of the games you play run fine . 
  i hope this shit does n't get through , because i know it 'll come to europe too ... 
  finnish isp / mobile carrier dna 's ceo has said he 's interested in this kind of thing ... 
  edit : found [ source ] ( http://www.is.fi/taloussanomat/art-2000001871074.html ) ( in finnish ), 
  if this shit goes through in the us , it will come to europe too . 
  edit : i know about the eu law now , you can stop telling me, 
  i 'm probably going to switch my lte modem to elisa once my contract with dna ends . 
  dna has absolute garbage speeds where i live , i 'm getting 20mb/s max , paying for 150mb/s ... 
  man , so slow and bad you double commented . 
  10gb for steam would allow you to download 1/6th of an average aaa game lmao, 
  i 'm still pretty scared . 
  or a vm with a dedicated gpu , if you got the hardware . 
  i 'm hoping adobe ports their apps for linux when the usage % goes high enough . 
  i mean , they have mac versions of everything ( ? 
  ) , not like it 'd be hard ... 
  was not aware of that . 
  thank god it exists though . 
  * triggered *, 
  i think she 's cute : c, 
  i 'd love to use it still . 
  i ca n't use amdgpu-pro as it needs linux 4.9 , and my cpu is new and requires 4.10 . 
  i believe it needs a specific , [ patched version of libdrm . 
  without it , it wo n't work . 
  you do n't need a wheel for it . 
  still better than the us if you ask me . 
  when i lived in helsinki i had 100/10 megabit , paid 30 $ / mo for it . 
  in the us you have to pay over double , and it 'll be capped . 
  i believe in vaasa , finland , there is gigabit for 45 $ / month . 
  i wan na move there kek, 
   ryzen for streaming, 
  wise decision . 
   intel 600p, 
  not so wise . 
  i 've heard a lot of bad things about it too but i 've had no issues with mine . 
  and my gpu is slower than a 1070 ... 
  updating through os is more dangerous than through bios ... 
  heavy is prettiest princess, 
  not really, 
  i was in a gamestop a couple of weeks ago ... 
  wtf , 60 $ for ps4 version of assetto corsa ? 
  i got the game and all dlcs for less than that ... 
  it 's just that it 's half the speed of 960 evo , which does n't cost much more . 
  it is still faster than sata though , so meh . 
  you 're happy , that 's all that matters . 
  before creator 's update it used to push 16.5 i think . 
  it 's a meme you dip . 
  works with an / etc/hosts file too . 
  asus m5a99x ? 
  i believe one of my online friends have completely unlimited data on cricket . 
  he has shown me screenshots of his data usage , like 300gb per month lmao, 
  it 's `` delidded '', 
  you probably did n't plug the power cable all the way in . 
  for me , i do n't get downclocking on windows at all , but on linux it works normally . 
  nice i had the same one, 
  finland ? 
  i 'm on elisa , 20 $ for unlimited data , sms and calls , 50mb/s, 
  it does n't seem to work for me :(, 
  all vulkan applications just segfault . 
  installed it , but all vulkan applications segfault :(, 
  my modem only injects messages about firmware updates . 
  you forgot to censor the chat message in first pic :p, 
  how does one do a p-state oc, 
  i have the asus prime x370 pro, 
  my friend did that on a 5820k and worked flawless . 
  open source ftw, 
  did i ever tell you the definition of insanity ? 
  r9 nano , 4.11 ( arch stock ), 
  does it segfault on launch ?
