  so it 's all for power savings ? 
  i have a 9400gt in one pc i never use . 
  runs linux quite well tho , kde effects run fine . 
  it also has a weird 32-bit dualcore cpu :p, 
   app for rooted devices, 
   1-star reviews complaining it does n't work, 
  marvelous, 
  tfw i ca n't even run sli for 2 reasons, 
  if you get a better experience with more ram , it 's fine to me . 
  those vacuum cleaner engines doe, 
  motherboard , and i dislike nvidia, 
  next time get a laptop with intel or qualcomm ( atheros ), 
   i do n't really want to pay $ 200, 
  there are other ways to obtain it , ya know ... 
  instead of bookmarks , i just do n't close the tab . 
  and that 's why i have 24gb of ram , bois, 
  google music too , noice, 
  edit : can not login because i have 2fa turned on , rip, 
  another edit : you can get it working with [ app-passwords ] ( https://security.google.com/settings/security/apppasswords ) , noice, 
  explainpls, 
  i do n't listen to music from youtube because the audio quality is almost always shit, 
  google play music is n't the best either , but a whole lot better than youtube ... 
  but they work out of the box , so ... 
  i 'm gay, 
  but it also blocks profits for the sites you like . 
  he has a shit cpu and did n't wan na wait for shit to compile, 
  if it was n't there , your game woulda crashed in 1 minute . 
  there are deals for sapphire r9 fury on mindfactory.de btw, 
  horrible optimization on amd, 
  i own half of one, 
  durr amd is power hungry, 
  linkpls, 
  my op3 has worked fine, 
  not everyone needs that . 
  i 'm in europe and it has worked fine . 
  yup , lte working fine . 
  i live in finland , ca n't remember what bands we use but it 's getting fine signal like my lg g2 did . 
  carrier is elisa , if that matters . 
  edit : checked , and elisa uses bands 3 , 7 , and 20 . 
  it 's working fine even though it should n't ? 
  most people just use the sd card for music , photos and video . 
  i stream my music and videos , and do n't take much pictures , so i 'd be fine with 32 gigs lol, 
  oh , i thought there was just a chinese and international variant . 
  my bad then . 
  290 works fine , not sure about 390 . 
  should work the same , as they 're the same core . 
  friend of mine said wayland is shit . 
  i dunno why she thinks that way , i think it 's nice . 
  he has nice hair, 
  cpu does n't matter much at higher resolutions . 
  i had a hard time seeing any difference going from an overclocked fx-8320 to my current cpu . 
  but in the inside , it 's still shit . 
  just a bunch of dicks, 
  my phone can charge my other phone, 
  seriously , i tried it . 
  failed to mount it as mtp tho , shame . 
  i 'm a fish too and i need a new pc, 
  does ram bandwidth really matter ? 
  in finland , i do n't think there is a single internet plan with a cap . 
  only the lowest end mobile plans have caps . 
  carriers limit tethering ? 
  what 's wrong with putin ? 
  most manly president, 
  i had 100/10 for 30 $ / month when i lived in helsinki : /, 
  i could n't live with 10gb a month , i use 6 times that on my phone alone ... 
  living without him would be unbearable . 
  in finland , none of our carriers limit this i believe . 
  neither dna or elisa have ever complained to me about excessive tethering . 
  i basically use this shit as my home internet , but that 's because our dumbass cable companies do n't provide service in my area . 
  friend has a 250 , works well . 
  iirc amd reports tbp , and nvidia reports tdp . 
  this means that amd reports every component on board ( including memory , which can use quite a lot of power ) , and nvidia only reports core . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's true , but i heard this somewhere : i, 
  yeah ... 
  i really wan na go back to arch because amdgpu-pro does n't work properly even on ubuntu . 
  steam crashes after a random interval from startup , and what good does a better driver do if your game launcher does n't work ? 
  open source drivers from padoka ppa have worked very well , but i miss pacman . 
  time to get a new case ? 
  i think mine could have reached that , but never got to test it : /, 
  got her to 4.7 ghz at 1.368 v tho, 
  that 's a really low-end motherboard , i would n't trust it . 
  does that work for amdgpu driver too ? 
  my card does n't support the older radeon driver ( gcn 1.2 ), 
  danks m8, 
  still got ta figure out how to wipe a btrfs subvolume without affecting other volumes tho . 
  i just let ubuntu create a single btrfs partition with 2 subvolumes , idk how to wipe /, 
  so buy a new power supply ? 
  evga 500b should be good enough . 
  i ca n't have a cat , i 'm allergic, 
  if you ask me , ability to breathe beats cuteness, 
  i think mine is like 2200 $ including peripherals . 
  this includes monitors and a 300 $ logitech wheel, 
  futureproofing ? 
  also power supplies are more efficient at certain loads ( usually 60-80 % of max wattage iirc ), 
  he stole them from leafy, 
  what if i wan na do crossfire and/or overclocking ? 
  bought civ v complete even though i 'm probably too dumb to play it, 
  i 've always wanted a tablet just to use gnome 3 on it : /, 
  you 're limited to 4 in crossfire . 
  in compute tasks like this , the limit is 8 iirc,
