  does this mean amd cards should get in stock soon ? 
  have you ever owned an nh-d15 ? 
  it 's completely inaudible on idle with a proper fan curve . 
  well i ca n't hear it , so it 's inaudible . 
  i 'd still put a heatsink on the cpu : <, 
  which gpu is this ? 
  leather version is horrible in the summer . 
  source : i own one, 
  speaking of this , i know an easy way to get rid of the smell of ass sweat from it . 
  pour on baking soda , let it sit for an hour or so , vacuum it off . 
  i 'd love one just because ppc, 
  dragon dildos on the wall, 
  freesync too, 
  it 's not 2k . 
  2k is 2048x1080 . 
  radeon what ? 
  can confirm , it even runs well on linux . 
  bad idea imo , fury is still a beast of a card . 
  naaaaaaaaaa just colored aluminium, 
  it would improve performance actually , because the card will run at higher clockspeed . 
  at least my nano does , goes from 800mhz to like 900 with a -42 mv undervolt . 
  yeah no thanks , rather spend that on a 1080ti ... 
  if you mean anything over 2048x1080 , yeah . 
  fuck photobucket, 
  i do n't mind because i play the game he does anyway . 
  i found a logitech office keyboard for 2 $ once, 
  like the firefly ? 
  dea thadder . 
  you 'd think a small copper heatsink would transfer the heat more efficiently to the oil , right ? 
  u wot, 
  liquid metal paste would n't fix that ? 
  same . 
  neet life is getting boring tbh, 
  \\  just updated to 17.8.2 yesterday, 
  \\  new version today, 
  cmon gim me a break d :, 
  i do n't own the game so i guess i 'll skip . 
  previous updates fh3 improvements are noice though, 
  integrated audio on my asus prime x370-pro . 
  was using an smsl m3 but it may have broken ... makes crackling sounds . 
  as for audio server , i think i 'm using pulseaudio , afaik that 's what gnome uses . 
  if it 's for compute , why is there an sli bridge ? 
  do n't buy that mobo . 
  its ram compatibility is complete trash . 
  hope it never becomes good at mining . 
  why would you need windows for that , especially when phoronix is a linux news site ... 
  i 'm very positive that it87 driver has support for it . 
  i had the same issue on my x370 board , temp sensors were n't detected . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://github.com/groeck/it87 ) the git repository for it87, 
  nvidia spymobile , if they spot you using an amd card they 'll send a hitman . 
  it was even worse at uhd ... 
  vega ? 
  proper fanatec setup or is a logitech dfgt fine ? 
  you might have a miner malware . 
  also put 2 spaces at the end of each line to get better formatting . 
  graphics settings too high . 
  i 've had some system crashes when the cpu has been under high load for a long period of time , like a long blender render . 
  cheapest vega 64 in [ finland ] ( https://www.jimms.fi/en/product/show/132565/rx-vega-64-iron-8g/msi-radeon-rx-vega-64-iron-naytonohjain-8gb-hbm2 ) is 700 $ ... 
  really ? 
  i wanted to buy a gtx 1080ti from there ... 
  there 's a lot of things not working in vega as of now , crossfire is the least important imo, 
  you will hit 144 fps in any game where it matters . 
  nope , just 10 mins of p95, 
  the one during gaming ? 
  i think it 's msi afterburner with rtss, 
  my mobo has rgb but case has a non-window side panel so it 's useless : /, 
  it 's really weird though , the crashes only happen in blender scenes that are also memory intensive , and it does n't do it immediately but freezes for 1 sec at a time , like 5 times before it freezes completely . 
  it 's cheapo corsair ram , you 're probably right . 
  i ca n't even get it over 2666mhz : /, 
  at what clockspeed ? 
  mobo simply does n't post if i put it over 2666mhz . 
  well i 've tried increasing soc voltage and looser timings , but did n't help either . 
  yes please , rgb is useless trash, 
  it also loves downgrading amd drivers, 
  is n't the naga epic wireless ? 
  my friend has one and constantly curses how bad it is . 
  function over form . 
  that 's why i bought a non-windowed define r4 . 
  instead of a window it has sound insulation . 
  or even more silent of a pc with insulation . 
  i 'd love the mk23 , especially if it has high ammo capacity . 
  latency is n't the issue for my friend . 
  make sure the install media is properly created , try if disabling secure boot helps ( ubuntu supports it though ), 
  hot, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ oh ^ ^ ^ ^ wait ^ ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ ^ not, 
  what about the special edition ? 
  i have the same mobo . 
  thankfully it could be turned off . 
  too big tbh, 
  how much would this help at 2666mhz ? 
  i use about that much on my phone ... 
  you can set a minimum framerate in the inis . 
  i use this to keep my fps up in kf2 . 
  no , it starts skipping certain video effects once fps drops below set minimum . 
  turn up your anisotropic filtering to 16x , it makes zero difference in fps on modern cards but has a huge impact in quality . 
  i was able to charge my old lg g2 with my new op3, 
  no i just ca n't be bothered to connect to wifi . 
  also because it reserves bandwidth for game downloads etc, 
  get an adapter ? 
  an ssd should n't require drivers,
