  powerline adapter . 
  i have to use mobile data daily . 
  at least it 's unlimited so not so bad . 
  sync here , always loads the webm instead of gif . 
  try a 120/144hz monitor once and you 'll never want to see a 60hz screen again . 
  your works wifi is worse than my mobile data then, 
  hopefully new rewards . 
  what i want is a quick way to see a person 's playtime even if their profile is private . 
  there 's actually a server that kicks people who have a private profile . 
  i guess , but regardless , i think a $ 1000 + laptop should have a 120hz screen . 
  seems like it . 
  older cpu . 
  chinese mining farms are buying thousands . 
  that 's odd because my card does n't crash in blender . 
  something 's fucky . 
  well at least amd will have money for more r&d . 
  so will there be a completely open source opencl implementation someday ? 
  i 've been using amdgpu-pro packages opencl in conjunction with mesa and it works beautifully . 
  overclocking ryzen disables downclocking entirely , unless you do a p-state oc . 
  probably not very skookum . 
  catalyst has been abandoned long ago . 
  unfortunately no . 
  [ boris ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-8gswzqdbm ), 
  those are old as shit though . 
  you 're gon na have way better performance with mesa drivers . 
  besides , fglrx does n't support any polaris chips . 
  well i mean , all of intel 's consumer cpus are just xeons that failed to pass tests . 
  good enough for consumers . 
  i liked sniper elite games , have n't tried 4 yet . 
  i got bored and checked around in the linux drivers , i could n't find any firmware files ( which are required for the card to work ), 
  maybe it really is just an overclocked fury x right now ? 
  i dunno if fiji fw files work on it though . 
  see my flair, 
  i could n't find any of the firmware files from vega fe driver package though . 
  does one have to manually download them or does the driver do that ? 
  i do lrlll if my team sucks at killing trash . 
  most of the right side skills should be reworked cause they 're kinda useless . 
  even though fe sucks power like i suck dicks , it can probably be tamed . 
  maybe 1ghz base , 1.2 ghz boost is possible in nano form ? 
  if you wan na do actual damage , get the eviscerator . 
  if you wan na be a tank for your team , get the bone crusher and use dreadnaught skill . 
  if you choose to go the tank route , be sure to buy the evis as well , in case your team dies . 
  i never used heavy armor training lol, 
  locked and unlocked cpus do n't have different ipc . 
  i prefer the other skill . 
  more vram though , better optimized silicon . 
  i think it 'd be easy 50 % faster once drivers are good . 
  it does that on pc as well . 
  i 'm dropping to 70 fps when there 's a firebug , even on light custom maps . 
  lv20 firebug can save lives tho . 
  yeah , but i 'm just saying that heat wave can save lives if things go tits up :p, 
  and i ca n't even get 2933mhz . 
  yes ? 
  sorry about that . 
  i like mine but i still end up using my mouse mainly : /, 
  i paid that much for my 1700 . 
  i usually carry a boomstick with me as a medic in case shit goes south . 
  some times i 've killed 4 remaining scrakes with it when all my teammates died . 
  i use it on gunslinger sometimes on early waves . 
  anything is better than survivalist . 
  i 'm just getting the cheapest one . 
  some monitors only support freesync via hdmi i think, 
  rae and j\u00e4gerhorn, 
  my previous motherboard had the same one i believe , it worked fine on arch . 
  do n't know how to get it working on steamos, 
  amd drivers on existing products are excellent . 
  vega specific drivers are still really early , and not even using all of vegas features afaik . 
  maybe he wants to do more than just game . 
  in streaming , a 4ghz oc 'd r5 1600 spanks a 6700k . 
  amd could probably fit 4gb of hbm2 on a cpu, 
  but it does n't have rgb . 
  the video card is built in to the cpu , not motherboard . 
  there 's an eu wide law now that forces all carriers to drop roaming charges , but 2/3 of the carriers in my country got a special permission to avoid that . 
  another thing that pissed me off : in earlier android versions you could n't disable data usage warning completely and it was annoying as shit as an unlimited user . 
  wattman never crashed for me , freesync always works perfectly in exclusive fullscreen ( and in borderless too if i enable vsync ) , have n't played doom , have n't had an amd driver caused bsod in 4 years . 
  only had 2 issues with relive : stutter in recordings if i record at over 1080p60 , and it sometimes fails to install . 
  maybe some people have those issues but i have n't seen them . 
  only person in my family who has an iphone is my mom , everyone else has an android or a nokia dumb phone . 
  finland, 
  i have no idea , but they probably just did it because greed . 
  yeah eu prices are a ripoff, 
  yeah and i always had to do that . 
  even on hoe when you have the parry buff and actively blocking you 're not gon na take fuck-all for damage . 
  the changes to boomstick in latest update . 
  i think you 'd get more players with a linux port . 
  it 's called radeon settings, 
  never caused crashes for me, 
  g900 best mouse, 
  put double space at the end of each line for better formatting . 
  mk23 would probably be a perfect sidearm for sharpshooter . 
  also instead of m82 i 'd like to see the m99 come back . 
  or r/madlads, 
  it should make a difference , not really much tho because your graphics are n't good to begin with . 
  amd cards are more efficient in mining and compute . 
  reason # 2 why i will never get a cat, 
  relive works perfect for me and captures in really good quality . 
  not to me . 
  `` it just works '', 
  they probably got a deal from apple . 
  awesome plate but slow-ass car , nice .
