  pick one, 
  i like vlc more since it supports a ton of formats and works on linux . 
  but use whatever you want , we have the freedom to do so :3 although currently i use mpc on windows because of svp, 
  i actually like using terminal . 
  even though i have always used windows until 2012 when i discovered ubuntu, 
  android steam client needs in-home streaming . 
  seriously, 
  fun fact : 32-bit linux supports 64gb ram, 
  pae , physical address extension . 
  do n't know why macrohard does n't use it . 
  do they work on linux and os x ? 
  it does n't have that much of a difference , only slight performance increase afaik, 
  linux can use up to 128 cores :3, 
  edit : not sure about the theoretical max limit , but 128 is the most i have seen, 
  just curious , what linux distros do my brethren use ? 
  i use ubuntu mostly , but i know how to install and use arch :p, 
  a swedish electronics store ( they sell pc parts too fyi ) has an exclusive version of ps4 named gaystation 4, 
  i just gave my laptop to my poor dad . 
  saved him 200 $ . 
  did n't really need the laptop , i 'll get a new ultrabook at some point . 
  my old laptop could n't run it even though it 's from 2012, 
  there are wireless hp mouses that have invisible optics . 
  had one , it was ok for normal use . 
  if we want , we can do it . 
  we are the masterrace . 
  i rarely use emulators , but i have played gran turismo 2 and one nintendo ds mario game with emulators recently, 
  i have tried all major distros under the sun , but decided to stay with ubuntu , since it 's the one i first tried , and easiest, 
  i played a pirated version too before buying it . 
  i believe i bought it just after it got out of beta, 
  i have the fx-8320 , runs just fine with a hyper 212 evo, 
  bt upay iz bettur lel, 
  i have a 2tb wd green and it 's great , even for games . 
  also they seem reliable , i have another one ( 1tb model ) that 's 7 years old and still going strong . 
  lg g2 , cyanogenmod 11 , 8th monthly snapshot . 
  ps2 emulators are single-threaded , and amd processors are know for worse single-threaded performance when compared to intel . 
  i have an fx-8320 and it runs ps2 games terribly . 
  the best idea i have is to overclock and/or to lower settings : /, 
  `` watch dogs taught me how to hack '' - peasant, 
  i think it looks pretty neat , but i aint giving out my define r4, 
  well i tried only 1 game though :d, 
  hmm ... 
  there should be an option called multithreaded microvu somewhere , enable it and tell results, 
  one dude made a console that has a ps3 , a x360 and a wii u. 
  kinda slow when compared to mine , but still very good :p, 
  l4d2 and portal 2 work much better on linux than on windows , but older titles like tf2 run like shit . 
  i can easily play tf2 maxed out on windows with graphics enhancements , but on linux i can barely use 2x msaa and it still runs like a potato, 
  please troll somewhere else, 
  if i had the money , i 'd buy 4 r9 290x 's to use my pc as a room heater xd, 
  ubuntu has n't broken for me really , mostly when i was a linux n00b . 
  how well does it work , and how easy was it ? 
  i might finally dare to watercool thanks to you :d not my gpu , just cpu, 
  10 \u00b0 c idle ? 
  oh wait , amd cpus have weird sensors , and are very inaccurate below 40 \u00b0 c, 
  * over 60 fps, 
  someone needs to check that with a thermometer or something . 
  amd cpus have 2 different readings, 
  sometimes it can behave weirdly tho . 
  once it could n't fix my windows and i had to disconnect all other drives to make it work, 
  i 'm no one then, 
  where can i buy a girlfriend ? 
  yeah ? 
  just get rid of them lel, 
  ca n't use , needs nvidia card . 
  i use the amd proprietary drivers . 
  in source games the open source drivers seem to work better though, 
  tried gentoo , i did the installation just like the guide said but did n't boot . 
  have n't tried again since . 
  i get cruel thoughts when i 'm sleepy . 
  planned to murder my stepdad once . 
  do n't worry , did n't do it . 
  i thought vegas supports opencl and cuda ? 
  fx-8320 here . 
  too much aa for peasants . 
  it 's not unfair advantage if everyone has it . 
  holy mother of gaben , those details o_o, 
  slim ps2 had a small power brick if i recall correctly . 
  well , i do n't really edit videos since i 'm not a youtuber so eh ... 
  last singleplayer game i finished was the darkness 2 , the story was a bit short at 5 hours but very interesting and fun . 
  i recommend . 
  also tf2 is a very fun multiplayer game . 
  yup , i just need a better cooler and i can start overclocking, 
  i still have a 3dfx voodoo ii , it has 3 graphics chips but no cooler, 
  most valuable tf2 item i have is worth $ 20 . 
  i do n't really trade much . 
  i have the hyper 212 evo but it does n't seem to do a good job , i probably will build a waterloop at some point . 
   this is a normal subreddit with satirical and circlejerking humor elements, 
  first part to upgrade : graphics card, 
  i should take better care of mine . 
  right now it 's just lying in my spare parts closet : /, 
  is it good ? 
  i went and got an acer 21,5 inch monitor, 
  no love for android users ? 
  if i replaced all my case fans with noctuas , would it have any difference ? 
  i have 4 140mm fractal silent series case fans and stock fan on hyper 212 evo, 
  why did you get it then ? 
  motherboard temp seems kinda high , mine is always at 35 \u00b0 c, 
   8-core in a budget build, 
  i like where this is going, 
  i would n't recommend arctic silver , mx-4 is just as good and does n't conduct electricity . 
  better be safe than sorry .
