   broomstick, 
  is that a typo ? 
  also after the recent update , dbs sends scrakes flying when you kill them lol, 
  so that 's what tactical reload does ... 
  i do that too . 
  scrollwheel to change weapons , number keys if it 's in another category ( like changing to medic pistol ), 
  it reminded me of a joke one finnish youtuber made years ago . 
  he was playing amnesia , found a broomstick , and was like `` this ... is ... my ... broomstick '', 
  oh god i had that when i tried a slushee ( or whatever they 're called ) for the first time . 
  alcohol , the solution to everything . 
  you can get retired server chips for cheap af . 
  performance . 
  which will completely kill it because mods are the best part about it . 
  it runs at 2000 coil whines per second, 
  does it ? 
  i 'm not familiar with gta modding . 
  well , better to give it to someone in need rather than throwing it out . 
  i never had issues with those . 
  not much , just double the cores . 
  tbh , some early access games have been well done . 
  same ram as me , but tier lower cpu and mobo, 
  heated by r9 290, 
  a normal user wo n't pry off a glued screen . 
  it means it 's overheating and dropping clockspeeds to protect itself . 
  developer maybe ? 
  i would n't . 
  i wish i could mine . 
  why is this nsfw, 
  true . 
  in multithreaded workloads fx-8350 is on par with i7s . 
  makes sense in a racing game . 
  you need rubber to get a grip to the road . 
  i feel like the new rifle is a victim of that too . 
  do n't spam it . 
  you forgot the melee weapon 's damage resistance . 
  with t4 weapons it 's 70 % i believe . 
  why are you encouraging people to be plebs ? 
  i dunno , i have over 100 , but i also have a better gpu and i run the game on high . 
  gpu dying , or corrupted game . 
  i sticked to normal for way too long , took a long time to get rid of those bad habits . 
  now after 800h i only play hoe . 
  you 're not too strict , you 're a good parent . 
  to raise good kids , you need discipline , but also love . 
  my aa12 will kick em in the head, 
  can confirm it 's easy , even an idiot like me can play it and never die . 
  you can always decompile the damn thing and fix it . 
  i believe physx still works if the nvidia card is connected to the primary gpu . 
  still , i think it 's bs and they should allow it for enthusiasts ... 
  even if it might cause issues . 
  i 'd get one if they were n't so damn expensive . 
  for the same price i can get an xmg with 7700hq and a gtx 1050ti . 
  have you updated your bios ? 
  yup , the dow corning paste they use lasts a long time but it 's junk when it comes to heat transfer . 
  i do n't even have the option to change it . 
  i wish i understood politics . 
  the amount of damage resistance zerker gets is so huge it 's not even funny . 
  you do n't take jack shit for damage if you remember to parry and you have a medic . 
  5 pixels on any monitor ? 
  mine 's 1440p so might be more . 
  the issue with that is that it only works on windows . 
  ehh , my sauna is hotter than my gpu . 
  boris approves , deserves the gopnik award . 
  we still use modems , they 're just a whole lot faster . 
  some even ( almost ) wireless ... 
  you do n't really need anti-aliasing at 4k, 
  no danger unless you slap in a gtx 480, 
  the steam store page says it 's not compatible with intel igps . 
  what 's goodwill, 
  ah , thanks for explaining, 
  it does depend on screen size . 
  on 24-32 '' 4k monitors you will never need aa . 
  hell , even at 27 '' 1440p you 'll have a hard time noticing aliasing . 
  because intel graphics are trash ? 
  no hdd at all ? 
  even their cpus should be fast enough to decompress textures . 
  afaik it 's something you can parallelize a lot , so low clocks and ipc is n't as bad of a problem . 
  maybe i 'm special then , because i barely even needed fxaa at 4k . 
  you probably are using a vpn ? 
  imo , r * should 've made their own modding api for singleplayer . 
  an fps i play uses all of these keys . 
  q for healing yourself , e for interaction with doors and other things , r is obvious , f for flashlight . 
  an fps i play uses all of these keys . 
  q for healing yourself , e for interaction with doors and other things , r is obvious , f for flashlight . 
  an fps i play uses all of these keys . 
  q for healing yourself , e for interaction , r is obvious , f for flashlight . 
  demo heaven, 
  an fps i play uses all of these keys . 
  q for healing yourself , e for interaction , r is obvious , f for flashlight . 
  demo heaven, 
  demo heaven, 
  demo heaven, 
  honda owners ? 
  scar-h for sharpie would be kinda op with reu i think . 
  fuck , i once dropped my medic ar so i could get both lots of ammo and hp , some cunt took it and sold it . 
  and we lost on fucking hard because we had no medic and my ar was the only thing healing everyone . 
  demo heaven, 
  i paid 200 $ for mine . 
  vbrain *, 
  it 's not available in my language so i ca n't . 
  incompetent techies,
