  never even tried to use a key file . 
  password is easier imo . 
  my server is only running a small teamspeak server anyway . 
  losses would not be big if someone managed to gain access to it . 
  arma is more like a simulator than a game . 
  yeah but glasses look cooler than a piece of software . 
  clickety-clack , motherfucker, 
  60 fps or more . 
  i ca n't play any lower . 
  that 's how hp builds their computers . 
  interpolation looks good if done right . 
  all you really need is an opencl capable graphics card . 
  ps4 asscheek edition . 
  i mean , we already have a gaystation 4 selling in sweden . 
  dxdiag said that my old amd e-450 apu has 4000 tb graphics memory . 
  yeah , bug . 
  assetto corsa 's physics in a freeroam game would be just ... yes ... gim me . 
  i do n't think black ops sucks : i in fact i just bought it and quite like the campaign . 
  it barely runs on my snapdragon 800 :( there is a way to make it work , but adreno 330 simply is n't enough . 
  i went from a hd 5570 to r9 270x , and finally r9 290 . 
  how much did it cost ? 
  they want more money . 
  yes , people still use vga , a 27 year old standard . 
  talk about overpriced ... 
  he already did . 
  very . 
  ( i have the same card ), 
  what about early access ? 
  you know who will win the console war this gen ? 
  amd c :, 
  it 's easier and faster to get going , but does n't taste nearly as good as food you made yourself . 
  have you tried catalyst omega drivers yet ? 
  they fixed a ton of issues on linux . 
  eh , i have just a flash blocker . 
  also adblock plus . 
  lol dat name :p, 
  not sure if anyone has done that , but i think it 's possible . 
  18 in finland, 
  i went from r9 270x to r9 290 , not as big of an upgrade , but still great . 
  i 'd rather not get banned . 
  i 'm ascending when i can play tf2 without waiting 1 hour for it to launch . 
  i 'm exaggerating . 
  it does n't take an hour , but a significantly longer time than on windows . 
  framerate is fine for me ( constant 300 fps ) , but the startup time sucks : /, 
  i get 30 fps with shaders on my r9 290, 
  possibly . 
  i have a tek syndicate burning earth shirt . 
  i slept 2 hours last night . 
  now i 'm wondering if it could handle a nerd battle . 
  i 've had sleeping issues since last summer . 
  i 'm about to fail college because if it : /, 
  metal . 
  almost any subgenre goes , depends on mood . 
  i do n't even save music on my phone . 
  i just stream them . 
  i do n't get why people even use flac . 
  i ca n't hear any difference between flac and 320kbps mp3 , so it seems like just a waste of diskspace . 
  i 'm actually getting one of these monitors . 
  i 'll be joining the glorious displayport masterrace soon . 
  r9 290 should support displayport 1.2 ? 
  i 'm running a 1280x1024 and 1920x1080 dual display and they are seen as a single 3200x1080 monitor . 
  so all games try to use that resolution and it looks like shit : /, 
   i dont want it too be too recource-intensive, 
  i 'm using a gt 610 at school and it has no problem with any window manager . 
  can it be used with steam games ? 
  manual transmission on a vehicle ? 
  do people actually buy and use them ? 
  i thought they were a joke : i, 
  probably meant ssd . 
  this is why i turn autocorrect off . 
  why do comments get deleted ? 
  i have a friend who 's leftie but can use the mouse with either hand . 
  the crew is a great pc port tho . 
  my r9 290 runs it on ultra ( 4xmsaa ), 
  op told it 's an inside joke between them . 
  i know i 'm late , but : torilla tavataan . 
  i would . 
  i do n't play cs : go though, 
  people actually pay for it ? 
  how much does it even cost ? 
  you can do that ? 
  possibly cpu bottleneck ? 
  fx-8320 here . 
  i should also add that it does n't run at 60 fps constantly . 
  sometimes it dips to 40 , but 90 % of the time stays at 60 . 
  edit : my cpu is also overclocked to 4ghz , and turbocore is turned off . 
  well i got mine from ebay . 
  it was like 6 $ and works perfectly . 
  i have the game tho but never play it . - . 
  dunno , just do n't like it . 
  bought it because one simply can not resist a steam sale . 
  i do n't think your brain works . 
  i found a guy who had exceptionally horrible grammar and said that halo is better than half life . 
  also started calling everyone stupid in the comments for disagreeing with him . 
  it was in a tek syndicate video , i think you can figure out which one . 
  ( and too lazy to link on mobile ), 
  probably forgot to update the bot, 
  it 's really a matter of opinion . 
  the guy could n't accept the fact that some people think half life is better . 
  does n't work on mobile :'(,
