  my friend actually benchmarked tw3 on [ his rx 460 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjwafnqd81s ), 
  [ 1080p ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjwafnqd81s ), 
  there 's a secret button combination for changing the range on g25 and g27 , not sure if it 's there on dfgt . 
  on those you have to press the 2 middle ones of the 4 red buttons in a row , and one of the 4 in star shape . 
  ( poor explanation but i hope you understood d : ), 
  real quick edit : it 's on dfgt too https://www.gtplanet.net/forum/threads/g27-g25-dfgt-undocumented-wheel-lock-settings-guide.286646/, 
  hmm . 
  i might just go for an sr5 cpu . 
  logitech has advanced a lot tho . 
  g900 's latency is indistinguishable from a good wired mouse . 
  nice, 
  i thought the kiwis have gigabit ? 
  at least my friend from there does . 
  rip, 
  np tho , i use this on my g27 sometimes . 
  get a fury if you 're planning to play at higher than 1080p, 
  nope , never had that . 
  same monitor , bit better gpu , no issues . 
  you can , but you need to provide a good reason for it . 
  the time limit just guarantees that you can get a refund for any reason . 
   you could get a 144hz monitor or a 1440p monitor . 
  or both :3, 
  iirc there was some pro player who was using a wireless logitech mouse in a match, 
  if that does n't show that wireless mice are great nowadays , i do n't know what will . 
  \\  amd build weeks before ryzen, 
  i hope you had the cpu and mobo beforehand . 
  unless you 're playing on a huge-ass custom map, 
  i think am4 will be single-socket only , and whatever naples is on will support dual/quad socket . 
  that probably wo n't be am4 , but a different socket . 
  seus sucks tbh . 
  wait . 
  it has volumetric lighting ? 
  ( i do n't even know what it is for sure , i have only one game with it . ), 
  you could do like i do and not download fucking everything . 
  my steam has 420 or so games , 2tb drive is fine . 
  i 've had mine on for 20 days , servers even longer . 
  i feel old now, 
  my hands tend to get cold af , and i play like shit when it happens ... 
  this would be very useful for me . 
  i tried the software , found out it 's useless , uninstalled . 
  not on skylake . 
  i just use crystaldiskinfo for that, 
  oh my god . 
  i just want a board with good stability and features , without any fucking lighting . 
  my case does n't even have a window , wtf do i do with rgb . 
  got ta look into workstation boards then ... 
  fury for 1440p , 480 for 1080p, 
  1060 , used 970 if you can find cheaply . 
  if you 're confident that amd can actually get their drivers together , rx 480, 
  it 's still a decent card despite that . 
  coming from an amd user btw, 
  innocent people getting banned , hackers roaming free . 
  marvelous . 
  even vac works better . 
  that 's hot . 
  i think it could be possible to get it back working . 
  just wash the socket and cpu with isopropyl alc . 
  i doubt his pc has a compatible slot . 
  who cares if it 's ugly if it works . 
  i personally do n't care about how my fans look , i ca n't even see them unless i open up my pc . 
  because your gpu is too old . 
  only gcn gpus support opengl 4.5 on mesa . 
  i just used a custom driver for that , i 'm too dumb to use cru . 
  how does it try to maintain that framerate ? 
  i just set mine to 100 , gon na see if it actually works lol, 
  that 's what i did . 
  do n't care for windows really . 
  i cracked the password for my mom 's laptop with ophcrack . 
  iirc it was some relative 's name . 
  friend of mine has one from school , he says he ca n't enable developer mode because it wo n't let him log in : <, 
  i found out my college wifi 's password when one class required internet access . 
  teacher connected my laptop to the wifi but forgot to disable `` show password '' ( was on windows 7 , shows it by default ), 
  shitty password too , it was something like `` administration '' , ca n't remember exactly . 
  hbm would help a ton . 
  the old fglrx driver needed nomodeset , amdgpu and - pro do n't , because they support kernel modesetting . 
  this is about group notifications , not group chats . 
  older platforms have the igp on the motherboard chipset , not cpu . 
  like amd 760 chipset and intel lga775 whatever chipset there were, 
  i know group chats exist , but the post is n't about them . 
  it does seem to work tho , my fps rarely drops under 100 . 
  i get anxious if a person is at 99hp, 
  must . 
  heal . 
  there 's a lot of things you learn by hearing it from somebody . 
  did you know that patty 's minigun is bugged and you can hug him without taking damage when he starts shooting ? 
  everyone complaining that windows sucks , but most people still keep using it . 
  did some quick calculations , it 's correct . 
  amd sockets from that time have somewhere around 940 pins , 940 * 3 is less than 2947 . 
  they 're making the lives of paying customers harder . 
  but really , hdcp tries to make sure all of the hardware going from gpu to display is secure . 
  except it does n't fucking work because you can crack it by just ripping it from disc , getting a hdcp stripper , etc, 
  i 've had like 3 kernel panics happen . 
  2 were because i used an experimental kernel , 1 was on a hackintosh . 
  but is n't alsa installed by default on most distros ? 
  that said , i 've done dumb mistakes too like forgetting to install bootloader gg, 
  do you need windows for anything other than gaming ? 
  probably not . 
  finnish shortbeard here . 
  your flair is accurate :p, 
  true , but still ...
