  performance is gon na be the same . 
  highly threaded games and software will benefit a lot though . 
  yeah . 
  fps is bad but you can . 
  well they 're still using pga tho, 
  bitch i 'll show you imaginary, 
  all of my friends , that is . 
  oh nice they fixed fh3 graphics corruption . 
  now if teredo could connect i could play with my friends . 
  3.3 ghz quadcore with smt in a laptop would be nice . 
  there 's no risk in overclocking unless you 're a complete idiot, 
  i do n't mind if it 's faster than ryzen , because without ryzen it would 've never happened . 
  mine uses 80w at higher clocks and voltage , wtf, 
  i ran that too and only 80w . 
  nice, 
  then there 's a 50 % chance of failure to chooch, 
  are you seriously hosting a minecraft server on windows ? 
  bad idea . 
  now 's a great time to learn . 
  you 're in school , after all . 
  i 've hosted minecraft servers on linux myself , i can help , just ask . 
  well , imo unity is great . 
  not my favorite though . 
  in my experience , hosting a minecraft server is faster on linux . 
  would result in less lag and overall better experience for everyone . 
  who cares what your mom thinks, 
  it takes your ram over jedec spec , so yeah . 
  yeah but which one, 
  tripwire interactive does shotguns well, 
  i found a titan x maxwell for that price locally , shame i 'm broke : /, 
  maybe like a day , idk, 
  first time i 've seen a heatpipe explode : i, 
  tori.fi , i 'm finnish, 
  have you tried removing kebab ? 
  ht , the app probably ignores every second core . 
  my safety shoes fucked up my ankles : /, 
  ca n't return them because there 's blood on them . 
  it 's the same on windows 10 edition . 
  capitalism at it 's finest, 
  i 'd do that too if i had made a revolutionary game , as long as it does not ruin the original . 
  at least console gamers can play the game , which is just better for everyone . 
  exclusivity is never a good thing . 
  some bioses allow you to change the allocated ram amount . 
  cheap/shitty laptops might not . 
  i use a hyper 212 with a noctua nf-f12 , works great . 
  you might wan na look at cryorig tho, 
  you 're supposed to pick windows boot manager . 
  yet . 
  i have paired the same monitor with a card of similar performance . 
  i get 144 fps in games where it matters . 
  btw , you might want to change the freesync range , by default it 's 35-90 and it sucks . 
  can be modded to 57-144 with no issues . 
  great work , i 'm a medic main as well but on pc . 
  we even use the same character :d, 
  btw , might wan na pick up the katana for parrying fleshpounds , it 's also good as a backup weapon . 
  what kind of bizarrely ? 
  odd , i got the same board and fans work as intended . 
  wait for am4 itx mobos , unless you already have an lga2011-3 cpu, 
  sell 390 and get a 1070 , or alternatively get a second 390, 
  ads should n't be there in the first place . 
  ahh , nevermind then . 
  i do n't know about the asrock boards . 
  used . 
  also 1070 's are the same price on the low-end , i 'd rather buy the titan x :p, 
  i 've heard bad things about that monitor , like frameskipping at 144hz . 
  press enter twice to get better formatting, 
  i use freesync myself , it 's just amazing how smooth it makes almost any game . 
  i bought a super flower leadex ii 750w recently , it 's great . 
  only complaints are tight af atx connector and loud fan under heavy load , but my gpu fan is louder anyway so eh . 
  did you press f12 ? 
  well that 's what i heard online , so just wanted to warn ya, 
  how much ram do you have ? 
  8gb should be enough unless you have hundreds of tabs and/or are running lots of programs in the background . 
  keep task manager open with sorting by memory usage , see what 's using the most . 
  how much does the little cooler help ? 
  wtf didnt even notice that, 
  what kind of slime, 
  i believe i bought the oem model , super flower leadex ii 750w . 
  ( evga gets most of their psus from super flower iirc ), 
  overwatch might work on mac eventually . 
  it already works on linux . 
  i legit believed it was just a modded game . 
  i think it 's bullshit they did this because sometimes you simply ca n't get to the point where you can do that . 
  like when i fucked my pcs drivers , windows 8.1 would n't log in at all . 
  macs are gay xdee, 
  oracle is n't required , i found that openjdk works well enough . 
  \\  still hating on systemd, 
  it 's not about performance . 
  easy customizability , mainly . 
  not really concern in a server though . 
  you watt , man ? 
  maybe someone did a typo, 
  i 've been stuck at 2666mhz since launch , no bios update so far has let me any higher . 
  tried : timings , voltage , soc voltage , none of those helped . 
  just does not post over 2666, 
  it 's like building your own pc when you go with arch , you pick what you need and build from that . 
  ubuntu is like a prebuilt , comes in a premade package , but you can swap out stuff easily . 
  gentoo is like making your own pc from the ground up , fabricating pcbs and everything lol, 
  usa = na ( assuming it means north america , which often means just usa ), 
  edit : i 've heard people call usa as north america , i do n't do it myself .
