  did n't mad max have denuvo on windows ? 
  well it was ported for linux , and it does n't have denuvo . 
  these work in sanctum 2 and viscera cleanup detail as well . 
  i sold both of my monitors to get a good one : /, 
  nvidia open source drivers are a joke though . 
  fastest card is gtx 680 if you want open source nvidia . 
  it runs perfect in wine . 
  it 's running on linux , through a compatibility layer called wine . 
  you can choose which windows version you want it to report , it defaults to xp . 
  friend of mine mentioned some evga feature called evbot , maybe it 's that ? 
  now get a 1440p 144hz monitor, 
  fresh install . 
  lol i had a samsung u28d590d and a dell p2416d , sold both + a 290 so i can get an asus mg279q . 
  75 % of the performance for like 40 % of the price . 
  kickass bang for buck if you ask me . 
  could be a monitor issue , as i do n't have it with my mg279q . 
  any games where it especially happens ? 
  derp i based it off the local price of a 6850k, 
  yeah i love my asus mg279q, 
  well i live in northern europe , prices are high here ... 6800k is 480 $, 
  it 's 4ms , not a bad response time . 
  freesync is fucking awesome though . 
  most of my friends have less than 100 hours , and are bored of the game : /, 
  but when has microsoft has made anything good ? 
  i think all of em tried hard at least . 
  i 've been playing on hard and suicidal mostly , but i can do hoe as well . 
  well i have none of those games , so ca n't help with that : /, 
  all of the money spent on keys is used on the salaries of the analysts who are trying to figure out how to nerf firebug more . 
  finnish pc store , [ jimm 's ] ( http://jimms.fi ) , has also started including these in packages . 
  my last 2 orders had them . 
  dicks out for dead meme, 
  i wish we had those prices in finland . 
  6700k is 390 $ , or 415 usd . 
  i 'd love a laptop with a zen apu at some point : /, 
  i have one , x3 710 . 
  not used atm because no motherboard . 
  mine did n't . 
  there 's a solo mode that works entirely offline . 
  and yes , does have microtransactions , but like with csgo , they 're entirely optional and cosmetic . 
  ( apart from the damn zweih\u00e4nder ), 
  i have the same 270x . 
  it 's in my brother 's pc , he 's been very happy . 
  it 's an improvement , but i would n't go as far as calling it `` good '', 
  do n't walk into a corner ? 
  i had that same issue when i started playing , but eventually you learn how to not get cornered . 
  but firebug is still shit, 
  yeah it 's been buffed . 
  seems legit, 
  popular titles sequel got ruined . 
  what 's new here ? 
  are they good ? 
  been thinking of buying those . 
  i have an r9 nano and i too get fps drops in intense situations . 
  i do n't think there 's any other solution but to drop graphics . 
  should i have both of them ? 
  i only use 7-zip lol, 
  both of em are alright , but i 'd get the first one because the gpu is still supported . 
  is gfe even useful ? 
  i never owned a supported nvidia card so idk, 
  i do n't record , and never used amds optimization thing either , so yeah it 'd be useless to me . 
  yes , automatic overclock software is always retarded . 
  great gpu , just not at this price point ... 
  i 'd get a laptop with that gpu for maybe 400 $, 
  personally i would go for x99 and ditch the laptop . 
  but i do n't need a laptop , because i never go anywhere . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ crying, 
  let me test my new nerve gas, 
  not even 4g has caps where i live . 
  only on some smaller carriers , but all major have all uncapped . 
  i did n't notice any improvement going from an 8320 to a xeon e3-1231v3, 
  a slow piece of shit . 
  my dad does n't give a crap about games : /, 
  not like his laptop could play anything anyway ... 
  but does it run at 60fps ? 
  just hope he does n't invite howtobasic with him . 
  shit , could i run this at 1440p ? 
  fglrx is old and buggy , and you should n't use it . 
  just use the included open source drivers . 
  lol i 've been playing on some european 30-32 player servers . 
  a cyst takes 2 headshots from an ebr ( i was playing medic tho so offperk ), 
  boss goes down fast though , hans has no time to test his new nerve gas when 20 rpgs come flying at him . 
  some large custom maps are fine with 32 players tho, 
  i think it 's quite useless . 
  false reading , my h97-plus reads higher temps than that on speccy . 
  i 've used m14 + xbow sometimes . 
  the xbow can stun scrakes and fleshpounds ( at least on hard ) , giving you an easy kill with the m14 . 
  i also like to use the boomstick sometimes on other perks as a `` i wonder if the map maker forgot to put invisible walls here '' gun . 
  especially as a medic , easy to heal when you 're alone in a rooftop only accessible to husk fireballs . 
  anything is more interesting than survivalist . 
  i have to admit , i 've used the perk leveling map too somewhat . 
  on my 3 latest lv25 perks ( demo , support , zerk ) i 've only used it to quickly max them out from lv20 , because i already somewhat knew what the hell i was doing . 
  i use all left , but swap to combatant doctor if there 's a need . 
  that feature is also in forza horizon 3 , and it 's bullshit because you got ta pay for microsoft 's groove music bullshit to use it ( afaik , did n't get it to work ), 
  well i never look at my desktop , so i 'd rather not have it running because it 'd be literally useless ... 
  function over form , that 's why i have a windowless case as well , idgaf what the inside of my pc looks like . 
  i dunno i never used this option, 
  that 's actually perfectly okay to do by valve . 
  i used to have 2 monitors but sold both to afford a good gaming monitor . 
  `` total joke '', 
  i actually think it 's pretty impressive considering how fucking small it is .
