  that 's not always possible ... 
  not even mobile plans have caps . 
  it does n't work for me on 8 and 10, 
  oh god , reminds me that tf2 implemented that bar thing a while ago ... and it 's not good , 100ms is considered good ping by that thing . 
  huh , borderless window always felt laggier for me, 
  i got an asus mg279q , been good so far . 
  nope , msi had a terrible 290 too . 
  mine ran at 86c all day and really loud . 
  if you want to control it from your mobo , you just got ta tell the mobo that the fan is 3-pin, 
  nah it 's normal . 
  my gpu reaches 75c in every game really . 
  i got beyerdynamic dt770 pro + blue snowball, 
  most headsets are shit, 
  is it based on linux or did they make their own kernel ? 
  you should never use vsync . 
  if you wan na get rid of tearing , invest in a monitor that supports adaptive-sync . 
  i use over twice that monthly, 
  that 's like half the price we finns have to pay . 
  also , what card did you have before ? 
  best thing about using an r9 nano is not having to worry about gpu sag, 
  i disabled flash in edge . 
  and i never use that piece of shit browser anyway . 
  where wayland, 
  i only edit xorg.conf to enable dri3, 
  me too . 
  my monitor takes a long time to wake up though , sucks, 
  it lags like shit on my system . 
  chrome does n't . 
  do you really need to emulate anything , since it 's x86_64 ? 
  restarting chrome helps for me when this happens, 
  same here with mg279q, 
  if you want performance , stay on nvidia . 
  if you want good open source drivers that always work , go amd . 
  does this version solve steam 's crashiness ? 
  only proprietary really . 
  i played like this 10 years ago, 
  i 've been having this issue for months lmao, 
  restarting chrome helps though, 
  i got banned from lmr lmao, 
  it 's called cry engine because of the reaction it causes in console gamers . 
  correct , i did nothing . 
  minecraft, 
  nvidia shadows on an amd card ? 
  but not required, 
  multiple friends have had nvidia driver just not work at all . 
  crashes in random games beats driver not working at all . 
  it should be opt-in if you ask me . 
  yes, 
  not really an upgrade , and you have to change motherboards, 
  i turned off autoupdate altogether . 
  i do n't even know how much battery life i get with either because i always keep mine plugged in . 
  last time i tried , edge hanged a lot when browsing . 
  no , most things can be done graphically on linux now . 
  and even if they ca n't , you can find detailed guides with every command you need to copypaste . 
  i ca n't get macos working on mine : /, 
  i do n't think it 's an upgrade . 
  you gain some ipc , but lose 2 cores . 
  i agree , but apple 's charge port was neat ... 
  i think you can get a dongle for this tho, 
  wish i had the money for a dell xps 13 developer edition, 
  literally the only time i used ethernet on my laptop was when i was installing arch linux on it . 
  and it was n't even required , i was just lazy to set up wifi . 
  i think it 's good enough for 1440p high settings . 
  to think the lg g3 is preloaded with mcafee ... 
  tfw i ca n't even overclock my card, 
  i did get my laptop 's gpu to 780mhz though , which is nice ( 600mhz stock ), 
  repaste it pls, 
  i watched my brother play dirt rally on my uncle 's ps4 , graphics were meh . 
  yeah , and of all the antiviruses it 's preloaded with mcafee , and you ca n't uninstall it without rooting ... 
  1440p 144hz ( with freesync if possible ), 
  it 's expensive but worth it , i have an asus mg279q , worth every penny . 
  and holy shit freesync is amazing , 45-60 fps in the witcher 3 feels smooth as fuck, 
  new apis always take time to be adopted . 
  on dx11 release a lot of games were still using dx10 or dx9 and looked just fine . 
  i really want a laptop with one . 
  use ddu to nuke drivers , download latest from amd.com, 
  the telemetry service gets installed even if you do n't install gfe, 
  let 's hope that an increase in users gives amd motivation to put more people to develop linux drivers . 
  linux wo n't get native . exe support because it 's not what it uses natively ... 
  what you want is native versions . 
  not on my friend 's variant , anyway . 
  why i do n't keep my pc on desk, 
  swap is no substitute for ram , and sd cards are slow . 
  i think that 's just the cpu . 
  my laptop has an a8-3520m , runs tf2 at 30 fps, 
  it 's real, 
  what if you get a wireless mouse with a good sensor, 
  like most of the gaming community, 
  people say it 's hard to use but my dad has used ubuntu with no major issues for 2 or 3 years now ... 
  he 's always hated microsoft ( refused to buy me an xbox when i was a kid for that reason ) , so it was an easy choice . 
  old man figured out how to rip cds by himself too lmao, 
  you can still install most proprietary software graphically , unless the devs are idiots . 
  like chrome , simple . deb file you can doubleclick . 
  obs can record with nvenc , having zero performance hit . 
  grab an r9 fury on sale, 
  good cooler . 
  bit overkill for my cpu though lmao, 
  i fiddled with some stuff in group policies . 
  does n't interfere with windows store . 
  yeah but has apple ever used up-to-date hardware ?
