  i only have 1600mhz ddr3 , no issues . 
  still got dna on my mokkula doe . 
  i just wish i did n't live in a goddamn bunker ... 
  i 'm just wondering what custom rom we 'll use when cyanogen inc dies, 
  edit : imma derp , ignore, 
  windows never updated any of my drivers by itself . 
  my experience with msi was terrible though . 
  msi r9 290 gaming tfiv , overheated all day long , was loud as shit . 
  i do n't use i3 , come at me bro, 
  yeah , technically he 's still playing on windows . 
  it 's more convenient than dualbooting tho . 
  i 'd do this if i had the hardware . 
  competitors made good coolers for it doe . 
  i think this was because of the same reason as asus , they just slapped on nvidia card coolers that had shitty contact with the chip . 
  this is the first time i 've seen it . 
  chrome canary , basically gives you an alpha version of chrome . 
  there 's also beta , which is significantly more stable . 
  probably a content creator . 
  * moves away laptop so you ca n't see my kde *, 
  mse + mbam + common sense 2016 are enough . 
  lighter , no bullshit plans with advertisers to let certain ads through . 
  i only use it because most of my friends do : /, 
  tried outlook on arch , with both chrome and firefox . 
  works fine . 
  do n't forget supported cpu and motherboard . 
  needs both to support vt-d or amd-vi . 
  i 've tried 2 configurations that work fine :, 
  * intel xeon e3-1231v3 , asus h97-plus, 
  * amd fx-8320 , asus m5a99x r2, 
  some of intel 's multiplier unlocked cpus do n't support vt-d , be careful . 
  ( 4790k and newer do , 4770k and older do n't ), 
  online friends though . 
  some live far , texting is not a good option . 
  good job . 
  i do n't even need to zoom on this version . 
  ram speed does n't matter much in general . 
  some games do rely on it a lot though , you might see a 20 % improvement going from 1333mhz to 2133mhz . 
  i lock my pc every time i go afk, 
  how the fuck do you use a camera to login, 
  yeah , not enough cores, 
  in gta v , i drive better with the keyboard than controller, 
  it said my hardware is not compatible . 
  is my webcam too shit then ? 
  i 'm just waiting for killing floor 2 linux port : /, 
  i used it to get free dirt 3 copies and give em to friends, 
  i do n't see the dlc and microtransactions as a problem . 
  they 're all cosmetic ( except for some kf1 dlc weps , but none are op ), 
  personally i 've enjoyed both games , really waiting for kf2 port . 
  you do get free skins too though . 
  most of my skins have been free drops . 
  the content in the dlcs is way too small to be considered an expansion pack . 
  besides , tw has given us tons of free content in their games too . 
  apple buys them in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  remember what happened to pear os ? 
   having the main monitor on the right side ? 
  mine is like that . 
  i fucking hate when games use the secondary instead . 
  i did n't see any performance improvement with mine : /, 
  go fix it . 
  no vishera deserves to die like that . 
  i tried my g27 in ets2 , ca n't remember if there was ffb . 
  i can go and see if i can get it working tho . 
  they were bought out by some company , they never told which . 
  i 'm guessing it was apple . 
  i 'm just waiting for kf2 to be ported . 
  then i 'll probably spend most of my time on linux . 
  you can sell anything with the proper marketing wank . 
  i want one too but i 'm too lazy to reinstall windows ( again ), 
  same . 
  and i 'm just saving for a 1440p 144hz ips monitor, 
  tfw greentexts do n't show properly on mobile, 
  if i run windows version of unigine heaven on linux , it thinks i have a radeon hd 2900xt with 3500mb, 
  in 2001 i had a ps1 : /, 
  does thermal paste come out if i stroke it ? 
  i tried some old ms mouse with a vga-looking serial port on a modern-ish computer , worked fine . 
  still funny though lol, 
  also a lot of applications , including unigine benches ( native versions ) , detect amd cards as 256mb cards, 
  glad i bought it before it was pulled . 
  \\  even valve does n't use their own os, 
  i just go and delete that file from steam 's directory . 
  i can get steam to launch on amdgpu and - pro , but it crashes after a random amount of time on amdgpu-pro . 
  doubt it , but it 'll probably have a very well made linux port . 
  at most it might have exclusive features on linux , if even that . 
  if only they did n't ditch opengl when they started developing source engine ... 
  any card can run 1080p ultra , even a gt 610 . 
  talking about framerates though , that 's another story . 
  i think 300 series still supports legacy . 
  my msi r9 290 gaming does , it has a hybrid and legacy-only bios switch . 
  people always ask me why they should try linux , but i always lock up and ca n't think of any solid reasons for them : /, 
  some laptops and prebuilts do that . 
  annoying as shit . 
  i 've had that forever on amd cards . 
  it only happens with multi-monitor tho . 
  so it 's the same tech that sony used to make psvr work without making you vomit ? 
  8.1 was decent too, 
   i would rather have an xbox or playstation for games than a fucking windows computer . 
  those are even more closed in nature than windows , i would n't recommend . 
  just disable updates on windows 10 from group policies , update when you decide to . 
   most people do not know they have a choice or think that their only other choice is mac which comes with an over-inflated price, 
  time to educate .
