  not all games support it . 
  it drops my fps to half lol, 
  i just use fxaa . 
  we want better linux compatibility . 
  cmt , not smt . 
  i pay 25 $ for 150mb/s, 
  and my modem only has 100mb/s ports , yay . 
  not everyone has the pro version , most users are running home . 
  ( gpedit is disabled in home editions ), 
  i call mine the black monolith . 
  i 've always been bad at coming up with names :(, 
  dp does support audio . 
  i have 2 monitors plugged in via dp , both show up in sound devices on both windows and linux . 
  i have a pc with a t2500 and a 9400gt , ran at 30 fps when i tried an amplified world :p, 
  but then you have to deal with a sluggish browser . 
  am i the only one who never got a huge notification like this ? 
  that speed is half of what i used to get . 
  now i get like 1.5-4mb / s. . . 
  i do n't use secure boot anyway . 
  see if you can set the amount of vram in bios . 
  also , dxdiag is almost always wrong , it 's more likely that you have only 256mb dedicated to the igp . 
  flash makes my gpu run at max clockspeed , gpu temp is at 50 \u00b0 c just when watching a twitch stream :(, 
  and it does it for no reason , i limited clockspeed to 300mhz in the drivers , no lag , and temps at 40 \u00b0 c. 
  aio liquid coolers have pump noise , and come with shit fans most of the time . 
  hyper 212 with an nf-f12 is quite quiet . 
  morphological aa makes text look like garbage for me . 
  try an older version of crimson . 
  profiles do n't work for me either since 16.3.2 . 
  i play at 4k so i do n't need aa at all . 
  fxaa does look fine at 4k though , with minimal perfomance hit . 
  one could do a linus , and install the rad ( s ) outside of the house . 
  dynamic msaa ? 
  nobody survives , not even your cpu . 
  windows store . 
  i 'm probably just gon na use fxaa anyways lol, 
  it sure as hell is for me . 
  had to use it without acceleration on linux , because a bug in amd drivers made the whole os lag , and my r9 290 overheat when it was on . 
  compensating for something ? 
  980 is faster than 780ti . 
  is this surprising ? 
  steam and gog . 
  game profiles , like custom antialiasing settings , power limit and fan target . 
  i like to limit my gpus clockspeed to 800mhz when playing tf2 , so it runs cooler . 
  broken in current version . 
  i 'm getting 60 fps at 4k ultra preset with an r9 nano . 
  try to find an aio that , compared to nh-d15 or dark rock pro 3 :, 
  cools better, 
  is quieter with stock fans, 
  is similar in price, 
  tell me when apus can play games at 1080p ultra . 
  majority of linux users are on debian or derivatives . 
  i never got the idea behind distros that look like windows . 
  it 's not windows , why should it look like it ? 
  it 's a nice feature , `` borrowed '' from linux/unix where it has been for at least 20 decades . 
  i ca n't even remember when i 've last seen a person drive automatic . 
  usb soundcards , from my limited experience , are crap in my opinion . 
  i have a tritton 720 + headset , the card that came with it has noise , and at low volumes it cuts off sounds ( dunno how to explain better ) . 
  changed to beyerdynamic dt770 pro 80ohm on onboard audio , much better . 
  well that 's just my experience . 
  i 've always installed arch the proper way . 
  once i tried antergos but it gave me issues . 
  i know one minecraft tuber who has an i7-5960x , a gtx 980ti , and plays/records the game at 720p 30fps ... 
  my old 8320 could do 4.7 ghz at 1.368 v , although i used llc . 
  new owner got her to 5ghz at 1.44 v though , with no llc . 
  i regret getting rid of it :(, 
  my mom bought me a laptop , but with my own money . 
  it was a piece of shit though . 
  what 's wrong with ppc ? 
  you can still run stuff on them . 
  run linux and you got a whole lot of open source programs to use :p, 
  damn . 
  nvidia , get up with the times . 
  amd dropped it 3 years ago . 
  monitor bros 8 ), 
  i wish i had a girlfriend to play portal 2 with . 
  imo it should be skipped if one cpu has no igp . 
  so about 2000 $ ? 
  not that bad . 
  fury x can run it at 4k ultra . 
  he 's injecting thermal paste for better heat transfer . 
  that 'd work too . 
  igp does n't matter in some setups at all , like gaming . 
  it has perfect scaling , but it 's such low res it looks like poop . 
  been using a 4k monitor for over a year , i 'm spoiled : <, 
  looks so weird not having any sata drives . 
  yeah your gpu is n't really good enough ... 
  used r9 290 should run most games on medium at 4k though , if you got the money . 
  well it might play some older games at 4k . 
  i was n't joking 8 ), 
  if it 's a usb headset , the buttons ( volume ctrl etc ) show up as a keyboard . 
  msi is known for shitty thermal paste . 
  i think it 's hard-capped to 1024 : /, 
  at least in tf2 it is . 
  i got a 4 gig card too , never complained when i set ultra preset . 
  very well optimized though , 60 fps at 4k ultra on an r9 nano . 
  ms store is the only place to get forza 6 apex and future titles : /, 
  guess my pc sucks then . 
  ca n't even get over 1024 fps . 
  but i love racing games ... :(, 
  i have played it .
