  cpu . 
  i do n't even know what to do with mine . 
  it 's been collecting dust : /, 
  it 's actually meant to be user-friendly . 
  their goal is for all driver packages to use the same kernel module to simplify development and driver installation for the user . 
  i do that . 
  i 'd go for the higher refresh screen tho . 
  i just ca n't stand 60hz anymore . 
  there 's only 1 kernel module , amdgpu . 
  there are 2 userspace drivers , radeonsi and amdgpu-pro . 
  unreal engine has always been the best imo . 
  i have the same headphones , i can hear it through . 
  i could try that myself if it works well . 
  i managed to install it once , then broke the kernel when trying to fiddle with nvidia drivers . 
  technically they could release a binned version that runs at lower clock and voltage and without a 6-pin, 
  most 480s use 100-125w . 
  you have shitty walls then . 
  none of my neighbors have ever complained about keyboard noise . 
  \\  not owning a 200hz 4k crt, 
  i played an indie game for 11 hours straight 2 days ago : i, 
  funny how he mentions forced drm when consoles are entirely based on that, 
  r9 fury cards are cheap atm, 
  if you ca n't find one , look at rx 470/480, 
  shoulda bought an rx 480, 
  * runs *, 
  there are a ton of custom maps , some are amazingly well-made with only the game 's stock assets . 
  one of my favorites is finlandwinterland , mainly because i 'm finnish myself kek, 
  medic + zerk , or trash cleaner + hvt killer . 
  i did the latter with my friend . 
  it works well if you remember to heal eachother . 
  enable `` unified gpu monitoring '' in afterburner, 
  high value target . 
  meaning big zeds , scrake and fleshpound . 
  fury cards do support freesync . 
  something 's wrong with drivers . 
  just caps your fps to 144 or whatever 's your monitor 's max . 
  i have no fps cap in csgo , works great . 
  the framerate is usually so high i ca n't see tearing . 
  running 16.12.2 on a nano , working fine . 
  need to figure out a stable undervolt tho ... 
  monitor drivers too ? 
  fury is a real upgrade , but i recommend you go 1440p or 4k . 
  fury is overkill for 1080p . 
  it will be amazing . 
  jim keller had his hands in it , and literally every cpu he has worked on is great . 
  also amd knows releasing another shit architecture would be suicide . 
  sorry to break circlejerk , but i tried mine on a 4k monitor , and it could only output 1080p : /, 
  yeah but who wants to use a pc at 15hz, 
  i tried minetest like 2 months ago , it was laggy for me : /, 
  so will they focus on improving performance and fixing bugs from now on ? 
  people expect too much from stuff . 
  people expected steamos to overtake windows in gaming . 
  people expected rx 480 to be as fast as a 980ti, 
  people expected no man 's sky to be good . 
  i 've had issues with freesync since 16.12.1 ... 
  sometimes it just stops working randomly , and i have to reboot to fix it . 
  with what card ? 
  i tried with mine and the video stutters like hell , but gameplay itself is smooth . 
  i have one and it 's great . 
  all of them, 
  compatibility . 
  i wish everyone used exfat ... 
  i though all phones use ext4 or f2fs in their internal storage ? 
  all my phones have . 
  just checked , only ones using fat32 ( or vfat , as linux likes to call it ) are some firmware partitions . 
  and it seems oxygenos 4.0 is using sdcardfs already , huh . 
  ah , i ca n't use hevc . 
  tried only singleplayer . 
  it 's based on hd 7770 , and iirc amdgpu-pro now supports gcn 1.0 gpus . 
  even if it 's not supported now , it will be . 
  none ... just vanilla game . 
  you do n't need a wii to power one . 
  get a sacrificial one and attach a usb plug to it , power it from whatever . 
  so do you want your entire browser crashing , or slightly more ram usage ? 
  csgo does n't use many cores because it uses an old engine . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm running quite high-end hardware too . 
  iirc the wii has usb tho . 
  dunno if it 'll work though . 
  maybe one can splice the wires and have both usb and the original proprietary connector ? 
  yes . 
  word of warning tho , it caused games to crash on my system . 
  it should show a smooth gpu usage curve when you enable it . 
  before i enabled it , mine was spiky as shit . 
  it wo n't . 
  i tried the game on mine , 45-60 fps on ultra at 1440p . 
  gpus have a bios too boi, 
  some proprietary connector idk : i, 
  funny thing is that apple socs have amazing single-core performance . 
  you ca n't have a command console without an operating system, 
  cheaper to make tho, 
  nope . 
  intel is n't the only one using them . 
  i was using one as my primary card 2-3 years ago when i was poor ... 
  got one for free from a friend lol, 
  if op was great with electronics , and rma was a pain to do ( which it is with asus tbh ) , it 'd be a viable idea . 
  an opengl application maybe ? 
  the video is too low resolution , i ca n't c anything . 
  i have an equivalent card , it can push 144fps in games where it matters at 1440p, 
  tru , but some have shitty cs .
