  browsing the internet is fine with 1gb, 
  chrome pls, 
  i actually have used a pc with 1gb to browse the internet , about a year ago . 
  it had xubuntu , could handle 10-20 tabs just fine . 
  if i made 100k a year i 'd be happy and not brag to everyone about it ... 
  how hot is your room ? 
  current source engine runs like shit because it 's not natively opengl . 
  source 2 will be . 
  i have n't played cs : go on linux , but tf2 and l4d2 run just fine for me . 
  no need to be so negative . 
  first you tell me steam sucks and now you 're bashing on this guy 's desktop . 
  ignore him , he 's an old fart and does n't like anything . 
  my guess is slackware or gentoo , with a tiling window manager of course . 
  ( or no gui , if he 's a real neckbeard ), 
  it 's a programming language . 
  in my experience nvidia drivers are a lot better on linux , performance-wise . 
  amd is making a completely new driver doe . 
  i have the earlier version , tn looks fine . 
  i ca n't really tell the difference : /, 
  i tell ya , it 's gon na destroy this civilization someday . 
  not you again ... 
  i 'd use ie , but it only works on windows, 
  i had one but it belongs to my brother now . 
  most people use vnc because it 's a lot easier to get working . 
  yes rekt  rekt.txt, 
  let it run for a day . 
  me and my classmate had our own network isolated from the rest of the class/school . 
  that being said , we were studying ict xp, 
  i guess gaben wo n't buy a oneplus two . 
  dude i know it 's slow , it 's just the easiest one to get working :d, 
  one should be allowed to use the os he feels most productive in . 
  i never installed windows on my school pc , as it was not required . 
  well , i did study ict . 
  me and my classmate even had a private network apart from rest of the classroom . 
  man , why ca n't amd do cool opencl techdemos ? 
  if they realize that pc is better , they ai n't peasants, 
  all ethernet devices should have a generic driver that works on everything , like with video cards and certain usb devices . 
  i guess she does n't consider android as smart . 
  how dumb of her . 
  this 'll go well with ricer 's carbon fiber wrapped hoods . 
  i 'm exactly the same . 
  sometimes i have days when i just ca n't be arsed to boot windows though , and just play tf2 on arch . 
  once my external hard drive crashed windows . 
  not immediately though , it happened while i was copying something to it . 
  maybe op 's does fit , 
  $ 5k room heater, 
  i can see racing games being possible , due to both platforms being able to use either a controller or a wheel , but i dunno about shooters . 
  i got my 8320 to 4.4 ghz at just 1.3 v , 
  just you fucking wait ... \\* orders a 3d printer \\*, 
  now put an ibm logo on your pc, 
  sure . 
  i do n't discriminate by your choice of brand . 
  oh damn i wan na play the newest lego batman, 
  i have one too . 
  best thing ever . 
  my r9 290 never crashes . 
  using beta drivers . 
  my pc never had the windows sticker . 
  perks of building your own desktop . 
  i bought a keyboard that does n't need drivers for configuring backlights :3, 
  \\ #windowslogic, 
  they 're turning into apple : o, 
  from the keyboard manufacturers i 've seen , all but one require you to use windows to configure backlughts and macros . 
  man , i wish someone gifted me plague inc, 
  what you should do is complain for such a shitty pc port . 
  mc 1.8 has lot better multicore performance , i heard . 
  a wd employee browsing lmr ? 
  i keep it hidden most of the time , so it does n't bother me  _ , 
  b-but muh wobbly windows, 
  man i need 16gb . 
  chrome keeps eating my 8gb, 
  i hate when companies name their products turbo , when they obviously do not have an internal combustion engine to drive an exhaust gas-propelled air compressor . 
  will it atleast make a zutututu sound ? 
  fuck you . 
  i 'll bring my linux laptop . 
  it 'll gas you anyway . 
  just wait until the solid state water comes in . 
  nope . 
  the bootloader it was based on was exclusively for macs . 
  refind is modified to work with normal pcs as well . 
  there is a clear difference between 1080p and 4k . 
  1920x1080 , 6hr average screen on time , 
  my non-ref msi r9 290 reaches 83 \u00b0 c and sounds like a jet . 
  msi , never again . 
  did u kno, 
  dust filters exist, 
  oh man , i 'd love to get a 4690k cheaply . 
  yep . 
  20 $ per month for unlimited 100/30mbps . 
  i 'm on dna btw . 
  how does the update affect people who simply use aur packages , and do n't upload any ? 
  my gentoo machine uses systemd, 
  i think amd does the same . 
  atleast it happens when you have more than 1 monitor attached . 
  i bought an r9 290 6 months ago, 
  ^ ^ inb4 ^ ^ gets ^ ^ downvoted ^ ^ by ^ ^ nvidia ^ ^ fanboys, 
  oh man , i wish there was a way to clean redistributables on my linux pc . 
  i 'll download it for 2 reasons . 
  1 ) i ca n't stream 4k currently, 
  2 ) i can upload it if someone wants to see it .
