  i had the same issue where it would get disconnected ( i could hear windows `` device disconnected '' sound when monitor turned off ) , stopped after i enabled this . 
  this is what i do n't understand ... 
  people buy a fucking gtx 1080 so they can play a game at absolute max settings at 1080p , when an rx 480 or gtx 1060 could do high/very high at 1080p and look 99 % as good ... 
  tldr : amd creates stuff , nvidia makes money off of it . 
  f2fs did n't really give any speed boost on my lg g2 . 
  maybe it was too slow to take advantage , idk . 
   am i doing something wrong ? 
  most likely yes . 
  read xaymar 's link . 
  i do n't know about nvidia , but it crashed for me when i used amdgpu-pro drivers : i, 
  worked fine with mesa drivers though , never crashed . 
  i did have a bug with the hud though . 
  560 $ for a nano , 600 $ for an mg279q : /, 
  i 'd think most people are gon na undervolt , and it 'll use around 210w . 
  i never played fc2 , mind telling me details ? 
  mine 's 1440p 144hz , but aaa titles are quite playable on ultra even though they run at 45-60 fps . 
  freesync ftw, 
  gaming rig and server in the same case ? 
  i was gon na buy that mouse a year ago . 
  is it good ? 
  anything is legal if you do n't get caught . 
  does this only apply to us citizen , or are we euro wankers in danger too ? 
  could n't really tell a difference . 
  we do have our own retarded government to worry about too though . 
  it 's enough for 1440p , and even 4k . 
  i ran 4k for 1.5 years , vram was never a limit , only the rest of the cards capabilities . 
  and have nothing to shoot with if your main guns run out of ammo ? 
  yeah great idea . 
  still a great card though . 
  i went with the g602 instead , the batteries on that last 2 months . 
  i had the money though , so recently bought a g900 . 
  my school had mostly old acers with core 2 duo e4300s and pentium d 's . 
  we got to use way better rigs at year 3 tho , i had a phenom ii x2 unlocked to x4 , my friend had a first-gen i5 . 
  both of us had 8gb ram and dual 500gb drives . 
  worked fine for me on 16.11.3 . 
  tfw my mom is okay with me spending money on tech i use daily, 
  i 'm just wondering if gsync is any better than fs . 
  they do the same job , so there should n't be any difference . 
  or just do a hosts-file on every device ... 
  i only use 2 devices , 1 running 2 operating systems , was n't that hard to set up . 
  it 's great because it works on every os , as long as you have privileges to edit / etc/hosts ( or wherever it is located in your os of choice ), 
  i never had ads on the lock screen : i, 
  i 'm running win10 pro , is that why ? 
  windows is adware . 
  now all they need is free online , and i might consider buying an xbox one . 
  is there any quality difference between the 2 ? 
  i 've only ever tried freesync . 
  they said the mg279q has this too , but i have n't experienced it . 
  mg279q is an actual 4ms panel . 
  and it does n't matter that much , anything under 5ms is perfect for gaming , under 10ms is acceptable . 
  unless fanboys stop being fanboys , it 's not gon na happen . 
  hbao + tech is in my most played game , killing floor 2 . 
  i just ca n't see a difference in quality ... 
  huge difference in framerate though . 
  real men play without gay crosshairs, 
  rgb voltage regulators next ? 
  only color i 've seen on them is yellow or orange . 
  nope , but `` insult players '' is more important . 
  idk , i have filters too , and every 6 months or so when i open up my pc there 's barely any dust . 
  my cpu fan runs very slow though , as it 's 150mm . 
  i got a mg279q about a month ago , it 's been great . 
  would n't make a difference in my power bill lol, 
  finnish pc store , jimm 's also puts those tiny haribo bags in every order . 
  so streamers/youtubers could get a 380 as an encoding card ? 
  same , and i 've had both . 
  4k was nice , but high refreshrate is better . 
  1440p with some aa looks as good as 4k with none . 
  80w cpu , 175w gpu ... : /, 
  and gpu is undervolted with -25 % power limit . 
  and you 're still using a 1080p monitor ... 
  a gtx 1080 is overkill for anything less than 1440p 144hz . 
  not much heat output due to low tdp, 
  amd is n't dying , and they should n't die . 
  because it 's rarely an actual bottleneck . 
  especially at higher resolutions . 
  they have good products tho, 
  rx 480 does hold up to what it was advertised ... 
  some cards do n't , like the fury x ( only in some titles beats it 's competitor ), 
  i do have a feeling they 're going to make a shadowplay equivalent though . 
  cards have the hardware to support that . 
  i think we can all agree that plays.tv is crap . 
  obs with xaymar 's plugin is the best solution . 
  175w is the stock tdp , right now it should be 157w with the power limit decrease . 
  never had issues with coil whine ( it 's there , but does n't bother me ) , did this to reduce fan noise . 
  mine 's at -42 mv btw , lowest it can go . 
  runs at 875mhz or so , when playing killing floor 2 . 
  i doubt it matters with gsync though . 
  i have a freesync monitor and framerate dips are unnoticeable . 
   poor freesync range, 
  what 's lfc, 
  last time i tried was when they came out , ran pretty poorly on my amd card . 
  might try again soon . 
  maybe some people prefer it . 
  i do n't use android pay so i 'm fine either way . 
  what does safetynet do btw ? 
  can i dirty flash it over 3.2.7 ? 
  someone said he flashed it over 3.2.8 with modded twrp . 
  edit : dirty flashed it thru stock recovery , works fine . 
  had troubles with windows though , had to use linux to do adb sideload . 
  it 's better to use game 's internal frame limiter if it exists .
