  should n't you be watching the movie instead of being on reddit on your phone ? 
  all of them are faster than my current laptop . 
  dead and forgotten ? 
  what 's undertale ? 
  about the same clockspeed as an i7-4770 , but no igp and is cheaper . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  upgraded to one from an fx-8320 . 
  yes it is . 
  i have the same cpu on an asus h97-plus , works fine . 
  intel nerfed it on lga1151 though , you ca n't use a xeon on a consumer chipset ( h170/z170 ), 
  so this is the world record for fastest steam support reply ? 
  where 's the `` any '' - key ? 
  i ca n't get that then . 
  or just use your phone . 
  never had this on windows , only on linux using gnome . 
  sometimes a fullscreen 1080p game goes to my second monitor and i have to drag it to my primary . 
  my 4g never expires c :, 
  but nobody likes amd graphics cards . 
  set up your anus for ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ buttrape, 
  you do n't need to buy an aio . 
  an nh-d15 will be just as good ( if not better ) , cheaper , with the only downside of being a big ugly hunk of aluminium . 
  yeah wtf . 
  people turn their pc off ? 
  `` hurr durr amd drivers are crap '', 
  it needs a full 4gb to work with gfe xddddddd, 
  should have taken a screenie of my 9590 comment karma . 
  driver updates should n't be locked behind a registration . 
  tell them to disable that shit then . 
  never understood why murican carriers charge extra for tethering . 
  i have cheap and unlimited anyway . 
  well i paid a lot less for my previous 4gb card ... 
  yes . 
  it never works for me : /, 
  i have 2 nanos , a text editor and an amd graphics card . 
  i do use windows 10 as well . 
  never works . 
  it just fails for no reason . 
   tf2 at 4k at 60fps, 
  has n't worked for a single one i 've tried so far . 
  made me giggle . 
  i think he got 20 fps at 4k or so in dirt showdown 's native port with an r9 290 . 
  i got the same too , but after changing a setting in catalyst i got 50 fps average . 
  amd drivers are weird man . 
  is there any benefit in using grsec kernel ? 
  mainly for a normal desktop user . 
  catalyst ai ( now radeon ai ) . 
  it has different effects on different games , i recommend making a profile for each game . 
  wine ? 
  i think some datacenter uses seawater for cooling . 
  amd a8 's are quadcore , they just have a weird layout which makes them not-really-quadcore . 
  it fits extremely well with a gtk theme ( on linux ) called paper . 
  try it if you use gnome 3 . 
  oh shit i never knew you could change it 's color o_o, 
  i just want proper hidpi ( 4k ) scaling . 
  especially for the damn ingame overlay . 
  i used a pci slot cover to fix my pentium 4 . 
  had like 30 bent pins . 
  is it a screamer ? 
  thankfully my phone does n't have flash so ca n't see it . 
  oh , did n't read flair . 
  i paid 50 $ for a 500 gig wd blue . _ . 
  chrome requires an addon for that i think : /, 
  g602 ftw, 
  in it 's cage eating cheese . 
  tfw lego star wars nostalgia kicks in, 
  played that shit a lot with my brother like 10 years ago , damn ... 
  i dunno if it 's comparable , but i got my fx-8320 to 4.7 ghz at 1.368 v. 
  why did tf2 even stop working properly ? 
  worked fine on mesa 10.6 for me . 
  oh it locks for you ? 
  i only experienced low framerates randomly ( dropping to 20 fps in mvm ), 
  r9 290 btw, 
  try using cuda on a hd 3000 . 
  starting to regret going intel . 
  i 'd go for 1440p , i prefer higher res . 
  probably only the monitor , as it has to refresh more often . 
  i have a 60hz 4k monitor as my main right now . 
  should i get a 144hz 1440p panel as a gaming monitor ? 
  you need to buy the dlc to load prices . 
  i got an r9 nano , it should . 
  what bugs , if i may ask ? 
  i tried ets2 on linux , only thing i saw missing was ffb . 
  install lib32-nvidia stuff , ca n't remember what packages though . 
   shit to compile, 
  get an 18-core xeon and you 'll have time for other stuff . 
  i 'd do gay porn . 
  pls do n't hurt my butt too bad ; w ;, 
  2.8 ghz pentium 4 scores higher than my old amd apu iirc, 
  i 'm like the only linux user with a fury . 
  mainly for windows gaming . 
  also waiting for drivers . 
  does n't do the same thing . 
  drivedroid allows you to install linux from your phone to a pc , linux deploy lets you install linux on your phone ( chroot ), 
  they will work , but some features will not . 
  they are mainly power-saving stuff , does n't concern most desktop users . 
  this is the first time i 've seen it . 
  why should he care if they are fucking ? 
  oh man , i remember playing this in 7th grade computer classes ... 
  liero is finnish btw , means earthworm :p, 
  implying he gets any anyway .
