  sad . 
  it 'd last me a day . 
  it takes less space though , which is what apple made it for . 
  yeah . 
  i might use more than that if i stream a lot . 
  my best one is a railgun high voltage mint , worth 40-45 $ . 
  not selling it tho , i like the look . 
  ( even tho it 's a noob gun ), 
  yes , but i think you need to host a server yourself . 
   during zed time throwing dosh doesnt decrease the amount of dosh held, 
  bad idea for people who use scrollwheel to dump dosh or a macro . 
  yeah , just password it . 
  that 's why it 's considered a noob gun . 
  fury series . 
   i 'm not buying a $ 400 + monitor just to play at high and medium . 
  [ reminder ] ( https://youtu.be/d5zsaavknr8 ), 
  watch it . 
  and it 's enough . 
  well i 'm running 1440p 144hz with one and it 's enough . 
  does n't final cut use hardware acceleration for rendering ? 
  on intel i know it uses quicksync , maybe it can use amd vce too . 
  there are custom kernels to get it running . 
  useless bot because both links show the same thing . 
  why would you install windows on a tablet ? 
  maybe i should switch back ... 
  both load instantly, 
  how tho , i pay 20 $ for mine with same speeds, 
  i really like killing floor 2 myself . 
  just hit 1000h . 
  amd 's in house solution is called relive just so you know . 
  some say it 's also better than nvidia share/shadowplay but i never had a compatible nvidia gpu . 
  i personally do n't really even care if they surpass nvidia if they can make better bang for buck products . 
  i 'm probably getting a vega 56 . 
  in finland you can get this for free with your rent , just with better ping . 
  that 's 99 % of our vocabulary already , you 'll be fine . 
  how many titan x 's are there now ? 
  that 's what vrr is for . 
  afaik the game is made in ue4 , it should look fine at medium . 
  gsync and freesync, 
  unless you have a 300hz monitor, 
  they 're still 830-900 $ in finland, 
  if you have a good commando you can totally do the last one, 
  i 'm in eu on pc as well , and i have seen this happen , but it 's rare on high difficulties . 
  when the old one is just too slow . 
  went from samsung galaxy ace 3 to lg g2 to oneplus 3 . 
  it can be done with scar too . 
  one day i saw someone trying to kill scrakes as survivalist with the railgun . 
  it took him 3 shots to kill one . 
  he also cried at me for `` raging them '' , when i was playing gunslinger . 
  we do n't use g2a . 
  cycles can produce very realistic results . 
  get blender 2.79 rc1 , use less samples and use denoising . 
  stop using g2a . 
  it has native support for everything except nvidia gpus and certain wifi hardware . 
  intel , atheros , and newer realtek work fine . 
  the only usb wifi dongle i tried worked , but it was slow if i did n't install correct drivers . 
  worth picking up on ps3 ? 
  my lg g2 plays 60 fps fine, 
  bad bot, 
  yet i still ca n't get 2933mhz on my prime x370-pro, 
  i saw a pic of someones car with a setup like that . 
  spliced molex cable so it connects to the car battery , cd drive installed where a radio would go and i think he used headphones . 
  only athlons and apus get tim under the ihs . 
  they use dow-corning paste , which might as well be really durable mayonnaise . 
  i 'll be fine if i can just buy the pack with only games , i do n't need another ryzen cpu ... 
  pc just for the better community and custom maps . 
  yes , i 'd get a gtx 1080 then . 
  my power is cheap so i could n't give a damn about power consumption . 
  anything with high dps, 
  i just want comment notifications to work again . 
  intel has used pga . 
  it 's gon na happen and people are going to use windows anyway because muh games, 
  mice too , wired or not, 
  also , if you heal someone else , your syringe recharges twice as fast . 
  i 'll just watercool them all lmao, 
  i do keep my pc on 24/7 , but when my pc is unused i 'm just running idle master, 
  it 's not an enormous amount but yes . 
  420gb/s ? 
  no , i believe it 's french . 
  germans use qwertz, 
  what do you mean by i do n't need a bigger turbo ? 
  i 'm wondering this too , if there 's nothing important i 'll skip it . 
  only from the actual physical store ? 
  i ca n't get there dang it, 
  it 's a good chair , i have one . 
  not a tesla , it 's trash, 
  minecraft, 
  only real issue it has that the leather is uncomfortable if you sit on it with only underwear ( which is kinda mandatory in the summer if one has no ac ), 
  apart from that it 's very comfortable . 
  oh look the embargo is over, 
  if vega 56 is cheap and overclocks well , i 'll buy one . 
  mine gets 500mb/s, 
  i wish i could use physx without my fps dipping to single digits, 
  what a hot piece of shit, 
  test video playback again , but this time on ms edge . 
  it supports hw video decoding . 
  why would you buy a g900 just to use it wired ? 
  and yes i do believe it turns it off completely , no reason to have it on if using it wired . 
  in pure multicore performance it will be an upgrade . 
  your aio is fucked , go buy an nh-d15,
