  every day i wish more and more i could uninstall windows ... 
  i once had 367 tabs open on firefox, 
  why have n't i heard of this before ? 
  add me . 
  link to my steam on flair . 
  what does `` od '' do ? 
  never used it :d, 
  `` the numbers , mason . 
  what do they mean ? '', 
  steam + eas support = perfection, 
  i fried an ide hdd once . 
  there was some wire i did n't know where it goes so i put it between a modem connector on the motherboard and the hard drive jumpers . 
  this was an old pc a 2 years ago so nothing was really lost . 
  after getting a new hard drive , ram and cpu upgrade ( socket 478 p4@2.8ghz, 1gb ram ) , i actually used that thing for quite a while , until a friend of mine sold me his old phenom ii x3 710 + motherboard . 
  that phenom is on my ( biological ) brother 's rig now . 
  which pc ? 
  if you mean the p4 , i used it as a server for a while and now it 's completely unused . 
  my brother 's pc has been working well , and i even gave him my old 270x this xmas . 
  i had a 5570 ... 
  in my opinion steam 's drm is already good . 
  i 've heard of people who hate drm but still use steam :d, 
  similar performance at same price , but doubles as a room heater . 
  you bought it to play with your friends , but xbox live does n't let you ? 
  but graphics do n't matter , and you got ta support the developer , right ? 
  i would buy it too , but the game does n't really interest me . 
  good for op though that he got his game on steam . 
  i have a 6gb ide hdd, 
  i remember a couple of years ago when i got a 1gb memory card on my phone . 
  it felt huge when compared to the 128mb cards my friends had . 
  now i have a 16gb lg g2 , and it feels really small :(, 
  i checked and [ this ] ( http://i.word.com/idictionary/fact ) says you 're wrong . 
  this is why asus included a handy button that takes you straight to the bios . 
  nowadays pc is still better in this . 
  steam updates your games silently in the background , while on console ( ps3 atleast ) you got ta launch the game to update . 
  i had my ssd mounted to the bottom of my case with blue-tack . 
  he did n't specify graphics settings , so maybe on low ? 
  and running ubuntu :d, 
  i can , but not the most demanding games . 
  on the motherboard . 
  it 's named directkey or something like that . 
  back up your files and do a clean install . 
  uhm , there was a post about this , and spreading manually does n't affect temperatures too badly . 
  i guess they just wan na play sum prop hunt but their laptops ca n't run it . 
  core temp and msi afterburner on second monitor . 
  any graphics card , i believe . 
  includes non-msi and amd . 
  yes . 
  it 's finished now though . 
  cpu ripped off by crappy thermal paste . 
  almost every case nowadays has the psu on the bottom ... 
  set up a server in your home and use ssh tunneling . 
  i do . 
  still , it was one of the early access games worth getting . 
  i like my [ finnish beer . 
  r9 270x or 280 . 
  i prefer blues , but if i were you i 'd get browns . 
  ducky shine 3 brother !, 
  but the thing about preorders is that you have no idea if the game will suck . 
  i do n't want to risk 50 $ on a game that ends up being shitty . 
  3200 hours for me . 
  they do n't care if it 's wrong . 
  it sounds cooler to the average gamer . 
  how does an exhaust-gas powered air compressor speed up a computer ? 
  happening to me too on lg g2 : /, 
  i wish i could uninstall windows too . 
  i need my games . 
  [ random guy is going to unsubscribe ? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/zteah_a-vnk ), 
  unix executables do n't have file extensions usually . 
  ( tf2 engie ) buildin ' a potato !, 
  i could never get used to the stick being on the left d :, 
  impressive . 
  i got my fx-8320 to 4.2 ghz at 1.2 v, 
  but there is a game i like that does n't work in wine at all . 
  exactly . 
  my grandfather is still playing tetris at the age of 63 . 
  it 's right next to the enter key on finnish keyboards . 
  we use an identical keylayout . 
  i 'll just not buy cod at all . 
  well , my m5a99x is blue ... 
  is that a furnace ... i mean fermi ? 
  the dvd drive i scavenged from a friend 's old hp prebuilt . 
  probably full of cat hair like the rest of the thing . 
  edit : just remembered i also have a 250gb hitachi with steamos installed . 
  to me it 's the price/quality/age ratio mostly . 
  40 $ for black ops ? 
  fuck that . 
  ( i did buy it on sale though , but that 's the only cod i have ever bought ), 
  i did like it , but got sick of all the griefers . 
  uh , you can use youtube without flash if you use chrome/chromium . 
  i had that same card . 
  have fun . 
  microsoft should come up with a free version of windows , possibly with limited functionality . 
  reactos ? 
  it 's not made by microsoft and it 's unstable as hell . 
  i know about linux and use it myself , but for gaming windows is still the king ... 
  i will leave windows as soon as assetto corsa is either ported or works in wine . 
  i once blocked my bro 's ps3 because his cod was taking too much bandwidth . 
  mine are wireless . 
  do i get a prize ?
