  fuck your shitty copyright laws . 
  i need a 4gb swap with my 8gb ram : /, 
  thx chromium, 
  [ still using winblows : / ] ( https://puu.sh/hzans/b8c8d2b4da.jpg ), 
  what 's monstercat ? 
  goddamn exclusives ... man i 'd like to play forza or gran turismo at 4k, 
  i do n't even watch dvds . 
  my dvd-rw drive is literally just sitting in the bay doing nothing . 
  it is coming ? 
  my friend 's case had 2 200mm fans on the side . 
  well , did n't check what size they were , but they sure as hell were n't 140mm, 
  \\  implying gamers care about via chips, 
  how come ? 
  my friend 's amd apu laptop was running 130 \u00b0 c at idle . 
  call me when tf2 runs on a raspberry pi, 
  slowest speed my isp provides is 50mbps . 
  costs 20 $ / month . 
  ip flood detection slows down steam downloads on linux to dial-up speeds for some reason . 
  my internet would use that cap in about 10 minutes . 
  well , vast majority of pc gamers are still using 60hz monitors ... 
  overclock that cpu . 
  hate seeing a stock clocked fx, 
  what, 
  half life 2 ( and other source games ) works fine on linux, 
  my hd 5570 ran hl2 on linux just fine mate . 
  ( was about a year ago when i used it last time ), 
  2 gigs of ram is plenty for any linux distro . 
  i was using xubuntu on a desktop with 1gb and it was really smooth with normal use ( playing solitaire , browsing web ), 
  also created opencl, 
  and my friend praises itunes for being easy and awesome . 
  fx series are made for overclocking . 
  it 's like you bought a nissan gt-r for city driving . 
  yeah i 'm gon na use my g2 till it breaks . 
  actual 720p looks like crap to me, 
  why not ? 
  uh that 's really only a 2-speed with reverse . 
  f-secure tells me that it 's a virus . 
  i 'm running assetto corsa at 4k with a single r9 290 . 
  considering how good the graphics are , that 's some serious optimization . 
  honestly , 28 '' is big enough . 
  atleast for me, 
  i sit quite close to my monitor , and i can read all text just fine . 
  i think my scaling is at 150 %, 
  for the same reason they need iphones, 
  yeah get the 212 evo . 
  do n't even consider overclocking on stock cooler . 
  [ or i could just install this ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ru.meefik.linuxdeploy ), 
  edit : i just read that you had problems with creating the loop device , i had the same thing . 
  got around it by creating it manually via terminal and the app works like a charm :p, 
  yes, 
  something similar to minecraft 's redstone maybe ? 
  dual channel pls, 
  gta v uses all available threads iirc . 
  also knows how to cache stuff into ram, 
  friend of mine uploaded some on facebook, 
  \\  ios app before android, 
  what is this , 2010 ? 
  amd r9 490x with vtec, 
  lol we do n't need no stinkin ' backplates, 
  i like your music taste . 
  yes , my friends got to see the vids on facebook xp, 
  srsly though , vessel staff did n't find about it so nothing happened . 
  case does n't have an expansion card slot . 
  joke 's on you . 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  i was a complete peasant until 9th grade . 
  that was 6 years ago, 
  ducky shine 3 , taiwanese supremacy, 
  use dp 1.2, 
  what, 
  nice radeon hd 7790, 
  dangit , i have a superslim model . 
  yet amd 's linux drivers are still garbage . 
  remember fermi . 
  only problem i have with amd drivers is that catalyst takes ages to open for some reason . 
  fun thing , i know 2 people who actually prefer vista over 7, 
  thank god i installed malwarebytes pro on my bro 's rig . 
  before he did n't have any antivirus and had every possible crapware installed, 
  defender + mbam + common_sense . exe have been enough for me, 
  my dad , a person who has never used linux in his life , learned how to use ubuntu in about 20 minutes . 
  now gtfo . 
  i 'm really waiting for the new amd driver architecture . 
  i hate not having kms . 
  it is ugly . 
  but it 's also fast . 
  i find frustrating when people use american measurements when the rest of the world uses metric, 
  annis elegy and obey 9f are my favorites . 
  128kbps sounds fine to me, 
  when i was a kid , i played midtown madness on my dad 's win98 pc, 
  i never really got into it : /, 
  fanboys . 
  uh , 8gb is really enough for gaming ... only game that benefits from more ram is gta v ( in my experience ), 
  this applies only to ssds . 
  sshds should manage the tiny onboard ssd automatically . 
  needs material design for dual masterrace . 
  well you coulda just bought an 8350 . 
  atleast that 's what i would have done . 
  edit : woo i love when intel fanboys downvote me, 
  sourceforge has seriously gone downhill . 
  thankfully they do n't bundle ads on linux software xp,
