  it was completely unnecessary imo , i had a 28 '' 4k monitor, 
  and this is why every country should use the same units . 
  no more confusion, 
  most people are fine with it being non-libre though . 
  but freesync does n't work for shit yet, 
  i have a g27 , it works fine but ca n't remember if ff works ( iirc did n't work in ets2 ), 
  btw there 's a secret button combination for changing wheel range, 
  it 's possible . 
  yeah . 
  the most gamer-y looking product i own is a g900 . 
  it 's night and day difference . 
  i do n't recommend if you use a desktop and a laptop because the latter will be unusable . 
  and this is why i built my brother 's pc . 
  fractal core 1300 is a shit case btw, 
  wait do those downloads require purchase or is it free ? 
  that monitor downgrade tho, 
  crt masterrace, 
  false . 
  only the fury x is watercooled . 
  fury and nano are aircooled ( unless you get some xfx special edition ), 
  idk i 'd thing dual rx 480 can get quite good fps, 
  wrong post ? 
  in gaming and even desktop use it feels way better than 60hz . 
  i 'm trying to use my laptop but it feels slow as shit because of 60hz panel and old hardware . 
  i 'd be fine with a dualcore with smt on a laptop if the ipc is fine . 
  mumble only has voicechat and text chat , right ? 
  check xorg logs , it 's in either ` / var/log ` or ` ~ / . local/share/xorg ` ( you use gnome so might be latter but check both ), 
  also , press ctrl + alt + f3 to get into a fullscreen terminal first . 
  gdm has issues with amd proprietary too . 
  works fine with amd open source tho, 
  i7-5820k has no onboard video , and it 's a very highend cpu so no chance of one being in a laptop . 
  most people here play non-libre games on steam anyway , so i doubt majority here cares . 
  servers can enforce ptt , and i think most do because of the reason you said . 
  i myself prefer to have a mute bind though , i always forget to press the ptt key . 
  i tried it and does n't work . 
  mind helping me ? 
  it made a movie of my friend 's meme backups, 
  i always play with people better than me because i fucking suck, 
  keller had his hands in it , pretty much guaranteed it will be good . 
  they already showed blender and gaming benches , did n't they ? 
  all intel chips had soldered ihs before ivy . 
  now only x99 chips . 
  any error message ? 
  it 's a bit slow tho imo, 
  quite rarely monitors are actually 1ms . 
  most of the time they 're still under 5ms though . 
  then there 's samsung with their bullshit ... 
  almost 40ms lag ... 
  xg27vq might be good for my friend ... 
  nice mouse tho, 
  it 's well optimized too , despite using the eon wrapper thing . 
  at a minimum of 20 fps on low settings ( the article said that ), 
  took down fanmade projects that used nintendo ip , like some neat mario techdemo made in ue4 ( i still have it tho ), 
  it should still run on lowest graphics . 
  remove the plugin ? 
  i never installed it lol, 
  i recently installed avira on my laptop . 
  it was really annoying that they forced all those installs when i just wanted the av . 
  rgb dildos for pcmr perverts, 
  mobile platforms are still free . 
  i just wish there were good controls in mobile games ... 
  get the a12-9800 + mobo bundle , you can upgrade to zen later . 
  all major manufacturers should support am4 . 
  i just need to find the invoice for my nh-d15 ... 
  for gaming yes , because most games work better . 
  for professional work fglrx or amdgpu-pro is a must . 
  nah they 're alright nowadays, 
  killing floor 2 , because it 's basically the only game right now that i play and does n't work on linux, 
  twi pls deliver, 
  maybe assetto corsa , but idk if kunos can be arsed : /, 
  lot of idiots would also accidentally wipe their drivers while installing linux ... 
  edit : drives *, 
  thicc, 
  290 is n't even old wtf, 
  same with finns and `` gt '' , although less known . 
  i had an msi 290 and it was loud as shit, 
  no , but it 's a great extra . 
  if you count twinfrozr as reference . 
  oh , it also failed to cool it adequately . 
  ran at 86c . 
  not all games support that . 
  finland has good mobile plans tho . 
  unlimited available on all carriers , and it 's cheap . 
  i 'm on elisa , paying 20 $ / month for unlimited calls , sms , and 50mb/s data . 
  i 've used 71gb since jan 1st , mostly tethering . 
  where in finland ? 
  i 'm in tuusula and i do n't even have cable or dsl , only an lte hotspot + shitty signal : i, 
  consider that my r9 nano runs cooler and quieter . 
  even the card i had before that , asus r9 270x ran completely silent . 
  * swaps it for a better one *, 
  bomb has been defused , counter terrorists win . 
  use winrar , 7-zip , or other compression tool that can divide it into parts , transfer each part one at a time . 
  used g27 or g25 are good . 
  it should run minecraft at 30 fps at least . 
  i ran minecraft on an nvidia fx 5200 and ran at 60 fps on lowest lol, 
  or just remove them ... 
  afaik steamos still defaults to nuke the primary drive unless you choose custom, 
  aircooling is a great solution if you want quiet and reliable cooling that can do decent overclocks . 
  noctua nh-d15 , ugly as sin , but comes with crazy silent fans and can handle a 5ghz fx cpu . 
  r9 fury is good .
