  i just lay mine on my pc or desk, 
  just overclocked a vishera : i, 
  all of them require root rights , which are kinda hard to get if a system is up to date and the admin is not an idiot . 
  my monitor does n't even have hdmi , let alone dp, 
   implying linux is hard, 
  linux does n't have anywhere near as much security holes as windows . 
  pretty much everything nowadays is gui friendly on linux . 
  i do recommend you to try ubuntu or mint in virtualbox if you have time to tinker with it . 
  dosbox user reporting in . 
  ( i know it 's not the same as freedos , but it goes ), 
  maybe have a separate profiles for gaming and rendering ? 
  atleast msi afterburner lets you do that . 
  same happened to me when i changed to a new debit card :(, 
  eh ... my home internet is as fast as my school internet . 
  hp , never again . 
  my next laptop will be an asus . 
  you can backup steam games to an external hard drive , you know . 
  proved to be very handy with a laptop with only 1 hard drive bay . 
  i thought torture was illegal in pretty much every damn country . 
  install msi afterburner and use it 's osd to monitor temps while in-game . 
  i have the same card ( but from asus ) and it stays under 70c even under full load . 
  probably . 
  my win8 .1 gaming pc works fine after 6 days of uptime ( although i put it to sleep mode during nights ), 
  can confirm . 
  my 45 year old dad learned how to use ubuntu in about 2 days . 
  i sold him my old laptop with ubuntu and an installation dvd , and i 'm sure he 'll be fine . 
  i have 2 , never had problems with either . 
  i am aware of wd 's naming scheme . 
  i bought the green because it 's silent and fast enough . 
  trust me , it 's enough for gaming and media . 
  loading times are n't even near ssd loading times , but still bearable . 
  i know i could get better uptimes , but boot times do n't matter when you have an ssd . 
  it 's the most widely spread virus in the world . 
  there 's only one cure : linux, 
  naah , linux is more widely supported, 
  some steam games work natively . 
  but yeah , gaming on linux sucks atm . 
  why did you format it in hfs ? 
  macs support ntfs , you know ... 
  270x here , plays pretty much any game on ultra . 
  ahh . 
  1080p @ 60fps, 
  i never said that all games run on ultra at 1080p 60fps . 
  most games do . 
  i run metro : last light on high and get playable framerates ( 50 fps min ), 
  i do n't have a lot of demanding games . 
  still , i should have thought twice before pressing the send button . 
  i have a basic plan that gets me 100 megabit ... . _ . 
  why does everyone use a custom hud in tf2 ? 
  o_o all i have is a little addon that shows teammate ( and enemy , if you are a spy or have the solemn vow as a medic ) health numerically . 
  i 'd like a powermac as a toy . 
  i like tinkering with tech . 
  you could use a normal hdd for linux . 
  i would use arch , but i like the ease and comfort of ( x ) ubuntu . 
  i do use arch at school though . 
  linux does n't slow down as easily . 
  i 'm running ubuntu on a 7200 rpm drive . 
  i got ta get 32gb too , but no money :(, 
  what about fractal design ? 
  i only trust my western neighbor in pc cases ( i live in finland ), 
  well mine is 80 + gold and has a 3 year warranty ... 
  i 'll most likely get a better one by then . 
  not what i meant but ok : i, 
  meanwhile a guy from my country clocked an fx-8370 to 8,7 ghz . 
  midtown madness 2 on my dad 's work pc :3, 
  [ link ] ( http://www.kitguru.net/components/cpu/anton-shilov/unannounced-amd-fx-8370-nearly-breaks-worlds-clock-rate-record-at-8-7ghz/ ), 
  i 'm too scared to watercool ; _ ;, 
  fractal design define r4 ? 
  i have the same one . 
  i use it too , 
  how about 4-way cf r9 290x 's ? 
  you did n't know ? 
  if you need a slim battery , grab one from an lg g2 , that thing lasts for ages , even with the big ips display . 
  * proprietary, 
  i hope it will be optimized for amd octacores . 
  if you have an application that uses all available threads , they 're awesome . 
  i tried compiling the newest linux kernel , took 15 minutes . 
  ( 2 and a half hours on my dualcore laptop ; _ , 
  do n't they support max 4 gpus ? 
  there is a slim version , have you tried it ? 
  hmm ... would it fit in / data ? 
  extract the com.android.market.apk from the gapps.zip and copy it in / data/apps, 
  ah , thanks . 
  apparently i could do a lot better ... http://openbenchmarking.org/result/1409038-so-qqwe3829779, 
  mine is 3,7 ghz . 
  ( lightly overclocked fx-8320 ), 
  i have 176 games in my steam library and i still play mostly tf2 : i, 
  still got 1-3 and gladiator . 
  should complete them again on emulator . 
  i barely got to 3,7 ghz with reasonable temps : i ( fx-8320 ), 
  i had one last for 3 years, 
  i wan na know too, 
  you gormless tosser !, 
  i got dirt 3 for free from the amd gaming evolved app thing, 
  i keep very good care of all my stuff, 
  i 've never had a dell mobo fail on me , but all of my dells have had nerfed bioses , preventing the use of better cpus . 
  also , fucking btx form factor . 
  did n't the powercolor 295x2 have 4 6 +2 pin power connectors ? 
  i had a phenom ii x3 , it had about the same temps with a hyper 212 evo, 
  not really useful for me , since i do n't really care about windows , but thanks for sharing .
