  diesel cars are naturally more efficient than petrol engines , not sure why exactly . 
  and diesels can be fun too , merc om606 is one great engine . 
  i remember this . 
  was n't it some guy in australia getting his pc destroyed by the customs ? 
  i see no issues here, 
  loadsamoney, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ probly, 
  definetely possible to game at 4k on a 480 , just do n't expect max settings at 60 fps . 
  i gamed at 4k with an r9 290 , was n't exactly optimal but doable . 
  i believe you need the staging kernel with dc . 
  close enough, 
  chrome does try to bundle some tabs into one process though . 
  i believe intel is cheaper in india, 
  asus has some motherboards with built in rgb + header . 
  you do n't need to follow all of em, 
  man i 'm sweating after 2 laps on the nurburgring, 
  cheeki breeki, 
  get a phenom ii x4 , no more bottleneck, 
  i have an online friend in germany , told me as well that mobile data is expensive as shit . 
  quite different in finland , for that price you can get unlimited 150mbit/s ( no calls or sms , pure data ) , or 50mbit unlimited data , calls , sms, 
  aio bracket or a custom loop that with only a gpu block . 
  former is cheaper , latter has much better performance and looks . 
  put 2 spaces at the end of each line to get better formatting, 
  i thought it was a brain from the thumbnail lmao, 
  i think firebug is way better at clearing huge hordes than mando . 
  usually i pick fb on first wave when i play cd, 
  sharpshooter just seems to be the best for this . 
  easy to hit the heads , and most damage because they have increased head health now . 
  my brother 's pc ( re ) boots way faster than mine and i have no idea how . 
  and i built both of our pcs ... 
  i think this is only an issue in the us ? 
  i use mobile data as my main internet and my ping is alright on european servers and nat allows me to party and everything, 
  i know it 's a cooler master , ca n't remember model, 
  it did n't even get city right for me . 
  always shows helsinki finland . 
  well it 's better than samsung u28d590d ... 
  google might spy on you , but if it gives you convenience i 'm fine with it . 
  shame you did n't buy an ambidextrous mouse . 
  i used one for a year , it 's alright but heavy, 
  are you gaming or doing cad work ? 
  if only the former , use open source drivers . 
  i had issues getting minecraft to launch on an nvidia card , iirc i just needed to install xrandr and it worked . 
  i actually had this same issue on arch linux . 
  are you running gnome ? 
  gnome is your issue , you need to patch some library but i ca n't remember which one . 
  mine 's faster as well but 50 % cheaper plus i get unlimited calls and sms, 
  went looking , it 's called cogl and you need [ this ] ( https://aur.archlinux.org/cgit/aur.git/tree/0001-fix-glsl-version.patch?h=cogl-amdgpu-pro ) patch . 
  this is true tbh , there 's no real difference between high and ultra in most games ... 
  all moms bitch 24/7, 
  regional prices . 
  in finland , the cheapest decent 1080 is 630 $ . 
  why downgrade tho, 
  mine does n't do that , i think it 's cause my floor is some soft material and the wheels bury into it a bit . 
  til, 
  i can only tell a difference between high and very high in gta v if i stand still ( which i never do when playing online ), 
  i 'll always rather have high fps because it 's easier to aim . 
  a turd i got for free that had a pga478 celeron , 512mb ddr , radeon 7500 . 
  upgraded it a bit , eventually had a p4 , 2gb ddr , geforce fx 5200 . 
  this was in 2012-2013 i think . 
  first somewhat modern cpu was a phenom ii x3 710 , even with igp only it was way faster than the old p4 + fx 5200, 
  then i bought a hd 5570 from a friend , it was great . 
  since then upgraded like yearly , cpu to fx-8320 , then xeon e3 , then my current ryzen . 
  gpu : from that hd5570 to r9 270x , then 290 , then nano . 
  next upgrade will prolly be rx vega or gtx 1080 , depends on price to performance . 
  leaning towards vega because i own a freesync monitor . 
  if you want quiet with little care for looks , get an aircooler . 
  seek for the one with lowest pump noise , and maybe get better fans for it . 
  i know that corsair aios come with noisy fans . 
  yeah , but it 's sad that you have to use these just to play without hackers . 
  does n't come with controllers , but specs are identical to vive and rift , probably good for ac and pcars . 
  i think mine 's cringier , it 's just self hatred . 
  they 're pretty lax with refund policy i think . 
  they even allow you to refund and repurchase a game if you bought it just before a sale went live . 
  not everyone has a 3d printer, 
  assetto corsa , and project cars, 
  `` in most games '', 
  of course , it depends on the game too . 
  3d printers are expensive . 
  2d printers not so much . 
  last time i checked you can get a decent 2d printer for maybe 30 $ . 
  cheapest decent 3d printers are 200 $ and require assembly . 
  quadro m5000 has 2048 cuda cores , i think it 's basically a gtx 980 with double the vram + ecc, 
  definetely worth it . 
  in tf2 i blocked the ad servers and kept html motds on . 
  minecraft starts lagging if you allocate too much ram to it . 
  logitech makes great wireless mice that are good for gaming . 
  all those damn games you downloaded installed viruses on my pc , dang it, 
  which one ? 
  even high end chips overclock well on air if you get a high end dual tower cooler . 
  the raid key fuckery is the worst part about it . 
  it does use a ton of power but it 's also fucking fast , do n't forget that . 
  people with more money than sense will definetely go for x299 rather than threadripper . 
  but it wo n't show page titles well . 
  i had one pc that uses a system like that , it was a compaq with a pga478 celeron . 
  nope , older . 
  sounds like a cheap chinesium ssd . 
  blower tho , will be noisy . 
  overkill gpu for that monitor , go qhd like mg279q, 
  i sit at my pc all day too , do n't have this issue . 
  i 'm younger though .
