  kinda op with reu i think . 
  hey at least one of those get perk bonuses . 
  j\u00e4gerhorn masterrace, 
  mine had vga and hdmi, 
  sounds epyc, 
  fan died on mine after like 3 years of use , replaced with an nf-f12 and works fine still . 
  edit : actually , did n't die , but the bearing is fucked and makes a ton of noise . 
  on windows 10 it saves it right away to your onedrive . 
  look at the time , it 's refund ` o'clock, 
  winxp ca n't use any more than that anyway, 
  totally not op with reu 8 ), 
  could a oneplus 3 do that ? 
  edit : kinda, 
  tried super mario sunshine , runs at 30 fps , but has visual glitches , and also crashes after the intro movie . 
  used vulkan api . 
  30 fps with visual glitches on super mario sunshine, 
  you might have a miner malware . 
  which aio ? 
  only real reason i want it because of the sound . 
  damn thing sounded so powerful in kf1, 
  dead island series was somewhere in between imo, 
  i did the opposite , no ragrets, 
  works fine for me on mobile tho, 
  idk man i think the 1858s are fine . 
  framerate . 
  need muh 150 fps, 
  this happened to me on the same exact map too . 
  iirc 2 pattys and 1 hans . 
  even though it was only on hard , i was like nope . 
  let me test my new nerd gas, 
  yeah , most likely windows being dumb like always . 
  showed one of his videos to a friend , said he hacks . 
  i do n't believe him tho . 
  exactly 144hz . 
  not going to use vsync , it increases input lag , not by much but enough for me to notice it and throw off my aim . 
  kf2 has an fps cap of 150 tho, 
  what about it ? 
  hey i mean it 'll work , just got ta tuck the cable somewhere, 
  amd needs a site like intel ark in all honesty ... 
  every few games , i swap between j\u00e4gerhorn , rae , and classic briar . 
  got ta keep the game family friendly 8 ), 
  where in there ? 
  could n't find it . 
  also afaik there 's a hard cap of 150 in online play because higher caused issues . 
  $ 80 for a mouse is n't even bad , i paid 200 $ for my logitech g900 . 
  satan is a part of christianity , is n't it ? 
  r9 nano + unigine heaven credits screen = ohgodplsno, 
  how do you even manage, 
  it 's like gtx titan vs x80 ti , but without any kind of optimization for gaming . 
  are you actually getting that clockspeed at under 1.2 v ? 
  ahh , good ol c&d, 
  heck i did n't know, 
  it is possible with a good team if everyone has a medic pistol or another medic gun, 
  wtf why, 
  i use an lte connection as my home internet ( not american though ), 
  huawei sells routers with built-in mobile radio . 
  reason why mobile gaming is trash is just because there 's no way to implement good controls on a touchscreen ... 
  that 's why i only play ms solitaire and 2-3 clickers . 
  you need a beefy-ass phone for that , my op3 barely can play super mario sunshine . 
  i had one but it died : /, 
  i wan na know too , seems neat . 
  yes but that does n't make delidding impossible . 
  how do you even access google speedtest, 
  i keep my pc on at night so i just leave mine plugged into the pc . 
  put double space at the end of each line for proper formatting, 
  msaa is n't perfect . 
  microsoft 8 is better, 
  should n't cause too much issues . 
  they have worked on amd for quite a while . 
  i ran os x on a phenom ii and an fx-8320, 
  it says the same on linux . 
  same size as one tho . 
  kinda wish i could use flex , it looks so good . 
  definetely does n't work on mobile , and did n't work the last time i tried on pc . 
  how is gnome not good ? 
  i got banned from lmr for saying bad things about nvidia, 
  my laptop has an amd card , switchable works kinda well . 
  only issue is that i had to force the gpu to stay on indefinetely , which defeats the purpose of switchable . 
  that only applies to arch and gentoo, 
  phoronix is what comes up for me . 
  cru or within radeon settings . 
  former is more powerful , latter is easier . 
  sharpshooter is easier and more effective in the hands of a noob , because you can do 21 one-click head deletions in one match . 
  dualcore trash, 
  iirc on gnome all of that is done automatically now . 
  even the best medic ca n't fix stupidity . 
  3.8 ghz at 1.35 v, 
  no , only through dp . 
  op asked for hdmi . 
  unsupported currently . 
  do you need to ? 
  yup , my next laptop has to be 120hz as well ... 
  i 'm the top and the third one , did n't get to the second one . 
  i ordered mine online , arrived in perfect condition . 
  how do you even get 1200 fps in minecraft , max i ever got was 400, 
  i get around 400 like that . 
  3.8 at 1.35 v , do n't think i lost but just less lucky . 
  i 'd do a p-state oc if my motherboard allowed . 
  cost ? 
  idk,
