  well , ssd is one part of an enjoyable gaming experience . 
  i just changed to aokp . 
  it 's noice . 
  only the ui is made in java . 
  drivers and game binaries still use c and c++ . 
  i would write a game engine in c/c + + rather than java . 
  hello :p, 
  now i have 2 subreddits worth following cx, 
  dosh , grab it while ye can , lads, 
  maybe . 
  do n't know . 
  sounds pretty accurate . 
  friend of mine invited me to play bf4 once , since i bought it on sale and it would be a sin if i did n't play it atleast once . 
  i spawned near him on some field , my thoughts were `` wtf is going on who are we shooting at '' and died . 
  happened about 5 times before i gave up :p, 
  uhm , does n't svp use opencl , run on the gpu ? 
  my fav is scorch shot pyro because permakritz . 
  with uefi you do n't select a drive to boot from . 
  the os ( windows and linux ) installs a bootloader file to a fat partition , and you can choose whichever you want . 
  fx-83x0 , i assume ? 
  noice , overclocked 8320 here . 
  i 've heard of gedosato , is it vac safe ? 
  i 've been looking for info on that but i have found a lot of conflicting answers . 
  hyper 212 evo will do fine . 
  it costs like $ 40 . 
  best bang for buck cooler . 
  student : /, 
  asus has great marketing and i ca n't think of anything bad to say about their products . 
  friend of mine plays wot at 15fps, 
  i use my g27 in nfs ug2 :p, 
  well i do n't even know what he said . 
  ( deleted ), 
  i 'm studying ict , and our computers are in quite good condition . 
  especially since we are allowed to modify the computers we use . 
  maybe they 'll manufacture larger models as well ? 
  solution ? 
  build a hackintosh . 
  currently asus mobo , msi graphics card , fractal case and psu , 2 wd hard drives and one old hitachi , kingston ssd and ram . 
  so that 's why movies are still 24fps ? 
  1680x1050 is n't that bad of a resolution imo . 
  i have no idea why windows updates take so long to download and install . 
  when i 'm on arch linux , there have been times when there are 1,7 gb of updates , and that takes like 10 minutes to download and install . 
  meanwhile windows 7 takes hours to do the same . 
  depends on what you are doing . 
  if you do stuff that consumes a ton of ram , get the 16gb . 
  if you do stuff that relies on storage speed , ssd . 
  i already have an ssd , but i also need 16gb of ram because of my browsing habits xp, 
  thankfully my pc components do n't have coil whine , only my tv . 
  it 's not loud enough to be even heard . 
  it 's only on r9 285 , 290 and 290x , but i think it will come to older cards as well . 
  i recommend reinstalling . 
  just back up all your stuff before you do that . 
  i like the channel . 
  the guy has interesting points , and i like how he does n't `` sugarcoat '' anything . 
  yesterday i got a scam attempt from an account that was created 5 years ago . 
  seemed legit so i added him . 
  10 seconds later he ( or it ) sent a link to totallynotavirusthatwillstealyoursteam.com or something . 
  it would be worth the weight . 
  shame . 
  i was joking . 
  deleted ? 
  we have one of those at school , but unfortunately it 's dead , probably due to overheating :(, 
  nvidia did n't create it , ageia did . 
  nvidia bought ageia . 
  nvidia did n't originally create it . 
  they just bought the company that did , and modified it to work on their graphics cards . 
  laptop i5 's are dualcore , and even some mobile i7 's . 
  iirc only the the models with a `` q '' in the name are quads . 
  more like one command nowadays . 
  edit : with the catalyst omega update , amd now provides . deb and . rpm packages without the need to fiddle with the stupid . run file . 
  amd now provides . deb and . rpm packages c :, 
  installed ubuntu yesterday , took 20 minutes including updates . 
  i did use arch linux , but managed to borke it and could n't be bothered to repair it , so just installed ubuntu . 
  i know it 's slow , but it 's also among the easiest . 
  i 'd rather use arch linux but just could n't be bothered to repair or reinstall . 
  happens to be one of the easiest linux distributions . 
  i did n't get it . 
  installed tf2 on ssd . 
  i got ta wait for everyone else after map change ; _ ;, 
  just please , do n't announce a successor to gfwl . 
  we have barely gotten rid of that tumor . 
  but what movie ? 
  i rarely watch movies . 
  enjoy your botnet huehuehue / s, 
  like anybody cares , i use chrome too . 
  i 'd pay 500 $ max . 
  i 'm just waiting for the first freesync monitors . 
  i like blue switches the most . 
  oh , how i wish i could get rid of windows ... 
  me too . 
  just upgraded to an r9 290 from a 270x . 
  max what i would pay for acu is 1 $ . 
  the middle part of your name has 3 letters . 
  euro truck simulator 3 confirmed ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  my 290 is struggling with crysis 3 at 1080p . 
  i have everything maxed out though , i get 40-ish fps . 
  i have an athlon xp ( thoroughbred , ca n't remember exact model ) still . 
  surprisingly it runs windows 7 . 
  playing dirt 3 made me a professional rally driver . 
  if i was her dad , she would have no phone .
