  amd has released 3 cards with liquid cooling . 
  i 'm running mine with nh-d15 , 64c max when running p95 small fft test . 
  wireless is better overall now . 
  i 'm 22 and stopped caring . 
  i just game all day . 
  that 's asus, 
  yep . 
  also has decent battery life . 
  2-3 months depending how much you play . 
  if it was released like 3 years ago , and for a cheap price , it woulda been good . 
  are these your results ? 
  if yes , are the 960 evos worth the price over regular sata ? 
  hd 7990 is the sexiest card imo, 
  i game , but i 'm also compiling shit sometimes , and also learning game design and modeling . 
  would it help me at all ? 
  it 's also a thing on hbm1 cards like fury x. 
  in a lot of games , it can swap texture data etc to system ram without any fps loss . 
  there was one rotr result that showed this but i lost the link . 
  i had a non-ref 290 from msi and it was almost as loud as reference . 
  also ran almost as hot . 
  yeah . 
  i was using only 1600mhz ddr3 myself lol, 
  only bclk oc does that, 
  yes , xmp should work for up to 3200mhz . 
  over that needs bclk or other tweaking . 
  ryzen would be better for that tbh, 
  working fine on asus prime x370, 
  [ related ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa0cqnllgss ), 
  why not 8x 22-core ? 
  gaaaaay, 
  we had these monitors at school lol, 
  what, 
  well tbh , no human ever wants to take reponsibility for fuckups . 
  it 's not right , but it 's normal . 
  i just did that today but i was already tired and forgot results : i, 
  they 're making a sequel to the new one, 
  press enter twice to make a new line . 
  reddit formatting is weird . 
  yes, 
  nice mouse . 
  do n't all of them have kinda shit software ? 
  i 've had an alright experience with logitech though . 
  i never played it : /, 
  shit , but still better than consoles . 
  only upgrade it needs is more ram imo, 
  ugly-ass fans though, 
  i live in europe , should i be worried about isp tracking ? 
  freesync range ? 
  front panel connectors should use a standard connector , not fucking 20 different connectors ... 
  when 1160 comes out, 
  1440p is prolly gon na become mainstream before that, 
  guess who has a ducky because of that c :, 
  i dislike most gaming keyboards because they require software for everything , and of course the software is only on windows ( rarely mac versions ), 
  \\  not using linux, 
  i dunno why . 
  support is like a non-shitty survivalist in my eyes . 
  can be a trash cleaner or big zed killer . 
  i feel like i 'm the only one who enjoys playing medic, 
  some call of duty game . 
  that 's because nvme drives take longer to initialize . 
  gaming performance is only worse because of game optimization . 
  the os and drivers are fine . 
  shitty wifi drivers probably . 
  cooler ? 
  i 'm running 3.8 ghz on an nh-d15 . 
  1.35 v , temps do n't go over 60c in stress tests . 
  tried 3.9 ghz but it crashed in p95 . 
  i want drugs , now, 
  lga pins bend from just looking at them, 
  reliability and great feeling keys . 
  so fragile and weak . 
  you can easily damage an lga pin by sweeping your arm over the socket while wearing a long-sleeved shirt, 
  ya think my cooler can take it ? 
  huh , i have an nh-d15 and mine go to 64c in p95, 
  i ai n't scared of some immigrants . 
  yet . 
  finland . 
  tbh it only applies if i 'm playing sharpshooter . 
  i ai n't even gon na try to hit those heads if you rage them . 
  if i 'm support and i have an aa12 , different story . 
  i 'm fine with systemd because it works and does n't spy on you . 
  goddamn clickbait titles, 
  3.9 1.35 v crashed in p95 : /, 
  and no , silent fan curve from bios settings . 
  fuck i love ave. 
  i watch him for the humor and because i 'm fascinated by what 's inside tools . 
  basically every gaming laptop . 
  no , never touched em . 
   your device is not compatible, 
  thanks, 
  i like my corvette like my bombs . 
  i did play around with llc on my previous amd fx overclock , but i figured it would n't help much here . 
  thanks , i 'll try fucking with llc soon . 
  ye but run memtest86 + just to be sure . 
  are they still stuck on 3.3 or something ? 
  who the fuck even uses nouveau, 
  games ported to linux with wrappers almost always run slower if they use opengl, 
  glad i got banned, 
  why not sshd ? 
  i think they 'd be great for gaming drives .
