  europe ftw, 
  miniclip used to have their own version for the wii, 
  my case : playing tf2 on os ssd while storage hdd defrags, 
  link pls , i missed it when i played ep2, 
  [ * recorded on a linux pc * ] ( http://i349.photobucket.com/albums/q377/stockerspics/image_zpse0167835.jpg ), 
  all official windows versions are 32-bit . 
  nightly version ( experimental and may crash a lot ) is available as 64-bit . 
  also linux stable version is available as 64-bit, 
  our prophet just made a video about this http://youtu.be/lxaunqemmoc, 
  cpus , gpus , ram , ssds and now clothes ? 
  damn, 
  i use chrome now and can barely keep 40 tabs open : c, 
  is wp8 any good ? 
  i 'm not going to give up on android , just curious, 
  i had a radeon 7500 on my old linux pc , it ran glxgears ( opengl test ) at 70 fps . 
  for perspective my hd 5570 ran it at 2000 fps . 
  have you ever tried android custom roms ? 
  they are pretty sweet . 
  i am using cyanogenmod 11 m9 , and it has very little bugs , and very light when compared to stock roms . 
  my phone was fast with the stock rom already but i can always use extra speed :3, 
  u w0t m80, 
  took me 5 minutes to get rid of it when it slipped in my pc : i, 
  i know how to read , i 'm just wondering why you had so many tabs open and how your phone handled that, 
  i have the lg g2 but i still almost always close tabs and keep what i need . 
  my browsing habits are different on mobile and pc, 
  i know that the stories are linked , but i never saw the aperture logo in ep2 . _ . 
  they have done this for a long time . 
  i wish they did n't , i 'd like to use my 8800gt for physx, 
  i want a link to this too , i was about to buy nvidia, 
  remember kids , nobody likes a fanboy . 
  ahh , no wonder i missed it . 
  at that part i was throwing the cactus at walls because i was bored of all the talking :d, 
  do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior , linus torvalds ? 
  you install your movies ? 
  turn the fans on ffs, 
  grid 2 is bad ? 
  i have been enjoying it . 
  never played the original tho, 
  you can buy a cheap fan adapter ... 
  i have consoles too . 
  a ps1 , ps2 , xbox 360 and a wii . 
  but pc has been my main platform for 2 years now and will stay like that forever . 
  if you do n't want a whole new rig : more ram , cpu upgrade if mobo supports , gtx 750ti, 
  i believe there was a patch for that , but i heard it can trigger vac on the steam version, 
  ooh ... 
  i misunderstood that then , thanks for correcting me, 
  ... yet, 
  i hold my keyboard with my feet, 
  unlocking phenoms means unlocking locked cores . 
  amd sold units with 1-4 broken cores as cheaper models by just preventing the use of the broken cores . 
  in some cases they made cheaper cpus out of fully working ones for whatever reason and lucky ones gor quad/hexacores for dual/tri-core price . 
  fap in your sleep , more efficient, 
  also it 's faster . 
  they are inefficient and unreliable , potentially even dangerous . 
  you 're wrong . 
  winxp = dx9 .0 c , vista = dx10 , win7 = dx11 , win8 .1 = dx11 .2, 
  one of the best pc exclusives, 
  i ai n't a fanboy , i could have gone with intel but i do more than just gaming and need the extra cores . 
  yeah , they just introduced their r7 ssds, 
  iz ok if i use an emulator ? 
  yup , but if you plan to upgrade in the future ... 
  i pirated the new duke nukem and i kinda liked it : /, 
  mine too . 
  get another one for your glorious notebook , longer battery life and faster operation, 
  just downloading it overheated it ? 
  friend of mine gave me his pny 8800gt 512mb , i used it for quite a while before buying my current one . 
  holy balls that card got hot , 70 \u00b0 c on idle , up to 90-100 \u00b0 c on full load . 
  had to make a fan profile . 
  in-home streaming ftw ( works outside too if enough wifi range ), 
   slow, 
  i have similar speeds , just better ping . 
  100 megabit is not slow on any way . 
  there 's also ubuntu cola with an open-source recipe, 
  * opens gpu-z to check memory manufacturer *, 
  shit ... 
  euro kid here , i pay 30 $ ( $ 40 ) for 100 megabit cable . 
  and yes , i get the promised speeds 24/7 . 
  praise dna welho ( my isp ), 
  go for an r9 290x , but make sure you get a non-reference model, 
  i bought a steelseries kinzu v2 4-5 months ago , it 's an awesome budget gaming mouse, 
  i ca n't get witcher 2 to run on my pc for some reason . 
  it did run on my old graphics card but the framerate was terrible, 
  there is no reason to keep anisotropic filtering on any other level than 16x , there is no performance difference, 
  i do n't see a reason to use steamos other than on a gaming pc in a living room . 
  if you wan na game on linux , use ubuntu or something, 
  his statement is deleted and i 'm curious what he said, 
  try different usb ports, 
  i 'm pretty sure that a lawnmower ca n't destroy a pc case ... his dad would have to destroy the individual parts . 
  but that 's why there are lockable cases :p, 
  some of us are assholes , not all . 
  i use mse and malwarebytes pro, 
  of course steam gets updated when i 'm not home ... 
  what about reference r9 290 's ? 
  more hats ? 
  i never get this `` offer '' from java , even though i download it from the same page, 
  i would n't say the best air cooler , but it has the absolute best price to performance ratio . 
  there are viruses that can brick a bios , so i do n't think it 's impossible to brick a gpu bios . 
  i had mine attached with blue-tack , or whatever that stuff is called . 
  i got the fx-8320 , extra cores come in handy when compiling stuff on linux . 
  i 'm thinking if getting an alphacool watercooling kit for mine,
