  be quiet , i think it 's trying to communicate, 
  what are you waiting for then ? 
  go buy a gtx 750, 
  [ aww yiss ] ( http://youtu.be/c_vheawzbuq ), 
  i give my minecraft 384mb ram , if you have no mods and only play on far render distance that 's all you need, 
  i have the fractal , get it if you want a silent pc, 
  what did it say ? 
  for me , 1 gig has been enough with shaders mod, 
  tried it , failed it , do n't like it, 
  pc version of minecraft also has a world limit , but it 's like 6000000x6000000x256 . 
  i have played minecraft on a pentium 4 machine with a geforce fx 5200, 
  you can just / tp there :p it has no wall tho , it just kicks you out the server ( even in singleplayer ), 
  am i the only one here who still uses dvd 's ? 
  the only time a peasant could get kills is when everyone else is congaing, 
  i have the same graphics card , and yes , all games run on ultra , with the exception of some framerate dips, 
  i got my dvd drive for free from a friend , and a closet full of ide cd and dvd drives, 
  close enough, 
  i do have pendrives too , but i like to use a rewritable dvd for os installs , even it 's a lot slower, 
  confirmed : smartphones beat next-gen potatoes, 
  i 'm sure the 750 fits , unless your pc case is really slim, 
  ah , seeing less ram than you have is normal . 
  i have 2x4gb and task manager says 7,9 gb . 
  but 3gb should be enough for gaming , and minecraft needs only about 384mb of ram ( without mods ), 
  good bot, 
  a friend of mine has met qain, 
  you can block adblock-blockers, 
  i can see that you have an lg g2, 
  i prefer the old way, 
  are you happy with 30fps ? 
  also , amount of ram does n't affect framerate , only if one has very little ram ( 1gb ), 
  : / but seriously , stop torturing yourself and get a cheapy graphics card . 
  i have played with the same integrated graphics chip as you and i know how slow it is . 
  100 megabit cable enough ? 
  i 'm in, 
  install linux and you never ever have to see ie again . 
  unless you want to . 
  it 's possible to install it but i do n't know anyone who has installed it on linux . 
  i should keep my mouth shut sometimes . 
  i used to play on my dad 's pc when i was like 6 , after that i was a peasant until i started fiddling with old computer i got as donations 2 years ago . 
  recently built my budget beast and i 'm happier than ever c : ( except for the front panel audio on my define r4 , which broke yesterday ) right now i 'm trying to get my brother into pc gaming , but i need to find a more powerful graphics card for his pc , maybe an hd 6850 or something, 
  it is a pc , just more mobile, 
  [ do it then ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/install-internet-explorer-on-mac-using-winebottler ), 
  how is buying alienware peasantry ? 
  sure they are way overpriced but they 're still pc 's, 
  i just clicked new zealand and answered the questions ( if it was n't obvious , i 'm not from new zealand ), 
  even potatoes can run l4d2 on ultra , i think it 's the video, 
  he does n't use the method himself , just demonstrated that some people like to do it . 
  mine 's just a little bit smaller , 807gb, 
  i won dirt 3 from the app on the first try c :, 
  yeah you can run it, 
  a german friend of mine did n't want to play l4d2 with me because she did n't wan na play the cut version, 
   2 for $ 30, 
  i got 13 games for $ 20, 
  thank you , whoever came up with humble bundle, 
  i have a bit more humble setup with a 270x , still can turn everything up to ultra with some infrequent framerate dips, 
  prebuilts ... 
  do n't lga2011 stuff support quad channel memory ? 
  what is this, 
  reminded me of [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/v-fruomifpw ), 
  well get a gtx 750 if you can afford one . 
  it does n't even need extra power cables so you just pop it in , install drivers and start playing, 
  none, 
  i still got an fx 5200 , it was running pretty hot so i tied a small cpu fan on it, 
  i have a wd green hdd in a define r4 case and i can never hear it . 
  also my 270x is pretty quiet and it 's audible only on full load, 
  my hd 5570 ran minecraft at max settings . _ . 
  is n't xmp only on intel ? 
  my 270x never gets to even 70c . 
  if i 'm playing an older game ( like bioshock ) with fps cap/vsync it gets to like 50c ( idle 35c ), 
  also , could you take a couple of pics of your pc ? 
  i 'd like to make sure it fits so you do n't waste money . 
  i meant you coulda taken the side panel off so i can see if it has the appropriate connector . 
  atleast it seems that it does n't need a low-profile card, 
  what 's the deal with these strict laws anyway ? 
  i usually have 50 + tabs open , but the most tabs i 've had open is 380 . 
  with 8gb of ram . 
  we have laws about as strict as the us and we have no murderers, 
  fuck mechanical drives , ssds are the future, 
  it 's called : the steambox, 
  whatever you wan na call it . 
  it has a graphics processor , just dumbed down , underclocked and embedded into a shitty cpu, 
  i just finished darkness 2 , it has a great story , but it was a little short ( 5 hours ), 
  my ears ; _ ;, 
  loooooooooooooool, 
  steamos is open-source , so someone could do a boot animation like [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/8fgp7jfz2tk ), 
  carry your pc downstairs, 
  i have an optiplex gx280 lying around , it made a great web server with it 's single-core celeron, 
  check online first, 
  get a pirate copy with an untouched cd image , mount it with daemon tools , and use your cd key on it, 
  `` playing '' can also mean playing a video, 
  i like playing unmodified tf2 . 
  the only hud mod i have is an added numerical health display on allies, 
  get the amd , unless you need cuda/physx, 
  i have an asus one myself , best budget card on the planet, 
  automod can be a retard sometimes but no bot is perfect, 
  if your gpu usage is low , you may be cpu bottlenecked . 
  if your framerates are glorious enough and temps reasonable i would n't worry, 
  this made me giggle, 
  404 : logic not found, 
  my friend 's laptop has been running at 180 \u00b0 c.
