  primary monitor : samsung u28d590d, 
  secondary monitor : dell p2416d, 
  use software rendering . 
  blue snowball ftw, 
  when your reddit app does n't load the picture because it 's over 50mb, 
  i ca n't run gta v totally maxed on my r9 nano . 
  i got everything on very high , except grass ( normal ) , postfx and reflection quality ( high ) . 
  getting 50-70 with those settings . 
  i use xfs on my laptop 's ssd . 
  dis bad ? 
  1080p at 27 '' looks like garbage . 
  what cpu ? 
  amd cpus do n't run it very well . 
  i love coil whine too . 
  i 'd like a mac tbh . 
  used macbook pro with an i5 and 4-8gb ram would be just fine for my needs ( browsing internet , maybe tf2 ), 
  on windows , if my primary monitor changes resolution from it 's native 3840x2160 to something like 2560x1440 , everything on the secondary monitor gets re-positioned wherever windows wants them . 
  thanks macroshaft . 
  4 logical intel cores beat the crap out of 2 amd bulldozer modules . 
  i 'm ok with cheaters in some games . 
  if someone in gta online has hacks , and only uses it to do crazy and funny shit , go ahead buddy . 
  error correcting code , stores parity information , and if it seems corrupted , attempts to fix it . 
  i think . 
  could n't be bothered to google it . 
  i 've been enjoying mine for 1.5 years . 
  no neighbors have complained yet surprisingly . 
  i like the ducky better because you do n't need software to control the lights and shit . 
  works perfect on any operating system . 
  it supports mobile . 
  i have 24gb of ram , why should i care about usage ? 
  i 'm using the same app , works just fine . 
  maybe you have a potato phone ? 
  ayy keyboard bros, 
  mine has white bl and mx blues, 
  heard of it like 4 years ago , decided that i 'll install it on my first laptop ( parents restricted me when i was younger ), 
  and loved it . 
  worked a lot better than windows without costing a dime . 
  yeah man copypasting takes real effort . 
  i ca n't even remember what scout sounds like ... been using the jerma soundmod ever since i saw it in star 's video . 
  they rarely let me use a pc , and never had my own before i bought my first laptop . 
  and i got the permission to buy that because i started studying ict . 
  i already finished studying lol, 
  was a nice 3 years , now i just got ta put my knowledge to use . 
  posted like 3 times already . 
  no idea ... 
  your phone is faster than mine . 
  i paid 150 $ for 2x8gb ; - ;, 
  it 's not even fast ram , 1600mhz cl10, 
  amd cards can use system ram as a swap space of sorts , without any performance loss . 
  so technically it 's a 6 + gb card . 
  the 4gb hbm is just a massive l4 cache :p, 
  [ i knew someone would ] ( http://hardocp.com/article/2016/02/29/rise_tomb_raider_graphics_features_performance/4 ), 
  lot of people say the 4gb hbm is a bottleneck . 
  does n't seem like much of a bottleneck to me . 
  i dunno about gddr5 cards though . 
  making tf2 free-to-play was a mistake . 
  but the ipad ca n't run x86 code . 
  does everyday use need anything more powerful than a c2d ? 
  assuming everyday use means browsing facebook . 
  i get 1.5-4mb / s , depending on my luck . 
  damn lte connection . 
  tfw main monitor has 4 times more pixels than phone, 
  i 'm not even getting the speed i 'm supposed to . 
  supposed to get max 18mb/s , albeit my modem only allows 12.5 mb/s . 
  finland btw, 
  well , finland does have really good lte . 
  unfortunately it 's also an excuse for isps to not improve their service , and i ca n't have cable here . 
  ca n't complain about prices though ... 25 $ ( $ 30 ) per month for 150/50 mb/s lte with no data cap . 
  now if the signal in my room allowed those speeds i 'd be happy . 
  did n't the linux version of ksp already have a 64-bit binary ? 
  i 'm allergic to cats anyway . 
  you need to press enter twice to make a new line . 
  4k is more gpu bottlenecked than cpu . 
  i went from an overclocked fx-8320 to a xeon e3 , no difference in framerates . 
  nanos are n't liquid cooled , and can get quite loud if you bump the power limit . 
  amd performs better ? 
  game must be broken . 
  i heard that the linux version was stable , but windows version was not ? 
  nanos are n't liquid cooled from the factory , and they can get loud . 
  i have never had windows 10 pro install driver updates for me ( running amd though ) , nor has it ever rebooted while i 'm doing something important ( one time when i tried to launch fo3 it rebooted ), 
  that said , i still hate windows and i ca n't wait for amdgpu-pro to mature enough for me to use linux as daily . 
  depends on what his job is . 
  if it benefits from opencl , it can be quite useful . 
  my 8320 ran at 9590 's base clock with only 1.368 v , 
  my nano needs a friend too : /, 
  one guy i know is selling one for cheap , could get it . 
  newest k-versions do have vt-d . 
  4770k did n't have it , 4790k does . 
  uninstall nvidia drivers with ddu , swap cards , install amd drivers . 
  your brother 's build will be identical to my brother 's build too lol :p, 
  xp 64-bit maybe ? 
  they totally invented the low-level graphics api . 
  played flash games on win98 when i was like 7 years old . 
  nano is faster than a 980 , and a lot cheaper too . 
  ( 100 $ difference here ), 
  amd driver ai n't perfect either , but it works . 
  profiles do n't work for me , and sometimes the cursor does n't show up when i unlock my pc . 
  have n't had major issues with amd drivers since 2014 . 
  r9 nano . 
  only issue i have is that tf2 freezes my system after 5-10 minutes of playing : /,
