  try installing kdenlive on windows . 
  it 's not going to hurt anything . 
  only a strong magnet will corrupt data on a hdd . 
  i 've had games make backups automatically . 
  one such game is cms15 . 
  crashed one time , was greeted with a corrupted save , was able to recover from the game 's menu . 
  i bet it sounds like schiit . 
  whoa , slower than my laptop , it got like 170 score . 
  i really need to test cinebench on my raspberry pi 2 lel, 
  because you 're the product . 
  well it 's already proven itself with doom and dota 2 . 
  nothing wrong with ubuntu . 
  i 'm always nervous when i update my bios . 
  do n't the lag spikes exist regardless of api ? 
  but steam controller does n't work right , at least for me : /, 
  every time i use the trackpad , it tries to record or something, 
  weak . 
  needs 8 22-core xeons too . 
  what 's wrong with cinebench ? 
  it 's a good tool to benchmark single , and multithreaded performance . 
  i have a very stupid question . 
  would it make sense to replace my r9 nano with dual rx 580 ? 
  i 'm just getting very frustrated cuz vega is taking so long :(, 
  i have a freesync monitor so i ca n't really do that . 
  some people prefer to run games in wine . 
  1050ti is n't a comparable card to an rx 460 , the non-ti is . 
  not really , but devs do n't really care to optimize for multi-gpu anymore . 
  on my pc , windows defender got disabled because it detected that malwarebytes is installed . 
  tfw i have lte as home connection and lowest ping i can possibly get is 40ms, 
  lucky you , my mom throws away anything she thinks is trash . 
  such as my old logitech wheel . 
  the desktop equivalent of this can do 4k 60 fps on medium-high . 
  runs fine on my system . 
  [ i get worse minimums ] ( https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/91601432632880874/0b951425a494e7f012c3bc8ee9961942432a55d1/ ) , although i 'm running amd , so ... 
  edit : ultra at 2560x1440, 
  it 'll be a great performer , considering the 460 can do [ gta v at 1440p ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gximw3hikra ), 
  i think rae is cute : <, 
  firebug is good too . 
  have you tried changing minimum desired fps with kf2 tweaker ? 
  i was once put in a strayan or japanese server and i had 400 ping . 
  a good support with a trenchgun or dbs can quite easily kill one . 
  i always pick up the mwg in case someone fucks up . 
  even more so when they nuke right next to you, 
  do you need higher settings ? 
  it 's better , yes , but still bad compared to windows . 
  those still perform fine tho . 
  yup . 
  if you wan na do streaming or youtube gaming vids , you need to be either funny or incredibly skilled . 
  usually the funny ones are most popular . 
  it 's a shame i 'm neither . 
  i wan na watercool my ryzen cpu but i do n't trust myself building a watercooling loop ... 
  i do n't see it . 
  is it because i have a fs monitor ? 
  hoping it 's at least between gtx 1080 and ti . 
  yeah but i already have an nh-d15 , so it would n't be much of an upgrade . 
  in fact , it 'd be a downgrade in acoustics . 
  i do n't think the 15cm fans fit on any aio , i 'd have to buy nf-a12s or a14s, 
  i dunno , i think it could handle 4k 30 on ultra . 
  bought a 1700 , it 's been great . 
  might try to go for 4ghz soon . 
  shame he has n't updated it in a long time . 
  how the hell do i install that on arch, 
  cb11 .5 and 15 have different scores . 
  it probably does , but not a new enough version . 
  i was a console pleb back then, 
  yes it is . 
  you gain smt , higher clocks , better ipc , and an upgrade path . 
  yeah but it 'll be harmless for a while , everyone can see it 's raged and brace themselves . 
  also i heard you can abuse the fire panic to kill it faster , but i have no idea how . 
  4 intake fans and one exhaust ? 
  wtf, 
  that 's sometimes not possible . 
  yeah , that 's what i 'm wondering . 
  the fan 's center hub tells you usually where air comes out . 
  wtf , no m. 2 slot on the mobo ? 
  not pc related , but my brother bought a shitty samsung tablet with a singlecore marvell cpu instead of a nexus 7 2013 . 
  needless to say , now he asks me before buying anything tech . 
  guess i 'm blind cuz ca n't see either, 
  placement seems dumb to me : i, 
  says that for me too , but runs at 144hz anyway . 
  saw someone on facebook today , saying it 'll be 1070 level ... 
  he called everyone an idiot who tried to tell him otherwise . 
  i vill heal you, 
  * evil look *, 
  good teammates will chuck money at you if you do n't have enough . 
  in most games , the open source drivers perform better than proprietary . 
  try dirt rally . 
  i do n't own a 7700k , or even a 6700k , but when i went from my xeon e3-1231v3 to ryzen , gta v runs much smoother . 
  i dunno if it 's a placebo , but it does feel much smoother to me . 
  how old is this video ? 
  i can tell it 's like a year old from the 9mm sounds and scrake sounds, 
  now i want one, 
  is n't scart used only in europe ? 
  it works , why fix it ? 
  tbh , you 're not forced to use their os . 
  ek is such a nice company . 
  i wish i had the balls to watercool my pc . 
  or even afford the parts ... 
  i think the best thing would be if you had to look at the supo/demo to grab their supplies . 
  would be better for tradertime too , with all the supports hugging the trader pod ...
