  why did n't you slap him ? 
  people keep bashing on fxaa `` because it looks blurry '' . 
  i think it looks fine . 
  steambox ? 
  i hooked up my ps3 to my u28d590d , but that 's because i do n't have another monitor or tv . 
  i can barely run it at 4k , but runs really well at 1440p at very high graphics and fxaa . 
  finland here , dna welho 's 100/10mb \u00dcberkaista is 30 $ / month . 
  no data limits . 
  and i 'm starting to feel that my 100mb is slow . - . 
  what 's wrong with bash ? 
  is it worth updating to the technical preview ? 
  running 8.1 pro atm and wan na see how 's dx12 . 
  i have a ducky shine 3 myself . 
  had it for about 8 months and it 's the best upgrade i 've made . 
  thankfully glorious scandinavia is not brainwashed . 
  : o i like that cola . 
  i 'm actually in finland . 
  i 've ordered the stuff a couple of times from a local online store . 
  my keyboard has their company logo on the super-key , if that 's what you meant . 
  ducky shine 3 with mx blues . 
  seems like kwin to me . 
  i did n't hype at all and still like the game . 
  euro truck simulator 3, 
  i have an msi r9 290 . 
  max temp 86 \u00b0 c and sounds like a jet beyond 40 % fanspeed ; _ ;, 
  well i went for the cheapest option ... 
  mine did n't come with a replacement spacebar . 
  msi was the cheapest here . 
  bit over 1tb . 
  a server i have has a raid configurator that supports mouse input . 
  it 's a 2004 rack server . 
  i thought they were all 3.5 gb, 
  nope . 
  op shoulda set up family sharing . 
  what 's the point if the last half gig is slow as a snail ? 
  are fractal 's psu 's any good ? 
  i 've been using a tesla r2 650w for about a year now . 
  if you can , save for an r9 290, 
  no its not, 
  i do n't use any . 
  well i 'm planning to get a superflower platinum 1000w, 
  overclocking and potentially crossfire setup . 
  i currently have a single r9 290 , and thought of getting it a friend . 
  my current one is rather loud though so i may even watercool them . 
  i have 997 hours in tf2 . 
  friend of mine has a bit over 6k, 
  i 'm more amazed of how fucking crazy trevor is . 
  ( never played gta v on consoles , and i 'm at 20 % on the story mode atm ), 
  `` i am heavy weapons guy , and this ... is my sandvich '', 
  chrome . 
  win + prtscr so it prints is to a file automatically . 
  it does ? 
  i never tried it on mine . 
  samsung u28d590d , cheapish uhd monitor with a tn panel . 
  well , there are the holo and material mods . 
  i do n't think that 's the problem . 
  i 'm running the game from a wd green drive and i can play it just fine for hours . 
  there is some stuttering though . 
  mine is only 5400rpm and i do n't have the problem . 
  that 's fucking stupid . 
  why not just native res ? 
  i went from an r9 270x to r9 290 ; _ ;, 
  change your name ? 
  it 's because they have no torque . 
  i shoulda waited for the g3  _ <, 
  pc has a similar thing , but only for nvidia users . 
  they should support atleast hawaii cards imo : /, 
  yes . 
  it is . 
  also it 's a lot louder . 
  ( i should n't have went for the cheapest card ), 
  cable management pls, 
  does n't seem to be down anymore . 
  why not just use vector graphics for icons and shit ? 
  20 minutes in , and already killed twice by russians . 
  waiting for amd r5 420, 
  i had an fx 5200 . 
  was n't loud because had no fan , but my god it ran hot . 
  slapped an old cpu fan on it and temps were ok after that . 
  5.0.2 here . 
  afterburner set my clocks to half once and i did n't even notice it until i enabled the osd from hotkey . 
  finland here . 
  i get unlimited 50/50 megabit for 30 $ / month . 
  we need more moneyyyyyy, 
  steam controller ? 
  gloriously fast internet, 
  get something that does n't break when you throw it , like a ball of titanium . 
  are kailh switches any good ? 
  no love for kde ? 
  i did :, 
  yes lol  / mnt/windows/lol . txt, 
  and left it running for half an hour on a school pc, 
  also trigger diarrhea for added effect . 
  are logitech mouses good ? 
  not gon na get a logitech keyboard though . 
  tbh only samsung smartphones suck . 
  their ssds , monitors , and artillery tanks are amazing . 
  did you get it used ? 
  you may wan na change the thermal paste . 
  postfix is a great mail hosting software , but it requires quite good linux/unix knowledge .
