  i got one for a third of the price 8 ), 
  burnout 3 , right ? 
  i still got the disc . 
  :'( feels, 
  what, 
  meme arrows, 
  i play flatout 2 with kb, 
  there 's no g502 in the pic ? 
  i got one but it 's now my backup as i upgraded to a g900, 
  it can cause issues but it 's most likely fine . 
  just do n't touch it any more . 
  it does n't even work for me . 
  i 've tried with 2 phones , neither can connect to lgs running on my desktop . 
  tried on laptop however , it works fine on both phones . 
  what cpu ? 
  probably just ca n't find the temp sensor and defaults to the highest value 8 bits can show . 
  i dunno i never liked to use controllers on pc, 
  i know you need the money for r&d but this is just dumb, 
  they sometimes have good stuff, 
  yeaah but mine 's a weird proto with a pga socket, 
  yup . 
  you think i 'd be using ryzen if i actually got such a good deal for a 6900k ? 
  6900k is better , but not triple the price better . 
  you could say it 's [ our endless war ] ( https://youtu.be/hp-wdte9mmq ), 
  i personally like to use faster reload with the aa12 . 
  pc specs ? 
  yeah . 
  railgun for easy and safe kills , m14 if you wan na have fun . 
  that 's how i 've been describing the game . 
  cod zombies , but not endless ( yet ) , and better . 
  yeah there is , but it does n't work well . 
  open console , put this in : open kf-burningparis ? causeevent = benchmark, 
  just for basic video . 
  you can run a server without any gpu though . 
  it 's just a fucking shortcut , who really cares ? 
  they 've had ads in radeon settings for ages anyway . 
  setup , maintenance, 
  yeah stuff tends to run better on linux when you have an old turd lol, 
  i did that but i ca n't use the kernel anymore , cpu requires 4.10 : /, 
  faster setup , playing solitaire while doing maintenance, 
  well your youtube channel is appropriately named . 
  tfw that gpu beat my nano, 
  thats why asians have such small things . 
  they always want to make stuff smaller , faster , more efficient . 
  still faster than any hdd, 
  but why do you need to do it in the first place ? 
  the only time you need to log in in radeon settings is if you want to stream , and that 's only for your yt or twitch account . 
  i only tried relive once but it worked really well . 
  so i guess you do n't care about nvidia 's telemetry that 's still there . 
  and the fact that you have to log in to even use gfe . 
  a fucking shortcut is n't malware . 
  i never used it , am i missing out ? 
  firefox has always been laggy for me, 
  it 's not ungoogled . 
  chrome is just google taking chromium and adding their stuff on it . 
  this is whataboutism , but a certain company did something worse and never removed it . 
  g403 wireless , g900, 
  why do people even use itunes, 
  well 3300mb/s vs 500mb/s , and much lower latency . 
  yeah i 'd say so . 
  is n't there any other way, 
  well i never used iphones so did n't even know, 
  a software can work well without being customizable . 
  just does n't work well for you . 
  it 's meant for idiots who do n't know about recording and all the stuff you can tweak ( like me ), 
  bf1 is very cpu heavy , 100 % usage on a 4 thread cpu is normal to see . 
  he should 've bought a ryzen 5 1400 instead tbh, 
  dualcores are n't good enough today . 
  it looks great but it 's just fucking stuttery . 
  but hey , at least they ported it . 
  no , because intel socket pins are way more fragile . 
  amd pins do n't bend that easily from normal installation , and even abuse . 
  intel socket pins can break from brushing a long sleeve ( like if you wear a long sleeved shirt ) over it . 
  i actually fixed an older intel p4 that had 2-3 rows of bent pins . 
  i just used a pci slot cover to do it and it still works fine after a 10 second fix lmao, 
  there 's an app you can use to play steamvr games on google cardboard . 
  i believe it 's called vridge , forgot . 
  i kinda wish i canceled my asus x370 order and bought this mobo ... msi is the only one who seems to care about updates . 
  in productivity applications that can use all that extra power , yes . 
  probably no singlecore increase though . 
  3.8 ghz, 
  1.35 v core , stock soc, 
  noctua nh-d15 with both fans installed , 70 % max duty cycle, 
  using nzxt cam for temps . 
  in p95 small fft : 64c, 
  in aida64 stress test : 60c, 
  lowering power limit will lower your temps , noise , and performance . 
  lowering voltage lowers your temps and noise , but at the risk of instability . 
  and with certain cards , like r9 nano , it can increase performance . 
  3c difference between h100i and nh-d15s . 
  not significant imo . 
  there will be apus later . 
  tfw i have n't been playing for 2 weeks and yesterday i died to the last scrake, 
  i missed 4 fucking shots from a railgun , last one hit him in the shoulder , it raged , i got pinned , gg . 
  but why ? 
  too easy ? 
  depends on what strat you use as fb . 
  i do cnb + mwg , i tend to run out of cnb ammo quite often on later waves . 
  also i forgot common etiquette and forgot to give dosh to our medic when i played as support . 
  thankfully he got the ar next round and we were fine until boss when i died and left to play with my friend on hard .
