  i myself run arch . 
  na , still was pretty cool . 
  i tried the crew beta , and it 's pretty fun . 
  if ubi learned from watch doge , i 'll buy it . 
  cs go works on linux via wine, 
  meanwhile i 'm sitting here with unlimited 100 megabit cable , downloading games in less than an hour . 
  wish i could share the joy with all of you with shit connections . 
  my monitors are different size so i play on one and keep stuff like skype , speedfan , steam chat and mumble on the other one . 
  primary is 1920x1080 and secondary is 1280x1024 . 
  everyone here has gold except me ... : c, 
  edit : thank you , stranger :3, 
  [ what ... ] ( http://www.ozone3d.net/public/jegx/201310/amd_radeon_r9-270x_gpuz.jpg ), 
  i prefer arch linux cause i 'm a diy person, 
  i had the same problem . 
  try to install the realtek drivers ( if your motherboard uses realtek audio ), 
  yeah , unless it 's in official repo . 
  antergos and manjaro are great arch-derivatives for newbies, 
  debian stable 's packages are too old for me , but i use debian on my mumble server because stability . 
  i 'm currently using xubuntu tho , i installed it when i built this rig and did n't care to change distros . 
  '' compare this to pcs , where you have to download and install patches and drivers manually . '', 
  oh please , i just open up a terminal and type in pacman - syyu, 
  8800gt to r9 270x, 
  jerma985 's laugh is awesome too, 
  good bot, 
  meanwhile my server is an old dell optipleb with a 2,66 ghz single-core celeron : c, 
  it has crashed a lot for me lately . 
  you still can get a key from the guy who sold them . 
  just pm him . 
  there is n't a flash drive big enough . 
  ( while still being affordable ), 
  about 2 weeks, 
  any error messages with `` dmesg | less '' ? 
  ( scroll down with pgdown key ), 
  i 'm getting one for my birthday , which is 25th of sep :3, 
  edit for the curious : i 'll be getting either the ducky zero z or ducky shine3, 
  refind ftw . 
  just installed arch on my desktop . 
  so tired of ubuntu . 
  nice . 
  may i ask what gpu ? 
  atleast it 's faster than my server ... 
  can i ask , what kind if switches should i get ? 
  i am quite a fast typist even with my current logitech ( that i got for $ 3 from a flea market ) i thought about mx blues, 
  edit : i should also mention that i use linux cli a lot , and also play games quite a bit . 
  drivers ? 
  if you have the newest , try to completely uninstall them and then reinstall . 
  you actually can get lol working on linux . 
  if it 's the only game you play , just install ubuntu or mint . 
  i 'm pretty sure all languages are like that . 
  atleast mine is ( finnish ), 
  gmail has two-factor authentication , which requires your phone to login . 
  just ordered it . 
  unfortunately the store is out of stock at the moment , and it takes 2-4 weeks for resupply . 
  thanks :3 my brother 's birthday is in this month too , and i got him a [ nicer-looking pc case ] ( http://www.fractal-design.com/home/product/cases/core-series/core-1300 ) to replace the old beige oem case i built his rig in . 
  could have gotten a new gpu but mom disagreed with the price . 
  ah , good old birdshit paste . 
  we still use similar crap at school . 
  my current school has custom-built rigs . 
  ( although low-budget ones ) i personally use a celeron e3200 , gt 610 machine with arch linux . 
  i just ordered my first mechanical kb with mx blues , so i do n't know yet :d, 
  i tried to spread the love of gaben in a gaming group on facebook , all i got back was capsrape . 
  i have a similar setup . 
  i would recommend to get a western digital hdd tho , i 've never had one break on me . 
  yesterday i bought myself a mechanical keyboard and a new case for my brother 's rig . 
  i will transplant all the parts when it arrives . 
  i have turtle beach headphones . 
  i bought them because they were the cheapest available . 
  my brother 's rig has an identical drive . 
  oh well , he has nothing important on it really , and games can be redownloaded . 
  ps2 , because i had no money for a ps3 . 
  i have an fx-8320@3,7ghz and it 's bust fine for gaming . 
  only game that does n't run at 60 fps is arma 3 . 
  you got ta use some dosh on killing floor, 
  i used to use the arrow keys in cs 1.6 :d, 
  can confirm , i have a 2tb green as a game/media drive , with os and a couple of games on an ssd . 
  would n't call it slow , even it 's only a 5400rpm drive . 
  which one of these readings is correct ? 
  my motherboard is the asus m5a99x evo r2 .0 if it helps . 
  but which one is the correct temperature ? 
  i heard that the one speedfan is showing is the socket temp , and core temp shows the actual chip 's temp . 
  asus ai suite says the same temps as speedfan . 
  i 'd rather have a mac than a potato . 
  atleast it supports a damn keyboard and mouse without stupid adapters . 
  i dunno , used to core temp and speedfan . 
  also i have no idea what the whole thermal margin thing is . 
  8 2 gig sticks ? 
  why not 2x8 ? 
  but it 's dual channel , so 2 , 4 and 8 stick configs have the same bandwidth ... ( iirc ), 
  i have the same ones . 
  what did you excpect from a midrange mobile card ? 
  are n't intel x79 and x99 the only consumer platforms with quad-channel ? 
  rules are rules . 
  i assume your psu is fanside up ? 
  if not , it 's not ok . 
  who needs a desk anyway ... 
  [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/0djdtfqhmmw ) video was on one of the top posts . 
  aww yeah . 
  edit : ca n't get the timestamped link on mobile , jump to 6:28 . 
  on linux , you update all software at once . 
  on windows you only update windows with windows update and have to manually update everything else .
