  but i 'll sell this 290 to a friend who is using a 560ti currently , so it wo n't be wasted . 
  amd user here . 
  can confirm . 
  i 'm going for a zotac gtx 980ti myself . 
  i just want working drivers ... : /, 
  nooooooo ; w ;, 
  i 'm too impatient, 
  then my most played game ( tf2 ) lags : s, 
  it loads faster , looks better and is easier ... 
  \\  amd lowering prices, 
  yes , only in that situation it loads the old one . 
  but most important settings are in the new ui . 
  mesa 10.6 worked fine , mesa 11 lags . 
  stable was released in september . 
  had issues ever since . 
  1.1 k does n't seem like a bad price for that . 
  i paid about the same for my amd-equivalent . 
  my 290 runs it at 40-50fps at 4k ( med-high settings ) . 
  how did your 290x have issues ? 
  nope . 
  900 $ for a core 2 duo laptop ... 
  if that 's the price of software freedom , i 'm fine using proprietary software . 
  `` durr how do i optimize '', 
  - most game companies today, 
  b-but nvidia is always better d :, 
  damn , i forgot the / s. . . 
  980ti 's in finland are over 750 $ , and people wonder why everyone orders from germany instead . 
  honestly , for my purposes nvidia is currently better ... amd 's linux drivers have a bug that makes 4k unusable . 
  the open source drivers ? 
  yes , but they have worse gaming performance atm . 
  tfw unlimited, 
  x86 master race, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ jk , ^ ^ ^ ^ arm ^ ^ ^ ^ ftw, 
  i 'd prefer working linux drivers, 
  ejaculation simulation, 
  amd 8-core ? 
  does it bottleneck the 980ti at all ? 
  planning to get one , and i have an overclocked 8320 . 
  they named it after the cooler 's noise . 
  your cpu does n't seem to need watercooling imo, 
  keep that heatsink unless you go custom loop . 
  mine sounds like that at 50 %, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ kill ^ ^ ^ ^ me, 
  lmao my phone gets constant 150mb/s, 
  nh-d15 ? 
  with that attitude we wo n't get one . 
  tfw no support for hawaii, 
  yes , but amdgpu does n't support 290 's ... 
  also , fglrx has problems with my 4k monitor . 
  os x , because unix . 
  i ca n't even get mine to boot off the . iso : i, 
  just tells me code 0003, 
  tf2 lags for me with radeonsi . 
  drops to 10 fps at times : /, 
  yes , but fglrx has a bigger issue . 
  i ca n't use any browser with hardware acceleration or i get 100 % gpu usage and mouse stuttering . 
  i can work around it by turning resolution to 2560x1440 , but it 's not fun to use a monitor at non-native resolution : /, 
  and yes , i have reported the bug . 
  amd does n't seem to care . 
  i got my script to work and installed windows 7 . 
  now to get networking to work :d, 
  i ca n't get internet to work at all : /, 
  tried the emulated and some other methods on archwiki, 
  edit : got it to work , ignore pls, 
  wine-staging , has experimental stuff mostly meant for improved gaming performance . 
  ( csmt , native directx9 ), 
  arch on desktop , debian on laptop . 
  no reason really , just wanted an easy distro for laptop . 
  yes , you can pick the drive you want if you use legacy boot , or select a bootloader if you use uefi . 
  what 's my r9 290 then ? 
  i had one too . 
  built a pc for my bro with it . 
  the crappy old card i use for gpu passthrough is faster than that crap . 
  do n't americans have data caps ? 
  mine has only 2 though , and she 's loud :(, 
  i got the recommended wattage to go to 30000w once . 
  here 's something cheaper and easier . 
  amd 's drivers are still shit though . 
  what 's wrong with having the tower on the floor ? 
  i 've always had mine there : i, 
  only 512gb iirc, 
  did n't have any friends when i got a pc . 
  now i have way too many . 
  configure it manually instead of using dhcp ? 
  i wan na build a custom loop but i do n't have the money , and i 'm worried about leaks . 
  also i 'm not sure if my gpu supports any waterblock . 
  well you could buy a cheap smartphone . 
  but valve is still stupid for doing this . 
  i do n't have mine on carpet . 
  that 's amd 's own fault tho . 
  wait . 
  how did you brick it ? 
  ca n't you go into single user mode and remove them ? 
  ( assuming it 's on linux from your flair ), 
  i still got only 1 mech : /, 
  gran turismo 6 on ps3 gives you a free car from your birth year . 
  shame i entered the wrong year when i made that account ... 
  you said only floor , not carpet . 
  so i thought what 's wrong with having it on the floor :p, 
  i actually have a bottom fan bringing air to my gpu .
