  what 's wrong with that ? 
  i still have an internal optical drive , but i rarely use it . 
  why not an r9 390 ? 
  they failed to install the cpu correctly ? 
  you deserved it for buying a 3.5 gb card . 
  i keep all of mine too . 
  nobody i know understands why . 
  got my u28d590d to 85hz at 1440p . 
  at 4k i ca n't even get 1hz extra : /, 
  my r9 nano got 3832 points in fire strike ultra , 
  hyper 212 evo is hard for the first time , but once you 've done it a couple of times it 's pretty easy . 
  i thought of buying a quadro for cuda , but i dunno if i will ever use it . 
  possible scenario : poor guy builds a budget pc , some time after gets a raise , decides to just buy a gpu, 
  that 's what i 'd do . 
  i do n't think that apu bottlenecks a 390 . 
  how can people be that stupid ? 
  looks like a dead gpu or fucky drivers to me . 
  displayport , of course . 
  ca n't get 60hz with hdmi . 
  guess if i have an nvidia card . 
  125w tdp chip on a laptop ? 
  i actually do n't use linux as my main , although i 'd like to . 
  i 'm stubborn when it comes to gpus , i buy amd hoping they finally fix their damn drivers . 
  which they still have n't done . 
  so i spend most of my time on windows . 
  i have the same monitor , it can do 85hz at 1440p when overclocked . 
  radeon settings worked fine for me . 
  same . 
  friend of mine had the same , but took him only like 4 months . 
  he does n't even use it for gaming , he says his old monitor is better because it 's 1920x1200 ... 
  oh , i forgot those even exist ... :d, 
  freesync  gsync, 
  yes you do . 
  stop lying to yourself . 
  i 've used a g602 for a while now . 
  there is no ( noticeable ) latency . 
  probably encryption . 
  i prefer xfce over lxde , just looks better imo :p, 
  should run alright , i run xfce on 2 machines with only 2gb . 
  well yeah , but blind hate on wireless products is stupid if you ask me . 
  logitech 's ( and probably other makers ) wireless gaming products are excellent . 
  btw the battery on this thing lasts quite long , about a month in mixed use . 
  it 'll tell you when it 's low on battery , the indicator will flash in a very annoying way . 
  even then it should last at least a day until they run out completely . 
  could be dead . 
  i 'd buy new ram , as yours seems very slow too . 
  2x4gb kit of 1600mhz does n't cost much , $ 30 or so in the us i believe . 
  i got an r9 nano from xfx . 
  does n't xfx allow cooler removal ? 
  i was thinking of watercooling my nano , and it 'd be nice to not lose warranty . 
  better than msi twinfrozr . 
  i used one for a year , the fans were loud as shit , and the thing ran hot . 
  the vrms were 90c at idle . 
  i have an r9 nano , and it does have a warranty sticker on one of the screws , but it says amd . 
  if i remove it , is it still under warranty from xfx ? 
  i would n't do multi-gpu with nvidia cards at all . 
  amd cards scale better atm , 2x fury x beat 2x 980ti . 
  okay . 
  i was wondering because i might watercool it at some point :p, 
  yeah , i absolutely hated my last mouse 's braided wire getting stuck in everything ... 
  tfw no ultrawide : c, 
  my internet itself costs as much as your extra fee for unlimited . 
  and i get 150mb/s for that . 
  i ca n't understand how such a powerful country can have so crappy internet . 
  i have n't had a single issue . 
  h-chipsets do not support sli iirc , only crossfire . 
  unless they changed that with h170 , i dunno . 
  tfw no gf, 
  ikea markus is an amazing chair for the price . 
  i got one and i can sit on pc for hours without getting butthurt . 
  you got a new gpu finally ? 
  damn , must feel good to ditch that hd 5450 :d, 
  vram is n't that big of an issue . 
  also , freesync . 
  i 'm getting myself a new monitor :p, 
  yeah , some pc games have that too in case someone wants to play on a laptop . 
  i lost mine :(, 
  only ? 
  it 's gon na run out pretty fast , trust me . 
  does it affect framerates with crossfire btw ? 
  thought of adding a second r9 nano . 
  xfx is bae, 
  i got a normal nf-f12 , to replace the dead fan on my 212 evo i gave to my brother :d, 
  i had that same model 270x , it was so goddamn silent ... upgraded to an msi r9 290 , what a loud piece of shit . 
  i have the g602 and i 's a really good mouse . 
  what . 
  best value chair . 
  i got 150 gigs free of my 2tb, 
  do n't use a gtx 480 and you 'll be fine . 
  find a new meme , this is getting old . 
  ech , ultrawide monitors tend to cost a ton . 
  even 2560x1080 ones are more than my u28d590d . 
  i think i watched 4k video in firefox once . 
  isp throttling ? 
  i can watch 1440p fine on my 40mb/s ( which is advertised to reach 150mb/s though ... ) , but 4k stutters . 
  huh ? 
  graphics drivers . 
  friend of mine has a pentium g640 with an r9 380 . 
  nope , the nh-d15 is just better . 
  only custom loops beat high-end aircoolers .
