  i am running experimental open source drivers though , glitches are normal lmao, 
  nope , if you own the game , you can download and play it on any machine where you logged in regardless of os . 
  unless it 's a cod game which have separate mac editions . 
  and you may not have seen it because it was only recently released . 
  username checks out :p, 
  i ca n't see any visual differences myself . 
  i order everything from jimms . 
  lowest prices , free candy and free shipping . 
  what more would you want ? 
  from my experience , parts have always been cheaper on jimms . 
  in a windows driver package ? 
  there was one made by intel too , iirc called skulltrail, 
  if that 's with your current specs , the horror stories i 've heard were right, 
  some only mentally . 
  hey it 's the same age as my little brother, 
  that 's fucking dumb if you ask me, 
  same in finland i believe . 
  prolly got a deal . 
  i dunno man , i ran 4k with a 290 for a long time . 
  medium-high settings on any game ran just fine . 
  was it dead already ? 
  it does n't make sense that 64-bit bins and libs are in system32 , and vice versa . 
  at least linux makes some fucking sense . 
  i did it once and sold it next round . 
  get the .500 magnum . 
  i only got mine to 2666mhz : /, 
  what kind of a pleb drinks decaf, 
  well yeah , iirc nehalem had issues too . 
  is n't ut4 supposed to be good again ? 
  i 'd upload my brand new ryzen 7 pic but idk how : i, 
  it 's not that bad . 
  gtx 1080 used to be that pricey . 
  i just use 2 fans , they 're enough . 
  i bought a 120 gig sp550 for my brother , was n't even his birthday lol, 
  i 'm also giving him my current cpu , mobo and ram lol, 
  and linux has even better, 
  mine was a piece of shit laptop that lagged on idle . 
  and it was running linux ffs, 
  i did , just forgot to update my flair . 
  i 'd love to do this but i have no idea how : <, 
  i 'm hoping for one too . 
  i did get my ram to 2666mhz though , which is nice . 
  thanks for telling me , was just gon na install it . 
  it 's great , but kinda loud under load . 
  i 've been meaning to test streaming but forgot : i, 
  and dem flex effects i ca n't use . 
  mmm , sexy . 
   4 ) no enemies or teammates are blocking your line of fire so you do n't lose damage from penetration, 
  that 's difficult when you 're playing with russians . 
  it 's not as bad as my non-ref r9 290 was tho lol, 
  try overclocking your ram to 2666mhz , worked fine for me . 
  afaik source does n't even let you put the cap under 30 fps . 
  you need an external fps cap . 
  maybe mbam too just to be safe . 
  i never saw the point in pi-hole . 
  is it just for people who have tons of devices ? 
  i use only a desktop and a phone , i install adblockers per-device . 
  if you 're going to do any kind of multitasking , get ryzen 5 . 
  an i5 is n't enough . 
  i thought i set them to 15-17-17-35 , but cpu-z says 16-17-19-36 : i, 
  well adaway has been great for me . 
  on pc i can just use a hosts file . 
  mine 's at 1.35 v , that 's what the xmp profile sets it to . 
  i have custom settings tho , not using the profile . 
  i use it sometimes . 
  issues with windows 10 make me want to use it fulltime , but games prevent me . 
  i do n't have it downloaded , i 'd test if i did :(, 
  slow internet too . 
  `` useless '', 
  no it 's not . 
  rae cuz she 's a qt, 
  i saw it but did n't realize what it was . _ . 
  spitfires can be good on gs if you kite . 
  causes fire panic on zeds . 
  i 'm going to buy this exact model too . 
  is it good ? 
  worth the price increase over sata 3 ssds ? 
  yup , recently upgraded my cpu . 
  afaik there exist only one dualcore i5 for desktop , and it 's from like the nehalem era ... 
  random fact : peru means `` cancel '' in finnish, 
  linux is a pc os, 
  tfw you can do that on android . 
  i tried it myself , laggy as shit but works . 
  not really useful for anything tho, 
  x in the chipset ? 
  in cpu name , it means the xfr can boost cores by 100mhz , whereas non-x only 50mhz . 
  what about ram speed ? 
  it matters a lot on ryzen . 
  not as much though . 
  true , i 'm an nsa bot in reality . 
  well i have only 2 sticks , they run fine at 2666mhz :p, 
  it never managed to control fan speed for me : /, 
  i do n't think sharpy is op . 
  it does high af damage , but is very vulnerable without team 's help . 
  i got mine to 3.7 ghz without touching core voltage : i, 
  it seems to be at 1.33 v stock though , is that normal ? 
  finland 's secret bolis ? 
  : ---------- dddddddddddd, 
  so rather get more ram or a bigger ssd ? 
  also , my friend told me that in his experience nvme makes a huge improvement on linux , and not much on windows .
