  except the ethernet from my fancy lte modem . 
  no data cap . 
  if there was , i 'd pay like 1000 $ in overage fees ... 
  the modem i have is some fancy huawei thing , but unfortunately it only has 100mb/s ethernet : /, 
  is n't it ahci by default ? 
  how do people do mistakes like this . 
  some h boards do support overclocking . 
  killing floor 1 & 2 have some nice soundtracks doe, 
  300 in 3 years . 
  i never use controller in gta v , not even when driving . 
  i actually find myself driving better with keyboard . 
  probably did n't work just because it 's such new hardware . 
  there are motherboards that do n't support pwm ? 
  all modern boards i 've seen support pwm case fans . 
  i use keyboard for everything , even flying . 
  i just put some foam on mine , around the screw . 
  i should do that , but my card has a broken fan so it 's loud ( only 1 of 2 fans spin properly ), 
   not all of intels cpus have vt-d, 
  most i5 and i7 processors do , and even some later unlocked chips ( 4790k ), 
  fx 'd, 
  i do n't mind it . 
  it starts instantly for me and i find it a bit easier to use . 
  i have a dedicated button for calculator . 
  i believe nvidia drivers support wayland , but amd 's does n't yet . 
  huh . 
  friend of mine told me that he ran wayland on nvidia successfully . 
  same happens to me with dying light . 
  never found a solution : /, 
  and i 'm here wishing i could ditch windows completely and become a penguin . 
  pxe boot over wifi maybe ? 
  hdcp is a broken piece of shit that can be avoided . 
  video not available . 
  i have a shit cooler , ca n't get any more : /, 
  i ca n't search with only 1 gpu : /, 
  it was a friend who claimed he got wayland working on nvidia proprietary : <, 
  just asked , he said it was proprietary . 
  only for mobile for me apparently ... 
  or 4k 60hz, 
  i think fxaa looks fine . 
  might be because my resolution is so huge anyway . 
  how 's the performance ? 
  i wan na get one to replace my 290, 
  audio does n't work , or the game does n't work at all ? 
  outlast is not free . 
  you think it 'd handle 4k ? 
  my 290 struggles a lot lol, 
  i 'm not looking for ultra settings . 
  just 4k 60fps, 
  are you using steam overlay browser when it happens ? 
  it happened to me , turned out it was flash causing it . 
  most important component not in the loop . 
  shame . 
  1tb is not enough . 
  i have a 2tb drive , it 's almost full . 
  we have identical builds , atleast for cpu and gpu :p, 
  huge gpu on a tiny motherboard looks funny . 
  i might get an r9 nano for my atx rig lol, 
  only my keyboard has rgb leds , and only 2 under the spacebar . 
  mouse has just some indicator leds for battery level and dpi setting . 
  rgb webcam ? 
  no money for a cheap gpu ? 
  gpu, 
  did a quick google , seems to have a pcie 16x slot . 
  check yours inside though just to make sure . 
  hope your financial situation gets better , 
  i always turn it off . 
  does n't help me much . 
  it should handle a gtx 750 . 
  teamviewer does that iirc, 
  now overclock . 
  pc was too hot and you came on it when gaming . 
  i upgraded to wireless lately . 
  why ? 
  the wireless version is already perfect . 
  i 'm wondering too , never seen . 
  i went for xeon instead of i5 . 
  could n't be happier . 
  fractal define r4 , no case badges or stickers apart from the xeon one . 
  android is not meant to be used with a keyboard and mouse , even though it supports them . 
  sleeper build ? 
  that 's really nice :p, 
  did you ever post pics of it here ? 
  i really like it . 
  hated my previous wired mouse , the braided cable got stuck to table corner and mic stand :d, 
  there 's no noticeable latency either , which some wireless mice have . 
  yeah , 4770k and all k chips before that did n't have it ... 4790k onwards will have it though . 
  shine 3 life < 3, 
  even has mx blues :3, 
  if you lived in europe , i 'd send you a free gpu . 
  hd 5570 , should handle some games , i remember playing tf2 with it at 1080p . 
  i dunno , maybe he just did run wayland under x and did n't know ... 
  he said it was a beta driver though ( then newest , 355.06 ), 
  i own a nh-d15 . 
  kept my overclocked fx-8320 cool . 
  oc 'd my fx8320 to 4.4 ghz with that . 
  kept it under 60 \u00b0 c at all times . 
  same with msi 200 series . 
  mine raised by 6c . 
  could be . 
  i 'm a bit of a retard .
