  all you need is a medic ar and you 're all set . 
  if your teammates are n't complete knobs you 'll easily get it on wave 2 . 
  from that point on you can maybe get a boomstick and chuck the rest to the swat/gs . 
  firebugs do n't need money when the only gun you need is the starter ... 
  that got fixed, 
  working fine for me in solo and multiplayer . 
  i think that 's hilarious , i do n't even care if they do n't fix it . 
  i have an identical card lol, 
  it ran hot as shit so i put on a small fan from an old amd heatsink , but did n't have screws so i tied it on with speaker wire . 
  vp9 hardware decoding only works on edge and safari at the moment afaik, 
  that means hardware decoding is working for you . 
  so either the price leaks are bullshit or they have a trick up their sleeve to improve performance significantly . 
  derp i was reading another comment too and thought the whole thread was about how expensive swats ammo is . 
  heyy they learned from last time and did n't spread the paste or put too much, 
  atleast they did n't put too much tho . 
  i 'd like the mk23 back . 
  what i 'd like is higher refresh rate support . 
  sure i can do 3200x1800 but limited to 60hz ... 
  pc parts do n't fail that often . 
  i still have a 10 year old wd green that works fine . 
  \\* sees bulge *, 
  we have tried but majority of the retards wan na keep eu, 
  whoa they added a plus to the name ? 
  is the pok3r good ? 
  i kinda wan na buy one for gaming . 
  i 'd just use it for gaming because of the size . 
  i have a fullsize mech right now , and i tend to hit my mouse on it sometimes when i aim to the left quickly, 
  found the only person who actually bought x299, 
  it 's in a mod though , pretty much perfect to be added into kf2 already . 
  slap the hbm on top of the gpu , like raspberry pi soc has ram on top of it . 
  heyy i got the same mobo and ram . 
  bad choices . 
  not really gore , some compressed air and isopropyl alc will fix that . 
  nah man , perfect heater too . 
  i ca n't get the ram to run at its rated speed . 
  meanwhile my friend with same ram but a gigabyte mobo got it working with xmp . 
  only the highest quality plastique, 
  yeah fuck it , i 'm just gon na get a 1080 ... 
  higher framerate = easier to aim = advantage, 
   they both beat 1080ti by 10-20 percent, 
  you might have luck with samsung b-die ram . 
  i think g.skill flarex has that and is certified to run at 3200mhz on any ryzen system . 
  i ditch the m1911s and med pistol for the spx on boss wave . 
  fucking hell , am i the unluckiest person on the planet with memory ? 
  all i 'm happy about that neither of you called it 2k . 
  no , 2k is 2048x1080 ... 
  the 2 last ones exist in form of a mod . 
  it 's a bot . 
  yes . 
  even first gen hbm would do . 
  virtual machines can use virtual hard disks you know ... 
  my friend hated his fx so much he refuses to believe ryzen is good . 
  there was a chart that implied the i3-7350k is better than the new ryzen 3 cpus and actually belives that shit . 
  same, 
  salazar/science studio benched it earlier , put the i3 against an i5-7400 , and in basically every test the i5 won , while costing the same . 
  there 's a reason why he uses that i3 as a box cutter . 
  idk about him but in finland we have that cheap power . 
  heat generation is n't an issue in finland really , just open a window and your room is cool again, 
  blower designs can have a vapor chamber . 
  man i do n't even have a windowed case, 
  i have it installed but i 'm still stuck at 2666mhz, 
  hell , i paid like 5 cents when i lived in helsinki, 
  unnecessary, 
  used parts are cheaper, 
  that 's my point . 
  4k screens , each card takes about a quarter of one screen , i 'd say it 's accurate . 
  1440p has no `` k '' designation . 
  link please . 
  ` murica, 
  or arch . 
  most packages in aur require compilation , bigger ones hugely benefit from high corecount cpus, 
  if you 're talking consumer level 3d work , i 'll bet blender is the most common , which works on basically any os . 
  my friend uses ps daily , he swapped from an i7-6700k to ryzen 7 1700x , says everything is significantly faster and smoother . 
  oh i thought you were using them for productivity . 
  tried the new ubershaders , did n't seem to help much : /, 
  install gentoo, 
  on android , apps can tell the os that they 're displaying sensitive information and prevent screenshotting . 
  my banking app for example does this . 
  you can get around it with an xposed module though , or just using a screen recorder . 
  my friend just linked it to me lol, 
  vulkan of course . 
  and so durable you can have them powered on for years nonstop, 
  i only tested mario kart double dash , did n't try dx11 at all . 
  they 're in finland too but we get price cucked again [ gg ] ( https://www.jimms.fi/en/product/list/000-1kl/komponentit--prosessorit--amd-socket-str4 ), 
  hey i bought it too . 
  depends where you live . 
  when i lived in helsinki i paid 0.05 $ per kwh . 
  crysis 3 at 8k, 
  that has been a thing since hawaii tho, 
  and end up with a broken fridge . 
  yes, 
  armor is for wave 7 +, 
  and your flair checks out . 
  that 's fucking stupid . 
  built-in aimbot ? 
  i just hit 1kh in kf2 , only seen one cheater . 
  it was actually fun to watch . 
  basic console peasant then . 
  i had a pc with a cooler like this , you need to push the tabs on the green shits so they bend a little and come out , then pull the heatsink ( twist first if you can ), 
  bitcoin mining mobo ?
