  i just really want smaa . 
  i think i had that chair ... 
  it was fucking shit, 
  chrome is based on chromium : i, 
  not sure, 
  if this is the same chair , i do n't understand how you even can sit on it . 
  on mine the `` leather '' started stretching and tearing , the cushion was so hard my ass hurt, 
  * opens radeon settings *, 
  * turns down tessellation *, 
  where is your green god now, 
  asus mg279q, 
  it does work for me at 60-144 range . 
  game 's own fps cap is always the best , then frtc i think . 
  i mean you can use freesync in other games still ... 
  in csgo you should just let it go as high as it can . 
  on one rpg server the game spawns like 64 pepsimen ( modded scrake ) at a time . 
  check logs , also try playing without any overclock . 
  i 'd say make an overclock profile for the game but i do n't know if it 's possible on nvidia : i ( amd wattman allows it ), 
  hans the handsome, 
  logs are saved in c : \\ users \\ username \\ documents \\ my games \\ killingfloor2 \\ kfgame \\ logs, 
  i 'm hoping for 8gb base versions and 16gb enthusiast versions . 
   lfc is now mandatory with freesync 2, 
  thank god . 
  finally the end of shitty monitors ? 
  i 'm hoping they 'll have another proprietary driver for gamers . 
  and now xfx makes some of the best amd cards . 
  you saw a dream, 
  when you use btrfs for easier partitioning and excellent compression but it fragments easier than ntfs, 
  it can also be fixed . 
  my friend somehow corrupted his kali install , i fixed it in like 5 mins and he 's like `` whoa you 're like a wizard '', 
  100mb/s is normal for spinning hard drives . 
  kali linux is not for desktop use . 
  it 's meant for penetration testing ( hacking basically ) , and you 'll have a bad time with it . 
  best distro for gaming is probably arch linux , but it 's difficult for new users . 
  not everyone has the money for pcie ssds . 
  weirdo americans using inches and fahrenheit, 
  linux can run a lot of windows-only games through a compatibility layer called wine . 
  it 's not perfect though , it can only run dx9 games at the moment ( natively on amd too ) , although dx11 is coming . 
  is an m. 2 ssd worth it ? 
  ntfs does get fragmented , you just do n't notice it because windows defrags your drives automatically . 
  i never even use the touchpad so i really do n't care : i, 
  tfw my mouse cost 2/3 of the cost of my cpu, 
  tfw unlimited, 
  so no performance loss ? 
  less than you lmao, 
  turn off msaa , turn down grass to high . 
  personally i have high resolution shadows on , and all settings on very high ( grass high ) , getting 70-80fps at qhd, 
  compatibility alone does n't make windows better . 
  yay, 
  i actually do n't know , never had to fuck with it . 
  maybe 4x ? 
  amd has ryzen from the ashes . 
  well most linux filesystems do n't fragment to begin with . 
  gigabit is 125mb/s, 
  it 's not . 
  on windows the os has to use resources to defrag the filesystem once in a while . 
  linux does n't , because it 's not made by fucking retards . 
  raptr had it but it fucking sucked, 
  [ pepsiman ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3ylkntupha ), 
  look at what happened to btx, 
  if you can stand the looks , they 're worth it . 
  skylake has stable bclk overclocking . 
  asus is releasing one, 
  ooooooh it has freesync, 
  dammit, 
  gcn 1.1 cards and after support it . 
  that means 290 , 285 , fury , rx 400 series , and also hd 7790 . 
  i keep my dpi at 400 , works great at 1440p, 
  when i had a 4k monitor i had it at like 1500 though lol, 
  intel and nvidia fanboys will still say amd is hot garbage . 
  phenom ii is better than fx , you might wan na hold on to it . 
  r9 nano early last year . 
  i just wonder what michael uses in his daily pc . 
  and i got downvoted on r/buildapcforme for saying i ran 4k on a 290 ... 
  you 're lg . 
  everything on ultra ? 
  holy crap, 
  they did , earlier comment said uhd ... 
  nice me too, 
  commando + zerk, 
  zerks love zed time . 
  heal your teammates instead of yourself , the syringe recharges twice as fast that way . 
  an unlocked 32-core cpu would be an enthusiast 's dream ... 
  even if it 's 200w and requires a $ 500 motherboard , i think many enthusiasts would buy it . 
  aircoolers cool only slightly worse than similarly priced aio coolers , but they are way more silent due to better included fans , no pump . 
  also more reliable because the lack of a pump etc, 
  imo only aircooling and custom watercooling are the good options . 
  why go aio when you can go all out . 
  a worse version of vmware, 
  what resolution ? 
  i had crazy stuttery video when i recorded at 1440p60 , but 1080p60 is smooth . 
  that works too . 
  select it by scrolling to it or pressing 4 ( on pc ) , go near them and press primary fire . 
  some people do n't remember the days when amd was best, 
  so does sync, 
  when you lie about memory but it actually has more than advertised so it 's ok, 
  hawaii is faster on amdgpu because there 's a bug in radeon that makes 290 's slow as fuck . 
  may i ask why saturation control is such a big deal ? 
  i never had to touch it .
