  ftfy, 
  lags like shit on my system, 
  idk man , edge is slow on my pc, 
  chrome does n't lag though . 
  gtx 1070 should be able to run any game at qhd . 
  and if there are fps drops , that 's what gsync is for . 
  gnome is the best de . 
  how hard is it so balance one fucking perk, 
  vulkan update for my summer car ? 
  i wan na destroy my liver at higher framerates, 
  i believe dp and hdmi audio use the same protocol . 
  so maybe ? 
  well why does edge lag for me then, 
  well i do n't play that game so idk how demanding it is, 
  killing floor 2 runs great at 1440p for me , i get 100-150 ( cap ) with most settings on ultra, 
  high refresh rate monitors do not require freesync . 
  freesync and gsync are simply technologies to synchronize gpu 's framerate and monitor 's refreshrate , eliminating tearing . 
  it 's not required , and also works on normal refreshrate monitors ( 75hz ), 
  not really . 
  i tried witcher 3 at ultra settings , ran at 45-60 fps ( which is acceptable to me ), 
  i have an r9 nano , which is a bit slower than a gtx 1070, 
  fuck now i wish i did n't sell away my 4k monitor, 
  yeah . 
  that 's why i use arch linux, 
  when valve is too lazy to optimize so users have to do it with the risk of getting banned, 
  i think you should contact valve and ask if they can do some of these optimizations in their end . 
  normal users are never going to find this and are just gon na go back to windows and say `` xddd linux sucks cant even run tf2 well '', 
  your best bet is to email gaben himself . 
  if you have the money to spend , go for it . 
  if you 're on a budget , get an i5 or xeon e3 and spend the saved money on better gpu . 
  i guess it depends on the game . 
  just tried the vanishing of ethan carter redux and it ran at 70-90 fps , dipping to 55-60 in some areas . 
  all maxed settings btw, 
  i guess it depends on the person . 
  i like freesync even at 60fps, 
  i do n't have this on my mg279q , maybe it 's just your monitor ? 
  vulkan does make it easier to port games for linux , and also run them in wine . 
  in fact , some guy got doom running in wine . 
  getting 15-30 fps on a 7870 in opengl mode ( vulkan not supported in the drivers he uses ), 
  only slightly , and makes up for it with extra cores and cache . 
  automatic . 
  yeah and the tearing is unbearable . 
  if you want qhd , asus mg279q is real good . 
  if you update it through steamcmd , i think you need to add ` - beta '' '' ` or ` - beta stable ` when you update . 
  it 's tf2 conga all over again, 
  i know , that 's why gamers should stay on lga1151 . 
  a 6900k is good for someone who games and does productivity tasks, 
  thank god . 
  some friends like to annoy me by attempting to call me repeatedly . 
  idk about instant replay , but for me fullscreen videos kick in freesync lol, 
  middle mouse . 
  if you 're on ps4 i do n't know . 
  i do notice a difference , 60hz is choppy . 
  damn, 
  what the fuck . 
  my xeon did it in 1:37 on windows . 
  my friend was under the impression that amd sucks ( like most people ), 
  after his gtx 780 died , i convinced him to buy an r9 fury , he 's been very happy . 
  it happens when people do n't raise their dogs right . 
  or enable pae ... 
  edit : physical address extension , a thing that allows 32-bit operating systems to use more than 3.5 gb ram , up to 64gb on linux . 
  disabled by default on windows . 
  monopoly would be worse . 
  besides , nvidia has been slacking in their drivers , amd caught up lol, 
  update your gpu drivers and try relive . 
  the new amdgpu-pro fucking finally solved steam crashiness for me . 
  only bad thing is that gdm takes ages to start for no reason . 
  it worked great for me : <, 
  i have a fury nano though , and only using one monitor ( sold my dual monitor setup to afford mg279q ), 
  you can carry both the pulv and bone crusher, 
  i got the same monitor , love it . 
  thought of buying a 1070 as well but decided not to . 
  nvidia has all of the optimizations on launch generally . 
  i used ddu before upgrading to relive , everything works fine . 
  edited comment to include an answer, 
  i do n't have pepper flash installed and everything on steam works fine . 
  i had my dbs disappear in a similar situation once . 
  2x works , 2.5 x is only the official recommendation . 
  freesync works in borderless and exclusive fullscreen . 
  not to me . 
  it just seems to not work in certain games . 
  to me it does n't work in 7 days to die and my summer car , both unity games . 
  update drivers, 
  should be an option to choose between those . 
  nope . 
  the demo pistol is great if you know how to use it . 
  i can easily get to wave 3 with it . 
  temps and power usage . 
  i want the stupid meme to end . 
  maybe he just installed it and forgot ? 
  one gpu per operating system . 
  you can pass through a gpu to a virtual machine . 
  chromium does not have flash built in . 
  then it should work wtf, 
  price does n't look bad to me : i, 
  come to the red team , we have h265 recording and quality settings, 
  who ? 
  logitech mice are great but lgs is kinda crap ... 
  it did . 
  i still have it saved tho .
