  looks like it . 
  thankfully pga478 is robust , i had a p4 with 4 rows of bent pins , straightened them with a pci slot cover . 
  in case someone tries to steal the pc, 
  naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, 
  i checked and it was the wrong launch option , ue3 games use that one . 
  ue4 games use '' - d3d10 '', 
  asus prime is also much worse . 
  source : i own one, 
  well , they did include instructions on where to get temp sensor readings and how to stress test it on linux . 
  there 's a cd server that spawns kfps in normal rounds , along with quarterpounds . 
  some do . 
  put 2 spaces at the end of each line to get better formatting, 
  silence . 
  it 's 2133mhz . 
  and yeah it is kinda slow for ryzen . 
  maybe he just needs a lot of cores ? 
  nope , custom spawncycle i think . 
  how do you finish clicker heroes, 
  mg279q with a range mod . 
  original range is 35-90hz , modded 57-144 . 
  works fine because of lfc . 
  that 's terrible value . 
  for double the price you can get a gpu that 's at least 6 times faster . 
  and i complain about fps drops to 120, 
  marketing wank, 
  idk why you got downvoted but you 're right : /, 
  windows is where the money is . 
  it 's not impossible , just really hard . 
  most mobile stick thingys should work fine on linux , usually without any 3rd psrty drivers . 
  linux subsys on windows is trash though, 
  tfw you can have that many cores in a single socket now, 
  could be , my dad had one of those not work anymore after he updated ubuntu to 16.04, 
  i 'm getting those scores at 3.8 ghz ... : i, 
  2666mhz , 14-15-15-15-35 timings . 
  just installed newest bios to my asus prime x370-pro but i still ca n't get it over 2666mhz : /, 
  why, 
  my friend had the same one , started smoking . 
  asked for his money back and bought an r9 fury . 
  cardboard box is the most aesthetic case, 
  if games used cpu-based ray-tracing , they could . 
  same in finland , 1080tis are all over 800 $, 
  throw it in the trash, 
  rrrlr , i like to use the pulverizer because the sound it makes when it cracks a skull . 
  if we ever can put name tags on our skins , i 'll name my victorian boomstick `` horzine space program '', 
  wait , what 's wrong with it ? 
  saving 4 keypresses is n't a good enough reason ? 
  i do use the slider quite often , but never really noticed anything wrong with it : i, 
  does n't it already work that way, 
  that 's why i have separate hard drives for linux ... 
  g602 if you do n't mind it being a bit heavy , and running on aa batteries . 
  definetely worth it , but you 'll have to drop settings in some games like d2 . 
  same but youtube instead of twitch, 
   the fan spins down very fast , settling at 600 rpm seconds after load ends . 
  opposite of my r9 nano , sometimes it keeps spinning at +3 k rpm after 10 minutes i shut down my game . 
  best is a support with lv20 skill on the left . 
  free 20-35 armor depending on your perk , if you can stay without getting hit for 5 waves you get free armor . 
  just go to cd with the most insane settings possible . 
  i did that , sidepanel has noise insulation , it 's pretty good . 
  mine 's probably the nicest , it 's inside a fractal core 1300 i took from my brother when he upgraded his case . 
  would a gtx 560ti work well for physx along an r9 nano ? 
  my uncle is upgrading to a 1050ti , asking cuz i wan na have his old card . 
  maybe there was some compatibility issues in 7.1.2 , i do n't know, 
  bad bot !, 
  damn, 
  i 'd like one though , bristol ridge ai n't too bad . 
  this is how i was taught in driving school . 
  also you 're supposed to blink when going around a parked car ( at least in my country ), 
  where i 'm from we have competent teachers and good students, 
  the android version is just as huge, 
  they do despawn , that 's why your teammates should refresh the timer by picking them up and tossing them to the same spot or at the trader . 
  question : why are you playing it on xbox if you already have it on pc ? 
  this has probably been answered already , but do you have any plans to add more aa methods ? 
  fxaa looks like crap , i 'd love if the game had at least smaa : /, 
  i got mine from humble monthly , ca n't refund : /, 
  i did n't know it was going to be a part of their monthly thingy, 
  move your pc to your living room ? 
  you can totally do that , you 'll have the comfort of your couch and big tv , and you 'll get custom maps + cheap items . 
  yes it does use aim assist with a controller . 
  only bug i 've had lately is screen going black in some games if it 's fullscreen . 
  800 $ minimum in finland, 
  the money goes into charity and i like cheap games . 
  neither of the games i have issues with have a refreshrate option , just resolution . 
  i should also mention that one of the games fixes itself by tabbing out and back in . 
  links starting with thumbs.gfycat is a shitty gif link instead if high quality webm, 
  you could try radeon prorender . 
  i bought mine like 3 years ago from another subreddit , had worked since . 
  / r/softwareswap , but it 's banned now , use / r/microsoftsoftwareswap, 
  i bought mine from user named s5ean , you can trust him . 
  i believe it violates the `` no grey market '' rule , so ca n't tell : /, 
  seems like it 's against rules , ca n't tell . 
  gcn scaling sucks beyond 2800 shader cores , which is why fiji was kinda trash . 
  i want some help too , i ca n't get my ram over 2666mhz, 
  bloats , the stupid fat shits just do n't die . 
  even after decapping they waddle for like 5 seconds . 
  i use logitech software myself . 
  do n't get an asus midrange mobo . 
  sincerely , a prime x370-pro owner . 
  ye my issue is that i ca n't post above 2666mhz ( except for 2 times i got lucky ), 
  i have way more tabs open on my pc, 
  [ better if you have a logitech mouse ] ( https://imgur.com/odzbbfn ),
