  i 'd love to have this just for the magazine size lmao, 
  lol no i 'm not from the usa , i 'm european, 
  i think they used component cable or something , with 1 rca cable for each color ( red , green , blue ) . 
  might be wrong . 
  i got a bunch of warnings from malwarebytes . 
  why did i have to click that ... 
  lucky you . 
  in finland it 's like 1000 $ extra and you can only get xxx-yyy format where x is letters , y is numbers . 
  i believe noctua 's bearings are sealed so no mineral oil can get in . 
  was thinking the same . 
  4 way sli , and running an os that does n't even support sli . 
  i 'm not forced to use it . 
  i just choose to use it because most of my games do n't ( yet ) work on linux . 
  wine is making great progress , and so are amd drivers , by the end of 2017 i can most likely migrate back to linux completely . 
  nice german keyboard . 
  if anyone wants well optimized but good looking shaders , there 's a shaderpack called ebin . 
  it 's from the same team that made continuum shaders . 
  i tried it recently , getting 120 fps at 1440p ( 8 chunk render distance ) . 
  for comparison , seus only runs at 40 fps . 
  even tried running with 2x res scaling , still 60 fps . 
  c #  java, 
  the win10 version is only supported on one os , and it has shitty microtransactions . 
  i 'm all for performance , but not if it breaks compatibility . 
  try ebin shaders , also lower your render distance . 
  it took me 5 minutes excluding game install . 
  and it runs maxed out just fine . 
  and actually i have a laptop that has 2 gpus , integrated + dedicated , works fine . 
  also regarding unity , it works flawless on linux ( assuming you 're talking about the game engine ), 
  amd did n't stop supplying drivers , they ditched the old one and started from scratch . 
  why ? 
  because fglrx was garbage and hard to maintain . 
  and on my laptop , i got the secondary gpu working with the open source drivers , which ironically have better performance . 
  i 've tried unity on linux myself , no issues whatsoever . 
  no , because my internet ca n't handle it . 
  goddamn mobile broadband . 
  ninja edit : once the video buffered enough , it actually does play , and not getting much dropped frames either , about 20/400 . 
  i got 50 % cpu usage on the 8k30 video : i, 
  i 'm supposed to get 150/50 but i barely get 30/10 . 
  my laptop 's gpu is older , and works fine on open source drivers . 
  when did you even test this ? 
  useless cause my cpu does n't even throttle, 
  i disabled that . 
  well , i did n't , but my asus board apparently did and does n't let me change it . 
  yep . 
  tried to enable c-states in bios but it does n't work on windows for some reason . 
  works fine on linux , idk . 
  cross-platform with what ? 
  i ca n't play it with mac or linux players . 
  inb4 msi sues you, 
  useless because nobody plays it . 
  7 is still their os . 
  you 're not forced to use their os . 
  eh , never bothered me on my g2 . 
  not good , but better . 
  the gpu is a bit better . 
  not fibre , but lte . 
  ca n't do shit about shitty signal . 
  `` fast startup '' makes my pc boot slower lol, 
  give him a break , he 's high . 
  i only really tried it once , but it does work . 
  this cooler is fucking shit tho . 
  i had an r9 290 with one and it was loud and hot . 
  repasting did n't help . 
  nvidia has done this too . 
  2tb wd green , gon na get a 1tb ssd to use for games . 
  how is wd blue crap, 
  laptops never use lga , unless it 's super highend from clevo . 
  and that 's fucking sad . 
  ditching upgradability for slimness . 
  i had the same , but 3 rows bent . 
  straightened them in 5 mins with a pci cover , still works fine . 
  tfw ca n't do that on mobile, 
  i have a t2500 in a desktop , paired with a 9400gt . 
  runs hl2 at 1024p 60fps lol, 
  why ? 
  silent gpu and watercooled cpu, 
  and 1160 will cost like $ 500, 
  my x370 mobo works fine with displayport . 
  aliexpress m8, 
  they changed to a better 14nm process , and 500 series can handle higher clocks . 
  no , only from the bios, 
  that 's why i use mobile data on my phone lol, 
  even 4x is fine . 
  even with multiple gpus . 
  origin has 2fa ? 
  they use a mobile app, 
  borderless unless you have freesync, 
  why kali ? 
  it 's absolute trash for daily use . 
  fuck you, 
  damn , i 'm out of verification cans again . 
  odd . 
  well , i 've had great performance in anything that can use all available threads . 
  ( which for now has been limited to building software on arch linux ), 
  i carry mine in a backpack , i do n't care as long as it fits in there . 
  til, 
  i 'm having troubles activating it though , google auth just says `` can not parse qr code '', 
  yes , but it has it 's issues . 
  still does n't work perfectly in borderless window mode . 
  in some games it works fine , some require vsync , some do n't work at all ( although heard reports of gsync not working either in those ) , some require exclusive fullscreen .
