  clean off the old paste with a microfiber cloth and get some arctic cooling mx-4 . 
  my little brother could use a gpu  he wants to join the master race but a hd 5570 does n't really run games, 
  yup , should be sufficient, 
  what, 
  8gbps ? 
  you can give them away , sell them or keep them as spares . 
  but if you dare to make keychains outta them i 'm gon na find you and slap you in the face  : i, 
  ah , so it 's ram caching ? 
  i heard utorrent is owned by mpaa , so i stopped using it . 
  changed to transmission-qt , since i got used to it when i used only ubuntu, 
  fractal design define r4 , too lazy to link pic . 
  also a ton of old oem cases . 
  do a clean install and use uefi if mobo supports it, 
  used to use firefox , but nowadays chrome , mainly because of bookmark sync, 
  spotify for music , mpc for videos because svp, 
  i have a green . 
  have n't had problems with loading times . 
  besides it 's very quiet, 
  athlon x4 would do as well, 
  fractal design define r4 . 
  elegant and clean , and very silent with the sound-dampening material . 
  also excellent cable management . 
  looks nice but i do n't see why people would look at the back of their computers . 
  ah , then i can understand, 
  i know dat feel . 
  my phone has an ips panel . 
  usb hub . 
  i managed to connect a mouse , keyboard and a flash drive to my phone and everything worked perfectly . 
  [ not sure about price but very portable ] ( http://youtu.be/lognusvzjmi ), 
  i use the [ `` reddit is fun '' ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andrewshu.android.reddit ) android app, 
  you could adapt couple of them to 1080x1920 so people can use them on smartphones . 
  btw the light gray one looks really nice to me, 
  on linux this never happens , atleast has n't happened to me, 
  i have an old mechanical keyboard but never use it , instead i use my k120, 
  who is he then ? 
  hooked to the game in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  there are distros without a package manager ? 
  oldest cpu i had was an amd k6-2 i got as a donation 2 years ago , threw it away tho : /, 
  build a custom waterloop in your laptop that works as a coffee maker :p, 
  you should see my brother 's laptop . 
  css runs at 25 fps with low settings, 
  i have installed a lot of softwares from source , but lfs is still way too hard for me :(, 
  i 'd use linux exclusively if games worked . 
  praise gaben for pushing linux gaming forward . 
  both ? 
  metro : last light in 4k, 
  if it looks stupid , but works , it ai n't stupid . 
  i would n't call them terrible , more like barely acceptable . 
  better go with nvidia on pure linux builds . 
  * does n't listen *, 
  i use ubuntu, 
  what 's the difference between ubuntu mate and mint mate ? 
  it 's legal to download the rom someone else ripped , if you own an original copy of the same game . 
  but about 1 % of people actually give a shit :p, 
  but my phone has a native 1080p screen and it would not look as good : /, 
  framerate . 
  i played games at 640x480 at lowest settings on my old laptop just to get 20 fps, 
  i played crysis and with motion blur even 35 fps looked very smooth : /, 
  i 'd do a clean install, 
  i know a guy who actually prefers uplay over steam and origin . 
  he said the last time he tried steam was 10 years ago and does n't even want to try it now . 
  my friend is ambidextrous so he has no problem :p, 
  i could have lived without knowing this ... 
  amd fx series is n't a bad choice either . 
  which phone is that ? 
  that 's a very decent pc even it 's getting a bit old . 
  you could sell it for a peasant who wants to convert for 200-300 $, 
  there seems to be a kink in the loop . 
  it may cause problems, 
  nice , i have a g2 with cyanogenmod 11, 
  i 'd say crysis 1 at medium, 
  in finland , taxi drivers need to pay a royalty to have an fm radio . 
  ( not sure if my country is the only one with this law ), 
  bloons td5 , it 's very fun despite meant for kids . 
  you can have months of fun with it . 
  it has microtransactions tho , but you can play the game without . 
  the mobile version even has secret new towers  i do n't know how many , but i have unlocked one . 
  funny how open-source software made by part-time coders is better ( most if the time ) than closed-source , expensive software, 
  i have the fx-8320 and an asus r9 270x . 
  plays almost all games on ultra at 1080p/60fps, 
  my mom does , she just clicks nextnextnextnextdone . 
  i guess it would be a great office pc or a htpc . 
  for gaming , fuck no . 
  for very light gaming ( source games , indie titles ) , yes, 
  i once had 380 tabs open, 
  can this ssd run crysis ? 
  your brother tried to play a pc game on a ps3 ? 
  also , i 'm not participating in the giveaway . 
  frame interpolation or actually 240hz ? 
  yes, 
  my pc does n't but i have a ton of them in my closet, 
  * disc 1563 is corrupt *, 
  firefox does n't load all tabs on startup , but still about 3-5gb of my 8gb, 
  cat vids and tech stuff, 
  i have no idea . 
  i use the 32-bit version from the website . 
  who cares ? 
  atleast they ca n't have icenhancer, 
  hello , fellow finn, 
  where i live there is no comcast .
