  yes it ' still running , and no one knows why . 
  he has changed the hard drive like 10 times though, 
  we 're all brothers :3, 
  get a copy of 64-bit win7, 
  windows defender and malwarebytes , do n't waste your money on useless crap, 
  1 . the laptop case is aluminium, 
  2 . i know , but he 's not very gentle with computers, 
  500gb wd blue, 
  what issues have you had ? 
  i may be able to help , i have used linux a lot, 
  they are trying to fix the lack of gui solutions , so far atleast boot problems can be solved with a simple [ tool ] ( https://help.ubuntu.com/community/boot-repair ) . 
  i never used it , i 'm used to the command line :p, 
  in the comments he says he has a gaming pc, 
  [ arrrrr ] ( http://kickass.to/windows-7-sp1-ultimate-64-bit-t8157677.html ), 
  not for me , where do you live ? 
  ah , kickasstorrents is blocked there, 
  i jumped when the psu popped on the video . _ . 
  what resolution ? 
  damn ... 
  the most diamonds i have had is a full stack +13 , and then i lost them when admin decided to play with tnt . _ . 
  i might finally consider installing it , been playing with only native trainer with friends, 
  i would join dollarshaveclub if i shaved , real men keep their beards growing, 
  how bad is that game anyway ? 
  never tried, 
  consoles are history , pcs are the future, 
  signed up to the beta , hope i get a key . 
  the game looks so nice, 
  should be able to play most games , but not on ultra . 
  friend of mine has the same gpu, 
  hmm , if it gets on sale for -75 % , should i buy it ? 
  map name ? 
  wow, 
  fx-8320 here, 
  i 've had no problems with my 8320, 
  [ here ] ( http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cooler-master-cpu-cooler-rrb10212pg1 ) . 
  warning btw , it may be hard to install for someone who has never installed a 3rd party cooler b4 . 
  i had no problems tho, 
  edit : linked the wrong cooler , but the one i linked is fine too, 
  so i 'm the only one here who likes g + ? 
  you should add a graphics card on it , ubuntu 's desktop likes faster gpus . 
  you wo n't need anything special , a geforce 8500gt will speed it up quite a bit, 
  decided to try it and holy hell youtube vids look so smooth at 70 fps o_o, 
  overclocked monitor , and i set svp to target my monitor refresh rate, 
  ah , just went to try it and got around 200 fps on full settings . 
  pardon my stupidity, 
  how good is the 7770 ? 
  i 'm getting one for my brother so he can join the master race, 
  my arch setups always look like shit ; ~ ;, 
  i just bought him the cs bundle , and also set up family sharing . 
  his tv is only 1366x768 so graphics card does n't need to be anything fancy, 
  you should watercool the 290 , it 's called the leafblower for a reason, 
  just get a new graphics card and power supply and it 's gon na be fine for gaming, 
  in this case , i got ta say it does ruin the game . 
  i prefer the original character models, 
  why did you make it out of a such a new cpu ? 
  or was it ded ? 
  but why make a keychain if it works ? 
  mine went only to 70hz , still smooth, 
  i 'm the opposite , i love tf2 but do n't care about dota 2, 
  nope , my friends go offline . 
  i can be quite annoying and stupid sometimes, 
  i have a laptop with an amd e-450 , it ran skyrim at a cinematic 24 fps on lowest settings at 640x480 . 
  i 'm not even kidding . _ . 
  i have the same exact setup , and yes it can . 
  everything except metro : last light, 
  i have facebook , g + , youtube and twitter as pinned tabs , and i never close / r/pcmasterrace, 
  i do n't and i want one but they are so damn expensive ; _ ;, 
  more ram available for the game and slightly better performance ? 
  that 's what my teacher taught me, 
  there are quadros with 12gb on a single card, 
  ungrateful fucks  _ <, 
  i have a 2012 hp that can barely play css on 720p , everything else melts the damn apu, 
  still too expensive , i 'm just gon na wait 5 years till we have cheap shitty ones by lexmark or something, 
  i have the g2 and it 's screen is good enough, 
  3d printer is n't exactly the first one of my list of priorities, 
  terrorists, 
  hmm ... well they say nothing 's impossible , maybe some really talented hacker could make it work . 
  but what 's the point ? 
  we already have the best game platform . 
  lucky ... 
  mine is 50c on idle, 
  watch_dogs : crappy game but one helluva stresstester, 
  mx4 is the best imo, 
  it 's the upcoming budget macbook pro , $ 100 cheaper than the current cheapest one . 
  this has happened to me 2 times , unplugged the keyboard , took it apart and washed it with tap water . 
  let it dry , put it back together and still works . 
  logitech k120 is the nokia 3310 of keyboards, 
  watt is love ? 
  i have a gay friend who likes boobs, 
  * a workstation card in a gaming-suitable package, 
  some mobile games can be played natively on win8 .1 ( atleast hill climb racing and real racing 3 as far as i know ), 
  you were supposed to say `` baby do n't hertz me '', 
  they do n't wan na handle numbers that small, 
   unity, 
  i 'm more excited about webgl , because you wo n't need additional browser extensions , and so far the graphics look nice . 
  [ here are some community-made experiments ] ( http://www.chromeexperiments.com/webgl/ ) , you need chrome or opera to use them . 
  firefox should work but has problems, 
  you already ruined the joke : c, 
  seems like it by the cooler, 
  i 'd like dual 16-core opterons .
