  edit : https://mega.co.nz/#!ywbvwl4b!__dpkkao4a7ijkaqph4yhdbpnb2uickk9u-2or1zoey, 
  the file 's 1.6 gigs and i 'm on mobile broadband . 
  this 'll take a while . 
  i have unlimited so do n't worry about my data caps :p, 
  i 'm feeling your comment is sarcasm , but actually linux has more games than 8th gen consoles combined . 
  android 's art does wonders though . 
  shame they ca n't port it to work on pc, 
  tf2 is bugged to hell on amd hawaii with catalyst driver :(, 
  you can switch between drivers ? 
  never knew, 
  ahh . 
  i thought you could just reboot and select another driver when booting . 
  i 'm not really comfortable with swapping drivers all the time : /, 
  i never knew you 're from finland ( judging from your music ), 
  i do n't mind bloat , because i have a powerful pc . 
  linux has more games on steam alone than 8th gen consoles have combined . 
  tfw only 1.1 k hours, 
  my secondary pc has a 9400gt because the motherboard does n't wan na work with my hd 5570 : /, 
  and taunts . 
  my secondary pc has one of those . 
  works well with gentoo linux . 
  pc master ricer, 
  i do n't regret my purchases , 
  ( 500gb blue and 2tb green ), 
  hm , i 've never had that problem , and i use an amd card . 
  try raw input in tf2 settings ? 
  thank god they were n't bought by samsung . 
  i could n't handle touchwiz in my bios, 
  because of consoles , max speed on cars and bikes is limited to 140mph iirc . 
  i capped all points on mountainlab as heavy while doing conga . 
  wtf , usually codemasters ' games are really well made, 
  you do n't have limitations on pc, 
  i hate minus so much . 
  they are forcing me to download their mobile app, 
  \\* muffled eurobeat playing in background *, 
  install flashcontrol, 
  you had to send that 5 times ? 
  everyone 's playing clicker heroes . 
  i ca n't understand why . 
  power is dirt cheap where i live . 
  like i give a damn about power usage . 
  i saw it 5 times, 
  sorry xp, 
  jesus i could never use that big of a screen that near . 
  28 '' uhd at same distance is perfect for me . 
  my dad is still alive , but his dad died at 45 to intracranial ( not sure if right word ) bleed :(, 
  pacman - s coffee milk sugar, 
  core 2 quad ? 
  does n't seem that big of a bottleneck to me . 
  some people paint their intercoolers black for moar boost, 
  coffee filters or microfiber cloth . 
  double cleaning powaaah, 
  i have a same size syringe of mx-4, 
  yeah time well spent ... 
  i got a ton of stutter in space engies last time i tried it . 
  me : 300 $ gpu , 450 $ monitor, 
  i 'm surprised if it can reach 60fps in tf2, 
  better than my lg laptop though . 
  it can only get 12fps at same settings . 
  it has an ati x1250 . 
  he wanted games to be cinematic . 
  edit : [ found a better sound ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxxtpmngivm ), 
  america is one of the most powerful countries in the world , but somehow you have shit internet . 
  tfw ca n't live without google stuff, 
  now someone is gon na make a dickbutt version . 
  dna has been the best in finland , in my experience . 
  what the fuck is wrong with german censorship, 
  i live in finland , where i pay $ 40 per month for 150/150 megabit unlimited . 
  omg i 've wanted a bot like this for such a long time . 
  i hate converting to metric myself . 
  edit : stupid mobile keyboard, 
  same . 
  oh yes . 
  spread your data all over my ports . 
  ah yes , i forgot that amd has lga sockets too . 
  i actually have a core duo . 
  works fine with arch linux , it 's a 30w chip too so does n't use any power . 
  mobile chip , but it 's on an industrial mini-itx mobo salvaged from a touch-screen slot machine . 
  it 's not really that interesting . 
  the mobo has a lot of rs-232 connections , 3 ethernet , an lvds monitor port and other stuff . 
  stuffed into an ugly compaq matx case xp, 
  i believe it was running the os and game from a cf card . 
  oh god that font though, 
  tfw mantle, 
  mine was intel celeron socket 478 . 
  that was 3 years ago when i was poor and had no money for anything ; _ ;, 
  unemployed , nothing to show . 
  thanks , but i 'll just get one preloaded with ubuntu . 
  funny , have n't seen any evo fanboys show up yet . 
  mediocre quadcore and an r9 290 ? 
  dat bottleneck, 
  well i have a ps3 next to my monitor . 
  what about win10 pro ? 
  i wan na use mumble to talk to my friends while gaming but they 're too dumb to use it . 
  capping fps to monitor refresh in tf2 = insane tearing, 
  resolution  framerate, 
  32-bit windows actually supports over 4gb of ram if you enable pae . 
  i 'll buy one when there 's a model with mx blues . 
  i live alone , like i give a damn about keyboard noise . 
  / r/linuxmasterrace,
