  monitor osd says current refresh rate . 
  very useful . 
  make sure you 're using uefi boot , remove all drives except the one you want to install on , then try again . 
  when windows is installed , reconnect the drives you wan na use . 
  yeah , seems like that 's the case . 
  still , try installing os with only the boot drive installed . 
  yeah just leave the hdd/ssd you want it on connected . 
  installed ubuntu shouldnt be a problem though . 
  so it 's windows , but without the only feature why people use windows ? 
  edit : not permanently removed , but behind a paywall of $ 100-300 ( you need to upgrade to win10 home or pro ) . 
  nice . 
  edit2 : apparently they also have a promo for a free win10 pro upgrade until dec 31st . 
  not as bad but still bullshit imo . 
  except the best mobile os allows sideloading, 
  bootloader is probably locked . 
  it 's trash . 
  i only downloaded forza 6 and horizon 3 , and they do n't even work right . 
  fh3 multiplayer is broken for me and no fix has yet fixed it . 
  might be locked to only windows 10 . 
  i dunno , but i feel ms might do something like that . 
  7 days to die probably . 
  works quite well on linux in my experience . 
  i have a similar system , but i use mostly windows . 
  not a programmer , but a gamer :(, 
  i wish i can someday use linux as my only os again . 
  what i 'd love is a light rifle ( like a hunting rifle ) for the sharpshooter that you can carry with the railgun . 
  .500 magnum is nice , but sucks at long range . 
  i know how to get that working but it 's too much hassle for me . 
  would have to buy another gpu , migrate data , etc. . . 
  i 'm hoping one can disable secureboot , or at least hack around it . 
  would love if i could run linux on it . 
  you need to buy the upgrade from ms store for full price afaik . 
  edit : judging from downvotes , i 'm wrong, 
  how . 
  also i think that 's too much for something that should be included . 
  it 's only for the surface laptop , which is n't even released yet . 
  my favorite game has an fps cap but it 's higher than my monitor refresh rate anyway so i do n't mind . 
  144hz monitor btw . 
  and i thought my 4k monitor was crisp . 
  wow . 
  buyers of the new surface laptop , until dec 31st . 
  nah , but similar . 
  killing floor 2 . 
  except when teredo fails to fucking connect and no fix online fucking works, 
  i still see no point in the os ... 
  they took away the one feature why people use windows in the first place . 
  i do n't think the `` amd hate intel '' one is true : <, 
  instead of net neutrality , you should kill those senators, 
  nope , 150 . 
  150 in multiplayer , no cap in singleplayer . 
  but win10 home and pro have it too ... 
  the admin can just turn the feature on so kids ca n't run shit off the internet . 
  it 's sad that intel does this ... 
  i think they 're actively listening to the mic ( s ) too . 
  every time i come to my room , my pc wakes up . 
  it ca n't be the mouse waking it up because it 's lights do n't come on . 
  your bios should have a setting for the time to wait until it ramps the fans to full speed . 
  idk what it 's called . 
  no , most games regardless of os should support this . 
  that 's only in minecraft afaik, 
  not in my experience . 
  chrome is n't a game tho, 
  i just use ublock . 
  legally ? 
  you do n't release an incomplete product . 
  except it 's not sub 1080 lmao, 
  you can reformat it , but it does n't help if the firmware checks if the bootloader is allowed ( i believe that 's how secure boot works ), 
  if someone makes a custom firmware , yes . 
  it 'll need some reverse engineering though . 
  maybe i 'm just paranoid . 
  it 's just that it happens every fucking time i enter in my room , my monitor wakes up . 
  i think it 's just a joke about danish . 
  iirc in swedish , outbound is `` utfart '' . 
  why change it if it 's fine ? 
  8k 30fps yes , 8k 60fps nope . 
  both work equally well for me in terms of video playback . 
  do you mean 0604 ? 
  i 'm running that version and it 's fine . 
  i actually do n't know . 
  i 've updated to every version myself . 
  soon , in valve time ? 
  hoping they add finnish jokes if they ever add a map based in finland ... 
  there 's already one based in denmark and one in norway , i 'd like to see my home country happen :d, 
   what map is set in norway ? 
  there 's none that i 've noticed , but kf2 wiki says it 's based in norway . 
  i 'm 22 and live in finland , close enough ? 
  me irl , but i have a friend who is in the same situation so it 's not that bad . 
  i use arch, 
  you can install steam and play metro last light, 
  i never saw a need for this myself . 
  i only have one pc , one laptop , one phone , all running their own adblocker . 
  eh , hd 5770 should still play any less demanding game . 
  people who care about exclusives play on them, 
  or buy a gpu that 's light enough to not sag , like i did . 
  rather use bsd or linux for that ... 
  reminds me of the time when i tied a small fan on an nvidia fx-5200 with speaker wire . 
  was in 2012 when i was poor af and could n't get a better pc . 
  what happened there ? 
  windows 8 , 32-bit ( or cores ) ? 
  nah , in games it 's more like a sidegrade .
