  10w quadcore at 5ghz boost, 
  never works for me . 
  kinda , but not really if i understood right . 
  graphics glitches , mouse input fucks up on death , ca n't turn graphics up . 
  i guess it 's playable if you git gud, 
  killing floor 2 : episode 1, 
  my existing nh-d15 . 
  hope i can get the bracket tho ... lost my invoice but i still have a digital copy in the store 's website . 
  well i mean you can get dx9 working natively on linux, 
  i have bad experiences, 
  i wish i could find an aio bracket for my r9 nano ... 
  i have no idea which one would fit , no manufacturer lists my card as being compatible . 
  chroma bug ? 
  who the hell would think that doom 's vulkan implementation is a gimmick ? 
  it gave me a 50 % fps boost . 
  also even the crappy vulkan renderer in talos principle gave me a decent boost , from 48 fps average to 68 . 
  on linux , with amdgpu-pro drivers , at 1440p ultra preset . 
  i finished it twice , first with a controller , second time with mouse . 
  both were coop , first one splitscreen with my brother , second time with a schoolmate :p, 
  btw , that was opengl vs vulkan , not dx11 vs vk . 
  g2 does n't have a removable battery . 
  just block notifications from the app ? 
  or can you even do so on ios ? 
  the fuck you mean turd ? 
  it 's good for 1080p 60fps on ultra , and even entry level 1440p . 
  forgot the / s ? 
  his dicc has ryzen . 
  amd is masterrace confirmed . 
  where 's your rgb coolers , intel ? 
  my sadness rises too because i did n't buy amd stock . 
  i ran minecraft with shaders at 5k , got about the same fps, 
  i actually did n't play it splitscreen the second time , but online . 
  for a while i thought i was in / r/killingfloor, 
  shame they have n't ported chickenator to kf2 yet . 
  g900 best, 
  i 've been very happy with my g900 . 
  i use it wireless always , there 's no real need to use it wired . 
  my old office mouse died after 2 years , but only because i abused it . 
  medic is the drug dealer . 
  i love injecting morphine into dem butts, 
  move all difficulties a tier lower ( suicidal becomes hard , etc ) , make a new hoe , even harder . 
  username checks out, 
  lasts 30 hours if you lower the rgb led brightness , good for 1-2 days of usage . 
  in my opinion , free games with no microtransactions should have no or little fee . 
  well , i 've just really grown to hate wired mice . 
  i like the freedom that wireless gives me . 
  of course i coulda bought a wire bungee or whatever , but they take desk space so eh . 
  because the executives do n't know what the consumer wants . 
  man i wish i had an integrated gpu, 
  supposed to be 150mb/s but getting 30-50 . 
  or just make a new one over hoe and name it dark souls, 
  an amd hype train should be electric . 
  got ta be efficient and fast youknow . 
  we have to build a wall, 
  of text . 
  eh , it 's more like combining 2 good things and ending up with crap . 
  like putting banana on a pizza . 
  yes , people do that . 
  gnu is not unix . 
  \\  be me, 
  \\  feels like using linux for a while, 
  \\  boots into linux, 
  \\  5 minutes pass, 
  \\  friend wants to play a windows-only game, 
  \\  give in and reboot, 
  repeated weekly . 
  it better have alcohol and swearing too . 
  \\* drinks a beer * perrrrkele !, 
  nah man , pineapple is fine on pizza . 
  not everyone likes it but that 's fine . 
  banana is just wrong . 
  41 kilograms ? 
  heavy ass pc, 
  tbh i hate windows and wan na ditch it asap, 
  you 'll be so drunk you do n't care if something breaks, 
  enforcing certain quality standards ( lfc must be supported , for example ) , hdr support . 
  vms have shitty performance, 
  not x86 , ca n't run steam . 
  potato hardware so ca n't run much games either . 
  cemu only runs on x86 , switch has an arm cpu . 
  i feel sick if my fps goes under 80 ... : s, 
  i thought there are tricks to force install a newer version ? 
  it does just work . 
  for a while , until the next model comes out ... 
  props for not falling for the aio meme . 
  delid , overclock to 5ghz, 
  great mouse , but i upgraded to g900 . 
  how ? 
  mine lags a tiny bit on highest settings . 
  radeon settings looks way better imo, 
  it 's good for workstations too , where tons of cores are needed . 
  pro duo can stay at 1ghz tho , because it 's not power throttled . 
  nanos throttle like mad because they have lowered power limit from factory . 
  yeah but it 's worth it, 
  never bought an aio myself , heard too many horror stories . 
  besides , nh-d15 has the best stock fans . 
  30c drop in temps, 
  uninstall that , and use relive if you want to record gameplay . 
  let 's be real , arch is n't the hardest distro to install . 
  * cough * ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ lfs,
