  \\ + shaky hands, 
  yeah , lot of times it puts me into american servers with like 200 ping , wtf, 
  ue4 vulkan renderer is only available on android at the moment . 
  in finland , they 're still 500 $ : /, 
  i must have thicc walls because nobody has ever tried to murder me over my keyboard noise . 
  nano is quite loud , but not as bad as my msi r9 290 . 
  thermalright has kinda shitty mounting . 
  lots of fiddly parts , like hyper 212 , but a bit easier . 
  i unno . 
  there 's a b-stock model available for 400 $ though . 
  if you can clear trash efficiently with it , do n't care . 
  there 's always gon na be that one russian that does n't care and never votes . 
  that 's about how much i use on my phone, 
  80c idle ca n't be right : i, 
  hawaii is a hot chip , but no way it 's that hot at idle , unless you 're using 2 or more monitors ( this forces vram to run at max speed ) and have shitty paste , airflow etc. 
  hottest idling card i 've had was an 8800gt , was 70c because it did n't have any idle states . 
  holy shit thanks . 
  this has been bothering me for a long time but never knew how to fix it myself . 
  it 's like a gpu . 
  low-ish clockspeed but tons of cores . 
  it has an undocumented coprocessor that fixes up your code when compiling . 
  i never understood the point of snapchat . 
  my monitor is 8bpc , no noticeable banding here . 
  which card ? 
  i have n't had this issue . 
  and then you become cheeki breeki, 
  you ca n't set a wired connection to be metered : /, 
  it works on linux tho, 
  try wine-staging 2.3 . 
  some guy got it to work with that version . 
  i 'll test myself later too . 
  well at least he has better performance now . 
  infinite coffee, 
  some tips :, 
  heal others , not yourself ( if possible ) . 
  your syringe recharges quicker that way . 
  you should also buy the medic pistol if you can . 
  do n't rage the big fellas if you ca n't kill them . 
  gauntlet guy ( known as fleshpound ) will stop raging once he hits someone , but he also will rage on his own after a period of time , chainsaw guy ( known as scrake ) will not stop until he 's dead . 
  also you should say in chat if you see one coming your way . 
  `` sc '' for scrake , `` fp '' for fleshpound . 
  the skinny bitches ( named siren for good reason ) destroy grenades . 
  aim for the head as every perk , except firebug which gets better damage from shooting at feet . 
  also demolitionist 's dynamite stuns big guys better if you hit the feet ( iirc ), 
  do n't sell dead player 's weapons , that 's extremely rude . 
  only time you can do that is if they leave . 
  you can be kind and carry their weapon to the trader , but tell them first so they do n't run for no reason . 
  abandon v3 for patriarch ples, 
  tried it in wine-staging 2.2 , works near flawless . 
  only issue is resolution change before a game , but alt-tabbing fixes it . 
  some devs try to be smarter than the windows scheduler, 
  gpu shaped like lasagne, 
  you were missing mobo , i 'm still missing ram ... 
  hopefully it 's here by tomorrow . 
  hoping games will run at at least 80 % of their windows performance so i can nuke my windows ssd finally . 
  i did that once with a gunslinger 's double deagles . 
  just said that i accidentally i gave them to the other one , gave him dosh for new ones . 
  i dunno if they will , but imo they should . 
  vendor lock-in always sucks for consumers . 
  amd is n't the best for linux but should do the job . 
  you want mesa drivers btw . 
  i just ran shadow of mordor benchmark on ultra at 1440p , 47 average fps . 
  playable to you ? 
  do n't have any of those other games downloaded , although i own them all . 
  not a fury nitro , but r9 nano , within 10 % . 
  i 'd need to download them then , and that takes a while with my crap internet : /, 
  iirc borderlands 2 runs very well though, 
  i have 600 hours and i 'm sure there are things i do n't know :p, 
  i preordered a dlc once, 
  it was for a simulator i love though . 
  dlc in question is dream pack 1 . 
  as a medic with social anxiety , can confirm . 
  you 're not alone . 
  it 's so non-obvious that like 5 % of players know it . 
  i had this for one day , then it reverted back . 
  thanks i guess . 
  already scratched my cpu upgrade itch with a ryzen 7 1700 . 
  now if vega would release ... 
  overclocked 7700k i assume ? 
  who uses nouveau ... 
  i think it 's lazy programming . 
  for a long time , steam did n't even honor sigterm . 
  intel fans ca n't accept the fact that amd is finally back . 
  yup , avg fps is useless ... 
  dirt rally for example . 
  on windows it runs much smoother than on linux , because it does n't have random-ass stutters , even though averages are the same on both . 
  ( 80 fps for me ), 
  i really wish i did n't accidentally brick my brother 's psp ... 
  we already threw the thing away : /, 
  making something run faster than the manufacturer specified by increasing it 's clockspeed . 
  basically , if you have a gpu that normally operates at 1000mhz , and you increase it to 1200mhz , it can deliver 20 % more frames ( in theory ) . 
  there 's more to it though . 
  there 's always a limit of how much you can overclock , be it thermal or something else . 
  amd ryzen 7 for example ca n't clock over 4ghz with conventional cooling because they used a very power efficient process to make it . 
  there 's also a finnish streaming site that uses that crap . 
  and oh yeah , they also block root users on android . 
  it does make sense though , because it 's a whole lot easier to support only one os . 
  now if they did n't make it fucking shitty, 
  if you have a vrr monitor , that 's fine :p, 
   another os distributor,
