  try getting an a6 or a8, 
  i was once installing drivers on linux , woman asked if i 'm hacking . 
  i had one but threw it out :(, 
  i have an athlon xp somewhere . 
  damn ... 
  my parents did control my pc usage , but without any software . 
  they just told me to get off the computer . 
  10 years later , i spend like 18 hours a day on my pc . 
  probably not . 
  i still get like 30 fps at 4k . 
  next car game : wreckfest is another similar game , but it 's more of a destruction derby than a sandbox . 
  and oh , there 's a free2play predecessor to this called rigs of rods . 
  nah it works fine in that regard . 
  i just have performance issues . 
  nvidia does n't even have anything to compete with the 480 right now . 
  480 targets mainstream market and newly ascended console gamers . 
  1080 targets high-end market . 
  guess which area sells more cards ? 
  480 is the same price as a 960 , but it 's as fast as a 980 . 
  a modern game engine would be nice to have . 
  time goes too fast . 
  next thing you know is you 're 80 years old and dying . 
  how do you kill a computer by installing linux ? 
  i 've done dumb shit but never managed to do that . 
  next car game has gotten a ton of updates in the last 6 months or so . 
  you might wan na try it again . 
  i have an acer aspire 7560g that i got used from a friend , traded my asus 990x mobo and fx-8320 for it . 
  deeply regret getting rid of that cpu , but also felt bad for the friend because she 's in financial trouble : /, 
  also got it to 5ghz on air ... 
  thing has an amd a8-3520m and a radeon hd 6740g2 ( which i ca n't use on linux ) . 
  fine laptop for facebooking and some light games . 
  my nano needs a buddy , but i 'm broke atm :(, 
  no , i think the last version is 0.4.0 or something . 
  [ people in this sub are gon na hate me for this ... ] ( http://puu.sh/pk1qq/48564c98f4.png ), 
  do n't kill me , i just wan na play games ; - ;, 
  power is cheap as dirt here , i just lock my pc for the night . 
  if i go away for days , i shut it down though . 
  i know what games work . 
  it 's just that games need drivers to work . 
  can you guess which company my gpu is from ? 
  yup . 
  that 's why development of ror stopped . 
  highest i 've had on windows 10 is like 10 days , then updates struck . 
  amd, 
  hopefully amd drivers get better with polaris ' launch . 
  i do n't wan na support nvjews , and i do n't wan na use windows either ; - ;, 
  that 's cool , dude . 
  huh . 
  thought it stopped . 
  i do n't need any with my 28 '' 4k monitor . 
  never tried a bigger 4k screen so ca n't say . 
  30 $ maybe , but not this small amount . 
  oculus dk 's were , not sure if the consumer versions are . 
  lte in finland is alright . 
  can get 120mb/s in a car . 
  but not in my fucking room where i need it the most . 
  human is naturally retarded . 
  some of your friends have been gone longer than my steam account is old ... ( 4 years ), 
  they 'll just forcefully upgrade you to win10 . 
  resistance is futile . 
  my school had 2 boxes like that . 
  full of old agp cards and some nics . 
  and they wonder why people pirate . 
  you can not make uncrackable drm . 
  do n't think so . 
  i think you can only play your game on one pc at a time though . 
  you have at least some control over 8 . 
  i never had issues with asus : <, 
  currently using an asus h97-plus , no issues apart from dumb fan control . 
  my msi r9 290 was a loud and hot piece of junk . 
  also friend 's msi gtx 780 fried recently . 
  do n't wan na buy msi again . 
  dell ftw, 
  sapphire and xfx make good gpus too . 
  amd does n't have good software for it though . 
  raptr is something , but many people find it bloaty . 
  i do use a 4k monitor though , but it should n't be too hard to render ... 
  possibly . 
  ran at 86c with 50 % fanspeed iirc ( i could hear the fan at over 40 % ) . 
  changed thermal paste , probably fucked up , then it ran at 94c at 100 % fan speed . 
  it 's a bit like valve . 
  great products ( at least motherboards , and gpus judging from my old r9 270x ) , shitty support . 
  meant that amd does n't have their own software . 
  nvidia does . 
  both work fine with obs though . 
  took me an hour . 
  then i had to downgrade , now it 'd take 4 hours :(, 
  on amd , you can use aticonfig . 
  i do use 10 , and i feel it gives you less control . 
  cd linux-mainline, 
  makepkg - si, 
  not hard lel, 
  no issues gaming with blues . 
  friends on teamspeak/discord might hate you though . 
  just used to yaourt : /, 
  hdmi sucks, 
  i can not play with a controller if there 's no invert y-axis option ... 
  390 is still a good card man . 
  got my first pcs like 4 years ago . 
  1 ) donated used pc from 2004 with a pga478 celeron , 512mb ram and a radeon 7500,
