  worse performance on newer api is just the game dev 's fault . 
  i 've seen dx11 games that look worse than good looking dx9 games . 
  seems like it . 
  unity is good , but it 's reputation is kinda ruined by shitty devs and their shitty games . 
  good games made with unity i know of : cities skylines , ksp, 
  both . 
  worst brand for a feminist, 
  edit : was my joke that bad ? 
  you can , from group policy editor . 
  it 'll still check for updates , and nag you , but at least no nasty surprises . 
  silence and longevity ? 
  i 'd rather go high-end air for that tho ( which i did , nh-d15 on a 80w chip ), 
  only 2 in gaming , 4 or more in compute tasks . 
  no sli here . 
   work computer, 
  sli is only for gaming . 
  i want a g5 : /, 
  i never installed it . 
  lags like shit, 
  brb applying for a job at google, 
  potato phone, 
  if your phone is rooted yeah, 
  does n't require a wipe on all phones . 
   people still buy liquid coolers when there are equally good aircoolers available, 
  prolly just needs the gpu horsepower . 
  you can tether mobile data via wifi ... 
  it 's true , but i think arch is a bit hard for the majority of people ... 
  how 's vr ? 
  been thinking of getting an osvr hdk2, 
  and get outdated drivers , yay . 
  xbox one controller is n't supported in older kernel versions . 
  i think only 4.5 and up , and of course latest ubuntu runs 4.4 ... 
  i thought this was legit : i, 
  same on my oneplus 3 , but i literally rooted my lg g2 in 5 minutes in my dad 's car without losing any data . 
  i do n't think i have every achievement in any game ... : /, 
  i installed windows 7 on my laptop , and i could n't get the fucking updates to download that day for whatever reason . 
  linux is so much better in this ... 1-2 console commands , 5-20 mins of waiting depending on your internet , you 're done . 
  now i want one . 
  people turn off their pc ? 
  damn i only have a 4k 60hz monitor . 
  time to upgrade . 
  seems decent . 
  inb4 denuvo ported for linux, 
  do the original versions still lag like shit ? 
  dx9 works on linux natively . 
  you could try dri_prime if it 's switchable graphics . 
  there 's an article on arch linux wiki on how to use it . 
  would be perfect for me . 
  my room 's cold as fuck . 
  kinda relevant : mad max is getting a ported to mac and linux, 
  everyone here having crashes and shit , and i have n't had a single issue : i, 
  14.7 worked fine , apart from an issue with the nightvision goggles : /, 
  when you 're too cheap to buy more ram, 
  triggered, 
  i pronounce it how i want . 
  your american laws do n't apply to me , ha, 
  my old system was a really good room heater . 
  current not so much . 
  ( had oc 'd fx-8320 and r9 290 ), 
  friend had 3 , all leaked . 
  well schiit , that 's some nice hardware . 
  well tbh , ultrawide users are a minority ... 
  the fact that majority of gamers have 16:9 monitors is retarded ? 
  okay . 
  that happened to me on windows too . 
  minorities always get fucked . 
  none of those . 
  not always . 
  does n't make this shit acceptable . 
  what 's xattr ? 
  still , capping fps and tying anything ( physics , animations ) to it is unacceptable . 
  prolly not, 
  northern europe . 
  weight reduction bro, 
  i assume you installed amdgpu-pro ? 
  does steam crash randomly for you ? 
  to me , it starts just fine , but it crashes after a random time . 
  it 's fucking annoying . 
  i 've messaged bridgman but he never responded to pm . 
  my ass . 
  you can oc it to 1050mhz + power limit , it 'll become a loud-ass fury x. 
  my solution was a bit lazier . 
  undervolt , drop power limit , keep stock fan curve . 
  fanspeed stays at 35 % , quite silent . 
  only gets to 75c . 
  gta v looks alright and has working mirrors . 
  i 'm aware car mirrors do n't work . 
  bathroom mirrors however do , at least in every house i own in gta online . 
  uncapped , cheap lte tho ... americans ca n't understand how we have such a thing . 
  tfw 30 $ / month for 150/50 meg lte contract, 
  not where i live . 
  i got elisa 's unlimited everything thingy . 
  27 $ for 50/50 lte , unlimited calls and sms . 
  kinda slow doe , i regret changing from dna . 
  they may have shit customer service , but really good speeds lol, 
  oh cool , been wanting a paintjob for my regera . 
  i do n't use the feature often , but i got a satanist paintjob on my ferrari california :d, 
  framerate is stable for me , 45-50 fps on high settings . 
  there 's some weird lag sometimes tho ... 
  it 's like time slowed down for a sec .
