  i have used both drivers , and playing anything with pro drivers is impossible because steam crashes ... 
  you should give up on the tutorial and finally move on to dota 2 . 
  i use screen ... : /, 
  eh , it works fine for my purposes . 
  what 's wrong with their uefi ? 
  life is very strange . 
  more linux games keep coming and coming . 
  titan y did u buy dis, 
  amd has better open source drivers than nvidia , but performance improvements are n't # 1 priority for the dev team . 
  any of them ? 
  ubuntu is probably the easiest . 
  mine just segfaults because of amd drivers . 
  or 300 $ ( $ 330 ) if you live in northern europe . 
  windows noobs do n't get this joke . 
  unix systems do n't have drive letters , instead they just have files ( folders are also files to unix ) . 
  / is the root of the filesystem . 
  and i have bad vision . 
  thanks , i 'll try it when i get back home . 
  what 's weird is that it only segfaults when i have amdgpu-pro installed , but not with fglrx or pure open-source . 
  and i 'm sure it 's amd drivers , because dmesg clearly says steam crashed because of amdgpu_dri . so, 
  even unity games let you choose what monitor to run the game on ... should be a standard . 
  if you got it , you 're not a noob . 
  everything is a file to unix . 
  even your shiny new graphics card is juuuust a file to it . 
  even you are a file . 
  hope i do n't have to regret buying a oneplus 3 ... : /, 
  an os company stops developing their os, 
  what, 
  buy an android and use juicessh, 
  i hope that devs choose to use vulkan instead of dx12 ... 
  it 's already shown that it can bring massive performance improvements , look at doom . 
  a fury x gets a 50-60 % improvement easily . 
  what, 
  carbon ran just fine on 8.1 for me , but it does n't run on 10 ? 
  me too . 
  favorite game of my childhood , even got the black edition on ps2 . 
  but do they have a large selection apps to customize them ? 
  so i can still run cm on any of my devices ? 
  i 've thought of using my noctua 15cm fan as a desk fan . 
  my current desk fan is outta balance , shakes like an alzheimer patient on drugs . 
  not ssh itself , but the phones in general . 
  how to zoom in an app, 
  60 vs 90 is still noticeable to me , even on a 60hz monitor . 
  input lag gives it away to me . 
  silly , he thinks he 's in control of his pc . 
  you 're not in control as long as you use windows . 
  what does adding the execute flag help in this ? 
  you should do `` chown username '', 
  even though i do n't have enough gpu horsepower for 4k ultra , it 's sooooo worth it . 
  no need for aa , and even at medium/high settings games look a whole lot better than 1080p ultra . 
  ahh , good ol jewstwocents . 
  i have no idea if this guy is a peasant or a troll . 
  this sub is n't about making fun of other oss , it 's about embracing the glory of the holy penguin . 
  there exist video players that work without any kind of gui by just outputting straight onto the framebuffer . 
  unigine heaven 's credits screen runs at about 13k fps for me . 
  sounds nice . 
  on ubuntu i had to install some libsdl packages first , then go to folder quake , and run ` make - j8 `, 
  not difficult . 
  now i just got ta install the damn proprietary drivers again ... 
  well building the binary did n't take long ... about 5 seconds . 
  took longer to install needed sdl dependencies lol, 
  yes . 
  friend of mine has one , every game runs on ultra settings at 1080p . 
  fl studio runs in [ wine ] ( https://appdb.winehq.org/objectmanager.php?sclass=application&amp;iid=178 ) , not sure about the other stuff . 
  what do you mean csgo does n't run properly ? 
  runs fine for me . 
  i just went fuck it , and did ` sudo apt install libsdl * dev ` xd, 
  r9 nano , got 100-300 fps with proprietary drivers . 
  i do n't actually play it myself , i just tested for a friend . 
  as for frame pacing , i think it felt smooth enough to play . 
  [ pcmr atm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dofanpb8i3e ), 
  half-life reference ? 
  they actually come with it ... windows command prompt is just retarded and ca n't seem to find them . 
  well , mr keller had his hands on their cpus , so i would n't be surprised if it 's true ... 
  i think it actually beats most laptops with 2ghz dualcores . 
  it 's not that hard to compile something . 
  ... unless you 're using windows, 
  i actually had less issues doing this on linux :d, 
  mainly because i 'm used to linux , and i tried to do it the linux way on windows at first . 
  vs was much easier than mingw . 
  cloud save fucked up for me once . 
  i installed adventure capitalist on my laptop , and it wiped my progress on my desktop : /, 
  i was n't far , and the game is meh , but still sucks . 
  and this is why everyone should learn to use linux . 
  you 'll have a safe place to hide when hell breaks loose . 
  but they are . 
  4k playable settings is n't that hard to achieve ... my nano can do 4k high settings at playable framerates . 
  4k maxed is gon na need much more gpu power . 
  i 'll probly go for one with 8gb . 
  i remember watching that show when i was a kid . 
  it 's ok , cortana is n't available in my country anyway . 
  undervolting is a thing bro, 
  uncle benis : ------ dddddddd, 
  and helsinki/vantaa airport had broken luggage transport belts ... we had to wait an hour in a line . 
  i have , looks amazing . 
  getting 40-60 fps with my nano . 
  i guess it 's time for me to go back to using linux out of paranoia . 
  my bank does not use java , flash , silverlight , or any other bullshit extension . 
  reds are just expensive membranes / s, 
  jk , use what you want .
