  i wan na buy it so bad but low on money : /, 
  i 'm like the only person who has n't bought it yet . 
  350 games but no rocket league :p, 
  unlocked refreshrates do nothing if the port is shitty . 
  i probably wo n't play it anyway . 
  i 'm sure it 's a good game , just not my cup of tea . 
  off to collect more hats . 
  ( tf2 joke ), 
  my teacher knew how to use the command line . 
  he was also amazed how fast i did the difficult tasks he gave me :p, 
  some of the tasks took hours for other students , i did them in 15-30 mins . 
  r9 fury is better imo . 
  nano 's cooler is loud-ish , and nano has no overclockability . 
  security issues . 
  performance issues . 
  decades of adding bloat . 
  gnome 3 should work the best with wayland . 
  only issues i 've had with it :, 
  * sometimes my monitors get swapped ( right becomes left ) , when i unlock pc, 
  * steam does n't work very well in xwayland, 
  * videos in chromium drop frames, 
  other than that it 's very fast and pleasant to use . 
  what glitch ? 
  shift + f12 opens a dropdown bash terminal for me . 
  why ? 
  do n't ask me . 
  i 'd call r9 390 a `` 4k capable '' card . 
  wo n't do ultra , but easily medium settings at least . 
  do you have a rooted android phone ? 
  try drivedroid . 
  aircooling masterrace, 
  almost went for a 390 too , but felt it was too slow for my needs . 
  they are very comfortable . 
  shrek 's tv . 
  i 'm planning to get a second r9 nano , and watercool both . 
  i wish i kept my fx-8320 . 
  it was a good overclocker , and fast enough for my needs . 
  wasted 400 $ on my current cpu . 
  fuck legacy boot . 
  just turn off secure boot and use uefi . 
  7 sp1 supports it , but no secure boot . 
  i learned how to install arch linux with uefi . 
  it 's not that hard if you know how to read a wiki 8 ), 
  i never knew it does that . 
  oh well , only installed pro versions on my only current machine that supports uefi :d, 
  well yeah ... 
  some manufacturers have shitty uefi implementations . 
  asus 's ( on aftermarket mobos ) has worked perfectly for me though . 
   boots more quickly, 
  like it matters when it 's 5 seconds on a spinning hdd anyway . 
   eventually , i 'll just go linux only . 
  i 've been wanting to do that , but game availability and amd drivers keep me on windows : /, 
  i got 4.7 ghz from my fx-8320 at 1.368 v, 
  i still regret getting rid of it . 
  removing and re-adding does n't even work for me . 
  what 's the use of robots.txt ? 
  that should be enough dpi for anyone . 
  same . 
  i have mine at 1500 dpi , and it 's enough for 4k . 
  new owner got it to 5ghz at 1.4 ghz , with a worse aircooler . 
  at 4k , it 's not really a bottleneck . 
  wasted 400 $ on a marginal upgrade . 
  i had to clean out a 9 year old pc that lived it 's life in a house with like 5 cats . 
  you can guess how i felt after that , i 'm allergic to cats . 
  in the agp days you could allocate system ram to the gpu . 
  nowadays you can still do that with amd apus . 
  i feel like a peasant with my 25gb of assetto corsa mods . 
  edit : [ i swear it was 25gb last time i checked ... ] ( http://puu.sh/oxzyz/9dd711d669.png ), 
  mine 's just black . 
  i do n't have a side panel window to show off , because it 'd be hidden anyway under the table . 
  define r4 is fucking silent though . 
  it 's quite glorious at 4k60fps , but i need moar mods . 
  but you can with an r9 nano :p, 
  but it 's what i have . 
  my g602 works fine too . 
  yeah , buy a dfgt . 
  in all seriousness , i do n't know , as i 've never tried a gamepad . 
  i always use my g27 . 
  because their shit software only runs on windows . 
  they 're alright . 
  did n't they say that it 'll have a polaris 10 gpu in it ? 
  another article said it 's as fast as a 980ti , i see no reason why it would n't play 4k if it 's true . 
  used to have phenom ii x3 710 & radeon hd 5570 like 2-3 years ago . 
  my 290 could do 1100mhz core with no overvolt : i, 
  i love my strange pro ks australium minigun that i almost never use . 
  i got a 5570 for 20 $ . 
  still use it today . 
  atm in my rig dedicated to a vm . 
  if i have n't heard it , it 's new to me . 
  my nfsu2 breaks if i use the no-cd patch and resolution patch :(, 
  they do , but only on ubuntu . 
  use the open source driver . 
  mine gets 450mb/s reads : i, 
  gallium nine does n't work on amdgpu atm :(, 
  still , it 'd be nice to have consoles with up-to-date hardware . 
  only works on ubuntu atm . 
  shame mine has a shitty cooler , and i suck at repasting . 
  86 \u00b0 c with factory paste , 90-94 \u00b0 c with mx-4 . 
  what resolution ? 
  it 's not a very impressive resolution : i,
