  there 's one for sale in local store . 
  560 $ , normally like 750 $ . 
  shall i wait then ? 
  might grab 2 of them , if my 650w psu can handle it . 
  ( has 2 8-pin connectors ), 
  i upgraded to a cpu with 1.3 ghz lower clockspeed than previous . 
  or i might just get a 980ti, 
  i could , if my damn mobo supported sli . 
  no ur not, 
  i play at 4k though . 
  i still got a shine 3 . 
  why would anyone want a keyboard with no numpad ? 
  i never understood that . 
  you ca n't be that low on deskspace , jeez . 
  not to my knowledge . 
  does a g602 user fit in ? 
  * sees your flair *, 
  i had a piece of shit like that . 
  hope you get something better someday . 
  what happened ? 
  hawaii cards throttle at 95 \u00b0 c. 
  overclock it . 
  and i 'm here wondering how to stream 4k . 
  had an e-series . 
  it ran skyrim at 24 fps locked . 
  lga1151 will still have gaming mobos that support xeons . 
  also fglrx is better than radeon . 
  lmao, 
  i have one too . 
  got it because it 's essentially an i7-4770 for the price of an i5-4690k . 
  ( finland prices ), 
  i spend 100 % of my free time on my pc . 
  i wish i had a silent graphics card . 
  and i 'm here with an msi r9 290 with a broken fan . 
  yay . 
  sli bridges look ugly imo, 
  i always remember to put it in . 
  i know your pain , as i had that same shit apu . 
  i 'm probably getting an r9 fury , since it supports their new driver model . 
  tfw i 'm in your screenies, 
  \\  be me, 
  \\  have perfectly capable equipment to watch 4k movies, 
  \\  can not due to corporate greed ( drm ftw m8s ), 
  some girls i know on steam mentions if someone uses the word `` he '' on them . 
  cmos battery is easy and cheap to replace . 
  but my 290 is loud as shit . 
  yes . 
  also headphones should never be a solution to a loud pc component . 
  it 's a shame not that many people know about it . 
  most useful app for a nerd lol, 
  wish i could see it . 
  can imagine how low the battery life is . 
  some games ported with a wrapper run well though , like dirt showdown . 
  runs at 50 fps at 4k with my single r9 290 . 
  better than 100c . 
  that chip costs 300 $ where i live . 
  yes , just nuke them with ddu . 
  my server has 2048 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ mb, 
  minecraft server kek, 
  i remember doing that tutorial too . 
  it actually has quite a lot of commands , even could check what specs it has :p ( it runs in a vm with 1 gig of ram iirc ), 
  because he already had a 960 . 
  easier to add a second card than sell it and get a better card . 
  and i just want a 980ti : c, 
  what if he wants to overclock ? 
  you should never disable speedstep . 
  it has no effect on stability , but a large impact in idle temps and power bills . 
  or you could boot any os from the website . 
  7.1 in headsets is just emulated garbage . 
  just get a proper set of headphones , like beyerdynamic dt770 . 
  did you read the tiny text ? 
  there 's an idea for a project . 
  make the same thing , but open source :p, 
  i already have adaway , but might buy it to support the dev . 
  there 's a paid version ? 
  like my shit . 
  but reds feel like crap : c, 
  never tried , but my friend seems to be happy with them . 
  i prefer blues though , dat sound :3, 
  sweden is gay . 
  - every finn ever, 
  i wish i remembered anything from swedish classes in school . 
  i played for hours on badwater 2 days ago . 
  did n't notice framerate drops below 60 . 
  much better in my experience . 
  / r/linuxmasterrace, 
  and tf2 . 
  more like basic . 
  i do n't get headaches , but i ca n't think straight if i do n't drink at least 10 cups if coffee per hour . 
  do n't worry , it 's normal consumption for a finnish nerd . 
  possibly lower than average , seen some friends drink more . 
  i 'm like the only person in the world who has never got a call from `` windows support '', 
  what 's a data cap ? 
  seems common in america . 
  another finn here . 
  i think all of our mobile carriers have atleast some kind of unlimited data plan . 
  i personally have 2 data plans from dna , 1 with huawei box for pc , 1 for phone . 
  both 150mb/s . 
  both cost about 30 $ ( $ 35 ) per month . 
  americans may start crying now .
