  i just hope we can get rid of xorg ( and possibly pulseaudio ) asap . 
  yes , 8 slots , but that does n't mean that each slot has it 's own channel . 
  mine has 4 slots and has only 2 channels . 
  yes , but on linux you can use the distro 's package manager to update all software at once , instead of relying every application having it 's own updater . 
  that reminds me , i got ta update my arch linux :d, 
  thankfully comments do n't work on mobile c :, 
  i 'd say apus are better for laptop gaming . 
  really the only intel graphics capable of gaming is the new iris pro . 
  mashed potatoes ? 
  i have a 100 megabit unlimited cable all for myself ... 
  guess i 'm lucky . 
  ( and my internet never goes down or slows down ), 
  maybe even lol, 
  i have never gotten a free game from here : c, 
  less than 30 games and i 'm there too . 
  1080p 5,2 '' beats apple 's retina displays anytime . 
  we have a ton of those at school . 
  i use an old keytronic myself tho :d, 
  hope it works with open source drivers ... 
  i ca n't get catalyst to work in arch . 
  i might get a gtx 960 or something . 
  i love linux , and amd works like crap , especially in arch linux . 
  why thank you , good sir :3, 
  tried it too ... could n't get it to work . 
  i would like to stick with ubuntu for it 's support but meh ... 
  edit : tried again to see what the error message was , it says that xorg-server and xorg-input-evdev conflict , but xorg-server needs xorg-input-evdev . 
  like wtf . 
  another edit : got them to work after some patient troubleshooting c :, 
  i do n't have that problem , i have a vishera . 
  we get to build and customize our computers at school . 
  mostly it 's a good thing but of course there are the idiots who break everything they touch ... and i study ict ... 
  i believe he is . 
  i had one too ( but it was a phenom ii x3 ) , it was n't bad . 
  nah just make sure your pc 's air intakes are filtered , and you have neutral/positive air pressure . 
  i myself have an fx-8320 , but i reused my phenom ii x3 710 to build a rig for my brother :3 [ seemed pretty happy with it . 
  ] ( https://imgur.com/tps1r9k ) also i got him a new case , which is arriving today . 
  global offensive . 
  the graphics card is my old one , and not very powerful ... ( radeon hd 5570 1gb ), 
  what do the o-rings do ? 
  i do n't have my mech yet so i have no idea :d, 
  nothing else was available that time :d besides , the laptop is so slow it ca n't even play tf2 on lowest settings ... 
  who cares ? 
  mod them into the game !, 
  you can actually install kde on windows . 
  tfw your smartphone has more ram, 
  tbh i like goat simulator, 
  nah i prefer the g2 because of it 's battery . 
  for my daily driver i want a ton of battery life . 
  yes, 
  start by installing some mods from steam workshop , they are easy to install and update . 
  it 's like nexus 5 but a better battery and slightly harder to root . 
  you could uninstall java . . oh yeah , minecraft . _ . 
  probably the malware itself wasnt ' t but it used some java app to get the malware into the victim 's machine . 
  no worries , my bottom case fan spins at 675000 rpm . 
  it 's a 140mm so airflow is good . 
  has n't happened for me , but i had a pretty bad glitch in sr3 . 
  sometimes when i went to the garage , my game would lock into the garage menu , not letting me out or choosing anything . 
  i think it was because i had cheats enabled . 
  hmm ... my r9 270x runs both perfectly at highest settings , with some infrequent fps drops . 
  only 30 years late . 
  x window system has had this since the 80 's . 
  yeah ... 
  i wan na upgrade to 32gb but the prices are way too high . 
  edit : not for ramdisk , it 's for my browsing habits and vmware . 
  i 'm 10 games away from 200 , 
  nope . 
  ten million chrome tabs and vmware machines . 
  what did it say ? 
  not even bad ... 
  i once stepped on a rusty nail when i was a kid . 
  went straight in my foot . 
  you still need the hd 5770 ? 
  i built my brother a rig a while ago and he only has an hd 5570 . 
  i always turn my pc off for the night , but i have my server humming quietly on the other side of the desk . 
  r9 270x here ( rebranded 7870 ) , no problems running games . 
  gtx 480 and r9 290x are blast furnaces . 
  i had one . 
  gave it away to a friend who needed it more . 
  ( he had a gt 210 ), 
  na m8 , finland, 
  really ? 
  i had to buy them separately . 
  i still have some old matrox agp card and a 3dfx voodoo 2, 
  i do n't even have a favorite drink . 
  i buy different sodas and beers according to my mood . 
  i have stuff like skype and hardware monitor on my secondary , and whatever i 'm actively using on my primary . 
  brb gon na install 400 more . 
  should be the other way around . 
  goodbye linux support . 
  and mods : c, 
  i have never encountered a phisher in my years on steam , but my brother got like 10 in his first 2 days on steam . 
  i taught him to avoid those bastards . 
  why i do n't use uplay : i live in finland , i connect via a vpn in sweden , and uplay page decides to display in italian . 
  total wat . 
  hopefully : /, 
  i only got 3,9 . : c it 's on stock voltage doe . 
  price to performance . 
  thank god my mom did n't give a fuck what i did on my laptop . 
  never heard of that story , and now i 'm interested . 
  i just wonder how well my r9 270x would handle 4k ... would be fun to play tf2 if the refreshrate was high enough .
