  not bad, 
  small workstations are beautiful too : c, 
  yeah cause console gamers do n't care about graphics ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  same performance , but uses 2x less power if i understood correctly . 
  it 's currently on arch testing repo , if some madman wants to try it out . 
  nothing crashes for me , pretty stable . 
  his pants were n't white before . 
  it looks cool , but i 'd turn down the brightness . 
  i have lte , so my ping is atleast 30ms , regardless of how close the server is :(, 
  i 'm trying to learn how to play osu ! , but my sense of rhythm is shit , and i ragequit after 20 seconds ; w ;, 
  like porting it would be even hard . 
  just give it to icculus :p, 
  another finn here . 
  archive.is working fine for me . 
  depends on player doe, 
  what if one ca n't get a real girl ? 
  fun fact : you can affect how your cum tastes by what you eat . 
  shame i 've been eating salty chips lately . 
  it has actually fixed my issues 1/3 of the time :p, 
  found the iphone user . 
  my dpi is quite high , 420 in fact . 
  i hate vessel . 
  no 4k ; ~ ;, 
  \\* installs linux on it *, 
  workstation would be nice , since i use vmware player free a lot , and it feels really limited :p, 
  yeah , no point in buying a 950 ... 
  windows defender and malwarebytes . 
  i use them and never had a virus . 
  do n't care , 1080p on vessel looks like shit . 
  you from finland or sweden ? 
  i 'm from finland , recognize that layout :p, 
  my r9 290 is scared to try . 
  top speed was limited because consoles could n't load the map fast enough when driving fast cars . 
  ps3 controller . 
  do n't buy a moga , the deadzone on the sticks is way too big . 
  edit : derp , only read the title and not the actual post, 
  yeah , amd cards are crap on linux : /, 
  asus m5a99x, 
  any fx-series cpu, 
  no idea , but i own the board i mentioned , and an fx-8320 . 
  supports gpu passthrough . 
  why 32-bit ? 
  i believe the arch livecd bootloader only shows x86_64 if it 's actually supported . 
  it did n't show up on my pc with core duo t2500, 
  that 's some thick jizz m8, 
  takes me 2-3 tries to plug a usb to the back of my pc , only 1 on the front panel . 
  some people want their connectors to last longer . 
  i moved tf2 to my ssd, 
  mine just came in an antistatic bag : /, 
  i think nvidia contributed to the nouveau driver once , but still less than amd . 
  enable pae, 
  nope . 
  core series had 32-bit chips , such as core duo t2500 . 
  ( i own one ), 
  what keyboard is it ? 
  there should be a setting for that in the driver control centre . 
  i know it exists in amd , not sure about nvidia . 
  fixing manufacturer 's mistakes will keep linux unpopular ? 
  tfw i do, 
  how did he break the rules ? 
  it did n't install any adware for me . - . 
  i only use mine for the 6 games i have that still require discs . 
  tfw i graduated . 
  no more schoooooooool c :, 
  i 'm getting a 16gb kit for my birthday , which is 25th sep :3, 
  i know you wan na fill a hole ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  who needs 144hz when you have 4k ? 
  they should do the same as valve . 
  if you have a mod in tf2 and try to go into a valve hosted server , the client is forced to use original content . 
  / r/linuxmasterrace, 
  and people were telling me to get a gtx 970 instead of an r9 290 . 
  i have a friend with 6700 hours . 
  any password can be bruteforced , it 's just a matter how long it takes . 
  i tried making an aion f2p account . 
  was blocked from playing and no idea why . 
  someone had to pay for it . 
  they expect everyone to use ubuntu lts and proprietary drivers i guess . 
  not on amd . 
  radeonsi is beating catalyst performance-wise in benchmarks and some games . 
  i actually wan na try tf2 with my g27 . 
  wot . 
  i did n't sell my 27 '' samsung when i moved  _ , 
  i ca n't play it due to input lag . 
  me and my mom do n't, 
  i 'm getting twice the speed for same price in finland, 
  my school did n't block any site . 
  romania ? 
  i heard you can get 1gb/s for 10 $ / month there . 
  i used to shove empty energy drink bottles in my friend 's pc on my last year at school . 
  memecenter is probably the only meme site with original content . 
  wireshark , or similar android app ? 
  does mx-4 have any ? 
  that 's the stuff i use and sometimes it gets on my hands . 
  i know one woman who uses a sony instead of an iphone . 
  she says that battery life and durability ( and pink color ) are more important to her than the status symbol . 
  kinda related , but if anyone needs a driverless gaming keyboard , i highly recommend ducky . 
  backlights are fully configurable with fn + < key  commands . 
  i personally have a ducky shine 3 with mx blues , and a steelseries kinzu v2 mouse . 
  if you wan na take the risk , go for amd . 
  source engine on linux tends to have long loading times .
