  edit : i was wrong , both 270 and 270x have 1280 shader cores . 
  another edit : could someone try to overclock his/hers 270 's core to 1120mhz and post benchmark scores ? 
  i have a dell optipleb as a server . 
  i did too . 
  anti-aliasing in minecraft is broken atm ( atleast with optifine 's settings ) , unless they quietly fixed it . 
  only difference i can see is ambient occlusion . 
  skype comes preinstalled with win8 .1, 
  use some dosh on killing floor . 
  i upgrade when i need to . 
  for next upgrade i 'm thinking of getting 32gb ( 4x8gb ) ram . 
  i believe it 's the 7990, 
  the 295x2 has different fans . 
  you need a vbox module pack for that . 
  1080p 60fps smartphone masterrace, 
  it may be a dying graphics card . 
  this happened to me at school with a radeon x1650 . 
  not everyone has a g3 ( i have the g2 ), 
  mine lasts a day on heavy use . 
  lubuntu works . 
  if not , mulinux . 
  yeah , it is a number , but sometimes numbers matter . 
  100/10 megabit here, 
  looking to upgrade to 32 on my desktop . 
  dem ram timings, 
  my isp does n't . 
  i have 8gb and it constantly runs out . 
  most of the time because too many chrome tabs :d, 
  samsung makes awesome ssds and artillery tanks but their phones are ... meh ... 
  i just use dban to nuke the whole drive , and reinstall the os after . 
  5gb in one day ? 
  i use like 70gb . 
  or lol, 
  i had one , but mistakes were made ; ~ ;, 
  it 's most likely something else ... * ahem *, 
  his dad shoulda sold his games and get him a pc , so he could make money making games , instead of playing them . 
  my laptop has a radeon x1250 . 
  it plays tf2 at 20 fps on 1024x480 , all graphics options on lowest . 
  only melting the hard drive with thermite is more secure . 
  ( and more fun :3 ), 
  i 'll probably get one when the final version comes out . 
  oh well , i 'm getting a new laptop soon . 
  it 's an asus with an i5-4210u and a gt 840m . 
  probably gunna use linux on it . 
  edit : wrong cpu, 
  i 'm using grub bootloader and it has a menu entry for uefi, 
  same here with tf2, 
  someone has been spamming sick stuff like that lately . 
  thank god i 'm always too late and link has been deleted . 
  i got a 8800gt for free from a friend . 
  now i do n't need it anymore so i gave it to another friend who needs it more . 
  \\* til 's internally *, 
  all i use is ntfs and ext4 . 
  i use ext4 because i 'm used to it . 
  40fps is barely acceptable for me if the graphics are good . 
  maybe make a ubuntu theme out of it ? 
  i found [ this ] ( http://worldofgnome.org/making-gtk3-themes-part-1-basics/ ) link . 
  r9 270x here , it works fine but source games lag sometimes . 
  i like firefox more but chrome has much better sync ( like bookmarks ) , and more features . 
  i have the same processor as op is thinking of getting , it works just fine when gaming . 
  i have a gt 610 on my school pc , it works pretty well on arch linux . 
  i can even play some games during breaks . 
  i think i 'm gon na stay with vishera, 
  works fine for me . 
  finnish pc master race reporting in . 
  me and my friend played l4d2 with a ping of 900 , both of us had only mobile broadband . 
  my mom does n't give a shit about what i do . 
  also she barely knows how to open chrome . 
  i do n't understand how they are so greedy that they have to have separate mac editions . _ . 
  why ? 
  fukin tablets man ... 
  i tried it too , the exctinction gamemode was kinda fun but not worth 30 $ . 
  we can eat both of our enemies :p, 
  admins, 
  i have been in the 8-core master race for 2 months myself . 
  not on the blue team though . 
  i downloaded it quickly and tried it a little . 
  oh god the textures , they were horrible in certain places even i set them on highest , and still required 1800mb vram ( monitored with msi afterburner ) . 
  the exctinction gamemode was kinda fun but otherwise it 's just shit . 
  it 's like 10c outside here in finland . 
  i opened a window , set a table fan to blow cold air into my apartment and watched my cpu temp go down ( i got about a 10c reduction in load temps ), 
  no comcast in europe :3, 
  i wish my graphics card had % d mb memory :(, 
  me too : i, 
  pretty normal here in europe , too . 
  you may want to check out [ this ] ( http://www.lian-li.com/en/dt_portfolio/pc-tu100/ ) pc case, 
  i have a voodoo 2 somewhere . 
  one dude still sells keys via pm , i think his name was s5ean or something . 
  old need for speeds . 
  i recommend underground 2 , most wanted and carbon . 
  and ubisoft wonders why we do n't like them ... 
  how to secure your server :, 
  step 1 : use linux , goddammit . 
  [ heh ] ( http://youtu.be/sx609jcazda ), 
  i would actually like to have a macbook pro . 
  they are very nice looking . 
  i would n't use os x on it though , i 'd install ubuntu or elementary os, 
  everyone should start with the ak . 
  if you can master the ak , you can master anything . 
  40 is the absolute minimum for me . 
  they wo n't,
