  i have a nano , it can play the witcher 3 at 1440p ultra . 
  the pro driver uses the same kernel module ( amdgpu ) as the open source driver . 
  install mesa-utils , run glxinfo . 
  post output here like / u/nwgat said . 
  it 's because nvidia completely abandoned the 800 series . 
  my friend has an 850m or 860m and the drivers are shit . 
  do ` glxinfo | grep opengl ` , there should be a line that says the version , 4.5 or 4.3 depending on what driver you are using . 
  if you 're indeed using amdgpu-pro , it should be 4.5 . something, 
  older windows games have a very high chance of working as good , if not better in wine than on windows . 
  newer games , you 're sol unless the game uses dx9 or opengl . 
  just curious , would a g29 or g920 be a good upgrade from a g27 ? 
  i own a g27 and it 's been fine lol, 
  you should try some other vulkan games first like talos principle , or maybe some demos like vkcube . 
  i 've done no mods to mine , and i have n't even oiled the gears ( heard you got ta do it sometimes ) : <, 
  try running vulkaninfo , see if it says anything interesting, 
  well people ca n't really listen to text , unless they 're using a tts software . 
  no , about 45-60 . 
  it 's good enough to me . 
  100 + fps is only useful in fps games imo . 
  r9 fury crossfire b0i, 
  when you have never owned a recent amd card but still have the balls to talk shit, 
  [ laughs in amd ], 
  * linux driver crashes *, 
  i could afford a gtx 1070 , just fyi . 
  i just prefer amd , freesync is fucking great even though my monitor has a fairly small range . 
  ( among other things ), 
  are they really going through the trouble to give fans just 2 items ? 
  so c # or javascript . 
  because majority of games are steam-only nowadays . 
  whether that 's a good or bad thing is subject to opinion . 
  bios if possible . 
  if you have a laptop or a prebuilt , you might be outta luck . 
  if you need help , it 's quite easy :, 
  1 : raise multiplier until stress test crashes, 
  2 : raise voltage, 
  3 : repeat 1-2 until temps and/or noise gets too high, 
  amd has their overdrive software that can overclock on any amd cpu system . 
  iirc intel has a tool like that too but forgot the name . 
  i like buying some games from gog . 
  just in case valve goes bankrupt some day . 
  when your cooler is bigger than your mobo, 
  bit of a late answer , but looking online people said it 's only to reduce some noise . 
  not really because of longevity , but i 'm sure it 'll extend that too . 
  but it can still play minecraft , at least older versions . 
  i ca n't remember what version i ran , but it was on a p4 machine with an fx 5200 , got playable fps at 1280x1024 res with tiny render distance . 
  stalker - call of vodka, 
  if you install linux on a ps4 with an exploit , i think it might be possible to overclock it . 
  because old program, 
  i think both , but demos used the regular . 
  on linux with btrfs , it actually increases performance . 
  this is microfuck so ca n't say . 
  edit : why downvotes ? 
  better experience on potato hardware, 
  i prefer to play simulators with speakers myself . 
  headphone cable gets in the way . 
  glorious amd finewine technology does n't start fires unlike novideo thermi, 
  moto g4 is decent and affordable . 
  at least you have the best mouse on the market . 
  we have reached the point where wireless is finally on par with wired . 
  not a good idea if you have carpet and/or you have a windowed case . 
  i have neither , so i keep mine on the floor . 
  plus , no space , and i 'm afraid i might bump it : i, 
  finland here . 
  bit of a bigger price gap in jimms.fi , 1050ti is 180 $ , rx 470 230 $, 
  you swapped from an r9 380x to a 970 ? 
  i have a laptop with an older apu + a dedicated gpu . 
  got about 5 fps average on maxed settings : i, 
  does n't run hot tho , acer makes alright laptop cooling . 
  or you could just get peripherals with no rgb ... those still exist yaknow . 
  or turn off the rgb effects , whatever . 
  you think fx-6120 is bad ? 
  try a8-3520m, 
  any amd gpu should still run minecraft . 
  i had to use my laptop for a week , i know how it feels . 
  i 'm gay, 
  i do n't really like buying expensive electronics outside my country : i, 
  i have an atx case and i can still use it as a footrest lmao, 
  that 's why my pc smells like dirty socks, 
  those are meant for smurfs, 
  they should be coming in late february . 
  iirc there will be budget options too , like 4c with smt, 
  nano 's heatsink is a ton smaller tho . 
  even if i raise power limit to max , it still runs cooler than my 290 . 
  but it does n't work on linux . 
  in talos i get better fps , but some stutter with vulkan vs opengl, 
  i thought it 's 250-275w ? 
  triggered, 
  and of course it does n't work on the platform that needs it the most . 
  i want to know this too . 
  they do n't work correctly for me unless i delete all of them and make them again manually . 
  proprietary driver sucks ass though . 
  you have an nvidia card . 
  well-made dx12 games have much better performance than dx11 games . 
  it 's just that most dx12 games are n't well-made . 
  hitman and aots are examples of well-made dx12 games . 
  i think the name is n't as cool , and dx is better documented . 
  i remember when a 1gb memorystick on my sony ericsson felt huge . 
  from what i understood , he removed them until he can fix them . 
  not permanently . 
  i know , but returning to store is easier that way .
