  psu , as it 's crap quality and most likely burns your house down . 
  cpu cooler , as it 's very loud . 
  arch ? 
  \\* proceeds to shave own neckbeard *, 
  why not linux mint or some other desktop os ? 
  android-x86 is n't really meant for desktop , more for x86 tablets and tiny netbooks . 
  should n't the d802 be updated first ? 
  i do n't give a damn about official lollipop . 
  i just want an unlockable bootloader ; _ ;, 
  i think it 's 6, 
  i have a ps3 for gran turismo 6 . 
  i do n't really even play it much anymore because the loading times are fucking crazy . 
  i tried the pc version . 
  looks great , 
  i use the magnets as fridge magnets . 
  they are more of a bootloader lock bypass ... officially unlockable bootloader would be awesome . 
  \\  tfw ca n't even access fastboot , even though phone has it, 
  \\ #kdemasterrace, 
  glorious kde masterrace, 
  it 's efficient in using desktop space , but not really ideal for a casual user who 's used to a normal window manager . 
  setenforce 0, 
   adblock, 
  more memory-efficient . 
  ( lower ram usage ), 
  it works , but i see no reason to use it really . 
  initial d has some good music . 
  and this is from a metalhead . 
  you should see my room . 
  gnome is great too , but kde has much more customization . 
  mine was outdated , but then i flashed the newest nightly, 
  1080p looks like crap to me . 
  4k monitor owner problems . 
  flash drives ? 
  that 's so 2010 . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.softwarebakery.drivedroid, 
  always works . 
  i have no idea if it works with winblows images though . 
  download an app that executes a script on startup . 
  or make an init.d script , whatever . 
  my pc monitor 's res is 4x higher than my phone 's . 
  get an sd card or free some space ? 
  i 've made dumb mistakes like that , too . 
  when i last reinstalled arch ( been jumping between ubuntu and arch ) , i forgot to install grub , and wondered why it did n't boot . 
  i was very tired though :d, 
  ah yes , ` murican carriers who lock everything down . 
  tfw atx mobo that can only handle 2-way sli/xfire ( unless dual-gpu cards ), 
  i went left . 
  did n't regret . 
  i have a single r9 290 and that cheap samsung uhd monitor ( forgot the name ) . 
  games i 've tried seem to run quite nicely ( assetto corsa , tf2 , dirt 3 ) . 
  have n't tried anything too heavy yet . 
  windows 8.1 works fairly well at 4k, 
  use google hangouts ? 
  it works well enough on linux . 
  they look really weird on chrome , windows 7, 
  i have one , it 's great . 
  identical performance to nexus 5 , and a bigger battery . 
  tried hill climb racing . 
  runs near perfect , but lags a bit . 
  if i just had the patience to port it for my phone . 
  after 2 years of use , arch takes about an hour to get into a usable state . 
  eh , my lg g2 works well with android 5.0.2 . 
  got it for 400 $ from verkkokauppa about a year ago . 
  what i 'd like to see in gta v is racing wheel support , ( like the logitech g27 ) because driving is a big part of the game series . 
  would n't vpn solve that ? 
  i did a teamspeak server instead , but for a different reason . 
  my friends are too dumbasses to use mumble . 
  4k monitor and 1080p phone . 
  i do n't really like cs go . 
  or tf2, 
  < serious  i 'd like a cup holder that fits into a 5.25 '' bay . 
  i do n't need to hide them , because i live alone . 
  steambawx, 
  vessel does n't support glorious uhd : c, 
  mentlegen, 
  my brother has an old phenom ii i used for a while when i ascended . 
  still runs great . 
  i 'd rather have demos , especially for expensive games . 
  0.5 looks kinda like gnome3 on linux . 
  r9 290 is a great card , especially for that price . 
  only if firefox did n't crash for me : /, 
  also twitch and 4k videos lag in firefox . 
  guess i 'll change to opera . 
  ( and thanks , had to post this comment on opera ), 
  it crashes only version 41 i think . 
  how is linux not a full pc os ? 
  someone may argue that it has no games , but that 's really the only thing where it 's behind windows . 
  ( besides , it runs the most popular pc game of all time ), 
  i bought windows 8.1, 
  why ? 
  i need windows for gaming and i got it for $ 15, 
  it can be a virus , but most likely wo n't damage your linux system . 
  / bin is reserved for system executables . 
  i hate insects in general . 
  it does n't crash chrome , only the tab . 
  ( atleast for me ), 
  kitty0706 ; _ ;, 
  he ate a can of dog food ? 
  i could post 2160p content . 
  i dunno what games i should post though . 
  you can use :,
