  went for a sata ssd instead , 850 evo is still plenty fast . 
  x99 does support nvme natively iirc . 
  mine has m. 2 , but only for sata ... 
  it does n't use sata at all . 
  i took my dvd drive out completely : /, 
  my 290 runs gta v at high settings at 40-50 fps ... 
  wan na trade for my ud590 ? 
  i want dat freesync ; w ;, 
  i think you meant ublock . 
  2 different adblockers ? 
  why the fuck . 
  yes , but just ublock with blocklists is enough ... 
  it 's like running 2 antiviruses at the same time lol, 
  yeah , hosts file is more effective since it 's system-wide ... 
  but i cba , i just use ublock since most ads are on websites anyway . 
  at 4k , with no aa . 
  it is overclocked though , 1100/1400mhz, 
  what about the `` relevant username '' ? 
  nice . 
  i 'm going for beyerdynamic myself . 
  i can see my profile and friend profiles via mobile chrome . 
  the gpu and psu are horrible . 
  the psu is from a small , unknown brand , will probably catch fire in 6 months . 
  the gpu is very underpowered for it 's price , i 'd recommend a 200 $ gpu , such as r9 380 or gtx 960 simply for the bang for buck . 
  the graphics card has it 's own graphics card . 
  speaking of that , do you think it 'd be worth it to get a ps4 for just 1 game franchise ? 
  i love ratchet & clank series ... 
  you humans are weird . 
  oh shit , i 'm about to buy one . 
  mind telling about it ? 
  your experiences like battery life etc, 
  probably going for a g602 instead . 
  bit cheaper :p, 
  i had 1920 hours in tf2 a while ago , did n't screenshot it : /, 
  real life \u2122, 
  another fun fact . 
  sanctum 2 has it too , and all moonbase alpha copypastas work in it . 
  ( but there 's a length limit ), 
  i do n't get it . 
  til, 
  everytime i clean a pc , i nearly ca n't breathe due to my asthma . 
  i should get those too . 
  tfw 21 and no gf, 
  duct tape the rads together . 
  then there 's me , using an nh-d15 on a locked 80w xeon . 
  quiet as fuck though lol , they run at 20 % speed . 
  cpu bottleneck . 
  i got 8-9k with my fx-8320@4.4ghz and 290 , now 10.5 k with a xeon e3 and my 290 overclocked to 1100/1400mhz . 
  it looks like a 6 +2 to me ... 
  nh-d15  any aio, 
  but it 's also more reliable due to less moving parts . 
  no :p, 
  my brother keeps his pc on carpet . 
  can you guess which way i installed the psu ? 
  ipc is a thing . 
  most android soc 's have pretty bad ipc , so they add more cores and clockspeed . 
  it 's like comparing amd ( bulldozer ) to intel, 
  generally yes . 
  at 1080p they are similar in performance , but at 1440p or 4k , 390 wins easily . 
  / r/androidmasterrace, 
  i have an unlimited plan and all phones i 've had simply let me tether without any hacks . 
  but i think it might be because i do n't live in a country filled with greedy corporations , such as the united states . 
  tfw unlimited data plan, 
  dem hats doe, 
  how 's that 290 doing on linux ? 
  yeah ... 
  i 've had a terrible experience . 
  whichever driver i use , all i get is issues . 
  on radeonsi ( open source ) : general use such as browsing works fine , most games run well , tf2 stutters to hell , especially in the modded server i play 99 % of the time . 
  ( goes down to 10-20 fps ), 
  on fglrx : games run well , any browser with gpu acceleration causes system to stutter , gpu load goes to 100 % , temps 60-70c, 
  yet still i want to buy an amd r9 fury , because amd promises to fix the drivers . 
  hope they actually do that , i 'd hate to buy an nvidia just to use linux . 
  and oh , if you use fglrx , try disabling catalyst ai . 
  helps a ton , allows me to play dirt showdown at 4k , ultra preset , 2xmsaa at 50-60 fps . 
  z97 does n't support the full bandwidth of that m. 2 drive iirc, 
  that requires multiple gpus , and lot of linux skills . 
  with most vms , yes . 
  but not with pci passthrough like linus did it . 
  ac is more realistic , supports mods . 
  but if one 's case has no window , why care about looks ? 
  i once strapped a fan to a passively cooled gpu with old speaker wire . 
  tfw my phenom ii is missing a mobo, 
  future expandability maybe ? 
  was n't asking for it though lol . 
  i 'll get some cheap asus am3 mobo when i have the money . 
  friend of mine never read instructions when doing stuff on linux classes at school . 
  he just ran random commands and asked why this shit does n't work :d, 
  he also hated how gnome 3 does n't let you login as root . 
  partitioning is a thing . 
  yes , but backups are also a thing . 
  dat overclock headroom xd, 
  yeah you can do that on linux . 
  you need to make a . desktop file , and put it in . config/applications/autostart iirc . 
  pc part prices seem to be high as balls everywhere outside the us . 
  video not available in my country . 
  goddamn youtube . 
  451 unavailable for legal reasons, 
  goddammit archive.is, 
  that was in a time when throttling and in-chip thermal protection did n't exist .
