  i know , but i wish one of my games were ported or made wine-friendly . 
  i just need assetto corsa to work on linux , and i can ditch windows . 
  motherboard pins can bend too . 
  i bought a used phenom ii x3 710 . 
  it was in similar condition . 
  after cleaning and using good paste i was even able to overclock it a bit with the stock cooler . 
  he cpu is currently in my brother 's rig , fitted with the cooler that came with my fx 8320 . 
  would join if i was n't a poor student . 
  he 's a brainless bot , do n't be so harsh to him . 
  i heard they can display the os and certain media at 4k , but games ? 
  nope . 
  plus.google.com came up for me . 
  3 comments have 3 upvotes o_o, 
  no nexus here but still android 5.0.1 . 
  same here . 
  running liquid atm but flashing cm12 again tomorrow . 
  my steam wallet is empty , but that 's because i use money straight from my credit card . 
  i 've wanted this game for a while . 
  eh , i guess i 'll just wait for christmas . 
  add me too . 
  gon na buy it soon . 
  someone should steal one of these and upload the emulator to kickasstorrents . 
  my r9 290 idles at 50 \u00b0 c. 
  if you can get it off , buy a third party cooler that uses it 's own mounting system ( like cm hyper 212 evo ), 
  i once played minecraft at 320x240 in fullscreen . 
  yes , it was the pc version , not ps2 . 
  only mac and linux + consoles, 
  me and my friend got bored at school once , so we both downloaded the game and an autoclicker , and raced who can get a better score :p got bored again within 30 minutes and deleted the game . 
  out of that boredom i managed to make a chat spammer out of the autoclicker ( it 's quite versatile ) , and crashed another classmates web browser with it xd, 
  agreed . 
  i know ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  just told the guy before him to delete his comment and add it later via vpn . 
  kubuntu ? 
  yeah , you can uninstall the unity interface and install whatever you like . 
  should work , but check [ appdb ] ( https://appdb.winehq.org/ ) . 
  also [ playonlinux ] ( https://www.playonlinux.com/en/ ) makes installing windows games easier . 
  dunno if til or tmi . 
  the crew or fc4, 
  i 've had no problems with my r9 290 . 
  dunno about nvidia . 
  amd drivers on linux are still crap : /, 
  hits 470mbps easy . 
  they were great before they changed the flash . 
  source : i own one . 
  depends on where you live . 
  if you live in a cold area , r9 290x . 
  otherwise nvidia . 
  i 'm pretty sure any modern phone can show 60fps content ... 
  my brother did the same . 
  blocked his ps3 from wifi . 
  the laptop i sold my dad has a huge debian sticker on the back and a similar linux sticker cx, 
  higher resolution than my setup , even . 
  oh well , i have amd vsr . 
  i may buy it if i 'm drunk and the game is on -95 % sale . 
  i have their burning earth shirt :3, 
  there are cheaper models , like the pny one for 330 $ . 
  amd says 90 \u00b0 c is perfectly safe . 
  i 'd keep it lower though . 
  my msi model gets to 86 \u00b0 c. 
  i have a quite big room , so it does n't get as hot . 
  if you want , you can pirate it . 
  i mean , you already paid for it , so i think it 's ok . 
  it 'll probably be playable soon . 
  same happened with dead island . 
  did you accidentally connect your pcie power to the cpu header ? 
  i hate all horror games in general . 
  yep . 
  my headphones cost 50 $ , and they are good enough for me . 
  i do n't have a super hot gf , but a very hot radeon ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  nfs ug2 probably . 
  it 's just that i have a wild imagination and ca n't sleep if i play horror games or watch a horror movie ; _ ;, 
  tf2 is one of the most popular pc games ... 
  i have one and it ai n't bad . 
  i got one before the flash switcheroo though . 
  i 've been using it for months and have n't been banned from anything . 
  it may cause compatibility issues though , like steam overlay not working in space engineers . 
  small brush or q-tip . 
  is this a joke or do people actually use these ? 
  2 minutes late ... ; _ ;, 
  what i hate about middleclick is that it does n't work in some pages . 
  for example , an online store i my country . 
  if you middle click , it just opens the link in current tab/window . 
  do you have svp ? 
  find motherboards for them , set up distcc , and build android . 
  that 's what i 'd do atleast cx, 
  i 'm running a single msi r9 290 and fx-8320@4.2ghz with 650w , and my brother is running my old asus r9 270x and a phenom ii x3 710 with a budget 500w . 
  i have a bit over 200 games . 
  i play about 2 of them regularly . 
  i do n't get these ranks , and why my brother insists that he has to always finish a match . 
  never played cs : go, 
  i do n't think we can overtake tb though . 
  i ca n't remember how much assetto corsa originally takes , but i doubled the install folders size with mods . 
  i 'm using turtle beaches as well , but i use my webcam mic , which has slightly better quality . 
  i 'd rather have a censored game than a banned account . 
  why america in specific ? 
  finland ? 
  imagine the nonexistent loading times o_o, 
  chinese hackers trying to hack into my debian server ... 
  tried atleast : root ( which i blocked , have to login with normal user and use su ) , admin , 1 , 2 , some chinese name . 
  also i have my fail2ban set to block for 1 whole day .
