  i think it 'll be worth it to get a samsung 960 evo just to play kf2 , lol, 
  ya think 3gb/s is enough ? 
  i have 2 of those ssds . 
  they 're great but i want even faster :d, 
  tfw only 5 years, 
  why did they have to overvolt them from the factory ... 
  i7-7800x is n't really a good cpu though . 
  r5 1600 is like 1 % slower at stock speeds and costs like half . 
  shoulda just sold them at lower clockspeed and voltage ... 
  no you do n't . 
  heyyyyyy that 's actually quite good, 
  it 's hilariously inaccurate , would n't recommend . 
  i use it in beamng.drive , it says something like 500 fps when it 's really 70, 
  i ca n't even get 2800mhz . 
  mine too . 
  mine crashes at 3.9 1.35 v , so probably 1.4 ? 
  i like it in some games, 
  mine 's black non-windowed, 
  i manage my cables anyway even tho i got a non-window version, 
  same happened in my school lmao, 
  looks more like a room heater with that graphics card, 
  vsync on in games where you dont care about latency that much , off in others . 
  enhanced sync if it 's available for you . 
  i 'm personally buying a vega 64 because i can get one for cheap , and also because my brother needs an upgrade so giving my nano to him . 
  57-144hz works fine on mg279q though , so eh, 
  yep , lot of their products have finnish names . 
  kova = hard, 
  etc, 
  or a gsync monitor to minimize the effect, 
  what if she identifies as a male, 
  afaik only amd cards because of crossfire, 
  it runs somewhat playably in wine though . 
  i get 80-120 fps on an r9 nano . 
  freesync does n't in my experience , at least not significant amounts . 
   the core is jumping all over the place in real time despite the temperature being stable, 
  probably hitting power limit . 
  yeah seems like a good rig for 2048x1080, 
  i mean there are aircoolers that are on par with aio liquid coolers . 
  kinda late for that , i 've played it 1100h on windows already , and bought a fuckton of their keys : i, 
  hope it gets cracked so they have to remove denuvo ... 
  and only the most important component ( for gaming ) is liquid cooled , nice . 
  i plan to do something like this myself when i get my vega 64 . 
  needs a 360mm clearly . 
  running them in dx10 mode . 
  because the blocks are the only things needed for a custom loop , right . 
  i had one too , gave to my brother cause he used to have an fx-6300, 
  fx-6300 temps were n't bad because of the hyper 212 that was on it , but the mobo had crap vrms and throttled it : /, 
  tfw my main pc is in an r4, 
  must be really silent though cause of that noise insulation, 
  yeah , the ryzen does run really cool, 
  if i understood right , he 's trying to feed you bullshit to kill net neutrality ? 
  beyerdynamic dt770 80ohm is good , but might be expensive in the us . 
  those are headsets, 
  downgrade to 16.12 driver, 
  uninstall skype and use discord, 
  mobo detected power surge might just be a false alarm . 
  my asus 760g mobo tells me my old 650w fractal surges , but i know it 's good because my asus prime mobo said nothing ... 
  also the 760g mobo never complained about a liteon 200w turd , so ... 
  still , be careful . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  i have a lot of online friends i 've met in the game , and i enjoy playing it : /, 
  i have bought some games simply because they have linux support , even if i have no real interest in them . 
  if kf2 ever runs flawless in wine with open source amdgpu drivers , i will probably ditch windows altogether , because it 's the only game i play right now . 
  it 's like steam early access , but with hardware . 
  yeah , lot of them sadly stay in early access ... 
  but a lot of them do n't , some games that i enjoy started in early access and turned out great . 
  asus m5a78l-m lx . 
  cpu stays under 60c , but vrms are toasty . 
  i 'll use it as a server at some point , but i have crap internet , and need to get vrm heatsinks ... 
  wattman or wattool can be used to undervolt , i believe gamers nexus used wattool . 
  your answer is in the title, 
  man , i bet he 's good at killing floor 2, 
  i 'm just wondering why they did n't swap to zen cores ... 
  all i got is a 1tb usb hdd, 
  scrake space program, 
  i have the same amount , for me they are : blender , facerig , 3dmark, 
  i never got cortana, 
  fuck no it 's full and it 's my only backup drive, 
  i 'm going from a nano to a vega 64, 
  no , he 's a meth teacher, 
  i believe you just put '' - dx 10 '' into the launch options . 
  i 've had the new layout for months , but i always had to revert to old one because new one did n't work . 
  video was always black and not even controls were showing . 
  because it does n't work on my system . 
  best mouse , i use mine wirelessly all day, 
  my friend is using a pg279qr with a 1070 . 
  does n't play anything too demanding though so his fps is great . 
  bitch lasagna, 
  delete youtube cookies, 
  booting takes too long, 
  drop sample count and use denoising , should bring the time down to half . 
  no , one of their professional card lineup happens to be named the same as the best electric car manufacturer . 
  no u, 
  dang , not much you can do about that except get better hardware ... 
  3x rx vega for rendering ? 
  kek, 
  and finland is using amd cloudfx, 
  i 'm assuming 1070/1080, 
  press enter twice or put 2 spaces at the end of each line to get better formatting . 
  smurf blood,
