  because some people did n't want to create a vessel account . 
  i 'd go with an old nokia n900, 
  my mom has an ishit so she ca n't use linux . 
  my dad however loves the old laptop i sold him , running ubuntu 14.04, 
  did it limit fps to 24 ? 
  yes . 
  he just uploads them to youtube later : /, 
  i did create an account . 
  i just have n't visited there for a while and happened to see that my friend shared the ripped video on fb ... 
  i have a case with a door on the front , and i kept the cover for the 5.25 '' slot . 
  did n't help . 
  what 's sky shield ? 
  i meant she has an iphone , which ca n't really be used with linux . 
  uk is n't the only country with retards in charge . 
  all alcohol advertising ( including liveries on delivery trucks ) were banned in finland . 
  i really do n't think alcohol advertising increases alcohol use in young people . 
  i could n't think of using any other init system . 
  but as a normal user , i can say it 's a lot better than anything else . 
  faster and simpler . 
  i thought of getting beyerdynamic dt 990 pro , is it any good ? 
  that happened only once to me , and browser restart fixed it . 
  tf2 gets really weird graphical glitches though . 
  sometimes my screen gets filled with random polygons like my gpu was dying , then goes back to normal . 
  and it only happens in the linux version of tf2 . 
  youtube discontinued some thing , so all legacy apps get redirected to that address . 
  youtube discontinued some legacy thing and all apps that use it do n't work anymore . 
  i use win8 .1 so i never get that . 
  i did . 
  it seems to happen in gnome too . 
  i got a perfect score in my coding exam . 
  i find it funny how my country ( finland ) managed to develop such a drastically different language from neighboring countries . 
  had an e-450 with 8gb . 
  was not any better . 
  i 'm gon na have to connect using windows because mc is laggy as shit on linux if one has an amd gpu, 
  well , it did get me and my dad into linux . 
  downloading that would only take me 1 minute . 
  wonder if the same guy pasted my r9 290, 
  oh god i had a similar apu once . 
  it was a complete piece of shit . 
  nah but who needs that ? 
  that 's why we have usb drives . 
  ... and it took me 1 hour to download gta v, 
  [ mine 's quite simple ] ( https://puu.sh/hrrvq/841a50f0c9.jpg ), 
  tf2 with a controller ? 
  well i guess he wants us get banned . 
  it 's similarly priced , and pretty much on par in performance . 
  my first was ubuntu 10.04 in 2011 , damn i joined late . 
  i did n't play the first 2 so i do n't even care . 
  now if you excuse me , i got some zeds to kill . 
  we had lierox and cs 1.6, 
  nvidia bugx, 
  i thought that europe uses dd-mm-yyyy . 
  atleast my country does . 
  ahh . 
  well , i 've always used the european method and got confused . 
  thx unix, 
  i actually used single-user mode to reset the password of my teacher 's laptop with lubuntu . 
  was faster than reinstall . 
  actually only one of my teachers use linux ( ubuntu , ech ) as his main os ... all others are mainly windows people : /, 
  the teacher who 's laptop i fixed uses lubuntu mainly for internet . 
  i personally do n't even have windows installed on my school pc , as it was never required . 
  i did have it on a secondary hard drive but removed it because never used it for anything . 
  and yeah , it 's actually a pretty powerful machine , has a phenom ii x2 with 2 extra cores unlocked ( was lucky ) , and a hd5570 i brought from home for dem gaims . 
  edit : started playing my gog copy of flatout 2 last week , already halfway thru . 
  our teacher is n't always present so we got a lot of free time . 
  my school pc ? 
  it 's a mid tower desktop . 
  we get to build our own . 
  computers run on magic smoke , not electricity . 
  if the smoke leaks out , the part is dead . 
  i managed to fry a hard drive 's controller board when i was a noob . 
  thankfully it was only a 40gb ide, 
  hope that does n't happen to the 270x i gave to my bro . 
  trainer was really fun to play around with friends . 
  i somehow made my friend 's motorcycle invisible while he was driving it :d, 
  integrated ram on cpu maybe ? 
  ofc we could still have supplemental ddr3/4, 
  murica, 
  \\  rock and metal are the most popular, 
  i 'm proud of you . 
  well , you 're not really supposed to see the underside . 
  have n't had much driver crashing problems with amd . 
  last one was 2 months ago , and before that a year ago . 
  and this is why i do n't buy nvidia . 
  gta v : uses all available cores , and stutters less with more memory . 
  i have 8gb and gta v stutters a lot , my friend has 16gb and no stutter at all . 
  i prefer adaway because it blocks ads system-wide ( except youtube ) . 
  needs root though :(, 
  yandex has a web browser ? 
  i 'm running gta v at 1440p and getting 45-60 fps, 
  i 'm playing gta v at 45 fps : i, 
  would n't any laptop ram work with macbooks ? 
  i just copy the data from my internal storage to my desktop pc 's hard drive . 
  atleast it works on everything . 
  my dad is fine with my old laptop with ubuntu . 
  i 'm 20 but i have no ideas or motivation to start programming ; _ ;, 
  i personally have an fx-8320 , and pretty much all of my games run just fine . 
  just overclock it to 4 + ghz and you 'll be fine . 
  i have an fx-8320 and everyone mocks me for my choice : /, 
  i mostly game , but sometimes compile stuff , and planning to start programming ( no motivation ; _ ; ),
