  yeah saw when i went on pc, 
  144fps is enough, 
  my ryzen 7 can barely handle it . 
  edge ca n't handle 8k60 on my system , and neither can chrome . 
  you might get banned for that . 
  huh , they used to be limited to 3500kbps for non-partners . 
  til, 
  still , cpu encoding will look better at same bitrates . 
  yeah but a shitty one, 
  my friend is still using a 4790k stock, 
  i do n't think it looks bad , although i do n't own a single corsair keyboard . 
  but if i did i 'd be fine with that . 
  depends on the person and the game . 
  100 fps with smooth frametimes is better than 200 fps with inconsistent frametimes . 
  i believe edge uses gpu acceleration . 
  you both also have latest nvidia cards and i got a gen old amd , explains my video lag . 
  certain effects can make your game lag a ton, 
  mine 's a bit more humble . 
  only market ms still has really is the home computer market , and that should change once most games start rolling out on linux . 
  it 's hypethreading for sure ( perfect typo lol ), 
  i think it 's like having a pagefile on windows vs not having one . 
  it 's slow , but not having it is significantly slower . 
  remember . 
  drivers are n't ready yet . 
  what res are you playing at ? 
  your rtss overlay is so tiny i can barely see it, 
  i need to get this upgrade too soon . 
  my right eye is getting worse daily . 
  borderless slightly increases input lag , and freesync does n't work too well with it . 
  it does increase input lag enough for me to notice . 
  or maybe you do n't notice . 
  or it might just be a placebo to me , but i definetely aim worse in games if i have borderless enabled . 
  what kind of poorly ? 
  that 's the issue i 've been having . 
  most cases have cutouts on the mobo tray to allow cooler backplate install without tearing out the mobo . 
  what if you run outta ram . 
  i can tell ya it ai n't pleasant . 
  why ca n't there be a windows port of aisleriot . 
  my favorite linux exclusive lol, 
  m. 2 drives are no faster than regular ssds , unless they use nvme . 
  what ? 
  i get 30ms ping in my local game servers on lte . 
  or is american lte just that bad ? 
  i 'm in finland . 
  i get 60-ish ping on german servers , it 's alright lol, 
  killing floor 2 . 
  700h and still not bored . 
  hoping i can start cd mod soon . 
  how many hours you got in kf2 ? 
  i 'm a pleb idk how, 
  he went for a g300s, 
  this is why we need amd and freesync . 
  idk about mechanical keyboards , but i disassembled my logitech k120 , washed the top part with the keys without even removing them individually , still work after 2 washes lol, 
  i think with mechs you need to apply a tiny drop of water to the switch and spam it . 
  but i might be wrong . 
  i have an overclocked 1700 , it runs very nicely . 
  have n't done any proper benching , but fps does stay over 100 as long as your gpu is good enough . 
  you have an nvidia card , i recommend you do n't use flex , or at least do n't use fluids . 
  also add me if you wan na play some time . 
  yeah 1440p , most on ultra , few settings lowered ca n't remember which . 
  most fun is on hell on earth difficulty , but you ca n't really play on that difficulty yet :p, 
  i think you can use luks if it 's running on linux . 
  do n't know about other os . 
  i tend to change what class ( they 're called perks though ) i main , usually it was when i wanted to level something . 
  i got all maxed now , so i can just pick whatever . 
  support is really fun , and the penetration of shotguns is satisfying af when you level up, 
  sensors start working when you install it87-git . 
  on arch there 's an aur package , do n't know about other distros . 
  run lspci and see what that device id is . 
  just a tip about the survivalist : do n't play it on higher difficulties . 
  a jack of all trades ca n't be as good as someone specialized . 
  and also people hate it and will most likely kick you . 
  resolution ? 
  if you 're at 1080p it 's normal , because that gpu is way overkill for that . 
  it 's a start tho , works well enough for me . 
  what fps ? 
  if you 're at 150 fps , it 's maxed out and you ca n't get any more . 
  flex turned on ? 
  also what about ram speed ? 
  updated motherboard bios ? 
  odd . 
  update gpu drivers ? 
  at this point i do n't even care who i trigger . 
  i 'm planning to buy an nvidia card as a cuda card tho, 
  are they ? 
  my friend said 4 is trash . 
  hans is such an annoying boss, 
  but it 's still good . 
  i prefer to use my g602 over brother 's g502 . 
  tfw there 's no jobs at amd nearby me, 
  there 's one job at google though , but i have no idea if i 'm even qualified for that : /, 
  it 's amazing when it works . 
  ( most of the it does work , but some games/settings just hate it ), 
  dbs and katana as medic ( medic ar and pistol for heals ), 
  it worked when i viewed a youtube video in steam 's browser , but not in any other browser . 
  it 's weird . 
  vid is n't vcore . 
  mine says 1.55 v too but it 's actually 1.35 ~, 
  i thought nvidia cards suck for mining ? 
  i do n't even have a windowed case .
