  they look so pretty but the game got boring to me . 
  not related to the post , but how are you liking 1440p 144hz freesync ? 
  i got a 4k monitor now and friend has a xg270hu for sale, 
  actually realistic simulation + good graphics, 
  most arm chipsets only have android drivers which are incompatible with linux , so canonical had to figure out a way to use those drivers with their os . 
  i dunno if they can work with arch or deb but i figure it 's way too much work for something not much people want . 
  all these modpacks but nobody to play them with :(, 
  assetto corsa is fun af, 
  try the audi quattro . 
  it 's hard af to spin out . 
  they need to remake it with more ram : /, 
  i 'm more amazed at how i 'm used to 4k : i, 
  opened your screenshot and it looks tiny af to me, 
  facebook is really whoring data lately . 
  i could n't use the facebook app on my g2 before i let it get access to my contacts : /, 
  now i get suggestions to people i do n't wan na add to friends , dammit . 
  if you wan na mine bitcoins , mine them for yourself and not someone else . 
  lot of fury cards can undervolt like mad , gon na reduce power usage a lot . 
  mine can do -42 mv . 
  jesus christ that motherboard is tiny, 
  it 's like a raspberry pi lmao, 
  stock clocks . 
  i just adjust the power limit depending if i need silence or bigger framerates . 
  -10 % for silence , +30 % and it 's pinned at 1ghz . 
  -42 is quite a lot considering -75 is the max allowed undervolt , at least in trixx . 
  maybe it depends on card then ? 
  it only lets me do -75 as i already said , but it crashes instantly . 
  they only work with android 's graphics stack , but not whatever linux users ( ca n't remember lmao ), 
  they made a compatibility layer that makes it compatible somehow . 
  that 's how i 've understood it . 
  i actually have a u28d590d ... 
  i 've never really noticed latency when gaming : i, 
  my friends have the hardware for it , but they 're just bored of the game . 
  it shows text when you hover over it ? 
  til, 
  there does n't exist a motherboard that has integrated graphics and can support a 9590 . 
  the gaming industry has went to shit , and this is why i rarely buy aaa games at full price . 
  i think my last one was gta v over a year ago ... 
  i 've gotten more fun out of indie games lmao . 
  7 days to die , a buggy piece of shit , is more fun to me than most aaa titles, 
  still need to ascend your tablet . 
  i had a minor heart attack when i spilled coffee on my ducky shine 3, 
  thankfully it was a small splash and it still works fine , and does n't even smell like coffee . 
  cheapest ultrawide where i live costs 500 $ ( about 600 usd ) , and it 's only 1080p, 
  i 'm not paying that price for a slightly wider 1080p screen . 
  welp . 
  time to build cm14 i guess . 
  amdgpu should be enough for a non-gamer . 
  if not , install amdgpu-pro, 
  proprietary driver does n't work with gdm though , needs a patch in cogl . 
  nano is n't as good at uv : /, 
  mine could only do -42 mv, 
  where i live , nanos cost less than furys . 
  that 's kinda shit . 
  on amd cards , lower is better ( sounds dumb but it 's true ), 
  mine 's 66 % or something , ca n't remember and cba to check, 
  how 's the monitor ? 
  friend is selling one and i ca n't decide if i should buy that or his fury x. 
   they were n't even going to release the ubuntu 16.04 prop driver . 
  [ what 's this then ? 
  ] ( http://support.amd.com/en-us/kb-articles/pages/amd-radeon-gpu-pro-linux-beta-driver%e2%80%93release-notes.aspx ), 
  $ 35 + $ 25 shipping and import fees . 
  no thanks . 
  75-ish c , 40-50 % fanspeed ( depends on game ) , did n't touch clockspeed at all . 
  i adjust power limit depending on what i need , -10 % for silence , +30 % for 1ghz pinned core clock . 
  you should try undervolting with stock clocks and power limit btw , your clockspeed should go up as your voltage goes down . 
  i already have an r9 nano , should be able to power it . 
  been fine with my 4k monitor but i want higher refresh rates for gaming . 
  65 \u00b0 c is nothing . 
  below normal sauna temp for finns . 
  i 'm just wondering when can i use amdgpu-pro without steam crashing . 
  done that but did n't help with pro driver . 
  whatever i have tried , it still crashes . 
  ( dmesg says that amdgpu_dri . so caused steam to segfault , so i know it 's because of drivers ), 
  and oh , it does n't crash on launch or immediately after launch . 
  it crashes after a random interval for no apparent reason . 
  if it has a tiny amount of ram , then yes . 
  personally i did it all in a terminal emulator though lol , did n't use an app, 
  r9 nano , so it should be officially supported . 
  and no i have n't : /, 
  tfw bought a oneplus 3, 
  i 'm on ubuntu 16.04 and i 've tried latest drivers . 
  they only reduced the frequency of crashes but did n't completely eliminate them . 
  i my country , custom plates cost like 1000 $ ( $ 1200 ) : i, 
   are you using the kernel driver from the dkms package, 
  i 'm actually not sure , i just executed the install script that came with the package ( amdgpu-pro-install ) : i, 
  do i need to do anything special to do that ? 
  also do i need to purge the open source drivers ? 
  ( running latest mesa from padoka ppa ), 
  i 'm running 4.8 right now , i 'll downgrade it and try the drivers again later . 
  thanks for help . 
  i actually ran stock 4.4 the last time i tried the pro driver , but steam still crashed : /, 
  in terminal :, 
  and also make a script in an app or init.d that turns it on at boot . 
  win7 vs os x , mac might actually be faster . 
  win8 improved boot times a lot . 
   is there nothing we ca n't change ? 
  try making nvidia contribute to open source , there 's a challenge, 
  get an lga1151 mobo and cpu right away , upgrading mobo later is a pain . 
  i need a new cpu ; - ;,
