  how to not get rekt by spinny boi :, 
  walk backwards, 
  hipfire always , except for long shots . 
  today i got a railgun high voltage mint . 
  it 's the second very rare item i 've gotten , first one was a precious sg500 . 
  usually my luck is shit though , and i just get items that are battlescarred or ugly lol, 
  also go a full set of medic weapons , elite unit mint , medic pistol carbon fiber mint , and others . 
  it 's running newest afaik . 
  amd official update that also removes legacy boot support . 
  o shit, 
  that 's odd , my friend 's fury started smoking when playing the same game . 
  do n't get yourself in a situation where there 's no open space behind you , and you 'll survive any spinny boi attack . 
  smoother motion in media that supports it . 
  mostly games , but high framerate video exists too . 
  none , do n't need anything . 
  i just want p-state oc in bios : <, 
  i opened a railgun high voltage mint recently . 
  quite happy . 
  my brother joined in a suicidal game with me and other experienced players as lv 0 mando , did really well . 
  unpacked the audio files , i think it 's going to be kinda like the mwg considering there 's a beam like sound ( ? 
  ) , idk how to put it better . 
  if you wan na know what they sound like , just google wwise unpacker . 
  i think both are great . 
  so how does svp work, 
  same thing . 
  better os, 
  i would n't . 
  it has caused some issues for me . 
  sometimes the fps overlay crashes my game . 
  also the fps overlay hotkey does n't work . 
  fuck no that 's gay, 
  not sure if tripwire would like that . 
  if you like killing ugly motherfuckers , killing floor 2 is free for a week and on sale until 22nd . 
  nzxt cam caused issues for me , like crashing games when opening fps overlay . 
  has also caused cod bo3 to not launch . 
  there is n't a single founder 's edition card in the album . 
  reddit is downvoting useless comments . 
  2007 powerhouse lol, 
  i got one for free in 2013 or so . 
  was a great card , used it until i could afford my r9 270x . 
  try any game that uses more than 2 cores . 
  no cpu bottleneck here . 
  and it 's bullshit . 
  you ca n't even stop an os being annoying without buying the more expensive version , and even then you need to fuck with group policies . 
  because it did n't have the features op wanted ? 
  no , only reference cards . 
  i think it 's possible with ini tweaking ? 
  do n't ask me how though . 
  i ca n't try it . 
  zerker takes fuck all damage anyway so wo n't matter as long as he 's even halfway competent . 
  no , i think you just need to play on a ranked server . 
  i once saw a lv 25 medic with 20h in the game , using all offperk guns . 
  not even once healed me or my team . 
  til, 
  i 've used m79 and katana as medic myself , but never at the same time ( need to carry ar and pistol at least ), 
  oh and once i carried an rpg and medic shotty cause i wanted to do extra damage to the boss , but i still mainly healed . 
  i once did that on boss wave just for extra damage . 
  it 's only fine if the dead player rq 's . 
  some men just want to see the world burn . 
  i 'd say that 99 % is only on hoe . 
  sounds like a bug to me . 
  because they do n't last forever . 
  but 900 series are earlier are called reference , not founder 's . 
  msi afterburner with rtss . 
  i have 2 vietnam rpg skins and they 're non-tradable and non-marketable . 
  i got a double rpg skin . 
  yes , but it 's multiperk so it should give xp to support . 
  why do n't you solo offline ? 
  support can be a great trash killer on certain maps . 
  unless everything has gone tits up and there 's raged scrakes following you . 
  would you rather have a chainsaw up your ass or a panicing scrake ? 
  try to teach them first . 
  if they do n't listen/read , kick . 
  then host one . 
  ue4 source is available , how is it not open source ? 
  because you bought it from an illegitimate key site . 
  is the free version safe to use ? 
  take two recently acquired ksp . 
  i wish i was . 
  like that one australian guy i saw on youtube . 
  ca n't remember his name unfortunately . 
  i googled it and their website says there 's a free version . 
  or did i go to the wrong site ? 
  i just listed some that i 've personally played and liked . 
  it gives you a few seconds of breathing room while kiting . 
  only problem i had with tethering that it caused windows to freeze unless i install an older driver from vista . 
  and it 's not even ecc . 
  fuck off apple . 
  i paid that much for 16gb ddr4 ... 
  i did this myself and can confirm that 's the exact behavior . 
  why are you running a server on windows, 
  once , 2 players joined into a hoe game when i was playing with a friend , they kicked both of us for no reason . 
  why ? 
  the watermark is still there because you did n't uninstall it properly . 
  if you want a 4k card but do n't want to buy nvidia for whatever reason , yes . 
  go into your killing floor 2 folder , see if there 's a dxgi.dll or something like that . 
  site does not allow hotlinking . 
  i 'll be fine if it only has better bang for buck . 
  there are voicelines in the game for that already , so they certainly can make it happen . 
  would be great , because my bank 's icon is ugly as shit and does n't look decent in any icon pack .
