  nearing 1k hours in kf2 as well , i 'm hoping it gets a linux port soon . 
  now you just need a new cpu, 
  i like the new design personally , but i have to use the old one because the new one does n't fucking work . 
  why did i never know about this ahhhhhhh, 
  oh god i had a 4k monitor , most sites were unusable ... 
  new gpu, 
  silicon lottery, 
  i had a 290 paired with a 4k monitor , and it did surprisingly well . 
  medium-high settings in gta v , it held playable fps . 
  i had an msi r9 290 , it was loud and hot but loved it . 
  `` kill me please '' -6600 k, 
  sounds gay i 'm in, 
  i sold mine for 150 $, 
  it does that to me too , but only if the game is in exclusive fullscreen mode, 
  ducky keyboards are available in nordic tho , i have a fin/swe shine 3 . 
  chromium does support h264, 
  vp9 is superior anyway . 
  also i have watched twitch streams on chromium myself . 
  good , it was crap . 
  i could n't even install it . 
  oddly , my bank app is the only one that does n't give a shit about root . 
  for maximum cheeki breeki . 
  10 % is `` much lower '' ? 
  best way is to hold fire button and quickly tap melee bash . 
  i use windows mainly and i never get any of this, 
  razer wireless ? 
  titty, 
  titans do n't support double-precision anymore , only og titan did afaik, 
  well it does , just not very well yet . 
  afaik the only employee who regularly browses that sub is bridgman, 
  have fun finding a motherboard, 
  op clearly has a flu, 
  that 's because mobile games are trash, 
  trash service tho, 
  video and gaming are different . 
  the vr logo msi uses reminds me of finnish railroads logo, 
  you need a gpu and browser that support vp9 decoding . 
  i believe you need pascal or polaris gpu , and need to use ms edge . 
  i have an athlon xp i got from my grandpa . 
  it 's been pencil modded but surely not by him ... 
  check bios settings, 
  it will in [ some games ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jypkqwpotni ) . 
  it was n't for the i5 vs r5 , it was just the first benchmark video i found ... 
  look at the cpu utilization , it 's 80-100 % in a lot of the games . 
  try multitasking like that . 
  at 144hz you 're gon na have even higher fps to push , which is gon na strain the cpu even harder . 
  and who uses their pc just to game ? 
  you might be running on integrated graphics , which would explain the lag . 
  mg279q = 600 $, 
  meh , eu always gets cucked with tech prices . 
  man i got a super flower 750w leadex ii gold for 130 $ ... 
  no , you do n't . 
  a good quality 750w will be enough , and you can get one for 130-150 $ . 
  still not $ 300 psu like you said . 
  mg279q is ips . 
  also i was going with my local prices , they 're a bit different . 
  [ pg279q in finland ] ( https://www.jimms.fi/en/product/show/115002/pg279q/asus-27-rog-pg279q-ips-pelimonitori-wqhd-165hz-g-sync-pivot-dp-hdmi-usb-3_0 ), 
  by my local prices there 's a 350 $ difference , which is $ 400 . 
  performance is fine for me , if they can get the price right i 'm sold . 
  do n't care for heat output because i live in the fucking arctic , it 's a plus if anything . 
  i had the same motherboard , it was great . 
  that 's probably bronze rated and non-modular . 
  $ 250 so not that far off . 
  are you using some kind of resolution scaling ? 
  i 'd reset it to 100 % . 
  i 've seen it quite a lot on linux , idk why . 
  edge was slower when i tried using it , but it 's probably just because of my browsing habits . 
  i have a similar card but it 's a 8500gt, 
  same reasons for me , but also because i 'm not exactly in the best financial position ... 
  if they can give me gtx 1080 performance for cheaper , i 'm in . 
  they did n't do that because gcn does n't scale that well after 2800 cores . 
  look at fury vs 290x, 
  if new drivers enable features that have been disabled , then yes , it can do 30-50 % easily . 
  hey , good thing we all have been training for this . 
  just need to get my hands on an rpg . 
  i need 5 times that in shooters or i ca n't aim for shit . 
  even after clearing all of that , chrome is faster . 
  jokes aside , ps4 version looks quite good and afaik runs at 60 fps unlike a lot of titles . 
  what cooler ? 
  from these i only play kf2 , it 's quite easy to get 150 fps in it . 
  rule 8, 
  i did too , from 270x to 290 in like 6 months . 
  sometimes original games are better than their sequels . 
  like killing floor , 1 has way more guns . 
  now that 's my favorite daydream . 
  pve has always been the core game , and it always will be . 
  it makes your cmos battery last longer, 
  same happens on amd, 
  how are you supposed to install it ? 
  writing iso to a flash drive and booting from it did n't work . 
  too lazy to close, 
   vmm : mask the vme cpuid capability on amd ryzen processors for now to make certain guests works , for example windows xp, 
  uhh , i 'm running an older version and windows xp vm works just fine, 
  default settings, 
  well iunno , it 's not really slow though . 
  is that supposed to be a high amount of uptime ? 
  i do that sometimes . 
  maybe i should stop i guess . 
  railgun has autoaim tho , i think it 'd be fair if the m99 had a bit more damage , maybe enough that you can oneshot scrakes on 6-man hoe with only 3 left side skills . 
  m82 then ?
