  as i said in another comment , thank gaben my mom did n't give a shit what i did with my laptop . 
  ( i had ubuntu on it , so most likely the same thing would have happened ), 
  people mix up hacker and cracker . 
  hacker is a computer enthusiast , cracker breaks into systems and whatnot . 
  emulators . 
  i took apart my friend 's 7 year old pc that his family did n't need anymore , found 5kg of dust and cathair . 
  good time to have asthma ... 
  but hey , got a phenom x3 and a 1tb hard drive . 
  2 r9 295x2 's , maybe ? 
  you can take screenshots on ps4 ? 
  my monitor is in standby mode when my pc is off . 
  i can barely see my uefi logo when booting . 
  you 're really good at making themes . 
  ever considered making themes for linux desktops ? 
  it takes more time tho , since there are a lot of desktop environments , major ones being unity , kde and gnome . 
  i myself use kde . 
  anyone wan na explain ? 
  i have n't finished bioshock yet . 
  my grandma is dustier . 
  thanks . 
  still waiting for wayland ... 
  yes . 
  atleast for games/software that know how to use all available cpu threads . 
  i used to have mavericks on my pc . 
  i get 30 fps on arma 3 regardless of graphics settings . 
  have n't tried fiddling with render distance yet tho . 
  amd phenom ii, 
  i had some troubles getting catalyst to work on arch , mainly because i 'm so used to ubuntu . 
  got it to work eventually tho , and performance is great . 
  also scandinavians . 
  i 'm waiting for it to support amd catalyst and kde : c, 
  i prefer kde because of it 's nice looks and customizability . 
  i guess the only thing i can do is overclock . 
  well , time to buy a watercooling kit . 
  asus motherboards ( at least , do n't know about others ) have a button that boots your pc straight into the bios . 
  fx-8320 , currently sitting on 3,9 ghz on stock voltage . 
  4 of these on a pc and you got a sauna . 
  as a finn i 'd take it . 
  poot dispenser here . 
  i got an old celeron , could make a keychain outta it . 
  loadsamoneyyyyy, 
  i have a ducky shine 3 coming and i may get a ducky zero z for school . 
  both with blues, 
  fx-8320 3,9 ghz : /, 
  i know , but i 'm too scared to raise the voltage : /, 
  you can select the parts and have the store build it for you . 
  i have a 120gb ssd and a 2tb hdd , both are full of games and ... stuff . 
  i do n't get free games from friends , because i 'm the friend who gives free games to my friends . 
  which is why i 'm always broke . 
  and i do n't think anyone of them has posted a screenshot here . 
  what about gaben and linus torvalds ? 
  me too . 
  much easier than a handheld console , no need to hack/mod anything , just download the app and a few roms . 
  currently i 'm playing crash bandicoot 3 . 
  moga controller pls, 
  i made a mumble server for me and my friends . 
  it should n't be too hard . 
  if you do n't wan na install them , you can just use the open source drivers , which are getting closer to the proprietary in terms of speed . 
  i just want a titan : c, 
  maybe :p, 
  i have n't checked , but i have 100 megabit download/10 megabit upload speed from my isp . 
  you can set a specific bitrate doe . 
  do either of them say `` titan '' on the cooler ? 
  we have completely unrestricted internet access at school . 
  we can even configure the firewall ourselves . 
  in fact the firewall was installed by a student . 
  i 've been fine with realtek . 
  friend of mine has n't taken it off from his current laptop . 
  he almost punched me in the face when i tried to peel it off . 
  i thought of pa too , but i like cm because of the support . 
  pac-rom seems neat too . 
  i was supposed to get a nexus 5 originally , but the store was out of stock , and i had the extra dosh for a g2 . 
  i tried it . 
  it has very little performance loss and still looks very good . 
  my little brother is using a 5570 : / i 'll give him my current gpu when i get money for an r9 290x . 
  i have the x version . 
  it also has better power delivery and cooling . 
   small fan that probably spins at 8krpm, 
  nope . 
  atleast we have good internet , 
  really ? 
  where do you live ? 
  i live in helsinki and i have 100 megabit uncapped cable : /, 
  fix your damn laws then . 
  as long as my pc does n't melt through the floor , i 'm good . 
  apu also means `` help '' in finnish . 
  amd needs help . 
  illuminati confirmed . 
  anyone can get malware , even the best of us . 
  i 've had bad experience with seagates . 
  most of the new ones we have at school are already dying . 
  i have a 7 year old 1tb wd green that still works absolutely perfect . 
  it 's preinstalled in windows 8 :(, 
  as scandinavian , all i meet is russian assholes . 
  you know what i want to see ? 
  a golden fractal design define r4, 
  i have a 6gb quantum that still works :d, 
  it 's linux . 
  you can do anything you fucking want . 
  except violate gpl ... linus will be pissed .
