  friend had a razer mouse , broke 2 days ago . 
  he opened it out of curiosity and said the build quality is shite . 
  i 'm hitting 40-60 fps in gta v at high settings in 4k , but i still feel i need a new card : /, 
  or maybe crossfire . 
  yup . 
  awesome build quality though . 
  yes . 
  radeon drivers have only improved after amd acquired them from ati . 
  i 'd even say that amd drivers are better than nvidia 's . 
  only thing wayland is missing for me is proper mouse locking ( not sure what it 's called ), 
  when i play games in xwayland , mouse input does n't work properly at all . 
  in minecraft , the cursor will go to my second monitor at some point , and in tf2 my character just spins . 
  what 's esea ? 
  it will be implemented at some point , use xorg until then . 
  i play about 50-60 hours per week lol, 
  you only own it if you made it . 
  should have bought a 480, 
  i personally use gnome 3 . 
  it 's alright . 
  i could buy one tbh ... my nano needs a buddy , feeling lonely af . 
  buy a 1440p 144hz monitor to use all that power ? 
  r9 nano with 63.4 % asic quality . 
  can handle an undervolt of -42 mv . 
  uh , it has ? 
  last time i tried on my r9 nano , multimonitor worked just fine . 
  i can tell 60fps from 90fps from the lower input latency . 
  cuda computing ? 
  ye should be fine . 
  i have that monitor myself , and an equivalent amd gpu , games run at 1440p high easily . 
  as for ram , get the upgrade if you feel you need it . 
  i have 24gb and have been at 99 % usage sometimes :p, 
  i leave mine on for up to 2 weeks , never had this issue . 
  continuum shaders are extremely demanding , nothing wrong here . 
  try seus or sildur 's vibrant . 
  i dunno , mine does n't lag like that : /, 
  i have an amd card though . 
  i bought some stickers from there . 
  some one 2012 ( ? 
  ) , and again in 2016 . 
  print quality seems worse now : /, 
  try using a live linux disk called gparted . 
  your cat broke the usb ports . 
  there is an insect that has a needle-like penis , and it literally injects sperm into the female 's abdomen . 
  everything is always for the nexus 5 , but not for the almost identical lg g2 ... 
  linux does have native dx9 , but only if you use open source gpu drivers ( which tend to be slow as shit on nvidia ) , and only used by wine . 
  rip, 
  from what i understood , wine normally translates dx9 calls into opengl . 
  but with gallium9 , it can skip that and just use dx9 calls , making it native . 
  needs support from drivers too , which is why it 's only supported in open source drivers atm . 
  it actually does give a good boost to framerates , up to 2x , although it can prevent some games from working at all ( like flatout 1 & 2 from what i tried ), 
  what 's wrong with gnome 3 ? 
  everyone bashes it , but i love it . 
  it 's easy and does what i want it to do . 
  on linux you can just go to a tty and kill the process there . 
  you do n't even need the gpu to play it lmao, 
  the i5 's integrated gpu could run it easily . 
  i 've always allocated 4gb to java , and never had any issues . 
  never tried large amounts of mods though . 
  asus r9 nanos are on sale at [ jimm 's ( finnish online store ) ] ( http://jimms.fi ) , 350 $ . 
  i wan na pick one up but i 'm broke : /, 
  some people might confuse them . 
  af ( anisotropic filtering ) is n't very demanding and can always be maxed without losing performance . 
  16x msaa ( presuming ) is n't even an option usually , and 8x is very demanding . 
  ran like crap for me the last time i tried : /, 
  i got tired of terraria after like 100 hours : /, 
  oh god i hate that msi cooler . 
  had an r9 290 with tf iv , could hear it through headphones . 
  r9 nano ? 
  is it worth watercooling it ? 
  oh ... missed that part sorry ... 
  should still run some of the least demanding shaders though . 
  the world 's most powerful graphics card is terrible ? 
  yup , bought my 8.1 key from him . 
  the forest is fun , but buggy as hell . 
  it 's possible with a proper motherboard . 
  4k minecraft, 
  when i install a no-cd crack , the game gets stuck in loading screens : / ( legit copy , no-cd needed for widescreen/custom resolution patch ), 
  help ? 
  i found my copy at gamestop, 
  you can use a custom resolution patcher . 
  probably gon na be 400 $ in eurolandia . 
  but can it tip it ? 
  was on mobile and did n't see the flair properly . 
  knowing nvjew and typical euro pricing , i would n't be surprised . 
  but it 's still world 's most powerful graphics card , so ... 
  105 \u00b0 c would be an extreme sauna . 
  i was meant to leave my pc doing this for the night but i forgot :(, 
  did it for like a week or so , then i just forgot about it . 
  mine is the eu version . 
  ca n't remember which crack i used : /, 
  can you make a book that explains how the female mind works ? 
  already did :3, 
  i 'll make a profile in sapphire trixx so my gpu stays cool and silent during the night though . 
  it 's more cpu than gpu intensive tho . 
  until you install shaders ... 
  i 'm a finn , but normally our saunas are 90 \u00b0 c max . 
  my dad however told me the swedish saunas are like 60 \u00b0 c lol, 
  how is you being a dumbass and buying a too small hard disk windows 's fault ? 
  it gave me quite a framerate boost . 
  running it at 4k high settings ; with opengl i got 30-40 fps , with vulkan 55-70 .
