  fuck them then . 
  try 4ghz and 1.3 v. 
  my samsung u28d590d ca n't overclock at all ... :(, 
  80hz is stable at both 1080p and 1440p , but i get frameskipping . 
  you need to change the max value in afterburner settings . 
  people are overly sensitive nowadays if you ask me . 
  i own killing floor 2 and it is fucking great . 
  i have nothing to say about the vr version , although i 'd really like to play it . 
  the non-vr base game is fucking great and i 've enjoyed the 114 hours i 've played it so far . 
  i do n't mind the resistances . 
  does n't it just make the game a bit harder ? 
  those microtransactions are completely cosmetic and optional , i do n't mind them . 
  tripwire has made a lot of good games and kept updating them , they can have my money . 
  pvp is a nice idea imo , brings more stuff to do . 
  about the delayed release , you would n't want an early but half-assed game , would ya ? 
  even with a team full of lv25 's , hoe difficulty is very difficult to finish . 
  i have n't finished even a single match on that difficulty . 
  could also be graphics drivers . 
  dual gpu wo n't bring a huge improvement ? 
  i 've been lied to then . 
  very nice headphones , even on integrated mobo audio . 
  learning from mistakes is n't worth applauding for ? 
  tbh berserker was kinda op . 
  well i 've had problems with gorefasts myself too : /, 
  i main field medic , it was already hard to hit them in the head with the starting pistol lol, 
  `` alright , amd radeon rx 480 just arrived for testing , first impressions on video soon '', 
  in case anyone wants a translation . 
  i believe amd massively overspecs their reference pcbs anyway . 
  someone at / r/amd said that , do n't quote me on that . 
  superflower sells theirs like that in europe . 
  what kind of power cost is this based on ? 
  mine costs 0.05 $ per kwh i think . 
  tfw open source amd drivers work near perfectly, 
  tfw my laptop i got from a friend runs at 60c max, 
  and it has an amd apu ... 
  no , but i 've always used amd myself and their open-source drivers work near perfect . 
  comment was n't aimed to help anyone , just to inform how stuff is going on the other side . 
  but hey , at least you have better performance than me . 
  in finnish it means limit or border . 
  does n't the panel just run at 60hz then , showing one frame for 2 refresh cycles ? 
  polaris support has been in the open source drivers for a while now . 
  ads are annoying things that help websites generate money and survive . 
  decently fast though . 
  and it does n't even run at 60c ... :d so chilly here it does n't go over 52c . 
  i got a postblock for calling someone a bundle of sticks . 
  my 290 was loud as fuck , even in the winter . 
  assuming fahrenheit . 
  90c would be a sauna . 
  was n't pc always great ? 
  yeah and fucking useless in gaming . 
  ram speed does matter in gaming , but you 're not gon na see much improvement after 1866mhz , and it depends on the game too . 
  it 's about making your car undrivable on purpose . 
  data caps are shit . 
  i have 2 lte plans , both unlimited and 150mb/s . 
  yup . 
  i pay 5 cents per kwh iirc . 
  with uefi , you can choose a bootloader to boot from , even if both are installed on the same drive . 
  i could use a 9590 and 4x gtx 480 to heat up my sauna . 
  the f word , which i did n't say here because of automod . 
  i feel like people get offended way too easily . 
  yeah peasants need to pay a fee to play . 
  what is that extension thing on the card ? 
  seen them on some cards , never knew what 's it for . 
  no worries , rx 480 will be available soon . 
  ubuntu is a noob distro tho, 
  false bans ** can ** happen . 
  i leave my pc on for the night , but locked . 
  after 10 minutes or so the monitor wakes up for a moment but goes off and stays off the rest of the night . 
  this is easy to change in gnome 3 too . 
  go to : settings  mouse and touchpad , and it 's right there with a simple toggle switch . 
  now if they let me disable mouse acceleration without accessing the terminal ... 
  edit : oh yeah , separate switches for both mouse and touchpad too . 
  could n't be bothered to change the one on touchpad because it does n't work in gnome for whatever reason . 
  ` libinput-list-devices ` says it 's `` etps/2 elantech touchpad '' in case anyone knows how to get one working . 
  is there an equivalent in pacaur to ` yaourt - g < package  ` ? 
  i always run servers without xorg/wayland or any kind of gui , just a terminal . 
  i 'm gon na access it via ssh anyway , why should i need a graphical interface ? 
  xset m 1 1, 
  ` yaourt - g ` downloads it to the current directory , where does ` pacaur - d ` download it ? 
  did n't . 
  read the manpage , it seems to download to $ home / . cache/pacaur . 
  main reason why i 've been stuck on using yaourt , i 'm used to downloading the files into ~ / aur and doing changes there instead of during build . 
  multi-gpu in dx11/opengl games will always have issues . 
  hopefully dx12/vulkan implement much better multi-gpu . 
  i use a keyboard for everything and i 'm better at driving than a lot of controller users . 
  better than reference 290 , that 's for sure . 
  looks fine to me . 
  my friend got 5ghz on my old 8320 , on air :3, 
  no lte available ? 
  bad comparison , but finland has lte connectivity almost everywhere , and the ping is fine for gaming too . 
  `` almost everywhere '' does n't include my house , which does n't have any other means of getting internet . 
  i do regret trading that chip away ... 
  my minecraft has more details at 30fps , but that 's because i 'm running seus 11 shaderpack . 
  i 'm going to buy it today , wonder if an r9 nano can run it at 4k, 
  at least it 's not hardcoded . 
  only for windows ? 
  core clock can make a difference . 
  i swapped 8320 to a xeon e3-1231v3 , no difference . 
  fx was overclocked to 4.7 ghz . 
  or use linux , whichever you like .
