  60hz 4k monitor here , do n't have this issue . 
  only real issue i have is broken overdrive profiles :(, 
  i wan na limit gpu clock when i play tf2 , my gpu does n't need to run at 1ghz for that game . 
  i hate that windows issue . 
  every time i wake up my pc from suspend i have to rearrange my windows , and if i run a game at lower than native resolution , windows rearranges all windows that use dpi scaling ( 4k monitor , have to use 150 % scaling ), 
   meanwhile 2nd card was just wasting energy . 
  apart from it kicking more heat in your room , does it matter ? 
  welp . 
  it actually has a dgpu , hd 6740g2 . 
  ca n't use it though , as i 'm running linux on it and i do n't wan na use garbage fglrx : /, 
  what minor issues , if i may ask ? 
  nvidia supports freesync ? 
  amd thermal `` sensors '' are hilariously inaccurate at under 40 \u00b0 c. 
  personally i 'm fine with displayport , as i only play on a desk with a 28 '' 4k monitor , and do n't really care for game streaming . 
  optimization is a bitch sometimes , and i was considering a gtx 980 just because of their superior linux drivers . 
  how loud was it ? 
  i had an 8320 at 4.7 ghz with a noctua nh-d15 , 60 \u00b0 c under load with a silent fan profile . 
  do n't dp -  hdmi 2.0 adapters exist ? 
  should work fine , but of course it 'll cost a bit . 
  if you 're planning on upgrading , polaris and vega will support hdmi 2.0 . 
  i do n't know ... 
  i do n't trust ms anymore . 
  i probably would n't install it . 
   most of us just wan na play, 
  that 's why i still ca n't use linux as my main os :(, 
  i just care about game performance . 
  amd has seriously improved in that area in the last 1-2 years . 
  fx-8350 has 8 cores , but they 're divided to 4 modules , each consisting 2 integer cores and 1 fpu . 
  so 4 fpus , which is why people refer to it as a quadcore . 
  they perform really well if you 're only doing integer calculations , but games rely on floating point a lot . 
  they touched him inappropriately in his youth . 
  people might hate me for this , but i think it looks ugly ... 
  i loved the look of previous acx cooler , this just does n't look good to me : /, 
  worlds fastest 6 '' bundle of coil whine . 
  i have one cooling my 80w xeon . 
  still gets to 67 \u00b0 c because intel had to use paste instead of soldering the ihs . 
  can you do this on windows 8.1 or 10 ? 
  vsync in borderless kills me x_x, 
  i still got a northwood p4 on pga478 , and an athlon xp :p, 
  i did own a k6-2 as well , threw it away :(, 
  finland 's tech prices are kinda crazy too ... 
  cheapest 980ti is 700 $ still . 
  does freesync do ? 
  thought of replacing my main monitor . 
  guess i 'll stick with exclusive fullscreen then : /, 
  he made a joke of your typo . 
  got 1100/1450 on my 290, 
  minecraft is alright modded . 
  what about direct rendering manager ? 
  without it you would n't have 3d graphics on linux . 
  after 3 years i have only 350 games . 
  i have more , but they only operate at 60hz :(, 
  i did n't see any begging ? 
  it 's porn . 
  how is it not nsfw ? 
  so what ? 
  could be just cyanogenmod . 
  stock for 290 is 1250 . 
  1500 for 390 . 
   did they make any multi-core x86 machines ? 
  core duo series , i have a core duo t2500 and it refuses to boot an amd64 os . 
  i did n't know about it either before i acquired one  ( donation from school ), 
  i think there are systems with dual singlecore processors ( like a server i used at school , 2x singlecore ht 'd xeons ) , but i do n't think you can count those . 
  i use a client called ghetto skype . 
  it 's only on linux , and essentially just a wrapper for the web ui , but it looks and works a lot better than native version . 
  vulkan to the rescue !, 
  wait for zen ... we 're gon na see even faster apus . 
  amd a10 , their top of the line apus with 4 cores and beefy integrated graphics ( best ones have 512 shader cores iirc ), 
  wii u has amd graphics too . 
  they were called ati back then though . 
  i still have games that just do n't work on linux ... 
  so i spend most of my time using windows . 
  not an issue for me , as i have unlimited internet . 
  shame that greed prevents americans from having it too : /, 
  the isp gaben hates . 
  not in my country :(, 
  i do have gpm subscription , should i get yt red too when it 's available ? 
  not everyone is masochistic like us . 
  why is good internet so hard to get in bigger countries ? 
  i live in finland , i 'm paying 25 $ / month for 150 megabit lte connection . 
  cable is a bit worse than lte here though ... 
  i was paying 30 $ / month for 100 megabit . 
  eon wrapper has quite good performance actually , even on amd . 
  wrapper is an easy solution . 
  i did n't say it 's the best solution . 
  upvote 90 % of europe then . 
  why do most americans drive automatic btw ? 
  i have one , currently my secondary gpu . 
  i use it in vms . 
  why do you care about mir ? 
  wayland is going to be the dominant one . 
  personally i 'm planning to get an 8-core zen chip though . 
  need more threads for ... stuff . 
   a developer is gon na use vulkan or dx , not both . 
  there have been games and engines with support for both dx and ogl in the past , i do n't see why they could n't implement both dx12 and vk . 
  win10 should work fine on non-uefi machines ... 
  core duo is different from core 2 duo/quad . 
  limited version , not a full desktop os . 
  try ghetto-skype . 
  works fine for me , but i 've only tried sending messages , idk about calls .
