  monitor . 
  tvs have shit latency , and limited to 60hz . 
  witcher 3 was actually one of the games tested , and i can confirm it works fine with lfc . 
  no , it used to be like that . 
  now you lose the combo in time , i think it 's 1 per second . 
  edit : 1 per 2 seconds, 
  that has happened to me a couple of times because i 'm an idiot, 
   boss wave starts, 
   dies almost instantly because rockets op, 
  i 've seen `` 1000hz '' 1080p tvs . 
  there should be a way to clear the gas cloud . 
  yes please . 
  tiny bit more damage ( or some other buff ) , but no aim assist ability ? 
  well i mean he could maybe play kf incursion on it . 
  only broadwell and up supports vulkan at the moment if i recall correctly . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't play ss or gunslinger much , never paid real attention to it , just knew it goes down in time :p, 
  it 's all marketing wank . 
  they can advertise 1000hz interpolation on a 60hz screen as 1000hz ... 
  much like monitors usually tell the g2g response time , which tells nothing about actual response time ( 3-5ms on good gaming monitors ), 
  yeah . 
  turning off autoaim also doubles your damage , rewarding skilled play . 
  and yes it does penetrate . 
  there is software that allows you to get around that because fuck corporate greed . 
  is that a geforce 9800 or 8800 ? 
  this annoyed the fuck out of me in school . 
  `` now , install cccleaner on your pc '', 
  yeah . 
  i remember when i had an fx-8320 , one time i was building cyanogenmod for my phone on linux . 
  all cores maxed , but it was still responsive , and i could still watch 1080p video without any kind of gpu acceleration . 
  but with my xeon ; nope , not happening . 
  nvidia should drop g-sync completely and instead team up with amd to improve freesync ( or vesa adaptive-sync ) . 
  it 'd make all gamers a lot happier . 
  but we all know they wo n't do that , because fuck the consumer . 
  tfw google 's mobile os uses it, 
  improve the sounds , add wheel support , and i 'll definetely buy it . 
  tbh i 'm having issues hitting those bastards on pc too , because the game is so badly optimized . 
  game 's called 7 days to die btw . 
  you mean windows ? 
  a computer running linux is still a pc . 
  you can use a rooted android phone if you have one . 
  you can make a desktop icon to toggle nightmode if you want it , without touching the terminal . 
  it 's the framerate drops that make it hard . 
  i 'm dropping to 30-40 fps usually . 
  1080p medium settings , i would drop fps like crazy . 
  had to drop settings to lowest to keep over 60 . 
  art is coded in c++ yeah , but all apps use java . 
  tbh , it does run very well when i start the game , but as me and my friend build a base , it drops over time . 
  also huge amount of trees makes it very bad . 
  yes , runs quite bad on his pc too , similar specs as well . 
  ( 4790k , r9 fury ), 
  he runs the game at 1080p lowest , jumps 60-100 fps when we 're in our base . 
  i 'm very sure it 's not thermal throttling . 
  gpu clockspeed does n't go down , and it always runs at 75c ( throttles at 85c . 
  yes , i agree . 
  making a proprietary standard and locking non-nvidia users out is much better than helping the community as a whole and improving existing standards . 
  better for everyone . 
  no vendor lock-in , good tech for all , everyone 's happy . 
  you can make money without being scummy . 
  restricting their competitor from using the tech . 
  do n't ya think it 'd be better if they both used and developed the same standard ? 
  never tried gsync , but i still think what i said earlier . 
  developing existing standards is better for the community than making their own and restricting competitors from using it . 
  but how can i use amdgpu-pro without steam crashing hourly, 
  well i ran the game at 4k with an r9 nano . 
  not maxed though , but some settings on ultra . 
  voltage and clockspeed drops at idle . 
  was n't adaptive-sync in embedded displayport way before nvidia even though of gsync ? 
  idk man , i 'm just saying that the gaming community as a whole would be happier if nvidia and amd would use the same tech for once . 
  the point of competition is to make better tech and drive prices down . 
  i do n't see gsync monitors going any cheaper , and i do n't see freesync improving . 
  yes , steam , and therefore any steam game crashes after a random time , sometimes 30 mins , sometimes hours . 
  yeah , temporarily with a console command . 
  iirc it 's ` drawhud = false `, 
  i do n't like playing it that much . 
  been having fun with sharpshooter though , now that i found good perks that suit my playstyle . 
  i got a ducky shine 3 as well , keycaps looking fine after 2 years . 
  just need to clean the damn thing ... ^ ^ ^ ^ some ^ ^ ^ ^ day, 
  a guy i know is going to buy one, 
  windows only ? 
  well keyboard + mouse is one advantage , as are mods . 
  ca n't think of anything else besides those . 
  i dunno , never had a chance to use them : <, 
  i gifted the game to my brother , i think he got them ... 
  edit : checked his steam inventory , definetely has them . 
  yes , consoles are pcs . 
  but they 're more restricted , and stripped of all legacy features normal pcs have . 
  so close . 
  random freezes , or framerate lag ? 
  i 've had freezes sometimes . 
  framerate drops have n't bothered me , but the random freezes drive me crazy . 
  sorry , do n't know a fix : /, 
  logitech drivers have been shit too but everyone here praises the g502 as the best thing ever . 
  because that 's what nvidia always does ? 
  waits for amd to release their card , then releases their own . 
  inb4 same situation as with 480, 
  stop hyping . 
  fury . 
  fury should easily play bf4 on ultra at 1440p . 
  i played for a while , got 100-150 fps on ultra ( no msaa ),
