  from 45 to 55 fps at 1440p ultra ( no msaa ), 
  i think one of the quadcore athlons , if you really want a cpu now . 
  wait for zen tho . 
  bit worried about the integrated bios ... 
  this might end badly , enthusiast will avoid zen if overdrive sucks . 
  that motherboard is made for 95w chips . 
  get a 970 chipset board . 
  the damn thing is 400 $ in finland . 
  would be perfect for my friend who 's looking for a 144hz monitor . 
  nah man if you 're going 27 '' it 's got ta be 1440p or more . 
  rip pixel density, 
  of course it 's overpriced if i were to buy it in finland ... 350 $, 
  i have good eyes , have to have at least 1440p at 27 '' to not see pixelation ... 
  inconvenient though . 
  yes i know modern pcs boot in like 1-5 seconds but i personally hate rebooting . 
  you do n't even need to know command line . 
  you do n't have good eyes ? 
  well that explains how you can use such low density screen . 
  oh god i played with some lv20 + firebug who did that ... 
  i bet most of their r&d money goes into figuring out ways how to nerf firebug more . 
  if you mean gpu driver install , no . 
  you can do that from the gui on ubuntu . 
  i really do n't care about it , as i only play it on pc . 
  have fun though . 
  i 'm not actually sure , never tried radv on ubuntu , but installing third party repositories and their packages can be done from the gui . 
  yeah there 's a timeout , it boots the default os when it 's over . 
  you can also configure which is default , or set it to boot what was manually selected the last time . 
  when it releases , probably . 
  nahh , phenom has better singlecore performance than any fx . 
  wait for zen . 
  for just 1080p , rx 480 . 
  for 1440p or uhd , fury x. 
  you do have installers on linux too , which can be installed graphically . 
  on ubuntu/debian their extension is . deb , one application that ships in that format is chrome . 
  i wish they did n't cost so much where i live . 
  trying to find a 24 '' 1080p 144hz freesync monitor for a friend , but all decent ones are 400 $ ... 
  i got an mg279q myself tho , it 's nice . 
  people hate having choices , yes . 
  do they ship to finland ? 
  i read on / r/monitors that it fails to run at 144hz properly . 
  i do n't have another gpu for that . 
  they 're still kinda meh . 
  4-core zen will be a good replacement . 
  or a banana between 2 watermelons, 
  it 's not that big of a bump imo, 
  asus mg279q here, 
  someone set his picture to donald trump on uplay , people mass reported it , he was banned from uploading his own pictures . 
  you do n't ? 
  my panel has no dead or stuck pixels , only very slight backlight bleed . 
  and it 's not that noticeable , only when most of the screen is dark . 
  worth the price definetely . 
  if you get one , install the modded driver for 60-144hz freesync range btw . 
  it does n't show any kind of power usage on my card . 
  i built cm14 .1 for my lg g2 , every app starts crashing when i connect to wifi . 
  what the fuck . 
  yes , nano package from opengapps for 7.1, 
  i wiped every partition except internal storage . 
  ca n't get much cleaner . 
  that 's paste . 
  fury , unless you want insane texture resolutions . 
  never tried gsync , but freesync has been very nice so far . 
  go for it if you can afford it . 
  all gcn 1.1 and later cards support freesync, 
  i just did that . 
  still happens . 
  also if i connect to wifi after the initial setup , the phone goes to a reboot loop . 
  you should rather go for an r9 290 ( x ) if you can find one for similar price . 
  a bit . 
  ye should run on ultra, 
  i got dt770 pro as well , is it worth getting the schiit stack ? 
  your main monitor looks similar to mine . 
  asus mg279q ? 
  still better than mine . 
  quite a lot of people still install their os in legacy mode . 
  mostly because motherboards turn it on by default . 
  rip, 
  well mine 's 60-144hz and lfc works fine . 
  cheap fury, 
  i do n't send many sms messages , so i just use whatever 's default . 
  well ... might work if they know what the hell they 're doing, 
  my biggest gripe is the low level firebug that rages all the scrakes ... 
  out of the box yes . 
  but you can install a custom driver that changes it to 60-144 . 
  it still says `` freesync disabled '' , but it works fine up to 144hz . 
  i had a passively cooled model , got pretty toasty . 
  not in my experience . 
  edge saves bookmarks to google account ? 
  `` yet '', 
  it most likely is n't coming for android at all . 
  yeah i know . 
  tried witcher 3 , 45-60 fps , it just doubles refreshrate when it drops below 60 . 
  i do that too : i, 
  lot of the time i ca n't even see the page logos on the tabs . 
  nah , chrome is chromium 's proprietary version . 
  fresh install, 
  play a game that runs below 57fps , open the menu in your monitor and see if it 's running at double the refreshrate . 
  meh , i 'm still gon na use chrome because it works on every os . 
  no need to worry about 2 browsers . 
  post-launch . 
  os x works fine natively though .
