  you need to set up port forwarding from your modem , that 's done from it 's settings page , which is usually 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.0.1 in your browser . 
  i do n't think there 's anything you can do then : i, 
  at most you can probably play in lan . 
  well i 've almost always gone for rllrl : i, 
  worked quite well imo, 
  lol heaven says my nano is running at 2000mhz, 
  i wish ... 
  same in finnish , it gets translated to `` nyk\u00e4ys '' lmao, 
  you can , but it 's difficult and takes a long time . 
  best single-gpu card amd has right now is fury x. 
  what about framerate ? 
  did it go down at all ? 
  rx 480 uses about 125w , same as it 's competitor . 
  i just ca n't find a reason why i should run windows on anything else than a gaming/productivity pc . 
  looking at benchmarks it uses 100-150w depending on card , game , and other things . 
  on windows it can probably do better with undervolting . 
  i own the game , i 'll try it when i can be arsed to reboot to arch . 
  lol did n't know that, 
  i tried 1440p60 recording on my nano , could n't keep up and it was stuttery as hell ... 
  1080p60 is very smooth though . 
  sli and crossfire are n't supported i think : /, 
  i really wan na upgrade to dual rx 480 but it 's a bad idea because the only game i play does n't support it ... 
  on windows they 're neck and neck . 
  on linux , yeah the rx 480 is behind . 
  well i doubt they really care , as multi-gpu users are a minority ... 
  does n't the game run fine at 1440p with a single 980 ? 
  i get 100-150 fps with an amd r9 nano , although i have dropped some settings . 
  doubt it 's your cpu , phenom ii is still great . 
  brother tried it on 270x , said it worked well . 
  because amd has n't released a competitor yet . 
  tons of ram and storage ... 
  besides , that psu is fine . 
  well caselabs charges $ 730 for one of their cases ... 
  it 's laggy on pc as well . 
  recording at 1440p60 is stuttery for me : /, 
  it 's off by default ... 
  i tried with 2 games , killing floor 2 and automation . 
  freesync working fine in both with borderless window mode . 
  why downvote ? 
  it 's a working solution , uploading in 4k , even if it 's upscaled from 1080p gives you better quality compression in youtube . 
  i 've never done it : i, 
  handbrake does n't work , does n't let me raise resolution over the source res, 
  and you played a much more demanding game too wtf, 
  i used lower bitrate though . 
  i 'm gay, 
  in 3 years i got only one virus , that was because malwarebytes database was out of date . 
  only thing that saved me was that the virus crashed because my laptop was so slow . 
  i wish americans just adopted celsius and the metric system . 
  why not ? 
  amd drivers are great . 
  that 's quite cool but i 'll probably never use this if it comes on my phone : s, 
  friend of mine recently bought a used gtx 780 . 
  it barely worked with nouveau drivers , and games were laggy even after he installed proper nvidia drivers . 
  went back to his hd 7870 and everything 's fine . 
  it 's better to include the driver in the kernel imo . 
  much easier for the end user . 
  and btw they used to make their own drivers like nvidia , they were always outdated and shitty . 
  i 've heard they 're terrible for custom rom makers , like cyanogenmod . 
  fuck you dave , i want better drivers on linux, 
  i doubt overclocking hbm does anything , as there 's plenty of bandwidth already . 
  how can i get these patches on arch linux ? 
  what . 
  i never had issues at 4k or 1440p144hz, 
  killing floor 2 , most settings on ultra but demanding settings off or lowered . 
  pc is so laggy , mac masterrace xddddddddd, 
  the game has some issues too . 
  stutters and crashes on both amd and nvidia cards . 
  latest one that works on arch linux is 16.30 . 
  it also has a bug that makes steam crash some time after launch . 
  ( had this in 16.40 as well , when i had ubuntu ), 
  how exactly ? 
  right . 
  still makes no sense to me . 
  i do enjoy playing and leveling , but the 20-25 levels are the longest ... 
  i just get frustrated . 
  it works on all gcn cards ... my brother tried it on his 270x and worked fine . 
  i think doom is just incompatible , some games are . 
  try in opengl mode too tho . 
  no that would be razer, 
  pentium 4 was fucking shit though, 
  idk man , editing is easier than making a reply to your own comment . 
  they could run in wine , unless they use dx10 or newer . 
  wtf is wsus, 
  not as bad as the samsung u28d590d . 
  almost 40ms . 
  iirc some kid in finland pirated a music album , and her laptop got taken away by the police because of it . 
  50-100 is still fine because lfc works . 
  is there something wrong with being gay ? 
  i literally only turn off my pc if i 'm leaving for more than one day . 
  my g900 light only shuts off if it 's in wireless mode and not being used . 
  iirc most people here are teens according to a poll . 
  i 'm gay, 
  amd professional cards are way less expensive than nvidia 's . 
  they raise the price 2-3x over consumer counterpart , nvidia raises it like 5x . 
  50mb/s hevc looks better than 150mb/s avc though . 
  when the radeon hd 4870 came out , xfx decided to make ati cards as well . 
  nvidia got salty , decided that xfx wo n't be allowed to make nvidia cards anymore . 
  i was n't the original buyer or user , i just got it in a salvaged pc and decided to save it :d, 
  mine has more hair and it 's only 3 years old, 
  nothing wrong with modern wireless mice .
