  how bad is crossfire ? 
  i want to buy a second r9 nano but i 'm not sure yet : /, 
  in finland they do . 
  no idea : /, 
  my usb headset worked out of the box . 
  depends if the application can take advantage of dem 2gb/s read speeds . 
  i think steam is limited to 45mb/s or so , never seen faster than that . 
  friend has gigabit , his only downloaded at 45mb/s . 
  edit : was wrong , maybe it was his region 's steam server 's limitation . 
  gifts can strengthen your love on someone . 
  richard who ? 
  stallman ? 
  i do n't watch tv so i would n't know lol, 
  they do , they just have a hair camouflage . 
  my cpu has a locked multiplier :(, 
  i 'm allergic to cats , and only corsair stuff i have is ram :(, 
  what 's wrong with android ? 
  imo 4k at medium-high 60fps looks better than 1080/1440p ultra 60 fps, 
  or run linux and never have to defrag, 
  last time i tried it , loading screens were horribly long , and it would only run at 30 fps regardless of drivers . 
  on linux , it 's like every worker already knows how to arrange them neatly so you do n't have to invite they guy to organize them all . 
  dx12 and vulkan wo n't be restricted to 4 gpus i think . 
  how do you have such a long uptime on windows 10 ? 
  every time i hit 10 days , updates force me to reboot . 
  just the amount of pixels and the fact that you do n't need aa is enough to make it better . 
  muh 40c load temps, 
  wonder what vega is going to be named . 
  fury 2 ? 
  their motherboards are alright . 
  you do n't need any aa . 
  msaa does n't improve the quality enough to justify the performance drop ( my fps halves in gta v when i use 2x msaa ), 
  i never participate in giveaways : /, 
  i have so many games already i 'd feel bad for taking more games for free . 
  i have given away games myself though , but never here as i ca n't think of good ways to hide the keys from bots lol, 
  it also depends on what distance you watch the screen from ... 
  mine is a 28 '' 4k monitor , about 160 ppi . 
  no real need for aa , although fxaa and smaa look fine at this res . 
  you can always use dsr/vsr :p, 
  fxaa has zero performance impact from my experience , and it looks alright at 4k imo, 
  i use smaa if the game has it though . 
  yeah , for me it 's games . 
  i do prefer using linux , i find it easier and more customizable :p, 
  i can run ac maxed too . 
  looks so damn good . 
  how hot is it there ? 
  visiting there this summer with my mom and brother . 
  mine has nothing unique really :(, 
  linux filesystems are made in such a way that they never have to be defragged , 
  i can set up pci passthru , i just do n't have a good enough gpu to take advantage of it . 
  currently i 'm using a hd 5570 for a vm . 
  fun fact : if you run linux , you can use a compiler flag to make the application preferably use 128-bit float , improving performance quite a lot . 
  if he only plays minecraft and minetest , what reason would he/she have to use windows ? 
  i can only think of drivers , but even on amd both games should run fine . 
  not on par with nvidia , or even their now discontinued fglrx driver , but getting better all the time . 
  hopefully we 'll get a proper amdgpu driver june 29th , when polaris launches . 
  gmod at 5 fps ... 
  i guess it 's something . 
  is the motherboard good ? 
  getting one for my second pc . 
  the high framerates make me feel warm and fuzzy . 
  plug the power cable directly to the wall . 
  it 's not hard to use , just different . 
  mine 's just 30 % :(, 
  is this how gpu coolers are made ? 
  these work in sanctum 2 as well btw . 
  catalyst is discontinued . 
  i 'm running amdgpu-pro on arch , steam segfaults randomly and vulkan does n't work :(, 
  tf2 is badly optimized . 
  hopefully we get a source 2 port : /, 
  i put a 120mm fan to my case 's sidepanel , lowered temps by 5c . 
  i 'll probably just run an fx-6300 at stock speed or a mild oc , should be sufficient ? 
  r9 nano is an alright gpu though . 
  exhaust . 
  i 'll use it as a server , so i 'd rather have reliable cooling . 
  it causes massive lag for me when i have chromium on . 
  at first i 'll use my old phenom ii x3 on it . 
  if i did n't have a spare cpu i 'd probably go for intel :p, 
  i did this system-wide in my laptop , which had major bugs with radeon drivers . 
  what cpu do you have ? 
  if it 's decent , you could just get a new gpu . 
  nano is a good card , but a bit on the loud side . 
  especially if you raise the power limit ... 
  it 's a nice move from an amd employee , but i 'd personally never use an fx series cpu on a crappy mobo like that : /, 
  yeah . 
  but still ... could have sent an asrock 970m pro 3 , which is like $ 15 more expensive , and has proper vrms and cooling . 
  msaa is an option in almost every game i play ... 
  oh well , op 's sister is happy . 
  that 's all that matters . 
  smaa ( not a typo ) looks better than msaa though , and has the same performance impact as fxaa . 
  ultrawides are overrated, 
  i 'm like the only one who did n't get any improvement from upgrading to intel . 
  it 's nice . 
  went from fx-8320 to my current one ( see flair ) , no performance improvement . 
  to be fair my fx was overclocked , and i play at 4k . 
  do n't play cs : go , and did n't see any improvement in gta v. 
  my gpu then was an r9 290 , so was gpu bottlenecked at 4k . 
  i paid for most of my little brother 's pc parts ( secondhand from me ), 
  sometimes he gets stuck in cs : go , but does his duties . 
  mine had a cooler that covered the whole pcb . 
  they do , but they 're poorly designed and work better if you fool windows to think it 's a single ht 'd core .
