  was n't hola some vpn that got caught spying ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ la ^ ^ ^ ^ baguette, 
  320kbps mp3 sounds just fine for me , and filesize is significantly smaller . 
  i do n't save music on my devices at all , i just use google play music : /, 
  i just prefer convenience over freedom . 
  good . 
  i have no data caps , so streaming is a massive convenience . 
  my phone only has 16gb of storage , 10 of which is user available , half of which goes to apps and shit , rest to some videos and stuff i 've stored . 
  does n't leave a whole lot of room for music . 
  win10 never touched any of my linux partitions . 
  only dota 2 and talos principle support vulkan atm . 
  doom should get support ** soon **, 
  beta worked fine in wine , but release version does n't run at all because of the fucking drm they chose ... 
  no reason to use 32-bit unless you have a 15 year old pc . 
  64-bit applications take barely more ram , but they 're also able to use more of it . 
   it 's not worth switching to 64 bit, 
  why would you install a 32-bit os on a 64-bit pc in the first place ? 
  with 64-bit you get a small performance boost , better compatibility ( some apps will stop supporting 32-bit , chrome already did ) , and it wo n't massively increase your ram usage . 
  possibly better security too . 
  java - xmx2g - jar minecraft_server . jar, 
  change 2g to anything you wish . 
  every company does planned obsolescene tbh ... 
  sli is only used by games . 
  opencl/cuda software does n't need it , they have their own way of accessing compute devices . 
  mine can only do 67 at native resolution : /, 
  85hz at 1440p though . 
  you can use cvt reduced , you might get better results with that . 
  i think the max hz dp can handle is 67 at 4k . 
  yes , it 's in the control panel . 
  can i use a vpn server that 's in a neighboring country ? 
  `` really old '', 
  quite a recent quadcore and a 270x are n't `` really old '', 
  yup . 
  `` he 's taking our money , eliminate him ! '', 
  i swear , greed is the worst thing about us humans ... 
  imo crossfire rx 480 is a compelling option ... 
  almost all aaa titles support cf , and the scaling is very good . 
  amd is improving their drivers constantly as well . 
  the nano is alright . 
  tf3 vr, 
  i did n't drop anything . 
  it works , and do n't care about looks of something i look at 5 seconds at a time once a week . 
  it 's a fun game when it works . 
  btw , the buzzsaw is op . 
  i have a ud590d , i wish i waited for the freesync model :(, 
  bragging rights . 
  as long as you have a decent mobo and psu , no damage should happen . 
  it 's closed source , how can you know what they 've hidden ? 
  i like gnome ... : <, 
   learn to use a screen recording program, 
  he just showed in the video that obs crashes ... 
  a [ gtx 750ti ] ( http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/geforce-gtx-750-ti-review,3750-20.html ) can pull 140w from the pcie slot . 
  iirc the gtx 460 was a really good card . 
  what, 
  i ca n't just make a script and run it as i wish ? 
  ai n't no package that can resist `` pacman - rdd '', 
  more ram can never hurt . 
  except your wallet lol, 
  next upgrade is a 1440p144hz or 4k60hz monitor . 
  are you sure that the os actually obeys it ? 
  it 's alright . 
  i went for 4k myself . 
  except i 've never had gnome crash on me . 
  plasma 5 has crashed and glitched multiple times though . 
  beyerdynamic dt 770 pro 80ohm + blue snowball, 
  might get an amp/dac whatever at some point, 
  you can run any modern game at 1440p with that ... 
  i actually wear socks with sandals . 
  jimms.fi has 8gb xfx models for 279 $ , and free shipping . 
  at 240p maybe . 
  ddu has fixed a lot of weird issues for me , will recommend . 
  overclock your 8320 if you have n't already . 
  anisotropic filtering should always be maxed . 
  minimal impact ( if any ) on performance , and will make the game look a lot better . 
  what cooler do you have now ? 
  if you 're not going to overclock , i 'd recommend getting a midrange aircooler instead , like a noctua single tower ( forgot model name ), 
  why would you need a piece of wood under it ? 
  mine 's just on the floor . 
  i 'd use it if there was spotify or gpm integration . 
  are there any good and affordable pc speakers ? 
  cheaper to get a new mobo . 
  yeah should work . 
  you can just extract the setup files to the drive and the uefi should be able to boot from it . 
  there 's not much benefit in getting faster ram . 
  some games do benefit from faster ram even if you do n't use an apu . 
  of course , make sure the ram fits your motherboard ... 
  i doubt your parents need anything faster than a pentium ... 
  nvidia and amd gpus have a similar thing , so kinda useless . 
  is far cry primal good ? 
  been playing fc4 coop with a friend and it 's really fun . 
  still not as loud as a reference 290, 
  rather not get them wet at all . 
  it 's that on gpus too . 
  i paid for win 8.1 pro : /, 
  the celeron is a normal x86_64 cpu , should run any distro . 
  uhm ... reference designs used to be cheaper i think . 
  most people bought reference amd cards to watercool them . 
  why would you wan na run linux on one nowadays ? 
  most modern 8-thread cpus ( even amd fx ) beat the hell out of it in performance , and support way more ram . 
  or a titan x,
