  i have a xeon e3-1231v3 and an r9 nano . 
  waiting for powercolor 's custom models of amd 's upcoming flagship gpu so i can say i 'm a satanist vegan . 
  they use an older version of source , which is shitty . 
  not native opengl , it translates dx calls to ogl . 
  noob, 
  with `` low-end hardware '' , i think you meant `` old as fuck hardware '' ? 
  might wan na correct that . 
  should . 
  you 'll need to let it download linux binaries though . 
  most of the game data is shared amongst different os versions . 
  kingston v300 's are garbage tho, 
  because kingston did a [ dick move ] ( http://www.anandtech.com/show/7763/an-update-to-kingston-ssdnow-v300-a-switch-to-slower-micron-nand ), 
  should cost only around $ 100 . 
  \\  implying linux users have sex, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ cries ^ ^ ^ ^ alone, 
  i 'm using it against my will : <, 
  help i 'm being raped by shuttleworth and raja koduri, 
  i got just 4500 points with my r9 nano : /, 
  could be . 
  it 's still a shitty move from them . 
  i really want new speakers , what can i get with 100-200 $ ? 
  i love fixing computers . 
  the feeling of accomplishment and learning something new is awesome . 
  but i fucking hate idiots and ungrateful fucks . 
  yay i 'm in top 500 of the team :p, 
  name is solakkasilakka . 
  i got mine from gamestop, 
  would you like to install windows 10 , sir ? 
  i 've been doing light tasks anyway for the last week or so , so might as well try to do something good for mankind . 
  f@h has been running 24/7 on my pc . 
  does it apply to reference cards too ? 
  i have an xfx r9 nano and there 's a warranty sticker on one screw : /, 
  should i repaste my card ? 
  runs kinda toasty , 75c at 47-51 % fan speed . 
  i do n't understand jack shit but cool . 
  more efficient algorithms are always noice . 
  radeon settings has a max temp target of 85c . 
  pc gaming is doomed . 
   even with opengl, 
  um , what do you mean ? 
  i 'd bet that opengl 4.4 / 4.5 is just as good as directx 11 . 
  all because of their drm ... 
  beta worked fine on linux . 
  i do n't use borderless anymore , it forces vsync : /, 
  it does on windows 10 . 
  edit : instead of downvoting , could someone explain why i experience input lag when i play any game in borderless windowed mode ? 
  i had to pay for it . - . 
  edit : nvm thought it was the upgrade, 
  i got goosebumps from nostalgia . 
  shit , time to reinstall nfs mw on my pc . 
  why do people hate on optical drives ? 
  i still have one , and actually using mine at the time of writing . 
  i doubt anyone here can tell the difference between flac and ogg , except in filesize . 
  personally i only use mine for ripping my old ps2 games and installing some old games on cd/dvd . 
  today installed nfs mw out of nostalgia . 
  i ca n't play pokemon go because my lg g2 broke after 2 years of faithful service . 
  i 'm ordering a oneplus 3 next tuesday :p, 
  gon na have to survive with my old nokia turd until then . 
  download the music and upload it to gpm ? 
  those work too i guess . 
  framerate is the same , and there 's nothing i can really check in crimson . 
  in every game i 've tried , exclusive fullscreen is buttery smooth like it 's supposed to be , and borderless has noticeable input lag . 
  x3 710 here , not in use atm , just sitting on my table waiting for the owner to buy a motherboard : /, 
  ubuntu is probably the best noob distro . 
  amdgpu-pro if it 's available . 
  not available for your card yet , i 'm afraid . 
  is your motherboard in a laptop or prebuilt desktop ? 
  if not , the command should n't work . 
  it 's kinda convenient in a way . 
  i mean , you 'll never have to type in your key when you reinstall . 
  at 4k , you 're gon na need a ton of vram . 
  4gb has been fine in my experience , but i 've always had to play on lower settings . 
  just tried it myself on my custom desktop , and does n't work . 
  why do n't people buy android tablets ? 
  way easier to copy music on one , at least . 
  i am aware of that . 
  sorry if i sounded dumb :p, 
  uefi ftw, 
  i ran gta v at 4k with a 290 as well , can confirm it runs that well . 
  40-50 fps on high settings ( no grass ), 
  mine was oc 'd to 1100/1400mhz, 
  i use the stock wing on my kuruma because i think it looks the best :p, 
  i did n't ov mine at all though , and mine had a shitty aircooler . 
  speaking of amd , does anyone else have issues with amdgpu-pro drivers ? 
  my steam keeps crashing on both arch and ubuntu if i use amdgpu-pro , but not with pure open-source amdgpu : /, 
  maybe secondhand . 
  cyanogenmod is nice , i run it on all my phones . 
  you 're trying to boot a 64-bit os in a 32-bit vm . 
  you need to enable amd-v or intel vt-x in bios to get 64-bit vm support ( search for something that says `` virtualization '' or `` vm '' ) . 
  if you ca n't enable that , you need to use a 32-bit iso . 
  mine is an officially supported card too ... ( r9 nano ), 
  * waiting for someone to bash on your de choice *, 
  i doubt i ever had this one , but some similar one . 
  uninstall catalyst and use open-source drivers . 
  fglrx is now deprecated and should n't be used by anyone . 
  it has 6 integer cores , and 6 fpus ( although each fpu is only capable of 128-bit operation ) , how is not a true 6-core ? 
  i run multiple screens on open source drivers , and it works just fine . 
  gpu is r9 nano , main monitor is 3840x2160 , secondary is 2560x1440 . 
  ( not meaning to brag , but just tell that everything works fine even on these massive monitors ), 
  i have an r9 nano ... basically a fury x with a tiny cooler .
