  just too lazy to shut down . 
  bind key `` voicemenu 0 7 ; explode '', 
  mine supports 32gb , and i almost have that much . 
  nyet , is slav, 
  * squats *, 
  if arch linux was a car . 
  24gb does come in handy when compiling stuff on linux though . 
  graphics cards do have their own bios . 
  we need amd to put a fire under intel 's ass . 
  not listed here , but i 've been enjoying car mechanic simulator 2015 . 
  not perfect , and missing a lot of stuff ( like multiplayer ) , but fun as heck . 
  i am aware . 
  i like both of em , 
  i have it . 
  fun too :p, 
  your cats are telling you go buy a wireless headset . 
  i do n't think there is a good , wireless keyboard . 
  logitech g602 is a really good wireless mouse though . 
  i installed it on a school pc because i wanted to play kpatience . 
  kde is alright . 
  plasma 5 is just a bit buggy : <, 
  mine coughs flames even when it 's in perfect condition . 
  is there something wrong with it ? 
  getting old , i guess . 
  gnome 2 is unsupported too iirc, 
  when it 's quiet , i take my msi r9 290 and run furmark on it . 
  i 'm sure that my tf is loud enough . 
  i would enjoy if i got proper linux drivers for my nano :(, 
  well you 're running a different distro too . 
  i 'm gon na bet $ 100 that all you play is csgo/dota 2 , which work perfectly on linux . 
  female friend of mine plays hots on debian , so i suppose it works . 
  my 290 idled at 50c too when i had 2 monitors connected . 
  the memory clocks do n't go to idle speeds for some reason : /, 
  i got one for free . 
  gave it to a guy who only had a gt 210 or something . 
  as a windows 10 user :, 
  do n't upgrade , unless you really really care about dx12 . 
  i do n't know how to install it on windows . 
  what . 
  people who have friends , who ca n't be arsed to learn how to use a new voip client . 
  in other words , me . 
  gave my 270x to my brother when i upgraded to a 290 . 
  supposed to send the 290 to a friend , but could n't be arsed to ship yet :p, 
  enthusiast market is much smaller than mainstream , which is what apus are targeting . 
  with apus , frequency matters more than latency . 
  well , there are no chips with an igp that supports quad-channel . 
  i 'm getting 20-40 down , 10 up . 
  supposed to get 150/50 . 
  yet . 
  same . 
  do n't need windows to use vulkan . 
  but that 's a potato aio, 
  g602 masterrace, 
  but you ca n't eat moderators if you 're hungry . 
  it 's fine for an r9 290, 
  well i 've heard only bad stories about aios , so never went for one myself . 
  besides , my current cpu does n't even need it . 
  imho only aircooling and custom loops are worth it , 
  i 'm planning to get one of those alphacool coolanswer packages for my second pc though . 
  they seem easy to assemble . 
  requires dx12 , so win10-only . 
  ducky makes mice too ? 
  can you follow instructions ? 
  then you can install arch linux . 
  start [ here ] ( https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/beginners%27_guide ), 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://appdb.winehq.org/objectmanager.php?sclass=application&amp;iid=17151 ), 
  vega could be called `` fury 2 '' or something . 
  my r9 nano does that sometimes if i set power limit to 50 %, 
  usually it 's fine after a hard reset . 
  do not buy that motherboard . 
  only 3 +1 phase vrm , with no cooling . 
  you 're going to have either throttling , or the vrms are gon na let the magic smoke out . 
  if you absolutely want matx , go with asrock 970m pro3 . 
  should handle an 8-core chip , but i would n't recommend overclocking . 
  all the good boards are atx . 
  ubuntu is most people 's first distro , might as well start with that . 
  if he can port openjdk to run on it , yes . 
  anything can run linux . 
  g602 would like a word with you . 
  had one for 5 months , awesome mouse . 
   tf2 works as well as it can with my weak cpu , but more importantly the crashing issue is not present with this driver . 
  thank god . 
  my most played game . 
  well . 
  i 've never had a logitech product fail from normal usage , so ... 
  people have had issues with amd drivers too , but i have n't had any ... ymmv, 
  buy whatever works i guess . 
  logitech mice have always worked for me . 
  where did kraz-o-wisp go ? 
  have n't seen him in a long time . 
  it 's a terascale card , so i 'm afraid you wo n't get amdgpu support . 
  choices :, 
  * downgrade os, 
  * use intel igp, 
  * buy a new laptop, 
  well , on arch you can use the proprietary drivers on linux 4.5 kernel iirc . 
  not sure about other distros . 
  i 'm just waiting for zen apus . 
  current laptop has a llano apu and it sucks imo .
