  the only amd card that even comes close to a 1070 , is somehow one of the worst cards ever . 
  alright . 
  i 'm gay, 
  * tomorrow on wccftech : * amd users are gay, 
  your guest pc is better than your main pc ? 
  no , it costs way too much . 
  freesync however ... 
  * in 1990 's *, 
  wait for ryzen, 
  glad i went for ryzen . 
  i like soft pads , what 's wrong with them ? 
  f i n e w i n e, 
  in my experience , vsync with freesync does n't increase input lag by much . 
  only when fps is at monitor refresh i can feel some additional input lag . 
  i keep it off in any fps where i want to play seriously . 
   freesync stops working randomly, 
  this happens to me sometimes , but a lot less now . 
  reboot always fixes it though . 
  usually enabling vsync fixes borderless fullscreen issues for me . 
  not all of them are like that . 
  tuning plan ? 
  there 's been discussions about it but nothing confirmed yet . 
  pls gib vega, 
  well , i have an r9 nano , and it 's enough for 1440p 144hz in my experience . 
  glitched sensor . 
  unplug case fans temporarily ? 
  can confirm . 
  fxaa was usually fine when i had a u28d590d . 
  bigger = better, 
  it makes music sound like ass, 
  but do you need max settings ? 
  oh yeah , my brother has an r9 270x , which is a bit faster than your card . 
  it runs killing floor 2 and gta v at around 60 fps on high settings . 
  oh yeah , overwatch too . 
  40-60 fps , ca n't remember his settings though . 
  in my experience the 4gb hbm has never been a limitation . 
  only issue i 've had is not being able to enable nightmare settings in doom . 
  i want the m99 back . 
  would be a great sidegrade if they made it have a bit more damage but no autoaim . 
  i 'd love to have crossover weapons if they 're well balanced . 
  i 'd love to have a game like that as coop : /, 
  me and my friend are constantly looking for more coop games to play . 
  yes , but some games hate it . 
  in some it works perfectly , in some it requires enabling vsync and/or alt-tabbing once , in some simply fails to chooch . 
  in games that i 've tested , kf2 and bl2 need vsync , else stutters, 
  have n't tested other games much . 
  even iron will burn in certain conditions . 
  shame there 's no mitx am4 mobos yet . 
  yup, 
  my 1700 is at same clocks , but at 1.35 v. . . ; - ;, 
  only around 80w according to hwinfo though . 
  yes you do . 
  if you go to the task manager , how many logical cores does it show ? 
  if it shows 6 , try to reset your bios settings . 
  i 've upgraded both , but in my opinion a good fs monitor is more important . 
  i got beyerdynamic dt770 pro with smsl m3 , works great . 
  it 's out of stock everywhere , might as well not exist . 
  that 's matx, 
  yes, 
  here 's an easy fix :, 
  go to ` c : \\ users \\ username \\ documents \\ my games \\ killingfloor2 \\ kfgame \\ config ` , change everything to read-only . 
  csgo runs well in my experience , have n't tried rl or dota . 
  what are you trying to compile, 
  it 's very robust when tethering your phone makes the whole os freeze . 
  i 'm not joking , this happens to me every time . 
  you 're the first person i 've seen to actually like that feature . 
  is this a recent update ? 
  i tried a week ago and could n't get a smooth 60 fps . 
  i can fix it temporarily by installing the rndis driver from windows vista , but i need to do it every time i want to tether . 
  neat , got ta try . 
  now if i could play the game online it 'd be great . 
  i have the same headphones , they 're great . 
  i use mine with an smsl m3 ( fiio was not available ), 
  yes . 
  it gets fixed if i install the rndis driver from windows vista . 
  i have to do it every time i want to tether . 
  i think you can guess why my laptop runs linux ? 
  it wo n't run if it has only intel hd . 
  if it has a dedicated amd or nv gpu , it should run . 
  bootcamp is running windows natively , literally dualbooting . 
  i recommend getting a freesync monitor , i game on one and i only notice fps drops from looking at the fps counter lol, 
  um ... is it supposed to be a 54gb update ? 
  i used one as my main gpu 3 years ago . 
  it was n't that bad , ran tf2 at 60 fps , which was the only game i played back then . 
  my friend has a wireless naga and it 's trash . 
  the sensor stops tracking sometimes and it flips out for no reason . 
  also it picks up interference from his logitech wireless headset . 
  not if it 's csgo, 
  mg278q ? 
   server duty, 
  you do n't need a monitor for a server pc . 
  gaming performance , brand loyalty , hobby . 
  my only question is why ? 
  i almost always give all of my old parts to my brother , ca n't be bothered to sell lol, 
  he 's running xeon e3 , 24gb ddr3 , r9 270x , 120gb ssd ( this was a random gift tho ) , 1tb wd green, 
  you have to time it well , and you only need a quick tap . 
  if you hold it longer than necessary , it 'll bash . 
  go to ` c : \\ users \\ username \\ documents \\ my games \\ killingfloor2 \\ kfgame \\ cache ` , check the cache.ini for anything that might cause it , delete the correct cache file . 
  if you ca n't find it , just delete that whole folder , it 'll download custom maps and other mods again as you join servers . 
  stock cooler,
