  could n't he just cut off internet ? 
  press enter twice or put 2 spaces after each line to get better formatting . 
  igpus ca n't run kf2 at all , unless it 's in an amd apu . 
  intel igps are still really bad . 
  only amd raven ridge will have even slightest chance of running the game on ultra 1080p , as the desktop model will be faster than ps4 apu . 
  everyone should take note of what the kurwas do . 
  no immigrants . 
  please explain how in the love of fuck would it make internet better . 
  i 'll bet that majority of people here are americans . 
  i ca n't read . 
  if you can stretch your budget , get an mg279q . 
  i 've had one since last october and it 's just amazing . 
  57-144hz range ( modded ) , ips , even has decent speakers for something that 's integrated . 
  i have a g900 , which has the same internals as g403 wireless . 
  can confirm it 's a great mouse . 
  glad i did n't buy one of those listed laptops . 
  full homo, 
  good integrated graphics . 
  guess i need to wait for raven ridge . 
  there are unlocked cpus for enthusiasts . 
  basically competing with hedt i7s like 6950x . 
  it was a freebie tho, 
  it 's like 9 years old and showing no signs of failure . 
  also it has no critical data on it . 
  mwheeldown + duck, 
  combine with logitech g502/g900 for ultimate teabagging, 
  fantastic at making underpants brown, 
  is it ? 
  last source game i played was tf2 , maybe it changed tho, 
  it is available but they 're too dumb to code, 
  mine did 64hz at 4k but 85hz at 1440p . 
  skipped frames tho , bleh . 
  everything is ultimate except the mouse , nice, 
  people who play xbox games, 
  because overclock, 
  why we need hbm, 
  best ? 
  steelseries siberia 800 . 
  best bang for buck , hyperx cloud . 
  but really , get proper headphones . 
  oh my god , i remember my brother 's computer when he only had a 5.4 k hdd ... 
  it was unbearable . 
  i had to buy him an ssd . 
  adata sp550 btw , it 's great . 
  i have an mg279q , and it had the same exact issue . 
  but oddly enough , it went away on it 's own in about a month of use . 
  if i were you , i 'd use it for a month and see if it goes away . 
  if he has an amd gpu , it will reduce the idle load considerably . 
  i had an r9 290 , with both monitors hooked into it , it would run at 50c idle . 
  with one monitor on a second gpu , it 'd idle at 30c . 
  i think the reason is that vram clocks are forced to their max clock when you have 2 or more monitors attached . 
  your idle temps will drop if you have only one monitor on your gpu . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's just my phone , but that 's some real ugly color banding . 
  great work tho . 
  i made a coffee cup as my first job . 
  it made no difference to me . 
  there is a better one . 
  idk , they 're the best wireless gaming headset money can buy . 
  i myself prefer headphones , but headsets have their place . 
  mine was worse . 
  there was a ton of hair from my beard lmao, 
  easy 30 if on ryzen . 
  i ca n't even check because it 's not available in my country . 
  installed on my lg g2 , does n't work . 
  i assume it 's only for samsung devices ? 
  just get an ssd for your os dude . 
  odd . 
  if you need a mic , i suggest you just get the hyperx clouds . 
  free in computer terms usually means open source . 
  acer towers from c2d era have coolers like this too , but without the dumb baffle thing . 
  yeah he 's sexy, 
  they offer a warranty for damage caused by overclocking lmfao, 
  first gen hbm did n't support that i believe . 
  i know . 
  internet through wall socket, 
  i have n't checked , but i think i have an idea . 
  amplitude modulation perhaps ? 
  i believe vegas only supports opencl properly ? 
  do n't be a clumsy piece of shit . 
  what about kitty litter, 
  tru , i tried to use a membrane a week ago , just could n't . 
  guess my friends have to enjoy my mx blues after all . 
  i too like to wait hours for chromium or libreoffice to compile . 
  i have n't had to touch apt-get in a long time . 
  what exactly does it have that apt does not ? 
  you lose performance , as ( at least on arch ) everything is already compiled with - o2 . 
  my dad is using his ubuntu laptop , laughing . 
  me too thanks, 
  i 'm playing on hoe and i sometimes screw it up . 
  what did he say, 
  install ublock for her ? 
  like founders edition cards, 
  well , admittedly they have better optimized software than windows . 
  i own a g900 , it 's been really good . 
  my g602 also has that thumbrest but i have n't missed it . 
  also the wireless mode is amazing , no perceivable latency . 
  amd chip will most likely be significantly cheaper though , as usual . 
  i recommend an nh-d15 . 
  it 's silent and cools really well . 
  strayan dollarydoos tho , this is like 1300 usd,
