  well yeah , but a 1tb ssd is still quite a lot of money : /, 
  sandisk ultra ii 960gb is 310 $ , seagate 2tb hybrid is 130 $ . 
  ( my local prices ), 
  bent fins should n't affect cooling much , unless there 's a lot of them . 
  check your temps . 
  i preferred the old kf2 fp sounds : /, 
  i use lrlll . 
  fuck yo speed boost . 
  your damage resistance buff is enough to make sure teammates survive . 
  or if you 're like me , you carry a katana to derage fps . 
  mainly because it 's affordable lol, 
  yeah . 
  i use the katana because i take less damage that way . 
  also good as a backup weapon . 
   2 . enhance memory compatibility, 
  ooooooooooooooo , flashing now and gon na see if 2933mhz posts, 
  nope . 
  2933mhz docp profile does n't post . 
  corsair kit . 
  users should always have a choice . 
  i can get 2666mhz with manual tuning . 
  1.35 v ram , 15-17-17-17-35 timings . 
  prime x370 mobo ? 
  have fun with gaming performance without proper drivers . 
  better than nouveau ... 
  great mouse fam, 
  lol , clas ohlson actually sells razer and logitech mice, 
  we all should . 
  already have a 250gb ssd for the os , i just need a faster drive for gaming . 
  my friend bought a wireless razer naga , first one failed within 4 months , second in 2 months . 
  been talking him into buying a g900 like i have . 
  cucumber floor 2, 
  i think every normal male does that, 
  fuck wired, 
  edit : did n't know there 's a wireless deathadder, 
  tried your settings , no post . 
  what ram ? 
  only 1tb blues are 7.2 k. 
  2tb and up are 5.4 k. 
  cmd peasants have nothing on my bash . 
  and new headphones, 
  i ca n't get mine to run at 3000mhz ... 
  tried that , no luck . 
  got banned from there lole, 
  do n't know about ubuntu support , but arch linux works fine . 
  only thing missing is temperature sensors , so you 're at the mercy of bios . 
  are you bashing indie games ? 
  most are way better than aaa trash of today  :(, 
  small heart attack , check the link , laugh, 
  frtc sets a hard cap , like 60 fps, 
  chill is a dynamic cap , for example 40 fps when you 're idle , 60 when moving . 
  what i 'd love to have is a light rifle that you can carry with the railgun . 
  like a hunting rifle etc. 
  .500 magnum has good damage but shitty sights . 
  cpu-z ? 
  you 're blind then, 
  he has x79 . 
  assuming he has an i7-4960x , which has 40 pcie lanes . 
  8 lanes x 4 = 32 lanes for gpus . 
  8 left over for an nvme drive or 2 . 
  and this is why i will forever stick with aircooling . 
  there is no r8, 
  r3 , r5 , r7 , r9 , then changed to rx for 400 series, 
  heard it has the same internals as g900 , and i have one . 
  logitech knows their shit about wireless . 
  asus mg279q , 1440p144hz , ips , freesync, 
  it 's great . 
  hey , at least no jaggies . 
  it does have a weird freesync range though , 35-90 . 
  you can change it with custom drivers , to 35-110 or 57-144 , but it 's kinda annoying to do . 
  holding it will still turn it off . 
  you can also rewire them in such a way that you need to press both power and reset . 
  depends on the price . 
  if it 's like 4 cents , i just recycle . 
  my old asus mobo had official software to do that : i, 
  as a finn , i do n't get this `` night and day '' thing . 
  they look the same anyway . 
  ryzen is insanely efficient at lower clocks though . 
  only if you use virtualbox , vmware , or similar virtualization software . 
  i 'm getting a lot of stutter on vulkan , idk why : /, 
  do ya think it could be because i have an amd ryzen cpu ? 
  smsl m3 mini has been pretty good in my experience . 
  cpu is meh but otherwise nice . 
  you should get wireless peripherals , so you do n't have to look at dis cord . 
  yeah , it sucks that it does n't work very well yet . 
  hoping the soon coming dc merge fixes that . 
  you should try killing floor 2 . 
  does n't that just lock the cpu to the highest p-state ? 
  my cpu is overclocked and it does n't go to idle clocks at all , so i doubt it would do anything . 
  i 'll try anyway soon . 
  have n't tried that yet . 
  killed an old hdd worth like $ 1 in a flea market lmao, 
  i 've been pretty careful otherwise . 
  regular pcie gpu or some proprietary shit ? 
  it 'll work , but quality will be ass and you 'll lose a ton of fps . 
  for recording you might wan na use gpu encoding . 
  people get this wrong . 
  hyperthreading is intel 's name for smt . 
  they were just the first one to do it on x86 . 
  if you 're encoding on cpu , yes .
