  my friend gave me his old 8800gt , i used it for quite some time, 
  it does work but has no effect on powerful rigs , only on laptops with low ram, 
  i have capless internet on both my pc and my phone : /, 
  farmville, 
  windows 8.1 , right ? 
  i had this happen to me once , fixed it by going to safe mode and removing graphics drivers , booting normally and then reinstalling graphics drivers . 
  might not work for you , but try it, 
  i still have a voodoo 2 4mb lying in my closet, 
  i play crysis 3 at 400x240 lel, 
  i was kidding dude ... 
  but i have managed to run a geforce fx 5200 in 320x240 on linux , do n't know if the drivers allow it on windows, 
  you expect moms to know anything about technology ? 
  my mom barely knows what 's a laptop, 
  well yeah , but this is gon na cause even more tension between us and the peasants , because of its exclusivity, 
  the worst part about this is that i have seen worse pings, 
  any nvidia or intel , leave amds for windows users, 
  they work on my old radeon 9550se , so maybe, 
  that 's nothing ... my friend had a 90 second ping once . 
  i have no proof tho . 
  he was talking in an irc server located in sweden ( we live in finland ) , so idk, 
  you can use msi afterburner osd to measure vram usage in real time, 
  my class is almost fully master race , except for one guy who plays on all platforms except pc . 
  i was a peasant back then : c, 
  i study it in helsinki . 
  everyone in here is in the master race , except for the one dude i mentioned, 
  i ca n't remember , and on vacation without a windows pc so ca n't check, 
  you can game on a quadro/firepro , but for the price it 's not worth it , unless you are using it primarily for work at home and do n't want to buy a separate card for gaming, 
  how can a peasant fuck someone 's mom without a big enough penis ? 
  exactly what i was about to say . 
  he 's paid to say these things . 
  damn ... my friend was using a shit mobile broadband dongle thingy , did n't know there were crappier connections, 
  if it ca n't be fixed with duct tape , you 're not using enough duct tape, 
  took apart my friend 's one , found 20kg of cat hair and some pc components, 
  you think 75,5 \u00b0 c is a lot ? 
  my friend lit a match by holding it near his laptop 's exhaust vent, 
  edit : i later checked how much is the ignition temperature of a match , it 's around 180 \u00b0 c : i, 
  i 'm sure duct tape will fix it, 
  console peasants detected, 
  my 2tb one has been fine so far . 
  also i salvaged a 1tb wd green from my friend 's old prebuilt and it 's still alive , currently on the pc i 'm giving to my brother, 
  i got myself an ssd and installed windows 8.1 , now i ca n't take a leak when booting my pc in the morning, 
  usually i just login and let steam game updates download ( which does n't take long either thanks to 100m cable ) and then go empty my bladder, 
  i could n't open the link yesterday because hotel wifi disagreed, 
  what you did there , i see it, 
  i like it too , nothing wrong with it . 
  i also like ubuntu and os x , but my favorite os is arch linux, 
  [ * every amd gpu owner including me * ] ( http://youtu.be/c_vheawzbuq ), 
  find a motherboard for it and make a server, 
  try removing amd drivers completely . 
  first simply uninstall amd catalyst etc from control panel , then use [ driver sweeper ] ( http://www.guru3d.com/content-page/guru3d-driver-sweeper.html ) to remove the remains . 
  after that install latest amd drivers . 
  seriously , do n't cheap out on the psu , cheap ones do nothing but burn your house down . 
  and sorry for caps, 
  i listen to almost anything metal, 
  not bad for a first timer, 
  i 'd rather play on linux , if there were more native games . 
  tried metro : last light and it works fine, 
  i 've been wondering , which is less shitty ? 
  mcafee or norton ? 
  your pc is fine for gaming , but if you want to upgrade , get a new cpu and mobo, 
  blops has a separate mac edition ? 
  how fucking greedy are they ? 
  never clone a drive , always fresh install . 
  i ca n't stand ads , so i donate money instead to content creators who deserve it, 
  in my experience triple-buffered vsync is good , so good that i can actually use it, 
  it should be fine for most games , but on cpu intensive games it 's gon na struggle . 
  i 'd get an i3 or i5 in the future, 
  serious sam 3 is awesome , get it if you see it on sale, 
  i ca n't get any of the softwares even though i study it : c, 
  i ca n't get any of the softwares even though i study it : c, 
  there 's a difference between being funny and being a dick, 
  i wish i woulda bought a psu with more pcie power connectors so i do n't have to get a new psu if i decide to go r9 270x xfire, 
  does n't displayport support it too ? 
  i use a cheapy acer 60hz 1080p monitor , overclocked to 70hz, 
  i do n't care if you asked it or not, 
  you could also just hook up your phone to the monitor , if both support hdmi, 
  liero , a worms/quake mashup made by a finnish student iirc . 
  ( http://www.liero.be ), 
  now fire up furmark, 
  an r9 270x is enough to run most games on 60fps @ 1080p . 
  source : personal experience, 
  my friend 's laptops cpu is usually at 150-180 \u00b0 c. 
  i have no idea how that thing is still alive . 
  it 's a 2012 hewlett-packard, 
  yeah , but you may have problems with gaming performance, 
  go get a hyper 212 evo , they 're cheap but very good . 
  keeps my fx-8320 under 50 \u00b0 c when gaming on silent fan mode, 
  my phone 's hdmi is through the usb port, 
  buy some old computers and start lifting them, 
  i like your name . 
  and mantle driver comes with latest amd catalyst, 
  plants vs zombies , then bf3, 
  mine has elpida , but i have n't tried overclocking it at all, 
  do n't really have one . 
  just need a laptop that can handle 30 + chrome tabs and 1080p video without lagging . 
  thought about a cheap i5 lappy since i do n't need any graphics horsepower on the go, 
  what did it say ? 
  i just kill dxsetup.exe , never had problems, 
  i liked the game , but goty ? 
  nope .
