  500 $ for a 5820k , 250 $ for cheapest mobo , 150 $ for 16gb ddr4, 
  i was looking at verkkokauppa , it 's 470 $ there . 
  oops, 
  happens to be one of the most popular shops tho, 
  fury comes near 1070 performance , it 's amazing value if you get one for $ 260, 
  edit : why downvotes ? 
  that 's why furys shine at 4k, 
  i think amd igps would perform better if they used shared memory similar to ps4 and xbone, 
  i have a nano , i can barely keep it at 1ghz, 
  jokes aside , you actually can . 
  not natively but you can . 
  i did . 
  my dad has been fine with ubuntu for 2.5 years now . 
  i always thought it was boring, 
  i wonder why nv control panel still looks this ugly ? 
  amd settings panel looks way better . 
  so no gigabyte for me then . 
  yeah , i buy from there , but verkkokauppa is trusted more ( my friend has never had issues returning stuff there , but jimms was a pain ), 
  coil whine helps me sleep, 
  lol typos were because i was a bit tipsy . 
  autocorrect is disabled completely . 
  yeah , it has great optimization . 
  i could play it at near 60fps on ultra at 4k with an r9 nano . 
  with opengl i 'd get like 30-35 fps, 
  2x msaa halves your fps and looks identical to fxaa . 
  2x2 and 2x4 ? 
  no , americans swap day and month in dates . 
  americans do everything differently from the rest of the world lol, 
  it happens to me at 2x msaa . 
  halving was a bit exaggerating but it 's still very noticeable . 
  i used to play at 4k , with fxaa i 'd get 60 fps at my settings , and 36 ish with 2x msaa . 
  set the config.cfg as read-only ? 
  but that 's a separate application , and i 've heard it 's kinda bad now . 
  that 's a good question ... 
  i want an answer too . 
  no flicker here , but some des are fps capped to 60 ( plasma 5 , gnome 3 on wayland ), 
  i 'm a noob who likes eyecandy :p, 
  rip, 
  once i was playing on hoe , there were 2 lvl 0 's , they kicked me because i took 5 seconds too long to choose my perk, 
  never had this happen but i can imagine it 's annoying, 
  i ca n't even finish a game of hoe without dying on boss . 
  i feel inferior :(, 
  get a railgun , mp5 , and medic gun , you wo n't be useless . 
  railgun for scrake oneshots , mp5 for trash , med pistol for heals and backup trash killing, 
  people actually play kf2 on pc with a controller ? 
  sometimes i feel like playing with noobs tho , carrying idiots is a bigger challenge than raising difficulty above hoe in some cases . 
  some of the stuff there is actually cool , like full auto crossbow . 
  some is just ... why ? 
  why would you create a video of every simpsons episode played simultaneously ? 
  taxes + import fees raise the cost i think , at least in finland, 
  i dunno , this is one of those games that need precision . 
  even trying to play with the steam controller was unplayable to me : i, 
  me too . 
  at 4k i never needed any aa tho . 
  who would not want extra performance, 
  and it 's not like the extra power usage matters unless you have expensive power, 
  i never got it . 
  i went from 4k to 1440p 144hz . 
  the high res was nice but did n't have enough gpu grunt . 
  i think intel supports high ram speeds only on z and x chipsets . 
  i 'm on h97 , any higher than 1600mhz and pc refuses to post, 
  i 'd love that . 
  i have a non-windowed case , any mobo decorations are useless to me . 
  amd , the savior of poor enthusiasts like me, 
  what the fuck it 's not even a contest, 
  r9 fury is near gtx 1070 performance, 
  it makes him left . 
  half a kilogram, 
  i think the gt 730 still beats my laptop gpu tho, 
  whoa , a copy of suse linux 8.0 ? 
  i actually have one . 
  amd masterrace, 
  mine 's included in my rent, 
  i do n't have a pic right now , and not at home :(, 
  i have an actual dedicated gpu in my laptop , but it 's low end and even bottlenecked by cpu . 
  168 points in cb r15, 
  try showing them shitty prebuilts and convince them they rip you off, 
  gtx 970 is by no means slow , despite the 3.5 gb controversy . 
  highly recommend overclocking your cpu and ram though . 
  why ? 
  i think the drivers are n't optimized yet . 
  amd said in some event the card is running on fiji drivers through a debug layer . 
  better red than dead, 
  still better than my laptop, 
  a8-3520m + hd 6740g2 dgpu, 
  speaking of anti-aliasing when kf2 does n't even implement any good aa, 
  you have a great cooler though . 
  it 's easily on par with 240mm aios . 
  i wish it was still 2004 . 
  within 5-10 % , because vulkan is magic, 
  is there a way to get vsr working with higher refresh rates ? 
  i 'm limited to 60hz if i use vsr . 
  24 lanes is enough for 4-way crossfire + 2 m. 2 ssds, 
  at least technically . 
  well she 's the ceo so i think she knows what gender her company is . 
  well if the chip is defective so that it only works with smt disabled , might just sell it like that . 
  more profits , and it 'll fill some product category anyway . 
  i wonder if noctua sends an upgrade kit for free or if i have to pay : /, 
  if there were games that used opencl compute for physics or similar i 'd get one but eh, 
  shit idk if i have the invoice,
