  if xbox gold was free , how would microsoft make money besides windows sales and halo ? 
  so is my classroom . 
  it can still run games today . 
  not at high graphics , but still run . 
  yeah , but money . 
  i believe holding both windows keys resets factory settings . 
  i live in finland and i get 100mbps . 
  that 's why i installed win8 .1, 
  i keep an installer on a flash drive . 
  it usually takes me 30 minutes to install 100 updates on arch . 
  that reminds me , i should get a raid1 nas to back up ... stuff . 
  xbone is slightly faster doe . 
  the only game i have encountered , that needs anywhere near 2gb vram is wash_hogs . 
  reinstall windows and do n't give them admin rights . 
  you 're clearly more intelligent than them . 
  usually i just install kde and the appropriate translation pack and start using my pc . 
  ( on fresh install ), 
  you can never have enough hats . 
  what phone is that ? 
  i got a celeron d in my server . 
  runs teamspeak 3 server fairly well . 
  nice . 
  i wanted one , but the store was outta stock on all colors : / did n't leave empty handed tho , got an lg g2 and installed cyanogenmod on it . 
  i have n't cleaned mine in 3 months , but it 's still clean . 
  thanks fractal for including filters :3, 
  better processors too , please . 
  do what you did with the athlon xp , concentrate on pure bit-crunching power and nothing else . 
  i do n't care if it uses 200w , i want powaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah !, 
  i have , but i do n't have enough mods ( and i might have broken it ), 
  they took like 30 minutes for me : /, 
  i like to play l4d2 with a controller, 
  people still mix computer and cpu ? 
  last time i checked it 's not year 1990 . 
  ducky shine 3 with white backlight and cherry mx blue switches . 
  edit : should have said that i got this primarily for typing , and moderate gaming . 
  i also have heard that blues are terrible for gaming and i can say that that 's bullshit . 
  i do n't think ncix delivers to northern europe . 
  nice . 
  i have been using this only for a day and already feels glorious :3, 
  did i ever tell you the definition of ... insanity ? 
  i live in finland , and got it from verkkokauppa.com , cost 160 $ + 10 $ delivery ( i 'm lazy lol ), 
  thank you . 
  i prefer a full keyboard . 
  borderlands 2 now works on linux too , brothers . 
  have n't tested yet but atleast seems like it 's not just a wine wrapper . 
  that 's his joke channel . 
  friend of mine held a match near the exhaust of his old laptop and it caught fire within seconds . 
  he has never cleaned the damn thing or changed the thermal paste . 
  it 's still alive for some reason . 
  once we checked the temps with core temp and it was way over 100 \u00b0 c. 
  got mine 2 days ago , already in love with the clicketyclack . 
  glorious opengl shaders . 
  shame i get only 20 fps even without it , because of crappy amd linux drivers . 
  100 megabit uncapped cable = aww yiss, 
  i do n't think my isp even tracks usage . 
  it 's not working in vbox , atleast for me . 
  just crashes whatever i do . 
  i ca n't get it working in virtualbox for some reason : /, 
  my brother still plays on his ps3 more than the rig i built for him , but he atleast has some valid reasons . 
  his steam library is small , his gpu is slow , and his kb + m are crappy . 
  hopefully i can fix atleast the gpu part . 
  i tried it today , works perfectly at 1080p and max settings excluding physx . 
  praise 2k for pushing linux gaming . 
  in my class everyone except 2 retards know how to use a pc . 
  i study ict tho , so it 's kinda expected ... 
  i downloaded it in 5 minutes on my home internet :3, 
  mse + malwarebytes + common sense is all you need . 
  can confirm , i have one . 
  why does everyone want tkl ? 
  asus icontrol dropped my download speed from 11,5 mbps to 1mbps, 
  i found this guy named whybeare , he 's a funny guy and makes gaming vids from driving games , mostly beamng.drive . 
  how much cooler your cpu runs with the new fan ? 
  thought about replacing the stock fans myself too . 
  i need my numpad , and i do n't mind the extra width . 
  i dunno man ... linux can be hard sometimes so get some wine too :d, 
  but forza does n't have mods . 
  sir , keep in mind that assetto corsa is still early access . 
  you can always dual boot or try it in virtualbox . 
  just make sure you get nvidia if you wan na game on linux . 
  i have an amd and there are still a lot of performance issues . 
  i bought my r9 270x for 200 $ , and now another store has an r9 280 for the same price . 
  wireless display would be nice on a smartphone or a tablet rather than hooking up an hdmi adapter . 
  all my monitors have dvi . 
  even my old hyundai . 
  it 's so happy c :, 
  there is a working ps3 emulator , but it 's slow as hell . 
  there is one for ps3 , but it 's slow . 
  i think it was called rpcx3 or something . 
  that 's an option . 
  make sure the usb drive is fast , 5mb/s is pain . 
  what did it say ? 
  i have glorious 100 megabit cable with no data cap . 
  fuck waiting . 
  [ sure ] ( http://rpcs3.net ), 
  that would be more efficient , but what if you want to change the heatsink to a better one ? 
  and i was gon na get a wii u for dem mario games ... 
  thanks op for saving my money . 
  how can anyone be this stupid . _ . 
  you have to get a mechanical keyboard . 
  i got mine a few days ago ( also posted it here ) and it 's the best keyboard i have ever used .
