  i love my blues . 
  your friends on discord will hate you though . 
  i 'm not used to using it . 
  instead i have a mute toggle on scroll lock when i 'm not gon na be talking for long periods . 
  it 's base clock is actually 2000mhz . 
  gddr5 is actually qdr ( quad data rate ) , but nvidia seems to think it 's ddr . 
  same ; - ;, 
  i 'd dedicate a button on my mouse , but all of them are taken : /, 
  peasant with your measly athlon 64 ... 
  i have an athlon 64 x2 !, 
  i got an athlon 64 x2 6000 + :p, 
  why doom in opengl mode ? 
  yeah . 
  i have tried to get used to push-to-talk many times , but every goddamn time i forget about it , and realize i 'm talking to myself again . 
  i 've tried to get used to using ptt , but i always forget i have it and end up talking to myself for 10 minutes . 
  that 's not a very long time, 
  my family is 20 miles away , i live alone . 
  house 's walls are also thicc , so not even my neighbors can hear me . 
  i think semi auto pistols would fit him better . 
  i do n't use a headset . 
  i use that in games so ca n't really use it . 
  what song is it ? 
  i remember hearing it but do n't remember the name . 
  i 've been defending asus because their products have been high quality . 
  now that i got my prime x370-pro , i have to stop . 
  what a piece of shit . 
  asus mobos before am4 have been excellent . 
  slow as fuck bios updates . 
  still ca n't get over 2666mhz ram . 
  some options missing in bios . 
  download [ this ] ( http://www.guru3d.com/files-details/display-driver-uninstaller-download.html ) , and run it in safe mode . 
  it uninstalls your gpu drivers cleanly , then download and install them again from amd or nvidia website . 
  my friend bought a razer naga epic chroma , it started having wireless connectivity issues after 4 months . 
  replaced it , same happened after 2 months . 
  told him to get a g900 like i have , he said `` no , logitech sucks '', 
  does n't sound like it : i, 
  i think it was a punk rock song , not sure . 
  prolly held back by the bios . 
  but hey , i 've heard that some people are locked to 2133mhz , so guess i 'm lucky lol, 
  yes i did . 
  and no , not selling , it 's in my brother 's pc now . 
  he needed an upgrade from his fx-6300 lol, 
  also a shitty ssd, 
  i think this is called occlusion culling ? 
  it 's used in pc games too , to avoid rendering shit you ca n't see . 
  if it 's too aggressive , this happens . 
  and dirt rally, 
  applies to all cpus , but ryzen benefits more from faster ram . 
  intel does n't that much . 
  i ca n't even post if i do that, 
  you should overclock your ram once you get bios updated . 
  3000mhz , 1.35 v. 
  it simply does n't post if i go over 2666mhz . 
  ram kit is corsair cmk16gx4m2b3000c15, 
  you know , my friend ca n't boot ubuntu 16.04 either . 
  he has a broadwell-e cpu . 
  what about corsair ? 
  i have the cmk16gx4m2b3000c15 kit . 
  i 'd google but i dunno what i 'm even looking for : i, 
  they 're at 2666mhz , 15-17-17-35 . 
  i tried setting them to something crazy high like 20 but still ca n't go over 2666mhz : /, 
  i 'm waiting for bios updates before i fuck with it more :p, 
  i want my ram to be able to clock over 2666mhz before i fuck with the cpu . 
  nope , it 's correct . 
  i just wanted a quick overclock that works , so i set it to that . 
  temps are fine though , 40-50c when gaming , 60c in aida64 stress test . 
  i had this too , fixed it by running ddu and reinstalling drivers . 
  there are games that use all cores they can , and a 6900k performs better than a 7700k in those . 
  it 's great . 
  lots of damage , great penetration , fire damage to finish off zeds if they stay alive . 
  yup , but it 's just a sidegrade over pulverizer i think . 
  tbh owning any electronic device is dangerous . 
  tfw i ca n't even use it on windows 10, 
  real men do n't read the manual, 
  i 'm not sure if that 's possible . 
  not with my mobo anyway . 
  i tried bumping clocks to 3.9 ghz at same voltage , crashes in prime95 : /, 
  i 'm glad the next gen will have amd ryzen, 
  move the pc to the floor ? 
  pour baking soda and salt on it , leave for an hour , vacuum it off . 
  should get rid of the smell . 
  at least did for me . 
  edit : leather chair , might not work on cloth, 
  it happens even if you wear pants . 
  sweat carries the smell of shit through them onto the chair . 
  24 '' if 1080p , 27 '' or bigger if 1440p or 4k, 
  yeah , i tried it on my ikea markus and it worked . 
  unsupported language, 
  i do n't like it : /, 
  pressure ftw, 
  but not perform . 
  r9 290 was loud as shit . 
  i have a strict policy about this :, 
  you rage it , you kill it . 
  then there 's my friend who nukes every single zed time . 
  usually right next to me . 
  it might work without the salt too . 
  this was a leather chair tho , might not work for cloth covered chairs . 
  but it 's wired, 
  you should get a g900 .
