  i tried serious sam fusion and 2 unity vulkan demos , all segfault . 
  ssf gave semi detailed logs , i 'll post once i boot back into linux, 
  higher fps = easier to aim, 
  therefore they wanted to give us a challenge . 
  it 's a feature , not a bug :p, 
  the only time i 've had windows install apps on its own was when i updated to anniversary update . 
  but i use win10 pro , does that have an effect ? 
  it 's a feature . 
  i mean , most games with a dx12 renderer do n't perform any better than their dx11 counterpart ... 
  doom , mad max ( has vulkan on linux ) , talos principle ( compared to ogl ) all perform better with vulkan, 
  it does work in wine , with almost no performance difference compared to windows . 
  even on amd , if you have the proprietary vulkan drivers installed . 
  asus uses this cooler for a lot of cards . 
  i 've seen gt 610s with it . 
  i know someone who uploads in 48 fps , and it makes 480p and lower insanely stuttery, 
  and their laptop cpus . 
  also amd has had an lga consumer socket in the past , and uses them in server and upcoming hedt market . 
  2 virtual machines , each having their own gpu, 
  in 10 years it 'll be worth that much, 
  it uses pcie , just not the full 16 lanes . 
  usually 4 i think . 
  hopefully amd can implement it too . 
  rpg skin is already tradable . 
  i 've played support on some 32-player servers just afking and being a dispenser . 
  related : is there a staging kernel based on 4.10 or newer ? 
  i ca n't use 4.9, 
  \\  clicking manually instead of using a macro, 
  minecraft and assetto corsa did it like that . 
  well , bga is the best for laptops that are designed for slimness and not upgradeability . 
  on a good aircooler , i think 4-4 .2 is easily possible , depending on your luck in the silicon lottery . 
  do those little panels on the top fan spots come with the case ? 
  they look exactly like the ones in my define r4 . 
  i downgraded back to 1440p, 
  he does n't game much , and does n't use windows ( afaik ), 
  ultra preset is there to make you feel better about your x80ti purchase, 
  my mom gave me a 250 $ gift card to a pc part shop , you can see what i bought in my flair . 
  i would n't be surprised if they did it . 
  someone is going to want one though . 
  it could be good for blender rendering too , just slap on 13 titan xp 's, 
  amd 's smt is better than intels , look at cinebench scores . 
  overall 11 % behind the 7700k in 1440p ... 
  man , it 's just trash / s, 
  i ca n't get mine to 2933mhz on that board ... 
  3.9 at 1.35 v , jealous . 
  i tried that on mine and it crashes in p95 small fft ... not in any other stress test though , but i like to have mine fully stable . 
  i ran an fx-8320 and an r9 290 , both overclocked on 650w , i 'm sure it 's fine . 
  afaik you do n't need much pcie bandwidth for rendering . 
  it 's the same as in mining , cpu uploads the cuda/opencl program to gpu , waits for answer . 
  use risers like miners do . 
  you can use 1x to 16x risers , and multiple psus for power . 
  it 'd work . 
  check logs ? 
  i have no idea where they are on mac though . 
  the unix way of doing things . 
  do one thing , and do it well . 
  whatever you 're happy with masterrace, 
  bought it because i have no ideas for suggestions . 
  thankfully i have all the games i want so i wo n't spend anything on sales, 
  2 more cores over amd flagship with triple the price . 
  rip amd ? 
  jokes on you , 2k is 1080p, 
  i have no idea how to even use it . 
  i understood that it uses gpu rendering ? 
  does it work if i have an overclock set in bios ? 
  but i dualboot and it would only work one os . 
  that 's stupid . 
  just web browsing when i do n't feel like playing games , and learning blender, 
  so why is my cpu idle when i 'm rendering ? 
  you got ta buy the avatar dlc for origin lul, 
  linux users do n't need to run wine either for that . 
  libreoffice is really good nowadays . 
  the reason why windows is the most used os is because it was first . 
  same reason why we use qwerty instead of something more efficient like dvorak, 
  idk about you but $ 2000 is pretty expensive if you ask me . 
  render farms and servers do n't use multiplier unlocked cpus meant for enthusiasts . 
  dammit, 
  when i do it my gpu is maxed but cpu is idle . 
  that 'd actually be a really good pc for professional work, 
  a 580 can play games at 4k , just not ultra . 
  besides , do n't think it 's meant for gaming anyway . 
  does freesync work in vulkan mode ? 
  last time i tried it did n't . 
  also freesync still does n't work very well with borderless ... 
  in a lot of games ( ones that use ue3 , specifically ) stutter like mad when i run them in borderless . 
  only in borderless mode . 
  in exclusive fullscreen it works fine without . 
  source : own experience . 
  i 've never owned one myself , but i 've heard of killer nics having god-awful drivers . 
  unstable drivers , ping spikes , etc, 
  but when can i buy one ? 
  site does n't allow hotlinking . 
  maybe 1 cent per cpu ? 
  i do n't think the bottom of the nh-d15 is big enough to cover the whole ihs , might be a challenge to cool . 
  go away and let us circlejerk in peace . 
  maybe it was just fs being dumb , sometimes it glitches out for me and does n't work until i reboot . 
  edit : actually it has n't done that in a long time , maybe they fixed it . 
  i remember after 15.12 it 'd just fuck up randomly . 
  well , at least you ca n't rip the cpu out of the socket when removing cooler . 
  in [ jimm 's pc store ] ( https://www.jimms.fi/en/product/list/000-00r/komponentit--prosessorit?ob=7 ) , r5 1600 is best seller ... 
  mg279q can only do 35-90 , unless you hack the range , and i do n't know if it 'll be possible on linux .
