  also kids spammed their alienware crap in the chat . 
  just my ducky cost 160 $ . 
  i 'm using one at school , even though there are newer ones available . 
  yep . 
  i got mine with mx blues . 
  what what ? 
  if you get amd like i did , you gon na sweat a lot . 
  ever tried uberupgrades ? 
  it 's kinda like if mvm upgrade system and 10x mod had a baby . 
  another tip : if you see a guy named marlec on the other team , you may as well give up . 
  that guy really knows how to play uberupgrades . 
  you can also download libreoffice and unigine benchmarks via torrent . 
  i played tf2 on a 8800gt , it could n't do 1080p60fps because of only 512mb vram . 
  at 720p it ran at 200fps . 
  enb/sweetfx ? 
  vac is way too strict and unforgiving imo . 
  i 'd like to see a strike based system instead of an instant eternal ban . 
  1st strike would be , say a week ? 
  next one a month , and the last one would be forever . 
  yeah , assetto corsa is really awesome . 
  very well optimized too , i can crank most of the settings up to ultra with aa at 2x , and get 100fps on my r9 270x, 
  vsync causes input lag tho , which is why i turn it off in fps games . 
  what 's wrong with duckduckgo ? 
  i do n't use it myself but i like the fact that it does n't track you . 
  do n't you mean triple-booting ? 
  i like the old mac pro design . 
  if i got one for cheap , i 'd definetely put it to good use , probably as a server . 
  my current server is a dell optipleb gx280 . 
  this is why i 'm going to get a bluetooth headset . 
  it can also be a bad thing . 
  my friend never mutes his mic when he goes to take a leak . 
  why should n't you ? 
  friend of mine has that as well . 
  far cry 3 on glorious low settings . 
  really ? 
  i paid 200 $ for my r9 270x . 
  o_o his username happens to be battery . 
  my 15 year old brother plays on pc i built him . 
  i used to play on my dad 's old win98 pc when i was like 7 :p, 
  i went with fx-8320 and r9 270x , would n't exactly call my room cold . 
  i got mine to 4,2 ghz at 1,2 v. 
  joined with my 4,2 ghz fx-8320 . 
  why thank you :3, 
  we need a steam in-home streaming app for wii u. gabe , make this happen . 
  mat shit a dvd, 
  if i only had the money ... :(, 
  it runs really bad on amd cpus tho : /, 
  fps, 
  i 'm running 2 1080p displays at school with only 256mb ( hd 2600xt ) . 
  they use bsd so they do n't have to publish their modified sources . 
  yeah :(, 
  - finland, 
  eidos bundle , i think . 
  i was still using a 8800gt couple of months ago . 
  my pc was made of secondhand parts i got for free or cheaply . 
  in june however is built my current rig and recently gave away the 8800gt to a friend who needed it more . 
  i have a friend who 's ambidextrous and can use his mouse with either his right or left hand . 
  i think i 'll just download local beer . 
  to pirate or not to pirate , that is the question . 
  eh , i do n't care about ets2 that much . 
  i like assetto corsa more 'cause i wan na go faaaaaaaaast :3, 
  badly optimized . 
  i dunno why you got downvoted . 
  using a vpn is against steam tos . 
  that reminds me , i got ta get a bluetooth headset and a usb adapter . 
  mine is n't anything fancy , just an fx-8320 and r9 270x . 
  i 'm in a similar group too , dunno if it 's the same one . 
  ps3 plays blu-rays just fine . 
  well it 's really the only thing it can do . 
  i live in finland and i can download a 40gb file in 1 hour . 
  yep . 
  i wish i would have taken the 350 megabit plan tho . 
  please tell me that all those parts were already dead . 
  fxaa is fine imo . 
  it 's lighter than msaa and it does n't look bad to me . 
  op said that msaa ca n't be supported , so ssaa and fxaa are the only options really . 
  it 's still good to give people options , because someone might want fxaa because he ca n't run ssaa . 
  download tf2 , it 's free . 
  i think dell uses btx form factor . 
  atleast my optipleb gx280 does . 
  there was a time when pewdiepie actually was funny . 
  iirc it was before 300k subs . 
  people are stupid , so i would n't be surprised . 
  i think you can only install win 3.1 inside dosbox . 
  depends on what you use your pc for . 
  i 'm struggling with 8gb . 
  i have a 270x and it does n't make any noise , except when i play a very demanding game . 
  i have that much tabs open with 8gb . 
  but that 's really the only thing i can have open . 
  chrome now has a stable 64-bit release . 
  i have a voodoo 2 that i got from an old pc i got for free , it has been sitting in my spare parts closet for a long time and i have no idea if it works . 
  we have 1st-gen core i5 machines and 1080p monitors . 
  i have an old sharp stereo system i got from my dad a couple years back . 
  the cd player is broken but everything else in it works perfectly , even the lp disc player . 
  sounds way better than my turtle beach headset . 
  i have always known that pc is the best platform , but made the switch only 2 years ago . 
  it 's very outdated . 
  u 2 l8 m8, 
  sometimes i torrent games when i 'm low on money and buy it when i have money . 
  i know it has microtransactions but you do n't need to buy anything to be able to win .
