  external fps limiters may cause latency . 
  r9 nano here . 
  only time i get noticeable whine is in unigine benches credits screen ( 11k fps ), 
  i do have a case with noise isolation though , and i have closed headphones . 
  i also tried my old r9 290 , it had coil whine but i never noticed it in the year i used it lmao, 
  i have n't seen a single app that uses it though . 
  i do n't use any of those , so no wonder i 've never seen it or heard of it :p, 
  only torvalds has done something important tho, 
  depends on player count and how much they take damage . 
  i 've healed 12k on a 32-player server with 3-4 other medics . 
  in a 6-man game , 2.5-4k depending on difficulty . 
  what the fuck . 
  it 's more than enough for 1080p 144hz . 
  my r9 nano can do 1440p 144hz . 
  tried the witcher 3 on ultra and it ran fine , i 'd be worried if a gtx 1080 ca n't do that . 
  ultra settings , but of course i do n't get 144fps . 
  jumps between 45-60 , but that 's fine for a single player story game . 
  only the rpg has that 4x multiplier . 
  m79 does way less damage on impact . 
  does n't work for me : i, 
  same . 
  freesync is fucking amazing . 
  i do n't think fh3 even supports freesync , as it 's a uwp title . 
  last time i checked they 're still forced to use borderless window mode . 
  edit : they changed it since i last checked, 
  make sure he 's running the game in exclusive fullscreen , not borderless . 
  also some games just are incompatible with freesync for no reason , for me 7 days to die was incompatible even though it was in fullscreen . 
  need a way to disable it , yes ... 
  it has come in handy sometimes though , like if i join at a shitty time and i only have 3 seconds to buy . 
  it should be compatible , i 'm not sure why it is n't then ... 
  i like to have the dbs when i 'm playing custom maps to see if i can get into places where i 'm not supposed to . 
  and also for big zeds , works great . 
  i was not aware of that : i, 
  tfw i was an idiot and paid 50 $ for a 7800mah power bank, 
  looks like an old amd heatsink to me, 
  contact me when msi makes an advert that 's not cringey . 
  i 've lost count how many times a teammate has died in kf2 because of a fucking siren . 
  that 's why they 're # 1 to kill in my list . 
  bad mem, 
  does everyone need max settings ? 
  nope . 
  which tf2, 
  imo cuda is the only reason to get a gtx 1060 . 
  it 's not a massive issue , and it 's nonexistent in next-gen graphics apis . 
  it 's not a massive issue in most games ... of course there are exceptions like this . 
  0/10 shitty jumpscare horror, 
  has to be normal or hard difficulty . 
  edit : am dumb, 
  slower movespeed when shooting and reloading , long-ass reload times ? 
  username checks out, 
  nope , but your fat head still obstructs view . 
  always love a shakey vertical video . 
  has a certain amateur feel to it . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen one of these myself . 
  framerate ? 
  i only got 45-50 fps on ultra 4k : /, 
  moderate drinking is n't bad . 
  total alcoholism is . 
  good that you got your life in shape though . 
  playing with cheaters does n't get you banned , unless they changed it . 
  i 've played with cheaters a lot , gotten a ton of money , never gotten banned . 
  my brother got his rig basically free , because i paid for most of the parts ... 
  he only upgraded the cpu to an fx-6300 . 
  they should implement freesync to consoles and tvs . 
  is an nvme ssd worth it ? 
  friend said he ca n't feel a difference with windows installed on one , but can with linux . 
  reminds me of that time in school when my friend misread asus as isus . 
  uhh , mine has this kind of solution too : i, 
  highest temps i 've seen is 80c , which is n't bad considering i overclocked the gpu by 30 % . 
  it 's a shitty gaming page on facebook . 
  i have the g900 , i do n't use the free scrollwheel that much . 
  pgdown is good enough lol, 
  are the romer-g switches any good ? 
  i really do n't need any colours on my mouse . 
  that being said i have a g900 lol, 
  8800 or 9800gtx . 
  8800gt had a single slot cooler . 
  `` quickly '', 
  it 's been there forever , only removed like a month ago . 
  funny how amd has a better control panel . 
  stuff it has that nvidia 's does n't : overclocking , fps cap , tessellation control ( all can be enabled or disabled per-game ) . 
  i do n't have a modern nvidia card so there might be more . 
  and also it looks way fucking better . 
  i 've never looked at it , their facebook page is enough cancer . 
  yes, 
  i just have mine cycling through colors , and halved the brightness to boost battery life . 
  so now you can swear and destroy your liver in a better os . 
  the friend apu . 
  i want to believe . 
  yeah i 'll stick with my ducky . 
  yes , it 's just best to stay away completely then : /, 
  i think the 960 evo is already on sale where i live . 
  might get one . 
  amd 's proprietary driver will support every gcn card . 
  every gcn gpu . 
  amdgpu-pro will eventually support the 390x and earlier gcn cards ( hd 7000 series ), 
  actually i think some people have gotten amdgpu-pro working on r9 290 's and 390 's , not sure how . 
  latest version says it supports 390x lol http://support.amd.com/en-us/kb-articles/pages/amd-radeon-gpu-pro-linux-beta-driver%e2%80%93release-notes.aspx, 
  are the romer-g switches good for typing at all ? 
  that 's one thing i 'm concerned about .
