  both ? 
  firebug with medic pistol . 
  cpu is fine , but you should get a new gpu . 
  that 's why you keep your demo pistol, 
  you can do the headshot challenge as firebug , the fire does damage to zeds but very little . 
  send ~ ~ nudes ~ ~ benchmarks, 
  if op is in europe , i 'm interested, 
  because the closed driver is for professional work , like cad . 
  stop assuming everyone is a gamer . 
  hopefully wine 's dx11 will work with core profiles eventually too . 
  i 'm running gnome too and it works fine . 
  enable gdm debug mode and check logs . 
  also check systemd 's logs . 
  m.d.yyyy always confuses me, 
  there 's nvidia flex . 
  latest version relies on directcompute rather than cuda , runs well on amd , and surprisingly better than cuda on nvidia . 
  i installed a beta bios with agesa 1.0.0.6 , it broke all ram stability . 
  i ca n't even get 2400mhz with it . 
  it 's tf2 all over again, 
  that 's what we call instant karma . 
  i did . 
  wtf man that 's sauna temps, 
  lies, 
  people hate things that make sense, 
  it 's infinitely easier to repair a pin on a cpu than on a mobo . 
  or finland, 
  these were beasts back in the day, 
  it 's not even cheap , i5-7400 is the same exact price where i live . 
  there is literally zero reason to buy the i3k . 
  but , as adoredtv has said , there is no bad product , only a bad price . 
  nooooooo, 
  i 'm saving for vega ; - ; ( or a 1080 if vega ends up being trash ), 
  one time after i had taken a break from kf2 , i completely forgot to give our medic money :(, 
  as someone with an a8 laptop apu , they 're pretty bad . 
  it is the first gen though . 
  freesync is absolutely worth it . 
  thought i was the only one to vote for rae . 
  sounds gay i 'm in, 
  just mod it in . 
  because the console itself is a gimped pc , of course the games will be gimped too . 
  i 've played gunslinger in the current version and the reload speed in zed time works fine . 
  i hope they do n't fix it , it 's hilarious . 
  we finns warm up saunas with gtx 480s, 
  miner cards can sell too i think . 
  even though they have no video out they should still work for cuda/opencl rendering etc , or maybe even sli/cf . 
  i 've left mine for months without a clean and never looked that bad : i, 
  i have wattman so do n't really need this . 
  my friend is constantly playing it , is it good ? 
  or could just uninstall it and use discord . 
  it 's just a matter of time until all gamers are sick of this shit . 
  ms is just making windows worse everyday . 
  it better be fucking fast with all that power consumption . 
  i believe all the games there except cod run fine on linux . 
  nope . 
  an expensive gaming laptop should n't have a shit screen . 
  i did n't see gow there lol . 
  overwatch does n't run that well right now , but it 's a popular game and will get much attention from wine devs . 
  no , it has tons of dlc . 
  it is necessary if you wan na play on hoe . 
  yes you can . 
  just . 
  do it, 
  there are adblockers on mobile . 
  i had to open the comment in chrome just to click the link . 
  `` improving user experience '', 
  and that 's bullshit . 
  we 're not slavic tho . 
  the hardest difficulty . 
  and no wonder , you 're not ready with 20h . 
  jimm 's pc store in finland does that too . 
  a good developer/publisher realizes their mistakes and corrects them . 
  what is it about ? 
  but your heater does n't play games or cure cancer . 
  i never spent that much hours in kf1 : /, 
  been enjoying kf2 a lot though , nearing 900h lol, 
  wtf how, 
  this is nitpicky , but 2k is 1080p . 
  a gaming laptop should have a 120hz screen . 
  you can always mod them . 
  would n't be a hard task . 
  hey , at least yall got wired internet . 
  i 'm forced to use lte . 
  on linux you could probably use one as a switchable gpu like in laptops . 
  plop it in , use dri prime ( only on amd afaik ) , should work . 
  ca n't fix it , too busy making csgo skins . 
  thanks fam, 
  i had a laptop so slow that the only virus it ever got froze and i was able to kill and delete it . 
  i did run malwarebytes pro at the time , but it was so new it was n't added to their database yet . 
  we all have made dumb mistakes . 
  that 's why i only play alone or with friends . 
  every time i 've played this game , it has taken like 50 days at least to find calipers ... 
  after that , the game trolls me and spawns a fuckton of calipers . 
  there was a time when amd was the performance king , and they charged outrageous prices because intel had no competing chips . 
  then core 2 chips released and amd halved their prices . 
  competition is important . 
  lol, 
  has always worked fine for me . 
  no step on snek, 
  i 'm in the same situation , but i 'm in finland so i got unlimited at least . 
  what driver version dude ?
