   how does an ssd improve boot times ? 
  i thought it was just a storage device ? 
  you are correct , it is a storage device , but a lot faster than older , mechanical hard drives . 
  bullshit , i had an amd mavericks system . 
  check out niresh 's distros, 
  that literally means monkey porn in finnish, 
  what 's that , sandvich ? 
  kill them all ?!, 
  good idea , bwahahahaha !, 
  i may buy it when it 's on sale for 10 $, 
  i have a 2tb drive and it 's almost full of games : c, 
  for the same money i got 174, 
  i 'm sure it 's easy enough to make a plymouth boot animation out of that , do n't know of there is a way to have a bootup sound on linux tho . 
  edit : [ yes , there is a way ] ( http://schivmeister.wordpress.com/2009/11/29/arch-linux-boot-time-music/ ), 
  i heard that some guy from my country used 38 % booze to clean off paste , did work pretty well, 
  i tried it and did n't work . 
  oh well , it 's just one dead pixel . 
  we can have both linuses, 
  google `` tek syndicate '', 
  you could make a firewall out of an old pc that blocks ads to the whole network . 
  i have the previous model ( 5,2 inch g2 ) and it fits perfectly in my pocket . 
  i have fairly large pockets tho . 
  it 's basically a diy linux . 
  just like our computers , you are the one to choose what goes in there . 
  i recommend trying it in a virtual machine first . 
  is it bad that i use nano ? 
  i do use linux daily , but have n't bothered to learn vi or emacs : /, 
  imagine the latency, 
  yeah but i think he meant separately , like if he lost the one in the package, 
  childhood :, 
  midtown madness 2, 
  ratchet & clank series, 
  some other random games, 
  now :, 
  check my steam profile if you 're interested, 
  age :19, 
  of course they want our money . 
  they are n't getting it with shitty ports . 
  ubuntu theme on windows ? 
  why ? 
  did you install everything that 's needed ? 
  i could help you with it if you 're still interested, 
  did you have xorg-xinit , xorg-server and a correct video driver installed ( ca n't remember which is needed for vbox , try vesa or fbdev ) ? 
  i 'm using a gt 610 at school ( on a linux pc ) , it 's not that bad . 
  it can play xonotic at 30fps on 1080p or at 90fps at 720p , both on high settings, 
  can i have one ? 
  i have heard that it 's shitty and i just wan na see how shitty it is . 
  this is why the peasants do n't like us . 
  we need to be nicer , even if some of them do n't deserve it . 
  i had an fx 5200 , it played minecraft at 40fps on normal render distance . 
  i used linux tho because on nvidia cards minecraft runs faster on linux . 
  i still have a graphics card that ca n't handle 800x600 in half life ( not in use atm ), 
  i know . 
  the p4 handled it well tho, 
  i got a working one from a friend of mine for free , used it for quite a while but gave it to another friend who needed it more . 
  seems like your eyes ca n't c #, 
  best in this case would be debian 7 with lxde . 
  all ubuntu derivatives tend to be a bit bloated . 
  i just ordered a logitech c270 , a cheap webcam . 
  found a quality test [ video ] ( http://youtu.be/hpkxhmkxdwq ) and seems quite nice . 
  there 's only 1 reason i want a kinect : gmod supports it, 
  it 's 60mbps , he had to hide it or peasant eyes would burn, 
  8320 here . 
  no lag in any game, 
  yeah , but i 'd get a newer motherboard, 
  i have no problem posting links on mobile . 
  i wish it was that simple . 
  the urge to compete is hardwired into our brain , whether it would be sports , video games , or between video game systems . 
  war , war never changes . 
  i ca n't see them on mobile, 
  it 's my dream too , but i live in europe :(, 
  i have an fx 5200 with 128mb ddr , too lazy to take a pic tho, 
  the heaviest metal you can possibly find, 
  gave away my 8800gt, 
  linux has support for a holy fuckton of hardware too out of the box , but it aint bloated . 
  it actually works pretty well when you get used to it . 
  better than plebstation 's or potatobox 's text input, 
  me too . 
  i joined the linux party quite late tho . 
  has anyone here bought a win8 .1 key from / r/softwareswap ? 
  i currently have a pirated copy but i 'd rather buy a legit key for ethical reasons . 
  i ai n't paying 100 $ for a retail copy . 
  why steamos ? 
  i 'd rather use a real linux os . 
  need a key for win8 .1 pro . 
  i have verified paypal . 
  realtek wifi , i presume ? 
  wifi and sound are the worst to get working on linux sometimes , but on modern computers the support is a lot better . 
  do n't forget `` lspci '' . 
  just bought one yesterday , got the key pretty quick and it worked . 
  what distro did you try ? 
  if it 's an older one you could retry with ubuntu 14.04 . 
  beautiful, 
  at 720p , 30fps, 
  wow, 
  define r4 ( and other cases with preinstalled dust filters ) ftw, 
  and ram, 
  i got the define r4 , it 's fkn awesome . 
  it has a ton of room , great airflow , and most importantly it 's dead silent . 
  use mobile broadband then ?
