  i do n't mind paying for it if it supports the creators . 
  20 $ per year ai n't much . 
  what does that have to do with vessel . 
  guess my country sucks then . 
  everything 's more expensive here : /, 
  i 'm the opposite from op . 
  i hate iphones ( and ipads ) , but i do n't mind using os x , and have had some hackintoshes . 
  why not linux ? 
  can your shittop run those games anyway ? 
  friend of mine has a $ 4000 build with an fx-8350 and a single 980ti . 
  i think one guy said that it does n't show in captured video , only when playing ( like with obs ), 
  fucking forbes fuck off with your fucking quote of the day shit for fucks sake, 
  you can use openrc on arch doe, 
  yeah you can . 
  3 $ monthly or 20 $ yearly iirc . 
  r9 nano here , 75 \u00b0 c under load with all stock settings . 
  fan only gets to 40 % at stock . 
  if i max power limit , it 'll go up to 80 \u00b0 c at 75 % iirc . 
  60 and 30 for me . 
  there 's a separate test for that in the same site . 
  i 'm using an r9 nano on linux . 
  i have n't found any single good monitoring app for linux . 
  maybe this could be the first ? 
  most tech tubers seem to be biased towards nvidia tbh . 
  if crytek ports it , maybe . 
  otherwise , highly unlikely . 
  someone needs to test max overclocked 970 vs max oc 390 . 
  depends of course . 
  anything outperforms my 4 year old hp with an amd e-series turd . 
  i have so many i ca n't see the icons anymore . 
  help . 
  i lost my thumbnails weeks ago . 
  help . 
  memorized all keys , would n't even notice . 
  i should just get blank keycaps . 
  there are reasons to go z chipset on a non-k part , like ram overclocking or sli support . 
  i 'm having a hard time figuring out which of these are real and which are april fools jokes . 
  390 is an overall better card but going with a 970 is n't a reason to be a dick : <, 
  checked gtk.org . 
  it says `` gtk + is free software and part of the gnu project . '', 
  not a gnu project ? 
  is this real or an april fools joke ? 
  some other guy made a unix-like os in computercraft , so i do n't think it 's impossible . 
  i tried it , it 's neat . 
  i miss mine :(, 
  she was a good overclocker . 
  when i heard `` vrms '' , i think of voltage regulator modules . 
  but yeah , in some cases those are n't enough either , like putting an fx-8350 on a 50 $ asus 760g chipset motherboard . 
  cyanogenmod had an april fools joke as well . 
  install the nightly of that day , and your phone is trumpified . 
  nano on linux . 
  notepad + + on windows , but nobody cares about that i guess :\\ ^ ), 
  works well for me after they ditched flash . 
  friend of mine got a fury . 
  was n't disappointed . 
  so is windows 10, 
  is it only on nexus ? 
  i have an aosp based rom on my phone , ca n't find it . 
  i guess it 's stallman 's dick in there . 
  i still got one for occasionally playing gt6, 
  you could try finnish if you 're feeling masochistic . 
  now i want one . 
  i think i still have that movie on dvd . 
  i thought the ps4 could already output 4k ? 
  albeit at 30fps . 
  i had a 290 . 
  was alright apart from the shit msi cooler . 
  i 'm 21 and i sometimes feel old . 
  i said output . 
  was n't talking about games . 
  me too , and i have noise dampening material on every surface ... 
  i could still hear those 90 ( ? 
  ) mm fans thru it ... 
  now i have an r9 nano , it 's kinda loud but nowhere near as bad . 
  i ca n't figure out how to download a pkgbuild with pacaur to current directory . 
  with yaourt at least i know how lol, 
  i tried adding an xmpp account in one kde integrated chat thing . 
  crashed plasmashell . 
  it 's nice that forza is coming to pc , but it 's another reason for me to not ditch windows for linux ; _ ;, 
  your issue is trying to use catalyst . 
  open sauce drivers ftw, 
  profiles do n't seem to work for me anymore . 
  made a profile for tf2 , lowering core clock by 20 % and limiting fps to 120 , does n't work : /, 
  i once ( accidentally ) forgot to close im when joining a tf2 server . 
  did n't get vac 'd . 
  open source nvidia drivers do n't even have proper reclocking , and you 're telling me they 're better ? 
  can confirm . 
  single one can even do 4k on high settings . 
  looks like lga1336 to me . 
  then again i 'm not that familiar with intel sockets ... 
  mobile here too , does n't work properly . 
  wo n't work in windows 8 onwards . 
  you do n't have 10 bucks for ac mx-4 ? 
  the hell is wrong with your dick ? 
  today i found out that windows 10 installs apps without one 's consent . 
  it had installed twitter , some shitty skype replacement ( named `` messages and skype '' ) , and some kinect voice detection junk , all of which were n't there when i installed this shitty os , and do n't remember installing . 
  yes , you should be able to resize the partition with a live gparted disc . 
  finnish accent is fucking cringey though : /, 
  which is why i do n't speak in english much . 
  2x r9 390 or a single r9 fury can run 4k quite comfortably .
