  so lower it from monitor settings ? 
  one for professionals , one for gamers . 
  the fan died and now it 's thermal throttling, 
  one generation was loud and you 'll never buy amd again ? 
  why are you going to buy nvidia then ? 
  would go well with vega . 
  i missed that part, 
  waiting for freesync version, 
  but 4k 144hz is a thing now, 
  well i have n't had a bad experience with amd yet . 
  had bad experience with nvidia tho , had a 8800gt, 
  when you live alone and do n't have to worry about other people using your wifi, 
  although i wish there was someone using my wifi ... ; - ;, 
  this always happens . 
  amd releases their flagship , nvidia releases theirs just after , everyone forgets the amd flagship . 
  and everyone will buy the nvidia card regardless of how good the amd card is . 
  hopefully there will be one of those itx asus mobos with beefy vrms for am4 ... 
  the `` ryzen '' text on that asrock board really fits . 
  they will all be inter-compatible , but the tiering is still true . 
  you could get an itx a320 board and still put a top-end 8-core ryzen chip in it . 
  ( if i understood correctly ), 
  change it for an nh-d15 ? 
  the bigger the better . 
  no i have mobile data with shitty signal, 
  in download speed yeah , but ping hell no, 
  50-60ms in servers that are basically next to me . 
  hype train is diesel now, 
  no choo choo , but vroom vroom, 
  would go well with a 4k 144hz monitor . 
  shame asus 's model has gsync . 
  hope verkkokauppa and jimm 's ( finland ) have them : i, 
  i got a 250 $ gift card to verkkokauppa and ready to spend it on zen, 
  i have done that mod , can confirm it works . 
  could be your os , idk, 
  same, 
  i think it only works like pc to pc ( desktop to laptop ) , and not pc to mobile , like nvidia 's does . 
  tru but most mobos have moved the primary pcie slot for large coolers like this . 
  at least my asus m5a99x r2 and h97-plus do . 
  i have yet to buy my first car but my first will be an old turd with zero assists . 
  vega, 
  970 was only a better option if you live in a hot environment or pay like 30c per kwh, 
  the stilt overclocked an fx-8370 to 8722mhz, 
  edit : on all 8 cores , actual world record was done with 2 cores ( 8.8 ghz ), 
  50ms is kinda bad when the server is in your own country ... 
  i 'd probably get 10-20ms on cable . 
  it will fucking crush the 6900k in bang for buck though, 
  threads, 
  tfw i 'm using ethernet, 
  entered even though i literally never win anything . 
  reboot just to be safe, 
  boom , done . 
  i 'm quite happy with my nano , just want a better cpu now . 
  maybe i 'll get a cutdown vega gpu later though . 
  multi-gpu wo n't be happening until vulkan games start using it . 
  i use large mags on commando and support ( faster reload at the start of a game tho ), 
  i never had crashes or hangs with radv . 
  performance was n't up to par though but what can you expect from experimental software . 
  buy eviscerator, 
  aim for the head, 
  ggwp, 
  depends . 
  i like to use mp5 + medic pistol as sharpshooter ( in addition to railgun ), 
  it depends on how dumb your team is and what difficulty you 're playing on . 
  if you 're playing with good players you 're gon na be fine with just a medic ar . 
  shame they changed it from ps3 , greedy fucks . 
  i 'd love to get a ps4 pro for gran turismo 7, 
  i 'm sure it will be cheaper than intel . 
  talos runs fine , that 's enough for me . 
  but no smooth gaming for cheap : /, 
  because people wanted something else way more . 
  oh nice , gon na buy it, 
  * game is already in your library *, 
  are you testing on nvidia only or also amd ? 
  i 'm sure input lag and framerate dips are a bigger issue than tearing . 
  bad rats, 
  jk , maybe cinebench, 
  i 'm max level , so ... 
  well when i lived in helsinki i had actual wired internet ( docsis or whatever ) instead of an lte hotspot with ethernet . 
  ping was great , most i saw in local servers was maybe 30ms . 
  vega 10 will be big vega , vega 11 will be humongous vega . 
  on amd everything is in their great looking control panel , and also they allow you to control the amount of tessellation . 
  you could say tressfx in the original tomb raider would be amd bullshit , but they actually fixed it to run well on nvidia . 
  easy way to stop autoplaying flash videos was just to ... you know ... block flash . 
  now everything is html5 and idk wtf to do, 
  the last thing i bought was a dac . 
  doubt anyone cares . 
  it took like 2 weeks to arrive tho, 
  the only time i get ads is on mediafire for some reason . 
  mine was already 100 : i, 
  jpeg fucking sucks tho, 
  and now they make some of the best amd cards . 
  ggwp, 
  evga is too big of a company , nvidia would n't dare . 
  if you wan na mine , go play minecraft, 
  the jump was so big because amd 's opengl drivers are garbage , and id 's vulkan optimization is amazing . 
  btw you should get the same fps on linux as well with vulkan . 
  eye dee software, 
  he failed to test a feature that 's important for a lot of people , it does matter . 
  yeah the 7 gamers 1 pc build had 7 r9 nanos . 
  gcc masterrace,
