  better than 1080 for $ 500 ( ? ), 
  a well optimized game is n't a valid benchmark to you ? 
  you 're probably running that in a vm with gpu passthrough , which is still running it on windows . 
  nvidia 's linux drivers are excellent dude . 
  amd 's are crap . 
  it 's all about game optimization . 
  vkquake is a vulkan game , is n't it ? 
  so that 's 4 games . 
  not exactly demanding games : /, 
  32 gamers , 1 pc, 
  ca n't say much , but i use the same distro , and have the same headphones :d, 
  both are fucking great . 
  personally i 'm afraid to move up to hoe because i 'm afraid i 'm not competent enough , even though i have all perks at lv25 and soon 600 hours in the game :(, 
  best perk against king alphas and gorefiends is a support . 
  one headshot from any shotgun , ded . 
  there should be a similar mechanic to albino crawlers as bloats . 
  bloats do n't spill bile mines if you burn them to death , same should happen with the fart cloud . 
  still crap , compared to nvidia . 
  you should definetely upgrade to an i7 or amd ryzen . 
  get a highend air cooler or an aio liquid cooler . 
  and this is why i still prefer highend air coolers . 
  i think ryzen has working iommu , i doubt amd would have left that out . 
  you should wait for ryzen apus though , if you plan on using igp for host . 
  alright . 
  i do occasionally , but mainly custom maps : /, 
  desktop usage is great . 
  gaming is crap . 
  bf1 is very cpu heavy . 
  which monitor ? 
  looks similar to my mg279q, 
  try any non-valve game and see how well it runs . 
  yes i have , but it 's still bad . 
  i actually noticed it too that scrakes do n't die from a single headshot sometimes . 
  annoying . 
  in my own experience it is, 
  that 's a 3.5 '' drive : i, 
  logitech g403 wireless ? 
  just curious , which edition of win10 do you use ? 
  os integration is n't really cheating imo . 
  safari works really well on os x too because it 's so well integrated . 
  not an edge user btw . 
  i liked 8.1 . 
  with classic shell it was very usable . 
  also way faster than 7 . 
  opera is just reskinned chromium now, 
  killing floor 2 caps at 150, 
  i 'm seeing pixelation on my 1440p 27 '' monitor lol, 
  that 's probably why . 
  i 'm using pro , never had bullshit like this . 
  i have to run my laptop without antivirus . 
  even windows defender slows it down : i, 
  sometimes dickheads do n't give you dosh , so you got ta do what you got ta do . 
  can it run on a 1.6 ghz amd quadcore ? 
  i do usually run linux , but i also have windows 10 on a separate hard drive so i can play some games on the go . 
  surprisingly it can run the forest at 30 fps . 
  i got the g900 , always use it wireless :p, 
  logitech knows their shit when it comes to wireless tech, 
  is it the same as amd-staging on mesa-git repo ? 
  if yes , i 've tried it , works well . 
  you should n't need the pro drivers for that . 
  i 'm using an mg279q , 1440p 144hz monitor , it works fine with mesa . 
  unless you live in finland, 
  mine 's coming today , but ca n't use it yet :(, 
  for ultra , r9 fury, 
  wtf i thought that was a glitch . 
  til, 
  i drive with wasd in gta v, 
  if you wan na be sure that you get the best gaming performance right now , nvidia . 
  if you want a better card and trust that amd will get their drivers on par with nvidia , go amd . 
  or maybe everyone else are horrible testers . 
  plot twist : oooo, 
  every time i try mouse steering it looks like a crackhead driving, 
  what if i wan na do a fucking burnout every time ? 
  all of my motherboards have been asus , but this will probably be my last one : /, 
  yup , no real difference as long as fps is over 100 , especially if you have a vrr monitor . 
  same, 
  even worse is a medic that only plays the perk for faster self healing and never heals anyone else . 
  hope mine works . 
  asus used to be really good :(, 
  loved my m5a99x . 
  2600k can still keep up tho . 
  i have the r4 , been a great case . 
  need to clean it tho : /, 
  i think evga coolers for 10 series do n't look that good ... 
  9 series looked great . 
  indie games are better than aaa in a lot of occasions . 
  everything is better at 144hz c :, 
  true . 
  amd freescare technology, 
  why not, 
  i tried my brother 's g502 , it feels heavy , even with no weights installed : /, 
  also i hate wired mice , g900 is great for me . 
  no , that prize goes to hd 7990 . 
  r7 1700 , asus prime x370 pro , but do n't have ram yet . 
  hopefully i can get some next week : /, 
  dx12 actually has a feature that just lets the dev use dx11 through dx12 , presumably so they can bullshit market it as a dx12 title . 
  it felt heavy to me , compared to my g900 . 
  damn , why did n't i think of that . 
  hope i have the bandwidth to download it . 
  vrms popping,
