  and maybe add a gtx 480 as a dedicated physx card ? 
  tbh firefox is better than chrome in my opinion performance-wise ( chrome 's notorious ram usage ) . 
  i use chrome because it has better sync . 
  if i could sync my bookmarks etc to my google account on firefox , i 'd use it . 
  you stressed it so hard it had to start smoking ? 
  usually the user has that bad habit , not his graphics card . 
  lg g2 ( international ) . 
  thankfully someone found a security flaw in the bootloader so we can bypass the security check , allowing installation of recoveries and roms . 
  currently i have cm11 m11 on it , and twrp recovery . 
  what the hell ... 
  i ca n't buy a 4-pack for some reason . 
  it says i already own it . 
  ( bought it 2 years ago for on -75 % sale ), 
  `` think differently . '', 
  - apple, 
  even if it involves stupid decisions . 
  i use adblock , but feel bad about it . 
  that 's why i donate to sites and content creators i enjoy the most . 
  can confirm . 
  i have an fx-8320 and an r9 270x . 
  i took my mx blues to class one day . 
  thankfully my teacher has bad hearing :d, 
  the traditional desktop pc is not going anywhere . 
  you ca n't play demanding games on any other device . 
  the only thing about it is that i had to listen to my friend via skype raging while he was installing his on his new rig . 
  he has a fractal design define xl , and i have the r4 . 
  he got it installed but told me it was very hard . 
  mine did that 2 years ago . 
  surprisingly it was 1 day after my 18th birthday , talk about warranty expiring :d, 
  i thought of getting a nas for ... 
  uh ... backups . 
  ducky shine 3 masterrace, 
  yes , i agree that tablets are getting stronger , but they will most likely never exceed desktop 's processing power . 
  how 's that g27 ? 
  i 'm looking into getting one . 
  hopefully this fixes terrible minecraft performance on linux . 
  i have an r9 270x and i get 24 fps on linux , over 100 on windows at the same settings . 
  i do n't have this taunt yet : c, 
  i tried 1.8 and chunks loaded so much faster than on 1.7.10 / older . 
  did n't see much of a framerate improvement tho . 
  i have the conga taunt :3, 
  i myself have a really old logitech driving force atm , and i really want something better . 
  i 'm trying to decide between g27 or the pricier t500rs . 
  i like the g27 more because it comes with an h-shifter and does n't have the gran turismo logo on the wheel . 
  i have a similar dell , but with a celeron and 4gb ram . 
  it runs teamspeak server on debian just fine . 
  i 'm not a native english speaker and i can understand every word he says . 
  how old was the drive ? 
  i bought a similar drive a few months back . 
  yeah , but i 'm more comfortable with running it on a desktop . 
  besides , those laptops are n't any faster . 
  used to be 7 $ in finland iirc , but i have n't been in a movie theater in a long time so i have no idea how much it is now . 
  tbh i 'd like to have a macbook because of how they look , but i would certainly dual-boot it with linux . 
  os x is nice but ... meh . 
  only reason i do n't have a macbook is their ludicrous price . 
  ea ia now better than ubisoft . 
  atleast they do n't lock games at 30 fps ( atleast to my knowledge ), 
  5,25 '' blu-ray drive on your pc ? 
  i do n't know about favorite , but my most played one is tf2 . 
  good news . 
  i 'm getting a g27 this weekend :3 gon na play some assetto corsa next week then . 
  how much did you overclock that cpu ? 
  the terminal is n't that hard when you get the hang of it . 
  when i started using ubuntu 2 years ago , i admit i used the gui most of the time , but i also tried to learn to use the terminal at the same time . 
  now i no longer use ubuntu . 
  it was locked ? 
  never knew : i, 
  obvious troll is obvious, 
  i hope it 's not cave johnson 's lemon ... 
  i have been trying to get my brother in the master race , but it has n't worked that well . 
  reason for that is that 90 % of his friends play exclusively on potatoes or have a shitty laptop ( one of his friends thinks his gt330m is faster than a titan ... ) . 
  also i could n't afford to get him a better gpu , so he has a hd 5570 for now . 
  you can destroy my hard drive , but you ca n't take my games , because my steam account is eternal . 
  dell is from hell, 
  my fx-8320 struggles with arma 3 : /, 
  i just press win + prtscr, 
  i ordered it about 10 minutes ago , i got the 3 hour quick delivery . 
  it 's already on it 's way . 
  is there any way to get better performance out of the game ? 
  i get 30-40 fps , regardless of graphics settings , so i know it 's not gpu bound . 
  even if you wan na say the truth , you do n't need to be a dick . 
  yes . 
  cheapest mbp here is 1150 $ ( $ 1500 ), 
  am i the only one who is n't hyped about star citizen ? 
  it 's just that space shooters does n't interest me . 
  it does have awesome graphics though . 
  i only have a single 270x and it has been fine for me . 
  i do n't play anything that demanding . 
  how come ? 
  i 'm doing absolutely fine with a snapdragon 800 . 
  i did n't know , thanks . 
  i used a 8800gt for about 2 months before i got my current parts . 
  got the card for free from a friend of mine . 
  only thing i did n't like was the 512mb vram , which was n't enough for 1080p , but games ran butter smooth at 720p . 
  and people call me an elitist/snob when i say i ca n't play at 30 fps ... 
  was n't there a study that claimed pc has 51 % of gamers ? 
  i went from a shitty samsung to an lg g2 and i can easily see a difference , although the samsung had a 4 '' 480p display . 
  and my friend wants me to play mw3 with him . 
  thankfully i have n't bought it yet . 
  but what about dust ?
