  i prefer blues myself :3, 
  still the overall best voip client . 
  you do n't need to chainload anyway on a modern pc , even if you have just 1 partitioned drive . 
  amd apu is probably your best bet . 
  there is a patched version of amd open source driver that supports vk , but only on tonga/fiji . 
  steam not crashing on amdgpu-pro drivers . 
  i 've used discord a lot with my friend . 
  even if it 's non-free , it 's still gratis and in my experience the best voip software . 
  even has 2fa , which is a godsend ... makes it infinitely harder to hack your account , as the hacker needs your phone . 
  the automatic voice activity thingy works extremely well too . 
  only issue we 've had is with my friend 's new g933 , he has to restart discord if he mutes his mic . 
  ptt works in their linux beta version . 
  discord has never caused any performance issues for me : i, 
  you do n't need to use sudo : i, 
  i just type `` reboot '' as normal user , and press enter , it reboots . 
  it 's fast and uses screen space efficiently . 
  gnome is customizable in a different way , therefore bad ? 
  okay . 
  it 's also finnish :3, 
  it did . 
  then drm fucked it all up . 
  well it 's not available in my country , so i do n't really care . 
  my dad has used ubuntu for 2 years now . 
  he only browses the internet , does n't need anything more . 
  never had any issues . 
  even his huawei internet stick thingy works fine . 
  why do n't laptop makers sell laptops with ubuntu in big stores ? 
  could even give discounts to encourage people to buy em . 
  gta iv in wine ? 
  i do n't think it 's supported at all atm . 
  8.1 with classic shell is the best windows . 
  utorrent ... nopls, 
  but you 're seeing it redrawn 60 times per second on your screen . 
  i have 380 games , and all i play nowadays is : killing floor 2 , gta v , and adventure capitalist . 
  my old 290 ran at 94c all day . 
  bitch please . 
  maker does n't matter for temps , tdp does . 
  a 250w nvidia card pushes out as much heat as a 250w amd card . 
  ( 980ti vs fury x ), 
  my nano only gets to 75 \u00b0 c tho . 
  that 's at 50 % fan in the summer , 40 % in the winter . 
  aa at 4k is unnecessary . 
  if you 're sensitive to jaggies , fxaa or smaa should be enough though . 
  i have owned a u28d590d for a year . 
  can confirm that aa is not needed . 
  next upgrade gpu to amd vega ? 
  no themes ? 
  what . 
  yes it does , i use one myself . 
  their last gen flagships had similar performance at similar tdp though . 
  probably not . 
  danske bank is prolly the best nordic bank tho , they even allow root users to use their mobile app < 3, 
  still , no aa needed at 4k . 
  my r9 270x could only run bf4 with mantle . 
  dx11 mode caused the game to lag like fuck . 
  i only got 60 fps at 4k with my r9 nano : i, 
  this was on a previous version tho , and on linux, 
  more heat will speed up the aging of your gpu , but it should still take you through until your next upgrade . 
  in dx12 and vk games , the fx will be better . 
  i 'd say newest amd athlon x4 's . 
  better singlecore performance than fx , and enough cores for gaming . 
  i know . 
  they usually fail outright , but i think heat speeds it up . 
  friend 's ex-miner 290 died a while ago . 
  personally i like arch , but running ubuntu at the moment because amd drivers . 
  just checked my local pricing . 
  cheapest 480 , which is the sapphire nitro 4gb , costs 270 $ . 
  cheapest 1060 is 290 $ ( evga model ), 
  personally i 'd go for the 480 if i was upgrading . 
  you can use shell themes ... 
  i had some really nice one on arch that made the bar thingy transparent , looked really nice . 
  now they 're amd exclusive , and they have quite good cards actually . 
  it 's a webm , not a gif . 
  webm is technically just mp4 , but i think it uses vp9 codec instead of mpeg4 or h264 . 
  now if i was smart enough to play dota ... * sniff *, 
  that man is a hero . 
  i 'm from finland . 
  what 's a data cap ? 
  it 's awesome and terrible at the same time . 
  awesome because it 's cheap , fast and works everywhere . 
  terrible because cable/fibre is rare outside of big cities and kinda expensive . 
  mine 's at stock settings and undervolted -42 mv . 
  i do n't use it anymore , but i 'm selling it to a friend for cheap , and told him to watercool it . 
  i know what bullshit a data cap is . 
  we just do n't have them here , unless it 's a cheap mobile plan meant for mostly calls/sms . 
  amazing story , graphics etc , and to top it all off , no drm . 
  i love you . 
  well at least you have a nice library if you ever get bored . 
  that 's clearly google translate , but srsly , mit\u00e4 vittua, 
  if you replace the generator with an electric engine , it should work like a fan , right ? 
  looks like my windows partition is going to have 8.1 on it from now on . 
  when ms drops support for that , pure linux . 
  mr nadella can suck my dick . 
  i 'm just switching back to 8.1 . 
  meh i think an fx-6300 would be fine . 
  8.1 only lacks dx12 and a good start menu . 
  i have played it for like 16 hours . 
  i just feel like it 's not my kinda game . 
  it ran at 4k on my r9 290 tho ( i have a 4k monitor ), 
  you can use an app called drivedroid to boot linux from your phone .
