  i have n't had bad performance while driving , only annoying stutter in upgrade menu . 
  nvidia control panel , radeon settings , or cru . 
  in computing : frames per second , how many times per second your game/application image gets refreshed, 
  heatpipes  waterloops, 
  you need to make a custom resolution . 
  do n't those super high frequencies need low resolutions ? 
  480p at 240hz yo, 
  there was an article that a chinese vr headset used the old logo of finnish railroads ( valtion rautatie ) . 
  not many phones have a port . 
  have fun doing that yourself tho . 
  i do n't really need any patches , but on lower-end pcs i use bfs and bfq . 
  i went from 4k60hz to 1440p 144hz with freesync . 
  glorious . 
  i think consumer models did n't have that good refresh rates . 
  mine was capped at 75hz i believe . 
  they used to be shit, 
  shame that they do n't support exclusive fullscreen : /, 
  linux port of csgo is alright . 
  i think blender has a video editor now too , but never tried it and have no idea how well it works . 
  i guess because it does more than one thing , so violates the unix-way of doing stuff . 
  instead of doing one thing well , it does multiple things well ( at least in my experience ), 
  freesync is fucking awesome, 
  source : guy who bought a freesync monitor, 
  me too . 
  which one did you buy ? 
  amd is fixing their drivers tho, 
  i ca n't get the pro driver to fucking work . 
  well , it does work , but steam does n't when the driver is installed . 
  freesync over hdmi i guess ? 
  page says it has no dp port . 
  in dmesg i get a message that steam segfaulted , caused by amdgpu_dri . so, 
  i do n't think dual monitors is the cause . 
  btw you need to patch one library to get gdm to start . 
  i only leave home to get snacks from the grocery store and sometimes to visit my dad . 
  i 'm just here playing at 1440p because i sold my 4k monitor, 
  well gnome is meant to be a complete suite , you 're not supposed to get only one thing from it ... 
  yay thanks, 
  steam does n't work properly with anything else than a stock ubuntu 12.04 install, 
  kde 's kwin does n't support high refresh rates : /, 
  i tried my new 144hz monitor , and moving windows around was laggy as shit with effects enabled , but smooth with them disabled . 
  tried dell p2416d over hdmi , no workie . 
  it seems to work at first , but screen goes black as soon as i start the freesync demo . 
  just watch it , you lazy noodle . 
  marketing . 
  that 's why idiots still buy iphones when there are superior android phones for sometimes half the price . 
  i have done that , found nothing . 
  why is your ssd full anyway ? 
  it 's going to slow down and wear faster . 
  except they did n't fucking work, 
  steam crashes after a random interval after starting it , sometimes 20 seconds , sometimes hours . 
  nothing fixed it . 
  it does always start though . 
  from some message i sent : ` [ 829.811982 ] steam [ 7245 ] : segfault at bcfccc44 ip 00000000f62713a0 sp 00000000ff86824c error 4 in amdgpu_dri . so [ f3dc2000 +2979000 ] `, 
  tfw i 'm fine with fxaa, 
  got the same one . 
  awesome . 
  did you install the modded driver for 60-144hz freesync range ? 
  r9 nano here , no black screen issues or anything . 
  only crashes were caused by me ( unstable undervolt ), 
  yeah , why ? 
  literally only issue i 've had is blocky corruption of videos and gifs after a some facebook browsing . 
  fixes by restarting chrome . 
  there 's low-framerate compensation though , which makes it work at under the monitor 's freesync range . 
  it does work , gta v was smooth at 50-ish fps, 
  have n't tried . 
  oven 480, 
  yup , 2x msaa and fxaa look the same in gta v. . . 
  except msaa kills my fps . 
  arch with gnome . 
  would n't recommend for a noob tho, 
  precious skin for the sg500 . 
  luckiest unbox , usually i get junk : /, 
  what was wrong with demo ? 
  i did n't play the game much when it came out : i, 
  i 'm lv25 now , i enjoy playing it a lot . 
  22 $ worth , meh : /, 
  yes , very productive when half the time you 're rebooting because of forced updates . 
  i wish there were ultrawides that cheap in my country . 
  cheapest one is 500 $ . 
  my dad is using ubuntu already so this would n't work lol, 
  i do n't keep toilet paper or tissues near my pc : i, 
  my friend ' t gtx 780 fried for no reason : i, 
  it 's msi , so i 'm kinda suspecting failure to properly cool vrms, 
  this is why i only drink from plastic bottles near my pc, 
  my xmp profile is crap , manual timings worked much better . 
  xmp wants to set timings to 10-10-10 , but my ram can handle 9-9-9 easy . 
  people still do it , i think . 
  heard of some people achieving 2000hz polling rates . 
  i 've had arch break from an update only once . 
  i had an xfs root partition and the update did n't like it or something . 
  tfw using btrfs, 
  watercool that hairdryer lol, 
  45 fps on ultra at 4k is a really good framerate ... 
  i had an ext4 / boot partition though : i, 
  unless you use btrfs, 
  470 sometimes beats the 1060 , so yeah i 'd say it 's a good card . 
  i do n't think you can get a very good laptop for that price . 
  only for windows ? 
  all these posts complaining about caps and i 'm here with 2 unlimited lte plans : i, 
  your flair ... what does `` transitioning amd peasant '' mean ?
