  it 's fucking great . 
  well yeah . 
  also i like to use the ak 's burst mode on big zeds ( only if hvt killers are having troubles tho ), 
  hence `` do n't have much stuff '' . 
  if you look at android phones and tablets , majority will have a qualcomm chipset . 
  where 's my rx 420 with 69gb of vram, 
  maybe as a sidegrade to m14 ? 
  bit late of an answer , but i 've had this too : i, 
  very annoying when game crashes like 3-5 times a day ... 
  i 'm on amd , so does n't seem to be an nvidia issue . 
  i 'm just wondering . 
  if i were to buy a laptop with a gsync supported panel and gpu connected via mxm , and changed it to an amd gpu later , would it support freesync ? 
  amd sux they dont even have shadowgay xd, 
  only for oculus , or also for vive and others ? 
   you have the option to turn off vocals in-game so it 's only the instrumental tracks playing . 
  i believe the vocals are off by default . 
  i have them on though , love the music . 
  my latest achievement in assetto corsa is `` completely destroy your car '', 
  i 'm not proud of that . 
  odd , i have a worse gpu and cpu , and i play at a higher resolution , yet i get 100fps quite consistently . 
  try to disable flex features ? 
  i have 4gb and not an issue here either . 
  nvidia or amd gpu ? 
  i 'm on amd and the game has been crashy . 
  this monitor configuration , with differing refresh rates . 
  i think they just want it to be perfect . 
  ca n't risk releasing yet another product as a fail . 
  look like it . 
  i had one , pny model . 
  someone should just sue this site for spreading misinformation . 
  i kinda regret swapping from my fx . 
  amd finewine \u2122, 
  probably not an nvidia issue . 
  i 'm on amd and i 've had issues as well, 
  game crashes randomly . 
  i just feel like it wasnt a worthwhile upgrade . 
  shoulda waited for zen ... 
  are you implying this is a good thing ? 
  happens with unstable internet sometimes . 
  that 's a drm issue . 
  fuck corporate greed . 
  i ai n't the sharpest tool in the shed ( or sharpest shooter ) , but i know my roles . 
  because balancing a pvp mode in a game that has always been pve is actually kinda difficult . 
  i usually stop and wait on a spot where players can grab my ammo/nades when i play support or demo . 
  ftfy, 
  check `` variable fps '' in video settings . 
  that will raise the cap to 150 . 
  btw if you have issues with mouse sensitivity after this , you need to change a thing in one ini file , but it also lowers framerate . 
  sorry i ca n't help more : i have you tried wiping nvidia drivers with ddu and reinstalling ? 
  that 's also in their agreement . 
  if your game gets cracked within 3 months , you do n't have to pay for denuvo , but you also have to remove it from the game . 
  i just tried it , still slow af to start, 
  what ? 
  it is a thing , most games use that mode . 
  they 're the best . 
  i 'm fine with having a wired keyboard , but my mouse absolutely has to be wireless . 
  ca n't stand the fucking cable . 
  at over 100fps , the effect of freesync is n't very noticeable to me . 
  it helps a ton in more demanding games though , that run at maybe 60fps maxed out . 
  in theory it will be better for gaming eventually . 
  right now not really , you should just stay on xorg . 
  used 390 definetely . 
  it 's slightly faster , although kicks out more heat . 
  mine do that too but does n't really affect my usage . 
  had that with some old logitech ps/2 mouse and g602 . 
  on g602 it never happened when i set polling rate to 500hz tho, 
  does a fsb oc give more performance than a multiplier oc ? 
  good news . 
  amd is releasing an update today that includes a shadowplay equivalent feature . 
  it might actually be better than shadowplay , as it uses h265 . 
  called relive btw . 
  could make a great t2 weapon . 
  just installed , it 's great apart from some translation mistakes lol ( i 'm finnish , seems like they used a bot to translate ), 
  amd is catching up while nvidia is slacking . 
  nah fam , their products are great, 
  did n't say they 're better , but they 're great . 
  r9 fury and polaris cards are quite efficient , especially if you undervolt them . 
  dx11 performance is getting better with updates , but it 's not even going to matter as new games start to use next gen apis lol, 
  real mvp, 
  and aur package is n't updated yet , nice . 
  i hope this finally fixes steam crashing . 
  i can start it , literally the only option is changing bit depth . 
  custom resolutions were moved to the radeon settings panel . 
  crappy driver updates , judging from all the comments and posts i see here complaining about them ... 
  have to wait until it comes on arch linux :(, 
  custom resolutions was moved to radeon settings , in case you did n't spot that . 
  dunno about other features though , hope they come back soon . 
  i do n't find the crossbow useless , it can come in pretty handy because it can stun scrakes and fleshpounds : i, 
  one bolt to the head , half a mag from m14 , ded, 
  i thought it only does that when you use the stun skill ? 
  i usually go for the other one . 
  they said dc code will be merged in kernel 4.11 or 4.10 , both of those should release in 2017, 
  i 'm sure almost everyone has used those training maps . 
  i only used them to get from lv20 to 25 faster . 
  i already know what i 'm doing , gim me my lvls, 
  to everyone with ocd , try maximizing the window , it should let you do finer adjustments . 
  i believe amd puts all installer files under c : / / amd, 
  that shit was patched, 
  for $ 60 it 's not that bad actually . 
  i still see people shooting scrakes with the m79 on suicidal : i,
