  i have done it . 
  it 's just hard as fuck to read . 
  and lots of black space . 
  magic . 
  i do n't have onboard graphics :(, 
  i thought they do n't have mx blues available ? 
  cage caged inside a mouse . 
  ca n't you just do that on linux ? 
  what 's the deal with tiny keyboards ? 
  i 've never had such low desk space that i 'd need a small keyboard , full size has always fit just fine . 
  he did n't , it 's running in vmware . 
  i thought it has a native server software : i, 
  forgot which it is , but it 's a dual-gpu card . 
  i use all of them tho . 
  * throw can at combine *, 
  why would they remove it ? 
  your `` safer link '' is not available in my country . 
  i still have a pci graphics card . 
  keyboard  mouse, 
  i ca n't even get cable in my area . 
  only lte , and the signal sucks balls , barely getting 40mbps in my room . 
  ( paying for 150/50 ), 
  i went from r9 290 to r9 nano . 
  room is cooler and quieter , and games run much smoother . 
  i got an r9 nano for 570 $ , they 're normally 750 $ . 
  i had an msi 290 . 
  always over 85 \u00b0 c and loud as shit . 
  sapphire and xfx are the best amd card makers . 
  tfw i bought a nano because it was 60 $ cheaper than a fury, 
  ahh , that thing ... 
  did n't they do it with pascal too lately ? 
  good typists do n't need them , which is why i still have them . 
  free to play game with virtual hats worth thousands of dollars . 
  just hope amd gets their shit together on the cpu side too . 
  been really happy with their gpus , but cpus are a bit crap . 
  who does ? 
  what gpu ? 
  maybe does n't work on his system ? 
  i could n't get os x to boot on my new intel , but managed to get 3 amd hackintoshes working perfectly before . 
  weird . 
  cpu bottleneck is n't as big of an issue as people make it seem . 
  friend of mine has a pentium g640 paired with an r9 380 , stable framerates in all games she plays . 
  i do n't play csgo . 
  * prepares anus for downvotes *, 
  really ? 
   java is weird, 
  yeh , look at minecraft 's performance . 
  os and your most used programs and games on ssd , rest on hdd . 
  mine can do lighting effects , but not programmable : /, 
  nah man it really works, 
  i had an fx-8320 hackintosh , i think it detected as a xeon too but ca n't remember . 
  it 's a real champ though ... 
  traded it for a friend , she got it to 3.5 ghz 1.09 v ( stock voltage is 1.265 v iirc ), 
  old piece of crap that ca n't handle mp4 ? 
  i think you need to wait 30 seconds to after a name change to change again . 
  why the heck do you care if someone willingly uses nonfree software ? 
  it 's their choice . 
  do you mock bronies for liking mlp too ? 
  hope we get space engineers on linux too . 
  yes , yes they did . 
  assets are still closed though . 
  i use it to talk to a lot of people , ca n't stop using it :(, 
  i gifted a german friend l4d2 , she got the uncut version . 
  finland here . 
  i 'm paying 25 $ per month for 150/50mbps unlimited lte . 
  yes . 
  it actually runs really well , even on amd cards which is surprising . 
  it 's getting battleye at some point . 
  easier to code , i heard . 
  i 've never had problems with landscape mode . 
  modern operating systems scale text size with resolution . 
  i have a 28 '' uhd monitor , i set text size to 125 % and i can see it fine . 
  that 's a real good way to tell an aimbot . 
  go spy , sneak around cloaked where nobody ever goes and see if the suspect finds you . 
  i dunno , i headshot fine in kf with just ironsight . 
  you could install it in a vm and just play around with it . 
  or install it on a machine that ca n't game anyway , like a low-end laptop . 
  i had ubuntu only on my laptop for months , that 's how i learned to use it and got top scores in everything linux related at school :d, 
  right now the driver is garbage . 
  sincerely , an r9 nano owner . 
  performance-wise linux is good for gaming , but not when it comes to game availability . 
  amd performance is n't bad in properly ported games . 
  shame those games are rare . 
  wot, 
  international calls cost a lot . 
  shit service . 
  ( ads in client , etc ), 
  yeah . 
  my country is spending a lot of funds on lte . 
  unfortunately it 's a bit bad for gamers , as the ping is worse than cable/fibre , and in some areas ( like mine ) cable/fibre are n't available because if that . 
  i do n't even have a mousemat . 
  finnish inside joke . 
  just heard the horrible accent and immediately knew he 's finnish . 
  i got a nano a while ago , may get another one since i play at glorious 4k that novideo can not handle . 
  does anyone have that motherboard ? 
  i may pick one up for a matx lan rig . 
  did a dog chew it ? 
  i 'd rather have an invalid cert than have to use a vpn to access archive.is . 
  i do n't . 
  who am i to judge what people like ?
