  the eternal wars ... 
  console vs pc, 
  winrar vs 7-zip, 
  if my brother plays both ps3 and pc , but favors ps3 because his graphics card is slow , is he a peasant ? 
  what if someone did n't know about it and logged into his/her bank account ? 
  i 'm not saying they would steal yoyr money , but if they have your info , someone else may be interested in stealing it from them . 
  well , of course they mention it , but no one ever reads eulas or other agreements ... no one . 
  please teach him how to use chrome/firefox . 
  internet exploder is too unsecure . 
  watt is love ? 
  that 's genius . 
  why do n't other games have that ? 
  `` watt is love ? 
  baby do n't hertz me , do n't hertz me , no morse . '', 
  dolphins work perfectly for me . 
  both the emulator and the default file manager for kde . 
  so the wii is just a modernized and more compact version of the gamecube ? 
  well , chromeos is getting more popular , which is easy as hell and based on linux . 
  also with steamos we could get consoles that actually are capable of 1080p 60fps . 
  i hope linux gets more love from game devs , but amd 's crap drivers are holding it back : /, 
  20 , studying ict, 
  i need 32gb for my browsing habits . 
  ( too lazy to close tabs ), 
  . deb is just the installer file , executables do n't have file extensions on linux by default . 
  you still need to use the command line to install a . deb ( sudo dpkg - i whatever-1 .0 . deb ) , unless you use apt-get to install gdebi . 
  only . deb ? 
  what about red hat ( . rpm ) based and others ? 
  lel how do i multithread . 
  - bohemia, 
  i 'm using a cable modem , cisco epc3825 . 
  works fine for my rig and server . 
  the wifi sucks tho . 
  i have played quite a bit with a german girl who randomly added me on a steam linux group . 
  lately her internet has been crap and she has had a lotta problems with drivers . 
  til high-end graphics = gt 530, 
  but seriously , that prebuilt is quite good . 
  check your power supply if it can handle a graphics card . 
  ( has power connectors and enough wattage ), 
  i have a 40 $ office chair from ikea and it 's just fine . 
  i think i should get a better one tho . 
  after owning an ssd for almost a year i can say : no , ssds are not optional . 
  i got my 120 gig for free :3 ( xmas gift ), 
  at school i have dual 1080p monitors running on a hd 2600xt 256mb . 
  i used debian for a while , but got bored and jumped to arch . 
  i have a fractal define r4 and i installed 2 badges behind the door so you ca n't see them until you open it . 
  i got my mech less than a week ago . 
  ducky shine 3 with mx blues and white backlight . 
  it 's good to type on but blues are so loud , my friends do n't wan na skype with me anymore :d, 
  there is n't really anything to emulate tho , as it uses x86_64 architecture and opengl api . 
  oh , i remembered reading somewhere that it runs opengl . 
  thanks for correcting me . 
  you can use mayo as thermal paste . 
  i wish i knew how to 3d model . 
  i visited turkey this summer , did n't know about this . 
  i cleaned one at school today . 
  much easier than my old hp . 
  i bought my r9 270x for 200 $ , and r9 280 is 190 $ now : /, 
  i 'm too stupid : i, 
  seems easy enough , i 'll look into it . 
  you know what 's worse ? 
  friend of mine used his hard earned money to a 780ti about a week before 980 was released . 
  thankfully he got a last minute discount of 50 $ . 
  ( he got about 2000 $ from a summer job and built himself a whole new rig ), 
  i 'm getting a g27 soon . 
  or adds microwave charging . 
  i use my tv as a display for my smartphone . 
  tbh i like os x but do n't like the pricing of macs . 
  that 's why my pc triple-boots . 
  lol my school pc meets the minimum requirements ( core 2 duo , hd 2600xt ), 
  no right click ? 
  i can right click just fine , but i 'm using a normal pc mouse . 
  ( and my mac is a hackintosh , so i dunno ), 
  i have a triple-booting pc , where 1 os is os x. i do n't use it for work tho . 
  also my main and secondary phones run cm 11 . 
  dna ( i 'm finnish ) . 
  i pay 20 $ / month for unlimited data at 21mbps . 
  what 's wrong with cyanogenmod ? 
  i have it on my daily driver ( lg g2 ) and it 's rock solid . 
  never crashes or slows down . 
  you need to pay to unlock your bootloader ? 
  damn , i ca n't unlock mine even if i paid . 
  i have the same one . 
  i may get an h100i at some point tho , so i can use my fx-8320 as a room heater . 
  damn that 's cool . 
  if your phone is rooted , you can install/use xposed and xholofloatingwindows . 
  it 's not my room heater yet :d currently i 'm running it at 3,9 ghz on stock voltage , temps are about the same as yours . 
  but i want a watercooler so i can raise the voltage and clocks through the roof . 
  that reminds me , i got ta buy it for my bro when it goes on sale next time . 
  you need to use the html5 player . 
  same for me when i went from a 5,2 '' phone to 4,0 '', 
  iirc amds mobile cpus throttle at 100 \u00b0 c, 
  edit : when i see an apu , i presume it 's a laptop since that 's where they are used the most . 
  if cleaning your heatsink and replacing thermal paste does n't help , check the voltage . 
  my fx-8320 once went to 1,4 v itself for some reason . 
  or maybe i could go crazy and get 2 reference r9 290x 's and watercool them . 
  it gets really cold here . 
  debian is too stable . 
  gets boring when nothing crashes ever . 
  hmm , try chrome . 
  it works .
