  all they said is that it will deliver vr performance ( gtx 970/r9 390 level ) for $ 200 . 
  blame retarded fanboys and bullshit leaks . 
   i 've developed and tested it on nvidia hardware only and had no time to play with amd 's vulkan implementation yet . 
  wonder if it works on amd at all . 
  finland . 
  the monitor you mentioned does n't seem to be available in any local store , and i 'm not comfortable with buying from german ( or other eu ) stores . 
  would make it actually different than commando then . 
  maybe it will be counter strike style , allowing you to only use a pistol ? 
  if it 's an unreal engine title , chances are you can disable it through . ini options . 
  killing floor 2 has mouse acceleration , and a weird non-1 :1 scale with horizontal and vertical mouse movement , neither of which can be disabled or tweaked from options , but can be through . ini files . 
  what ? 
  steam controller is great . _ . 
  way better than a normal controller imo . 
  amd zen and vega 10, 
  still turns off if you hold it . 
  someone wired them so that you have to hold both reset and power to turn off/on your pc, 
  how the fuck do you start a computer by pressing on the keyboard, 
  i use systemd and pressing the power button does n't turn off my pc . 
  on arch , running gnome . 
  all decent de 's should have this option . 
  looks real good at 1440p ultra . 
  you can have profiles for each . exe in winecfg ... 
  this was useful as fuck , only needed one wineprefix personally . 
  steam required winxp , but a game requires vista or newer to run fast , exe profile made that work very well . 
  looks like cinnamon or mate , could be wrong . 
  i know that kde and gnome have this shit too . 
  i did n't say i like op 's idea . 
  i need 64 . 
  oh yeah forgot about those lol, 
  i do n't have cats . 
  is n't injecting code like this illegal ? 
  or does america lack laws completely ? 
  what speakers are those ? 
  are they good ? 
  tfw your laptop is faster than my desktop, 
  asus naming their gpu coolers based on what they sound like, 
  friend has the g933 headset , says it 's great . 
  he did have some driver issues initially though . 
  but are they good ? 
  well my laptop still has a 5400rpm drive for windows ... 
  usually i use an ssd on it though , but the ssd has linux on it as the damn thing ca n't play games anyway ... 
  iirc they cause a massive performance drop and one should have them off , and use external shaders for shadows . 
  tfw adblocker, 
  cooking with a gtx 480, 
  i dont think memory overclock did anything for me , just caused slight instability . 
  for me , doing that makes my character 's wrist/hand twist in an unnatural way . 
  does this with classic briar , and rae higgins , easier to see on the latter . 
  i do n't know if it would be possible to balance mg 's in kf2 . 
  possibly the perk would have slow walk speed whenever he has a perk weapon active , and would have to be stationary with t4 gun ( s ) ? 
  i 'm all for more variety if it 's not hilariously unbalanced . 
  i personally use resupply pack in online games if there are dedicated big zed killers , as it helps them a lot . 
  ai n't nothin more murican than smashing clone heads with a mace, 
  just the aa-12, 
  \\  3 gig framebuffer in 2016, 
  lmao are you srs, 
  cpu part is tru tho, 
  i do n't think a nano can handle that . 
  mine could only do -42 mv . 
  i mostly browse reddit on my phone , and i paid to disable ads in my app of choice . 
  i still use an ad-blocking hosts file though , as i hate ads . 
  cheapest 4 gig 480 costs about 30 $ more than the cheapest 1060 where i live , but i 'd still rather get the 480 . 
  yeah man , wanting long-lasting performance is definetely funny, 
  i 've never had an amd card die , but i have a failed gt 130 ( or something , idk it 's oem ), 
  i just do n't buy nvidia , i dislike their business tactics and i do n't give a crap about their features . 
  productivity : fx 8-core, 
  i tried the amf thing yesterday and the results look quite nice . 
  uploaded video quality in youtube does n't look that great though , but that might be my stupidity, 
  your character sneezes and his head blows up, 
  the game 's fucking fast on an ssd . 
  freesync does , at least on windows . 
  some de 's seem to have issues with 144hz . 
  gnome on wayland , and kde plasma 5 seemed to only run at 60fps , despite the fact i set my monitor to 144hz . 
  i never finished hl1 or hl2 ep2 : /, 
  in hl1 i got stuck in some big dude , in ep2 i could n't do the last mission . 
  only my mouse , and my keyboard 's spacebar have rgb : /, 
  logitech g900 and ducky shine 3, 
  hot, 
  de 's monitor settings . 
  i hear they tend to be unreliable . 
  never had one myself though so i dunno : s, 
  it 's about on par with a gtx 480 , so should be good enough . 
  a8-3520m , 8gb ddr3l , radeon hd 6740g2 ( i only use it when i 'm on windows ), 
  i think it 's usable with windows 10 on the 5400rpm drive . 
  laptop gpu in a tiny pc is not a mistake imo . 
  so laws only apply to you if you 're not a millionaire , gotcha . 
  when it 's on my ssd , maps load instantly . 
  and it 's my most played game atm , no reason not to have it on ssd . 
  mine was limited when composition was enabled , but unlimited if i disabled it . 
  i like playing sharpshooter , even though i 'm not a very sharp shooter . 
  yes . 
  why ? 
  i do n't have the cap in gnome though . 
  one guy i know irl had his razer mouse break while we were playing gta v. 
  he got pissed and started disassembling that thing for fun lol, 
  it was a 2 year old mouse though , been through heavy use . 
  yeah i tried it and it looked like crap . 
  instead i took the high quality preset and re-encoded it in handbrake, 
  hard is n't even that hard : i, 
  wait till you try suicidal . 
  i 'm already a hoe , i do n't need to play on hoe .
