  it 's a huge boost over opengl ... 
  i do n't think it has driver support . 
  this post is about linux , which does not support dx11 . 
  well my laptop does n't have windows installed anyway so eh . 
  4k support please, 
  tfw i turn it off, 
  amd proprietary is horrid right now . 
  fglrx does n't work with newest cards , and newest xorg or kernel . 
  amdgpu-pro crashes steam . 
  no danger from undervolting , only overvolting . 
  have n't had much . 
  some crashes , but those were my undervolt prolly . 
  weird though , has n't crashed any other game . 
  it 's essentially an i7-4770 , so no . 
  how 's the headphone jack ? 
  you 're gon na forget your stupid lumia, 
  gon na upgrade to zen anyway , need more threads, 
  i do more than gaming sometimes , and also for e-peen . 
  what is the u for ? 
  just opens eventviewer for me . 
  i 've been having issues in upgrade menus too : /, 
  freezes for a fraction of a second when i press any button . 
  kepler owners cucked yet again, 
  could be my locale . 
  it looked like 16:9 with hud off in thumbnail, 
  i wish nvidia would just use the pcie bus like amd has done for 3 or so generations, 
  you 're mostly made of liquid , so do n't go anywhere near your pc . 
  unless you 're a robot . 
  i the vulkan renderer only on android or is it on windows/linux too ? 
  edit : should read the whole thing before asking . 
  yes , works on windows and linux . 
  if game engines make it easy , there should be quite a lot of vulkan games coming out . 
  xset m 1 1, 
  only time the 4gb vram has been an issue was when i tried to play minecraft at 8k with shaders . 
  i do n't think that 's his primary rig . 
  same applies then . 
  devs , please just use vulkan ... 
  thanks . 
  they work fine . 
  same setup , but had this issue i last tried tf2 . 
  windows probably set the new gpu as default audio device , check settings . 
  does n't happen with my card . 
  depends . 
  4k30 is fine for forza , 1080p60 for any other game if i ca n't reach 4k60 . 
  why do schools do that ? 
  my school did that even though the computers were fast enough for dem aero effects, 
  i have a standard heatsink and this is bullshit, 
  how about just rx rage, 
  overpriced . 
  i think you can connect one to a phone directly . 
  at least xbox 360 controller works fine . 
  monitoring cpu temp maybe ? 
  he has a ps4 controller under his feet for extra input, 
  why would your dad do that, 
  unofficial vulkan driver for amd gcn gpus . 
  i ca n't really get a stable undervolt on my gpu ... -48 mv is kinda stable , but crashes gta v after 2 hours . 
  -42 mv randomly crashes some games ... 
  2x fury or 2x rx 480 from red team . 
  1080 or titan xp from jew team . 
  -42 mv was perfectly stable for a long time , but now it makes windows crash in some games : /, 
  -30 mv seems to be stable now tho . 
  i have an r9 nano , but you could have just checked my flair ... 
  does mipmapping work on hardware renderer yet ? 
  ty , trying that later, 
  yeah , when it does n't make steam crash, 
  yes, 
  a 750ti would be better for only minecraft tho, 
  allocating too much can drop performance . 
  i tried 10 gigs and it stutters like fuck . 
  i did n't notice any increase from increasing ram . 
  minecraft is very cpu intensive , so your overclock was the cause of increased performance . 
  i doubt you need more than 4gb allocated . 
  perfect for slav, 
  i did , and regret it . 
  i only restart mine for driver updates . 
  there 's a cheaper one made by razer , which is ironic . 
  it 's not as polished , but should work just as well . 
  it 's called the osvr hdk2, 
  yeah , more for developers , but i heard it works fine for consumers too . 
  i personally might buy one ... 
  i do n't really care about the look , and it 's mainly just for assetto corsa lol, 
  * checks update history *, 
  i have the update installed that 's supposedly broken . 
  has n't caused any issues though ( yet ), 
  tfw ca n't use the vulkan renderer, 
  aosp can be used without any google software . 
  maybe he wanted more video outputs for multimonitor . 
  7970 is a good chip , but i do n't think it was $ 700 new ... 
  i 'd think people want reliable coolers ... 
  personally i 'd go for a single-tower noctua cooler . 
  not with that attitude . 
  i remember playing this like 3 years ago , wtf is it called again ? 
  nah , just the cooler is meh . 
  bevause nvidia has better opengl performance . 
  remove libstdc + + from steam 's folder . 
  it 's already preinstalled most likely , if you did n't manually install any other driver . 
  next-gen apis do utilize more threads better , so it 's kinda true . 
  yes . 
  you can update the driver to a newer version if you want though . 
  assuming you know how to install ppas : https://launchpad.net/~paulo-miguel-dias/+archive/ubuntu/mesa,
