  both technically work , but no game support really . 
  gcn 1.1 does not support vsr at 4k , only 3200x1800 . 
  thx nvidia, 
  got my 290 to only 1100/1400 : /, 
  ram can handle 1450 , but i 'm not sure if it 's 100 % stable , just did a 3dmark run with that . 
  i think it 's actually a 290x ... 
  still a great card though . 
  looks like a 290x to me . 
  it has cloud saves tho , why did n't you use that ? 
  never beat the game , i think i only got skeletron prime and that was with a friend who 's more experienced : /, 
  i have that mouse as a spare . 
  it 's decent . 
  you have an r9 nano ? 
  how well does it perform on it 's own ? 
  i just bought one , has n't arrived yet and i 'm curious . 
  who needs a life when you have a pc ? 
  * goes to cry in a corner *, 
  unused ram is wasted ram . 
  i have 24gb , there is barely any free , but most of it is usable . 
  i used a northwood p4 for a long time ... had no other choice , it was free and had no money for better hardware : /, 
  then one day a friend said he can sell me a phenom ii x3 and a mobo for cheap , i was so happy . 
  i got one because it 's on sale here , and cheaper than a fury :p, 
  i believe on the amd side , only xfx allows cooler removal ? 
  yeah i 'm gon na get it too , but i wan na see it 's amd gpu support first . 
  have you tried wine-staging ? 
  csmt does wonders . 
  i used efibootmgr to delete mine . 
  i 'd say r9 290 is the best bang for buck . 
   do not get anything related to the fury . 
  crap . 
  tried with reddit sync in finland , works . 
  because some people are slow . 
  yes , it has a windows 10 look now . 
  i 've never had a single evga product : /, 
  if i ever go nvidia , i 'll probably get from them though . 
  i just use a 32-bit wineprefix because every windows game i run on linux is 32-bit . 
  i heard seus is quite demanding . 
  friend of mine bought a mac for gaming . 
  linux update systems tend to be faster than windows . 
  i think i got like 30-40 with my r9 290 . 
  have n't tried seus with my new card yet though . 
  750 $ in finland, 
  powerrrrrrrrrrrr, 
  yeah pepsi is pretty shit . 
  yep , r4 . 
  i have one too but my cable management sucks . 
  gun laws were tightened after school shootings . 
  what settings and in what config files ? 
  i bought an xfx r9 nano , lists linux as a compatible os . 
  like me . 
  talking on skype as i 'm writing this . 
  windows version has ads though ... 
  core duo t2500 . 
  depends . 
  i 've had ubuntu 12.04 not boot on one laptop , but 13.04 booted fine . 
  been thinking of going to firefox again . 
  my lte router lets me assign a ip address to a mac address . 
  years ago i bent pins on a socket-478 p4 when removing it from socket ( stuck to heatsink ) , bent them back in 5 seconds with a pci slot cover . 
  still works today . 
  get an aftermarket cooler . 
  i have an nh-d15 on my xeon e3-1231v3 , the fan barely spins under max load :d, 
  all my thesis was configuring a server for a small office environment : i, 
  then again , i studied ict , not programming ... 
  although programming was a small part of it . 
  maybe op is not ready to ditch windows , and is afraid of data loss when installing alongside ? 
  download the first 4 files from [ here ] ( http://support.amd.com/en-us/download/desktop?os=ubuntu+x86+64 ) , install with dpkg . 
  r9 nano is about the same price as the gtx 980 , get that if a 970 is n't enough . 
  what game ? 
  amds linux drivers are n't terrible . 
  properly ported games run just as well as on windows , like dota 2 . 
  catalyst 15.12 supports kernel 4.3 and xorg 1.17, 
  this is from own experience . 
  most games run like crap though ... 
  tried shadow warrior and it runs at 30 fps on low ... 
  same deal with dead island . 
  do `` sudo apt-get - f install '', 
  edit : no wait , fglrx-core missing ? 
  did you download all files ? 
  amd is a bit low on funds , so i guess their linux team is n't that active ... 
  hope it gets ready fast . 
  tried it , getting 40 fps in tf2  _ , 
   you have to buy a new copy, 
  unless you pirate . 
  my dad ditched windows too , been using ubuntu 14.04 on his laptop since summer 2014 . 
  asked for help only once , with updating flash . 
  mom ca n't ditch windows yet , she has an icrap 6 . 
  low-end samsungs have lcd screens . 
  core duo t2500 in secondary pc with 2gb ddr1 and a 9400gt . 
  plays half life 2 on linux just fine , and can browse the web just fine :p, 
  wonder if xfx used crappy paste on my nano ... meh , it 's temps are fine , too lazy to repaste :p, 
  just 6 on my previous msi . 
  ( 4 around core and 2 near vrms ), 
  i ca n't even make that :(, 
  would be awesome for a game drive ... 
  goddamn dpi scaling issues . 
  * me after owning one for a year *, 
  there is a powercolor card with 4 x 8 . 
  much faster , quieter , and cooler than my previous msi r9 290 . 
  running arch linux with no gui looks about the same . 
  ps3 with linux could run some open source games though .
