  good guy amd , supports their competitor, 
  pay to try dirt 3 for 90 ? 
  i won the game for free from the amd raptr thingy : i, 
  serious sam 3, 
  i have seen someone build a game server to the top part of a stacker, 
  imo conky is easier to setup than rainmeter . 
  it 's not available on windows tho and does n't support interactive widgets ( like launchers ), 
  why are you even here ? 
  this is n't a place for kids, 
  based on your choice of consoles , that was my guess . 
  it 's a secret entrance to black mesa 's british lab, 
  amd does work on linux , but not sure about slackware . 
  my current and previous amds work perfectly on ubuntu, 
  if you have a cpu fast enough , media decoding is not an issue . 
  what did it say ? 
  how does one set up his router like that . 
  there should be one in your motherboard box . 
  atleast mine did . 
  you do n't need aa at resolutions this huge, 
  oh man ... how much you pay for it ? 
  i have the same case , but windowless . 
  do n't feel like showing off my work . 
  crysis 3 and metro : last light at least . 
  if i had to suggest you an upgrade , it would be the cooler . 
  i was using the stock cooler that came with the phenom ii x3 i bought from a friend ( who got me to pc gaming btw ) and it was really loud . 
  i got some pocket money and bought a hyper 212 evo , and holy mother of gaben that thing is silent , and my temps went so low i could overclock the thing . 
  the only bad side about the cooler is the installation , which can be hard for someone non-experienced . 
  norton anti-user, 
  ftfy, 
  also if you want some eyecandy , download unigine engine benchmarks . 
  not exactly games but they look really good . 
  i got 24 fps on heaven benchmark with maxed settings :p, 
  another 16gb of ram ? 
  i 'm completely fine with 8gb . 
  i can understand the need for ram if you do video/photo editing though . 
  but for strict gaming and web browsing , 4/8gb is perfectly fine, 
  lol, 
  if you can afford it , get an i7 . 
  linux is much more intelligent than windows at using extra threads . 
  also ssd boot drive would be a great upgrade, 
  link to my steam profile is in my flair , add me if you like . 
  also if you 're nice to me i may give free tech support . 
  if i were you , i 'd get a smaller but speedier ssd and use the hdd as storage . 
  but that 's for you to decide . 
  i have a cheap mousepad i got from a nearby supermarket . 
  definetely not the best but does the job . 
  i had to use 8 year old video card drivers on one card, 
  i do n't know but i ai n't complaining, 
  socket 478 and older had pins, 
  if iphone has only 1gb then how would my android handle it ? 
  got ta try ... lg g2 btw, 
  i have one of these , passively cooled made by xfx . 
  holy hell that thing got hot , had to tie an amd cpu fan on it ( no spare screws ), 
  i do n't have a data plan , completely uncapped internet . 
  even my phone has limitless internet . 
  i love finland . 
  i pay 30 $ / month for my 100 megabit cable and 20 $ / month for 21 megabit mobile . 
  i have a radeon 7500 , latest drivers released in 2005 for winxp, 
  gaben , brother, 
  this is why i pirate . 
  no hassle . 
  i 'd rather not pirate tho , but game support on linux is terrible atm, 
  same thing with amd cpu, 
  nvidia-only ? 
  aww ... hope they add amd support, 
  is the g3 worth it ? 
  i have the g2 atm, 
  * looks at my 19-inch tv *, 
  yeah ... 
  it 's ubisoft 's failed attempt at making an online gaming service with only 1 satisfied customer ( who i happen to know ) . 
  i do n't understand why they just keep digging their grave . 
  you do n't get money by being greedy , you get money by providing good service . 
  have you installed a custom rom on it or something ? 
  i got tired of the damn bloatware and lack of customizability and installed cyanogenmod . 
  i do n't see any difference between lg 's camera app and google camera on cyanogenmod . 
  maybe my eyes just are n't as good :p, 
  does n't the g3 have 3gb ram ? 
  the hyper 212 evo is a gift of gaben , it can keep any cpu cool from cheap pentiums to fx-83x0 's . 
  also it 's dead silent , especially if you set a quiet fan profile . 
  atleast my local store says their model is the 3gb one . 
  it 's in finnish , use google translate if necessary, 
  i believe it was the shittier one , r7 240 what linus talked about . 
  not sure, 
  you should have bought it during summer sale, 
  hmm ... 
  try completely deleting drivers with driver sweeper and reinstall, 
  they already support hardware video encoding ... just no game streaming . 
  i hope gaben includes in-home streaming in steam 's android version, 
  if you want to get rid of tearing , enable v-sync . 
  but i would n't recommend it , it causes stutter and input lag, 
  yes, 
  mayo works as thermal paste, 
  no , i 'm saying that there 's a non-toxic alternative, 
  i met a 14-year old from my country in tf2 , he 's pretty well-mannered and does n't swear much . 
  edit : if anyone is interested , we live in finland, 
  my r9 270x struggles at decoding 4k in youtube . 
  whatever , i have a 1080p monitor anyway ... 
  a console made from smartphone hardware basically , even runs android . 
  change that psu as soon as you can . 
  i do n't want you to die in a housefire .
