  i bought my 8.1 pro key there , works fine . 
  lmao, 
  novideo with their gimpworks can fuck right off . 
  gta v has shitty frame pacing anyway . 
  it 's a lot smoother in other titles . 
  nano owner here . 
  i can get it near fury x performance and i paid a whole lot less for it :3, 
  only downsides are heat and noise : c, 
  you could try to undervolt it if you have a good asic score . 
  on amd , lower score is actually better . 
  i wan na get a second nano for myself : /, 
  unrelated question : are smartwatches worth the money ? 
  underground sea with 64x tessellation, 
  replaced the fx with my current cpu , did n't get any performance increase , just a 400 $ hole in my wallet . 
  lol i have an athlon xp, 
  it 's even more annoying if one dualboots with another os , like linux ... 
  grub , by default boots into linux . 
  so yay . 
  looks like you 're enjoying the heat of hawaii . 
  you must be very furious . 
  what gpu ? 
  looks like a high-end gtx 600/700 series card . 
  hope it 's better cooled than my msi r9 290 . 
  my 290 had overkill vrms considering the cooler that came with it . 
  my nano does n't run any cooler when i undervolt . 
  instead , i get higher clocks ( less throttling ), 
  at stock i was getting 905mhz in unigine heaven at 1440p , undervolted to -48 mv it ran at 940mhz . 
  -48 was unstable though , crashed after 2 hours of gta v. -42 mv seems perfectly stable . 
  do you happen to have the same msi 290 as me ? 
  mine has their twinfrozr iv cooler and i hated it 's noise and shitty cooling . 
  they could name one card rhodes , because this goddamn island is fucking hot . 
  ( on holiday here ), 
  undervolting can crash your game/os though . 
  elpida memory sucks . 
  i had a 270x with their ram and it could n't oc for shit . 
  core handled 1200mhz tho i think, 
  fix finnish pricing , sapphire nitro is 10 $ cheaper than xfx reference . 
  same site . 
  edit : 4gb model tho , 8 gig is 330 $, 
  i owned both . 
  amazing architecture gcn truly is . 
  i would have kept using my 290 , but it was a bit too slow for uhd . 
  16k graphics score with my r9 nano . 
  would link but my internet is potato :(, 
  sapphire nitro 4gb is 270 $ in finland , xfx reference 8gb 280 $, 
  i can imagine . 
  the memory bandwidth is already so fucking high lol . 
  it seems to depend on game though . 
  i get perfectly smooth framerates in a lot of games . 
  less power draw and even lower temps man :3, 
  ahh i did n't see it . 
  my reddit app reduces image quality because my internet atm is shit, 
  amd cards use more power on idle with multiple monitors pluuged in because the ram runs at full speed all the time . 
  this is n't an issue with fiji chips because it 's made to run at 500mhz constantly . 
  i read the article , just disable secure boot and you 'll be able to use drivers as normal . 
  i 've had secure boot off since i built my pc , so i should be good ? 
  omg i have the same one, 
  mine 's pedals still work , only issue is that one tooth of the gears randomly chipped off while in use : /, 
  g29 has better driver support , works in newest version of lgs , while g27 requires some old version that looks like it was made for winxp : /, 
  i do love my g27 , has n't gotten much use lately tho . 
  i should have done that too :(, 
  my steam keeps crashing when i have amdgpu-pro drivers installed . 
  currently only bonaire , tonga , hawaii , and fiji . 
  yeah but windows is a crap os ... 
  on amd cards , lower asic score is actually better . 
  53 % is quite a good score , better than my 63 % . 
  r9 nano here , 4k on medium/high settings is nice . 
  some games do stutter a bit because of low vram but meh, 
  i 'd use secure boot , but it 's a bit of a hassle to get working on linux . 
  nano is a full 4096-core chip , fury non-x has some cut cores . 
  i 'd like to get a second one and watercool them . 
  dear miners , please use asics . 
  thanks . 
  amdgpu-pro makes steam crash randomly for me . 
  what 's wrong with people liking different things than you ? 
  i bet you hate gay people too . 
  nah , elitists are ruining unix . 
  i 'm on nordic keyboard , i have dedicated keys for \u00e5 \u00e4 \u00f6 :3, 
  fin/swe has it too . 
  8.1 with classic shell bruh, 
  they will just automatically charge your credit card . 
  what , you thought they did n't figure that out from their spying ? 
  i do n't think bsd uses sdx * for hard disks . 
  at least not last time i tried it . 
  i should watercool my system , even though my cpu does n't need it . 
  i think i got them too , even though i do n't have a capable phone : i, 
  i only got 4 though , same pic but different resolutions . 
  i got them too , even though i do n't use insider builds : /, 
  that keyboard says quack instead of clack . 
  this has been the case since windows 8 . 
  dumbass idea imo . 
  i have a shine 3 , love it . 
  yeah got ta press altgr to get [ ], 
  i stopped for the summer :(, 
  yup . 
  this is great for multimonitor users because amd cards force memory clocks to maximum when there 's more than 1 monitor connected . 
  my 290 ran at 50 \u00b0 c idle with 2 monitors , 30 \u00b0 c with 1 monitor . 
  on my nano it runs at the same temp regardless of monitor count . 
  i could only hit 525mhz : /, 
  your skin & body have a ton of resistance , 12v ca n't kill you regardless of current .
