  amd pls deliver zen, 
  how does one install this on ubuntu, 
  as long as pcmr exists , nvidia will keep making money ... 
  i 'm starting to get tired of ubuntu anyway , gon na install arch soon ( again ), 
  so no linux support ? 
  or is this a shitty clickbait article . 
  i 'd be fine with it . 
  if it says 4.5 , you 're running the pro driver . 
  if it 's 4.3 or 4.1 , it 's amdgpu . 
  but when are they fixing the steam crashing issue on amdgpu-pro ? 
  4.7 ghz @ 1.368 v on an fx-8320 on air . 
  current owner had it at 5ghz @ 1.4 v on air , but decided to use it at stock clocks but undervolted , since power is apparently expensive as fuck in germany . 
  why not 4.9 ? 
  cooler ? 
  i think you need busybox, 
  actually it 's not in busybox , derp ... 
  i have it on my g2 with cm13 and op3 on stock rom . 
  yeah , requires a compatible rom . 
  lg sucks nowadays tbh . 
  if you wo n't overclock it , please undervolt . 
  fiji chips undervolt like mad . 
  best card available for the money at the time , and open source linux support . 
  i still think i should have kept my fx-8320 : /, 
  you know what costs an arm and a leg ? 
  nvidia 's mobile chips, 
  g series was good from optimus g to g3 ... 
  nexus series is google branded . 
  idk about the v20, 
  i remember reading about a virus for routers that fixes security holes in their firmware without users consent . 
  i use mse + mbam , never had a virus . 
  well , one time , but it was because it was so new it was n't in any database yet . 
  thankfully my laptop then was so slow the virus froze lmfao, 
  amd open source drivers are stable af though, 
  amd is fixing their proprietary drivers right now though . 
  current beta does n't work very well in my experience . 
  steam crashes if i have it installed . 
  it crashes after launching after a random time . 
  sometimes in 10 secs , sometimes in 3 hours . 
  but it always launches fine and crashes . 
  android and ps4 's os are based on unix-like oss . 
  linux does have a lot of games on steam doe, 
  is it bad that i wear socks & sandals, 
  it looks nice and does what i need it to do . 
  why should i change ? 
  gnome 3 with wayland has been working almost perfectly for me . 
  gtx 480 is also a very efficient space heater , especially in [ sli ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7epu4oeqvr4 ), 
  mobile cpus cost an arm and a leg, 
  what if one has no tablet, 
  i 've never seen one of these : i, 
  maybe because i 've travelled by airplane only twice in my life tho, 
  how do you use that little . 
  i 've used almost 30 gigs this month . 
  yeah i almost never use wifi even though i have it . 
  i just watch youtube , browse facebook and reddit , and stream music so idk . 
  yeah it 's unlimited . 
  i 'm on elisa finland , i got unlimited everything for 27 $ / month . 
  [ relevant ad from my carrier ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1ce0crwrrq ), 
  they have to work on android phones too , right ? 
  or is it made to work only on +7 '' devices ? 
  still runs better than xbone version, 
  i remember watching it in the morning before school when i was a kid . 
  i dunno where to find them for download tho : /, 
  small northern european country ftw, 
  ran compute bench on my pc https://browser.geekbench.com/v4/compute/21571, 
  other way around here : /, 
  4k 60hz on pc :3, 
  youtube mainly, 
  i do n't send much sms/mms so i just use whatever came with my phone . 
  i have ipv6 and everything works fine for me : i, 
  why would you not have ipv4 ? 
  that psu is fine ... 
  i have google music and i do n't get youtube red : i, 
  i used to get youtube music key thingy but not anymore idk why, 
  you should have 100 % gpu usage when playing . 
  if not , bottleneck somewhere . 
  refresh rate does not affect framerate . 
  they 're not forced to run that distro . 
  but what if i 'm gay and like being fucked in the ass ? 
  i got 1100 on a shitty msi r9 290 lol, 
  i used cm nightlies as my daily driver from cm12 to cm13 on my lg g2 , and never had major issues that would be caused by the rom . 
  unix 2hard xd, 
  btrfs masterrace, 
  i think i got mine for 17 $ on jimms.fi, 
  free shipping tho, 
  does that software actually do anything, 
  i could n't give a crap about android pay . 
  it 's not supported in my country anyway . 
  i have big pockets and carrying a large device would n't be an inconvenience to me . 
  i moved a year ago , house does n't have any kind of wired internet . 
  forced to use lte . 
  freenas is bsd , so unix . 
  7dtd is buggy as shit tho, 
  still fun , kinda, 
  i made the mistake of buying my key there . 
  i 'll pirate it from now on . 
  i 'd love a 980ti ... : /, 
  well i activated my laptop woth kmspico , works fine . 
  those things are wider than your mom 's ass . 
  my keyboard has a duck in place of the windows logo . 
  never changed it .
