  still , if i ca n't play it at 100 fps ( which i get on windows ) , i ca n't really play it . 
  i have a 144hz monitor , so i do have the need for higher framerates . 
  lower fps just makes me sick now , so used to high fps . 
  cuda works fine , physx does not . 
  reason # 297482 why nvidia should ditch sli bridges completely, 
  i 'd love to get a g910 though , for it 's macro keys . 
  i 'd recommend the wireless version if you can afford it . 
  zero cable drag feels amazing . 
  if you have a friend who has one , ask if you can try it . 
  well personally i use macros in games , for instance in killing floor 2 to give all of my money away . 
  ( only when i have all my guns and do n't need the rest ), 
  right now it 's bound to a key on the top of my g900 , and it 's too easy to press accidentally . 
  i 'm not sure how i even could bind something to f-keys . 
  i did n't have a pc when i was an immature teen . 
  well i paid 200 $ for my g900 , i think it 's worth it :p, 
  g403 wireless has the same internals , but more budget oriented otherwise . 
  well i do n't have a keyboard that even has software right now , might get a g810 if they have them with mx blues . 
  i 'm just used to them tbh . 
  did n't realize the g810 only comes with romer-g 's , derp . 
  hmm , might get one for gaming and use my ducky for just typing . 
  zen is incredibly efficient at under 3.7 ish ghz . 
  polaris is really efficient too , but rx 480/580s are just clocked really high which is why they suck so much power . 
  it 's just so they can compete with nvidia . 
  most/all of them have 4 high power cores and 4 low power cores , so not really comparable . 
  some people are just dicks . 
  yeah . 
  tbh i kinda wish i did n't upgrade . 
  gnome wayland for some reason has hardcoded 60fps cap seemingly , and trying to use it just feels bad . 
  google keep tho, 
  can you check clockspeeds with both settings ? 
  i got the same one . 
  it 's great with extended freesync range . 
  nope , mg279q . 
  asus mg279q, 
  or a rooted android device, 
  `` mom this is for your own good '', 
  yeah there is , website and a web app which works like a standalone app . 
  true , i sit at home killing zeds . 
  57-144 , works great . 
  my post takes as long as it takes for an ubercharge to build . 
  thanks amd . 
  something between palm and claw , logitech g900 . 
  whatever you do , do not buy the wireless naga . 
  same, 
  one could just download them on their phone and transfer it via usb . 
  i have an intel nic and it was n't autodetected by win10 . 
  the worst part is that i know him . 
  well ms is ruining windows more and more every day so i do n't really mind . 
  nope , spectators ca n't hear you . 
  they can see the indicator that you are talking though . 
  the stat thing is nice , and so are they weapons but the difficulty ... no . 
  i met a lv25 medic that does n't heal others . 
  extra stumble power can be useful . 
  iirc it helps with killing scrakes with aa12 , and stumbling fp with dbs . 
  it flips the fuck out when you lift it ( which you do a lot in fps games ) . 
  it has ass battery life . 
  it picks up interference from wireless headphones ( specifically g933 ), 
  my friend has one and he hates it . 
  yeah but if i were you i 'd record with the gpu at high bitrate and software encode later . 
  tfw it 's not available where i live, 
  i would 've if i knew him irl ( online friend ), 
  in his defence , he killed the imc on the i5 already , by using ddr3 on a ddr3l motherboard ( skylake supports that ), 
  and yeah he 's rich af so does n't care . 
  yep . 
  g403 wireless is really good . 
  i own a g900 , none of these issues exist with it . 
  well , not sure about interference as i do n't own a wireless headset . 
  well if you 're buying a wireless gaming mouse , surely you want it to work wirelessly in gaming ? 
  my friend constantly complains about his naga epic , whereas i 've had no significant issues on my g900 . 
  only one was some weird shit in bl : ps but that was fixed with one checkbox in lgs . 
  because you do n't have an infinite mousepad . 
  2 versions . 
  furies . 
  that 's the only enter key i ever used so it 's normal to me . 
  but it 's true, 
  most people use low sensitivity when playing fps games , so you need to lift the mouse quite often . 
  i need like 2 swipes from edge to edge to do a 360 . 
  accuracy . 
  i have an mg279q , it originally had backlight bleed but it went away over time . 
  not gon na lie , i do that way too much with my g900 ... 
  battery life in my use is 1.5 days , it 's enough as long as you remember to charge it daily . 
  with some tweaks you can get it to last a week i believe . 
  my brother 's too . 
  i use both scroll and number keys to switch weapons in killing floor 2 . 
  i have an ikea bag like this full of ps2 games, 
  jokes aside , ikea markus is a really good office chair . 
  very comfortable . 
  well intel and amd already release cpus without coolers , and amd has already done aio stock coolers so not impossible . 
  tf2 does n't run that well on low end rigs anymore , valve has ruined the optimization with hats . 
  my friend has a naga epic and he hates it . 
  flips out when he lifts it ( it turns off the laser when you lift it , for minimal power savings ), 
  ass battery life, 
  it also picks up interference from his g933 . 
  that 'd suck , as intel uses the same socket for hedt and xeon . 
  my friend uses a 22-core xeon from a dell server in an x99 mobo and it works fine . 
  you do n't need to compile java , it 's available precompiled in any competent distro . 
  software availability is n't about os limitations , all of those are could be ported if they could be arsed . 
  i do n't think it has ever happened to me . 
  so it 's like what nvidia does with titans ? 
  unlocked chip first with sky high price , then a cheaper one .
