  btw , i tried dolphin emulator and it seems to work fine . 
  did n't try any gameplay , but it does start just fine with vulkan enabled , and loads a game iso . 
  edit : [ here 's ] ( https://pastebin.com/6afzkb2w ) a gdb log from a vulkan demo i tried . 
  it 's as big as my old smartphone ... 
  modern games wo n't use that many threads , you 'll be fine with 4/6 cores with smt . 
  yes they do, 
  define r4/r5 ? 
  i have an r4 , it 's awesome . 
  asus prime boards are mostly white, 
  but it may have [ kms ] ( https://wiki.debian.org/kernelmodesetting ), 
  mine broke before the warranty ended, 
  my friend has had that ever since he installed win10, 
  only times that has happened to me was on random school pcs running windows 7 . 
  it was quite nice when you could n't log in because windows reinstall usb drivers every time you rebooted . 
  https everywhere has sometimes caused issues for me , like sites not loading : /, 
  keyboards in my school had a sleep button and i always had to disable it from windows power options . 
  thought i was the only one who did n't have this , now i know why . 
  libreoffice masterrace, 
  aios have pump noise , people who want a quiet pc do n't buy those . 
  i 'm hoping the drivers are just bad at this point in time and they get them fixed for launch , or at least by xmas . 
  i really wan na upgrade from my nano : /, 
  fucking hell if nvidia allowed physx with amd , would be awesome for some nutjob to do 4-way rx vega with dual titan xp for physx . 
  inb4 dropping linux support, 
  2 players welding a door can be useful if it needs to be welded quick and there 's no support . 
  here 's an idea : put it in the sidebar . 
  or perhaps put them in the big ol doc of everything . 
  depends on the situation . 
  firebug is better for this tho, 
  i dunno man , i sometimes get multiple tears when i 'm running a game at only 6 fps over monitor refresh rate . 
  ( 144hz monitor , game hard capped to 150 ), 
  i 'm just surprised that the alot bot has n't showed up . 
  one of the worst optimized games . 
  i tried it , had to run it on the lowest settings at 720p to get acceptable fps ... 
  i have a freesync monitor , so kinda stuck with amd : /, 
  i 'd get a second nano , but there 's no cheap way to liquid cool them . 
  imagine when ekwb makes waterblocks for it , it 'll be insane if you can get one to 4.2 ghz stable ... 
  i 'm hoping the cheapest gaming vega will be 400 $ ... 
  naaaaaaaaaaaaah it 's gon na be faster than 4-way titan xv fam ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  maybe i 'm just imagining things , but it looks like there are multiple tears . 
  also no tearing below 144hz because freesync fam, 
  also , about your flair . 
  how could i do a p-state overclock from bios ? 
  i do n't want to use zenstates because it 'd limit my overclock to windows only . 
  i 'm on a prime x370 , no such setting i believe , only a `` global p-state control '' , or c-state , i ca n't remember . 
  but , it seems like it goes to idle clocks on linux , but not on windows . 
  i dunno , maybe they 'll come up with some bullshit reason like `` needs too much resources '' . 
  or maybe i 'm just paranoid ... 
  videocardz does n't allow hotlinking unless you remove the s from https . 
  there used to be a whitelist in kf1 but they removed it . 
  you know it should n't be there in the first place ? 
  cause it 's true, 
  what 's wrong with amd cpus again ? 
  it 's a shit site but i can see the pic just fine, 
  * epyc, 
  put 2 spaces at the end of each line , or press enter twice to get better formatting . 
  ca n't msi afterburner do that ? 
  try it with unofficial overclocking enabled , or maybe evga 's tool . 
  if there was a 2560-3072 core , 384-bit vram model , i woulda bought one . 
  ideally , 1080p 144hz ips . 
  in gaming , it wo n't be much use . 
  however , if you do professional work like modeling , you can assign one of them to render an image . 
  i have a freesync monitor , and i 'd like to keep using that feature , waiting for vega is the only option really . 
  there is n't that many , but it 's really because amd users would be left out . 
  i 'm guessing it 'll be slightly worse in gaming , but thrashes the 1080ti in raw compute performance . 
  tfw no agesa 1006 for asus, 
  i ca n't even mine because my drivers crash after 3 minutes . 
  my friend 's laptop reached 130c , and according to him it once lit a match by just holding it near the exhaust, 
  in windows 10 settings there 's a gaming category . 
  only one board , yaaaaay, 
  for me : ksp , kf2 , assetto corsa, 
  that happens to me too , annoying . 
  what about p-states ? 
  can they be tuned in bios ? 
  i believe the devs already know . 
  more power efficient , less space used on pcb , faster . 
  hmm , xg32vq seems awesome . 
  if the price is n't insane i 'll get one . 
  well i mean , am4 is already 1331 pins . 
  when you use auto voltage , what does cpu-z say for voltage ? 
  i recommend you just get a new monitor tbh, 
  if it 's vga only , probably old and shite . 
  really weird . 
  try with 1.47 v manual ? 
  did performance go up or down ? 
  skype is a dead platform , who cares . 
  well , mine is 3.8 ghz at 1.35 v , try that ? 
  you could probably go lower in voltage since you have an r5 . 
  have you done any benchmarking tho, 
  you should buy unlocked anyway , carrier variants are cancer . 
  odd because i got 1653 at 3.8 ghz with 2666mhz ram and loose-ish timings, 
  i think you can use the second gpu for encoding , but no point really . 
  egg inc. is okay, 
  i do n't even use a controller for gta , i 'm just used to kb control . 
  i 'm going flatout all the time so does n't really matter . 
  for lego games tho , controller is a must . 
  real men do n't care about looks . 
  that gpu is a turd , basically a radeon hd 5570, 
  wireless mouse, 
  wireless keyboard, 
  wireless monitor,
