  how the hell do you even use spitfires , i never figured it out, 
  \\  using aa12 instead of dbs, 
  i can play gunslinger really well , but i just ca n't seem to hit anything well with spitfires . 
  do n't know why . 
  usually i can get a hit on his tentacle when i 'm playing support and unloading my aa12 on him, 
  one of my childhood games . 
  i just tend to use cnb and either the flamethrower or mwg depending on team . 
  old scrake sounds were trash imo . 
  with fleshpound i can agree though . 
  just turn them off tbh . 
  here i am with just 1 monitor . 
  at least it 's high end , so eh . 
  more challenge for you , stop complaining . 
  perhaps someone can make a mod like this , but i would n't want this in the core game . 
  if you want that mechanic , go to a server that has the rtd mod installed . 
  tldr : british military told horzine to bio engineer super soldiers , they realized it 's a bad idea , ceo did n't wan na stop , went nuts , zeds everywhere , also made clones of himself with all the improvements made to zeds, 
  i like classic briar most, 
  i want drugs , now, 
  most satisfying perk is gunslinger imo . 
  favorite is support though . 
  amd terascale does n't support dx12 . 
  mine too but i get 30mb/s, 
  fx-5200 was a piece of shit, 
  p4 was fucking trash, 
  well i 've been looking for proper speakers . 
  those seem kinda expensive though at 144 $ . 
  killing floor 2, 
  why ? 
  they made mistakes but they fixed them . 
  even if a game leaves early access it can still receive updates . 
  mine less than a quarter : /, 
  5 years . 
  nope . 
  i could still play online on ps3 without ever paying for ps +, 
  i would 've bought a ps4 if online was free , but nope . 
  fuck off with that shit . 
  well i do n't know much about speakers . 
  they seem good though . 
  asus mg279q . 
  takes like 10 seconds to wake up . 
  thanks , was able to remove a ton of old amd drivers . 
  the eye ca n't see more than 30 leds per meter, 
  yes, 
  i like the g502 scrollwheel, 
  i 've seen scrakes fight eachother , a husk suicide kill a fleshpound , and raged scrakes accidentally killing eachother when i 'm kiting them . 
  reason \\ # 75891347580413 why we should all use linux, 
  no bullshit licenses . 
  i think everyone needs to vote for it to go through . 
  i was once put into an australian server and my ping was 400ms, 
  healing first , shooting second . 
  i recommend getting used to pressing tab ( idk the button for ps4 ) to check everyone 's health , it helps if someone 's behind a wall and you need to know their hp . 
  when you 're high level , you only really need medic ar and pistol , you can get other offperk weapons on the side , i pick boomstick and katana usually . 
  katana is mainly to take the hit from fp if the team has no berserker . 
  oh , and never sell your pistol as medic . 
  keep it until the end . 
  only right side skill worth considering is combatant doctor , imo . 
  sounds glitched then . 
  why are you playing vs anyway ? 
  actual watercooling or glycol ? 
  i 'm hoping that amd just cranks the production of polaris to 11, 
  i remember when i got my 144hz monitor . 
  it was weird at first , but amazing . 
  tfw linux has more games than this gen consoles, 
  better fps for sure , but they replaced modding with microtransactions . 
  i always mix them myself . 
  that man is a genius, 
  if you sharpen the spoon it might work, 
  team fortress 2 is 10 years old and valve is still milking money off it, 
  so we keep fighting until they get bored . 
  or just force it . 
  at least we tried . 
  usually there 's just 1 scrake on wave 3 ( on hoe ) , not that big of an issue , especially if the medic has his ar . 
  support can easily kill it with his dbs on 2-3 shots . 
  good idea to get the smg on wave 2 if your team does n't give you dosh . 
  i 've had my pc on for 8 days , no issues . 
  4ghz with 1.35 v , how, 
  i ca n't even mine because my gpu crashes after 5 minutes . 
  same with f@h . 
  never crashes when gaming though , which is odd . 
  i got a voodoo ii . 
  i ca n't get 4ghz at reasonable volts at all :(, 
  no oc, 
  no oc at all , stock settings . 
  temps are same as when gaming . 
  normal opencl loads do n't crash it though , like rendering in blender . 
  i 'm running a 5900rpm drive , it 's sometimes a bit slow when gaming but not unbearable . 
  plan is to get a 1tb ssd for games at some point , but first need an rx vega . 
  no , probably just remove the line from your hosts file that blocks connections to their licensing server . 
  so that 's why my cpu usage is at 90 % when listening to music ... 
  heck, 
  i added it to adaway whitelist too , hope it works . 
  idk but all of my friends just put memes on it . 
  lg g2 support ended finally ? 
  yeah noticed that , wrote the comment before reading the article . 
  i have a friend who is just like rae . 
  but it does n't fucking matter because it has no effect on cooling . 
  skill for support that gives 30 % more damage . 
  other choice is 50 extra health . 
  i love drugs, 
  and flex , but it 's also vendor locked .
