  psu is a bit meh , and hard drive is small . 
  otherwise nice . 
  best bot . 
  software raid masterrace . 
  praised be btrfs . 
  it tried to be a fast replacement for usb . 
  failed because almost nobody used it , and the end device needed expensive controller circuitry , whereas usb does not . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , ca n't remember everything :p, 
  it 's possible to do that on modern systems too . 
  i used `` modprobed-db '' on arch linux to scan for modules and only compile what 's needed . 
  only about 100 modules built , from total of 3000 or so . 
  you what ? 
  i wish i kept that amd k6-2 i got from a friend : /, 
  need a 990ti . 
  shit optimization ? 
  90/30 mbps on my lg d802 over lte :p, 
  only outside though ... 
  i barely get 30/10 indoors :(, 
  not worth it . 
  overclock that bad boy . 
  oh god i remember my old turd ... amd e-450 is a piece of shit . 
  skyrim on lowest settings , 720p . 
  ran at 24fps locked . 
  minecraft at 30 fps on normal render distance . 
  they limit your download speed for `` cost reasons '', 
  even though they make millions from ps + and xbl gold ... 
  amd a8 processors are decent though . 
  apart from linux gaming performance of course ... 
  mine has an a8-3520m . 
  to a shitty company . 
  419 $ in finland, 
  mine gets like 400, 
  i got a shine 3 with blues . 
  you should have bought a 390 kappa, 
  postage fees :(, 
  yeah i like that no software needed . 
  lol, 
  i use windows 10 , and i do n't think it 's bad : /, 
  apart from the spying controversy , i 've had no issues with it . 
  i 'd like to show off my modest xeon , but gnome screenshot tool does n't work for some reason ... 
  it makes black or white transparent and screenshots look like ass . 
  seems to be 3.5 gb . 
  your pc is the same as mine originally was 1.5 years ago . 
  my connection and hardware would play 4k netflix fine , but their shit drm does n't let me ... 
  what the fuck is azubu ? 
  i was able to watch 4k60 and download a game at 9mb/s . 
  then i had to move to another house and internet : c, 
  now i can barely watch 1080p and download at 2mb/s . 
  make a bootable linux usb , linux does n't give a damn about ntfs permissions . 
  europe masterrace . 
  filthy murica peasants . 
  wait . 
  your country does n't have cheap unlimited mobile broadband ? 
  i was on mobile , did n't see your last message on the screenshot . 
  that 's a weird way to write btrfs . 
  i feel like finland is the only country that does . 
  glorious finland is glorious . 
  i 've been looking at dt990 . 
  is it worth the money ? 
  mine limited both . 
  badly optimized . 
  no , it only has 3.5 gb . 
  printers rarely work anyway . 
  \\  not wd blacks, 
  bottom :30, 
  my r9 290 worked fine , so i 'm afraid i ca n't help : /, 
  amd drivers are fucking weird man ... 
  even my current r9 nano works fine , and i 'm using gnome 3 which is notorious for hating fglrx . 
  k chips have vt-d from devil 's canyon ( 4690k/4790k ) onwards . 
  it 's probably the best amd card you can get for linux atm . 
  fury might be better once drivers mature . 
  390 masterrace, 
  op is not running haswell . 
  powered by gtx 480, 
  i 've gamed over mobile broadband for 6 months now . 
  ping ai n't that bad . 
  wireless do n't matter much if the peripheral is well-made . 
  good example is logitech g602 , it 's amazing . 
  been monday for 13 hours and 54 minutes where i live :p, 
  i do n't have any usability extensions . 
  only freon and caffeine . 
  fglrx is the fastest , but bugged to fuck . 
  i ca n't get gnome 3 to work with fglrx on my laptop at all , but works fine on desktop with same driver , same distro , same xorg version etc. 
  radeonsi is a bit behind fglrx , but much more stable and better in desktop usage . 
  amdgpu is gon na replace both on newer cards , hope it 'll be worth the wait . 
  first good version ( working reclocking for furys ) is coming with linux 4.5 i believe . 
  g27 is a good wheel too , goes for $ 300 ... 
  g29 and g920 are barely any better , mainly just better button layout but no change to internals iirc . 
  traded my motherboard a while ago , noticed that the vrm heatsink still had the plastic on when taking it out . 
  never seen clear plastic film on ram before . 
  the i5 will only do better in gaming . 
  fx will beat it in multitasking and anything else that can use multiple threads . 
  also it heats up your room , good for cold countries . 
  uh , probably not getting a free game if i already bought a gpu ? 
  shoulda bought a 390, 
  \\  mx reds, 
  might as well throw it in the trash and get real switches . 
  gamestop sells ug1 & 2 + mw pack for 10 $ i think . 
  see if you can find one . 
  i feel old .
