  threadripper upgrade ? 
  blower style works better in pcs with low airflow , like prebuilts . 
  i 'm in europe and i get that for 20 $ . 
  includes unlimited calls and sms too . 
  outperformed in what, 
  should be noted that you ca n't do this on windows, 
  ryzen 5 1400 overclocked to 4ghz maybe ? 
  yeah , i could do that on my mg279q, 
  amd user here , custom resolutions are in the control panel . 
  nah it 'll be fine in gta v , it can use up to 20 threads iirc, 
  i 've just flashed bioses from usb without any kind of reset , always worked fine . 
  nahh , toothpaste called dentium, 
  have they finally fixed the video playback bug, 
  still is . 
  video playback stops working after a while of use . 
  sometimes video is black but i can hear audio , sometimes videos just load forever , sometimes it just errors . 
  all video players affected ( youtube , mx player , chrome ), 
  this started in oxygenos 4.1.0 for me . 
  or just use a macro, 
  i get 80ms in polish servers , i live in finland . 
  at 4.6 ghz it 's half of my cpus score, 
  phenom ii x3 710 , 4gb ddr3 , radeon hd 5570, 
  it was a piece of junk but worked . 
  4.1.0 is based on 7.1.1 . 
  that 's not it . 
  i 'm using a minidp to dp cable too and my mg279q works fine . 
  i believe it 's so that demos have a good way to kill scrakes . 
  nailgun is alright too imo . 
  not fixed , happened to me a few days ago when i parried hans . 
  yes, 
  it never happened to me : i, 
  that 's a glitch . 
  if a player is hugging the patriarch , his minigun bullets spawn behind the player and he takes no damage . 
  i tried it recently and it 's fun as fuck, 
  as for grenades , he probably picked up ammo packs when you were n't looking . 
  musixmatch was great , they just had to ruin it ... : /, 
  quicklyric and genius are great though , just not as good as musixmatch used to be . 
  it was crashy for me , so i changed to quicklyric . 
  bit slower with downloading the lyrics but at least does n't crash every 10 minutes . 
  and it 's annoying because it redownloads redists like directx installer, 
  he should install them in an audi . 
  then he can call himself audistic too, 
  only my keyboard 's spacebar is rgb lol, 
  \u00e4\u00f6\u00e5, 
  i assume your ac is in f ? 
  i have no idea how much that is in communist, 
  worth it, 
  most played on ssd , rest on hdd . 
  applies to both windows and linux . 
  the imac pro has a 1080ti equivalent gpu, 
  no reviewer has had their hands on vega yet , only amds own results exist . 
  not big vega , that 's for sure . 
  i want one too : <, 
  this style of enter key looks weird . 
  never seen one irl . 
  i can hear 420, 
  i think this is just a windows issue ? 
  i ca n't recall ever having issues on linux with symlinks . 
  some people have symlinked their entire steamapps folder without issues . 
  c l i c c, 
  when can i buy one, 
  probably ? 
  i ca n't take mine to 4ghz with sensible voltage though . 
  tried 4ghz 1.425 v and crashes in aida64 : /, 
  temps shot to 72c before crashing , should be fine . 
  nh-d15 btw, 
  that 's basically an r9 380 . 
  would love to have one in a laptop tbh, 
  no u, 
  yeah . 
  i think i lost the silicon lottery though . 
  when you have used a device for months or even years and finally see it has a protective film still attached somewhere, 
  when i swapped my psu , noticed my r9 nano still has one on the xfx badge, 
  can someone explain to me what the purpose of these files even is ? 
  i know . ini is a settings file of sorts , but this desktop.ini that just appears in every goddamn folder , and windows even tries to write it on read-only cds too . 
  does it have an actual motor or is it just a toy ? 
  i get 1-2 bars of 5 , ping is n't that good but it 's stable . 
  idk about us mobile , but in finland mobile data is viable for gaming . 
  ping is good enough , speeds are fast , unlimited . 
  290 is still a 1080p beast and can even game at 1440p . 
  4k too unless you want newest games . 
  1060 is about the same as rx 480 in gaming , but 480 is way faster and more efficient in compute tasks like mining . 
  vega is way more efficient than polaris and earlier gcn though , i would n't be surprised if it 's on par with 1080ti in gaming . 
  it says pro on it , even an idiot knows it 's meant for work . 
  i just want it 's gpu, 
  why , are n't logitech speakers decent ? 
  press enter twice , or put 2 spaces at the end of each line to get better formatting, 
  no it 's an older intel ... 
  depends on what model . 
  x3 or better , it 's good still . 
  piece of shit machines, 
  i got tired of these notifications so blocked them, 
  i know, 
  killing floor 2 mainly, 
  quadcore trash in 2017 , nope, 
  i had a p2416d as well , was a great secondary monitor . 
  good enough for consumer ! = good enough for enterprise, 
  a computer crash in a hospital could even cause fatalities . 
  snakeskin and predator, 
  sounds like a turd,
