  i 'm living with 30mb/s and i feel like it 's slow ... 
  i 'd use it just cuz, 
  download a certain dodge truck, 
  used 290 . 
  just watch out for crap coolers like asus and msi . 
  vr is incompatible or is there just some feature missing ? 
  shame : /, 
  without all the marketing wank , apple would n't be in business . 
  the awesome part of having a nano in an atx build is not having to worry about gpu sag . 
  i traded my fx-8320 and motherboard for a laptop : /, 
  it was with a friend i 've known for 3 years , who 's not in the best financial situation . 
  low-framerate compensation though . 
  it makes freesync work below fs range . 
  i hope i get my yearly subscription back at least ... 
  500 $ where i live : i, 
  still half price of a vive, 
  most likely not . 
  profits are more important than improving industry standards . 
  freesync range is n't limited by the monitor 's range . 
  amd implemented a feature called `` low framerate compensation '' , which makes the bottom of the monitor 's freesync range invalid . 
  for example : game 's framerate drops below fs range -  monitor jumps to double refresh rate . 
  my monitor 's fs range after installing a modded driver is 60-144hz , but i 'm not limited to that range . 
  it works fine down to 30 fps . 
  so how 's that g3258 working , budget gamers ? 
  he wants to make cheap knockoff cpus, 
  yup , works well at 60-144hz . 
  i used a custom driver though , cru did n't work for me . 
  3.8 ghz quadcore with ht is a bottleneck ? 
  nuke drivers with ddu and reinstall . 
  also try dx12 mode . 
  well i do n't know then . 
  try stock gpu clocks ? 
  i actually do n't have the game : i, 
  i 'm bad at battlefield games . 
  bf4 ran quite well though . 
  my mg279q has it too , but it 's not that bad . 
  noticeable only when the screen is mostly dark . 
  why ? 
  mg279q is only 144hz and costs less, 
  asus does have a failsafe too though . 
  my m5a99x could restore a bricked bios through a certain usb port . 
  i 'd think an athlon x4 performs better than the pentium just because of more cores . 
  hot air rises upwards ya know, 
  i mounted my hyper 212 normally on an amd system tho ... 
  no thanks , i need both of my kidneys . 
  1440p 144hz, 
  i swapped from a 28 '' 4k monitor to 27 '' 1440p , ca n't see much of a difference when gaming . 
  i bought that new car game , my summer car just because the dev is from my country, 
  my friend already bought the new mbp : i, 
  \\* blocks updates *, 
  does steam still crash randomly when i use this driver ? 
  does it support amd apu + gpu ? 
  my laptop 's hd 6740g2 is unusable right now : /, 
  i 'm assuming dual rx 480, 
  mine did n't work with dri_prime = 1 env var :(, 
  it works . 
  only bug i had in 14.7 was glitched nightvision goggles , image was flipped vertically when i wore them . 
  i get a notification daily that i have pending updates . 
  gnome settings tells me that i have a 500gb ssd , but it 's 250 gig with 1 btrfs partition with 2 subvolumes : i, 
  noob, 
  sp2 gave him slugs and a scope , would be almost viable . 
  rash b cyka, 
  is n't there a working wine implementation for x86 android devices ? 
  friend tried it and got desktop steam running on his zenfone 2, 
  me too . 
  i mainly use my pc for games and facebook , but i think reddit is more convenient on my phone . 
  my snowball is standing on my pc , because it picked up all of my keyboard clicks and clacks when it was on my desk : i, 
  it 's a good ssd tho, 
  it 's windows that makes them unusable . 
  install linux on an old laptop and it 'll be faster than ever . 
  get an a-data sp550 120/240gb , and install linux on it . 
  or windows , if you absolutely need it . 
  my o2 seems to be defective : /, 
  it only outputs mono sound, 
   nightvision googles, 
  whoa we have a hacker here, 
  i got mine from massdrop though . 
  if that fails i could try fixing it myself , i did study electronics for a bit . 
  thanks , edited, 
  i did contact their support , they asked for more details , no answer after i provided them more details : /, 
  you can disable them from group policies . 
  it wo n't completely disable them though , but it stops automatic downloading and installing . 
  it 'll just nag you sometimes to install them . 
  still better than surprise reboots though lol, 
  binned parts ? 
  hbm2 as l4 cache maybe ? 
  what 's stopping them from making a high-end apu ? 
  if you have win10 pro , you can block windows update from updating drivers . 
  yeah . 
  most of the time it 's just a windows defender definition update , so i update like weekly . 
  it might be tbh . 
  new tech . 
  i actually have an amd nic, 
  radeon drivers , yes . 
  my card is non-gcn though . 
  apple is like : there 's an app for that, 
  reddit is like : there 's a bot for that, 
  you need 4gb of vram for powerpoint . 
  when you need a hacker to tell the truth, 
  i just hate their quote of the day .
