  nope , that was xerox . 
  more like windows nein ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i prefer searching alphabetically . 
  i do have valve-made games in their own category tho . 
  it 's actually a pretty fun game . 
  hi , fellow finnish brother :3 and as for the build , it will do just fine if you get an aftermarket cooler like a hyper 212 evo and overclock the cpu, 
  i ordered a shine 3 . 
  the store is currently out of stock tho , but they should get more in 1-3 weeks . 
  tenkeyless version ? 
  i did n't get that one , because i need the numpad . 
  oh god ... that 's brutal . 
  jeez . 
  now i 'm scared that my server burns my house down . 
  ( it 's a dell from 2005 ), 
  [ mfw ] ( http://youtu.be/c_vheawzbuq ), 
  physx atleast works on the cpu if you do n't have an nvidia gpu . 
  i 'd like to see opencl physics used more , as it is supported on intel , amd and nvidia . 
  can confirm . 
  me and a friend of mine did . 
  you can buy pc games on mobile steam . 
  damn , i shoulda paid attention in my swedish classes ... 
  it should n't draw that much , as it 's designed to be power efficient when not used but turned on . 
  i 'd turn it off anyways though . 
  there are many reasons why i will never go to usa ... 
  i get 100 down and 10 up for 35 $ : /, 
  the linux port is in beta . 
  thye can have our game , but not our mods !, 
  just like l4d2 , gmod is most fun with friends . 
  cheap power supplies only support the voltage if the area they were sold in ( 120v for american iirc ) . 
  most psus do have automatic switching though . 
  i have a pc with 1gb ddr, 
  when i host a minecraft server to my friends , it takes about 6gb ( i play at the same time ), 
  lg g2 ( d802 ) is cheap and very good . 
  mse + malwarebytes + adblock plus have been keeping my pc clean very well . 
  my 270x only has a 50mhz factory overclock : / i did overclock my previous hd 5570 tho . 
  i have n't oc 'd my current one because it already gets good enough framerates at reasonable temps ( 70c on furmark ), 
  well , it gives players an unfair advantage ( accuracy ) so technically it 's cheating . 
  ducky shine 3 ? 
  how is it ? 
  i ordered one myself , but it has n't arrived yet . 
  download one ? 
  i have the fractal design define r4 . 
  silent , roomy , great cooling and looks nice . 
  i do use a vpn , but not because games are censored in my country . 
  the nearest server of the vpn provider is in my western neighbor country , which neither has game censoring . 
  would this get my account banned ? 
  i do n't have any corsair products , and neither have i considered buying any , so i do n't care . 
  i have seen so much stupidity at school , i 'm immune to it . 
  me too . 
  same . 
  tf2 , 444 hours . 
  ( i know it 's on consoles , but they have n't been updated in years , so it 's basically a pc exclusive ), 
  anyone here using arch ? 
  i have an fx-8320 , it performs very well for the price . 
  if it did n't have the pic , i woulda thought it was an alienware . 
  ca n't these also run pokemon ? 
  i tried to do an arch install on a flash drive for school , but ran to some weird problems with polkit and gave up : /, 
  i myself have a triple-boot amd system . 
  windows 8.1 pro , arch linux , and os x mavericks . 
  same thing happened to me , but the damn hospital had no wifi , and i did n't have data enabled on my phone back then : c, 
  i only had a cheap hp laptop with ubuntu that could barely run minecraft at 30 fps on normal render distance . 
  mint is great for noobs yo, 
  then what is ? 
  hopefully . 
  math ? 
  more like meth . 
  asus r9 270x here , excellent midrange card i must say . 
  if you can get it for free or cheap , yes . 
  motion blur is fine when done right . 
  is this kwin or compiz ? 
  a friend of mine actually thinks uplay is better than steam . 
  although last time he tried steam was in 2005 or so ... 
  the hype when your ducky shine 3 is arriving tomorrow :3, 
  edit : i 'm stupid and forgot they do n't deliver packages on weekends  _ <, 
  i had a girlfriend like that , but mistakes were made . 
  tkl means the model without numpad , right ? 
  no , i got the full model . 
  i could do this with my old potatobox 360 . 
  better than collecting dust in my closet :d, 
  unmodded skyrim with low settings . 
  well , i can play it on win8 .1 ... and i have slower hardware than you ... 
  tfw i ordered a 160 $ keyboard . 
  gtx 750 pls, 
  ducky shine 3 ( mx blue switches and white leds ) . 
  i do n't think they even sell corsair keyboards in finland . 
  my isp does n't support ipv6 yet . 
  well , who cares when it 's fast . 
  damn bohemia with their single-threaded engine . 
  so all of my 2620gb is a waste ? 
  nah , we just happen to speak one of the hardest languages on earth ( from an english speaking person 's view ), 
   finnish 'd it, 
  ftfy, 
  readyboost does n't necessarily make your pc faster . 
  only if you have a pc with 2gb of ram and a slow hard drive . 
  i 'm more used to ordering from verkkokauppa . 
  oh i did n't even realize . 
  thanks :d, 
  mine has n't arrived yet , so how is it ? 
  is it worth the 160 $ ? 
  ( i 'm currently typing on a logitech i got for 2 $ ( $ 3 ) from a flea market ),
