  is the g29/g920 a good upgrade from a g27 ? 
  in certain workloads , yes . 
  are n't they the same thing ? 
  and you can control tessellation , unlike on novideo . 
  sell it now when it has any resale value , get an rx 480 to last till vega . 
  lol i would have guessed finland from that cookie box, 
  meh , you 're basically our little brother < 3, 
  people who do n't like 7 for being slow , and do n't like 10 for being intrusive . 
  all left , unless your team sucks at trash killing , then i use combatant doctor usually . 
  for solo all right . 
  most dx12 games suck because of lazy devs . 
  i 'm still disappointed in that video . 
  i really wanted to know the freesync range of that monitor . 
  nuc with linux, 
  i3-6100 and an rx 460/470, 
  i 'm sure people with shit internet would be willing to pay a little extra for games on usb . 
  you mean 16.12.1 ? 
  16.2.1 is 10 months old driver . 
  could just be a crap monitor ? 
  i get none of those issues . 
  i thought triple buffered has less input lag . 
  at least that 's my experience . 
  nope . 
  i can upload it to google drive later if anyone wants it but ca n't find it . 
  sure i guess . 
  no fucking way it 's on par with an r9 nano . 
  not yet . 
  well i sticked with fury line , they run 1440p great . 
  shame you ca n't use freesync , that monitor is amazing : /, 
  install the vulkan dlc , launch the game and you should be able to choose it somewhere . 
  it worked fine for me in killing floor 2 . 
  do n't have csgo installed to test . 
  i wan na know too, 
  do n't know , but it looks a whole lot better . 
  new version that was released on the same day as relive supports gcn 1.0 . 
  i tried with killing floor 2 , it 's stuttery as shit . 
  not in my experience . 
  quite well . 
  i think it looks hilarious when a decapitated scrake starts running, 
  where 's my head bitch, 
  how, 
  well i have n't had a driver crash in 3 years : <, 
  my friend hates amd so much he threw his r9 285 in the trash, 
  coulda sold it and bought 3-4 cases of beer ... 
  one week of wait is n't bad imo . 
  my battery life has been great on nougat : <, 
  random glitch . 
  my 290 idled at similar temps on linux as on windows : <, 
  ca n't undervolt on linux i think . 
  so enable for older games ? 
  literally the only issue i 've had with relive drivers is that freesync sometimes stops working randomly and i have to reboot, 
  70c max, 
  86c is when they start throttling, 
  i know because i fucked up with an fx-6300 lmao, 
  i think the pre-trashcan mac pro is the best looking case ever, 
  i went for g900 . 
  it 's like a g502 but no annoying cable . 
  he will build a wall to keep data caps out . 
  make american internet great again !, 
  rx 480 is slightly in the lead now . 
  amd cards tend to perform sub-optimal on launch . 
  update your drivers dude, 
  shitty cpu and outdated gpu drivers, 
  my 8320 ran at similar temps with a hyper 212 evo , overclocked to 4.4 ghz ... 
  actually now that i think , you can undervolt with some tools , but only on the old catalyst driver ... not possible with open source or amdgpu-pro ( yet ), 
  they used to be bad . 
  now they 're alright . 
  what, 
  has to be fake or quadcore . 
  no way ryzen octa scores that low . 
  overclocked 6700k can get 1k score in cinebench tho, 
  i just use drivedroid, 
  he did n't have integrated graphics . 
  yeah but i do n't think there was anything wrong with linux drivers . 
  my 290 ran at lower temps with the open source drivers tho, 
  why would n't people wait eagerly for better cpus ? 
  yesterday i had to reboot 5 times to get it working properly . 
  on first boot i got a black screen , pressed reset because nothing else helped . 
  second boot , could n't log in with pin code . 
  third boot , login took ages and when i got in , explorer.exe was frozen for no reason . 
  reset again . 
  4th it finally worked normally , but freesync was n't working . 
  5th , everything worked . 
  today i booted to linux , everything worked on the first boot . 
  blazing fast for 2006 standards, 
  i 'm using an lte modem myself . 
  ping is bearable , about 50ms in swedish servers ( i live in finland ), 
  no data cap either . 
  might be different in the us tho . 
  more bandwidth i think . 
  hdmi , at least on my computers , ca n't output 1440p 144hz . 
  i feel it at 140 fps : i, 
  open console with f3 , type in ` open < ip-address  ` , if your server is hosted on the same pc , ip address will be 127.0.0.1 . 
  about server showing for other player , i do n't know . 
  i ca n't properly host a server with my current internet : i, 
  mine 's 1.4 i believe . 
  hdmi 2.0 might be able to do 1440p144hz . 
  on normal you should never get kicked , no matter how low level you are . 
  start from that difficulty and work your way up . 
  getting kicked does n't lose any xp , any xp you have collected until that point in the game should save .
