  eww , automatic, 
  you think it would work on snappy 800 ? 
  the open source driver works fantastic , it 's fgrlx that 's shit . 
  i dunno what that is, 
  it 's not really the most expensive . 
  i 'd say it 's the best bang for buck wheel . 
  how 's the noise ? 
  i have an msi 290 and it 's loud as fuck , and a bit hotter than yours ( 86 \u00b0 c under max load ), 
  masterrace is masterrace , even if one 's hardware sucks . 
  besides , brother is a brother , even if his hardware sucks . 
  $ 20 is n't a bad price , even for such a shit card . 
  there was some way to disable it with an app , forgot what it was . 
  i used a hackintosh once and the acceleration was unbearable . 
  it 's systemd/linux now . 
  i like g + , made youtube comments better imo . 
  you just wait when steam in-home streaming comes on android ... 
  i really ca n't recommend samsung . 
  i 've had only bad experiences with them . 
  you should consider the moto x too , because it comes with pure android . 
  msi 's own twinfrozr , i can hear the fan from 40 % speed onwards . 
  my asus r9 270x was dead silent all the way to 70 %, 
  so never, 
  how 's that wheel ? 
  i got it 's bigger brother and i 've been very happy with it . 
  basically all simulators , and every game that has support for rebindable inputs . 
  i 'm playing nfs with my g27 ( i recommend dropping the turning radius to 180-360 \u00b0 ), 
  download the drivers and calibrate it . 
  some people have too much money . 
  yes . 
  amd fx line supports it though . 
  i had one , it was n't very powerful but served me well . 
  maybe . 
  i know that my friend 's 4770k does n't, 
  oh yeah , the name was changed, 
  nope , i 'm serious . 
  but that 's only on nvidia . 
  did n't get it working . 
  got ta love the h-shifter doe, 
  i never got lfs working because i 'm an impatient dumbass . 
  well yeah , sometimes you just got ta get what you can afford . 
  some guy was yelled at for buying an r7 240 from cragslist . 
  btw , buy assetto corsa if you get the wheel . 
  assetto corsa is seriously well optimized . 
  i can play it at 4k on my single r9 290 , only setting i had to lower is smoke . 
  sim does n't work in vanir 5.1.1 , so i guess that issue is in cm12 .1 as well . 
  waiting for arch linux mobile, 
  i think fxaa looks fine : i i use it when i play at 4k, 
  depends . 
  i have good eyesight and i sit quite close ( about 1 meter ) , so i can kinda see the jaggies . 
  me neither , it has no 4k or android support . 
  intel and their ia-64 ... 
  i know , i meant it in a mocking way . 
  i know but 3d performance is crappy , and not much memory available with android stuff running on the background . 
  i 'd still use it over windows . 
  my fx-8320 gets to only 60c at the same clockspeed with a crappier cooler . 
  edit : i overclocked manually , automatic bios overclockers suck . 
  the xposed module caused my phone to bootloop : /, 
  i 'm running a single r9 290 with 650w and feel the same . 
  unlocked cpu on a non-oc board ? 
  you could have been fine with an i5-4440 or sumtn, 
  that 's like me when i shave . 
  that 's why i do n't shave anymore, 
  that includes me ; _ ;, 
  i 've been told that only z and x chipsets can oc . 
  dunno , never used intel : /, 
  i think i have the same desk . 
  i hate it because it ca n't handle a young adult 's rage issues . 
  nope , chroot, 
  i 've tried everything , and i ca n't get them to work . 
  maybe sawblades just have too much torque . 
  some rare petitions work . 
  one of them was directed at broadcom to open source the drivers for an soc so nerds could port android 4.0 + on an old samsung . 
  my internet is the same speed , not impressed . 
  do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior , duarte ? 
  i changed from 1080p to 4k . 
  never going back . 
  it is 100 % worth it . 
  even older games look so much fucking better at such a high resolution . 
  so you just copied all the files over ? 
  dude you should do a fresh install . 
  ps3 for occasional gran turismo 6 , xbox 360 and wii because got them for free . 
  some people like useless stuff, 
  i unlocked a dual core phenom ii into a quad at school . 
  fastest cpu in class, 
  i would have a spare phenom x3 for the guy , but i 'm too lazy to ship it . 
  from 1080p to 4k, 
  how good is it ? 
  my moga has a huge deadzone on the sticks , and 0.5 second input lag :(, 
  128kbps ogg sounds fine to me . 
  virtualbox 's seamless mode . 
  i really hope this wo n't ruin the pc version ... 
  amd was selling half-broken quads ( and sometimes hexacores ) as dual , and triple-core cpu 's for more income . 
  sometimes the demand for triple/dual cores was bigger so they just disabled cores on better chips . 
  kde , but using gnome because it has better audio configuration in my experience . 
  answered . 
  tfw mod fucks up, 
  yeah , but i like to use the software that comes with the de ... 
  i know , quite a stupid reason to choose my de, 
  rip, 
  geforce exp is n't on linux .
