  on mobile , ca n't . 
  yay . 
  never got into skyrim , or any other bethesda game . 
  dunno why . 
  i like it . 
  my previous ikea chair though , which was a 40 $ piece of shit , made my ass hurt constantly . 
  my r9 290 had coil whine . 
  i only noticed it after a year of using because it was n't very loud , and it does n't even bother me much . 
  currently using an r9 nano , no noticeable coil whine either . 
  i 've had no issues with the calculator app . _ . 
  it loads fast enough if you ask me . 
  so ms is now deciding what you can and ca n't uninstall ? 
  mousepad firmware ? 
  oh nice , archive.is is finally available in finland . 
  i ca n't even pause mine lel, 
  i should go back to 8.1 . 
  8.1 is really good tbh . 
  faster than 7 , among other things . 
  this is why people are trying to push linux . 
  to keep pc open , goddammit . 
  will they all have wheel support ? 
  hope my g27 works , do n't wan na buy an xbox-compatible wheel . 
  i would n't oc over 4.5 ghz on that board . 
  if person has one . 
  i do n't :(, 
  of course none of them work on mobile app . 
  but you pay $ 10 more for a better brand . 
  data usage is n't an issue for me though . 
  you should have blocked it from doing so then . 
  thanks for reminding me how badly i need to clean mine . 
  literally 10 times more than me . 
  and i 'm still shit at the game . 
  but no realistic mud physics :(, 
  disable turbocore ? 
  athlon x4 860k would be a fine cpu for that . 
  as for theater software , ca n't go wrong with kodi, 
  core duo t2500 in my second pc xp, 
  is it worth the 55 $ for someone who uses an xbox 360 controller rarely ? 
  yet tf2 runs like shit on my laptop . 
  considering it 's an nvidia card , it 'd work fine on linux . 
  but no mini-itx motherboards for that . 
  usually htpcs are mitx . 
  does n't interfere for me . 
  nano, 
  damn , that 's really well made . 
  only part i do n't like is those keyboard switches . 
  matrox should get into high-end gpus . 
  intel drivers suck ? 
  not on linux from what i 've heard . 
  hope the new driver model finally fixes everything . 
  amd open-source drivers are really good though , atleast when it comes to stability . 
  fglrx has weird issues , including : ugly-ass tearing , maxed gpu usage when running chrome ( at least on my 4k panel ) , lockups ( rarely though ), 
  stupid question . 
  r9 390x or r9 fury for someone who plays at 1080p ? 
  friend 's gtx 780 fried recently , needs a new gpu , max 600 $ . 
  mine is tier 3 :(, 
  you can cap fps from radeon settings , even per-game if you want . 
  ( different cap for every game , or global if you want ), 
  nvidia wants to build a wall ? 
  how good are das keyboards compared to ducky ? 
  nobody else uses my pc anyway . 
  xfx 390x is on sale , only 50 $ extra compared to an msi 390 . 
  i recommended him the fury in case he wants to upgrade to 1440p or 4k . 
  i 'd like one of those old mac pros . 
  would be nice as a server . 
  they look so sexy . 
  just stay on systemd . 
  huge hassle to change to openrc from what i heard . 
  i thought they are included in the kernel and user does n't need to do jack shit . 
  nvidia exclusive stuff that some people care about for some reason . 
  4k beast in a tiny package . 
  230v masterrace, 
  i got mine to 4.7 ghz with 1.368 v, 
  what i did :, 
  1 ) find out max voltage cooler can handle, 
  2 ) crank up multi until it crashes, 
  shame i traded it away :(, 
  new owner ( good friend of mine ) got it to 5ghz with a dark rock pro 3, 
  whiney windows users that do n't wan na upgrade from their gtx furnace cards . 
  did you try lowering tessellation ? 
  i heard hairworks uses unnecessarily high amounts of it . 
  g602 , 1500dpi , sensitivity in tf2 is 3, 
  it should be off by default . 
  i can click small buttons just fine without it . 
  desktop usage is much more difficult for me with it on , whatever input device i use . 
  nano owner here , can confirm . 
  but also performs much better in 4k . 
  try playing gta v with a 970 on very high settings and keeping over 50 fps . 
  but why are you using msaa at 4k ? 
  it literally drops framerate in half . 
  i tried 2x msaa , got 36 fps . 
  he said supercomputer , not server . 
  comes with pro too . 
  you can use a live linux disc for that . 
  who has time for that . 
  i just leave mine turned on . 
  a user should n't need to turn off auto-update just to avoid updating os version . 
  i think you can still roll back to 7 from settings . 
  what ? 
  why would crossfire require a cpu swap .
