  it is the greatest crime of our time . 
  but the jews should have offered themselves to the butcher 's knife . 
  they should have thrown themselves into the sea from cliffs . 
  as it is , they succumbed anyway in their millions . '', 
   do n't be fooled . 
  the eu is unpopular in so much of europe precisely because it does not speak for the people it purports to represent . 
  he might want to give an explanation why every eu country besides greece views the eu favourably and not a single country wants to leave . 
  apparently not . 
  the number does n't mean they were sexually abused . 
  there was a system of violence that was considered normal which makes believable in my opinion . 
  that was denied even before the article was written . 
   in order to achieve such a number it would have to be group well , no shit . 
  the final report concludes that the brother of the former pope who managed the domspatzen knew about it and tried to keep it under the rug . 
  change anyone 's mind ? 
  \u2764 the uk is getting that sovereignty and europe is getting jobs . 
  it 's a win win situation . 
   it was the largest black bloc event in history , mainly because the authorities did n't take it seriously . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's just ridiculous . 
  they had 20 thousand police officers there just for g20 . 
  they even asked austria for help during the preparations who sent their cobra anti terror unit . 
   g20 the same g20 that always ends up as a magnet for international radical protesters unless it is hold in a police state ? 
  among the arrested were french , greece and spainish people . 
  that 's a bad comparison unless you can prove such things would n't have happened in poland . 
   the new volksverhetzungs law the spd pushed though begs to differ . 
  that 's a great example . 
  like many other laws say the data retention one it will end bevor the supreme court and hopefully will be declared unconditional . 
  the important thing is that each decision was respected by the government instead of trying to `` reform '' the court . 
  i do n't remember germans protesting against something similar ? 
  as a matter of fact our government does n't try to become russia2 . 
  and why exactly would it be needed ? 
  that stupid quote will haunt us for years . 
  banking jobs in dublin , paris and frankfurt . 
  samsung hq in berlin . 
  turns out brexit is great for the economy after all . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  that shit is from the stone age compared to our reichsflugscheibe though . 
  germany is n't signing new deals and the arms export is down too besides an increasing market . 
   the report noted that germany 's arms exports in the five-year period from 2012-2016 dropped by 36 percent in comparison with the preceding five years . 
  it was nevertheless the fifth largest exporter of weapons in the world , behind china in third and and france in fourth . 
   germany 's government pledged in 2013 to reduce its arms exports , and pieter wezeman , an expert at sipri , told the local that government policy was likely to have had some effect in pushing down arms sales . 
  but you 're right . 
  we 're hypocrites until the last contract has run out . 
   mon mar 14 , 2016 that 's more than a year old . 
  that 's 2017 :  `` we will not cause any more problems for the german government with new requests for weapons , we accept the german reticence with regard to exports to saudi arabia ; we know the political background , '' saudi deputy economy minister mohammed al-tuwaijri told the magazine . 
   `` relations with germany are much more important to us than arguing about weapons deals , '' he said . 
  sometimes there 's a sign , usually there 's nothing . 
  aka [ erich 's lamp shop ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/pdr_34.jpg ), 
  how would he be any scottish growing up in germany besides the name ? 
  so you would n't consider the former prime minister of lower saxony [ david mcallister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_mcallister ) german because his father is scotish ? 
  germany as founded by prussia is something based on identity , not ethnicity . 
  200 years ago people would have laughed at you for calling them german . 
  also the prussian kings invited refugees from all over europe . 
  there 's no such thing as a prussian ethnicity . 
  prussia was based on identity , not ethnicity . 
   physical_removal you might want to register as an extremist at the police too . 
  i heard you even get a cookie for it . 
  `` german '' is an artifical construct invented by internationalist cabalists like bismarck trying to take away our culture and form a super state called `` germany '' . 
  people are either bavarian , saxon or prussian . 
  stop trying to make `` german '' a thing . 
  i have nothing in common with someone from northern germany besides the language . 
  they even took away our passports and introduced a `` german '' one to get people to believe their lie . 
  thanks, 
  brown people ca n't be swedish ? 
  why would n't you do that anyway ? 
  it 's okay and cool that those ngos save drowning people . 
  but they do n't have a right to ship people to europe . 
  the cross up there was donated by the british . 
   `` hungary understands what last year 's terrible attack on turkey democracy was . 
  we have to stand beside turkey in the fight against terrorism in order to protect its stability . 
  we must respect turkey 's fight against terrorism to protect its national security '' oh boy . 
   concerned about their countries being overrun by human trash hmm , as far i as remember poles are second in line after turkish regarding foreign criminals in germany . 
  the german expert group for moral things already concluded that both things should be legal too . 
  you ca n't ban incest when people with other diseases have a way higher chances of having ill children . 
  it happened in the live stream after the result came in . 
  you could probably find on their homepage . 
  just lol , still using this debunked `` study '' from 2012 in 2017 . 
  yes , obviously they 're all pro-gay , pro-sharia and anti-luxembourg . 
   cdu member of the parliament : we do n't need gay marriage because registered life partnership gives the exact same rights besides adoption rights and the names . 
   phoenix journalist : how can you say it 's the same and then name two differences in the same sentence ? 
  \u2764 phoenix \u2764, 
  that was the exact same consideration regarding those rockers . 
  it ended with them using hand grenades and other shit . 
  criminals will be criminals . 
  organised crime arrests in germany 2015 : * lithuania ( 946 ) * turkey ( 897 ) * poland ( 472 ) * romania ( 295 ) * italy ( 260 ) lithuania must be either the powerhouse of organised crime in europe or they 're only sending idiots to germany . 
  the mafia basically uses germany as one giant safe space where they try to keep it quiet and invest their money . 
  especially in those parts of germany where people are happy about the money and do n't ask too many questions . 
  italy has been asking germany to introduce anti-mafia laws for decades but nothing happened . 
   weapons which are quite easy to obtain . 
  a school attacker in germany went to eastern europe trying to get a gun and while it 's `` quite easy '' to do he was n't able to get one . 
  so in the end he used an axe and killed exactly 0 persons . 
   i got spat on by a muslim in paris who called me infidel . 
  stop making things up like a child . 
   some random funk blog https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutschlandfunk, 
  yes , some of the comments are stupid but again you can find those about any other country too . 
  ( stupid greeks , stupid sweds , stupid england ) . 
  poland is n't getting singled out there in my opinion . 
  articles like that are n't an attack on your country i just ca n't understand why you would take it that personal . 
  you can find many articles on / r/europe about germans too : [ a german neo-nazi group breaks into a concert in mallorca ( spain ) screaming `` foreigners out '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6gqzv8/a_german_neonazi_group_breaks_into_a_concert_in/ ), 
  oh come one . 
  nowhere did i blame poland for what happened .
