  ( i actually checked my comments ! ), 
  i 've been to ~ ~ eastern ~ ~ central europe a few times and i always got along well with the people and enjoyed the culture . 
  poland still seems to have the mentality that literally everyone and especially germany is out to get you and that you 're the victim of a giant conspiracy which is n't true . 
  some of the behaviour of germany especially regarding refugees is stupid , short sighted and arrogant though . 
  the story would be news if it happened in the uk or any other country too and it 's not just anti-eastern euro propaganda . 
  it 's true that we should wait for more evidence but that 's true for pretty much every story like that . 
   these little cunts should be slapped and spit on for making up lies . 
  reminds me of :  people that say islam is n't peacful should be beheaded !, 
  it 's already happening !, 
   runaway german holocaust denier seeks asylum in hungary https://global.handelsblatt.com/politics/runaway-german-holocaust-denier-seeks-asylum-in-hungary-765847, 
  ah , i had more the `` well probably they were assholes to the locals '' excuse in mind . 
  nothing about israel itself . 
  yes , or people could not spit on girls . 
  is that so controversial ? 
   if i get spat on in germany will the information end up in the public media as well ? 
  [ 5 month sentence for spiting on doctor from cameroon ] ( http://www.maz-online.de/brandenburg/mann-aus-oranienburg-bespuckt-und-beleidigt-notarzt-aus-kamerun-und-wird-nun-zu-fuenfmonatiger-bewaehrungsstrafe-verurteilt ) http://www.bz-berlin.de/berlin/friedrichshain-kreuzberg/kreuzberg-mann-antisemitisch-beleidigt-und-angespuckt http://www.faszination-fankurve.de/index.php?head=szenekundigen-beamten-angespuckt-haftstrafe&amp;folder=sites&amp;site=news_detail&amp;news_id=15399 http://www.bz-berlin.de/tatort/auf-kinder-uriniert-jetzt-spricht-einer-der-beteiligten i could go on but i have better things to do . 
  great for you that you 're standing up against racism !, 
  you 're right , deutschlandfunk is the primary source which is even more trustworthy . 
  same class went to israel before where they did n't encounter any problems . 
  those 2800 $ would be around the lowest wage for a skilled worker with an apprenticeship . 
  unskilled worker would earn less and around those mentioned 2200 $ . 
  it might be possible that all those jobs ( mostly logistics ) are done by subcontractors . 
  how 's the economy going ? 
  how on earth is the international pug meeting not fun ? 
   july 1 , 2016 god , even you should know that number is bullshit by now . 
  that was a calculation based on an assumption that 1 million additional refugees would arrive in germany in 2016 and 2017 and 300 to 500 thousand every other year . 
  if you quote those 20 billion euros why do n't you mention that 7 billions of that was spent on fighting migration ? 
   the country in question would have to ask brussels for permission to fight back . 
  yes , that 's exactly how it 's going to work . 
  furthermore the eu is going to require that all weapons are painted in rainbow flags in order to show we 're okay with lgbt rights . 
  there was a pretty cool interview with the women that created that mosque . 
  she said that they are n't breaking any law in the quran and all the haters should read the book better . 
  also she got lots of support and visitors from other european countries and they plan to open more mosques like that edit : yet the only thing the media talks about is the backlash against it . 
  maybe we should support the kind of islam we can live with . 
  printed version of the faz if a remember it correctly . 
  there was an article in a german newspaper that italy should be seen as a role model in how to fight terrorism . 
  they are experienced due to the fight against the mafia and deport islamists straightaway instead of years later . 
  why is it hard to believe that people would work for less than the local minimum wage if it 's still more than the minimum wage at home ? 
  sensible legislation would even increase the incentives for companies to move their production to countries like poland . 
  they could be sent as contractors and therefore undermine the minimum wage in poland . 
  would be pretty shitty for people in poland though . 
  there millions of people from eastern europe working all around europe without that nonsense . 
  so you pick out a single course ( ermarghered gender ) and you ignore : * business analytics * environmental sciences and policy * mathematics and its applications * master of business administration * ms in finance * ms in it management . 
  * international business law * executive master of business administration * international executive mba * economics * network science * legal studies what kind of economy is hungary based on that does n't need those degrees ? 
  yes , soros is the jewish devil in person and his university was trying to spoil the minds of young people . 
  he was even offering business degrees !, 
  orban is the modern defender of europe and is only having good things in mind !, 
  he got a new one that made him stop any communication with his sons . 
  she even sent them away when they came to the house after he passed away . 
  asking for a fair distribution = do n't want syrians in germany ? 
  no relocation of refugees against the will of eu countries . 
  what she was trying to say was that it would be more attractive to refugees * and * eu countries if they were relocated in bulk in rural areas . 
  le pen , frauke . . why are right wingers so criminal ? 
  yes because sufis who praise allah with dancing and singing are into that . 
  freedom  civilisation just like the americans today . 
  she hated kohl and kohl hated her . 
  have all german diplomats in saudi arabia walk around naked for a week . 
  * that * will teach them . 
  this is n't only your country . 
  the german government always raises the moral card and yet we 're among the leading countries selling surveillance technology to regimes . 
  i do n't think that 's fair :  the facts about sartre are these : he attacked the soviet invasion of hungary in 1956 , supported israel when it was denounced by soviet propaganda after the 1967 war and in the 70 's expressed nothing short of the most '' solid '' contempt and hatred for the russian and french communist parties . 
  absolute numbers are down too . 
  [ german source ] ( http://m.tagesspiegel.de/wirtschaft/sinkender-bierkonsum-in-deutschland-durststrecke-fuer-heimische-brauereien/12132420.html ) how are muslims causing that ? 
  are you serious ? 
  first of all please give an explanation why alcohol consumption should go down due to immigration . 
  you realise that the alcohol consumption in absolute numbers does n't decrease if you add some non-alcohol drinkers , right ? 
  second of all alcohol consumption decreased something like 20 % while the muslim population in germany is at 5.7 % . 
  please explain that too . 
  that comments like that get upvoted proves that our societies are failing at education . 
  5.7 % of germans are muslims ( many who drink alcohol ) and that 's your explanation for the alcohol consumption going down something like 20 % ? 
  mathematics . 
  go figure it out . 
  so you 're at least 50 % german . 
  could you bring us some of that cool culture like queuing ? 
  leave that other stuff at the door though . 
  [ because they do n't have measuring tape that 's 8m long ] ( https://youtu.be/bea6v6ivfys?t=50s ), 
  which debt ? 
  are you talking about the 2 % spending goal by 2024 ? 
  we 're in 2017 right now . 
  seeing people argue comment after comment with executivemonkey is the best thing . 
  so you found a single `` polnische lager '' and with that you conclude there 's a conspiracy in germany to tell everyone the death camps were polish . 
  we learn every single detail about the holocaust in school . 
  nobody is taught the camps were polish that 's just ridiculous . 
  what you try to imply is as wrong as it could be and frankly just sad that you actually believe that about germany . 
  no it does n't suggest that ? 
  it can just as well mean they were only on polish soil . 
   after austria was annexed to germany in march 1939 , the polish government was afraid that the approximately 20,000 austrian jews with polish citizenship would flee back to poland . 
  it thus suspended the validity of all polish passports whose holders had been abroad for more than five years . 
  this law took effect on 31 march 1938 , but it was only after the munich agreement that a decree was issued allowing the passports of all poles living abroad to be checked . 
  after 31 october 1938 the holders of polish passports issued abroad were only allowed on to polish territory if their passports contained a special note made by polish consulates . 
  in this way , most of the 50,000 polish jews settled in germany would lose their state citizenship overnight . 
   after german-polish talks failed , the german foreign ministry handed over the whole affair to the gestapo , which on 27 october 1938 started forcibly deporting polish jews over the polish border . 
  in some places only the men were deported , since the nazis expected they would be joined by their wives and children all the same , while in other places women and children were deported as well . 
  those arrested included old people , some of whom died during deportation . 
  there were also suicides . 
  the arrested jews were forced , through threats and violence , to illegally cross the border with poland . 
  in all , approximately 17,000 people were expelled in this way . 
  however , the polish authorities refused to accept them , and so most of them had to live for many long weeks in no man 's land , or the polish border area . 
  in most cases they were driven into the surroundings of the polish towns of zbaszyn and bytom . 
  in zbaszyn , according to various sources , between six and ten thousand jews gathered in the space of a few days .
