  the french won the measurement war , just like the english won the language war . 
  i am not a fan of the imperial system but both are only units of measurement . 
  scale is arbitrary , anyway a mile is as fixed as a km . 
  and he will just be used as scapegoat by countries , unless there is fiscal transfer . 
  i like to think that someone voted for brexit exactly for this reason . 
  many people in the west unfortunately believe they have nothing to lose . 
  stability , at least some functioning government , and even rule of law are been taken for granted, 
  i think that just your hopes and desired outcome . 
  le pen is unlikely and these events are barely related . 
  that is so cool . 
  when i think germany i think merkel . 
  it would be weird if there is a new chancellor . 
  how i thought schultz overtook merkel ? 
  very reassuring . 
  we need 2017 to be a better year than 2016 for the world . 
  just checked on wikipedia . 
  interesting !, 
  is the isle of part f the uk ? , do you guys have mep and how did he vote . 
  and majority of people outside of reddit do n't care much about privacy as long as they `` feel '' it makes them secure . 
  and it is because of austerity and german budget policies that saved bond markets which kept interests on geverment debt low . 
  people ignore that cost of debt service is important too . 
  in times of crises people do n't act rationally . 
  also in this scenario did they account for how the bond markets react . 
  borrowing costs would have been different . 
  include us we are terrorized by ausies , poms and rapey sheep . 
  total for goods only, 
  and we have some fine wine if you 're interested . 
  i would wait house prices are said to fall this year in the uk . 
  scotland gdp is probably worth 230billion so it would work . 
  that and strong domestic economy . 
  no they export about 500billion worth that alot it their imports that is the problem . 
  also trade account 17 % of the gdb so not that important to their economy . 
  they have strong domestic economy . 
  their oversized deficit is caused by oversized imports . 
  which would reduce imports and trade deficit . 
  also what do you mean nothing much they expert around 500billion worth . 
  imports are the problem weak pound would help reduce imports because it is unaffordable . 
  the pound can not sustain that level of trade imbalance . 
  trade imbalances are sustainable if it is around 2 % . 
  i just ca n't see eu and uk reaching a deal . 
  that would reduce exports but also imports significantly because pound weakness , eu products would be unaffordable . 
  food and everything else , it is a small island that is densely populated . 
  and strong currency . 
  less trade with the eu . 
  pound parity or bellow dollar should help . 
  that is offensive , i am an honourable commoner . 
  air pollution from the uk used to cause acid rain in scandinavia . 
  if you consider the wind direction this is unlikely . 
  the uk starts all the cool trends ^ / s, 
  i think south european men are more attractive . 
  the gloves are falling of . 
  hnot that bad actually, 
  merkel will out last everyone . 
  i am also not prepared to trust british media , especially murdock owned ones . 
  i all forms , the us has clean air relative to the rest of the world . 
  air pollution, 
  they are scum but say it in a politically appreciate manner . 
  i expect all professionals to act professional politicians included . 
  ^ winston ^ ^ peters, 
  truth . 
  but this not appropriate for a national politician . 
  the us gdp is very impressive even in the south, 
  butin and may with turkey join in the `` fun '' . 
  it 1:31 am tuesday here in the future . 
  enjoy your monday . 
  well i am sorry if i offended you . 
  what is happening to labour parties world wide.nz labour is set to lose it 's fourth election this year . 
  the british labour is a mess . 
  i know they are not all related but it is fascinating . 
  europe = continent yorop = eu that is how i see . 
  but britain is not part of yorop . ^ ^ brexit, 
  annexation is the only way to go . 
  do it . 
  but scotland exports 4 times more the ruk compared with tge eu . 
  and they have lage deficit of upto 15 % their gdb larger greece . 
  the uk also has very small reserve of about 50billion scotland 's share is is about 10 % of that which means they can sustain currency for hours at most ( remember what soros did to emr when he crushed the pound ) . 
  like always a deal will be rached around august . 
  before that there will alot of can kicking and game of chicken . 
  but she is not imperial , she is uk commissioner in the eu . 
  i get you point , it does not however justify your overreaction . 
  no , america stoped russian expansion beyond barlin wall , marshall plan , nato , the defeat of ussr , etc. 
  america has been a extremely good and reliable partner for europe for the past 70 years . 
  dont forget what europe did to it self before 1945 . 
  and do n't forget reunification of germany , the uk and many other were against it . 
  i do n't like defending us but i understand / r/jimba22 sentiment . 
  post war europe exists partly because of the us.that is a fact . 
  it is more of click bait they had these kind of headlines in summer 2016 in for the uk . 
  the is a limit on what governments can do . 
  there will always be some who fall through these cracks . 
  is homelessness huge in german cities ? 
  it seems useless ? 
  i do feel bad for the greek people not their government . 
  i actually always liked to browse wikipedia to look at the gdp standing of eu . 
  not european , but i root for eu against us and china . 
  i also like british politics : /, 
  the economy is hardly a priority for the government . 
  they are looking for a quick exit and would tolerate some economic swings . 
  i am still not convinced that theresa wants to get `` best possible deal '' that leaves britain close to europe . 
  brexit is geopolitical and the eu is no longer a pilar of british foreign policy . 
  may recognizes that .
