  maybe do n't just look at the headlines and hot air . 
  the us is not dragging anyone . 
  the rest of the world is doing nothing other than lame talk . 
  shit i do n't even love america but i do n't like the mob mentality . 
  even in nz there are people who like to bash america with little knowledge and understanding . 
  i mean we shit talk ausies but it is always jealousy + love thing . 
  poverty relative to american income which is the highest in the world . 
  i would rether be poor than in most of the world . 
  / r/europe does n't understand . 
  it a threat to hard farming families . 
  yeah the government is no longer subsidizing rich families not paying into the grid how terrible . 
  the uk has small carbon footprint for developed [ country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions_per_capita ) . 
  solar is also stupid in a cloudy uk, 
  anti-americanism is cool here, 
  lol your fantasies are cute . 
  yeah 20trillion economy , third of the world 's wealth , highest median income . 
  half of the world 's innovation and subsiding defense of europe sucks . 
  true, 
  we will still be irrelevant so no change . 
  glad my country is not strong enough to fuck the whole planet . 
  fuck you merkel is a respectable leader . 
  and world treasure . 
  maybe not white enough to some people, 
  tony looking shady cunt as always . 
  man i love that guy . 
  no shit is all right most people have a comfortable life `` freedom '' never existed anywhere will never exist adults should not have childish believes . 
  and clearly it is not that important . 
  there is nothing called `` freedom '' countries put necessary limits on all kind of stuff to make society . 
  for germany those laws are important to keep it functioning . 
  and not repeat the past . 
  there is no `` free world '' . 
  freedom is subject and hard to measure . 
  most people in the world are free , this is western centric ( i do n't have any problem with it ) . 
  if there is one it is donny . 
  the us and germany are not comparable . 
  germany as we know it now only exists because of the us . 
  an incompetent useless us president is still not comparable to a regional power . 
  irishtimes is british ? 
  no vote before brexit . 
  it just angery kids regular school shooting calm your tits, 
  classic bit no plans for brexit nice, 
  the thing is their news is in english so you hear pretty much everything that is going on there even the embarrassing stuff more than others and their media is on another level crazy . 
  it is the most likely outcome . 
  my english teacher is polish , with a beautiful accent i sometimes wonder what she thinks of donald tusk , it would be weird to . 
  poland again stealing britain 's job of being the lovely cunt in the group . 
  wtf are you comparing brexit and the wars and the suffering of tje past . 
  are we part of north hemisphere . 
  poor south sea is ded north sea should be afraid . 
  but the uk has culture based more on class than other countries which talked about in the media more . 
  the north sea might dissappear with few more years of duch assult . 
  jealousy is never good his country is very competitive good at what they do . 
  the endicators and what really happens are totally different the drop is hard data wait for the reading of first quarter gdp . 
  it could definitely be one month noise or not . 
  there is a thing called the economic cycle sooner or later germany 's economy will weaken . 
  the surplus is unsustainable , weak domestic demand and total reliance on exports are also unsustainable . 
  china is pushing it 's own domestic market , the us is whining about germany . 
  though it all about timing we could have a macron france with strong economy and maybe the rest of ez pullig it weight being more competitive and less pressure on germany . 
  but germany has to stay strong in the near future for the good of ez and maybe the world . 
  and now the us is bigger even before the uk leaves . 
  [ it us because you do n't want to look for it ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-03-07/german-factory-orders-slump-most-since-2009-on-investment-goods ), 
  of course they have a different perspective on europe . 
  europeans , canadians , ausies and us nzers are also very ignorant about the us . 
  the people have strong sense of superiority fueled by jealousy when it comes to us that is not based on reality and adorably delusional . 
  at this point it only them pricing out each other . 
  auckland is in the same price range of vancouver anyway . 
  considering trump and russia i thought eu and china would be natural allies . 
  at least they tolerate us nzers , we sell them non contaminated milk and provide rich chinese refuge . 
  edit : the eu is a geopolitical ( at least trade ) supper power so it is different of course . 
  europe should be making friends the chinese century is upon us . 
  not to the victims of ira . 
  tell me the historical context of paris attacks or the nice truck . 
  there is non because both of them are senseless act of violence against large group of people . 
  the sunnis ca n't get what they want through political means either . 
  same shit . 
  i would the same as paris atacks by isis . 
  they were terrorist . 
  the word is not just for muslims ira were catholic terorists isis are a sunni terrorist group . 
  especially the americans with 1/658 irish ancestry . 
  isis also does try not to cause huge damages in sunni communities . 
  the difference between the ira and isis is the skin colour, 
  her marmalade brexit strategy was nice . 
  shut you r mouth, 
  lol nice just do n't be the wrong european ( turkey , russia and uk ) then you will be fine . 
  reality is the enemy of demagogues . 
  what has uk ever done to ireland apart from 800 years of oppression and famine ? 
  but we also want the world to burn . 
  cheer up ,, 
  plenty of countries have nukes doof . 
  i ca n't blame them , they do n't have the best neighbours . 
  it about time we had war in europe anyway . 
  the uk is going for wto rules anyway , why bother paying large sum of maney to an eu that is hostile and out for revenge . 
  andrea whatever her last name was . 
  theresa will go the day she pisses of the europhopes in her party . 
  it is still a better situation than paying up and still havig the `` cliff edge '' . 
  hahah good idea . 
  and then how will you deal daily mail and the sun . 
  they will bring theresa down she has no choice . 
  hahaha, 
  it is the eu which is demanding payment with nothing in return . 
  what do you mean ?
