why is estonia low , it is odd . 
  bigotry comes in all sexuality it seems . 
  cheers mate . 
  the world loves germans, 
  by saying populist stuff that are popular in germany . 
  they would if barlin threatens to take essex . 
  it would net positive if they were dead considering the age . 
  it will not go and spain needs to stop interfering and mind its own business . 
  the uk have to make it clear it will defend its territory . 
  you ca n't tell them what to do !, 
  and some powerful people in the tory party and eu leaders who had enough of the uk want it to fail . 
  wto is the only way this will go i can smell it . 
  most are privileged hetros of course . 
  there is nothing more important than not treating part of society as second class . 
  if hetros marry other people should be allowed too . 
  and germany has unfair adoption low for lgtb + people . 
  nah it will cause scotland to leave that must be worth it, 
  but muh rebate, 
  it is not about trade . 
  it is about politics , culture and everything else . 
  do n't worry the duch will build you a superior island naighbour . 
  that is not how foreign relations work . 
  cameron failing to get the parliament to back him on syria derailed obama objectives on syrian war the whole dynamics of it . 
  obama was dovish in syria in after that which is very is important because it would have turned very differently . 
  the the uk is a reliable partner for the us . 
  i really hate the knees comparison because it more complex then that . 
  countries maintain relationships that are useful to them and it is not a zero sum game . 
  nukes are n't sexy and the uk will look more like the pathetic north korea if it tries to use them . 
  they do n't but it is important to understand the role of the us defense and how important it is for the uk . 
  americans will put boots on the ground to protect the uk . 
  the eu made it clear understandably that the uk is not their business anymore . 
  controled by the us the uk would be turned into uninhabitable muddy little island if you try . 
  yeah like the uk he is a threat, 
  european politics is providing me all the exitement i want . 
  i am not smart i am just enjoying the shit show and shitposting my opinions . 
  no i am just amused by the eu 's incompetence in geopolitics . 
  the eu is extremely competent in trade and had a lot of potential in geopolitics . 
  the eu is making trumps biggest mistake piss of all your naighbours . 
  it is already losing turkey to russia . 
  and all of that is fine as long as you are prepared for the consequences , just do n't expect others to tolerate it . 
  i do n't think the eu is prepared . 
  the media is making it hard for theresa to compromise . 
  the eu is not weak , they are just entitled . 
  they want the us to protect them . 
  the eu funds kurds while expecting turkey to keep all refugees etc. 
  the uk should not waste resources on hostile countries . 
  exiting without a deal is the best . 
  the eu already decided it out for blood anyway, 
  the eu ca n't do anything . 
  britain is going out without a deal anyway there is no reason to play the cop for a hostile group of countries . 
  the right of the tories will bush for no deal anyway . 
  lol, 
  eu countries need to understand they ca n't cherry pick which type of cooperation it has with the uk . 
  germany real europe the uk like turkey = europe ? 
  i guess it is the mentality , germany is position in the heart/centre of europe while britain is the opposite and is on the edges like turkey . 
  they also overestimate how wide the english channel . 
  i do n't think germany and the uk share anything in common imo . 
  i hope she out lives you . 
  no surprise, 
  wtf wrong with poland always stealing uk 's dick moves . 
  i think it will be better for ruk if scotland goes . 
  less deficit to deal with less uncertainty . 
  not for long, 
  scotland 's waters *, 
  this is perfect . 
  haha i have been saying this in / r/eu for long time . 
  america is actually nice and has problems like all other countries . 
  that is what they want you to think . 
  the uk should n't annoy erdogan . 
  do you want to go through what netherlands dealt with . 
  i am a naughty boy finland . 
  ^ pls ^ notice ^ me, 
  that sounds worse, 
  wow, 
  southern europe best europe . 
  it irritates me that you have a swedish flag flair . 
  i take back tiny bit of my love to swedes earlier, 
  they were vile earlier . 
  / r/uk and / r/europe are transphopic but still not as disgusting as/r/news and / r/ukpolitics ( when trans people are mentioned ) at least, 
  what did trans people do in sweden that caused harm ? 
  lack of compassion like sweden . 
  / r/europe is full of transphobes then, 
  transphobes are out in force it seems , reddit is very transphopic . 
  sweden rocks . 
  transphopia is disgusting . 
  i love sweden so much . 
  the rest of the world should be ashamed . 
  i afraid mods are our only saviors . 
  tell me it is going to be ok . 
  i think it would sound better in russian . 
  i literally ca n't even *, 
  do n't burst his bubble . 
  the us spend more in entitlements than the whole the german gdp . 
  lel you make so many assumptions . 
  i do n't have any english in me and the english are smug about america . 
  lol no the us emissions have being going down and they took many actions they are not perfect just like other countries . 
  australia is devoloped it still destroying ecosystems like there is no tomorrow with mining , nz has 90 % of it 's rivers polluted . 
  meat consumed is the biggest contributor to climate change no and no country is taking steps to improve that . 
  the us should stop its climate change denial and contribute more but it is not responsible for the rest of the world . 
  china is doing more pollution than ever , germany is building coal power station to fill the gap left by nuclear .
