  germany is one of the few countries in the world with < 30 % of population 65 + years . 
  just a thought . 
  you are not fun :p, 
  but norway has a huge reserve , which invests across europe that is a powerful levrage . 
  and i expect norway is not as vilified as the uk so they might get a deal . 
  but the blond hair : /, 
  our politics is so boring , he will not fit in . 
  i was n't serious , but i hope the situation is resolved soon . 
  kicking the can every few years is not good for the euro and greese, 
  what if greece joins germany as a state . 
  it is time for debt forgiveness . 
  glorious , you are welcome to invade new zealand . 
  this is chicago level violence has to stop . 
  gun control now, 
  to be fair to him maybe he is referring to huge economic impact that would have . 
  `` plan '', 
  well there is alot of political uncertainty , at least enough to disrupt that relation though . 
  people need to feel the eu is indeed in control to defeat populists . 
  the dax and the economic strength of the eurozone are not related . 
  for the euro you need to account for dragi and the ecb 's supportive monetary policy ( qe ) . 
  switzerland , paris , and south england too . 
  it could be more effective than you realise, 
  british media is very lacking of standards . 
  woah does spain has a king and president ? 
  but all the legal stuff is taking ages and they were not planning for the possibility of brexit . 
  i always thought he was german . 
  til, 
  i do n't think they wan na risk it , but hey who knows ? 
  the whole of eu is at denger from le pen, 
  i do n't think donie tactics are going to work for her . 
  i hope it does n't . 
  ok poland , but this is a little too much . 
  yeah america can tolerate eu that is less staple and dependent on it is protection . 
  i am not surprised by the uk and the netherlands they had austerity . 
  did n't they confirm they are going to leave ema recently . 
  americans i know are very dramatic , and i do n't mean it in a negative way either . 
  i am now picturing america as the `` fierce '' woman in facebook . 
  2 years to go now !, 
  zhc account for 3 % to 4 % i think . 
  but it could also bring europe together germany 's strength in is more structural and years of good policy and reforms . 
  trump team tantrums and incompetence are getting ugly and dengerous . 
  not cute any more donald . 
  you ca n't change geography, 
  the eu should be building relations with china because of trump and not agitate but at least kudos for having moral compass , unlike the theresa may . 
  the government has little choice . 
  the eu wants to sideline the uk in the short term for a political reason , aligning with the us is advantageous . 
  in addition , they have a trade surplus with the us and economically it 's a large developed market.i am not even british but this is an ok move by thresa . 
  times change , countries adapt , and time moves on . 
  do n't live in the past friend . 
  there is nothing called equal partner as long as there is shared interest being the bitch is no problem as long as there is something to be gained . 
  the us is the world 's only superpower , currently the uk 's interests are more aligned with the us ( from brexit britain perspective ) , with all the talk of punishment in the eu it is only natural alliance the uk has . 
  the us accounts for 75 % of canada 's export market , and trade is mostly determined by geography . 
  canada is too reliant on america i am afraid same position as the uk 's relation with the eu . 
  violent crime is recorded differently and ca n't be compared between countries . 
  the map and the table are not on same scale, 
  theresa has to chose between short to medium term economic hardship with no strings attached or good economy with many strings attached to eu which you are no longer able to influence . 
  nationalism, 
  i know it is not all about bride but the reality is both sides do n't have common interest anymore . 
  and it will be driven more by sentiment then economics . 
  optimistic much . 
  i think you underestimate how little there is appetite to compromise from both sides . 
  and european union is feeling good about its self at the moment while the british have too much pride to compromise . 
  meh , there is very little chance of the talks not collapsing even if you remove the bill . 
  economies adjust to trade shock . 
  some people mistakenly predicted russian dismissal because of western sanctions, 
  at least they will not be part of it . 
  meanwhile italy ... 
  i can understand why they hate england but not the obsession with england . 
  what are irish times problem and its obsession with england ? 
  did n't ireland gain independent ? , they seem to be suffering small country syndrome worse than any shit talk we do of australia . 
  fingers crossed for the 2018 world cup when portugal is declared champions and the world bows before ronaldo . 
  yeah i thought maybe they will get nill points or the disaster that is germany 6 points . 
  they over performed, 
  i feel left out :(, 
  austria is not even european with their roo and drop bearsm, 
  do n't you bad mouth avril lavigne . 
  2003 best year ever, 
  they were pissed at the the irish not giving them the pitty points, 
  i like portugal with all its sex people especially men are you happy now . 
  to prevent the uk from getting nill points . 
  yes, 
  i miss the days germany had the girl with the cute accent in love love . 
  that is simplistic and unfortunately sad way to view the world . 
  what she did was the right thing at time and admirable . 
  ultimately i think if a country wants to be generous it should be celebrated and admired . 
  ah reddit never fails to bring feminist into any discussion . 
  socially it is more widely accepted for a young female to date older men , and it is mostly due to homophobia and misogyny . 
  i have nothing against masculinity as a male , what i have problems with is fragile masculinity that leads to all shits of problems and chest pumping . 
  toxic masculinity bad for both men and women . 
  that is false the uk is not popular in germany . 
  germany is not well liked in the uk . 
  because geography . 
  britain is in europe and trade is decided by geography mostly . 
  unfortunately for britain they will always have to deal with other european countries even if they do n't like it . 
  british police would watch surveillance video came of you having your heavenly weird fatish shag . 
  and take all your privacy . 
  that is not fair most of the time the public is hard to read and have unrealistic demands that politicians have to meet . 
  i sympathize with the politicians more than the public in most situations . 
  that should be interesting, 
  they are n't making any noise though while brexiteers are in control and running the show .
