  they do n't want to stay in the single market anyway . 
  he is still hot though . 
  france is not poor . 
  and justin just does n't do it for me like macron mmmm . 
  france  canadian vanilla, 
  golden boy is surging . 
  soon france will have president that is enjoyable to look at , 
  classical liberal values on personal freedoms and openness . 
  they are very good, 
  never underestimate the greatness of small dose fiscal conservatism . 
  the whole friendship stuff should n't happen at least in the near future . 
  the uk should look for new partner , the eu is powerful enough to stand alone at the moment but it needs to be diplomatic . 
  it is never good to have all your neighbors hating you ( turkey , russia and maybe uk ) whether it is deserved or not . 
  is n't that the whole point of brexit ? 
  you ca n't breakup and still be friends . 
  delusional much . 
  euro zone economy is strengthening and if macron wins is very positive . 
  remember a strong eurozone economy is good for britain even if there is no deal on brexit . 
  well you have to consider how much of that was eu 's fault . 
  economic downturns is part of the economic cycles of boom and bust and because some countries have structural problems it is more severe . 
  you have to take a holistic view the eu countries would have been weaker individually and in my opinion less stable and more hostile . 
  being in the eu was not a insurance policy , crises happens there are problems but it is much better than the alternative . 
  i do n't defend eu in / r/europe but i had no choice . 
  the way the eu operates has many advantages that improve the quality of life for people . 
  but it is useless because it makes people feel excluded and threatens its existence . 
  people who like the eu only see the upsides of how the eu works because they are invested in it . 
  but most people are not and would happily vote for populist who can point to problems and promise fictional future . 
  branding problems . 
  i mean governments use the eu as scapegoat but the eu should brand itself better . 
  the eu should embrace simplicity in how it works . 
  most people do n't and will not appreciate the complexity , processes and how the eu works . 
  that should upto scotland to decide . 
  yeah it totally fine to call black people niggers just like calling roma people a labal that was used to degrade and dehumanise them . 
  europe should just treat roma people just like the old days by putting them in ovens/s, 
  i do n't think it affects us that much . 
  we are pretty much isolated from the rest of the world . 
  and the uk is not significant market for us anymore since they joined the eu . 
  plus our economy is integrated with asia and australia . 
  financial industry accounts 10 % of the gdp and 70 % of financial services are domestic so maybe do some research before commenting . 
  all eu issues will magically solve themselves , now that the uk left . 
  all countries like poland and hungary will happily share the refugee burden with germany , sweden . 
  countries will reform and be fiscally responsible and not blame the euro and germany for their internal problems ever again . 
  red , blue , white brexit . 
  usa usa, 
  xenophobia and recism seems universal . 
  that is not fun . 
  i want at least some conflict in europe this century . 
  `` gypsies '' are called romani people do you expect people to differentiate tham and ethnic romanians . 
  well gypsies are called roma people which confuses people even more . 
  this sub is very supportive of restricted migration as long as it is non european . 
  the quote is being reported by independent only for clicks . 
  i have veen saying this for months . 
  a deal is unlikely , wto rules is the only realistic solution . 
  she should clarify the cut off day, 
  no , it is only racist when it is against europeans . 
  kickout scotland , form alliance with russia and declare war . 
  what an absolute cunt . 
  yes demographics are important if you want to grow your economy . 
  people have unrealistic view of energy infrastructure . 
  hahah `` child '' irrelevant spare prison incase australia is overcrowded you mean . 
  can you blame him france is sexier than `` european state '' . 
  your thinking is driven by hatred towards the uk , because you 're taking the brexit thing personally . 
  so i see you point . 
  long before there was the catholic exit . 
  well bulgarian are very enlightened people with progress level 132667, 
  yeah without britain the continent would have been one happy glorious family , united in super glorious european state . 
  ** above all ** germany  great britain, 
  you are n't from the uk and isle of man is not part of eu . 
  so the duch stereotypes are true . 
  it is february , feel the love and do n't ruin the fun . 
  he looks like ian duncan smith of britain just younger version . 
  well trade to eu is not 50 % . 
  it is about # 220 billion or 44 % and only accounts for 13 % of uk gdp and only part of that is affected . 
  also , all the imports from eu will be affected . 
  there is zero chance of the bullshit you wrote ever happen . 
  even in worst case scenario is would be a cake walk compared to 2008 crush . 
  [ source ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/uk-eu-trade/ ), 
  well i think this issue will be less friction than the media anticipates.but there are many other issues to be solved because every government has to appear tough to it 's electorate . 
  and many countries are demanding any deal to be significantly more inferior i.e france . 
  also if they can agree on this quickly the process might go smoothly . 
  if not prepared for a nasty breakup . 
  just confirmation . 
  thank you . 
  i have my doubts about the telegraph . 
  can any french person give some insider veiw ? 
  cheers, 
  whatever makes you happy i guess . 
  it is just not hard brexit . 
  i do n't think there is enough goodwill between the uk and eu for there to be a relationship other than wto . 
  after article 50 is triggered prepare for the nastiest breakup in history . 
   meanwhile , 1 foot is 12 inches , 1 yard is 3 feet , 1 mile is ... 1760 yards ? 
  5280 feet ? 
  63360 inches ? 
  you might as well say that 1 mile is `` 63360 potato units '' . _ . . 
  thank god we use metric in physics and maths . 
  no originally and you can also define imperial using speed of light or size of the earth . 
  [ history ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_metre#m.c3.a8tre_des_archives ), 
  well 12 is superior to number 10 mathematically . 
  i do n't think people should abandon things just because they less popular.i do like to preserve languages , and if some people want to preserve a measurement system it does not bother me . 
  it is just annoying that the brits ca n't let go of this one .
