  damn , what happened to uneddit, 
  sure . 
  and also there 's a decades old culture of self-censorship whereby anything that might remotely resemble `` far right '' rhetoric is downplayed or ignored . 
  let 's not underestimate how strongly people shy away from `` contributing to pegida/far right/nazism '' etc. 
  even amazon get in on this bandwagon . 
  they omit facts too . 
  like ethnic background . 
  all the time , when it comes to crime stories or stories that `` might marginalise a certain community '' or however you want to put it . 
  the bbc always downplays ethnic background though . 
  trust me i live here . 
  it 's up to the end-user to do their own research/googling if they want `` additional information '' . 
  i 'm one of those who think we should re-introduce it in the uk . 
  it was a mistake to eliminate it in my opinion , and its re-introduction would help alleviate a whole spate of social problems and societal ills we have . 
  headline on rt is currently about this snow smuggling operation . 
  plus a nice job offer from google, 
  soros funded the ferguson ` protests ' . 
  i 'd be interested in knowing of what origin are the isis fighters who come from netherlands . 
  what is the breakdown of muslim immigrants there and what proportion have gone to syria . 
  is that a predator teddy, 
  so , by that logic , you would argue that conservatives are closer to nazis on `` the spectrum '' than socialists ? 
  if you proclaim to be `` right wing '' you are only a few steps away from nazism , but if you proclaim to be left wing , you are further away from it , is that what you believe ? 
  the `` literally hitler '' meme was successful enough to get the tories over the line last may and deny ukip more seats . 
  it 's probably so they can omit information which goes against their universalist creed . 
  fascism is the radical centre . 
  basically it 's an extremely successful 7 decade old meme propagated by leftists and centrists . 
  in branding fn/ukip as `` far right '' , they can then point to `` right '' parties and say the logical extension of their policies is fn/ukip ( far-right ) , and thus literally hitler . 
  since wwii hitler has been considered to be `` the worst thing ever '' , people are shamed into not publicly supporting conservatism , while leftists can claim the moral high ground on everything . 
   immigrants are coming because of climate change be serious, 
  i reckon a fair few take some pleasure in what they 're doing to germany , given many already blame germany for their current economic woes . 
  it 's like castro bragging about sending prisoners to the us during the mariel boatlift . 
  how about afd ? 
  there 's no reason that figure could n't be a lot higher if we restricted entry based on need/skills , you agree ? 
  edit : i just googled that study and found this link http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11209234/immigration-from-outside-europe-cost-120-billion.html so , while eu migration nets us money , non-eu costs us money . 
  should we should restrict non-eu migration to negligible levels , since they cost us a lot ? 
  it 's just silly , is n't it . 
  this is a great argument for promoting a meritocratic entry system based on skills or need . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  maybe he used his british passport on one particular section of the trip to avoid getting sent to a refugee centre or police station or something . 
  just because he got it scanned in croatia does n't mean the rest of his story is an outright fabrication . 
  `` i send hordes of refugees to europe for fun . . but for a schengen visa , i stop them all real efficiently '' . 
  do n't worry chaps were gon na bomb isis to fix this problem . 
  i tried finding that online but could n't find an edition that was n't annotated or had ` this is a hoax ' on every page . 
  a lot of germans were influenced by the masses of white russians \u00e9migr\u00e9s who had fled russia after 1917 after losing everything they owned to the marxists . 
  that 's because a lot of it is about german history which few outside of germans and history buffs care about . 
  this is a pr coup for isil . 
  i expect him to appear in some propaganda video soon baiting france to send ground troops . 
  the bbc have been churning out pro-refugee propaganda all throughout the year , showing plenty of footage of women and children , interviewing totally normal , liberal migrants on the radio ignoring things which run counter to their narrative . 
  what 's putin 's gameplan in all this ? 
  he takes out the anti-assad fsa forces , we in the west take out isis for him and assad , in revenge for paris and russia today spins it under the guise of `` uniting against terror '' ? 
  i hope obama and hollande do n't fall for it . 
  `` russia sends france puppy to replace diesel '' is probably much better pr , alas . 
  curious to know what implication this has . 
  as far as i know entry used to be pretty easy for turks into europe back in the 1990s but then kurds started claiming asylum claiming they were being oppressed , so it became harder for any turkish passport holder to obtain entry, 
  is n't that because they both have different definitions of where each airspace begins and ends ? 
  why the kettlebell, 
  france being dumb again . 
  can not believe how thick hollande is to side with putin . 
  you ca n't trust him , he has his own agenda in syria . 
  holland really is stupid . 
  you ca n't trust putin he has another agenda . 
  so does turkey, 
  haha, 
  wow . 
  putin really is a massive cunt . 
  i ca n't wait for someone to put him in his place . 
  violence is th only language bullies like him understand . 
  assange is ego and attention seeking personified . 
  come now . 
  efes dark is heaven . 
  hmm where else have i heard this `` stab in the back '' rhetoric before . . 
  why not ? 
  leadership is made up of several qualities . 
  it 's not a subjective thing . 
  me : `` men are taller than women '' . 
  you : `` the fuck ? 
  are you saying there are no women taller than men ? '', 
  which is why men make better leaders . 
  was gon na say ... 
  it 's more like the centre of paris is wealthy , there are some wealthy suburbs , and there are entire swathes of poor suburbs in other regions around the city . 
  a city like london is far more complex in terms of rich/poor areas . 
  ca n't wait to praise ireland on social media to re-affirm my progressive values to all and sundry . 
  all those likes and retweets are gon na feel so amazing . 
  i needed this after paris . 
  i get the impression french intelligence really need to up their game . 
  they did n't stop the brothers who did hebdo , or stop them acquiring grenades and machine guns and whatnot . 
  the [ guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/16/paris-attack-suspects-what-do-we-know-about-them ) newspaper are reporting at least two of the bataclan attackers were homegrown and from the suburbs of paris . 
  paris is like two cities , the centre which is rich , white and well off and the suburbs where the 2nd and 3rd generation muslim immigrants live . 
  integration is nonexistant and unemployment is rife . 
  it should n't have happened in the first place . 
  where was the intel ? 
  how are these people acquiring heavy weaponry ? 
  the terrorist that got airstrike 'd in raqqa this morning was the child of palestinian refugees to the uk . 
  french police are utterly fucking useless . 
  did n't they take at least 3 whole days to catch the hebdo killers ? 
  say what you like about privacy and whatnot but i trust our british intelligence services a whole lot more when it comes to this stuff . 
  they 've foiled a number of plans that would have been very similar to what we are seeing tonight . 
  the ones that slipped through the net , like those two black men who killed the soldier , only managed to kill the one and not dozens of people . 
  this law works pretty well if the population is homogenous and non violent . 
  once you introduce people from other more violent cultures into the equation then you end up with a lot of youths carrying knives and ending up dead, 
  \\  3,300 ( three thousand three hundred ) upvotes .
