  bend me over and cuff me . 
  who ? 
  chp used to be the only real option , akp style parties were banned by the military . 
  without army , chp have no hope . 
  good question not sure, 
  in the 80s something like 1 in 3 refugees in the world were afghans, 
  what about electric bikes , they 're big in europe apparently, 
  i wonder what the names of the mother and daughter were . 
  interestingly omitted . 
  * the victims ' family , from skellefte\u00e5 in northern sweden , have not spoken publicly about the loss of their loved ones , but said in a statement ahead of the trial that they did not want their deaths to be used as a `` weapon '' in an increasingly hostile immigration debate . 
  * this is the most tragic part of the story . 
  yeh i know , it 's just a pr drive to make it look like `` things are being done to fix problems , is n't the eu gr8 '' . 
  this . 
  they can vote against brexit , and assuage any guilt they have by telling themselves they were on the `` right side of history '' . 
  ridf is strong in this subreddit . 
  we are getting almost daily anti-corruption threads in romania news stories . 
  how much are you guys getting paid ? 
  it could be an even greater fiscal positive if we were able to be more selective about which ones were allowed in and which ones were refused admittance to the labour market , i 'm sure you would agree, 
  scotland was the most eurosceptic region of the uk during the 1975 referendum , there were two regions to vote leave and they were both in scotland . 
  the scottish nationalists are pro-whatever will grant scotland independence and thus turn it onto a one-party-state for the snp . 
  keeping the pound , sharing the pound , using a scottish pound , using the euro , oil revenues , no oil revenues , high spending sweden-style welfare state , tax haven , anti nato , and now pro nato , the tartan tories , a newer labour . . 
  it 's all rather [ incoherent ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/13215211.snp_s_incoherent_position_on_staying_in_europe/ ) . 
  they will be all things to all scots and take whatever path will most likely win an independence ref . 
  interesting how that 's changed now . 
  the narrative used to be `` independence '' , but now because salmond being the opportunist that he is , sees an opening where he can claim to realise his dream by joining the eu , being run from brussells is in his brain technically independent since scotland will be `` free from westminster 's shackles '' . 
  the snp really are cunts . 
  tourism probably went way up over the summer due to being safe from terrorism . 
  this is clearly an organised pr drive , ca n't fool me mate, 
  and here is our weekly `` look how hard we are trying to clean up corruption in romania '' reddit / r/europe thread . 
  0.5 leu has been deposited into your account . 
  so , say no to one indian doctor , say yes to 10 polish unskilled warehouse workers . 
   become independent  join eu hahaha , this should tell you that `` independence '' is just a byword for anti-english moaning , they could n't give a fuck who their masters are as long as it 's not westminster . 
  hopefully the snp voteshare will decrease in the 2020 elections , and labour/cons will increase , allowing the uk pm to legitimately say that unionist support is increasing and therefore no indyref2 . 
  one seat is still impressive considering the huge swing that the snp got in 2015, 
  this is n't going to happen . 
  what will happen , though , is the conservative party will increase their share of the vote in scotland in the 2020 general election , maybe even win a few seats , and then use this as a reason to deny the snp another referendum . 
  conservatives will then be able to say `` how can the snp claim to speak for scotland , when their voteshare is decreasing and ours in increasing '' . 
  the snp really are absolutely awful bastards . 
  they actually want things to get worse in the uk , it 's fundamentally in their interests for things to go bad , so they can win independence . 
  190k would have had to switch to yes , you mean . 
  if 190k stayed at home , no would have still won . 
  the eu started in 1993 . 
  great britain has been going since 1707 . 
  i 've moved the goalposts only slightly . 
  the uk has been a stable political union for 300 years . 
  the eu has only had 20 years . 
  the uk funds all that . 
  the spanish government send the uk a bill for their citizens healthcare , and we pay for it . 
  you do n't know what you 're on about . 
  the eu-mexico trade agreement means mexicans have the right to live , work , travel and study all over the eu , right ? 
  likewise nafta means mexicans have freedom of movement with canada . 
  great propaganda though . 
  it 's qatar that 's funding the anti-assad groups , turkey 's just turning a blind eye, 
  the romanian internet defence force just ca n't stop posting good news about romania on reddit . 
  i predict the next piece will be about some mid-level romanian politician fined by the eu funded anti-corruption bureau . 
   you can use the opportunity to do like romania and really set the anti-corruption work in motion this is just pr though , everyone can see through it . 
  corruption is n't something that can change by setting up a bureau , it 's a cultural thing that takes many generations to change , and is subject to many external forces too, 
  for you gro\u00dfbritannien , zer vill be no pazzporting rights !, 
  lol funny guy , keep dreaming . 
  you should know it was probably the accession of romania in to the eu that managed to push us over the 50 % mark . 
  we did n't take too kindly to the free movement of gypsies , criminals and fraudsters . 
  free movement was n't really an issue until 2014 or so . 
  coincidence , i think not . 
  in reality the young have no future in romania beyond emigration to richer countries in the north . 
  once we leave , i wonder how other wealthy countries will take to having a 20-30 % increase in net migration for the foreseeable future from backwards , corrupt eu states . 
  i 'll be watching on the sidelines with interest . 
  so , is this an organised pr campaign , or is it just romanian redditors keen to show their '' '' `` european '' '' '' credentials ? 
  it seems every week there is some news story posted about how romanians are cleaning up corruption , or fixing their country in some way . 
  is this to make us less suspicious of our new romanian neighbours when they move in next door 10 to a house ? 
  you are not fooling me . 
  perhaps geography plays a role . 
  the weather , makes people less inclined to co-operate because they do n't need group survival during a harsh winter . 
  the island structure , encourages a culture of corruption where people can get away with criminal activities because they can move about and hide on other islands . 
  immigration , greece has had quite a lot in the last few centuries , which can undermine public trust and social capital . 
  one is `` i am being oppressed , hear me moan and whinge about it '' , the other is `` i am being oppressed , let 's do something about it '' . 
  i know how the euro and schengen area works . 
  still means we have free movement with 500m people , and have to trust an eu state does n't hand out eu passports to whatever refugee says they want to flee to britain . 
  there are communities of every nationality in the uk . 
  it is probably easier to hide , survive and thrive by working in the black economy , something harder to do in france , in the uk . 
  there are things that make a country a country . 
  the ability to have its own currency , the ability to devalue that currency , the ability to stop people at the border . 
  those things are being eroded by the expanding eu , an organisation we have increasingly less influence in . 
  you do see how a vote for leave was a vote for `` more independence '' ? 
  yeah , i 'm the bitter one . 
  voted leave by the way , does it trigger you to know we actually voted for independence , whilst you did n't have the bollocks ? 
  part of what constitutes a `` good standard '' is the cost . 
  if you had to pay person a 1000 euro for a service , but then suddenly person b could do a similar job for 500 euro , and be happy and smiling about , you would consider person a to be of a poor standard . 
  the work might be identical , but the fact that you have more money in your pocket makes you think the standard of person b is superior . 
  the victim complex is strong with scotnats . 
  this is the media desperately looking to shame/guilt leave voters . 
  take no notice . 
  it 's been blown out of all proportion . 
  not having competition , and a consensus-style of politics , means she can literally do whatever the hell she wants ( inviting the world 's refugees to settle in germany ) and not be accountable , or suffer repercussions . 
  it 's times like this i value our adversarial style of politics . 
  if our government shit the bed , we can throw them out . 
  german voters ca n't do that because the new government will probably be a coalition . 
  that 's true . 
  but perception is important . 
  how does this have 360,000 views ? 
  nice biased article there,
