  good morning locutus . 
  i would stay and chat but i 've got some shilling to do over on / r/ukpolitics . 
  ukip hq sent me # 1 for every 20 upvotes i get . 
  corruption is a cultural thing . 
  mass arrests will do very little to change this . 
  whoever replaces them will be just as corrupt , only better at hiding it . 
  downvote if you agree . 
  i have a great idea . 
  let 's trade goods with each other as countries , and lets do a deal where for every romanian that wants to come to the uk , there must be one brit that is willing to go to romania in exchange . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of young brits willing to go work in your country , no ? 
  by the way there 's a good reason we do n't want romanians in the this eu . 
  it 's a very poor country by western european standards , and we have to deal with bullshit like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evyhrsmgpdo i would be ashamed if my countrymen were doing this in romania , so i hope you can sympathise with my view . 
  a 2 minute video clip from the romanian tourist board is n't going to sway me , friend . 
  should i search youtube for a video clip of the 2 million gypsys in rural camps ? 
  i 'm not ignorant , i just do n't like the idea that romanians , and their gypsy cousins , are in a political union with the uk . 
  wow , 2 whole decades , ehmazing . 
  some niche eurofervent subreddit is the only place you 're going to find some friends to upvote you . 
  it was the accession of your developing country that was the catalyst for my country having elections won by a tiny eurosceptic party called ukip . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm sure you 're a great , handsome , educated guy with an all white smile . 
  unfortunately those hoards of gypsies that have been flocking over to my capital city since january by the busload do n't provide an adequate or fair counterbalance . 
  i 'm basing my opinion on the latest crime statistics that say 92 % of atm crime is done by romanian gangs , and my dealings with romanians who seem to exclusively work in the black economy . 
  i hope we leave the eu before the problem gets worse . 
  mass arrests wo n't do a thing to change the culture of corruption which permeates romanian society . 
  having travelled through the region in the 1990s by car i was very surprised when they were given eu accession . 
  perhaps that 's because you come from benelux , which is pretty much a non-country . 
  once again , taking on board everybodys view and trying to please everyone is just one very particular form of democracy . 
  that is n't how we do politics in the uk , hence why coalition governments are so rare . 
  we do n't do consensus politics . 
  if you want to live in this form of democracy , perhaps you should move to switzerland or belgium . 
  well now since we 're doing sarcasm , good thing you completely ignored the role of the internet , with people increasingly seeking out what they want to hear . 
  it 's not as if friendly appearances on a highly regarded tv station did anything to improve him image . 
  i mean , you really have to look super hard to find any kind of bias in this 1,300,000 views youtube video title , you need a magnifying glass and a forensic scientist https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gm9q8uabts furthermore , i think it 's fantastic how you 've completely ignored how much attention the bnp and other anti-establishment parties get on rt. 
  i was watching it ones and bnp once-candidate for mayor of london carlos cortiglia was being interviewed for his ` thoughts ' on some trivial bullshit , the first and only time i 'd ever even heard of him . 
  i do n't think you understand my position . 
  leadership is n't listening to what everyone in britain has to say , accomodating everyones view , then pushing out a policy which tries to please everybody . 
  you often end up pleasing nobody . . we 're not fucking belgium . 
  this is what cameron does . 
  this is why there 's a big political vacuum which ukip are filling . 
  all three centrist parties are trying to accomodate everyone . 
  the weak coalition government does n't help matters , but to be honest i think the lack of accountability that comes with coalition suits cameron down to a t . he can take all the credit for the ` good ' stuff the government do , and shift all the blame for the ` bad ' stuff onto his coalition handicap . 
  park-chung hee ran the country for several decades , transforming it to an exporting , hi-tech , high gdp . 
  a bit like pinochet . 
  farage was consistently on rt from 2009-2013 , before our own media started covering him more . 
  it gave him a lot of legitimacy . 
  david cameron is a cardboard cutout leader . 
  he has no real vision . 
  he just sees what people , and the press , are saying , and goes with the flow . 
  i do n't respect that . 
  we the electorate want to be lead , as much as we want to lead . 
  he is like a pale , watered down imitation of blair . 
  at least blair , like thatcher , had some kind of vision , even if power did go to his head in his later years . 
  cameron is a lackey . 
  he is that kid at school that was always hanging off the shoulder of a popular , funny kid . 
  always knew exactly when to laugh at the jokes , very well trained in making quips and soundbites and endearing himself to the funny kid , fundamentally a good person , but not really having the charisma or the presence to command a following . 
  i feel he lacks the mettle for leadership . 
  democracy 's not popular with those lot . 
  belgium confirmed for ` non-country ' status . 
  they are terrorist-supporting kurds . 
  sorry my young portuguese frienf , but its not gon na happen . 
  there will never be a pan-european identity . 
  the european dream is failing and is on borrowed time . 
  if europe continues its path in the direction of federalism , the eu will need turkey to act as a key player in its newly formed defense policy . 
  i think that 's because liberal ideology is currently dominant on the internet , as it 's still largely young westerners who use it . 
  this can change once more conservative populations get a foothold in the webosphere . 
  this is from a pro-eu website . 
  i could find a hundred articles saying stating how euroscepticism has soared and anti-eu parties are gaining seats all over europe , but that would n't make the front page of / r/europe . 
  has norwayjerk replaced swedenjerk ? 
  i hope so . 
  man , it 's hilarious how reddit has completely 180 'd over sweden in the past 18 months . 
  turkey confirmed for `` white as snow '' . 
  this is linked to low oil prices and low unemployment . 
  as someone who is anti eu , i would n't take this snapshot at face value . 
  i expect you are probably correct but why have you skipped 70-74 conservative government ? 
  also `` number of mines closed '' is misleading . 
  one mine might employ 25,000 men whilst 2 other 2,000 each . 
  like saatchi . 
  i have this swiss person tagged as `` srs '' . 
  no idea why but it 's certainly quite illuminating reading his or her responses and posts on here . 
  you do n't need war to seek a better life because your country is in the mire . 
  there are 100s of 1000s of greek economic migrants all over n/w europe , working low-wage jobs . 
  the only real difference to the provider between them and a syrian is one is in the eu and has free movement ( and is christian so culturally more assimilable in the long run ) and one does n't . 
  there was a good article on it on wikipedia but it got censored and moved to a `` conspiracy theory '' sub-heading of another page . 
  that 's probably why . 
  if wikipedia was n't utterly dominated by lefty academic types perhaps the term might gain greater currency and usage . 
  yep , the `` literally hitler '' effect . 
  so prevalent on reddit too . 
  do n't take it personally . 
  he 's a victim of 40 years of identity politics . 
  making his sexuality a non-central component in his sense of self is quite an alien concept to him , he probably thinks it means he hates himself or something . 
  no one in this thread is checking the timestamp i see . 
  . . from the most recipient countries . 
  gee , i wonder why small countries with no global power projection and weak militaries would be in favour of an eu army , lol, 
  those youtube stop a douchebag guys should do a little video there . 
  it 'd be hilarious . 
  the thing is , the people doing this , they do n't feel french . 
  as a result , many feel stronger allegiances with north african countries or their religion . 
  i was there in june . 
  i noticed a huge increase in african migrants selling stuff liek sunglasses and handkerchiefs !, 
  what 's the word for people who want to deny others their rights to practice their love with farmyard animals ? 
  i hated that fucking show .
