  goddamn java . 
  i 'm mocking the circlejerk . 
  i meant to write dae green countries bad le red countries le tolerant and progressive good ? 
  dae green countries bad red countries good ? 
  good posts , u speak the truth, 
  spot on . 
  you 're being downvoted by reddit leftists . 
  very interesting . 
  does poland have a russian minority like lithuania or latvia ? 
  lol who taught u that, 
  we need more cultural enrichment , it 's true . 
  we 're severely lacking . 
  nice . 
  lol , never posted there friend . 
  / r/ukpoltics , on the other hand . . 
  [ ergh mah gawd the daily mayul ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2z-adzgkjy&amp;t=1m8s ) . 
  how 's the card skimming scam going , andreu ? 
  how much has your buddy earnt begging on the london underground this week ? 
  btw can you please tell those outside the builders warehouse to learn how to use toilets , they 're making you look bad . 
  how long before we find his reddit account . 
  we 're being overrun with romanians bro . 
  so what you 're saying is , we need to do some restructuring to our economy . 
  cool . 
  suspected murder-suicide was done by co-pilot andreas lubitz . 
  a quiet , reserved 28 year old man from germany . 
  you 'd hear that on audio ? 
   you can reduce your chances of causing a collision , but not your chances of someone colliding with you . 
  right i 'm glad we agree , and as you ca n't reduce your chances of your aeroplane crashing , you have more control behind a wheel than on a plane . 
  see my point ? 
  all of that is irrelevant . 
  `` other drivers '' , really ? 
  you can drive slow to reduce risk of death . 
  what can you do to reduce risk of death on a plane ? 
  just put your head between knees and pray . 
  we have a greater measures of control driving cars . 
  we can improve our skills to reduce the likelihood of accidents . 
  on a plane you can not do anything . 
  rubber necking . 
   i smoked `` kent '' cigarettes literally the most ghetto cigarettes . 
  how unsurprising . 
  i 'm sorry , what 's your point ? 
  just a wall of text . 
  my point still stands . 
  where 's all the money gone ? 
  with their families somewhere in a swiss account ? 
  if you weigh it all up . . perhaps to them it is worth doing the time to ensure their families are set up for life . 
  that 's what needs to be tackled . 
  it 's just pr to improve the image of romania in more developed eu countries . 
  all these people getting caught . . they 're all low level people , i guaranteed you the big corrupt people behind the scenes are not getting caught , and if they were , there 'd be someone to take their shoes very quickly . 
  that 's how corruption operates . 
  it ca n't be `` removed '' by eu `` pressure '' . 
  it 's a cultural thing that takes many decades and even centuries to come down . 
  look at the japanese , look at us brits and scandis . 
  low corruption . . and it did n't take some supranational body `` forcing '' us to do it . 
  romania i feel will never truly remove corruption to proper level . 
  what will happen is . . they will reduce is to the level of the 2nd most corrupt eu country , so they can tell themselves at least they are n't the worst . 
  they wo n't become a norway . 
  too many poor people , too ethnically diverse , too many gypsies , too many of the clever ones leaving their poor country and emigrating to richer plains lowering the collective iq of the country . 
  romanian accession is an important factor in why i turned from being pro-eu to anti-eu . 
  romanian in corruption shock . 
  since anything to the right of centre and a rejection of slavish adherence to the social justice movement became affiliated with being `` literally hitler '' in the minds of lefties . 
  patriotism ? 
  that 's dangerous , look what happened in the 1940s !, 
  anti-immigration ? 
  that lead to gas chambers , you monster !, 
  an adherence to traditional gender roles ? 
  that 's what adolf would have said , you bigot !, 
  an feeling of attachment to your native land ? 
  literally the nazis !, 
  that 's the kind of rhetoric der nazis used !, 
  guys !, 
  look at this nazi , everyone shame this intolerant bigot !, 
  and so on , and so on . . 
  because you tagged them as such , it made it so . 
  spanish and italian girls look good until 35 . 
  no . . no . . no . 
  the opposite is happening , the internet is disuniting people , partly by brazenly displaying how unequal the world is , which exacerbates the problem . 
  the arab spring happened because middle class arab kids with iphones could see how we in the west were living , and how they were n't able to achieve that - so they blamed their governments . 
   it 's ridiculous to say that if you do n't vote for the left , you 're voting , `` against your own best interests . '', 
  this is what i like to call a `` redditism '' . 
  liberal redditors are unable to comprehend that somebody of a similar wage or social status does n't want to vote for a left-wing party . 
  to rationalise it , they say that people who vote right wing are stoopid . 
  another favourite redditism of mine is `` in america , poor people do n't see themselves as poor , but * temporarily embarrassed millionaires ! 1 '' . 
  kazakhstan should be in a separate `` uefa '' box . 
  * i ask farage about enoch powell , who also visited dulwich in the seventies to address the boys when farage was a pupil there . 
  `` was powell right about uncontrolled mass immigration possibly changing areas into areas people felt uncomfortable with ? '' he asks rhetorically . 
  `` yes . 
  but he genuinely thought it was a black/white issue . 
  he genuinely believed that white and black people would not mix well , and he 's been proved wrong . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  i do n't think colour is a bar to social cohesion . 
  i watch the younger generation . 
  it 's not an issue . '' * * he senses my scepticism . 
  `` it 's not about colour , '' he says with emphasis . 
  `` but it is about identity , and it is about community , and all the things i told you that i rejoice in . 
  you know , people mixing together -- being different , but mixing together , and having commonality . 
  and i think we 've made a terrible mess of it . 
  i mean , i still think immigration can be turned around ; i think there 's a positive immigration message . 
  i intend to fight the next general election with this party with a positive immigration message , in that i 'm going to say it 's wholly irresponsible to have totally open borders to half a billion people , but if you have an australian-style points system and you control the quantity and quality of who comes , you know , people will sign up for that . '' * http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2014/11/nigel-farage-i-m-not-right-or-left-i-m-radical, 
  in the uk in 2015 , can you imagine the potential outcry involved if a white british-owned medium sized company had only white british employees ?
