  the damage that could be done via a concerted twitter campaign , for example . 
  calls for boycotts . 
  but if a medium-sized pakistani business only employed pakistanis or other south asians . . 
  i genuinely ca n't imagine this happening . 
  it 's ok as long as said individuals belong to an oppressed minority . 
  they are permitted to discriminate because their ethnic group has been `` historically oppressed '' . . or so goes the line of thinking . 
  this is how we ended up with the rotherham sexual abuse scandal . 
  so you think foreign policy must either be `` liberal interventionist '' or `` isolationist '' ? 
  i do n't think that 's fair , and i 'm genuinely not straw manning you . 
  ukip seem to favour soft power , farage has said he thinking cuts in the bbc budget should not be target at the world service which does a lot to promote britain on the world stage . 
  the idea that they want to `` take britain back to the 1950s '' is just leftie scaremongering/shaming nonsense . 
  this is a * provocation * !, 
  probably funded by eu and us . 
  on a good day, 
  turks were ethnically cleansed too . 
  it 's a shitfest on both sides really , although i think turkey was wrong to declare a state there and send lots of turkish migrants . 
  they have . 
  there are so many romanians in the uk . 
  article states the law was used as recently as 2007, 
  that 's up for debate i think . 
  that 's already happening, 
  yeah . . if i could interrupt your circlejerk , wait and see how progressive and high tax european countries become once the demographics dwindle to 63 % white , like the us . 
  there is is reason america is the way it is . 
  strong german efficiency . 
  so they 're all co-operative by design , except the uk which is adversarial by design #brexit, 
  the `` twist '' is that it 's a dog-bites-dog story , as opposed to the more sensational man bites dog , which is what the media would rather be feeding on . 
  especially in scotland , a country that prides itself on being much more progressive and much less anti-foreigner than england . 
  i read in the news this morning that the atrocity was committed by two belgian-born brothers . 
  politicians ( and their media lackeys ) will not address this and instead will encourage us to pretend the problem is coming from far away ( syria ) , because it 's too politically difficult to acknowledge that the problem is coming from right here in europe . 
  note the disdain in the article 's tone . . like `` look at this uncultured pleb attacking the birthplace of culture '' . . reminds me of the hebdo attack , liberal news outlets and the twitterati making jokes about `` lmao fox news * no-go zones * '' . 
  then november came . . 
  there 's another illuminating post on this on / r/nottheonion, 
  meanwhile entire romanian gypsy villages can jump on a ryanair flight and start begging for money on oxford st. with zero problems . 
  is this the german le current year man ? 
  maybe not for the current carriages . . like greece and romania . 
  but for the engines , germany , britain ? 
  there certainly is a future . 
  unless it 's south-american style left wing populism , then it 's absolutely divine . 
  that works both ways . 
  what about my right not to be subjugated by an unaccountable , undemocratic , foreign power ? 
  what about my right to be able to elect a government that promises to reduce immigration ? 
  that 's what these continentals do n't realise . 
  you look at all these eu countries , they 've all been under some totalitarian regime 's thumb in the not very distant past . 
  they do n't mind being dominated by foreign powers because they do n't know any different . 
  weak , is what they are . 
  bottom line is the reu need britain in the eu to take all the southern european unemployed people . 
  if we pull out of free movement , they 'll all go to germany and france , which would be politically unpopular . 
  the problem will only get worse with the doomed euro currency . 
  australia ? 
  interesting how you forgot to mention these and instead chose pakistan as an example . 
  yep . 
  people have n't woken up to the reality of what is in store for eurozone countries . 
  massive fiscal transfers from north to south . 
  those `` bailouts '' . . are here to stay . 
  can german taxpayers stomach this ? 
  perhaps the eu will try and pass it off as `` this is just temporary until they reach our level of living standards '' , but let 's be realistic . 
  these are widely divergent economies , protestant , catholic and orthodox cultures . 
  usually fiscal transfers happen within nation states that share a history and common culture , so are tolerated by the wealthy who bear the greatest burden . 
  what `` shared history '' to the germans and the greeks have ? 
  here 's a good article on maastricht/the euro , from 1992 http://www.lrb.co.uk/v14/n19/wynne-godley/maastricht-and-all-that, 
  the competition starts on june 10 . 
  when are england 's matches ? 
  regardless it 's an easy group . 
  i hate cameron for doing this . 
  this is the scottish authorities ( aka snp ) desperately keen to display their progressive , pro-eu credentials to the world . 
  they get to show how different they are to those mean , xenophobic , `` westminster '' bastards too . 
  they claim to speak for the scottish people , the reality is quite different . 
  i feel for any anti-snp scot living in scotland . 
  quite an annoying website if i may say so myself, 
  * a mass of born slaves , who feel the need of a master *, 
  no u, 
  russia is responsible for the massive flow of refugees from syria . 
  they have an interest in destabilising the eu and mass and rapid islamic migration is a pretty good way to go about it . 
  this is from ' 05 . 
  the % of wb in the burbs is now quite a bit lower . 
  to be honest there are too many people graduating from universities , who all expect a comfortable middle class desk job which are disappearing . 
  a reduction in students would be welcome , there are trade jobs that need filling and are all being taken by romanians and poles . 
   ` society is more important than short-term economic benefits , ' pro-eu people will take this and then make comments about `` the lack of education so many people have '' and `` this is why referendums are stupid '' , hah, 
   over the past 5 years the countries supplying the largest number of freshly-naturalized british citizens were , in order of majority ; india , pakistan , the philippines , nigeria , bangladesh , nepal , china , south africa , poland and somalia . 
  this could mean a lot of things . 
  people that came 30 years ago , have indefinite leave to remain , but have just recently decided to get a british passport . 
  eu citizens have zero need to get a british passport ( unless they want to vote in ge ) , they have exactly the same rights as a uk worker . 
  these types of stats are n't freely published in the uk . 
  most of the underaged sexual assault cases you 've heard about coming from the uk in the last few years are actually committed by pakistanis . 
  similarly , a very large % of brits adhering to the islamic faith over in is territory are of pakistani heritage . 
  it 's not in proportion to the overall muslim population . 
  i do n't know if there are any stats on this , but if anyone knows please share . 
   i would guess that they want to appear as really good people on facebook . 
  spot on there mate . 
  i 'm certain you 're right . 
  the dynamic of having social media + having it tied to your identity , like facebook , has in my view driven progressivism into hyperdrive . 
  people will literally host a syrian `` refugee '' to look better than their peers on facebook . 
  people will `` like '' a `` refugees welcome '' page , because their attractive female peers do so and they want to get closer to them . 
  it 's status-seeking . 
  are they sympathetic because they have had first-hand experience with refugees , or were they already of a left/liberal disposition and so gravitated towards a more humanitarian career . . 
  she seems to be shifting with whatever current public opinion is . 
  she said `` we ca n't take all the refugees '' until that little girl cried tv and suddenly it was `` open the floodgates , welcome to germany '' . 
  now it 's `` deport migrants faster '' to appease the german public , from nothing to re-emigration . 
  is this normal in germany ? 
  the political class are n't so populist here in the uk .
