  ca n't produce children . 
  the biggest reasons i guess . 
  now someone is going to reply with `` well what about childless hetero couples ? 
  are n't they equally valid '' to which i answer no , but marriage without children is a statistically very rare worldwide . 
  muted response from / r/europe . 
  a paltry +46 upvotes after 5hrs . 
  i 'll assume everyone is in greece thread . 
  228 votes yes . 
  pathetic . 
  have they no balls ? 
  they 're not the ones getting pummelled by germany but the people who voted for them will be . 
  an exit from the euro is what is needed here , but im sure these mps and their friends wouldnt be able to stomach the ` humilation ' their kids would face when sending them to some northern european university . 
  they are selfishly voting for their immediate short term interest . 
  see you in june 2018 , europe . 
  not really . 
  they can emigrate to their pick of first world nations and work as freely as you or me . 
  i feel more sympathy for the youth in countries that are n't in the eu . 
   this is why romanians love the eu . 
  because it keeps our politicians and policy makers in check . 
  greeks were saying the same thing in the 90s and 2000s . 
  they thought the letting the germans run their country would herald a new era of prosperity . 
  romania is a very corrupt country and `` the eu '' is not going to `` fix '' that . 
  that change comes from within , and it takes a long long time . 
  it ca n't be imposed from above . 
  they 'd never accept that . 
  too proud , too entitled . 
  greeks have been living beyond their means for a long time now . 
  yep . 
  green = positive , red = negative . 
  red has bad/evil/negative / poor connotations in this context . 
  green has happy/positive/good / progressive/healthy connotations . 
  it also suggests that the pale-green countries have ` some way to go ' before achieving elite progressive status , and the orange countries are some way ` behind ' the more superior western liberal democracies . 
  the only reason for this colour scheme is because wikipedia , which is controlled by progressive western academics , believes gay marriage to be an objectively good thing . 
  the vast majority of world governments disagree with them , unfortunately they do n't control wikipedia so they ca n't control the narrative . 
  interesting how the pro-gay areas are coloured in green , whilst the non gay-rights areas are coloured in blood red . 
  it suggests that the greenest = the best , and the bloodiest red = the worst . 
  lots of maps on wikipedia are like this . 
  it 's no longer become a matter of subjective opinion , there are now `` correct '' orthodox opinions that must be adhered to or else . 
  whatever your position , why choose these specific colours , i do n't think it 's coincidence . 
  can anyone , anyone at all , tell me the ethniciity/nationality of the people going there ? 
  afaik there are basically zero turkish-brits even though their numbers per total islamic population is substantial , but around half seem to be pakistani . 
  i understand it 's not v simple because they will be holding uk passports , but you can generally deduce background from image or surname . 
   thankfully humans have a powerful intellect that allows us to overcome this . 
  why do you think that now , in 2015 , we 've progressed to a point where we can use our intellect to overcome base instinctive fears and emotions ? 
  i think you make a very valid point , but i do n't see why intellect suddenly take over from instinct , no more than the desire to eat can be overcome by positive thinking . 
  land area and pop density also a massive factor . 
  i 'm guessing finland has one or two big cities that the vast majority of migrants are attracted to . 
  usa has hundreds of cities and lots of space . 
  you ca n't exactly move about as easily in finland . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/london/comments/3afncr/serial_rapist_jailed_for_life_after_launching/csc8cmb rate my downvotes . 
  haha , fair comment , but it is n't just housing . 
  they all require services . 
  they all use roads , schools , hospitals , water , jobs . 
  uk society is bearing the brunt and the bastard landlord is laughing as he pockets the money . 
  more info [ here ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3138099/26-romanians-three-bed-house-near-stratford-s-olympic-stadium.html ), 
  we should be super grateful we opted out of both the euro and schengen . 
  labour and the liberals both fought in favour of both and have been proved wrong . 
  it would be very painful , for eu . 
  they should buy a lease on an island . 
  let 's hope a conservative backlash does n't come back to bite you in le ass in a few years time :p, 
  errm , it 's only been legalised for 5 or so years , too early to tell surely ? 
  ireland 's a tiny country of 5m people . 
  turkey has 80m . 
  engaging in homosexual acts does n't necessarily mean those animals are gay though . 
  given the opportunity , most will mate with a female . 
  what do you mean by this . 
  if my son starts to take an interest in little girl 's dresses at aged 5 , should i encourage him to have a sex change operation ? 
  or would i be a bad person if i tried to nudge him away from such things ? 
  think about what you 're writing , instead of just churning out feel good stuff for reddit points . 
   belgium pretty much a non-country tbh, 
  lots and lots of images of smiling , cute kids . 
  none of young , poor looking men . 
  the wikipedia bias is subtle but strong . 
  yea , 98 % sure, 
  not sure if related , but i 've personally seen romanian migrants here in london `` camping '' in parks and making fires and stuff . 
  pretty disgusting . 
  maybe not but croatia , baltics , yes, 
  that 's all very well , but the poles and ukranians were very happy to remove the jews from their countries , even if they did n't technically commit the massacres themselves , they certainly co-operated with the nazis who had puppet governments installed . 
  but turks really love ice cream, 
  i think manchester - dalaman is the most popular terrorist route . 
  damn , turks love ice cream . 
  most of the refugees will end up staying in turkey . 
  once syria is stabilised , they will have assimilated into turkish culture . 
  just thank god you have military service so they will become turkified , unlike our muslims herein the uk, 
  are akp and mhp going to form a coalitions and crackdown on the refugee problem ? 
  basically this . 
  why does n't greece sell a few islands to turkey ? 
  it could be done on a 100 year lease or something . 
  90 % of the userbase here are under 23 . 
  ask a 45 year old , who you wo n't find on reddit . 
  this logic does n't work with ideological extremists . 
  sweden is an example of what happens when women run countries . 
  i get what the plan was , but it did n't really make sense . 
  akp were asking turkey to vote for some unknown arrangement they were n't sure would be . 
  erdogan president with `` extra powers '' . 
  so people did n't know exactly what they were voting for and this obviously weakened their vote . 
  erdogan gambled turks would trust him enough to fuck around with the system , turns out they didnt, 
  why did erdogan leave his prime minister post for the ceremonial presidency last september ? 
  if he was still the head of akp they probably would have won . 
  davutoglu is an uninspiring bookish nerd with no charisma and no leadership qualities , and a failed `` zero problems with neighbours '' foreign policy .
