  they 're here on a rom passport , so the `` they 're not romanian , they 're gypsies '' argument does n't really wash with me . 
  exactly the same here in the uk , but sub stockholm with metropolitan london . 
  thankfully though , they seem massively over represented on the internet , which tells me loada of them use it and they all speak english too . 
  which means they 're being exposed to people with view that would n't be tolerated in everyday sweden , and are being exposed to how their countries image is rapidly changing because of unprecedented levels of migration . 
  well all they need is an eu passport , easily acquired in sweden , and a plane ticket to your country . 
  sweden seems to think they have no responsibility to other european countries to not act as a pathway to citizenship in other eu countries . 
  answer , because women have a very big influence in how the country is run . 
  women do n't understand the importance of borders or defence as much as men do , they were never tasked with protecting the tribe . 
  good for newcomers from anywhere in the world , bad for displaced swedes . 
  this is changing though , however slowly . 
  the social democratic consensus in sweden is breaking down , probably due to too much change to quickly . 
  i 'll be watching sweden over the coming decade , perhaps they can be used as an example to the rest of europe so we can maybe change course . 
  2 reasons only . 
  1 ) they 're white/european , which is what the consumer demands and 2 ) they 're available and willing to do it , less shame involved . 
  yes i heard that - no censorship but people are naturally patriotic so do n't seek out `` enemy '' news , even though it 's freely available . 
  russian women , of course . 
  the rise of feminism and universal suffrage also coincides with a rise in the welfare state . 
  women are either dependent on a man , or dependent on the state . 
  now women are no longer as reliant on a man , they can choose to make the government raise their children and be the father instead . 
  thus men and fatherhood become redundant concepts , ultimately leading to less new and stable families and less children . 
  women entering the workplace also changed the dynamic , becoming less financially dependent on men . 
  of course , the issue is far more complex than that , there are other factors involved . 
  rising house prices making renting or buying a home hard , the reduction in well paid/stable jobs leading to people putting off children , but i think it 's foolish to discount how women in the west have changed in the last 100 years . 
  they might be dropping but they 're dropping from a very high place . 
  and i guess 13 years of new labour , headed by a man educated in scotland and his right hand man - a bona-fide scot , who both oversaw and indeed encouraged inward migration at levels unprecedented in 1000 years of history , has n't wrecked england , while leaving scotland 's tiny and rural population relatively untouched ? 
  stupid journalists taken in by `` activists '' communicating with them on twitter . 
  cameron and clegg itching to bomb assad into oblivion , having already bombed the fuck out of libya with the help of the french . 
  should have voted no . 
  thanks for playing a role in destroying 300 years of peaceful and prosperous union . 
  lol let 's not use jews integrating to a jewish country as an example . 
  jews are smart people , russian jews brought over lots of capital , knowhow and expertise , jews are united by a common religion and thus care about their neighbours and countrymen as they unquestionably have a shared destiny . 
  they have a national service lasting 24 months . 
  they would fight alongside each other and die for each other in a war with an enemy . 
  you ca n't compare that to penniless somalians and eritrean muslims emigrating in their hundreds of thousands to a rich , prosperous european country , bringing with them few skills , and a religion openly hostile to the native one . 
  last year germany received 180,000 asylum applications . 
  they are building up big social problems for the future , things that ca n't be seen or readily understood now . 
  that must be someone in the comments . 
  the group itself also have things like `` like this if you think animal abusers should get harsher punishments '' . 
  that 's not hateful . 
  european countries do n't have a 13 % black , permanent underclass . 
  the only answer . 
  there wo n't be 5 years , there 'll be a second election within 18 months !, 
  guaranteed no independence , and no associated risks with that , and a likely strong partner in a coalition , so still highly represented in westminster . 
  if lab-snp emerge victorious , the tories will come and win a fucking landslide in the next election , you can count on that . 
  when people see `` eastern europe '' , please give equal consideration to places like romania . 
  i do n't know why people itt automatically think `` polish '' when the phrase `` eastern european '' . 
  romania has 25m largely poor people . 
  i think india , who we have a long historical association with from colonial times , inc. trade and war allies , would make better migrants than people from romania whom we have zero connection , historical or otherwise . 
  cultural compatibility should be taken into account , beneath skill/need of course . 
  globalisation is making national cultures less and less `` relevant '' , and class/education are becoming more important . 
  his `` zero problems with neighbours '' did n't go so good though , what with the current problems in syria . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a lot higher . 
  you do n't live in a land for hundreds of years without serious amounts of ethnic intermixing . 
  i meant , roma are n't exactly jews with sacred blood . 
  in reality it 's more like 8-10 % , and that probably is n't counting some who would prefer to call themselves `` romanian '' . 
  http://i.imgur.com/wm3op.png 2,400,000 is about 12 % , some sources link 8 . 
  i would n't trust wikipedia either on these kinds of things either . 
  it 's more than 2 % . 
  stop lying . 
  what about all those people with roma relatives ? 
  when they need to get to the uk to beg for money . 
  roma have flooded our capital city because of romanian accession to the eu , and the free movement that comes with that . 
  whether they are `` roma '' or `` gypsies '' is n't all that relevant to us . 
  i went to oxford st in london yesterday . 
  romanian gypsies absolutely everywhere , begging for money , harassing pedestrians . 
  it 's absolutely disgusting . 
  if you want source/images , google `` roma gypsies marble arch '', 
   well , apparently scotland and gibraltar are n't so keen . 
  5m scots are [ about to hold the country to ransom ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/apr/14/labour-snp-combined-share-of-seats-projected-to-hit-326 ) after the may election in a lab-snp coalition government . 
  i 'm not blaming all muslims here , i 'm angry at the fact that the `` brand image '' of pakistani muslims in the uk is deemed untarnishable by the police , the government and the willing press . 
  negative stories about one ethnic group are deliberately hushed up . 
  we are being denied an objective reporting of the truth . 
  instead the `` party line '' of tolerance , diversity and multiculturalism is promoted at all costs , and anything contrary to that is discarded . 
  even when the crime is as barbarous as this . 
  it 's also the fact that labour , once the party of the working class , now actively hate the white working class and have got into bed with `` hard working '' ethnic minorities . 
  thousands of girls thrown to the wolves to protect what i see as quite a divisive and poisonous ideology . 
   it would be as stupid as blaming all germans for the atrocities committed by the nazis yet that 's exactly what we do do , and what happened . 
  who do you think paid reparations ? 
  only people who voted nazi ? 
  only nazi party members ? 
  or all german taxpayers . 
  who has to endure decades of guilt and shame from the holocaust ? 
  it is n't dead nazis , it 's modern day germans whose guilt led them to bailing out helpless ez countries . . and whose guilt will now probably let greece off the hook and cancel their debt due to some `` war reparations '' . 
  it is germans that paid for the crimes of the nazis . 
  lastly , do n't conflate `` muslims '' with `` pakistani muslims '' , which is specifically what i 'm talking about as they were the ones raping english girls . 
  it was n't indonesians of turks , but exclusively men of pakistani heritage . 
  so when you 're putting forward your counter point , do n't mistake me criticising any and all muslims and trying to demonise all 1.5 bn of them for the actions of some pakistani muslims in england . 
  i did n't downboat you . 
  i do n't downvote people on reddit . 
  it 's pathetic . 
   well , pakistan is in asia , so technically , they are right . 
  misleading ? 
  yes , since everyone associate asian with chinese/japanese . 
  sure , they 'd be `` technically right '' if they called them human too . 
  the bbc and the rest of the liberal press describe them as `` asian '' because do otherwise would be to open themselves up to the accusation of racism . 
  which as we know , is one of the more heinous crimes . 
  protecting community relations is more important than preventing them raping underaged girls . 
  oh . . one other thing . 
  there are * some * people in the uk who describe indians/pakistanis as `` asian '' . 
  it 's by no means universal .
