  totally agree . 
  the media here are pushing the `` norweigan citizen '' line though , at least until any anger subsides and people start to forget about it . 
  not to 60 year old women it is n't, 
  france and germany are far less densely populated than the uk , and both have urban areas all over the country . 
  we have london and that 's it . 
  sweden and denmark have tiny populations . 
  immigration is affecting us more , fact . 
  romania is the reason leave got over 50 % . 
  trust me nobody cared about the eu when it was white poles , but when the gypsy looking people started living 12 to a house and the daily mail reported on it , people said `` enough '' . 
  he does n't seem particularly sad , guilty or remorseful . 
  dedicated his medal to his family , but not his country . 
  the impression i get from reading between the lines is that he has a degree of sympathy for the apparent causes that led to the mass murder . 
  it 's a sign that literally hitler is approaching !, 
  worst uefa tournament ever . 
  this 24 team format must die . 
  gypsies living nomadic in romania are not likely to take part in a census . 
  someone who is `` part gypsy '' is likely to not say they are gypsy at all on a census . 
  i 'm inclined to doubt that 3.3 % figure , personally . 
  not all romanians are gypsies . . just 10 % or so . 
  enough for us not to want an open border , thank you very much . 
  also , you should know that it was romania 's entry to the eu that , i believe , pushed the leave vote over the line . 
  people did n't care that much about the eu in 2005 when poles came over . 
  but then the images of romanians begging started appearing in all the newspapers , and the rest is history . 
  the next eu treaty will include `` tax harmonisation '' so will threaten that . 
  we pay these cunts # 350m a week . 
  let 's fund our nhs instead . 
  the eternal anglo . 
  i 'll trade you the paintball gun for a shiny pikachu . 
  golden mean fallacy, 
  my point still stands though . 
   why would a pole or italian or slovakian go through all the trouble and expense of coming to work in the uk when they can go to any other european country for nothing and work straight away ? 
  especially with uk 's economy not what it was and the eu growing economically . 
  erm , language ? 
  do poles speak spanish ? 
  would they move to spain anyway . 
  not likely . 
  that leaves germany . 
  they all speak english though , that 's their preferred destination . 
  and they might have to apply for a visa online , big deal . 
  france and germany have their own languages as a natural barrier to entry . 
  basically anyone who wants to move to france has to be dedicated enough to learn french , usually of their own accord . 
  very few learn it in school . 
  in contrast , literally everyone learns english as a second language . 
  therefore english culture , which is intertwined with the english language , is much more susceptible to change from forces beyond our control . 
  i see , he purchased some literature from a white nationalist group in 1999 . 
  he appears to have had mental health problems in the more recent past . 
  i do n't know , maybe he is still a white nationalist , but maybe he 's just a lone nutcase . 
  too late . 
  the narrative has been established . 
  he was a `` far-right extremist '' in the eyes of the world . 
  everyone is talking of this quote on facebook and every newspaper front page in the uk tomorrow mentions it . 
  europe became great when it was a continent of competing nation states , never forget that . 
  many younger leavers will also feel a similar urge to emigrate should remain win . 
  people will feel resigned to never owning their own home and go abroad . 
  there are hundreds of thousands , many living in breeze block sheds in people 's gardens in london, 
  it 's not necessarily hypocrisy . 
  if you get on a half-crowded train , are you not allowed to protest against more people getting on it a few stops down the line once it gets rammed with people ? 
  i was reading a thread on / r/worldnews and it was full of self loathing british people saying how utterly embarrassed and ashamed they are of these england fans . 
  showered with upvotes too . 
  basically we do n't have an armenian lobby in the uk . 
  there are half a million in france . 
  a multi-ethnic society can not survive without strong handed leadership . 
  democracy does n't function well at all when every group is looking out for their own ethno religious interests . 
   theres no refugee crisis that is so bad it would turn me into a one issue voter who thinks voting for a far-right party is in the countries best interest . 
  im not exactly thrilled about immigration but treating it as the only thing that matters seems irrational at best . 
  here lies a problem with the democratic model . 
  politicians know that as long as immigration is n't affecting too many people at any one election , they can continue to import people with the knowledge that their jobs wo n't be decided based on it . 
  when problems begin to surface 30 or 40 years later , as in france , they will be long gone and not held accountable . 
  our economy just needs to be performing better than romania and bulgaria . 
  not a difficult task . 
  that reminds me of a place in paris called st. denis . 
  i visited it a few months ago , it 's honestly like another world . 
  if you ever get the chance , jump on a subway and go north for 30m . 
  not sustainable . 
  they 're all here in the uk . 
  romanians are gypsies are n't they ? 
   the eu was also a boon for the uk economy and quality of life . 
  debatable . 
  if you 're talking about the period from 1980-2000 , it 's certainly gon na be different to 2000-2020 , let 's be clear . 
  the eu is n't what it once was . 
  if it was so great , we would n't have voted leave . 
  afaik the nuke were not operational and needed russians make them usable . 
  it 's not that extreme for us - we are an island + have our own currency , leaving is much less complicated than a mainland country, 
  let 's not pretend it 's somehow equal amounts of traffic or capital going to both sides . 
  for every business that relocate to the eu , 1000 low skill eu workers come to the eu . 
  you see being a wealthy country as lucky ? 
  not hard work ? 
  here 's what i am slightly confused about . 
  it seems the eu is absolutely convinced that freedom of labour/movement is absolutely 100 % a great thing . 
  continentals seem to love it . 
  fine . 
  how would britain restricting freedom of movement then be seen as a `` cost '' , if it 's such a good thing ? 
  when you say `` the uk '' you mean `` businesses '' , not the average uk citizen . 
  part of why we left was because free movement between countries with wide differences in income levels leads to 100 % one way traffic from poor to rich . 
  downvote me again , i love it . 
  the law was written with the mindset of civilised european people fighting each other , not civilised european people fighting murdering terrorist low-iq scum . 
  they do n't think like you . 
  there was n't much need for internet privacy rights in 1970 , let 's be honest . 
  there also was n't terrorists running people over flying planes into buildings . 
  erghmahgahd the daily mail .
