  get ready for another russian proxy war in 10 years , poland !, 
  you 're equating the migration of 50,000 french huguenots over 20 years to the migration of 300,000 southern and eastern economic migrants every year ? 
  just as an aside , would you be espousing the same views if we had a net migration of 600,000 pa ? 
  what about a million ? 
  are we still `` benefitting from refugees and people coming to work here '' ? 
  i really like the estonian one ( the duet ) , shame europe did n't . 
  this competition is stupid anyway, 
  come on russia . 
  kick these effeminate swedes where the sun do n't shine . 
  ffs we gave 12pt to sweden . 
  are the voters all redditors ? 
  but the songs are known beforehand, 
  on the new sevastopol military base, 
  i know . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  anglo-irish alliance ? 
  i agree , seems a bit odd . 
  lol . 
  surely subtitles would be better . 
  breivik took a break from his bomb mixing process to tune in to some eurovision :-) ( lol ) http://i.imgur.com/mbrubgc.png, 
  [ it 's war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3bo6gp9nmy ), 
  i 'm saying estonia will win . 
  [ they had a really nice duet ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3708sz/eurovision_mega_thread/ ) go eesti !, 
  we did it reddit, 
  it probably works well in a town or village , or maybe a small country with a highly educated populace . 
  i do n't think it would work in the usa . 
  maybe the net cost was worth it , seeing as though they could restrict non-students and immigrants who potentially depress wages . 
  maybe they 're sitting there laughing at the good deal they 're getting for their people . 
  can you tell me what 's going on with the immigration referendum ? 
  i hear that it 's unimplementable , due to the eu saying `` no switzerland , you can not restrict freedom of movement '' or something . 
  any gossip ? 
  for that reason , we should leave the eu and then have a vote in 2 years about whether we want to re-join . 
  only fair . 
  honestly i do n't see how it works in practise . 
  if they have a referendum to limit immigration in 2001 , but then in 2008 get the reverse result , what happens ? 
  if they have a referendum to tighten gun laws . . but then make another one to loosen ammo laws , what happens ? 
  i suspect there is a constant state of gridlock , which the people do n't mind too much since the banks always operate just fine , much like belgium . 
  the country never sways right or left , always remains in the centre . 
  switzerland . . small country , well educated population , no history of nazism or fascism , historically neutral . 
  germany . . history of fascism and genocide , 80 million people meaning 49 % of people could be totally fucked by a referendum result . 
  strong , leading role in the eu means they have less autonomy and independence to implement a referendum result . 
  sorry , mean to clarify . 
  the article tries to misdirect people into thinking turks make up only a tiny amount of is fighters , by talking only about `` turks in europe '' . 
  i would agree with that . 
  but i think way more than `` a handful '' of turkish turks are currently in is now , or if not then aiding them by acting as a go-between or staging point . 
  in a country that is 99 % muslim and 80 million strong , it 's logical to think more than `` a handful '' will be fighting for is , especailly from high unemployment areas . 
  this is a 10 year plan , comrade !, 
  ahem did n't ataturk pretty much build ankara when it was just a small town of 75,000 people . 
  article states `` a handful '' are among the 25,000 ftf in is , i suspect it 's quite a bit more than that . 
  so , in theory , if the country was educated to a high degree , and could take pride in individual educational accomplishments , then nobody would mind having free movement with a country markedly poorer and more corrupt ? 
  surely every country needs some nationalists to protect tradition , culture and heritage . 
  otherwise the country would soon cease to exist . 
  you were born because your grandparents and ancestors were nationalistic enough to feel a sense of pride in their country and wish for you to become part of the nation 's fabric . 
  this `` nationalism is terrible '' argument has only been in vogue with liberal elitists since wwii because it caused the removal of jews , who had no homeland of their own . 
  interestingly , israel does n't think nationalism is bad - if they did they would not exist and would not have a home for their children . 
  why is it ok for israel to be nationalistic , but frowned upon for european countries ? 
  very interesting . 
  i 'd love more info on this , are these companies , multinationals registering these patents that just happen to be in uk/ch , or private individuals . 
  also , what kind , pharmaceutical , tech related , etc, 
  much like subredditdrama , then . 
  do you see how that is working out for the italians ? 
  they put them in a centre , give them a few euro and food , but they 're free do move about . 
  218,000 asylum applications in germany for the year to march 2015 !, 
  so once logged in the italian asylum centre , they can take the first train to berlin and claim asylum , and receive a substantially higher quality of life , more money , better housing , etc. 
  the ones that get their eu passports , can gravitate to britain , especially since we 've created more jobs in the last 5 years than the rest of the eu combined , the incentive is strong . 
  we have no control over that . 
  the freedom of movement , based in the treaty of rome 1957 , was always intended for the movement of homogenous , european peoples . 
  but now we 're forced to accept god knows who after they 've been given an eu passport in a country who 's citizenship laws we have no control or say over . 
  and even if we did have a say , the gridlock in dealing with it takes many years . 
  but they are young men , overwhelmingly . 
  do you agree ? 
  what about the morals and ethics for the long-term future of the unity of the eu ? 
  where does that factor in ? 
  this year , 1m migrants will arive . 
  the plan to spread them out it enacted , but unenforceable because of eu freedom of movement laws . 
  so they all stay in germany , uk and sweden . 
  2020 , all three elect governments on a far-right manifesto , promising to go to brussels and tell them what for . 
  eu stability damaged . 
  future of the eu cast in doubt . 
  germans begin to lose their enthusiasm , do n't bail out greece and portugal any more . 
  now ? 
   if it 's ruled illegitimate we can do whatever we want with them . 
  not really . 
  `` i 'd be tortured if i returned to country x '' . 
  now what ? 
  years of appeals . 
  by which time , they 've probably got some job , learnt the language , maybe have a girlfriend , a kid , so they 're more likely to be granted asylum by then . 
  de capitate . 
  yes it does , economically . 
  the only way they exist is by being a tax haven for corporations . 
  that 's pretty far right to me . 
  spot on . 
  le sigh, 
  i guess it depends on how bad and how corrupt the country you 're emigrating from is , and how strong your nationality is entwined with your identity . 
  the exception , rather than the norm , 
  then you have another problem , how do you stop your clever people all migrating to uk or germany ? 
  do you see a viable future for your nation ? 
  shocked . 
  probably for good reason . 
  romanians get a bad rep here too because since eu accession , we now have gypsies begging for money on oxford st and camping in hyde park .
