  the eu would n't be such a shitfest if was just us and the nordic countries . 
  as it stands there are too many corrupt underdeveloped countries like romania which as you know will ultimately be its undoing . 
  we did n't sign up to this shit back in 1973 . 
  \\  scandi `` banter '' . 
  gypsy genocide when ? 
  why are romania in the eu again ? 
  uk almost winning the low tax arms race . 
  come on lads we can do it . 
  romania also has a very big problem with tax evasion . 
  i wonder how much $ $ the govt . 
  will make by increasing it . 
  is there a more eurosceptic european subreddit i can join ? 
  no murdoch is n't . 
  look at the sun readership figures for 1997 compared to 2014 . 
  he has way less power via his media outlets now . 
  the internet has helped bring this along . 
  how many people will lose their job over something like this though ? 
  some will benefit with lower premiums , but the net cost to society will likely be far higher do you not think . 
  dae atlanticists are retarded and moderate europhiles are sagan ? 
  amirite u guys, 
  thats like saying you can support two football clubs in the same league 100 % . 
  what if they play each other ? 
  support for one must trump the other . 
  `` do you feel more british or a citizen of the eu '' ? 
  `` do you feel like a citizen of the eu ? '', 
  people 's national identities have n't wholly been subverted by the european project - yet so q1 will lead to less people feeling like a citizen of the eu in a poll . 
  q2 removes the emotional aspect of the question of where people feel they belong , and asks the question in a cold , matter of factly way . 
  it 's easier to answer ` yes ' because it 's a lazier answer and it requires no thinking , technically all eu citizens are citizens of the eu . 
  whether they ` feel ' like a citizen will vary wildly depending on who you ask , whether the world cup is on , whether they are employed in a eu-related industry , etc etc etc etc, 
  ignore it . 
  the question can be phrased a variety of ways , and will subsequently give wildly differing results . 
  i 'm 99.9 % certain i could spend 2 minutes googling and find a recent ` study ' or ` poll ' that looks largely unfavourable to the eu . 
  it would n't get seen on this sub though because nobody would upboat it . 
  here 's a good example if how easy it is to manipulate public opinion by using qualitative research https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0zzjxw4mta, 
  and also do n't always believe the musings of a briton and its respective upvotes on a almost wholly pro-european pro-eu subreddit . 
  fair ? 
  stop lying . 
  ukip , a non-entity of a political party , just won a freaking national election . 
  the eurosceptics are the majority . 
  the europhiles arguments have all been shown to be dead wrong . 
  mandleson , kennedy , blair . . they 're all staying quiet these days . 
  read this http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/8780075/the-great-euro-swindle.html naturally i accept i 'm not going to find many who agree with me on a europhile subreddit , so downvote away . . 
  i question the validity of this `` poll '' . 
  ask the question a slightly different way and i 'm certain we 'd get quite different results . 
  how is this question phrased ? 
  is it `` do you feel like a citizen of the european union ? 
  '' , which would undoubtably score higher than `` do you feel more like a part of the uk or part of the eu '' . 
  this smells like pro-eu propaganda . 
  [ this is how people with agendas manipulate public opinion . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0zzjxw4mta ) * `` look everyone , a large majority of europeans feel like true eu citizens !, 
  brexit when ? 
  yes i do love this smug superior feeling i get when i decide that ` action ' is for plebs and rational , logical ` debate ' is always the answer . 
  that 's why i feel so at home on reddit . 
   we have this awful political system in which one party spends 4 years telling the other `` fuck you , we won , your ideas are stupid '' yea , give me this ` awful ' system over bullshit ` consensus ' weak-as-shit politics anyday . 
  that 's only one or two subreddits , 99 % of reddit thinks sweden is like a america minus ugly women , guns , and unrestrained free market liberalism . 
  posting admiration for sweden on reddit is the 21st century doigital equivalent of hanging a che guevara poster on your teenage bedroom wall . 
  b-b-ut reddit told me le sweden was a liberal utopia, 
  pretty much . 
  also reddit not really representative of society at large :p, 
  ancient greeks \u2260 modern greeks . 
  too much has changed since then . 
  ancient greeks \u2260 greeks . 
  rest easy with your 50 % youth unemployment , your best and brightest emigrating to uk usa and aus , and all your tourism bucks drying up . 
  in 20 years greece will be like syria . 
  enjoy ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  constantinople is turkish . 
  smyrna is turkish . 
  northern cyprus is turkish . 
  greeks steal turkish cuisine . 
  greeks invented anal sex . 
  macedonia is an independent country . 
  costa rica is in the quarter finals . 
  stay mad . 
  is this because of the romanian gypsies ? 
  some parts of europe have been inundated with them . 
  unbelievably offensive to some people, 
  same thing is happening in syria daily . 
  extreme violence footage does n't need to make the news for people to be aware of it happening . 
  i do n't think we should have the right to see cctv of someones murder or rape , out of respect for the victim . 
  same should apply on reddit . 
  if you ca n't take it upon yourself not to post this , this is where we need censorship . 
  you are welcome to post this on liveleak . 
  i 've seen some shit . 
  i do n't want / r/europe to become a shockfest . 
  i 've reported the op and i encourage others to do the same . 
  we hope so too . 
  this should n't be in / r/europe . 
  his wife is such a qt . 
  all mps must also swear allegiances to the queen too . 
  i 'll be sure to look up the statistics for those particular crimes in relation to ethnicity , and if there are some stark anomalies , lobby the government to reduce incoming migration from those countries too . 
  i have to thank both the eu , and the recent eu enlargment for being the push needed to get us the fuck out of this doomed union , 
  wiki imo is turning into a farce , with its inclusiveness policy resulting the criteria for a wiki article being set lower . 
  all you need now is a few friends , a cause , twitter , blogs , and bam !, 
  your very own wiki article , which massively legitimises whatever you 're lobbying for . 
  apparently , the german speaking wikipedia does n't allow this bullshit and the editors there are far more exclusionist . 
  good on them , i say . 
  the english speaking wiki is too open to abuse with lobbying and bias . 
  * xenophobia is the irrational or unreasoned fear of that which is perceived to be foreign or strange * disliking gypsies is neither irrational nor unreasoned , i 'm sure you would agree . 
  your country has 2-3 million of them . 
  yes i am prejudiced against gypsies , i was n't aware they were a race though so thanks for educating me .
