would that be the same ` right wing pressure group ' that has been proved correct in every forecast and prediction they have made since 2002 ? 
  would that be the same group whose numbers proved more accurate than the home office predictions ? 
  the same group that was was right and held their ground in the face of either being ignored by the msm or [ vilified ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/editorials/a-nasty-little-group-playing--an-old-and-unwelcome-trick-172274.html ) by them, 
  13 upvotes . 
  the pro-scandinavian love-in on reddit continues unabated . 
  oh by the way , upvote this comment if you < 3 sweden, 
  yes , i am full of shit because it was 1/50 not 1/500 . 
  i 'm very sorry for wasting your time . 
  feel free to reply with more insults , i certainly deserve it . 
  i could post 10 links and you 'll still find a way to disregard my point . 
  sorry , goodbye . 
  i do n't have to ` prove ' everything i write . 
  in real life do you interrupt people discussing something shouting `` can you please prove that with proper sources please '' ? 
  here you go anyway [ no . 
  of romanians/bulgarians in uk as of 03/14 - 200,000 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/10822320/up-to-200000-romanians-and-bulgarians-now-in-uk.html ) it 's probably more with lots of undocumented people living either homeless or in the cash economy . 
  of brits living in romania - 3 to 4000 ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/british-expats-in-romania-they-come-over-here-taking-our-jobs-8492393.html ) and i bet half of those are retired people living off savings , and a smattering of people working in the tech industry or something for a year before leaving . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i agree , tell it to my bulgarian friend here pointing out `` i know a brit working as a painter in romania '' . 
  for every one hull painter that you meet in romania there are 500 romanians i 've met working as builders/cleaners/prostitutes , [ homeless people setting up camp in london parks ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-22859172 ) , [ squatters ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/were-not-going-to-leave-house-say-edmonton-squatters-6361400.html?origin=internalsearch ) or just plain [ thieves ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2515917/police-hunt-romanian-atm-thieves-90-uk-cashpoint-fraud.html ) in the uk . 
  so your anecdote , whilst a cool interesting fact to pro-eu redditors who likely will nod their head along to it and tell themselves ` see ? 
  it 's a two way street  ' means nothing really . 
  in a way i do n't mind , the more romanians that come settle in the uk in their hundreds of thousands , the more likely we are to vote to leave this union . 
  what , you mean the brits that might go there for 2 weeks , get drunk piss about and go home ? 
  or the ones that pass through for 2 weeks while backpacking ? 
  or the rich retired couples buying a cheap holiday home to live in and live off their own savings ? 
  how many brits are taking [ 50-hour coach trips ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/bucharest-to-london-meet-the-romanians-taking-the-52hour-bus-ride-in-searchof-a-new-life-9040158.html ) to bulgaria to work minimum wage , clean toilets , and ` start a new life ' ? 
  how many are going to romania to work for cash money in the black economy , and live 3-to-a-room in a house in a bucharest suburb ? 
  cultural marxist please go . 
  it is n't about ` left wing vs right wing ' anymore , neither is it about rich vs poor . 
  i wish people would stop thinking of politics as a x-axis spectrum , with labour on the left , tories on the right and ` the far right ( bnp ) ' further to the right than the tories . 
  it 's a complete nonsense . 
  the political battleground is more and more divided by the educated , rich , urban elite that control the media and the political parties and the poor , disaffected , disconnected rural/coastal people who are not being represented . 
  because more people speak english than german ( every eu citizens learns english as a second language for a start ) , because the police here generally leave you alone no matter what ethnicity you are , because there are a wider variety of nationalities here making it easy to find a community of people from your country , because the uk is receiving more direct foreign investment due to being in the eu but not the eurozone , lots of reasons . 
  eh yeah i would n't take this ` infographic ' at face value . 
  they might be heading to france/germany as a transit point for their eventual destination of the uk . 
  there 's nothing to stop them coming to the uk once they are eu citizens , i do n't know if you 've noticed but [ we 've just had huge waves of eu migrants come the the uk since 2011 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-28964323 ) , since we 're recovering economically faster than any eurozone country . 
  this is the no. 1 reason why anti-eu sentiment is rising rapidly as ukip won the euro elections and just got their first mp , there are so many people coming here but not the facilities to support them . 
  people from romania and bulgaria and southern europe are living 6 or 7 to a house , it 's no joke . 
  how are they defining ` go to ' ? 
  what if they are in germany and france in transit to their final destination , the uk ? 
  so what can ` the eu ' do ? 
  fuck all , that 's what . 
  sure buddy . 
  let 's all pretend you do n't have gypsy relatives you pretend do n't exist . 
  how many of your cousins are living in the one house on my street , is it 15 now ? 
  no need to piss off romanians . 
  they are already deeply ashamed of their roma heritage and centuries-old intermixing . 
  because we 're in a coalition government the effect is more pronounced . 
  a fucking ` twitter campaign ' can actually result in legislation being passed in the hoc nowadays, 
  pr government = perpetual weak government and back-room deals . 
  can you or anyone else tell me a country that has pr and does n't have constant ` negotiations ' every election and is generally irrelevant ? 
  microstates and tiny caribbean islands or whatever need not apply . 
  yes so we can have perpetual weak coalition ` consensus-building ' governments like belgium , giving more power to lobby groups which lack accountability . 
  naw thanks , pal . 
  when you download a torrent you are also seeding ( uploading ) . 
  i heard you can get hit with mega fines for that . 
  but germany has very strict anti piracy legislation that , unlike the uk , they actually enforce . 
  so , yeah , swings and roundabouts . 
  the tories the tories the tories, 
  too many people wanting to live in nice plush central areas is part of the problem too . 
  how ? 
  they 're just russified turks with oil . 
  this is great to hear . 
  i really hope battery tech progresses significantly in the next 5 years to make e-cars a lot more viable for europeans as a whole . 
  you do n't understand . 
  people that want repatriation of powers are pretty much nazis , did n't you get the memo ? 
  he is literally one step away from being a hitler and killing six millions jews . 
  he is definitely `` of that persuasion '' . 
  meanwhile my welsh friend here on the other hand here is a good little anti-racist peace-loving progressive europhile , and so in turn earns himself an upvote from me . 
  i 'm certainly not going to upvote a nazi . 
  absolutely . 
  how exactly would a one-size-fits-all policy work here ? 
  some countries use more energy , some countries can afford to pay more . 
  nonsense . 
  nobody on reddit ever seems to give the other side of the argument , it 's generally one big circlejerk, 
  how do you measure hurt or damage to a countries moral fabric ? 
  just because it 's intangible , does that mean we should disregard it ? 
  what about the knock-on effects of crime , trafficking and drug addiction - again hard to directly attribute it to prostitution . 
  what about even further knock-on effects of things like social disorder stemming from lack of available sex or love , in stable relationships ? 
  \\  anyways , we are ones of the few enlightened countries in which prostitution is legal . 
  why is prostitution ` enlightening ' - that suggest places where prostitution is criminalised are ` backwards ' . 
  literally in 1950s . 
  is this that ` cultural marxism ' thing i 've been hearing about ? 
  ehh some are decent , some not so decent . 
  considering my area has been overrun with romanians i 'm pretty sure i have some idea of what i 'm talking about . 
  sure, 
  sure , but in pure population terms , germans living in cities with great internet would outnumber some small country with great internet by 10-1 , yet would be placed lower on the table . 
   romania is filled with beautiful women ridf please go . 
  romania is one of the poorest countries in the eu . 
  beauty is correlated with wealth . 
  plus , there are plenty of romanians here , they are seriously nothing to write home about . 
  they all seem to have a serious case of bitchy resting face , too . 
  northern slav women are better looking and have better personalities . 
  you become a single parent . 
  thank you i was just about to post this . 
  we have the best bus , it 's beautiful . 
  thank you boris . 
  i laugh when i hear this . 
  its manipulation of history . 
  post-ww2 peace in europe didnt come about in any significant way due to the european union , it was becayse european countries lost their global power , replaced by the us and the soviets .
