  soooo . . could mhp , chp and hdp all conspire to form a government over 50 % and keep akp out ? 
  but he was elected . 
  multiple times . 
  salmonds still a much bigger cunt though . 
  so , like , strasserist nazism . 
  we 've been here before . 
  in 5 years , expect the media and the intelligentsia to say ` germany has always been a nation of immigrants ' . 
  i guess eesti can into sweden . 
  the spirit of martin luther lives on . 
  interestingly , i do n't see wikileaks releasing chinese or russian diplomatic cables . 
  if the leaks provided equal damage to both parties i might be a bit more in favour . 
  as it happens , it only damages europe and the us , while allowing rampant governmental corruption in communist and present day china/russia to remain a secret . 
  `` information wants to be free - but only information which damages the west '' . 
  too much laughing and clapping , could n't watch . 
  can anyone tell me why blatter is still around ? 
  did n't he say he 'd step down after 2010 , or 2014 ? 
  what an absolute cunt . 
  just wanted to clarify before responding to your post . 
  you 'll forgive me for thinking your ethnicity might play a part in your views on migration . 
  so , you are ok with current levels of migration as long as it 's in the same `` proportion '' as it was 300 years prior . 
  ok , firstly , your numbers of off whack . 
  64,000,000 x 0.002 is 128,000 per year , multiply by 20 years it 's 2.5 m not 1.25 m. 
  current migration is over 300,000 per year . 
  and you 're missing out on one factor , that 50,000 huguenots figure was over a 20 year timespan , not 50,000 a year net . 
  public services certainly are n't fixed , however it is prudent to be able to estimate how much will be needed for the next 5-10 years . 
  we ca n't do that now . 
  councils do n't know how many school places will be needed , because a coachload of romanian families might set up camp in their jurisdiction and demand a place for their 25 kids . 
   if a migrant is law-abiding , contributing , and willing to settle in the uk and integrate well within society , they are british in my eyes ; just like the migrants that came before them . 
  anything less is surely discriminatory . 
  i did n't say anything about britishness , you 'll note . 
  and do you think someone coming from slovakia to stack shelves in tesco is a net contributor ? 
  is the pittance they pay in taxes covering their cost to society ? 
  is it adequately covering their healthcare costs , the cost for their kids to be educated , their housing benefit , etc ? 
  before you reply with `` yea , but natives do that do '' , yes , but we have a measure of control over that . 
   see your ranking of the top 4 of population density conveniently left out netherlands and simultaneously assumed that wales , scotland and ni had declared independence . 
  but that is beyond the point , population density very often correlate to better economic development not worse . 
  scotland , wales and ni receive almost no migration . 
  95 % of arrivals settle in already overpopulated towns and cities across england . 
  scotland also makes up 40 % of the landmass of the uk , whiile having only 5m people , it makes sense to exclude them from density statistics . 
  england 's area is 130,000 km ^ 2 , population 55,000,000 , that 's a density of 425 people per km ^ 2 . 
  now reflect on that while you 're [ comparing density statistics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_and_dependent_territories_by_population_density ) . 
  netherlands is comparable in density to england , yes , fine . 
  i do n't see any eastern europeans learning dutch in school , though , i do see them all learning english , making us the natural go-to destination . 
   lastly so what if more europeans come here to seek work , if they can be denied benefits and support themselves here while paying taxes would be , in my books , contributing to the society . 
  they bring their skills and their knowledge here and we are all enriched by it . 
  to deny immigration has a positive impact on society is very biased and its people like you who will lead us into obscurity . 
  what about the ones that do n't bring skills ? 
  do you think everyone coming here has a skill ? 
  that 's naive . 
  we have no idea who is coming here , get it through your head . 
  also stop taking `` europeans '' as a group . 
  one french-qatari billionaire coming here provides a net contribution that offsets 10,000 newly-arrived eritrean refugees , so that 's a `` net benefit '' , are you content with that ? 
  people like you will smugly point to our gdp stats and say `` this proves you 're wrong '' , analysis shows it 's a little more complex than that . 
  also , how `` enriched '' are we by [ homeless romanian gypsies ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-23374241 ) begging for money on oxford street ? 
  is that `` enriching '' ? 
  are we `` enriched '' by jamaican drug dealers , or pakistani child rapists ? 
  you seem to have an aversion to treating `` immigrants '' as anything other than an entire bloc of net-contributors . 
  why do n't we permit the inflow of the top 30 % , but restrict the inflow of the bottom 30 % ? 
  may i ask what your ethnicity is ? 
  meh , who knows what the future will bring . 
  the eu might well see zero growth and rampant unemployment . 
  you might start seeing more migrants on your streets , competing for jobs and public services . 
  the uk might leave and do really well , undermining the whole project . 
  poland might become ever dependent on imported oil and gas . 
  then poland might start looking eastward . 
  future wars need n't be fought with guns , the future soldiers will be sitting behind their computers . 
  a * lot * of misinformation here i 'm afraid . 
  i 'm not going to pick apart every sentence , but let me just address the most egregious errors . 
  huguenots were protestant christians who came over because they were being persecuted by the french catholics . 
  there was a wave that came to england numbering 50,000 , over a period of a few decades . 
  that 's in no way comparable to the levels of migration we are experiencing today , no period in history is . 
  i do n't see what `` ease of interconnectedness '' has to do with things like strain on public services . 
  migrants from ee are indeed younger , and they do contribute to the public purse in the short term , but they get old too , meaning a new wave of migrants is needed to pay for them as they get older . 
  do you know what a ponzi scheme is ? 
  poland has had `` more growth '' but they were starting from a very low place , so that is n't in itself impressive if you take it as a simple percentage . 
  you 're also assuming that migration from s/e countries will slow down , but that is assuming that their economies will rapidly grow thus migration inflow will be reduced . 
  i do n't buy that for several reasons . 
  1 ) they already are building a well-established community in the uk , meaning even 10 years from now the average migrant will be significantly better off than if he stayed in romania . 
  2 ) 2004-2010 saw significant growth in the eu but the eu has been stagnant since then , many predicting a decade at least of stagnation in most parts of s/e europe . 
  this means the incentive to migrate is stronger than it might have been 7 or 8 years ago . 
  3 ) poland is significantly better off than romania , corruption is not as endemic , public services are of a higher standard , there is a significant disparity of average income between the two . 
  there are 2,000,000 brits around the eu , mainly in spain and france . 
  half are asset and cash-rich retired pensioners . 
  i 'm not seeing any brits searching for work in romanian farms , or a tesco in slovakia , why would we when the disparity in wages are so great ? 
  sorry to correct you , but it 's currently very much a one-way street . 
  do n't think a few thousand brits working in a german bank or the tech sector over there is significant in any way . 
  your final statement is also extraordinarily misleading . 
  australia and canada are massive countries with a shitload of land . 
  they do n't have the same pressure on public services as a tiny european country does . 
  above 10m people , and excluding city-states , england is in the top 4 of population density alongside bangladesh , taiwan and south korea . 
  they also have the key ability to * control * the numbers . 
  if in 5 years , they find they 've had too much , they have the power to reduce it to a more acceptable level . 
  or , if they have n't enough , they can increase it at will . 
  we do n't have that power . 
  we do n't know if in 2017 , 700,000 will come from spain , italy , portugal , bulgaria , etc , all countries that have massive unemployment problems and have done for a while now - with little sign of improvement . 
  people like you are incredibly dangerous to the future well being of the uk . 
  i do n't see anything about `` 30 years '' in this document . . do you mean they are eligible for conscription up to the age of 30 ? 
  penalties seem to be 6 months imprisonment , up to 15 years ( probably in extreme cases ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure the us in the 19th c and most of the 20th c had restrictive immigration policies that favoured europeans . 
  get ready for another russian proxy war in 10 years , poland !,
