do they just enforce the rules equally ? 
  a bit off topic , but i can tell you that they do n't do that here . 
  if you 're on the subway without a ticket and a ticket inspector comes , you can just pretend to not knowing any swedish and not understanding anything and they wo n't even bother giving you a fine . 
  this would of course only work if you 're from the mena countries . 
  they 've stolen it from http://www.heinelt-comic.de/arbeiten/bvg-berlin/ . 
  i thought the old testament was a part of the bible . 
  maybe i 've read the wrong bible then . 
  you 're only digging yourself deeper down here . 
  the old testament is a part of the bible , yes of course . 
  but why is it there ? 
  it 's to show the prophecies before jesus and to get an understanding as to why jesus came . 
  remember , jesus did not want to form his own religion . 
  he wanted to reform judaism . 
  the old testament is actually the torah , which is a very important document in judaism . 
  it 's not there for christians to follow its rules blindly - that was what jesus opposed , and it 's there to show that ( among other things ) . 
   so it 's not homophobic to forbid gay sex ? 
  got it . 
  who is advocating the forbidding of gay sex ? 
  if you 're a christian , then that 's your problem . 
  if you as a christian participate in gay sex then you 're going against the christian teaching . 
  but who 's to stop you ? 
  once again , who is advocating a ban on gay sex ? 
   yes , but state marriage should n't have a christian perspective . 
  marriage was n't invented by christianity and finland is supposed to be a secular country . 
  you 'll have a lot of problems with that reasoning . 
  both finland and sweden is founded upon christianity . 
  even though we 're a heavily secular country with a majority of non-practicing christians , we have christianity everywhere in our society . 
  we do n't notice it since we 're so used to it . 
  if you want to remove christianity from our secular societies , then you 'd have to redo the majority of the laws and throw our culture in the bin . 
   but he also said `` hate the sin , love the sinner '' . 
  he hated homosexuality , but not homosexuals . 
  that 's still homophobic . 
  exactly . 
  but it 's not homophobic . 
  as i wrote in my previous post , the definition of homophobia is dislike of or prejudice against homosexual people . 
  if jesus did n't hate homosexuals , then he did n't dislike homosexuals and nor was he prejudiced against them . 
  hating homosexuality but not having anything against homosexuals is not homophobic . 
  you can be against this way of thinking if you wish , but please do not label it things that it is n't . 
  the definition of `` homophobia '' is very clear . 
  as i said , you have n't studied the religion . 
  you are quoting leviticus , which is a part of the old testament . 
  christians are exempt from that . 
  with that being said , practice of homosexuality is regarded as a sin in christianity , but you are n't going to be put to death for it . 
  what did jesus do when others were going to stone an adulteress ? 
  the reason as to why homosexual acts are forbidden is because a marriage should lead to children . 
  two men ca n't have sex and get children and neither can two women . 
  that is why homosexuals ca n't marry . 
  it would n't make any sense to let them marry from a christian perspective since they ca n't have children . 
  what you have to understand is that being homosexual is not regarded as a sin in christianity . 
  there is nothing wrong with being homosexual . 
  it 's the practice of it that 's a sin , since it 's outside of marriage . 
  a woman and a man having sex outside of marriage is just as big of a sin as two men or two women having sex . 
  it 's not because of the homosexuality per se . 
  and since homosexuality is n't regarded as something bad , you ca n't say that christianity is a homophobic religion . 
  the definition of homophobia is dislike of or prejudice against homosexual people . 
  in christian teaching homosexuals are n't disliked . 
  neither are there prejudice against them . 
  with that being said , there of course are homophobic denominations that do frown upon homosexuals for the sake of being homosexual , but you ca n't accuse all of christianity for this . 
  the majority of all christians belong to denominations that adhere to what i wrote in the paragraphs before . 
  so yes , christian values could be an explanation to the situation in finland . 
  but this is not because of some homophobia that stems from christianity , but rather because of the view that marriage should be between one man and one woman and yield children . 
  sure . 
  only republics have governments now ? 
  good to know . 
  i do n't know if there 's another reason than christian values . 
  i ca n't speak for finland . 
  i do know however that labeling christianity as `` homophobic '' is a gross oversimplification and that you probably have n't studied the religion . 
  whether or not it is homophobic depends on the reason as to why homosexuals have `` less rights '' . 
  no no , these `` paperless refugees '' are 100 % legit refugees that have just lost their papers . 
  why would you think that they intentionally destroyed them to hide malice ? 
  what are you ? 
  a racist ? 
   but if gays do n't have the same rights as straight people , is n't that homophobic ? 
  no it 's not . 
  there could be reasons that are n't based upon emotions . 
  do you even know what `` homophobia '' means ? 
   not long after that the government passed a law giving wide rights to gays . 
  democracy in action ... 
  yeah , i 'm well aware of that . 
  importing furniture is way cheaper than importing relatives that aim to live off of welfare . 
  good . 
  they should force the families to pay for the import themselves too . 
   in addition , this would make it harder for any relative as well - their personal file would say they are related to someone suspicious . 
  a bit off topic now , but wow that sounds really stupid . 
  would you say that the state 's distrust of their own citizens was what led the gdr to fall ? 
  what 'd happen if you 'd refuse to have a flag on your balcony ? 
  so beautiful . 
  they changed the 1000kr note to make hammarskj\u00f6ld look even cooler . 
  did they design those to increase the support for the euro ? 
  it 'll sure be interesting to see how this country fares when the next financial crisis is here . 
  probably not as good as the last time ... 
  this is n't a joke . 
  another source : http://www.aftonbladet.se/senastenytt/ttnyheter/inrikes/article19642102.ab, 
  you 've never seen me defend those policies , because i have n't . 
  learn to read . 
  you do n't help the cause of europe by behaving like this . 
  also grow up and stop playing games on the electric jew . 
  what ? 
  far left ? 
  lol .
