  this would imply that at least in one point in time you could walk into a store and buy a fully auto assault rifle , which is something you ca n't even do in the us ( at least since the 90s ) . 
  also , is this a sporting 0.22 ak , or 5.56 / 7.62 real deal type of ak ? 
  it 's [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zastava_m70 ) . 
  slightly used though . 
  wowowowow hold up 1 . there 's a gun store that sells aks legaly in poland ? 
  $ 644 is a fucking robbery , i can find it for a third of the price, 
  lol , knowing the italians , they 'd anschluss the nearest brothel and stop there . 
  well , given that we 're landlocked , any sea will do , but we 'd much rather take croatia 's see than yours . 
  1 . dutch encounter gypsies 2 . dutch give gypsies money 3 . gypsies move to netherlands 4 . gg, 
  try getting into more debt , it might bother you more . 
  but since bulgaria is eastern serbia , then that would make macedonia western eastern bulgaria , and since west and east cancel out , it would make macedonia bulgaria . 
  sapunjara in serbian , or `` soap bacon '' . 
  good for frying eggs with on top of lard . 
  the vlachs in serbia are mostly assimilated and see themselves as serbs except when they 're sacrificing pigs and practicing vlach magics, 
  bulgaria borders turkey, 
  you now me on smoke nice, 
  amen, 
  how much for 1 kilo of kidneys ? 
  2/10 needs more teargas, 
  many, 
  you 're welcome, 
  it 's not a sport , it 's a lifestyle . 
  in serbia : 1 . football 2 . baskteball ( close second to football , cause we smart , we loyal , we genius ) 3 . tennis ( primarily because of djokovic - when he retires i assume it will drop back down to obscurity ) 4 . waterpolo 5 . handball/volleyball, 
  mostly the sudden lack of telco wiring in my neighbourhood, 
  3/4 person 1/4 copper, 
  it 's a gypsy you retard, 
  around 2008 i paid ~ 150 cad if i recall for cable and 20mbps internet ( rogers ) . 
  when did canada get good internet ? 
  that 's probably because you live in a village or some shit, 
  ugh , we 've been telling you this for centuries . 
  [ spit ] roast pork with home made bread and cheeses and other stuff . 
  it has nothing do with cigarette stupid kurva we are die from uranium deplete give to us from america when drop bomb on 1999, 
  1 . not after i one hit headshot you with my ak , then pick up your m4 and proceed to teabag your corpse 2 . then pick my ak back up because m4 is shit, 
  yeah . 
  think of it as a 7.62 mm armor piercing pitchfork . 
  1 . one hit headshot against armor unlike the m4 2 . 
  400 dollars cheaper than m4, 
  store bought dobos torta in serbia is better than any you will find in hungary, 
  dobos torta best torta, 
  i 'll bet you the entire croatian coast that he 's gon na be a puppet . 
   the preferential treatment kosovo gets from the international community is also baffling . 
  https://www.wikiwand.com/en/camp_bondsteel * camp bondsteel has many facilities on base for use by the soldiers and civilian employees who live and work there , and can hold up to 7,000 soldiers which makes it the largest us base in the balkans . 
  yeah , but ireland is an island . 
  what 's your excuse ? 
  [ sorry to disappoint shqip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y609gsxhyii ), 
  [ ugh , kinda ] ( https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/serbian-abortion-rate-at-epidemic-proportions ) . 
  hehe you guys are like a catholic saudi arabia . 
  or serbia . 
  we do amazing abortions . 
  do n't you have abortions in poland ? 
  pretty sure they have neither, 
  haha the welsh one looks like a petrol station, 
   serbia has an interesting building . 
  [ we city 17 boys ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/half-life/images/a/a6/overwatch_nexus1.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100330155937&amp;path-prefix=en ), 
  good laughs comrade * wink * * wink *, 
  lol pretty sure no one is going to ask us at this point . 
  also pretty sure that we 're not gon na get in , so all is good . 
  most do n't , and it generally has nothing to do with russia . 
  ah yeah , the 2k is the combatants . 
  actually , we did n't even try to genocide our little southern bunker dwellers , we just ethnically cleansed them by forcing them to move . 
  the death toll during the kosovo war ( both before and during nato bombing ) was pretty low on all sides ( ~ 2k on each side if i remember correctly ) . 
  wasteland rebel is my cup of 7.62 mm tea, 
  not really viable if the ts are on a full buy, 
  not many , we ate most of them . 
  we have tractors though . 
  we can be mongolians, 
  you will never ever win anything in basketball ever again, 
  sounds like something someone who eats rye bread would say . 
  our languages are very similar . 
  https://www.wikiwand.com/en/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate checkmate, 
  this shit is textbook stockholm syndrome . 
  albanians are famous for their phyllo pastry , not bread . 
  best bread is serbian bread , and if you disagree , i 'd be happy send you a shipment of `` bread '' using our world-famous `` bread artillery '' . 
  i 'm already fashioning a brick to dent your head in . 
  oh wait , it 's not a brick , it 's a piece of rye bread . 
   it seemed weird to me that they charge you for plastic bags in supermarkets we had the same thing is serbia until early 2000s . 
  honestly , that 's reason enough to kick them out of the eu if you ask me . 
  the only good bread is mainland european bread . 
  north america has shit bread , i do n't even know how they dare call that shit bread ; asia also has shit bread , except for vietnam which has amazing bread ( french influence ) , but this is understandable because their staple food is rice . 
  i also heard from a friend who worked in hamburg that north german bread is shit , and if you want good old white fluffy bread it 's really expensive . 
  i 've had no bad experiences with bread in munich though , so i ca n't complain . 
  in fact , i found the bakeries almost identical to the serbian ones . 
  also , bread in nordic countries and russia is terrible . 
  rye bread is not bread you fucking ingrates . 
  and do n't put fucking seeds in bread ughhh fuck . 
  the italians and french have good bread , but also shit bread , because they experiment too much and come up with a million kinds of bread , most of which are retarded . 
  i guess you have to do something when you 're on strike . 
  also , turkey , middle eastern countries , india and pakistan have good bread , but differently shaped than european loaf-based bread : lavash , ekmek , naan , etc. 
  baguettes are the best though, 
  wait , you guys have a little bit of sea , right ? 
   i forgot that montenegro existed . 
  no worries , happens to all of us . 
   put them back ashore in serbia or albania hahah joke 's on you , we do n't have a shore !, 
  still do n't like eu , and come time for referendum , i 'll vote against it because i disagree with it . 
  i can just say i 'm syrian . 
  you should probably get some , they 're pretty cool . 
  honestly , i 'm not too big on the eu , as i do n't agree with it on a base level . 
  as far as the open borders , i 'm not talking about visa 's , i 'm talking about controlled borders and checkpoints . 
  for instance , when i go to hungary , i stop at the border , the hungarians take a look at my passport , give it back , and i 'm on my way - it does n't really inconvenience me that much . 
  do n't you have bears and wolves in the uk ?
