soon, 
  every single slovene i 've met ( ranging from 14 year old kids , to 20 something year olds ) could both understand and speak serbian/croatian . 
  having the islamic state cruise freely above the skies of europe sprinkling hatred on the continent of freedom is an affront to everything * we * , the europeans stand for . 
  i am outraged . 
  at the moment , absolutely no reason for anyone to apply for political asylum ( or any other kind really ) . 
  as burex mentioned above , it 's mostly a hack for the roma ( and apparently kosovo albanians ) to get money . 
  we actually had a problem with this a couple of years ago because roma figured out they could ask for asylum and have it granted quite easily , which then caused a huge number of them to apply , which then obviously pissed off germany and austria ( where most of them want to go ) . 
  these types of asylum requests are now denied . 
  so , the numbers are not quite what they seem . 
  i 'm there , i just do n't comment . 
  beast , engage cruise control while i slumber . 
  you have no idea, 
  we are very tolerant of our gypsies , no genocide or anything ... 
  he 's angry because gypsies are stealing his copper wiring and unjustly blames romania . 
  stop asking questions , or i 'm gon na have to make it three . 
  thanks bro , you romans are all right . 
  i sometimes wonder what would have happened if you had conquered britain all that time ago , perhaps you would have remained a powerhouse to this day . 
  alas , life is a cruel bitch . 
  hehe you wan na hear a joke we have in serbia ? 
  how many gypsies are in romania ? 
  around 20 million . 
  hehehe get it get it ? 
  you would not need to seek them out ; you 'll see them doing the following : 1 . riding bikes with small trailers attached packed with cardboard which they sell to recycling companies 2 . hanging around in the middle of the roads near traffic lights where they pester motorists for change , or attempt to wash your car windows ( actually only make them dirtier ) , so you either pay them to fuck off , or tell them to fuck off . 
  3 . sometimes they have a horse carriage which they drive on the road , like it 's 1899 [ proof ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skniv3oweay ) tl ; dr gipsy is not sought , for something that is already there need not be sought - socrates, 
  i like it just the way it is , angry , violent , and ridden with poverty . 
  all of it ( except for the poverty ) . 
   the only way to stop such conflicts is to make a balkanic federation with no borders so people stop obsessing about land . 
  we already had one of those . 
  did n't work out so well . 
  well , we had to stop killing muslims . 
  huh , same in serbia . 
  could this be the new found bond to cross the hurdle of ethnic hatred between our two nations ? 
  probably not . 
  come on man , this ca n't be true . 
  serbian gypsies are far more superior to your peasant romanian gypsies . 
  the gypsies in serbia build their cardboard houses in more urban centres , preferably , areas where major construction is to take place , thus forcing the government to relocate them to newly constructed barracks/portable homes , equipped with plumbing and electricity and beds , which they then decide not to use because electricity and plumbing are products of vlach magic which they do n't want to be associated with . 
  yes and no . 
  fan of the concept , but i disagree with where it 's going politically - i think it should be kept as a border less economic union , rather than a political powerhouse of incessant bullshit . 
  as far as serbia is concerned , we are in a position that has close ties with both the west and the east ( specifically russia and china ) , as well as the previous non aligned comrades such as brazil , and that we should use said position to further our goals that might not be in line with the european union , such as and not exclusive to , removing kebab and taking croatia 's coastline forcibly . 
  i hope this clears up my thoughts on this issue . 
  i hope the opposite of what you hope, 
  i wish we could genocide these floods, 
  it would be pretty neat if germany were to start warring again then we could also war, 
  hngggh lubing the shaft of my cannon as we speak, 
  lol , this place is a joke . 
  [ hehehehehehe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0vuqnqb6jw#t=227 ), 
  that 's going a little far back though , even for my tastes . 
  i believe that it is our fault kosovo seceded , and should therefore recognize them as a sovereign nation . 
  it was ours , they took it , fair game . 
  on the other hand , i also support biding our time until such an opportune moment where we are able to take it back . 
   albanians have been living in the region way before any serb settled there . 
  albanians were first mentioned during the [ eleventh century ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/albanians#albanians_in_the_middle_ages ) , which is after the slavic settlement of the balkans . 
  are you referring to the illyrian origins of albanians ? 
  lol , but what will we war over then ? 
  i know , i too was bummed . 
  i was wondering why the flair was rectangular, 
  we did n't come to watch football , we came to sing insulting chants , like ubi siptara , da hrvat nema brata , etc. 
  no , unfortunately neither is functional , am on heavy dialysis . 
  need kidneys asap , will be many monies $ $ $ $, 
  hehehe jokes on you , we stopped watching football after the last world cup hehehe ( not crying right now ), 
  well , technically , it 's a `` peace '' of serbian clay , so the name stands . 
  hehehe hey friend wan na watch cibona play in euroleague hehehe ? 
  umm on a completely unrelated topic , i am in need of a kidney , could you hook me up ? 
  will pay in cash , eur/usd . 
   the mayor of north mitrovica calls it `` the park of peace '' . 
  it 's our country , we can call it whatever we want lol . 
  did someone say war ? 
  all i need is a boat, 
  soon to be your hobby also hehehehe istra serbian gib clay, 
  luckily we still have power in belgrade ( new belgrade ) . 
  not sure honestly . 
  the patty , not really , the concept of putting it in a bun with lettuce and other condiments - probably . 
  burger, 
  and the biggest import are kidneys hehehe, 
  we do not sow, 
  what 's kosovo ? 
  it 's fucking hardcore here , been raining non stop for days now , i do n't remember the last time i 've seen the sun . 
  i 'd rather have another war than this shit . 
  by the way , it seems that however bad the situation is now , it will get worse once more floods start coming in from bosnia . 
  it seems to have gone down quite a bit in the last few years , mostly due to eu 's stance on kosovo . 
  on paper we 're neutral ; the sentiments of the populace are quite irrelevant as far as the bureaucracy is concerned . 
  i studied at a top engineering school in canada for two years , decided that canada was n't for me , and so returned to best number one country in the world , serbia , and graduated from the top engineering school here . 
  at both universities , i studied computer science - and without a doubt i can say that the curriculum in serbia is more difficult . 
  the difference is in the standard at which the universities hold their students , i.e. 
  it 's much easier to cheat in serbia than it is in canada ( or any other organized nation for that matter ) , so while the curriculum might not be as difficult , on average , the canadian graduate might be at a higher level than a serbian one . 
  for instance , if you get caught cheating in serbia , it 's likely that not much will happen - they 'll simply null your grade , and you 'll have to take your exam at a later date . 
  if you the same happened in canada , you 're in deep shit brah . 
  generally , these rankings are completely worthless at the undergraduate level , it 's for postgraduate/research that they actually mean something . 
  8000 of them, 
  and 8000 dead bosnians, 
  oh well that 's easy - montenegro exists , and kosovo does n't . 
  or it could have completely the opposite effect and make the people jaded and skeptical toward the supposed bastion of democracy and freedom imposing the sanctions on them . 
  we just call it serbia nowadays . 
  which is of course the most ethnically superior sarma . 
  well the northern region of serbia ( north of danube ) is called vojvodina and has a large hungarian populace , about 300k or so - there are lots of places where the ratio of serbs to hungarians is 1:1 . then , there 's places like sandzak , where you have a large bosniak/serb muslim population and plain old serb population - there 's more tension here , but mostly hard core muslims making shit . 
  they have like two muslim factions - one serbian ( in belgrade ) which is pretty chill , and one in novi pazar which is bosniak , and they can get a little crazy . 
  but it 's ok , because we can always genocide them if they get too rowdy . 
  and then , there 's kosovo - mostly albanians there , but hopefully not for long , if you know what i 'm sayin ' , 
  i thought we were better than this . 
  my country is a bitter disappointment .
