  how is the population ethnically divided ? 
  about 20 % of our populace is non serbian . 
  now you know , so watch your mouth gypsy or romania is kill . 
   omg poor ukrainians . 
  what can be worst than that that someone cut off your country fuck this gay subreddit, 
  i ai n't sorry for shit, 
   happens to hit a chinese embassy . 
  the embassy was hit three times , so the bombs were accurate , the location was n't . 
  or was , i do n't really know whether they actually * wanted * to hit the chinese embassy . 
  lol , your clay is n't worth dying for , it 's all rocks and snow . 
  i agree . 
  i mean wtf , i do n't like albanians , albanians do n't like us , why ca n't we just war and get this shit over with ? 
  but there could be in the future , right ? 
  do n't know what constitutes a mass grave , but fair enough . 
  what i was trying to say in my op was that there was no genocide , only ethnic cleansing . 
  oh i 'm sure they did , just not as much as i would have liked . 
  to be honest i am very disappointed with the low death toll - it 's like , wtf guys , they 're just women and children , how hard can it be ? 
  did n't say it did n't happen , i 'm just saying it occurred under different circumstances than originally claimed . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  the case was dismissed by the tribunal and no one was found guilty due to lack of evidence . 
  3-4 forensic crews established that it was n't , but if you deem yourself more competent than the , o mighty kosovar , then be my guest . 
  the official body count was less than 3000 , and no mass graves were found . 
  as far as the 800k displaced go , i mentioned that ( ethnic cleansing + mass exodus ) . 
  they all seem to have come back though , and now number at almost 2 million , whereas the serbs are under 200k . 
  of course i would n't want to spoil your image of my people , so yeah , if i had the opportunity to , i 'd probably put them all in camps and gas them . 
  cheers . 
  kosovo issue is probably even more complicated that the early 90s wars in bosnia and croatia , but there was no genocide . 
  there was however , ethnic cleansing , conducted in a very similar manner to the croatian [ operation storm ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_storm ) . 
  the extent of it was also multiplied by the fact that kosovo was bombed quite heavily , which caused a mass exodus of both albanian and serbian populace - the serbs fled to serbia , the albanians to albania . 
  the genocide you 're referring to was likely the [ racak massacre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ra%c4%8dak_massacre#forensic_reports ) , which was used as the initial excuse by nato to commence the bombing campaign . 
  the massacre in question , as it was later established , was fabricated , but at this point , long forgotten by the international community , so nothing really came of it . 
  yeah , i prefer to steal anyway . 
  begging is for gypsies . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm saying this to a bosnian , but stay safe . 
  someone 's got ta do the taxes . 
  amen, 
  in serbia we were taught c++ in kindergarten . 
  nice clay , would be a shame if someone took it . 
  this article is clearly false , as both of these `` croatia '' and `` slovenia '' places are actually in serbia . 
  is too , you 're just jelly . 
   because you like a jew pft , i wish !, 
  imagine all the `` settlements '' . 
  this sub is the pinnacle of butthurt , that 's why i love popping in from time to time to stir shit up . 
  ottomans came to serbia and through perseverance of the serbs they were repelled back to asia , thus saving europe from doom for like , the millionth time . 
  some serbs however , too weak to resist the smelly turk smell , turned to islam , and thus , / u/julesvernefj was born . 
  the end . 
  preposterous , when has that ever happened ? 
   / r/asecretsubthatnooneknowsaboutsryplshavemercy no x-posting, 
  lol everyone in this sub seems to take themselves too seriously, 
  i do n't know , but it sounds like a great idea . 
   conscripts of whome most did n't realy want to be there serbia innocent , source croatian national . 
  checkmate . 
   he problem is the euro is a currency designed by a sociopath or an idiot exactly , we should all switch to glorious serbian dinar . 
  if you have 10k euros , you 're only a puny thousandaire , but if you have 10k euros in dinars , you are a glorious millionaire . 
  i seriously do n't understand why no one listens to us , we have the best ideas , some of which include alternating current and roasting a chicken within a pig within a cow . 
  exactly , i just want to genocide and be left alone , is that too much to ask ? 
  says ronhill smoking croat loving usurper of great serbian nation, 
  does that mean what i think it means ? 
  it 's called blitzkrieg-ing . 
  i 'm trying to prepare you guys for what 's about to come . 
   as soon as i get the un security council to agree on anything ... sigh ... i 'll go kill some bosnians , you get ready . 
  yeah sure , we like showers . 
  you mean * our * take at provinces . 
  you guys have an army ? 
  derivatives are for croats , serbs integrate . 
  it 's a custom made beret , duh . 
  no , but you might get kissed in the face , you charmer you . 
  you mean bulgarian lelelelel, 
   homicidal psychopaths fuck you , we 're not psychopaths, 
  poteyto potaato , they 're all enemies of the glorious serbian empire . 
  except for mozart whose original name is amadeuslav mozartovic but was then forcefully changed against his will by the aforementioned enemies of the empire to hide his glorious serbian heritage . 
  this statement is also true for all of the greatest non-evil persons throughout history , including jesus , gandhi , einstein etc. 
  lol , where did you get this map , in 1995 ? 
  the entire map should be blue ( not russia blue ) , dumbass . 
  i am revoking your citizenship as well as your voivodship . 
  * draws quill from pocket * * dips in ink * * smacks lips * * writes down `` scots '' on `` to genocide '' list * * readjusts beret *, 
  umm of course they are serbia 2 : 0 uk, 
  it 's missing serbian derivative 3 , also known as montenegrin . 
  no arguments , since all these are serbian , and serbia wins every argument by default . 
  serbia 1 : 0 uk, 
  serbian is so amazing it 's like why would you even come up with other names for it , like bosnian , and croatian ? 
  especially croatian . 
  no fair , what am i supposed to do with all this genocide ?!, 
  just throw it away ? 
  of course croatia , we have better everything . 
   many places like the coast , serbia finally someone is acknowledging serbia 's mighty coastline and even mightier navy . 
  no , in belgrade the average sallary is one million euro per week and we get two separate rainbows every day , but sometimes we get one double rainbow . 
  stop making us look poor like some other countries which i shall not name ( especially croatia ) . 
  i split it into serbia and not serbia . 
  serbia much better . 
  not fair , the germans gave them those trains . 
  we 're too poor to have trains , so joke 's on you holland . 
  what 's the best thing to come out of holland ? 
  the train to germany . 
  xaxaxa good one bulgaria !, 
  haha yeah we have the same one . 
  haha have n't heard that one before . 
  but obviously blood  flag , so yeah , gtfo america , it 's ours . 
  why did a gypsy man return his new 15 year old virgin bride ? 
  well , if she was n't good enough for her family , she 's not good enough for me !,
