  foxes are under 10 kg , you can just kick them . 
  haha yeah like that one time an austrian guy saw a german guy be mean to a jew . 
  personally , i find that all the regulation/laws/standards , etc. 
  imposed by the eu are aimed toward highly developed economies which can afford to properly implement said regulations and actually benefit from them , whereas in developing and highly corrupt countries , these regulations can be even detrimental , in a sense that they can slow down relative progress . 
  the thing that makes us desirable to foreign investors is the fact that we 're well educated and incredibly cheap . 
  of course , this is all theory - implementing it would require political/technical competence and less corruption , and most people do n't wan na join the eu because of kosovo and the constant new terms and conditions that eu imposes on candidate countries . 
  also , i 'm against open borders because we 're a conglomeration of sovereign nations with varying histories and cultures that we fought and bled to keep for centuries , and now it seems everyone is talking about a united europe with a common military and uniform laws across the board . 
  fuck all y' all hippies , i 'd vote for ukip if i could . 
  #bosniaks / serb muslims scattered throughout the country , but mostly based around sandzak ( raska ) area of serbia . 
  the first group , or bosniaks , are basically muslim bosnians who live in serbia , and do not consider themselves as serbs . 
  the second group are serbs of muslim faith . 
  the former outnumber the latter if i 'm not mistaken . 
  we have about 135 thousand bosniaks and 20 thousands muslims . 
  #hungarians they live in our northern province called vojvodina , and speak serbian with funny accents . 
  since serbia rightfully acquired vojvodina via the trianon , by rekking ah in ww1 , there have always been hungarians there , but i believe there was a pretty large influx of them during the soviet union era , as yugoslavia was much more chill than the russians . 
  they mostly raise pigs if i 'm not mistaken , which is why they 're well liked among serbs . 
  the magyars are the largest minority group in serbia with a population of almost 300 thousand . 
  #gypsies we have around 110 thousand . 
  their past-time is breeding , begging and music . 
  not as violent or as inclined to steal as romanian gypsies . 
  overall , we do n't mind them too much . 
  #croats around 70 thousand of them , mostly in vojvodina if i 'm not mistaken . 
  they usually hang out with hungarians , but the hungarians do n't like them because the croats took their coast , which has been linked to the high suicide rates among hungarians . 
  i guess living in a wheat/corn field gets pretty boring after a while . 
  #vlachs these motherfuckers are my favourite minority . 
  i do n't even know what the fuck they are ; they have romanian ancestry but do n't consider themselves romanian . 
  i do n't know , it does n't really matter - they 're famous for their curses and general use of magic . 
  kinda like voodoo shamans of the balkan peninsula . 
  there are approximately 40 thousand of them , mostly found in eastern serbia . 
  there are many more minorities , which you can read about more [ here ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/demographics_of_serbia#/ethnic_groups ) . 
  get out of our sub burger, 
  actually , i think most people now do n't wan na become eu members . 
  saban is a national treasure, 
  yeah , all except azis . 
  azis 100 % bulgarian . 
  turkey 's not in europe though , right ? 
  we do have fast food , but only to accommodate british tourists . 
  the locals do n't actually eat there . 
  we do n't have fast food and obesity in continental europe because we 're cultured and do n't live on an island . 
  most of you are vac banned anyway , so it kinda makes sense . 
   they resemble indians . 
  uhm , it 's native americans you racist !, 
  what ? 
  why would you veto a country that is home of alexander the great ? 
  da is yes in romanian ? 
  ahaha pensioners in serbia play this shit as well, 
  the swiss, 
  we consider them tier 2 mountain jews, 
   a war between non-nato with nato is again excluded . 
  nobody will start a war they know they can not win . 
  fuck you , we have traditions to keep up . 
  that 's still pretty low though . 
  i thought you guys prefer to stab each other anyway ? 
  you tunnel under a channel to a neighbouring country in order to artificially create a land border , and then close said border . 
  it 's not really that strange ; everyone knows serbia is the best country in the world , so he 's rightfully obsessed . 
  it would be way more strange if he was obsessed with croatia or something . 
  i mean , croatia is surrounded by water , but the water has salt in it and you ca n't even drink it . 
  pretty terrible country , i 'd rate it 3/10 . 
  our friendship with greece is well known, 
  well , a couple of years after the fire that killed 8 people that i mentioned above , we had a fire in another club ( novi sad also ) that killed six . 
  so , yeah . 
  wtf kind of question is that , of course not . 
  inadequate fire & safety at nightclubs and in general ; we had incidents such as these in serbia every once in a while ( last time 8 people died in novi sad in 2008 ) , but never anything this bad . 
  the silver lining ( if any ) is that a tragedy such as this one will likely cause an outrage among the public , and fire and safety laws will be more strictly enforced , so things like this do n't happen again . 
  you just jelly cause you get no sun in your underwater kingdom, 
  no no , let 's see how long it takes him . 
  ummm no , it 's because ah were a bunch of basement dwelling pussies who could n't defend themselves from the ottoman onslaught , so they begged and pleaded the serbs to return to their ancestral lands ( present day croatia ) and defend them from smelly turks . 
  they later on went to repay us by starting world war one , where they were also defeated , solely through the efforts of the might serbian state . 
  you should spend less time at the beach , and more at school . 
  yes , that 's the other name . 
  yea , western part of serbia . 
  ooops , sorry , i edited my list . 
  serbia : nikola tesla , zoran djindjic , miralem sulejmani bosnia : semsa suljakovic , vojislav seselj , edin dzeko france : frank ribery , napoleon , charles de gaulle croatia : not nikola tesla , franjo tudjman , marko perkovic , tito montengro : milo djukanovic , boban rajovic , mirko vucinic macedonia : darko pancev , tose ` karburator ' prosinecki , alexander the great greece : aristotle , spanoulis , archimedes bulgaria : ivan ivanov , azis , hristo stoichkov russia : vladimir putin , ivan the terrible , rasputin austria : mozzart , hitler , josef fritzl slovenia : slavoj zizek , zmago , goran dragic romania : vlad the impaler , inna , ceausescu italy : benito mussolini , luca toni , silvio ` bunga bunga ' berlusconi germany : angela merkel , bach , goebbels uk : terry , lampard , cole sweden : ibrahimovic , alfred nobel , sven goran eriksson spain : franco , pau gasol , julio iglesias portugal : cristiano ronaldo , vasco de gama , rui da silva netherlands : van persie , robben , patrick kluivert finland : mika hakkinen , linus torvalds , kimi raikkonen denmark : niels bohr , caroline wozniacki , nikolaj coster waldau turkey : not in europe belgium : adil benrlitom , eden hazard , fellaini poland : robert lewandowski , copernicus , chopin hungary : no one relevant i used google to look up spelling of certain names . 
   outside of russia ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  poteyto potato plane fly russia kill, 
  not even close . 
  less than 1k dead , and mostly civilians . 
  military targets were evacuated before the bombing even started . 
  well , the croatian flags is n't going to burn itself , is it ? 
  which makes the russian annexation of crimea all the more sweet . 
  i believe the germans call it schadenfreude . 
   eu 's economy is way more developed/bigger/prosperous that russia 's well , bulgaria 's in the eu too . 
  hehehe tell that to the greeks . 
  actually ... 
  [ even earlier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_maritsa ), 
  ugh , me too . 
  ye , my friend is a bosnian refugee , they brought an ak , svd and a crate of grenades with them . 
  i believe they handed them over to the authorities several years ago . 
  golden eagle for serbia . 
  sparrow for belgrade . 
  a shit tonne of yugos immigrated to germany/austria for work prior to the war anyway ( 50s , 60s , 70s and 80s ) , so many people already had family or acquaintances there and were more comfortable with germany/austria rather than france . 
  in fact , in most ex-yu countries , the word for an expatriate is gastarbeiter . 
  electronics got cheaper ? 
  yeah , same cut , just minced ( hind leg usually ) . 
  should n't cost that much , you guys are getting seriously ripped off . 
  lelelel i thought eu membership was supposed to bring you those low low european prices we all talk about, 
  wtf is chopped beef ? 
  like , the shit u put in goulash ? 
  that 's ~ 5 eur per kg here in serbia . 
  i 've never seen any cut of beef cost more than 12 eur here in serbia .
