  xaxaxa gypsy joke best joke . 
   it happened in bosnia , not serbia . 
  what are you doing here , * american * ? 
  [ no regrets ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c7v0imodsy&amp;list=flkh0hg7k3yaedq9heav7hsg&amp;index=1&amp;feature=plpp_video ), 
  much, 
   i 'll likely correct myself later . 
  it 's been 3 minutes already , hurry the fuck up . 
  if all the trains are going west , then the station is east . 
  weird way to spell germany mate, 
  \\  cheap, 
  these are new ones , the ones they used in serbia had little orange parachutes and detonated either on impact or had a delayed timer . 
  if i recall correctly , the main problem we had with them was little kids in the country side playing around and seeing a nice little parachute on the ground , and then they died . 
  they were essentially like air-deployed land mines . 
  what do you mean , there are quite a few burrito places in belgrade ? 
  he 's a sheep wearing a wolf 's costume . 
  lol , what a retard , does n't he know god is a serb ? 
  given that we were much more developed just 20-30 years ago , people still view bulgaria and romania as these hardcore third world countries - lot 's of stigma . 
  i personally do n't work in bulgaria because i hate bulgaria almost as much as croatia . 
  ugh , stop winking at me , homosex is illegal in serbia . 
   2,000,000 lol noobs, 
  you guys did n't have hyperinflation though ? 
   they are either high , trolling or stupid . 
  i like how you consider me to be a multiple entity, 
  pretty sure it 's the other way around . 
  also , i 'd like to see a source for your outrageous claim . 
  you ca n't count to 0 , it 's impossible . 
  they 're doing their best , but serbia is an enormous country ( our border with hungary is twice the circumference of the us ) , so some will slip by . 
  lol , not our border police , that 's for sure . 
  nah , the biggest head is neatly snuggled in my underpants , fixed firmly to the top of my dick . 
  i may or may not be going to dubrovnik soon . 
  i may or may not have been instructed not to ask the locals why their roofs are new . 
  a small prairie town on the outskirts of belgrade, 
  do n't you have escape characters on the british isles ? 
  there 's already a patent for cooking heroin, 
   it 's oats for breakfast , ryebread for lunch , and pasta/eggs/more ryebread for dinner so glad i do n't live in a first world shithole, 
  hello left wing homosexual deviants of / r/europe , 1 . 
  i am a professional developer , but not the bearded kind that sits in a starbucks on his macbook , churning out useless wp websites while furiously stroking their micro penis . 
  so , not much of a css grasp , although more than most of you . 
  on the other hand , if you need some shit done in assembler , i 'm you guy . 
  yes , of course i have experience with automoderator , in fact , that automated piece of shit has been responsible for many of my bans , including / r/relationships , / r/lgbt , / r/sweden , and many other subreddits . 
  i am in the cet timezone , however , as an omnipotent being descended from the one and only serbian god , i can be in several time zones at once . 
  some of my friends call me heisenberg . 
  i am always on reddit , though i mostly hang in / r/kosovo , where i am a moderator . 
  it has you guys in it . 
  campaign to increase our russian user-base , and therefore diversify this homogeneous cesspit of sexual deviance . 
  add crimea flair , remove kosovo flair . 
  make cyrillic the official script . 
  all news articles must be from rt.com . 
  merge / r/europe with / r/european . 
  i am a right-wing nationalist , and will therefore provide a voice of reason . 
  definitely greece, 
  not much work though - you see a blip for a couple of seconds - you know where it appeared , you know where it disappeared , you therefore know the direction and velocity . 
  you also know the altitude , and you 've got all the components you need to pinpoint the location - but since you 're a serb and do n't need to run any calculations , because maths is for catholics and homosexuals , you simply point your rocket in the general vicinity of where you think the aircraft may be , and pull the trigger . 
  you now cross your fingers and pray to the one and only eastern-orthodox variant of jesus and his daddy , and since everyone knows god is a serb , the +100 luck buff is applied , the missile connects , and the aircraft is shot down . 
  easy peasy , i do n't see why you 're making such a big deal out of it . 
  not sure about that , from what i heard , the f117 can be seen briefly when off-loading missiles/fuel tanks , which is how they may have seen him . 
  they saw it briefly on the radar , deduced the altitude/direction in which it was going , and set off a heat seeker in the general vicinity hoping it would lock - which it did . 
  an educated guess , more or less . 
  eh , maybe not a helicopter . 
  that 's a hungarian variant , they 're famous for their feta . 
  two replies on one comment - i 'm keeping an eye on you & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  you seem to be forgetting that all lands in the proximity of the serbian border are actually serbian lands which were taken from us by the us/eu/nato / vatican/zionist/illuminati usurpers . 
  this places 100 % of the shopluk region in serbian territories , hence the other name for shopska salad - the serbian salad . 
  except the shopska salad , which is clearly serbian . 
  no , greek salad uses feta instead , and has olives . 
  because the bulgarians are trying to steal our fucking salad, 
  we removed kebab , but could not remove the influence . 
  of course not , we 're racist . 
  even our gypsies do n't eat poultry , they say it 's beneath them . 
  nigga come to serbia we roast anything that moves especially pigs , but not suckling pigs , because we 're not genocidal murderers like you italians and have actual feelings . 
  we let the suckling grow from 5 kg to 20kg , then we kill it and roast it and eat it . 
  we also roast cows , bulls , goats , sheep . 
  pretty much anything above the 15kg mass and minimum 4 legs threshold . 
  just look at [ this little fucker ] ( http://static.telegraf.rs/2013/01/07/prase.jpg ) , he 's so happy . 
   we 're they that good in fighting ? 
  when the jna was retreating , they may have left some equipment behind . 
  hey jules, 
  kebab hatred is really more of a frame of mind rather than an explicit rule for muslim removal . 
  serbia is a tolerant and egalitarian society , the kebab are not strictly turks or bosnians , but everyone who is n't serbian , and all are hated equally , for we are not a people who discriminate based on gender , or religion , or sexual preferences , but only based on nationality . 
   speared not yet , but soon my friend ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  we attack you because you 're a neighbouring country , wtf kind of question is that bulgaria ? 
  we have tomorrow and tuesday off . 
  if a public holiday falls on sunday , it 's moved to monday . 
  that has nothing to do with loose gun laws - those weapons were incredibly abundant during the war , most people were armed ( again due to the war ) , and when the war ended , most people buried their guns in anticipation for the next war . 
  others sold them on the black market because it 's a shame to throw away a fully functioning ak . 
  same goes with hand grenades , however these are usually dug up by children later on because unlike an assault rifle , the hand grenades are more fun sized and make a boom . 
  you can also play catch with them , juggle them , and even discard them to your nearest trash bin when you get all tuckered out from playing catch . 
  this is simple stuff , i do n't understand your confusion . 
  loose gun laws ? 
  wtf u on about ? 
  our gun laws are as strict , if not stricter than in most pussy ass eu cuntries . 
  wait , they 're filming ep8 in dubrovnik ? 
  i know bby, 
  orcs are n't natives to balkans m8, 
  says the ex-mod of / r/serbia, 
  same way you view serbian agression in croatia . 
  it 's hard to justify shit when bombs are falling from the sky and sirens blaring on a daily basis . 
  well with all the guns , and no abortions , i thought you confused poland with alabama or some shit . 
  can you get abortions in poland ? 
  wait , so you can buy a fully auto ak legally , and are then required by law to lock it at semi-auto , or the shop does this for you ?
