i actually consider myself quite content what i have right now , the only way i would want more if that more comes not from this earth . 
  anyways , molotov cocktails are n't the most important thing one needs , a charismatic leader is what is required . 
  the french revolution is a nice example of something the world could use right now . 
  should i ready the molotov cocktails ? 
  rape used to be the primary method of reproduction before civilization and culture . 
  because it was so widely practiced , does it make rape okay ? 
  i had phimosis , the condition where the foreskin is tight and ` defective ' . 
  simple stretch excercises that can be done without any involvement of a medical professional suffice in forcing the skin to make extra cells and widen . 
  no need to be cut . 
  i am now so glad i have kpn, 
  and he probably uncovered some serious dirt , something russia certainly does n't want to become known, 
  yeah , but it will help the french economy as well since france is in a bit of trouble now , since it 's unable to sell it to russia . 
  buy the carrier france originally made for russia . 
  it 's actually a helicopter carrier , so it should be light enough ? 
  yeah but , 70 different versions of pretty much every word gets a little insane . 
  hah , man that language is insane . 
  there are like , +50 forms of the word ` dog ' . 
  finnish i suppose . 
  i wish i could speak frysian , considering my family actually comes from that region . 
  this guy calls labour a threat to national security . 
  he 'd use this bill to get his political opponents arrested . 
  right here in the netherlands we have the nos as main television news source . 
  since a year or may be more ( do n't watch much tv in general ) it 's been praising the current right-wing government more and more . 
  lots of people are suspecting propaganda because of this . 
  but bbc is state funded as well . 
  what if this is n't propaganda ? 
  experience is not a quantifiable entity , plus slaves earned that too . 
  prisoners get experience too in labour camps , where they 're slaves . 
  slaves were treated rather well too in some places , especially when those places conformed to the code noir . 
  interns / are / slaves . 
  slaves with certain liberties but still slaves . 
  it 's even worse than wage slavery , which is when you / are / paid ( though the amount is so marginal you do not have actual freedom of choice . 
  your worth is also determined by someone else at that ) . 
  liberty = / = freedom . 
  surprise surprise :p, 
  reddit is stormfront territory in general , except some enclaves like / r/fullcommunism that are just way too different to be stormfront, 
  implying that only germany is led by ideology , and not the whole world . 
  i know plenty of foreigners ( north-americans mainly ) that absolutely love the polder landscape , both on pictures and in person . . 
  anecdotal , but i 've seen people cheat before escaping harmful/abusive relationships . 
  probably not the smartest thing to do , but it happens . 
  it 's not like the tax revenue from lower class labourers is that high . 
  plus , being jobless also does n't contribute anything . 
  tax the rich , i 'd say . 
  tax 'em hard and tax 'em good . 
  i do n't see how they were more disciplined , or heroic for that matter . 
  they had wars , we have diplomacy . 
  i prefer diplomacy . 
  and more manly ? 
  stereotyping much ? 
  people of the past were also racist and sexist . 
  this does n't just apply to just teachers , it also applies to parents giving corporeal punishment . 
  did you read the source ? 
  alright then , looks like you ca n't even back up your own arguments . 
  that 's not the source , that 's the source name . 
  give me a way to access said source . 
  gpr 101 man , proper sourcing is middle-school shit . 
  source , please . 
  http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/10926770903035168 let me point you to the wonderful world of science , which agrees that corporal punishment actually slows and/or impairs cognitive development and ability . 
  http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/10926770903035168 looks like this shit will only cause them to peform less well at school by causing what seems like either brain damage , brain misdevelopment or psychological trauma . 
  or perhaps a combination . 
  smacking a dog like that is animal abuse . 
  sure , lets give kids brain damage !, 
  so neccessary !, 
  no permanent damage ? 
  here 's evidence of permanent cognitive damage : http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/10926770903035168, 
  however , even spanking has significant cognitively adverse effects : http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/10926770903035168, 
  http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/10926770903035168 would n't do it, 
  pain inflicted by paternal figures in early development can cause permanent structural changes within the brain . 
  http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/10926770903035168 http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s1053811909002286, 
  does n't switzerland have tons of mountain-bases though ? 
  i would n't be surprised if a good bit of materiel is diverted to more classified bunkers similiar to those . 
  / r/socialism might want to help, 
  i 'm afraid you do n't seem to know what basic income is . 
  basic income is for everyone , regardless of income , class , disabilities , etc. 
  the government of course . 
  basic income takes over all other guaranteed incomes ( disability benefits , etc ) . 
  that 's a lot of money , combined with that tax , and probably a few streamlining here and there , you 're already a pretty close to realizing it , if not already there . 
  somewhere else on the sub it said that the percentage of people in germany living under the poverty margin was like 15-25 %, 
  meanwhile large amounts of people in germany ca n't earn a living wage . 
  people do n't care about arguments like ` africa is worse ' when they ca n't afford to eat more than once a day . 
  seriously , you better get contingency plans . 
  europe needs major economic reforms . 
  basic income perhaps . 
  it is . 
  european union , ever heard of it ? 
  i mean europe as in european union . 
  wait , brazil has territory in the eu ? 
  technically , it is europe . 
  sounds like when the berlin wall fell well at least that means stuff will clear up eventually . 
  if he wins the elections , i 'm applying for asylum in canada . 
  uh , geert wilders is super right wing , he comes from the vvd and last time he promised left-wing things and got into the cabinet . . he did n't even make an effort to fulfill these promises . 
  you know when everyone thought it bad when communist states banned religion ? 
  ( not saying communism is bad , just totalitarianism ) well there you go advocating for it . 
  welcome to cultural exchange , where traditions are shared between different parts of the world . 
  this is also what happened with the roman empire when they encountered and conquered greece . 
  have you heard of the recent nazi marches in italy , germany and the netherlands ? 
  news never talks about those fascists literally walking through the streets doing hitler greets and attacking random people . 
  integration is not a conscious process . 
  most of it is sub-conscious exposure to the culture , and believe me you and me are n't going to a museum daily either . 
  the government is responsible to make sure these people are constantly exposed to the country 's culture by preventing ghetto-formation .
