  if the british people want to ignore their allies , that 's fine . 
  but do n't be upset when they change their stance . 
  being informed about the views of the international community is very important and should be considered before making a decision . 
  the us and eu are n't just spectators who you can ask for a comment and then tell them to go away . 
  both close allies to britain who will feel the consequences of a brexit just as much as britain will . 
  they should be allowed to campaign just as much as any british organization . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't think this was ever an internal issue . 
  however a lot of british people seem to take offense at foreign leaders sharing their opinion . 
  i 'd argue that knowing most allies and partners want them to stay is a solid argument to at least consider . 
  saying `` it 's none of your business '' just seems ignorant . 
  there 've been dozens of arguments both for and against brexit that have been repeated over and over again . 
  that 's how a public debate works . 
  i do n't see why this should be different . 
  the us point of view is at least as important as any other argument . 
  if britain did n't want him to visit they 're allowed to refuse . 
  it seems some people are at least interested in his opinion . 
  now you 've made little eesti sad . 
  he 's probably 1/64th scottish . 
  that 's why he knows . 
  technically scotland is north britain though right ? 
  it 's factually correct unlike northern england . 
  that would make england south britain though . 
  i 'd wager neither the scottish nor the english would be very happy about that . 
  it 's the perfect compromise :p, 
  he 's visiting the uk and commented that he would explain his position if asked . 
  that 's not hammering on about it . 
  if no one asks he wo n't comment . 
  you 're free to ignore any `` pressure '' from other nations . 
  however , even refusing to listen to what they have to say is childish at best . 
  britain is free to isolate itself if it chooses . 
  do n't be angry when other nations start to dislike you for it though . 
  that 's the choice you get . 
  russia or mosquitoes . 
  choose wisely . 
  as a dutchman who does n't live in the provinces of north - and south holland , i can feel your pain . 
  stay strong northern england , stay strong . 
  stuff like that should be allowed to happen . 
  knowing that a certain candidate will deteriorate relations with an ally or that leaving the eu will change how the us feels about the uk is important stuff . 
  you ca n't just let it happen and afterwards start complaining . 
  if the american voters care about relations with the uk it 's important to know that trump wo n't be liked . 
  thanks to globalization , everything the uk does will have consequences . 
  you can disagree with the rest of the world , but it 's still important to know what their opinion is . 
  there 's plenty of british politicians who have spoken out about trump . 
  international relations are also something to be considered , whether it 's an election or a referendum . 
  you may not like it but brexit is not an internal matter . 
  it will have consequences both for the uk and it 's partners and as such they should feel free to have an opinion on the matter . 
  knowing that almost everyone wants britain to stay and what they will do if britain actually leaves is something you need to know to form an opinion . 
  brexit is n't just something that will happen and then everything goes back to normal . 
  international relations * will * change . 
  the people who are angry about him expressing his point of view already are n't going to listen . 
  he 's explaining his opinion for the people who are on the fence and looking for reasons to vote either way . 
  the us opinion on this matter is very important and not expressing it for fear of angering no-voters would be silly . 
   us should n't interfere in the domestic politics of another country brexit is much more than an internal uk matter . 
  both the eu and us have massive stakes in it . 
  they 're also not interfering , just offering an opinion . 
  interfering would be actually trying to stop the referendum from happening . 
   us president going to the uk to tell people how they should vote . 
  that 'll work out well he 's not telling anyone what they should do . 
  he 's explaining his position about why he thinks the uk should stay . 
  if you disagree , then disagree . 
  no one is forcing you to do as obama says . 
  in fact , knowing what international partners will think about britain leaving is very important in forming an opinion . 
  brexit wo n't happen in isolation . 
  some people seem to think that brexit is an internal matter which only brits are allowed to say anything about . 
  personally i think that 's not true as an actual brexit would have global consequences . 
  the us and the eu are allowed to have opinions on this matter , because it 's also important to them . 
  not to mention the fact that knowing what their partners think about the uk if they should leave can also be important . 
  brexit is n't going to happen in isolation . 
  in the end it 's up to the british to decide whether or not they want to stay . 
  until that happens though , the us and other british partners have every right to explain their point of view . 
  obama is n't even going to bring it up , but `` he would not hold back on his trip if asked for his view '' . 
  so do n't ask him about it and everything will be fine . 
  do n't worry , little eesti . 
  you can into benelux . 
  we 'll ~ ~ annex ~ ~ kick belgium out . 
  yup , i do n't envy him . 
  no matter what he does , he 'll be criticized . 
  there 's no way for him to `` win '' this . 
  eurosceptic does n't have to mean anti-eu . 
  in fact , the article does n't really contradict his euroscepticism . 
  he 's still very critical of its shortcomings , however that does n't mean he thinks britain should leave the eu . 
  instead of just walking away from problems , you can also try to fix those problems . 
  amongst our weaponry are such diverse elements as fear , surprise , ruthless efficiency , an almost fanatical devotion to the pope , and nice red uniforms -- oh damn !, 
  it 's peas . 
  erwtensoep means pea soup and is a traditional dutch food . 
  combining it with pizza however is an unholy abomination that offends both dutch and italian cuisine . 
  estonia can not into southern europe ? 
  why does having a different set of values mean that you have to be hostile to the west ? 
  being friendly does n't mean that you have to bend down and accept our values as your own . 
  the difference of values between western europe and eastern europe has n't resulted in hostilities , so why should russia be the exception ? 
  the west probably would n't even care about your values as long as you 're not so hostile . 
  having good trade relations is often more important than values . 
  i mean , we have a friendlier relationship with saudi arabia than with russia . 
  i would rather it be the other way around . 
  furthermore , yes , ukraine right now is in a bad place . 
  but you ca n't deny that the annexation of crimea and the proxy war in the east has nothing to do with it . 
  ukraine never got a chance to recover from their revolt because russia intervened in a disastrous way . 
  there were much better ways to handle the entire situation . 
  i wo n't lie , i do n't like putin .
