  but there 's a fatal flaw in your plan !, 
  that 's also a direction you can no longer flee in . 
  have you tried not being in between europe 's major powers ? 
  all belgians are equal :p, 
  do n't worry , it 's not your fault . 
  it 's probably something in the air . 
  bringing enemies together since 1830 . 
  i think you 're over-analysing the joke . 
  if you really want it to make sense you can say that not only does the belgian not know the difference between a dog and a sheep , he also counted wrong . 
  :p the joke is that the belgian is too stupid to know the difference between a sheep and a dog . 
  the shepherd instantly knows the guy is belgian once he sees that because the belgian stereotype is that they 're stupid . 
  my apologies . 
  no one should be called a belgian . 
  i was mostly referring to jebusgobson and inxi . 
  belgium is the living the proof that two rights do in fact make a wrong . 
  incidentally that 's also the nicest things i 've ever said about the french . 
  we love you too little flanders < 3, 
  the fact that all these belgians are n't getting the joke really completes it :p, 
  time to engage the counter-salt then . 
  a belgian couple hoping to score some weed in the netherlands crash into a tree and die . 
  in his interview , the mayor of maastricht is asked by the belgian press how he feels about the tragedy . 
  `` it 's horrible '' the mayor replied . 
  `` their car could have easily fit 5 people '' . 
  a belgian man is hiking across the swiss alps when he spots a herd of sheep in the distance . 
  he whips out his binoculars , counts 75 sheep and then heads towards the shepherd . 
  `` if i can guess the number of sheep you have , may i pick one of them out for myself ? '', 
  `` sure '' the shepherd replies , `` you will never get it right anyway '' . 
  `` 75 '' the belgian says . 
  `` well shoot , go ahead then '' . 
  the belgian man walks back into the field and returns with his prize slung over his shoulder . 
  upon seeing the triumphant belgian , the shepherd asks : `` if i can guess what country you 're from can i have my dog back ? 
  that 's the original joke . 
  in this version the joke is that the belgian is too dumb to even bring the proper cutlery . 
  well ... most of them were on time . 
  they 're both big holidays , but they do n't really have the long lead-up towards the actual holiday . 
  there 's sinterklaas and christmas decorations for the entire months of november and december almost , songs on the radio , national television shows , etc. 
  1st image actually looks quite nice . 
  it 's sort of symmetrical with a space in between . 
  there 's also a lot of green around it instead of concrete desert . 
  it probably looks more depressing from the ground though ... 
  can you imagine my amazement when i was in finland and the trains just ploughed through the snow ? 
  what sort of heresy is this ? 
  trains are supposed to stop when there 's leafs on the rail !, 
  with a bit of paint it could look quite nice . 
  it 's a sad day for slovenia ... and therefore the world . 
  the current netherlands was never under austrian control . 
  by the time austria took control we had been independent for over a 100 years . 
  they may have some claims left on belgium , but they 'll have to fight us for it . 
  belgium is rightful dutch clay !, 
  it says capitals in the source . 
  that 's why it says most frequent drinkers . 
  if i drink one beer every day and you drink ten beers in the weekend , i would be the more frequent drinker , but you would still drink more per week . 
  damn , how could i make that mistake !, 
  i 'm not even that old !, 
  well , back to the old peoples home it is . 
  they should consider using the same as us then , because ours is smooth like a baby 's bottom . 
  ( not that i would know what a baby 's bottom feels like & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 , 
  15 minuten . 
  vertraging . 
  :( i was gon na put up a defence , but our football team did n't either so it would be useless . 
  and that is ? 
  we usually take [ this one ] ( https://www.google.com.tr/maps/@51.319119,5.2091831,3a,75y,255.23h,60.87t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s1s38ribunott5sqw4v-n_w!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) i believe . 
  not sure , because i 'm usually not the one driving . 
  it looks notably shittier than yours does though , so maybe i 'm just taking the wrong roads :d, 
  the roads at least are very noticeable . 
  whenever we go to belgium we play a game where everyone ( except the driver ) closes their eyes and then we have to guess when we have entered belgium . 
  every single time we 're 100 % correct . 
  you go from smooth riding to something akin to a brick road . 
  also , it 's our national hobby to shit on belgium , so please respect our cultural traditions . 
  thank you :d, 
  he still died first . 
  he just respawned afterwards . 
  generally , you also die when you get murdered . 
  but that chance is quite small right ? 
  if we did n't know there were civilians and we could n't have known then we were n't negligent . 
  it was still the us that did the strike . 
  if we did know and informed the americans , we were n't negligent and the fault lies fully on them . 
  if we did know and did not inform the americans , then we were negligent and should be punished . 
  i just find it highly unlikely that the last one is true . 
  this story has less to do with us and more with the fact that the us does n't want to take responsibility for civilian casualties . 
  i understand that targeting civilians is a war crime , but in this case it was the us doing it , not the netherlands right ? 
  as i understand from this article we supplied information on the location of several members of al shabaab . 
  then the us decided to target them when they were near civilians . 
  it looks like v4 is fucking mini-schengen in the ass . 
  a metaphor ? 
  who knows , but it looks funny . 
  eh , the british are just proto-americans . 
  having sex with your own gender hurts no one . 
  having sex with children hurts the child . 
  that 's the difference between paedophilia and homosexuality and why one should be protected and the other should n't . 
  do n't see why it should n't . 
  being a part of the eu is a privilege , not a right . 
  if they do n't wish to accept lgbt groups they 're free to do that , just not in the eu . 
  metaphorically , the channel is the world 's biggest ocean . 
  even the benelux is lacking . 
  netherlands is supposed to have 200 + breweries , as much as belgium . 
  but if you look at this map you would think belgium has three times as much . 
  especially considering it 's only the european part that 's coloured . 
  no need to worry about taste . 
  dutch food has n't got any .
