  both ideologies are fundamentally incompatible . 
  how does one become a progressive slaver ? 
  i can understand the vegetarian slaver . 
  all you need to do is not eat your slaves . 
  but i would think a progressive person would figure out slaving is bad . 
  maybe they 've really innovated the slave trade ... 
  that 's because some people genuinely believe such things . 
  some jokes are funny because it 's clear that person is n't being serious . 
  this was n't one of those cases . 
  they 're set to take the uk 's place in the eu , as they 've already participated in eurovision . 
  they 're practically european already !, 
  except the primary function of a gun is that it 's lethal weapon designed to kill things . 
  it 's not very surprising that someone would use a gun for it 's intended use . 
  when handing it out to a stranger , you can reasonably be held accountable for that , because you should have realised that 's what a gun is for . 
  the primary function of the internet however is n't to illegally download . 
  that 's only one of its many functions . 
  when giving people acces to the internet , illegal downloads are n't your foremost concern . 
  they used the confusion between austria and australia to illegally participate in eurovision . 
  now that they 've joined however , they will be part of europe until the end of time . 
  it 's a sacred pact that can not be broken . 
  you 'd be cool too if you lived in the frozen north :d, 
   violate a persons fundamental right to decide what happens to their body those rights are n't violated because everyone can still make that decision . 
  if you choose not to make that decision ( which is also your right ) they will go with the default option . 
  until recently that was to leave it up to the family . 
  now it is to donate . 
  that 's the only difference . 
  the question is whether that extends until after death . 
  you 're already dead when you die of medical errors . 
  refusing to donate when that happens does n't benefit you at all , it only punishes an innocent patient for the mistakes of the doctor . 
  it sounds like a decent concern at first , but it does n't really make sense when you start looking at the details . 
  first of all , the doctor only calls donor registration after the patient has died , so until that point he does n't know whether that patient is a donor . 
  secondly , the doctor who 's in charge of the donor transplant will always be a different doctor than the one who calls the donor registration . 
  thirdly , a doctor would n't know who the organ would go to . 
  why would they choose the life of a random patient they do n't know over the life of the patient they 're treating now ? 
  apart from the fact that it would be unethical , it would reflect badly on a doctor to let the patient die without doing everything they can . 
  his colleagues would have something to say about it , unless you believe the entire department is under some donor harvesting conspiracy . 
  i 'm not the same person who accused you of editorialising . 
   ** editorialised titles ** - do not add your opinion/commentary to the article 's title . 
  do n't add something that is n't covered by the article , and do n't misrepresent the article . 
  adding a sentence verbatim from within the 1st paragraph or byline that is more representative of the content is generally ok but only where it improves clarity . 
  that 's the subreddit rule . 
  the other submission literally copied the title of the article . 
  your title has nothing to do with the article itself and is merely a reaction to the other article . 
  it does n't even mention the remain campaign . 
  saying `` maybe we should invest more in the nhs '' is an idea . 
  once you [ stick it on a bus ] ( http://cdns.yournewswire.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/imgid66721521-790x350.jpg ) and actively campaign for it , do n't be surprised when people think you actually mean it . 
  edit : and regarding your quick edit . 
  do n't make promises you ca n't keep . 
  not to mention that boris johnson * is * a member of the biggest party . 
  some brexiters do n't seem to understand the difference between pledges and predictions . 
  not to mention that these predictions were made on the assumption that article 50 would be triggered immediately , as cameron promised . 
  who do we call for the nuclear fallout thing ? 
  i do n't know why , but 90 % of the time it 's wallonia 's fault . 
  i 'll offer about 3,50 . 
  this is true . 
  in dutch the colour orange is defined by the colour of the underwear the crown prince/princess wears that day . 
  that 's why they 're called prince or princess of orange . 
  jokes on you mate . 
  i do n't even own a pet goldfish !, 
  well , if we should n't judge a book by its cover then we also should n't judge an orange by its peel !, 
  how ludicrous . 
  an orange is obviously tangerine-coloured . 
  but they never learn . 
  [ trust me , i know . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee_iupineuc ), 
  if pizza can be a vegetable , then why not tomatoes ? 
  well , i 'd say this particular picture has a clear absence of potatoes . 
  does that matter to his point ? 
  just because it 's the 2nd largest market instead of the first does n't mean it can just be ignored . 
  do n't worry . 
  italy does n't have the best track record in wars , so this will be over very quickly . 
  if you refuse to believe that russia dominated the soviet union , that 's not my problem . 
  [ russification ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/russification ) is hardly a secret anymore . 
   i 'm just going to surround your house and build rocket shields pointed your way , then . 
  surely you would n't mind . 
  you see , the guy who lived in your building before you was expansionist . 
  turns out the new guy is just as expansionist . 
  the only reason he has n't taken more is because of those rocket shields . 
  `` stop bullying me ! '', 
  he screams , while smashing your other neighbours house . 
   you know , that commie guy with a completely different ideology than you . 
  the geopolitical environment of the time demanded expansionism in order to deal with nazi germany , but never mind that . 
  i see . 
  occupying or annexing most of eastern europe after nazi germany was defeated was necessary to deal with nazi germany ? 
  ca n't say i 've ever thought of that . 
  i 'm not even commenting on what the soviet union did during wwii . 
  i 'm commenting on what they did afterwards . 
  there 's a reason most of eastern europe has banded together against russia and it 's not because russia is such a nice guy . 
   you live in a fairytale and it 's frankly embarrassing to listen to . 
  you know so little about what motivated countries . 
  the feeling is entirely mutual . 
  in the weeks following the disaster russia did everything in their power to shift blame and cover up who did it . 
  it may have been an accident , but until this day they refuse to take full responsibility . 
  just because it was an accident does n't mean they 're free from any consequences . 
  enlighten me then . 
  in what way does countries voluntarily joining nato force russia to invade ukraine ? 
  all it did was definitively push ukraine towards the west . 
  russia 's neighbours might be less inclined to join nato if russia was n't such an aggressive asshole to them . 
  eastern europe fully knows what russian oppression feels like and i ca n't blame them for wanting to avoid that . 
  if you think nato is planning to attack russia you 're delusional .
