  as far as i can see he has led russia in a very hostile manner for the last few years . 
  i do n't expect russians to remove him and elect a pro-western liberal leader , but i would like it if they did n't see the west as their enemy . 
  we do n't want to destroy russia , we want a friendly neighbour who we can trade with , not one who threatens us every now and then . 
  what does russia have to gain by acting in such a hostile manner ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  a lot of stereotypes are absolutely true when talking about a group . 
  the problems come when you apply those stereotypes to individuals . 
  go on ... 
  that 's because the number of american immigrants is extremely small compared to middle eastern immigrants . 
  they cause less trouble because generally poor americans wo n't move here . 
  nevertheless , if you would ask a random dutchmen whether they think it 's acceptable that the american still has n't learned dutch after 15 years i imagine most people would still disapprove . 
  we just do n't think about it because it 's an extremely minor problem , especially compared to other immigrant groups . 
  that why they 're called illegal immigrants . 
  if they would n't need a visa they would be called legal immigrants . 
  i agree , but i 'm just annoyed that so many people are afraid of russia . 
  they have no power over us or ukraine and treating them like something that just happens is wrong . 
  i 'm not afraid of a war between nato and russia because i do n't think putin is a moron . 
  he would n't dare attack nato directly because that would either mean the end of russia or the end of the world if it goes nuclear . 
  a cold war of sorts is already happening whether we want it or not . 
  pulling back and appeasing russia is the wrong move . 
  let 's say ukraine cedes the east and crimea , what 's next ? 
  belarus ? 
  georgia ? 
  or another piece of ukraine in 10 years ? 
  it 's in the interest of a stable europe to stand up against russia and let them know this wo n't be tolerated . 
  cowering in fear is only opening us up for more conflict down the road . 
  we do n't have to send troops or aim our missiles at them , but if there are nations that suffer under russia 's aggression , especially ones who suffer because they want to align with europe , then i feel we should help . 
  not just in their interest , but in ours as well . 
  i hate to pull out the godwin and just so you know , i do n't think russia is comparable to nazi germany , but appeasing hitler did n't prevent ww2 and if we want to prevent ww3 , appeasing russia wo n't work either . 
  i think that 's quite selfish , but you 're free to have that opinion . 
  russia has become increasingly hostile in the last few years and i think it 's important to show aggression will not be tolerated . 
  appeasing a hostile nation wo n't work . 
  friendly cooperation is the biggest counter we can give to aggression . 
  i purposefully did n't want to mention mh17 because i do n't want to use their deaths for political gains , but now that you mention it i have but one thing to say . 
  mh17 was shot down by russian backed rebels . 
  the eu could n't predict that investing in relations with a sovereign country would result in rebels shooting down a plane . 
  russia * could * predict that supporting rebels would lead to a disastrous event . 
  russia 's aggressive behaviour deserves sanctions and appeasing a hostile nation does not prevent war . 
  russia wo n't dare to attack nato and it needs to learn that aggression wo n't be tolerated . 
  if there is a war between russia and nato it will not be our fault . 
   the last time the eu meddled with ukraine it triggered a reaction from russia russia is not some natural phenomenon that we have to appease with sacrifices every now and then . 
  both russia and ukraine are sovereign countries . 
  one of them is invading the other because they sought closer ties with the eu . 
  who is in the wrong here ? 
  the eu who wanted closer relations with ukraine ? 
  ukraine for daring to look somewhere else than only russia ? 
  or is it russia who invaded and annexed parts of a sovereign country and is still waging a proxy war in the east . 
  this is ukraine 's chance to shake of russia and become a functioning democracy . 
  personally i feel we should give them that chance . 
  the consequences for us are extremely minor and extremely important for them . 
  some selflessness would help a lot to make europe a great place to live . 
  i think so . 
  they 'll probably add something about eu membership , outsourcing work and what not . 
  i honestly do n't think the treaty will be thrown out entirely . 
  at least , i hope it wo n't . 
  treaties like these need to be unanimous so any eu country can singularly block it if they want to . 
  in this case it 's us . 
  most likely scenario now is that the treaty will be modified slightly to address some of the concerns of the no-camp and then still be ratified . 
  i ca n't imagine that the treaty will be discarded entirely . 
  keep in mind that out of 28 member states 27 have ratified the treaty . 
  the eu is not against you and not even the dutch are . 
  this referendum was from the beginning framed as a vote against the eu , not ukraine . 
  in any case , the treaty will probably still happen only with minor changes . 
  worst case scenario is probably that the netherlands gets an opt-out on certain parts of the treaty . 
  there has n't been any major call for a eu referendum apart from wilders . 
  most parties support staying in the eu . 
  if the majority of people wanted to leave the eu there would be mass protests and the pvv would be the largest party by far . 
  this is n't happening and therefore there is no incentive to have a referendum . 
  if geenstijl had put all this effort into setting up a legitimate eu protest i would respect them for it , but now they twisted the referendum law so they could send a big `` fuck you '' to the eu over the backs of the ukrainians . 
  the reason a referendum about eu membership is n't possible is because there 's no demand for it . 
  they have said they would `` heavily consider '' the outcome . 
  whether that means they ratify it with changes , without changes , or wo n't ratify it at all has n't need decided yet . 
  to be fair , i can understand not knowing where ukraine is . 
  however as a dutchy you should know we do n't border poland !, 
  she did n't even know where germany was !, 
  that 's just mindboggling . 
  that 's not even the worst part . 
  she pointed to germany and said it was poland !, 
  germany is our neighbour with extremely close ties !, 
  probably only belgium is closer . 
  how can you not know where germany is ? 
  russia has no power over ukraine 's decision to allow troops in their country . 
  in fact , if russia would not have acted so hostile , it would n't even have been necessary . 
  russia has already reacted and invaded and annexed crimea . 
  we have nothing to gain from appeasing a hostile nation . 
  you should also not underestimate the geopolitical implications if we decide not to ratify the treaty . 
  we had already given our agreement . 
  if it can be rescinded at any point , then what is our signature even worth ? 
  not ratifying the treaty probably has more impact on our status in the world and the eu than ratifying it will have . 
  that 's what i meant with government , but i probably should 've said states-general . 
  the vast majority of our government agreed , not just the ruling coalition . 
  thanks for clarifying though . 
  if they 're going to ignore the results of the referendum i doubt it will be because they care about ukraine . 
  they probably care more about the international position of the netherlands within the eu . 
  besides , the only parties against the treaty are the pvv , sp and the animal party . 
  i very much doubt they will be able to create a functioning coalition next election . 
  chances are that the next government will still consist of pro-treaty parties . 
  maybe just not the vvd and pvda . 
  using 45 million innocents as a buffer state against a country which is n't going to attack us anyway sounds pretty immoral . 
  it 's going to be quite close .
