  your example also is n't mobbing . 
  mobbing requires a group to bully an individual . 
  your co-worker can already sue you for slander and probably harassment in your situation . 
  fair enough , but cameron should n't have to hold back just to make it fair to the opposition . 
   it 's entirely a british matter it 's not . 
  in a democracy the best arguments wins . 
  there 's nothing undemocratic about inviting a foreign leader to explain his position . 
  the government has no obligation to stay neutral . 
  silencing someone 's opinion * would * be undemocratic . 
  they would have to go through belgium to get to us . 
  the roads will wear down their army before they can even reach us . 
  we 're just trying to spruce it up . 
  it 's much better than having tree cars parked on the side walk . 
  no worries , i understood what you meant but i thought it was an important distinction considering a lot of people feel he should n't say anything at all . 
  like other countries wood n't do the same !, 
  you should always listen . 
  the question is whether you agree or disagree . 
  knowing the us position ca n't hurt . 
  it 's additional information that you can use to come to a decision . 
  the pm does n't have to be neutral . 
  if he thinks obama is a good spokesperson for the stay movement he 's free to invite him . 
  there 's no reason to hold back just to make it `` fair '' . 
  in what ways is that unfair ? 
  i meant isolationist in the sense that , apparently the majority of british voters do n't want to hear outside opinions , even though they have every right to express their opinion . 
  obama is n't trying to manipulate anyone . 
  he 's just saying `` this is what the us thinks about brexit , the choice is still yours '' . 
  everytime someone who 's not from the uk voices an opinion about brexit they get a lot of backlash and told to stay out of an internal matter . 
  i meant it in the context of the debate , not necessarily in a global context . 
  we recently had a referendum and i quite welcomed the opinion of the eu , ukraine and even russia , because their opinions helped form my decision . 
  they had a stake in our decision about the association treaty and i quite rightly think they should be allowed to express that opinion . 
  i understand that maybe it 's not in favour of the stay campaign , but if the majority of british voters really want to leave the eu just to spite the us and/or eu then i think it might be for the best . 
  hey now , there 's no reason to immediately go for the nuclear option . 
  usually i 'll say england in normal conversation . 
  if i actually need to be factually correct , then i 'll use britain as well . 
  maybe that was also sarcastic ? 
  you 're the brit here , you should know !, 
  oh , do n't worry . 
  i do n't get angry about it , i 'll just get mildly annoyed and forget about it in 5 seconds . 
  my comment was merely a ploy to get away with calling scotland northern england . 
  how so ? 
  it 's a clear sign that the uk does n't like donald trump . 
  if it were my country i would rather know beforehand instead of afterwards . 
  then i can weigh whether i would rather have a candidate who maintains relations with britain or one who does n't . 
  reddit is hardly a decent sample size . 
  he 's not trying to convince people who are already voting no , he 's trying to convince people who are on the fence . 
  if this truly is counterproductive because the british do n't even want to listen to outside opinions , then maybe it 's for the best that britain stays out of the eu . 
  us politics , especially when it has global consequences , is most assuredly something we should be able to have an opinion about . 
  i was interested in the ukraine 's and the eu 's opinion about our own referendum , because i believe it 's useful information . 
  in a globalized world our actions have much more consequences than ever before . 
  listening is the least we should do . 
  you need to have all information available before making a decision . 
  especially when you want to be an independent country , it 's important to know what other countries will think of you and how they will treat you . 
  for all you know they can treat you completely different . 
  it 's better to know beforehand and be able to consider it than to find out afterwards . 
  i can only find the statement from 2015 . 
  however once a month is still almost nothing . 
  the us has just as much right to campaign for a `` stay '' as any other organization . 
  it 's their business as much as yours . 
  they do n't get a vote even though brexit will have consequences for them as well , so the best they can do is voice their concerns and hope to convince enough people . 
  it 's an argument you need to consider . 
  if england 's argument against scotland seceding would 've been `` england will lose money because of this ! '', 
  then yea , i 'd say ignore it . 
  however they should be allowed to say it if they choose to . 
  consequently , scotland seceding was framed as an internal matter . 
  however it was important for the scottish to know what the other eu countries would do if they did secede . 
  would scotland be accepted into the eu without having to apply again ? 
  if the eu was told to remain silent , we would 've never known until it actually happens . 
  and if they had to apply all over again then the scottish would rightly wonder `` why did n't you say so before ? '' . 
  international relations are a fact in a globalized world . 
  the uk 's action will have consequences for both the british and their partners . 
  if i were a british votes , i would want to know what our partners think and take it into consideration . 
  if you believe that the objections raised by them are n't enough to convince you te stay , then that 's fine . 
  but at the very least you should listen to them , because it 's important information to have . 
  i do n't think that was certain . 
  in any case , scotland seceding was an internal uk matter , but knowing what the eu would do was a vital part of the discussion . 
  would scotland be accepted into the eu without a doubt or would they have to start the process all over again ? 
  that 's important to know and if the eu would have remained silent , no one would 've known until it actually happened . 
  can you imagine scotland seceding and then the eu says they have to apply again ? 
  the scottish would probably have said `` why did n't you say so before ? 
  he made a comment last year and is saying he 'll comment on it again when asked during his visit . 
  i would hardly call that obnoxious . 
  having to hear some arguments more than once is essential to a public debate . 
  it 's fine to disagree , but at least try to refute what he 's saying . 
  saying `` you said your piece , now shut up '' is ignorant and just a way to try and silence people who have every right to voice their opinion . 
  having to treat britain with velvet gloves is just as obnoxious as you claim this is . 
  you 're a country that 's facing a decision that 's going to have a global impact . 
  the world 's opinions are just as important as any other argument . 
  this is something that comes up with every referendum . 
  it happened during the scottish referendum , it happened during our referendum about ukraine and it 's happening now with brexit . 
  for some reason people seem to think that most of these issues are internal . 
  knowing what other countries will do when scotland secedes is important . 
  knowing what ukraine , russia and the eu think about voting against the association treaty is important . 
  knowing what the us and the eu think about brexit is important . 
  feel free to disagree with the opinions of those countries , but do n't try to silence them !, 
  it 's important to know what the consequences of voting a certain way are . 
  just because they come from foreign countries does n't mean it has no value . 
  the debate is n't just about the future of the uk . 
  the eu and us will also have to change their approach if britain leaves . 
  neither the eu or the us can vote in this referendum so all they can do is share their opinion . 
  they have every right to voice their concerns about britain leaving .
