  99 % of people already agree that it 's okay . 
  it 's all the religious/cultural reasons that are a problem . 
  stocking up for brexit negotiations . 
  more guns than people ... 
  it crash landed in britain after surviving the destruction of its home planet , krypton . 
  if they could , they would use this carrier to tug britain all the way across the atlantic . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  euro coins in wembley stadium ? 
  preposterous !, 
  do it again with pounds !, 
  considering the state of the world right now , i 'm having trouble detecting whether this is sarcasm or just ~ ~ throbbing ~ ~ cold hard facts . 
  that sounds like an attempt for the world record gangbang . 
  i 'd watch that !, 
  you say tomato , i say great britain . 
  i 'm from brabant , so maybe that has something to do with it , but i 've only ever heard paraplu/parasol . 
  regenscherm/zonnescherm is mostly used for stuff that 's attached to a building . 
  if it 's good enough for the passport , i 'd say it 's good enough for the flag though . 
  well then ... 
  i know , 
  ooh-la-la , someone 's gon na get laid in college . 
  maybe use [ this one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b7/armoiries_r%c3%a9publique_fran%c3%a7aise.svg/900px-armoiries_r%c3%a9publique_fran%c3%a7aise.svg.png ) instead ? 
  a quick google claims it 's not official , but still widely used . 
  you can , it 's called a plastic surgeon . 
  breast reductions , labiaplasty , liposuction and other surgeries are already allowed , so i see no reason why circumcision would n't be one of them . 
  i 'm not talking about self determination , i 'm talking about bodily autonomy . 
  can you tell me a single thing that we allow parents to do to their children that physically changes them forever , for non-medical reasons ? 
  i ca n't think of any apart from circumcision . 
  there is a reason why permanent changes to the body are not allowed and that is because it 's a decision that ca n't be reversed . 
  of course parents have influence over their children , but permanent changes to their body should be avoided . 
   as for the health benefits is n't strictly true as there are some minor health benefits and it was done in many places due it being considered more hygienic , indeed it is advocated in parts of african by some health organisations on those grounds , but these are offset by good hygiene . 
  the health benefit is extremely minor compared to the violation of bodily autonomy that it requires . 
  maybe in africa there 's reasons for it , but in europe just cleaning your dick will basically have the same effect as circumcision . 
  i maintain that this is counterproductive , ineffective and draconian as many who do it are good parents otherwise and putting them in a foster home or worse would deprive them of that . 
  this is also an emotional argument , so you can accuse me of whatever you want , i do n't really care . 
  if not wanting children to be mutilated is an emotional argument , then so be it . 
  your so-called logical argument tolerates the mutilation of children in a controlled manner , which is a gross violation of their rights to bodily autonomy . 
  the fact that you so easily brush the rights of children aside as an illusion is in my opinion more dangerous than what you think will happen if circumcision is banned . 
  [ you 're assuming we 're giving you a choice . 
  but think of all those delicious polders !, 
  swedish is merely a dialect of memes . 
  just take the english flag and stick a dragon on it . 
  shame about the union jack ( i really like it ) , but you ca n't have a union jack without said union . 
   the idea of self determination at that age , is an illusion , even if you do n't physically shape your child , you will certainly emotionally . 
  it is literally impossible to raise a child without shaping them emotionally . 
  that 's just called raising a child . 
  still , children can decide to deviate from the way they were brought up . 
  they ca n't suddenly decide to not be circumcised anymore . 
  circumcision is a permanent alteration to the human body . 
  doing it to a child who ca n't consent is just as wrong as doing it to an adult who does n't consent . 
   therefore i do n't get what you would get by banning it other than driving it underground . 
  your assertion that it would be driven underground is n't a fact . 
  the vast majority of people will probably decide that circumcising their child is n't worth both the negative health impact of doing it illegally and the prison sentence that will follow . 
   like i said above , it is better to educate parents about it than going down this path . 
  if reason could make religious people reconsider there would be no religion . 
  in europe people do n't circumcise their sons because they think it 's healthier or looks better . 
  they do it because their holy book tells them to and no education or reason will make them reconsider . 
  if you ban it you bind actual consequences to their decisions that * will * make them reconsider . 
  the ones that still want to mutilate their children can go to prison , just like any other form of child abuse . 
  that 's literally what everyone is talking about . 
  no one is advocating a ban on adult circumcision . 
  the whole point is that you ca n't consent to such a procedure as a child , but as an adult you can . 
  whenever someone is talking about banning male circumcision you can basically assume they 're talking about circumcising children for non-medical reasons . 
  circumcision for medical reasons or when you 're an adult is perfectly fine , unless the person states otherwise . 
  that article basically states that it would restrict freedom of religion . 
  freedom of religion does not extend to allowing you to mutilate other people . 
  it 's not even about what the consequences are of a circumcision , it 's about the fact that the whole procedure is wrong in the first place , regardless of the consequences . 
  you can live perfectly fine when circumcised , but they should n't have to as it is a giant violation of bodily autonomy . 
   parents make plenty of other questionable decisions , regarding their children and yet people do n't act all hysterical and seek to ban them . 
  like what ? 
  what other decisions are as serious as mutilation , yet no one cares about it ? 
   when/where abortion is illegal women put their lives at risk in order to have it done . 
  i do n't get why you would think that it would be any different for male circumcision . 
  because if you do n't have an abortion you 're stuck with a child to care for for the rest of your life . 
  meanwhile , not circumcising your son has no effect on the rest of your life apart from teaching him how to wash his dick , which you should do regardless . 
  the stakes are much higher with an abortion than with a circumcision . 
  they 're both cutting of a part of a child 's genitals , right ? 
  does it really matter why or how it 's done when that 's the essence of it ? 
  violating a child 's bodily autonomy for non-medical reasons is wrong . 
  the method and meaning is irrelevant . 
  so you honestly believe people will persist in mutilating their sons when made illegal ? 
  and because of this you think we should facilitate genital mutilation of minors ? 
  i honestly wonder why you make this exception for male circumcision and not for other things like tattooing , piercings or even female circumcision . 
  they 're both forms of genital mutilation . 
  how are these not similar issues ? 
  you can make this argument for basically everything . 
  we should n't ban tattooing your newborns , because it would just force it underground . 
  female circumcision is already banned , so why not male circumcision ? 
  are you stabbing the dragon with me ? 
  theo van gogh was way before this whole refugee crisis thing , so i kind of did n't count it . 
  still , one islamic terrorist attack since the turn of the millennium is n't bad enough to speak of a systematic problem . 
  the only other terrorist attacks we had was pim fortuyn and the attack on the royal family in apeldoorn , as far as i recall . 
  so islamic terror is only 1/3th of attacks in the last 17 years . 
  you filthy communazi !, 
  expats are people who live in a country temporarily . 
  brits living along the spanish coast are mostly pensioners who do n't really intend on returning to the uk . 
  they would be called emigrants from your perspective . 
  the netherlands also has n't suffered any terrorist attacks , so the whole `` this does n't happen in poland '' schtick does n't work here . 
  there used to be plenty of hate for polish immigrants , but with the whole refugee crisis there has n't been that much of it . 
  but those children will not be using polluting products on earth anymore , reducing their carbon footprint to zero . 
  it 's an investment .
