  rotting in prison for the rest of your life sounds more torturous than just ending it quickly . 
  maybe it 's just me , but planning to sell a human being is almost as bad as actually going through with it . 
  so small they can fit in your anus . 
  they should most definitely count . 
  just not three times as much as a californian . 
  democracy means that one person gets one vote . 
  not that some people get a vote that 's three times as valuable as someone elses . 
  i do n't think people are saying clinton should get the presidency because she won the popular vote . 
  we know that the popular vote is n't relevant to the american system , but it does show that the electoral college has a severe democratic deficiency if you can win the popular vote with over 2 million votes , yet still lose the election . 
  i do n't think most people want the rules to be retro-actively changed ( although i 'm sure some do ) , but i do think changing the rules for the next election is something that 's long overdue . 
  this is absolutely true , but it does clearly show the problem with the electoral college . 
  if the us had popular vote we still might have president trump , but at least he would 've had a better democratic mandate . 
  the electoral college is also responsible for the low turnout ( why go vote republican if you live in california ? 
  it 's a waste of time ) and thus partly responsible for the feelings of resentment that allowed trump to win . 
  honestly , whenever i talk about america 's democratic system i just get angry :p . no system is perfect , but the one america uses just has so many problems it boggles my mind that no one wants to change it . 
  how rude !, 
  there 's quite a bit of dutch influence in the witcher series . 
  dijkstra is a typical dutch surname . 
  de jonkheer is also dutch and basically means the squire . 
  bloedzuiger literally means bloodsucker in dutch . 
  the emperor 's steward in the witcher 3 also has a very obvious dutch accent . 
  those are obviously only from the games , but dijkstra is in the books as well i believe . 
  ah right , i read over the before part . 
  :p but yeah , you 're absolutely right . 
  for how important brexit is , it had very little preparation . 
  that should probably happen regardless , but it would 've been valuable to understand what the people * actually * want . 
  there should have been two followup questions on the ballot . 
   if the uk remains in the eu , how would you prefer it ? 
    if the uk leaves the eu , how would you prefer it ? 
  and then give options like hard brexit , eea , more federalisation , etc. 
  well , that 's basically what the turkey deal was about , but that was also criticised for supporting the corruption in turkey and violating human rights . 
  how would you propose the eu should have handled the immigration problem ? 
  because as far as i understand , protecting the external borders and non-eu immigration are not under the eu 's jurisdiction . 
  those are controlled by the individual member states . 
  the fact that the refugee quota did n't actually pass shows how little power the eu actually had to solve the problem . 
  if they actually had control over immigration and the borders , like sarkozy is proposing , europe could 've had a united response to the refugee crisis instead of the bickering between nations that we actually had . 
  the quota was n't a good solution by any stretch of the imagination , but the eu did try to find one within the means it had . 
  an actual shared immigration policy and border control would 've meant that no quota would 've been necessary . 
  it 's a vicious cycle . 
  i 'd say it 's germany 's turn to liberate an oppressed russian minority . 
  russia is hogging all the fun . 
  we all know he 's going to paint it gold anyway . 
  they fix roads in belgium ? 
  eurovision is over , they 're no longer part of europe anymore . 
  they can just take it out of the nhs . 
  if your death fantasy is going to include the hulk , why would you not choose to just get hulk-smashed ? 
  what added value does the hulk bring by driving that truck ? 
  can the hulk even drive ? 
  these sort of questions keep me up at night . 
  if there 's anything i 've learned from these kinds of maps , it 's that flanders being better than wallonia is some sort of sacred tradition that ca n't be broken . 
  they say daenerys targaryen has three fully grown easyjet planes . 
  britain and spain confirmed as dildo buddies . 
  and that 's entirely fair . 
  cultural identity does n't need to depend on geographical location . 
  russia is still a european country after all . 
  you 're taking this too personal . 
  he included the european part of turkey , so this was n't to spite turkey somehow . 
  besides , being in europe is n't a requirement for joining the eu , as evidenced by cyprus being a member . 
  you 'll note cyprus is also excluded from europe in this map , as it is geographically in asia but culturally european . 
   anatolia being the home of many greeks who invented our western civilization those same greeks considered anatolia as being asian , calling it asia minor . 
  you do n't have to live in europe to be greek . 
   if i had to make a map and chose which country actually mattered , in history and to this day to the european continent , i would put turkey and not poland . 
  poland never mattered , not in the west anyhow . 
  how about that ? 
  you 're becoming very emotional over a purely geographical definition of europe . 
  op probably did n't even make this map but found it on google . 
  i 'd assume as a frenchman you would understand that a country can be intercontinental . 
  french guiana is still south american even though it 's part of france , a european country . 
  as for turkey , anatolia has never really been considered europe . 
  you can argue whether turkey is a european country culturally , but there 's no doubt that most of it is n't geographically in europe . 
  a large part of russia is european according to this map . 
  russia is a transcontinental country . 
  i do n't think most people would consider the russian far east as europe , even though it 's part of a european country . 
  step 1 : be better than finland step 2 : ??? 
  step 3 : profit, 
  call them swedish . 
  traditioooooooon !!!!!, 
  as is tradition . 
  but ... are n't * we * the fascists and nazi remnants ? 
  i thought we were supposed to blame someone else ? 
  well , he is trying to remove pizza in this case . 
  `` i have no strong feelings one way or the other '', 
  the eu 's color is blue and that 's a boy color . 
  boys are icky . 
  looks like we filled up the ijsselmeer with our gdp bloat though . 
  does that count as poldering ? 
  or in belgium for that matter . 
  well , it 's the truth !, 
  of course they will believe me . 
  haha , i was n't entirely serious as it 's not that unique of a flag . 
  after some googling though , it turns out the brabantian flag has been in use since at least the 10th century . 
  so who knows , maybe we were just following the fashion of the times . 
  have a fancy wank , mate . 
  nonsense . 
  they 're both black and have four wheels . 
  literally * the the same !, 
  ^ ^ ^ * literally ^ ^ ^ means ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ all ^ ^ ^ here, 
  well , he 's making it rain missiles in ukraine ... 
  more like clog my pipe . 
  time works different in iceland because it 's so close the north pole .
