  the pole 's magnetism bends time . 
  one normal year is actually 20 icelandic years . 
  i 'll take a himmlershake , please . 
  it actually started as a new years conference joke on dutch tv . 
  this was picked up in / r/thenetherlands as meme whenever statistics where posted . 
  it slowly started leaking into / r/europe and now the finns gladly join in this completely arbitrary rivalry . 
  ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder719/67960719.jpg ), 
  you even copied the coat of arms from the flag of north brabant !, 
  we 're quicker than the finns , so in the end we waste less time than them . 
  nah , the land is curved , this ca n't possible be the netherlands . 
  limburg at best . 
  implying danish can be considered a language . 
  [ accurate representation of europe if the water rises . 
  the murder all the irish bill got vetoed by wallonia . 
  reddit confirmed as the third rome . 
   i have a suspicion that this might in fact be a joke and not an accurate representation of our history . 
  do n't quote me on that . 
  `` thank you for your service , you dirty commie . '', 
  you 're forgetting the part where this was all ordered by extraterrestrial jews . 
  it 's not really the meat that 's the problem , more the method of acquiring it . 
  i woke up late today . 
  i bet some romanian sabotaged my alarm . 
  nah , the belgians are much more subtle with their insults . 
  calling people nazi 's is so pass\u00e9 . 
  that 's not a sun . 
  that 's sauron 's flaming eye . 
  nah , once the rest of europe has drowned we 'll just polder it again . 
  implying we wo n't just build higher dykes . 
  [ amsterlantis cares not for your mortal struggles . 
  stille willem, 
  back off , hans !, 
  he 's our father of the fatherland !, 
  get your own !, 
  i sexually identify as a bicycle . 
  ever since i was a boy i dreamed of roaming the cycling lanes , ringing angrily at the disgusting tourists . 
  people say to me that a person being a bicycle is impossible and i 'm fucking retarded but i do n't care , i 'm beautiful . 
  i 'm having a plastic surgeon install cycling wheels , a saddle and a bell on my body . 
  from now on i want you guys to call me `` gazelle '' and respect my right to ride the cycling paths and recklessly overtake pedestrians . 
  if you ca n't accept me you 're a cycliphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege . 
  thank you for being so understanding . 
  said the island german ... 
  that 's true . 
  they tried a second time , but that fell apart as well . 
  they 're currently discussing with the christenunie . 
  the talks with groenlinks fell apart over immigration . 
   dutch nazis that 's a pleonasm . 
   well that \u00b4 s actually pretty german of you . 
  how dare you !, 
  this means war !, 
  literal translation would be levensruimte , but we would probably say leefgebied . 
  i just used the german word because everyone is familiar with it . 
  it 's important that we 're extremely clear in our desire to conquer europe . 
  why not both ? 
  we need lebensraum for our cycling paths . 
  germany was a mistake . 
  it just kept getting better and better !, 
   stockholms blodbad ( stockholm 's bloodbath ) you do n't say ... 
  well , you have two options : 1 . 
  close your eyes and possibly die an excruciating death 2 . 
  be forced to look at belgium . 
  it 's a tough choice . 
  if only i could be so grossly incandescent . 
  oh wait , we are !, 
  while riding a bear . 
  was this ever in doubt ? 
  on the dutch-belgian border . 
  the highways certainly feel very hilly . 
  if the uk started deporting british citizens based on cultural background , i can guarantee almost every single western european country will object . 
  apparently they spend all of it on lampposts . 
  just drive into belgium . 
  does n't matter which road , you 'll feel it when you get there . 
  it 's actually possible to feel the exact moment you cross into belgium with your eyes closed ( do n't do this if you 're the driver ) . 
  they should just remove the signs . 
  why bother fixing the roads when you 're going to ruin them by driving tanks on them anyway ? 
  in the right light , a small ~ ~ man ~ ~ country can cast a large shadow . 
  according to [ this survey by ipsos ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2163382-jong-of-oud-man-of-vrouw-wie-stemde-op-welke-partij.html ) , pvv is most popular with the lower educations and one of the least popular parties with the higher educations . 
  [ relevant polandball . 
  i would n't agree with that . 
  there 's very little guilt about the fact we have very little wilderness . 
  it 's more of a : `` oh , what a bummer we do n't really have lots of nature . 
  we 're also one of the most polluting countries per capita in the eu , so i would n't call us environmentally friendly . 
  nah , we have some very busty dykes . 
  well , if i look outside my window , everything is flat . 
  at the edge obviously . 
  you say potato , i say potahto . 
  well yeah , but / r/europe is only for european scumbags . 
  we 're picky like that . 
  maybe ask congo if they could lend a hand again . 
  but he 's belgian , so he 's merely a villain , not respectable . 
  russia dominates poland and the baltic in not making sense !, 
  if you think abortion is murder , then why would you make an exception for rape ? 
  seems inconsistent to me . 
  the fact that they 're calling the french frenchmen instead of frogs . 
  calm down , stannis . 
  i 'm always a big fan of `` are you stabbing the dragon with me ? '', 
  which means `` are you kidding me ? 
  that just means you 're both rebel scum . 
  deal !, 
  let 's sink belgium to celebrate !, 
  so the official name would change from eu to the third french intereussreich ?
