belgium is the center of the eu though , so maybe that has something to do with it . 
  i can imagine lots of businesses and eu institutions would have offices in brussel . 
  either that or they love your beer and silly accents :d, 
  as a dutchman i will testify that the west germans ca n't be trusted either . 
  i may be wrong , but is n't prussia completely outside of the historical prussian borders ? 
  also , this way you get loads of cultural tension with regions that have multiple languages ( vasconia , adriatica , sealand ) . 
  it may be better to try and consolidate languages within a memberstate . 
  and sealand is a stupid name :d . maybe calling it frisia is better as that is where the frisians used to live . 
  i did n't notice the caption on the image itself , so you 're probably right . 
  i just assumed it referred to the versions used during the actual christmas holiday , which would disqualify sinterklaas . 
  depends on the purpose of the map really . 
  if it 's a map about the local gift-bringers , then it should be sinterklaas . 
  if it 's about the translation of santa claus , then it should be kerstman . 
  so because he uses all the stereotypes about black people it 's okay ? 
  the only stereotype attached to zwarte piet are the red lips and the fuzzy hair . 
  you could argue the black skin is a stereotype , but i do n't feel it 's racist to say black people have black skin . 
  his costume is in no way connected to the black stereotype and neither is his behaviour . 
  in my opinion zwarte piet is a character separate from the black stereotype . 
  as he should be . 
  they obviously should . 
  santa has an army of midget slaves locked up in the frozen north to build toys for him . 
  do you also feel [ this ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-dm8rw8eojxa/twlv0m3vbei/aaaaaaaaa1o/klkmjf9dnju/s1600/50767-robert_downey_jr_blackface_tropic_thunder_is.jpg ) is racist ? 
  is it racist to depict a white person as black ? 
  zwarte piet these days is a positive character that is nice to children , is funny and helps an old man do his job . 
  if we were to remove the red lips and fuzzy hair , but keep the black schmink and costume would that be okay ? 
  then he would no longer be a stereotype of a black person , but just zwarte piet . 
  probably because they have n't even looked far enough to see that it exists in belgium as well . 
  whether zwarte piet is racist or not , she has already proven that this investigation is plagued by preconceptions born from ignorance and ca n't possibly be objective anymore . 
  her arguments have no basis in reality and the only thing she has done here is insulted the majority of the dutch population . 
  how can you possibly be taken serious when you say things like : `` what is wrong with one santa clause ? 
  why do you have to have two santa clauses ? '', 
  i 'll be amazed if anything useful comes from this investigation . 
  i 've always been a fan of `` de draak steken met iets/iemand '' = `` stabbing the dragon with something/someone '' which means to mock something/someone . 
  more like lost property . 
  i feel like that 's just a description of our whole country :d, 
   was in amsterdam recently well , there 's your problem :d amsterdam is for tourists and heineken is for tourists . 
  if you go further away you 'll see more pubs with some other dutch beers . 
  however it 's not anywhere near as good as belgium . 
  you 're damned traitors for seceding , but the beer , chocolate en nice accents make up for it :d i can never forgive you for always winning het groot dictee though . 
  translation : `` if flies fly after flies , flies fly as fast as flies . '', 
  me too , but unfortunately it was used by dutch fascists during wwii so it 's seen as a fascist symbol nowadays . 
  maybe because of the sea salt it turns red ? 
  that 's why i said it was speculation , because there is no official source for that . 
  it 's also the oldest tricolor still in use . 
  it 's also speculated that the orange was changed to red because it was doing so on it 's own through wear and tear and orange dye was quite expensive in those days . 
  another fine tale of dutch frugality . 
  i probably could only place five american states on the map , but i would definitely notice if a giant square-like lake would appear in the middle of the us . 
  not to mention a giant square-like protrusion on the coast . 
  now that you mention it , i think you 're right -_-, 
  well , the map says in the lower right that it belongs to the end of the 16th century , so there is a good chance the dutch republic was already formed at that point . 
  the dutch revolt was certainly already in motion . 
  true . 
  i never notice these kind of things , so it 's always interesting to see them explained . 
  very interesting !, 
  i never considered the fact that the dutch language never uses some letters except for loanwords , but now that i read it on this map it seems so obvious . 
  i also appreciate how in depth the map is , giving explanations even for tiny differences on the map . 
  well done . 
  it 's to keep all the weed tourists out of the actual capital by using a decoy capital :d as for the actual reason . 
  i believe in the times of the dutch republic we did n't have a official capital , but the hague was the seat of government . 
  after napoleon 's invasion amsterdam was used as the capital by the new king , napoleon 's brother . 
  after the netherlands became independent again the government got moved back to the hague , but amsterdam was still the official capital . 
  this is [ the wikipedia link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_of_the_netherlands ) about the capital . 
  in short : blame the french . 
  if just sending out a memo worked we would have done that already for the whole holland/netherlands business :d that said , i 've never heard anyone say that we have two capitals . 
  the hague is n't really the capital though , just the seat of government . 
  amsterdam is the official capital as defined by the constitution . 
  blame the english , because in dutch it 's just netherlanders who speak netherlandish in the netherlands . 
  and the french !, 
  i 'm not sure which is worse ... ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ usa , ^ ^ ^ so ^ ^ ^ we 've ^ ^ ^ got ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ going ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ us . 
  are n't all religions by definition an ideology though ? 
  this is what wikipedia says :  ideology is a collection of doctrines or beliefs shared by members of a group . 
  at least that 's how i 've always judged religion . 
  if there 's a reason for the distinction i 'd love to know . 
  that 's never stopped them before ... 
  eh , cyprus is not in europe and was allowed to join . 
  i do n't think the eu necessarily needs to be bound to europe . 
  i do n't think expansion is wise right now , but if the only thing stopping canada or australia from joining is geography , i 'm sure they would allow it . 
  if only sand and snow was worth something . 
  yes , but you use those holes as a moat . 
  you do n't sit in them !, 
  we all know it 's because of your suppressed trench-digging skills . 
  generally sand castles go up instead of down . 
  the germans are just digging trenches . 
  in size maybe , but 's that 's pretty irrelevant . 
  in terms of population most of them are pretty small . 
  the netherlands has 17 million people and is a pretty small country . 
  that 's still bigger than 46/50 states . 
  north rhine-westphalia is a state in germany with a similar population , yet no one compares it to other countries . 
  maybe texas and california can be compared to a country , but the rest of them are just states . 
  to appease the japanese . 
  i 've lived in finland for 5 months and i ca n't count the number of people that would apologize for their terrible english and then speak it almost perfectly with just a finnish accent . 
  it 's not even a bad accent . 
  you can definitely hear they 're not native speakers , but it does n't sound unpleasant . 
  the only thing i consistently noticed is that they pronounce the `` y '' like a `` u '' . 
  so they would say suustem instead of system . 
  did the intern make that in 5 minutes in paint ? 
  treason , that 's why . 
  i 'm going to put on my tinfoil hat and say putin is a nato infiltrator who 's trying to expand nato and ruin russia at the same time . 
  even without being in nato , i doubt the us would just let russia march into sweden . 
  if that does n't warrant a response we 're all doomed because russia can do anything they please .
