  refusing to take it off when representing a secular entity is compelling reason to me that she is unable to put secularism above her religion . 
  taking off a headscarf is peanuts compared to approving a gay marriage or other such things . 
  i was also informed that germany collects church tax for approved religions , so it seems they 're not truly secular . 
  it 's obviously their sovereign right to set their own rules , but as long as religious symbolism is allowed in public workplaces , i wo n't consider them secular . 
  while religious denominations might vary with rules and beliefs , within those denominations there usually several rules that everyone follows . 
  if you 're a christian you believe jesus christ is the messiah . 
  things like that are universal among christians . 
  it does n't matter though . 
  you can choose whether you 're a christian and whether you follow the rules set in the bible . 
  you ca n't choose whether you 're a woman , nor are there any beliefs that are tied to being a woman . 
  it 's a terrible comparison . 
  if there is no legal basis for it in german law , then fine . 
  prosecute the mayor . 
  i 'm still of the opinion that in a truly secular state , showing religious symbolism in public places is completely antithetical . 
   also , am i the only finding the following phrase creepy ? 
  she refused to take off her religious symbols while in the presence of men . 
  you 're right . 
  i 'm also completely creeped out by this woman 's inability to treat men equally to women . 
   this is the rule i believe should be changed , to be clear . 
  respectful and professional head coverings should likely be allowed for those who choose to wear them , for whatever reason , so that conservative muslims are not barred from serving in the civil administration . 
  if you allow head covering in the workplace , an islamic headscarf would still be disallowed because it still falls under the `` no religious symbolism '' rule . 
  it 's not about the fact it covers her head , it 's about the religious symbolism behind it . 
  jewellery is allowed , but wearing a christian cross necklace should n't be allowed either . 
   do you have an argument to present against his argument , or are you just discrediting him based on his political party ? 
  it 's only two lines so there 's not much to discuss . 
  i 'd say all my previous arguments paint a pretty clear picture why i disagree with him . 
  wearing a headscarf around men is clearly something that many muslims believe in . 
  even if you disagree on that , which i would find baffling , most workplaces do n't approve of wearing head covering in the workplace . 
  if religious symbolism was allowed she would still have to remove her head covering . 
  unless we start giving religions exceptions on that as well . 
  there is dress code and she is to adhere to it , whether it 's because of her religious beliefs or not . 
   it seems the cdu 's sven petke agrees with my assessment well yes , i do n't think it 's odd that the * christian * democrat would be in favour of showing religious symbolism . 
  i do n't agree with him either . 
   i 'll remember that reasoning the next time i see a woman . 
  i 'll forever doubt her ability to put neutrality above her gender . 
  oh wait , people can actually do that -- religious ones too , even if it is so delicious and tasty to single them out and demonize them . 
  this makes no sense . 
  being a woman is n't a belief . 
  there are n't any beliefs that are universal between woman , while religions have clear rules and guidelines . 
  furthermore , i 'm not saying that religious people ca n't put their neutrality above their religious beliefs . 
  in fact , there 's plenty of them working in the government now . 
  those are the people who have no problem with removing their religious symbols in their workplace . 
   if they 're currently holding a public sector job position that requires them to do that and have not been fired and have not been , you know , not doing that , i think that 's pretty good evidence that you can expect that to happen . 
  they probably would n't be there if that was the case . 
  this is not rocket science , you know . 
  the woman in this article was specifically fired for refusing to put her religious beliefs above the secularism of the government . 
  she refused to take off her religious symbols while in the presence of men , which shows that not only was she unable to represent the secularism of the government , but also that she discriminates against men . 
  i 'm not asking them to be agnostic . 
  i 'm asking them to put the governments secularism above their religious beliefs during their work time . 
  part of that is not wearing religious symbols . 
  the government is able to ensure religious freedom by not taking any side . 
  if their representatives do take a side , they ca n't be trusted to uphold that same religious freedom . 
   to be clear , my argument is not that the dress code should not exist , or not be applied equally to all ; it is that the dress code is prejudicial against members of certain religious traditions and should be modified accordingly . 
  i do n't think religious traditions should have any exceptions compared to non-religious . 
  they 're free to practice their religion in their personal life , but as long as they represent the government they need to put the nations ideals above their religious ideals . 
  i also would n't approve of wearing a foreign flag pin for example . 
  it shows a clear inability to represent the government . 
   if all religions had equally strict prescriptions on modesty and dress , i would completely agree with this sentiment . 
  however , the christian faith has traditionally been less concerned with this type of cultural practice -- and these values have carried on in german secular society . 
  that 's not the government giving advantages to certain religions . 
  that is religions being disadvantageous to it 's members . 
  as far as i know a headscarf is n't even strictly required by the koran , so i do n't see why they ca n't just take it off . 
  a nun would n't be able to wear her religious garb either if she worked at the government . 
  if your only point is to call me a fascist i 'm just going to ignore you and go back to burning jews . 
  if i see someone in a government job wearing obvious religious symbols i would question if they are able to put secularism above their religious beliefs . 
  if taking off that religious symbol is already asking too much , how can i expect them to approve a gay marriage or anything else that goes against their religion ? 
  [ i took my information from here ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/secular_state ) , so i figured germany is a secular nation . 
  it seems you 're some kind of in between , with no state church , but allowing approved religions to collect church tax . 
  i 'd still say that the government itself does n't favour any one religion , so the point still stands . 
  they 're perfectly free to practice their religion in their personal lives . 
  what i disagree with is practising their religion when representing a secular nation . 
  if they ca n't separate their religion from their job , i do n't trust them to behave in a secular manner . 
  it clearly show that their religion is more important than the secularism of their job . 
   if you are okay with barring those people from government work because of their religious behavior , i guess you have a very different understanding of `` the government giving advantage ( or disadvantage ) to any one religion '' than i do i guess so . 
  considering not a single religion is allowed to show religious symbols , i ca n't see how that is advantageous to any one religion . 
  i 'm not against muslims in particular working at a secular government , i 'm against any person who refuses to put the governments secularism above their personal religion working at the secular government . 
  i very much doubt that i would be allowed to just wear a cap or any other head covering . 
  in most workplaces that 's considered a minimum dress code . 
  and that 's not even my point . 
  my point is that they 're representing a secular government and therefore should be dressing secularly . 
  if they ca n't separate their religion from their job , how can we trust them to behave in a secular fashion ? 
  i think it 's fine that we exclude people that refuse to follow the rules . 
  if we think the rules are bad we should change them , but just deciding to * not * enforce a rule because it might exclude those who break them is insane . 
  christians are able to work for the government without wearing religious symbols , so why should n't muslims be able to ? 
  as far as i know the headscarf is n't even strictly required . 
  bending our rules to accommodate them is n't going to help integration either . 
  i just do n't see why today religious beliefs should have special exceptions that non-religious beliefs do n't . 
  why should a muslim be allowed to wear head covering when a non-muslim is n't ? 
  there are plenty of other exceptions for religious folk , most of which i disagree with . 
  the government is n't saying observant muslims have no place in the government . 
  it 's saying they ca n't represent the government as long as they decide to wear religious symbols . 
  the government is secular and gives no advantage to any one religion . 
  as such it 's important that their representatives actually represent that . 
  refusing to dress secular shows a clear inability of being able to separate their religion from their job , which is representing the state . 
  and in the end that 's exactly what secularism is . 
  the separation of religion and state . 
  honest question . 
  if i were to replace child labour with slavery in that first paragraph , would you still agree ? 
  we as a society have denounced slavery , therefore we expect companies not to use slave labour , even if it were legal in that country . 
  the same goes for child labour .
