  you 're ignoring the last part of my comment . 
  even if he meant moroccans who commit crimes instead of just moroccans in general , he 's still making the distinction between moroccans and other people . 
  he specifically wants to get rid of the moroccans who commit crimes , not the polish who commit crimes or the turkish who commit crimes or whatever nationality you can come up with . 
  he specifically targeted moroccans and thus made the distinction that they had less of a right to live here than other ethnic groups . 
  whatever he said beforehand about deporting people , when he made his `` more or less moroccans '' statement , he specifically singled them out as a group that we needed to get rid off , even if it was just a subgroup . 
   it should n't be encouraged because it should n't be encouraged is n't a good reason it should n't be encouraged because taking away someones citizenship is a very drastic measure . 
  if you start taking it away based on what people think you open yourself up for a lot of problems . 
  not feeling dutch is n't a crime and punishing someone for it is basically a thought-crime . 
  are we also going to take away people 's citizenship if they do n't think the same thing as the government ? 
  having to lie about whether you feel dutch is n't integration . 
  in fact , that probably breeds resentment because somehow their dutch citizenship is worth less than someone who 's ethnically dutch . 
  having to be constantly asked if you 're really dutch does n't really incentivise people to feel dutch . 
  how would you reduce the number of moroccans otherwise ? 
  but i 'll concede , he did n't specifically say they should be deported . 
  however he still made the distinction between moroccans and other people who live here . 
   seeing as he mentioned before his speech that people with double passports should be deported if they commit crimes , that 's what he would be refering to since it is what he has actually said now let 's be honest here . 
  that 's not what he said , that 's what you implied . 
  you ca n't chastise me for reading something in his statement while you do the same thing . 
  he called for less moroccans , whether by deportation or otherwise was n't specifically stated . 
  he did not however call for less people with double passports that commit crime . 
  that 's not what moroccan means . 
  and even if he meant that , then he specifically called for moroccans with double passports who commit crimes to be deported , which would still single out moroccans . 
  what nationality they identify with has no bearing on whether they have a dutch citizenship . 
  taking away their dutch citizenship and deporting them because they do n't feel dutch is not something that should be encouraged . 
  how would you even do that ? 
  no one would say they do n't feel dutch if they knew they could lose their citizenship . 
  a nuance that was not in his statement . 
  he asked whether people wanted more or less moroccans , not more or less people with double passports who commit crime . 
  that he claims to mean something else does n't change his statement . 
  and even if that 's what he meant , why does he single out moroccans ? 
  does he not care about other nationalities with double passports who commit crimes ? 
  the fact that he made that distinction is why he was convicted . 
  he 's projected to become the largest party , but still far from the required number of seats to form a government . 
  if the other parties uphold their promise not to form a coalition with wilders then he wo n't be part of the new government , despite being the largest party . 
  pvv also does much better in polls than actual elections . 
  i think people want to send a message to the current government , but when election time comes they do n't want to protest vote . 
  whether this election will be the same remains to be seen . 
  that 's not true . 
  he asked a group of people whether they wanted more or less moroccans in the netherlands . 
  they replied less and he said they would take care of that . 
  that 's a substantially different statement , because closing immigration from morocco will not reduce the number of moroccans . 
  he was advocating for deportation of a certain ethnic group . 
  most moroccans in the netherlands are also dutch citizens , so i 'm sure you can see why some people would be opposed to their deportation . 
  i 'm sure they could figure it out . 
  maybe set up something like twitch plays romanian ambassador to north korea . 
  sounds like world class entertainment . 
  i never claimed otherwise . 
  negotiations have never been stopped by the eu , although i 'm sure they could find a way if they wanted to . 
  in the end the eu is an exclusive club and they 're not going to let anyone in they do n't want to join . 
  if turkey ever fulfils the chapters ( which is unlikely at present ) they can still be blocked by a single veto from a member state . 
  i do n't think they even need to give a reason . 
  building a union who has to eventually let every applicant in is a recipe for disaster , which they anticipated when drafting the accession rules . 
  there 's no protocol because it has never been necessary to have one . 
  even so , as long as the country does n't comply with the chapters they ca n't join the eu . 
  if turkey ever did fulfil the requirements they can still be vetoed by any member state and the european parliament . 
  if the eu does n't want a country to join , even if negotiations are already opened , it still has the power to keep the country out for as long as it wants . 
  greece is southern europe and finland is northern europe . 
  the only context where those two would be considered western is when we are talking about the western world , which would also include the baltics because they 're part of the eu . 
  that 's how wilders works . 
  he 's the only one telling it how it is and the only one who will save the netherlands . 
  yet there has n't been a single is attack here and police actually arrest terrorist before they can do anything . 
  it almost makes you think that the current government is doing a decent job fighting terrorism . 
  when i was waiting at helsinki central station some old lady started talking to me . 
  apparently she wanted to convert me to mormonism , so i made a quick but polite exit as soon as possible . 
  if the internet is to be trusted , every subway in america has at least one street performer playing music or doing some other annoying trick . 
  feudalism requires subjects to function . 
  no one actually lives in drenthe so feudalism would 've been pointless . 
  fair point , drowning would definitely be considered a problem . 
  if i 'm wrong feel free to call me out , but i believe the difference between sex and gender is quite recent and is mostly used in english . 
  in dutch we never really distinguished the two and only used `` geslacht '' , which means the sex . 
  we do n't really have a word for gender , apart from the english word itself . 
  so what 's happening in this article is probably that they mean it will become easier to change gender , but they 're using the dutch word `` geslacht '' which means sex in english . 
  well , whales are mammals so when exposed to water for a sufficient amount of time they would indeed drown , right ? 
  i was in finland for erasmus and the week before labour day we went to talinn . 
  the whole boat was just filled with finns carrying carts of alcohol back home . 
  i figured as much , but there 's been plenty of americans that use the argument that uncircumcised penises are weird and girls dislike it without realising that this is only true in america . 
  well , that 's the issue . 
  nobody cares whether you get circumcised when you 're an adult , because you can make that decision yourself . 
  however when you force it on a child , that 's what makes it a problem . 
  it 's not about the act itself but on who it 's performed . 
  if you 're american maybe . 
  in europe circumcision is not the norm so it looks weird . 
  the only thing you guys got on lockdown are your arteries . 
  later today on / r/tifu ... 
  because it rains there 24/7 ? 
   could you imagine it ? 
  i literally can not imagine how cold that must feel . 
  :p -10 is already extreme . 
  if that were to happen in the netherlands we would all just freeze to death . 
  do n't worry . 
  in the post-brexit era everyone will need to upgrade their sarcasm detector . 
  the old one ca n't handle sarcasm of this magnitude . 
  i 'd dare say russia gets a bit colder than the netherlands . 
  :p -12 is quite extreme for the netherlands . 
  if it 's cold , it 's generally around freezing point but not much lower . 
  `` i have lived this long despite surstr\u00f6mming ! '', 
  - average swedish teen, 
  i 'm getting this vibe that they may be into guns . 
  if there 's anything positive that came from this election , it 's the massive amount of good will mexico got from it . 
  and then they just swim around it .
