  very clever how you blamed the germans for it . 
  how dare you !, 
  the problem with all those shorties is that they 're harder to accurately hit . 
  i think that may be the sea of azov , but i could n't tell you where they left the black sea if that 's the case . 
  no , it 's a perfect plan . 
  get annexed by turkey 2 . 
  greek debt gets transfered to turkey 3 . 
  greece declares independence 4 . 
  because adolf hitler is the most famous dictator in modern history . 
  he 's kind of the go to comparison when any kind of leader starts showing dictatorial tendencies . 
  they do n't bat an eye because the german government has power over both bavaria and schleswig-holstein . 
  i 'm not sure how free states in germany are with their budget , but in the netherlands the government is the one who holds the cards . 
  any similar arrangements with greece would most likely be unacceptable because of loss of sovereignty . 
  i would n't mind subsidising greece if the eu was a federation , because the federal government would have some power over the budget . 
  right now we have to loan greece money and hope their government does the right thing . 
  did a belgian just compliment us on doing a good job ? 
  * checks outside window * hmm , it does n't seem to be the end of the world yet , so this must be some kind of trick !, 
  we 're desperately trying * not * to get too close to atlantis . 
  i 'm sure if you ask some hollanders that they would agree with your assessment :d, 
  petition to rename nice to bad in order to avoid further confusion . 
  shit , when did the netherlands become an island near the coast of north america ? 
  now we only have the brits to keep us company . 
  i 'm not italian , so i do n't know how relevant it is , but i do know that i feel both european and dutch . 
  if you go further i feel brabantian ( my province ) and even further i identify with my town . 
  a lot of people seem to think you have to feel either your nationality or european and that they are somehow polar opposites . 
  hopefully this will change in the future , so people understand you can be both . 
  being irrelevant finally pays off !, 
  as he finally lays the final stone : * you got a permit for that ? 
  goddammit mexico !, 
  you 're on a different continent from us and still you manage to steal our jobs !, 
  * angry fist-waving ensues *, 
  they were just laying around !, 
  ca n't we keep them ? 
   and your heineken what makes you think we want to keep it ? 
  there 's a reason it 's the most famous dutch beer abroad . 
  because we export all of it . 
  there 's only been rumours , nothing concrete . 
  i do n't think she 's his type :p, 
   we will not allow any eu country to cherry pick the benefits of the uk ... 
  is it ever not ? 
  god just likes to collect foreskins , okay . 
  it 's like post stamps , but for divine beings . 
  i think the slightly lighter shade of brown means we are . 
  you can already download the apk if you 're on android . 
  i 've been playing it over the weekend . 
  you can already download the apk if you 're on android and play normally . 
  i would n't be surprised if they found out that the person in charge of this track was playing pokemon go . 
   the uk will simply be treated as any non-member country would be i agree with this , but many brits will see this as a punishment . 
  anything less than being allowed to keep their exceptions and some extra 's added ( immigration ) will be seen by many as a punishment from the eu . 
  this obviously does n't apply to every single brit , but i 've noticed that many see any non-preferential treatment as some form of revenge against leaving . 
  i 'm wishing the uk the best and i hope brexit will work out for them , but i will seriously be pissed if they get a better deal than norway or island . 
  was this all an insidious plot to allow you two places in eurovision , thus increasing your chances of winning ? 
  it would only take like two or three tweets before it just devolves into posting pictures of big red buttons with hands hovering over them . 
  i do n't have any data , just what i 've perceived . 
  it seems her international reputation has been mostly tarnished by the refugee crisis and how greece was handled , though i feel both were more of a collective eu failure than her personal failure . 
  in many ways more democracy means less sovereignty and vice versa . 
  it just so happens that both are some of the major arguments against the eu , leaving it in some form of limbo state . 
  maybe i 'm misunderstanding the video , but it seems like most of their complaints were about westminster and the british politicians . 
  it seems so counter-intuitive to leave the eu if your problems are with domestic politics . 
  in the end you 're still stuck with them . 
  i just do n't understand it . 
  sounds pretty accurate for the world war era dutch military :d, 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  fixed !, 
  he is the leader of the biggest party and therefore the pm . 
  yes , we do n't directly elect our pm , but he 's most definitely our democratically elected head of ~ ~ state ~ ~ government , as his party gained more votes than any of the others . 
   he only got a seat in the dutch parliament because he managed to weasel his way up on the list of the second-largest part that is how most of the dutch parliament got their job , because most do n't reach enough preferential votes . 
  it 's how the system works , so i do n't see how you can hold it against him . 
  i 'd also say germans would n't be very fond of nazi germany being * the * germany . 
  the leader is often a popular leader , not necessarily the most important one . 
  yet after the the glorious revolution the dutch republic declined drastically in favour of great britain . 
  it sounds pretty nice to `` conquer '' great britain , but it surely did not work in favour of the dutch . 
  william of orange is by far the better choice . 
  if you had to ask any random dutchman who our most famous ruler was , most would say william of orange . 
  william of orange is probably the best pick . 
  everyone knows him as the father of the fatherland , so who else would lead our country ? 
  the voice-acting is also very well done , though a bit wooden . 
  that can be handwaved as being old dutch though . 
  you do n't see proper dutch very often in non-dutch media . 
  usually it 's some american speaking something more akin to german :p, 
  `` make brittany great for once ! '', 
  just does n't have the same ring to it . 
   hedonistic drug amusement park yes , that 's amsterdam :p all kidding aside , i do n't know the numbers . 
  i do n't think we 're anything out of the ordinary . 
  at least for weed , i believe it 's lower than other countries . 
  amsterdam is an exception though , specifically because of tourists . 
  it has a lot more coffeeshops than other cities . 
  the red light district is also much more public . 
  make brittany great again ? 
  wealthy bankers are used to snorting cocaine of a whore 's tits . 
  amsterdam provides both :d, 
  java is an indonesian island . 
  where do i collect my it job ? 
  cheer for germany . 
  when the times comes for us to beat them next world cup it will be that much sweeter . 
  the stronger the beast , the more glorious the kill . 
  because the french , italians and spanish can already work and live in germany without needing citizenship . 
  the british on the other hand are leaving the eu , which means they lose that right . 
  germany is trying to help the brits that are already living in germany , who probably did n't want to leave the union . 
  world war 2 : electric boogaloo,
