  true , but most donations here come from the actual party members themselves . 
  a lot of left wing parties have a system where you need to donate a certain percentage of your salary to the party . 
  those still get counted as donations though . 
  in that context it makes a bit more sense . 
  if belgium were to invade , opportunities would n't be the only thing they 'd miss ... 
  fair enough , the americans * do * donate more than the rest of the world . 
  maybe because they do n't have universal healthcare , so charity efforts are more necessary in their country than most other developed countries . 
  still , 13th out of a 140 ai n't that bad . 
  :p edit : also , still better than finland !, 
  suck it finland !, 
  well , it * is * insulting , but just because it 's insulting does n't mean it ca n't be funny . 
  it does n't even make any sense . 
  i do n't think wilders has ever been seriously accused of being in russia 's pocket . 
  such criticisms are more applicable to trump and le pen . 
  just because all of them are far right does n't mean they 're all pro-russia . 
  wilders has n't been very outspoken on russia . 
  why spend money on a politician when i can spend it on helping the poor ? 
  politicians do n't need the money here . 
  we do n't have an extremely long election process like the americans , so it does n't necessitate these absurd amounts of money . 
  this was actually voted on recently . 
  it was a proposal from denk , who are often accused of being puppets of erdogan . 
  basically every right wing party voted against it , while every left wing party voted for it . 
  there was an [ article ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2162007-welke-partij-kreeg-de-meeste-giften-en-wie-geeft-het-meest-uit.html ) in / r/thenetherlands yesterday about the donations to political parties in the netherlands . 
  total spending in the 2012 elections was around 10 million euro 's . 
  meanwhile clinton alone spend around 1,2 billion dollar . 
  even considering the vast size difference between the us and the netherlands , that 's just absolutely ludicrous . 
  money in politics is one of the many things that , in my opinion , make america 's democracy so dysfunctional . 
   there is n't just an absence of evidence . 
  there is kuenssberg 's soruce . 
  that is evidence . 
  you 're completely misreading what i 'm saying . 
  * kuenssbergs source is evidence for the queen backing brexit . 
  * there is no evidence that the queen does n't back brexit . 
  that lack of evidence however is not evidence for the contrary . 
  the reason i 'm saying that is because you said this :  given what we know about the queen , it is more likely that she did back brexit than she did n't . 
  ** there are no good sources indicating that she was opposed to brexit . 
  ** what i 'm saying that is that you ca n't use the lack of evidence as evidence for the contrary . 
  kuenssbergs source is a separate issue . 
  regarding the rest if this discussion . 
  i think can we continue arguing until we weigh an ounce but we 're both not going to budge . 
  i do n't find the given sources credible enough to say the queen backs brexit , while you do . 
  let 's just agree to disagree . 
   it is bbc policy to doubly source stories . 
  probably because they do n't find single sources on their own credible enough . 
  they did n't just decide you need two sources for fun . 
   he did not say that the queen did not back brexit . 
  he called the entire story nonsense . 
  just because he did n't say `` i deny the queen backed brexit '' does n't mean he did n't deny it . 
   no , they are sourced . 
  laura kuenssberg specifically says she has a source . 
  an anonymous source which was in itself not enough for publication . 
  she specifically says she could n't find any supporting evidence . 
  we ca n't verify the source , so it might as well be unsourced . 
   there is evidence . 
  laura kuenssberg is evidence . 
  i was talking about evidence for the queen * not * backing brexit . 
  there 's no such evidence , but the absence of such evidence ca n't be used as evidence for the queen backing brexit . 
   laura kuenssberg is a serious journalist . 
  she would not have gone on the record with this without a credible source . 
  the only reason she came forward is because of the sun . 
  she did n't find the single source she had credible enough for publication . 
   clegg said he could not recall the conversation and dismissed the sun 's account as `` nonsense '' maybe you and i have different definitions of denial , but that sounds like denial to me . 
   given what we know about the queen , it is more likely that she did back brexit than she did n't . 
  there are no good sources indicating that she was opposed to brexit . 
  that may very well be true , but these are just unsourced rumours which to me is n't enough to definitively say the queen backs brexit . 
  the absence of evidence for the contrary is n't evidence in itself . 
  so basically an unsourced rumour started by the sun , which was then denied by nick clegg , who supposedly had a first hand account , and then buckingham complained about the accuracy . 
  forgive me for taking that with a grain of salt . 
  clever thinking . 
  you ca n't commit suicide if you 're dead . 
   masses of people ended up believing in the idea that the uk spends 375 million pounds on eu membership and all the others . 
  stuff like that can be disproven by a simple google search . 
  while i agree that farage , johnson , etc are responsible for the lies they peddled , that does n't absolve the voter of responsibility . 
  they chose to stay uninformed in a world where finding information is easier than ever . 
  if you 're uninformed you either do n't care ( which is imo fine , as long as you do n't vote uninformed ) or you willfully choose to be . 
   you now have netherlands on the verge of majority voting for a right wing euro sceptic party with `` majority '' meaning 20 % at best . 
  there 's still 80 % who despise wilders . 
  he 's never going to form a government and will continue to shout in the opposition . 
  the netherlands will not be the biggest problem the eu 's going to face . 
  jeez , at least our benelux shitflings are mostly about road quality . 
  the mods do n't upvote shitty articles . 
  that 's no coincidence . 
  we only do the minimal required exercise to outrank finland . 
  like , at least 5 . 
  hitler : literally america . 
  send this to italy and watch the entire country explode with the force of a thousand suns !, 
  the netherlands does n't have only two parties . 
  there 's like a dozen parties and wilders only reaches about 20 % of the vote . 
  the fragmentation of dutch politics means that 20 % is enough to become the biggest party , but not nearly enough to form a government . 
  combine that with the fact most parties have sworn not to form a coalition with wilders , his chances to become pm are close to zero , even if he becomes the biggest party . 
  you 're the 9th biggest country in europe , 6th in the eu . 
  the 10th is romania with around 20 million people , so about half of poland . 
  i would say you 're on the lower end of the big countries in europe . 
  surely you meant the brilliant dutch inventor , nikolaas van tessel ? 
  you 'll note new zealand is upside down , so in reality it 's a massive downvote . 
  translation :  ` but why pechtold ? 
  ' , the court asks . 
  ' i support the pvv ' , says the suspect , ` and d66 is squarely against them . 
  if it 's so nice then why does n't everyone go to norway to commit a crime ? 
  maybe because deprivation of freedom outweighs all those other things ?
