  suck it , finland . 
  i 'll add that to the list of reasons why belgium should join the netherlands . 
  i think there should be a distinction between disliking the way russia behaves and russia itself . 
  i 've been to saint petersburg and i loved the city , the people were extremely nice and i had a great time in general . 
  but i really dislike the way russia is behaving on the international stage . 
  the invasion of crimea was unacceptable , even before mh17 was shot down . 
  i do n't want to see russia destroyed , but i would like them to become a peaceful neighbour who has respect for its neighbours . 
  we 're hoping you wo n't invade us again if we 're really nice to you guys . 
  i think it 's kind of funny how france is among the countries that like france the least . 
  67 % is n't that bad , but it still puts them in the lower quarter . 
  there 's the obvious invasion of crimea , but i think mh17 is the main reason why the netherlands rates russia so low . 
  it brought the danger of russia closer to home . 
  it 's up to the member states to allow the eu to do it . 
  the eu ca n't just say one day : `` from now on this matter is an eu competence '' . 
  they need to get approval from the member states and the member states are reluctant to give up sovereignty to the eu . 
  would n't it be more because of the cold war ? 
  because the us heavily promoted christianity to oppose the atheistic soviet union . 
  we will welcome you whenever you want to come back , friend . 
  a little bit from column a and a little bit from column b. 
  united in disunity :p, 
  byzantium rose from the dead . 
  it sounds so sophisticated yet vulgar . 
  maybe we should use it like `` carthago delenda est '' . 
  just end every eu speech with fuckus nigellus . 
  ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ butchering ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ alphabet ... 
  here we actually have a miniature of the birth of jesus beneath the christmas tree , so yea that pretty religious . 
  :p then there 's obviously the songs and stuff . 
  but the birth of jesus is still very central to the holiday , even if you 're not religious . 
  i do n't know about germany , but i guess it 's very similar to the netherlands . 
  christmas is still very much associated with christianity , even though it 's celebrated by non-christians . 
  biblical quotes and biblical stories are very much intertwined with the holiday . 
  i 'm sure as a scot you can empathise , seeing how often people just call the uk england . 
  if your child was brainwashed by terrorists and send to blow up a bomb while you did n't know about it , at some point you 've failed . 
  you think we 're afraid of climate change ? 
  the dykes just got 10 feet higher !, 
  and if the dykes no longer cut it we 'll just encase the entire country in a giant glass dome . 
  how about good ol' comic sans ? 
  in the netherlands moroccan is generally accepted to refer to their ethnicity . 
  moroccans with dutch citizenship are still referred to as moroccans , usually because they have dual citizenship . 
  wilders is like fighting fire with fire . 
  there 's no doubt there 's a problem with radical islam , but shooting at your burning house with a flamethrower is n't going to put the fire out . 
  somehow they 're both incapable of actually saying anything of substance , but also the only ones who can fix the problem . 
   banning religious outings such as the chadri is n't just so people would n't get offended though , it 's also a matter of national security , as those people are n't able to be identified , the balaclava is banned for public use for the same reason . 
  surely you can see the difference between a ban on facial covering and religious dress ? 
  one is to identify people , the other is because you 're offended by their clothing . 
  even if you want to ban it , to put it on the same level as treason ( which is one of the few reasons to revoke citizenship ) is absolutely ludicrous . 
   much like sexuality , no one in the netherlands minds gay people but that does n't mean you should go ahead and kiss in public , that 's disgusting , and it does n't matter whether it 's a guy and a girl or two dudes , it just should n't happen . 
  i do n't really care whether you find it disgusting , kissing in public is perfectly fine . 
  i 'm quite done with this conversation as it basically boils down to `` we should ban things i do n't like '' . 
  a lot of your beliefs are in my opinion antithetical to dutch values , but at least i believe you should be able to say them , which in it self is a dutch value . 
   that depends on who you ask , considering how controversial this subject is you can probably imagine there 's a lot of people that do actually see that as disturbing if someone is actually * that * disturbed by someone wearing religious garb they should probably try to follow the dutch value of tolerance and let it be . 
   if you voice your thoughts you should n't be suprised if there 's people disagreeing with you , and should n't be offended by that either . 
  there 's a difference between being offended and punishing someone . 
  go ahead and criticise people who you disagree with , but i do not agree with punishing them for it . 
  the only exception should be when it actually harms people , like with discrimination and inciting hate . 
  hon hon hon ? 
   they 've got freedom of religion , you can practise your religion without disturbing the social cohesion , religious outings in public are frowned upon , so technically you 're breaking the law already as that 's disturbance of public order . 
  that 's a very liberal interpretation of disturbing the public order which basically negates the freedom of religion . 
  religious dress would certainly not count as disturbance , unless you want to ban everything that the majority does n't do . 
   thoughts are only legal as long as they remain inside of your head . 
  thoughts are legal as long as they do n't promote hate and discrimination , even if you voice them . 
   you do n't have to be ethnically dutch in order to act dutch dutch people also commit crimes . 
  if there 's a moroccan with a double passport who commits a crime , should they be punished harsher than a dutchman who commits the same crime ? 
  how do you determine if someone commits a crime because they do n't feel dutch or for some other reason ? 
  so basically you think we ca n't infer anything from his statement because trying to understand what `` less moroccans '' means is putting words in his mouth ? 
  it 's basically a meaningless statement then , apart from somehow wanting less moroccans . 
   so the destinction is n't that large the distinction is there and that 's all that matters . 
  [ you 're also exempt from the afstandsplicht if you 're married to a dutchmen or came here as a refugee . 
   you 're wearing a religious traditional dress that covers your entire body ? 
  quite obvious you have n't adapted . 
  would nun 's be included ? 
  even so , the netherlands has freedom of religion so being able to wear religious dress is perfectly in line with dutch values . 
   you ca n't even speak the native language even though you 've been here for decades ? 
  quite obvious you have n't adapted . 
  this should be determined before granting citizenship . 
   you 're walking around , being totally digusted by everything that does n't follow your religious beliefs ? 
  quite obvious you have n't adapted . 
  being disgusted is n't illegal and once again the netherlands has freedom of religion . 
   advocating the sharia ? 
  you have n't adapted freedom of speech , unless they are spreading hate and discrimination in which case they should be brought to court , just like wilders was . 
   if you 're practising the norms of values of another country in a country where these norms and values are considered illegal , then you 're committing actual crime , not thought crime . 
  none of the above are actually illegal , apart from possibly advocating sharia . 
  as for the crimes you then list , there 's already actual punishments for those crimes . 
  having a second punishment for people who are not ethnically dutch is discrimination . 
   if they do n't consider the dutch goverment their government , then they 've got no business living in the netherlands . 
  like wilders , who called parliament a `` fake parliament '' ? 
  that 's also not what i said . 
  i said people who think different from the government . 
  if i do n't agree with the vvd should my citizenship be called into question ? 
  right now they 're the biggest party , so clearly they best represent dutch norms and values . 
  okay , so you think it means deporting moroccans with double passports who commit crime . 
  do you not see that he still makes the distinction between moroccans and other nationalities ? 
  calling for the deportation of * people * with double passports who commit crime is fine . 
  calling for the deportation of * moroccans * with double passports who commit crime is not fine . 
  the difference between the two is that one of them is based on their ethnicity . 
  the reason his statement was found discriminating is because he specifically called out moroccans . 
  let 's be clear here . 
  what do you think his `` more or less moroccans '' statement meant . 
  because you deny that it means deportation of moroccans , so i do n't see how it can mean deportation of double passport holders who commit crime . 
  i 'm not sure whether that 's your interpretation , so i 'd like to make this clear before we continue this discussion .
