  at least the hobbits were able to reach mordor . 
  ca n't say the same for belgium . 
  they use chainsaws . 
  gives it just that extra bit of authority . 
  i can take a guy with a mallet , but i 'd have second thoughts about taking on a guy with a chainsaw . 
  by the power of land !, 
  we call germany !, 
  by the power of sea !, 
  we call the netherlands !, 
  by the power of air !, 
  we call belgium !, 
  together they form ... great germania !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ wallonia edit : we were going to invite poland to have the power of space , but he can not into ... 
  caravans are blighted creatures of sin . 
  there 's a reason we exile them to france every year . 
  incidentally , that 's also the sound our car made when we drove on your roads . 
  that annoys me too , but at the very least it 's better than the french way . 
  i can see why they call you the mad fleming now ... 
  so what you 're saying is that your roads would be better if no one drove on them ? 
  that 's because the autobahn has no speed limit , so you 're supposed to ride at the speed of light . 
  at that speed lights are unnecessary . 
  oh , i agree . 
  i was just saying that every language has its problems , so asking why we 're all on an american forum discussing this is a weird question . 
  as a commoner , this would explain my marks in french class . 
  let 's face it . 
  do you really want to admit that the belgians did it better than you ? 
  that 's even embarrassing for nations with a smaller ego than france . 
  have you ever driven on belgian roads ? 
  if you had you would n't say that . 
  they 're good at being a place for france and germany to meet , but there 's a reason they mostly used tanks . 
  not at all . 
  we are foremost experts on awful spelling and grammar , so we have the authority to declare other languages awful . 
  it only makes sense . 
  exactly . 
  find me one language that does n't have stupid grammar . 
  they all have their own inefficiencies . 
  english is no different . 
  it 's not often that you hear the belgians have a better way to do things . 
  it just goes to show how bad your numbers are . 
  why you do this , france ? 
  sanity ? 
  where we 're going we do n't need sanity !, 
  it 's our greatest superpower . 
  solution : we 'll all speak dunglish . 
  i did n't need my ears after all . 
  but it is hilarious . 
  i 'm done with this discussion . 
  you ran out of arguments and are now resorting to personal insults . 
  have a nice day . 
  the north koreans also hesitate to feed their population and initiate peace talks with south korea to bring an end to their conflict . 
  maybe consider not using such ludicrous comparisons . 
  the fact you 're using it as a measure says more about you than me . 
  you 'll have to fight russia for it at this rate . 
  i 'd like to see you think up a situation where he knocked up a 12-year-old twice in the span of the two years and it would n't be child abuse . 
  i honestly do n't give a shit that it 's acceptable there . 
  i 'm not gon na tell a 12-year-old she should allow her rapist to see her kids because of `` cultural values '' . 
  allowing a child rapist to get away without punishment just because of moral relativism is absolutely spineless . 
  they come to our country so they should respect our laws and values and we have decided child abuse is unacceptable , no matter the circumstances . 
  whatever is normal in the middle east does n't matter to me . 
  if he does n't want to lose his child-wife and his kids , he should stay in his own country . 
  a lot of countries have laws for sex between children . 
  a 15-year-old having sex with a 12-year-old would most likely be legal . 
  in the netherlands it 's up to the discretion of the courts if i 'm correct . 
  i 'm more concerned about the 20 + year-old marrying a 12-year-old . 
   and the fact they 're now here does n't mean that the husband can not love his children or his wife , even if she is younger than him i 'm sorry , but this should have absolutely zero effect on whether they 're punished . 
  i 'm sure there 's some child rapists who truly love the child , but i do n't care . 
  having sex with children is child abuse . 
  their feelings towards the child are of no consequence . 
  the netherlands has no sovereignty in the philippines . 
  we ca n't order them around about what they do on their soil . 
  if they detain a dutchman for being in a room with a strange child in the netherlands , we have no power to stop them . 
  we can open diplomatic channels to coerce them to release the dutchman , but if the philippines says no , we ca n't do anything . 
  if you would click on that link for age of majority , you 'll find that in most countries it 's 18 years old . 
  there are only nine countries where it 's lower , of which there are only three from the middle east . 
  even in those countries it 's 15 years old , which is slightly more acceptable , but still not very reassuring . 
  so according to almost every country on earth ( except for the us and some territories ) , a 12-year-old is a child . 
  the crc is international law . 
  so yes , we can punish them . 
  that 's why i 'm not advocating to go there and set them straight . 
  but when they come here we should be able to punish them for it . 
  telling the child that her rape was okay because it happened in a culture that tolerates it is something we should not be a part of . 
  at the very least we should take in the child , annul the marriage and send the husband back . 
   points at / r/jonewer hnnggrr !, 
  if they have proof that i 've been in a room alone with a strange child , then sure . 
  however it 'd be hard to find such proof without having me tracked daily . 
  in fact , i doubt i 've ever been alone in a room with a child i do not know . 
  that 's different from coming here with a child-wife and the child you have with her . 
  that 's undeniable proof you had sex with her . 
  children are defined by our laws . 
  it 's not just an arbitrary term . 
  it 's clearly defined in [ the convention on the rights of the child ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/convention_on_the_rights_of_the_child ) , of which all middle eastern countries are also signatories . 
  claiming that they do n't see 12-year-olds as children is ludicrous . 
  no , but if you come here with your child-wife and the child you had with her , you should be arrested and punished . 
  going to the philippines does n't mean you had sex with children . 
  coming from the middle east also does n't mean you had sex with children . 
  if you 're married to a child and had another child with her , then there 's proof you had sex with children . 
  i 'm not advocating imprisoning all people form the middle east . 
  i 'm saying we should arrest and punish those who are married to children . 
  there 's a clear distinction . 
  coming from the middle east is not a crime .
