  the patient experienced her suffering as unbearable ' . 
  if you click on the source in the article , this is what it says . 
  she was n't able to `` splatter herself on the pavement '' . 
  even if you prefer that , which i think is terrible , other people might wish to go out differently . 
  if i had to pick a way to commit suicide i would prefer in the hospital by medical professionals . 
  just going to sleep and never waking up sounds much better than anything i could do on my own . 
  doctors are n't allowed to suggest euthanasia in the netherlands . 
  it can only be done through a voluntary and well-considered request from the patient . 
  if they ask you to commit euthanasia it 's not legal and they can be prosecuted for it . 
  she was suicidal because of her condition . 
  there 's a good chance she was n't going to recover . 
  i 'd much prefer her to die on her own terms , with the help medical professionals than having to jump in front of a train or hang herself . 
  if it 's her wish and she 's deemed competent , we should help her end her suffering . 
  there 's also the idea that allowing people to commit euthanization like this will make people seek out doctors and other professionals instead of just committing suicide themselves . 
  when they do , they can be helped . 
  would that result in a similar situation like that lady in america ? 
  could they be prosecuted for refusing to process those civil unions ? 
  they 're picking us up on the sonar though . 
  this is like golf right ? 
  fewer points is better . 
  how do you keep your beer cold in the sauna ? 
  or do you just throw the beer on the stove instead of water to absorb the alcohol ? 
  we 're still holding out for ~ ~ the annexation ~ ~ committed relationship . 
  do n't listen to poland , finland . 
  all those decades of german occupation must have left him without a sense of humor . 
  just duct tape a joystick onto you manual . 
  gun deaths and obesity will actually go down in america when self driving cars get popular , because if there 's one thing you ca n't do to an american , it 's tell them what to do . 
  i was in valencia for a high school exchange and there were mountains near the sea !, 
  the sea !, 
  what kind of fantasy-ass place is this ? 
  like trump would tolerate anything but solid gold in his white house . 
  implying the dykes will ever break . 
  by the time that 's going to happen we 've already built a dome around the country . 
  we will succeed where atlantis failed . 
  there 's a difference between seeing them and having a relationship with them . 
  i 've also seen people from holland ( a much larger percentage of the my country ) but i do n't have any as friends . 
  muslims generally live in bigger cities within their own communities , so that does n't really facilitate friendship . 
  i 'm sure i could make some muslim friends if i actively go out to find them but that 's not how friendship works . 
  i do n't * need * a muslim friend just like i do n't * need * a hollandish friend . 
  i 'll find friends in my environment . 
  left-handedness is randomly distributed across the country . 
  muslims generally live in the cities , which means people who do n't live there have a lower chance of befriending one . 
  considering the welsh are british , their language ca n't really be foreign . 
   and when alexander saw the breadth of his domain , he wept ... for there were no more worlds to conquer . 
  the dutch : we 're on it !, 
  and it will end because we demand it !, 
  cuba does n't recognise the contract and has consistently refused to cash the checks they receive for it . 
  obviously . 
  i do n't think sanctions are really pushing us to the brink of war though . 
  they 're just the most reasonable reaction to russia 's actions . 
  it 's not like we 're sending troops to ukraine and syria . 
  cozying up to russia so that maybe they will stop fucking with ukraine is a bit naive . 
  appeasement rarely works with dictators . 
  they will just keep pushing until they find a new red line . 
  everyone likes to be on good terms with russia . 
  that does n't mean we should just ignore everything they do and act like we 're blind . 
  the invasion of crimea and the continued war in eastern ukraine , combined with supporting a tyrant like assad are worthy of sanctions . 
  if russia wants good relationships , they also need to act friendly . 
  otherwise it 's just us bending over for putin . 
  he was obviously dutch . 
  his brother was even king of the netherlands !, 
  it ca n't get more obvious than that . 
  `` what makes a man turn neutral ... 
  lust for gold ? 
  power ? 
  or were you just born with a heart full of neutrality ? '', 
  that explains why nicola sturgeon is pushing for scottish independence . 
  she 's literally property of the queen . 
  switzerland will not be amused . 
  sorry , eu death squads are on its way to your home . 
  dictator was a roman title which ceasar held . 
  a dictator was given full authority of the state in an emergency . 
  it is n't used in the same way as a modern dictator , it was literally his job title . 
  what about spain and the uk switch countries , so gibraltar will finally be connected to the uk ~ ~ again ~ ~ ? 
  alright finland . 
  let 's call it a draw . 
  gy bent dood , kind . 
  be nice to each other or we will exterminate you !, 
   though haggis balls are superior toch maar een neerhispanjool !, 
  do n't worry !, 
  you 're actually very nice people !, 
  wow , that 's quite impressive . 
  so they 're basically untriggerable ? 
  so the saying `` pop the cork '' can be both a slur against a corkman , and a way to open a bottle ? 
  turkey finally decided that if they ca n't have them , no one can . 
  they do n't call it greek love for nothing . 
  buildings things on swamps is a great idea though !, 
  have you seen some of those gerrymandered districts in america ? 
  making sense seems to be the last thing they would consider . 
  it also says with soap and water . 
  if you only wash with water , it does n't count on this map . 
  if the us can meme a president into office , maybe we can meme europe into a union . 
  tfw you do n't need superheroes , because you do n't have supercriminals . 
  it has sparkly stars on the flag , so obviously . 
  bunch of addicts is what they are . 
  everyone knows you do n't cross the 10kg threshold . 
  it tastes so good though !, 
   ** verb ( used without object ) , rebel , rebelled , rebelling . 
  **  to resist or rise against some authority , control , or tradition . 
  going against party policy seems to qualify .
