  i do n't want to risk no winning with a large margin though . 
  it will be much easier for the government to ignore the result if the it 's 49/51 or something similar . 
  i believe it 's only possible to approve or disapprove the law . 
  i do n't think you can hold a referendum about changing a certain portion of it . 
  i 'm reading the wikipedia page though and apparently they 're discussing changing the constitution to allow for a binding referendum . 
  the current law would then automatically be dropped . 
  hopefully they 've learned their lesson . 
  the referendum is non-binding , so it 's entirely legal for them to say that their democratic mandate allows them to ignore the outcome and ratify the treaty . 
  the association agreement has to be ratified by every single government in the eu . 
  this was not a decision made by just the european government , but by the 28 independent countries that form the eu . 
  both the eerste kamer and the tweede kamer agreed to sign this treaty before the referendum was held . 
  it 's fine to be against the treaty itself , but this is not something that 's forced on us . 
  our democratically elected government agreed that it was the right course of action . 
  i 'm sure if someone gets 300.000 signatures within 6 weeks there would be one . 
  but i doubt anyone cares that much about changing the referendum law . 
  this referendum passed because most people just wanted to shout against the eu . 
  everyone has an opinion on the eu , very few have an opinion on the referendum law . 
  you 'd also have a hard time convincing most people that referenda should be abolished by having a referendum on it :p, 
  most recent polls show that the 30 % turnout will be reached , so a lot of `` voor '' voters who would 've stayed at home are now going to vote . 
  i also contemplated staying home so the turnout does n't get reached , but i 'd rather `` voor '' wins . 
  they also decided it should be a non-binding referendum , so they 're free to ignore the outcome . 
  the referendum law is also very flawed . 
  it 's only possible to have a referendum on laws that have already been signed into law . 
  it 's terribly inefficient . 
  it would make much more sense to have a referendum before the law gets passed . 
  right now we had already agreed to sign the treaty , but now we 're reconsidering that stance . 
  it makes the dutch signature much less valuable in international politics because at any moment it can be rescinded . 
  yea , it was pretty good . 
  the karaoke however was absolutely awful and those people should be prosecuted for crimes against humanity . 
  it was the snoo holding the european flag that 's now in the comment box . 
  so nothing changed really . 
  i would agree that saying it has * nothing * to do with eu membership is not entirely true . 
  however many people seem to believe that an association agreement guarantees eu membership which is absolutely false . 
  after the agreement they still need to reform a lot of things before they 'd even be considered candidates . 
  the chance that ukraine will join in the next 10 years , not to mention 20 years is so miniscule i would n't even consider it a factor in this referendum . 
  personally i would welcome a ukraine that meets all the eu standards . 
  even if they are n't allowed to join it would be much better for ukrainians themselves . 
  a prosperous ukraine is also beneficial for the eu . 
  we all benefit , except for maybe russia if they continue their antagonistic attitude . 
  i never claimed it 's merely about trade . 
  it 's an association agreement , not a trade agreement . 
  but a lot of people claim this agreement will allow ukraine to join the eu , which is absolutely false . 
  even after this agreement they still need to fulfill several demands which they clearly have n't fulfilled yet . 
  i do n't want ukraine as it is now in the eu , but maybe in 30 years when they 've reached the level required by the eu , i would welcome them . 
  this agreement should help ukraine to reach that level and as such i feel it 's beneficial for both us and ukraine . 
  if the eu would push for allowing ukraine to join without reaching the proper standards required , then i would protest . 
  right now i see no need . 
  this is sarcasm right ? 
  i honestly ca n't tell . 
  which should be applauded . 
  ukraine wants to join the eu . 
  good , but they will never be allowed to join as they are now . 
  if ukraine is able to improve their country to the point that they 're allowed to join the eu , it can only be a benefit . 
  this treaty is n't about eu accession though . 
  it 's about an association agreement . 
  we 've had one with turkey since 1964 , yet they have n't joined yet . 
  in fact they 're further away than they 've ever been . 
  this agreement will not allow ukraine to simply join . 
  they still have to put in the work to make themselves compatible with the eu . 
  yes , the chances are increased . 
  but if you really think that ukraine will join the eu in the next 10 years without making massive changes , then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  ukraine as it is now will never join the eu . 
  this agreement is partly a way to make ukraine a better place . 
  * if * they are able to change their country for the better , only then will their accession be considered . 
  the chances of ukraine joining the eu as it is now are as low as turkey joining the eu as it is now . 
  close to nonexistent . 
  we 've had an association agreement with turkey since 1964 and they 're not in the eu yet . 
  the fear that ukraine will join the eu within the next 10 years is unrealistic at best . 
  they have some major issues to sort out . 
  yes , that was sarcasm . 
  well , maybe canada is in french waters !, 
  you guys do have an oppressed french minority , right ? 
  i know right . 
  that wikipedia entry surprised me as well . 
  alternative word for hovercraft is `` luchtkussenvoertuig '' , literally air cushion vehicle . 
  but that one is rarely , if ever used . 
  you need to get on [ zimbabwe 's level . 
  well , you * are * the expert on partitions . 
  there are plenty of people who deserve the death penalty , but you ca n't guarantee that everyone you execute is guilty . 
  that 's why i 'm against the death penalty . 
  not because i think no one deserves it , but because i think we ca n't guarantee we wo n't execute an innocent along the way . 
  does the pope shit in the woods ? 
  dibs on any guilders they find there !, 
  make saxony great again !, 
  criticizing a system is hardly the same as proclaiming ourselves the best country in the world right ? 
  there are many flaws in our policies and a lot of people acknowledge that . 
  ha , have you ever been to the netherlands ? 
  if you had to believe the average dutchman you 'd say we live in a third world country . 
  complaining about everything and nothing is a national sport . 
  like what ? 
  if you were to proclaim the netherlands is a bastion of democracy and is preserving freedom around the world you 'd be laughed away where i 'm from . 
  what sort of lopsided heresy is this ? 
  most european countries also do n't claim to be a bastion of democracy that preserves freedom around the world . 
  in fact , most europeans are very much aware of the colonial past of their nations . 
  we 'll just say that 's the switzerlake and paint it blue on the map . 
   our union transcends your very understanding . 
  we are each a nation - independent , free of all weakness . 
  you can not grasp the nature of our existence . 
  i 'd say european union works just fine . 
  i 'm partial to holy ~ ~ roman ~ ~ european empire myself .
