  are you seriously implying those tanks are n't warmed up 24/7 ? 
  what are you using that massive budget for ? 
  gold-plated rims ? 
  on second thought , do n't answer that question . 
  i 'm not sure i wan na know . 
  if the endorsement will swing votes , then surely obama 's statement does have some weight to it , right ? 
  keep your shitshow of an election out of europe please . 
  well , that depends on whether you 're talking about the kingdom or the country within the kingdom . 
  they 're very entertaining if you ignore the consequences of their actions . 
  `` we do n't want those refugees here !, 
  they should be helped in their own region ! '', 
  * proceeds to make deal with turkey * `` turkey is a corrupt hellhole !, 
  why are you making deals with those tyrants ! '', 
  he literally , word for word , asked the crowd whether they wanted more or less moroccans in this city ( the hague ) and in the netherlands . 
  there is nothing ambiguous about it . 
  in the same speech he talks about remigration of moroccans and deporting moroccan criminals while taking away their dutch citizenship . 
  he is literally talking about sending people back to morocco . 
  you would do well to take your own advice and not try to seek your own interpretation . 
  not even wilders disagrees that it was about deportation . 
  he even preempts his statement by saying that he is n't allowed to say it . 
  what the court is going to decide is whether his statements are hate speech or not . 
  and for all those other tangents you 're going on about . 
  i think they should be prosecuted as well if there 's substantial evidence . 
  however wilders is being prosecuted because people filed a complaint . 
  if you feel those other statements were hate speech as well , maybe you should file a complaint as well . 
   also , communism is a terrible idea , because it 's hands down the most murderous political ideology in the history of the world . 
  it 's founded on the crazy writings of an unemployed drunk , and i 'm frankly shocked that you would support such idealism . 
  i do n't have a clue what you 're going on about here , unless you believe everyone who is against wilders must be a communist . 
  i never even mentioned communism , nor am i one . 
  i do n't even see how communism is relevant to anything i said . 
  dude . 
  he literally asked the crowd whether they wanted more or less moroccans . 
  when they answered less he promised to get it done . 
  how is that not calling for reducing the number of moroccans ? 
  in what way am i the one who is reading some hidden motive in this ? 
  if you immediately restrict any immigration from morocco , there would still be the same number of moroccans in the netherlands . 
  so either he completely misrepresented his own point , which he can explain to the court , or he did actually call for the deportation of moroccans living in the netherlands . 
  i do n't really care for the result of this prosecution , but i have no doubt that there 's enough reason to at least look into it . 
  i 'd love to hear how you would reduce the number of moroccans in the netherlands without deporting them . 
  because out of all the ways he could do it deportation is probably the nicest one . 
  i can think of plenty of worse meanings to his words , but even though i dislike wilders , i do n't think he 's advocating things like that . 
   i mean isnt that what is happening ? 
  just because your electorate supports hate speech , does n't mean hate speech is suddenly legal . 
  you ca n't get away with a crime just because a few people support you . 
   also if the state knows prosecuting him is so good for his cause why do it at election time ? 
  this case has been ongoing for two years now . 
  he made those comments in 2014 . 
  besides , the prosecutors are n't supposed to only practice justice when it 's politically expedient . 
  they do n't care whether this furthers his cause or not as that would violate the separation of powers . 
  the prosecutors saw a case of discrimination and decided to prosecute it . 
  for all we know the court decides that his comments were entirely legal . 
  he asked the crowd whether they wanted more or less moroccans . 
  they shouted less . 
  he said he would get it done . 
  most moroccans came here a long time ago and are dutch citizens at this point . 
  getting rid of them requires some serious violations of both dutch and international law . 
  if he had asked whether they wanted more or less immigration this would n't have been a problem . 
  but he singled out a single ethnic group that has been in the netherlands for decades and are mostly dutch citizens . 
  whether it was legal or not , i think there 's enough ground for prosecution , so the courts can decide on that question . 
  wilders is already elected and he is n't being prosecuted for his anti-immigration stance . 
  he 's being prosecuted for wanting to reduce the number of moroccans living here , most of whom are dutch citizens at this point . 
  removing them would require deporting dutch citizens , so it has nothing to do with immigration . 
  they 're the fifth largest party at the moment . 
  how well they 're going to do in the next election remains to be seen . 
  the pvv would n't have stopped any of those moroccans from coming here anyway because they 're second or third generation immigrants at this point . 
  i do n't dispute that anti-immigration sentiment is high at the moment , but we had over 50 years to vote in an anti-immigration party and so far that has n't happened yet . 
  the closest we 've had was rutte i which failed spectacularly because the pvv pulled out . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone . 
  i 'm just saying that if we really thought immigration was such a bad idea , why have n't we voted in a party that does something about it ? 
  you ca n't blame politicians for doing what they said they were going to do and you ca n't blame immigrants for making use of immigration laws to move here . 
  i think immigration could 've been handled better , but overall i think the netherlands has done a decent job and closing the borders would be a much bigger disaster . 
  how is that relevant to what we were talking about ? 
  would n't both empires have different succession laws ? 
  you 'll easily win the election in dihistan , but you risk persia going to someone else , thus splitting up your empire . 
  ireland voted twice because the treaty was changed to address the concerns of the irish people . 
  they did n't just keep having referendums until the treaty was accepted . 
  they literally listened to the will of the people and somehow that 's supposed to be something anti-democratic . 
   eu proposes to abolish november and december !, 
    britain vetos , citing a slippery slope . 
  `` what 's next ? 
  10 inch in a foot ? '', 
  and as we all know , polandball is a bastion of factual accuracy on the internet . 
  if we did n't want immigration , we should n't have elected parties that allow immigration . 
  that 's how a representative democracy works . 
  referenda are n't the only tool to democratically decide a nations course . 
  this prosecution is precisely to assess whether he has gone over the edge or not . 
  it 's just as likely that the court will say his comments were perfectly legal . 
  personally i think calling for the reduction of a certain ethnic group should n't be legal , but i 'm not a lawyer so i 'll let the courts decide . 
  yes , but spain has said they would oppose unilateral secession . 
  i can imagine a few other countries would also be unhappy with that . 
  if the uk and scotland bilaterally decide to separate there is n't a problem . 
  would unilateral secession really be on the table though ? 
  not only would it be extremely messy , it would also obstruct any attempt to rejoin the eu . 
  considering that is a large reason for a second referendum , it seems counterproductive to unilaterally secede . 
  i 'd wish we could just boycot the qatar world cup , but that 's never going to happen . 
  even if it did , just the netherlands pulling out would n't send a strong enough message . 
  it 's a common joke that the germans stole our bikes when they fled the country in 1945 . 
  thank you . 
  that matters a great deal , especially in rough times like these . 
  that 's a bunch of nonsense .
