  some bacteria may actually spice it up a bit . 
  we have n't all died of food poisoning or anything yet so it ca n't be that bad :d, 
  incidentally this is also how we make soup . 
  they sure know how to keep in touch with the little man . 
  only god knows . 
  why ? 
  is it like a dutch oven thing ? 
  i know we 're great , but we 're definitely not flemish . 
  at least we do n't get the different culture group modifier when annexing german provinces !, 
  those sweet high base tax provinces . 
  and the other option is being in a culture group with just the flemish ... 
  i had to look up what a sleurhut is , but that is a perfect name for them !, 
  i hate them as well , so it 's my hope that with the flemish back in the fold we can combat this pest . 
  but was it really worth it though ? 
  you 're stuck with the frenchies now . 
  think of all the high quality roads you could have if you came back . 
  my god !, 
  i knew the roads were abysmal , but even the biking lanes ?!, 
  maybe it 's a good thing they separated . 
  they 're just too different from us . 
  is this what hell looks like ? 
  that 's his point . 
  they did n't have a backward religion , or at least one compatible with western europe . 
  i 'm trying to be nice about it . 
  so they can use the posters twice ? 
  sounds like a great recycling initiative from bulgaria !, 
  if you had n't told me these were for the mayoral elections i would 've thought half of these are wanted posters . 
  i believe his sword is from skyrim . 
  in fact i think [ this ] ( http://orig01.deviantart.net/4b35/f/2011/221/8/c/skyrim_steel_sword_replica_rel_by_ltd4ve-d460a1b.png ) is the exact image used . 
  it 's the first result when googling skyrim sword and the sixth when googling steel sword . 
  edit : and [ this ] ( http://www.wallpaperup.com/uploads/wallpapers/2014/09/03/434624/big_thumb_788b4f54cf2c8485ce49475cd32aff40.jpg ) seems to be the octopus that is used . 
  i like how they censor the word `` piss up '' in the article whilst showing the tweet they quoted it from uncensored ... 
  i do n't think it 's very common . 
  if you learn to speak without a dutch accent it 's easier to go with an american accent as a british accent can sound fake quite quickly if you 're not british yourself . 
  [ timmermans speech after the mh17 crash ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcgcbhnckyi ) is quite a good example of a dutch person speaking with an english accent . 
  cue frisians losing their shit because their red water lilies were mistaken for hearts . 
  ^ ^ ^ make ^ ^ ^ em ^ ^ ^ green , ^ ^ ^ ya ^ ^ ^ dinguses !, 
  grotestraat ( large street ) also seems very common in towns and villages . 
  no , only in january . 
  i could n't resist . 
  well , he 's belgian . 
  having trouble with basic actions like eating is n't out of the realm of possibilities . 
  surely that 's a rhetorical question ? 
  it 's always the eu 's fault . 
   belgium   somewhat important you must be high ... 
  well , why did n't you start with that one !, 
  just some good ol' traditional fun , right ? 
  nothing out of the ordinary . 
  russia is still wondering what the next few steps are , because these two are n't working . 
  `` the netherlands : it could 've been worse , just look to the south ! '', 
  this did n't work out for saudi arabia ... 
  sounds like false advertising to me . 
  not necessarily . 
  they are the vista to our xp . 
  they are objectively a newer version , but we all know the older version is superior . 
  as is tradition ... 
  it 's a waste of effort to change when most people already speak english . 
  in 20 years we would have a lot of young people that do n't speak english and a ton of older people that do n't speak spanish/german/french . 
  it would only further complicate the language problems in the eu . 
  besides , i did n't learn to speak english because the uk was in the eu . 
  i learned to speak english because it 's the most common language in the west . 
  i learned english because the biggest movies and games are in english . 
  i need english to understand what 's going on in the us , the worlds superpower . 
  i already had german and french lessons in school and i rarely use them in everyday life . 
  meanwhile i use english every single day . 
  removing english from schools just to spite the uk is terrible idea . 
  i thought we had agreed on ausfahrt ? 
  only partly . 
  because he was the leader of the biggest party , he was able to create a coalition . 
  therefore usually the leader of the biggest party also becomes chancellor . 
  however it is possible for another party than the biggest to create a coalition , which would mean the leader of the biggest party becomes opposition and the leader of the second biggest party becomes chancellor . 
  i 'm not an expert on nazi germany , but that 's how it works with the prime minister in the netherlands , only instead of being appointed by the president he is appointed by the king . 
  as far as i know it works similarly in germany , where the chancellor is appointed by the bundestag . 
  there 's never been an election specifically for chancellor or prime minister . 
  quick edit : we might have a situation like that in the netherlands when our elections are next year . 
  the pvv is set to become the biggest party according to the polls , but most other parties have said they wo n't be working with him . 
  if the pvv is unable to create a coalition , they will become opposition and the second biggest party ( most likely vvd , the current biggest party ) is allowed to create a coalition . 
  multiple parties allow coalitions which create compromise . 
  two parties allow polarisation and create tension because there can only ever be two positions in a debate . 
  not to mention that first past the post is quite lacking in terms of democracy . 
  completely ignoring the losing half of voters only breeds resentment . 
   also , did n't hitler got elected as chancellor under a multi-party system ? 
  multi-party is n't perfect either . 
  come on , man . 
  you know that 's a nonsense statement . 
  it is n't even accurate because hitler was * appointed * chancellor by president hindenburg . 
  people voted for the nsdap ( even though they never got an absolute majority ) , but not a single german cast a vote for hitler as chancellor . 
  fair point , i had n't look at it that way . 
  is n't the two party system ( like in the us ) mostly a consequence of their first past the post system ? 
  in any case , it 's definitely something we should try to avoid . 
  a potential country as diverse as the eu could n't possibly represented by merely two parties . 
  all eu regulations still apply to the uk . 
  businesses are preparing , but functionally brexit has n't happened yet . 
  we 'll only be able to see the full consequences of brexit once the uk has actually left and all those regulations are either lifted or replaced . 
  i 'm not a political expert , but i would prefer a party-based system instead of a president . 
  let the leader of the biggest party be president/prime minister . 
  a presidential election seems to be very personality based . 
  if you look at the us , you 're basically voting for clinton or trump , not democrats vs republicans . 
  i 'd rather it be based on party policy . 
  they 're called tourists .
