  i ca n't speak for other countries , but in the netherlands that risk is close to zero . 
  mate , that 's not going to happen . 
  if anything we 'll be the last ones standing because we keep raising the dykes . 
  we 'll be the solitary island in the european sea . 
  the netherlands sort of uses jus sanguinis . 
  if one of the parents is a dutch citizen at birth , then the child has dutch nationality . 
  however that does n't mean they 're ethnically dutch . 
  if an immigrant comes here and gets dutch citizenship before having a child , then the child is considered dutch , even though it 's technically a second generation immigrant . 
  so if you talk about native dutch they would be included , even though their parents might not speak dutch and thus they probably have a harder time speaking dutch . 
  i think that a considerable number of the native dutch mentioned in this report is part of that group . 
  if it 's not then i think that would be very alarming and worthy of investigation . 
  while most dutchmen are proficient in english , i do n't think it can be used as a replacement . 
  only speaking english has a higher chance of being isolated . 
  i 've noticed with foreign exchange students that most dutchmen will gladly speak english with them , but as soon as the conversation is no longer about the foreigner they will switch to dutch . 
  i noticed the same when i was in finland for exchange . 
  getting to know people is extremely hard when you do n't speak the native language . 
  it would be great to see the americans faces when they find out that their average high school experience is more brutal than a norwegian prison . 
  we did that before ww2 . 
  then the nazi 's got their hands on the very detailed registers and were able to pick out all the `` undesirables '' with great ease . 
  after ww2 we abolished the racial and religious census . 
  to be fair , what is considered native dutch ? 
  ethnically dutch would be surprising to have such a high number , but if you include second or third generation immigrants ( which i would , they were born here ) , then it 's less surprising . 
  it 's not uncommon that dutch is n't spoken at home , combined with the fact that cultures generally converge into specific neighbourhoods , that means most of these third generation immigrants rarely speak dutch . 
  if you speak turkish or moroccan with your family and friends and only use dutch at school or work , it 's not very surprising that your dutch suffers under it . 
  there 's plenty examples of third generation immigrants , who have lived here their entire lives , that still have a poor grasp on the language . 
  they 're understandable and you can have a decent conversation with them , but their grammar and vocabulary is still very limited . 
  that 's not necessarily true . 
  if your parents come from a foreign background , chances are they speak their own language at home . 
  combined with similar cultures generally living together , it 's not that outrageous to say there are plenty third generation immigrants who have lived all their lives in the netherlands , who are dutch citizens and thus native dutch , who still having a poor grasp on the dutch language . 
  if you speak dutch only at school and another language at home and with your friends , it 's likely that the other language takes precedence over dutch . 
  there 's plenty of examples of children of immigrants who not only have accent ( which is n't a problem ) but also have terrible grammar and vocabulary in dutch . 
  most of them are still perfectly understandable , but it 's far from fluent dutch , despite having lived here their entire lives . 
  confusing `` die '' en `` dat '' is a very common one , but is goes further than that . 
  this is working in our advantage because less people being able to buy a ticket means less people crowding our trains !, 
  there 's plenty of competition . 
  it 's called pirating and it 's completely free without all the hassle . 
  not saying it 's the right thing , but that 's what they 're competing with . 
  oh , i agree . 
  the different cultures surely did n't help . 
  i think it 's because the netherland did n't really lose anything . 
  before the kingdom was established we did n't ever own belgium . 
  in fact , the current kingdom is still bigger than the dutch republic ever was ( excluding colonies of course ) . 
  belgium was basically tacked onto the kingdom because it was part of the lowlands . 
  for belgium on the other hand , it was the first time you were ever independent . 
  belgium had always been under control by some foreign power , whether spanish , austrian , french or dutch . 
  you had to make your own destiny . 
  i 'm no expert , but i feel tensions between flemish and walloons would be much lower when you 're both ruled by a foreign power . 
  true and i 'm grateful for our friendship and cooperation with the belgians . 
  but the benelux is still far from a unified country , nor do i think it 's a goal . 
  a good ol' purge always does the job !, 
  i need to play less paradox games . 
  they 're having an effect on me ... 
  in hindsight it may have even worked in our favour , because if belgium stayed a part of the netherlands we would have been invaded by germany during wwi as well . 
  belgium also was n't ever really a part of the unified netherlands . 
  they were only added after napoleon 's conquest . 
  before that it was just the dutch republic , with belgian lands under foreign control . 
  i would 've liked a unified dutch state , but i do n't really blame the belgians for leaving . 
  i do n't know . 
  i did n't even know crimea wanted to leave until they got annexed . 
  it 's still something that would have to be decided between ukraine and crimea . 
  if they did n't figure it out and it was going to get violent , it should 've been brought to the un . 
  it was not russia 's call to make . 
  i do n't disagree with that last part . 
  i just disagree with the way russia forcefully annexed crimea . 
  if the crimeans actually wanted to join russia it would still be a ukrainian matter . 
  russia should only have gotten involved when an agreement between the ukrainian and crimean governments was made . 
  and with involvement i mean voicing their opinion about the crimean independence , not military engagement . 
  we wo n't ever know because russia invaded a sovereign country and the osce and un refused to cooperate and legitimize such a hostile action . 
  crimean independence would be a ukrainian matter just like catalan independence is an internal spanish matter and scottish independence is an internal uk matter . 
  the disintegration of yugoslavia was much more complex than just separatism . 
  even so , mistakes of the past do not justify actions in the present . 
  you do n't set up an independence referendum in two weeks under military occupation . 
  the scottish referendum is an example of a proper referendum . 
  a mutual agreement followed by a public debate that lasted several months . 
   do you have any argument to back that statement or do we just accept your word on it ? 
  it 's my opinion , so do with it as you will . 
  if you honestly think what russia did is the proper way to handle these issues , you 're free to do so . 
  i just strongly disagree with that on a fundamental level . 
  we wo n't ever know because of russia 's sham referendum . 
  it 's very possible that most crimeans would 've wanted to join russia , however that would 've been an internal ukrainian matter . 
  my parents were killed by spoons !, 
  stop being so insensitive !, 
  at the time it was n't certain what happened . 
  now it turns out that while the plane was deliberately shot down , it was still an accident because they expected that it was a military plane . 
  the perpetrators should still be brought to justice , but they probably did n't intend to shoot down a civilian airliner . 
  from the moment the second tower was hit it was clear that 9/11 was not an accident . 
  so dull she turned into a spoon . 
  i actually noticed that when i had to google z\u0142oty because my keyboard ca n't make the \u0142 :p, 
  the gay turtles should prosecute him . 
  poland has no money , only z\u0142oty . 
  that did n't stop them from participating in eurovision !, 
  why should the eu be any different ? 
  to be fair , '' - xit '' always has to do with an eu member state leaving the union , while '' - gate '' just means scandal . 
  i 've always enjoyed the term `` ausfahrt '' for a potential austrian exit . 
   they made you eat a licorice ? 
  if we did , can you blame him ? 
  it was also rarely used in germany , yet that did n't stop the b\u00f6hmermann case from happening . 
  if it 's not an active policy , why not abolish it ? 
  there are already laws against slander . 
  you do n't need a separate one for a head of state , foreign or not .
