  we must reconquer the land that the vile sea unjustly took from us . 
  one day , the noordzeepolder will be a reality . 
  oh my god !, 
  turns out we were the immigrants all along !, 
  so the top post is about some greek mosaic and the second top post is about a meeting between two non-turkish leaders . 
  turkey is really getting the short end of the stick here ... 
  i do n't know , i heard their national railway company are a bunch of nazi 's . 
  geez , i try to keep my belgium bashing lighthearted . 
  that 's just over the top . 
   i do n't recall citizens in the eu or us being given a vote well , obviously . 
  that 's why it was an advice . 
  just because only brits could vote on it does n't mean it was an internal issue . 
  you 're talking about leaving a supranational organization , of course the stakes are higher . 
  especially the eu had a right to comment on it , as it was about their future too . 
  general elections are an internal issue , while brexit most definitely was not . 
  the us 's role in a post-brexit britain was even part of the discussion , so i do n't think it 's that outlandish for the us to actually clarify its position . 
  the brexit referendum was hardly your average election . 
  it was about a country leaving a supranational organization . 
  brexit was far from an internal issue like a general election would be . 
  especially because one of the talkings points was the possibility of a trade deal with the us . 
  why bother with a microwave ? 
  just arrange a meeting disguised as russian diplomats . 
   `` mr. president ? 
  russian diplomat anzhela merkelova is here to see you about some classified intel . '', 
  [ this ] ( https://www.fietsersbond.nl/ons-werk/verkeersgezondheid/fietshelmen/ ) is the article from the dutch bicycle association . 
  it 's not that in depth , but it cites a swedish research article about a mandatory helmet law . 
   according to my mother in law it was because obama told us we had to stay in so we voted out . 
  this actually seemed pretty prevalent from what i gathered at the time . 
  not necessarily that it was the only reason , but both sides did n't seem to appreciate the us 's perspective of the matter . 
  always found that odd . 
  you 'd think the opinion of a large trading partner and ally would at the very least be useful , even if you decide against it . 
  noordzeepolder when ? 
  the dutch bicycle association actually discourages a legal requirement to wear a helmet because it supposedly does n't reduce the number of head injuries , but it does reduce the number of people that ride their bike . 
   it 's from living ~ ~ above sea level ~ ~ in the mountains . 
  ftfy, 
  germany is actually a means for the netherlands to dominate europe without taking all the blame for it . 
  so the good news is , you 're not dutch . 
  the bad news is that the dutch are your secret overlords . 
  inb4 61 % of french people are on strike because they have nothing to complain about . 
  so you put the `` o '' in the part that 's pronounced as `` ee '' , and the `` e '' in the part that 's pronounced as `` o '' ? 
  y u do dis ? 
  you 'd think belgians would be pretty good drivers considering they have to avoid all the potholes constantly . 
  space-slovaks ? 
   eu leaders insist they are much more humble than you can possibly understand . 
  it 's possible to award one prize that 's undeserved . 
  awarding 47 undeserved prizes to a single newspaper is almost impossible . 
  at that point you can assume that at least most of them were deserved . 
  this implies the queen is n't an immortal lizardperson . 
  as a cold-blooded organism she 'll be fine in the sun , not to mention that she ca n't die anyway . 
  of course it helps france . 
  but real reforms help not * only * france . 
  let 's force labiaplasty on young girls . 
  make em look nice and pretty !, 
  if cameron had come up with some eu-wide reforms instead of more british exceptions then maybe he could have actually done something . 
  but britain did n't want reforms anyway , it wanted special status within the eu . 
  no wonder everyone else is n't enthusiastic about that . 
  all w\u00f6rk and no play , keeps the anschluss far away . 
  in germany , humor is serious business . 
  well , hitler was also dissatisfied with german politics at the time ... 
  much like our football team . 
  you think ? 
  eurovision is so bad that it 's good again . 
  you basically watch to see the trainwreck . 
  is that an offer ? 
  the eu replies : `` u wot , m8 ? '', 
  `` colour is so overrated ! '', 
  one year after britain has disappeared up its own ass : * slightly muffled : `` britain votes to leave its own ass . 
  how this will impact the uk-anus border remains to be seen . 
  well , you 're northern europe , so my statement is still valid . 
  one year after britain has been launched into space : * `` britain votes to leave dark space . 
  how this will impact the uk-uranus border remains to be seen . 
  i feel like this is the general feeling , at least in western europe . 
  i do n't know anyone that considers eurovision a serious contest . 
  * `` britain votes to leave earth . 
  preparations have been made to attach rockets to the cliffs of dover in an attempt to leave the earth 's atmosphere . 
  how this will impact the uk-ireland border remains to be seen . 
  not allowing children to work is obviously age discrimination !, 
  those are combination words !, 
  that does n't count !, 
  at least they throw in a vowel from time to time !, 
  the eu is the closest thing there 's ever been to a united europe . 
  as you say , all the others were n't trying to unite europe , they were trying to conquer it . 
  the eu on the other hand is based on mutual cooperation . 
  if you drain the swamp , all that you 're left with is the sludge on the bottom . 
   po ** lszcz ** yzna that 's five consonants in a row . 
  y u do dis , polan ? 
  he would look like he was wearing orange lipstick and ate some cheetos if he did . 
  this is why polan can not into space . 
  a federal eu is only possible through the approval of the member states . 
  i do n't see how else you would do it . 
  so then is it not up to the irish to determine whether they want to be part of a federal eu ? 
  how dare you !, 
  trump is a terrible shade of orange !, 
  [ tfw your national color is hijacked by a buffoon . 
  ] ( https://rossrightangle.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/willem-alexander.jpg ), 
  the definition of a mountain is everything above sea level . 
  j-l = mehrunes dagon confirmed . 
  nah , we just wanted to be a nice shade of orange . 
  did he fight for independence just for independence 's sake or did he fight against oppression ? 
  the eu is not a conquering warmonger that swallows up nations and oppresses them .
