  i 'd rather work to live than live to work . 
  if it 's economically feasible for people not to work then that 's something to strife for . 
  it 's probably too early for bi as it stands now , but fundamentally there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  the benefits of being a shit rectangle is that people forget all the terrible shit you did before becoming said shit rectangle :p, 
  man , those romans . 
  what a bummer . 
  even flooded our roads are more comfortable than yours . 
  at least the water wo n't leave me with a concussion from all the shaking . 
  true , but it makes it considerably harder to prove . 
  i could take someone 's money and still vote for someone else . 
  he would have to trust my word . 
  hmm , so it seems . 
  i was under the impression it was only legal if you could n't see who you voted for . 
  apparently i was wrong . 
  still , there 's plenty of reason to make it illegal . 
  other european countries , like belgium and germany , do forbid it . 
  the potential for abuse is considerable . 
  you 're asking why buying votes is illegal ? 
  i thought that would be obvious . 
  buying votes allows for the wealthy to just win any election through money . 
  the very wealthy would be able to rig elections to suit their own purpose . 
  there 's a considerable number of people that would vote however you want for $ 100 . 
  i 'm not !, 
  so nothing at all ... 
  it can be used as proof that you voted a certain way , which would be beneficial for someone who 's trying to buy your vote . 
  if you ca n't prove who you voted for , no one can buy your vote . 
   i have a friend who did n't report an incident that happened to her because she felt like nothing was going to come out of it . 
  even if he wo n't get convicted for that specific crime , the report still gets recorded . 
  next time he assaults someone the police can see that there have been previous complaints . 
  having multiple woman accuse him of sexual assault will make it much more likely that he gets punished in the end . 
  it will also allow for longer sentences as it shows that it was not a single incident . 
  you ca n't blame the police for not solving a crime they do n't know exists . 
   in my case , i told my friends and it went around the office as gossip but i still never reported . 
  and that was the right choice since i had no proof . 
  even if you have no proof you should still report it . 
  maybe there wo n't be a conviction , but if someone is assaulting women and no one reports it then he can just continue doing it . 
  previous reports of sexual assault will help future victims legitimize their own reports . 
  if some dude has multiple woman accusing him of sexual assault then something can be done about it . 
  if they all remain silent there is nothing to solve because no one knows there 's a problem . 
  mate do n't start a pissing contest on internment camps on a european subreddit . 
  you ca n't get higher level than the germans . 
  that 's why i always assume someone with a canadian flag on their backpack is an american ... 
  what 's that ? 
  this is reflected in their flag . 
  the white stands for their colour in winter . 
  the red stands for their colour in summer . 
  i like how we build a giant system of dams and dykes to combat the water and you guys just go : `` eh , just reinforce the pub window '' . 
  considering half of our country is below sea level , i would call that a fairly decent result . 
  without any of the water defenses that number would surely skyrocket . 
   we do like being rich you 're practically dutch already !, 
  now you guys need to learn to sit on your wealth like scrooge mcduck . 
  we 've build our own hills . 
  they 're called dykes and work pretty great . 
   the vaalserberg ( `` mount of vaals '' ) is a hill dammit wikipedia !, 
  stop crushing our dreams !, 
  no , it comes from belgium . 
  so go figure ... 
  according to this map britain gets ruled by the waves . 
  it 's not like that has ever backfired , right ? 
  how about southern netherlands ? 
  then they both have something to be angry about :d, 
  that 's because you have n't found the pope 's underground stash . 
  turns out this whole catholic church thing is just a front for europe 's biggest wine dealer . 
  i figured , but i wanted to clarify nonetheless . 
  i 've met foreigners who were baffled by the fact that i use religious expressions without actually being religious . 
  thank god and similar expressions have become so disconnected from religion that they 're just part of the common language . 
  i 've never believed in a god , but that does n't stop me from saying godzijdank ( thank god ) , godverdomme ( goddammit ) , etc. 
  everyone knows the ancient greeks were portuguese . 
  in what way is his name a title of nobility ? 
  it just means `` of the bells '' in dutch . 
  there 's thousands of people here with similar names . 
  considering his name , it might be our turn to anschluss austria this time . 
  i was n't planning to , but that has more to do with the orc raiding parties and mt. 
  doom . 
  my country is higher in the elo ratings , so i 'm going to assume it 's more accurate . 
  zeeuws-vlaanderen will always be dutch !, 
  not because we want it , but because we do n't want you to have it !, 
  same goes for limburg . 
  they 're both pretty great traditions :d unfortunately the germans decided to take it up a notch in ww2 and went north as well . 
  i know , i was just making a joke about belgium getting invaded ( as is tradition ) . 
  you ca n't have a world war without marching through belgium . 
  so only at that point did it become a world war . 
  you 're norwegian . 
  is n't that like your average thursday ? 
  flag goes down , flag goes up . 
  you ca n't explain that !, 
  considering the ottoman empire no longer exists , i 'm going to guess that number will be very low ... 
   fun  underage hookers \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  so did you ? 
  the unfortunate thing about euthanasia is that it never feels `` right '' . 
  in the end a person still dies and for most people that 's seen as a failure . 
  for this woman it was a solution though . 
  she lived through unimaginable pain that she was n't going to recover from . 
  for her death was the only cure . 
  i think it would be much more horrible to force her to live with so much pain just because we do n't want to send the `` wrong '' signal to other abused people . 
  you could even make the claim that this case sends a message to people that going to the doctor can be a solution . 
  euthanasia will only be considered as a last resort . 
  someone who might 've committed suicide because the doctors ca n't help them , might reconsider now and seek help because they know that euthanasia is still an option if everything else does n't work . 
   she also had physical difficulties and was almost entirely bedridden . 
  her psychiatrist said ` there was no prospect or hope for her .
