  we 're not chastising h&m for doing something that 's illegal ( because it 's not ) , we 're chastising them for doing something we view as immoral . 
  just because businesses exist to make money does n't mean we ca n't hold them to some moral standards . 
  the thing is that most people will probably agree on all those points . 
  very few people will be opposed to better building standards . 
  in the end reddit is a discussion platform , so if there 's no disagreement it wo n't get as much attention . 
  part of their job is to represent that nation , which is secular . 
  showing a religious affiliation obstructs that . 
  secondly , i do n't see why religions should get exceptions . 
  many workplaces have a dresscode which you need to adhere to . 
  whether you wear a head cover because your religion demands it or because you think it looks nice should n't matter . 
  nah , that 's what the tourists are for . 
  is scotland the legs in this analogy ? 
  well , it is n't a compromise until * everyone * is unhappy . 
  sp is a eurosceptic party that wants to reform the eu , so you can vote for them . 
  i was merely arguing against your statement that we have no democratic say in leaving the eu , which is absolutely false . 
  even if we did n't care about those `` filthy and poor eastern europeans '' , you 're still part of nato and not defending you would be a very slippery slope . 
  if we do n't defend the baltics , many countries would reconsider the power nato has and thus indirectly make us more vulnerable . 
  after the baltics , poland might be next and if we do n't react then , nato might as well not exist . 
  there may be a lot of western europeans who are not willing to defend the baltics , but i have no doubt nato * will * defend you , if only for the geopolitical consequences that * not * defending you brings . 
  there is a perfectly democratic way to leave the eu and that is to vote for parties that want to exit , like the pvv . 
  luckily most people do n't think that 's a good idea . 
  further north than denmark , which is the same argument estonia uses . 
  did n't work for them either :p, 
  while i understand the point you 're trying to make , i think wanting to destroy scotland and scottish culture would actually make you * not * a true scotsman . 
  well , you could say it 's as different as night and day ... 
  invoking godwin does n't automatically invalidate the comparison . 
  come up with some arguments why the comparison is invalid instead of just bringing up godwin . 
  hitlers rise to power is a historical lesson that we should n't just ignore . 
   those who can not remember the past are condemned to repeat it, 
  i 'm not worried about the baltic sea . 
  he brought up a naval invasion , so i explained why that would be extremely unlikely . 
  i 'm not worried about russia in general . 
  even putin knows picking a fight with nato is stupid . 
  discounting mad , they 're still vastly outnumbered . 
  jezza would ** never ** not mention the war . 
   russia could march its northern fleet right up to brussels to hit the heart of the eu they would first have to get it out of the baltic sea , which nato would n't allow in the event of war . 
  it does n't even matter though , because any war with russia would just end in us nuking each other . 
  a naval invasion is the least of my worries . 
   or isis could send suicide bombers to the doors of the dutch and belgian parliaments how exactly is my personal involvement going to change that ? 
  you do n't stop suicide bombers with manpower , it 's a matter of policy . 
  we have an army and i 'm fully in favour of fulfilling our nato obligations . 
  that does n't mean i personally need to fight , because the defences we already have are more than adequate . 
  that 's what the army is for . 
  of course not . 
  i 'm very much in favour of fulfilling our obligations to nato . 
  however , that does n't mean my personal involvement is necessary . 
  is that how you want to play it ? 
  let me just call in some favours from the germans . 
  do n't make us blockade antwerp again !, 
  we 'll do it !, 
  well , we 're not going to make beer , waffles and fries illegal once we annex them . 
  however they might make weed illegal once they annex us . 
  so clearly your best option is to support the fatherland :d, 
  yes , but i know that not everyone has that attitude . 
  that 's why i 'm able to have this opinion . 
  the moment no one wants to defend my country , which would mean that the army is at risk of disbanding , i would probably change my opinion . 
  however that 's just as unlikely as any sort of invasion actually happening . 
  that moment when the dutch counter-invasion fails because all our vehicles break down . 
  that 's what we get for selling all our tanks !, 
  of course , but you do n't need the entire nation to fight a war . 
  the forces nato have right now are more than adequate to defeat any realistic threats . 
  my contribution is n't necessary at all . 
  finland is also not part of nato and borders russia , who poses a realistic threat . 
  for many western european countries both of those are not true . 
  exactly . 
  who is going to invade the netherlands ? 
  we 're completely surrounded by nato . 
  if russia invades we 're already fucked because of the nukes or my contribution would n't be necessary because nato already has enough strength to defeat russia in a conventional war . 
  fighting for my country is completely irrelevant . 
  there 's also the fact that there 's nothing that can really threaten europe that much . 
  we 're in nato , so assuming that the entire alliance joins if war is declared , that 's still more than enough to defeat any realistic threat . 
  russia is probably our biggest threat and if they were to invade we 're either fucked anyway because of nukes or nato can already defeat them in a conventional war . 
  there 's no need for me to join the army in that case . 
  i would also answer * no * in this survey because there 's not a single realistic scenario where my contribution would actually be necessary . 
  now if nato did n't exist and there 's a realistic threat that the netherlands would be invaded , it would entirely depend on the enemy . 
  if we take russia again , i would probably flee because we 're not going to win anyway . 
  if belgium invades i would probably fight because that 's a much more even match . 
  we gave away limburg and conquered part of germany . 
  talk about a best case scenario !, 
  while brussels is significantly more french than dutch , the surrounding area is still flemish . 
  i 'd wager the number of polish speakers is insignificant to the number of dutch speakers surrounding brussels . 
  the fact that they cost much less than a normal candidate is also a merit . 
  that does n't mean they should hire unqualified people , but if the diplomat 's spouse is qualified and costs substantially less than another candidate , that makes them a much better candidate . 
  off to jail with you !, 
  why bother using your precious warscore on them when you know there 's an imminent independence revolt looming ? 
  western muslims should also consider that allahu akbar has a certain meaning in the west . 
  if they want to maintain their image as peaceful , maybe they should n't shout something that is widely considered a hateful message . 
  use it all you want in private or with family , but shouting it at a protest is just asking for trouble . 
  no one respects our ancient territorial claims :(, 
  never waste an opportunity to embarrass the belgians . 
  you can still feel the difference in road quality when you cross the border . 
  i do n't even need to see the sign . 
  for wasting valuable police resources , especially during such a large investigation as cologne . 
  i do n't know about germany , but in the netherlands a false report is punishable by law regardless of whether a person is actually charged or not . 
  she would have committed a crime and as such should be prosecuted . 
  otherwise a false report would become de facto legal . 
  just because someone ca n't prove they were raped does n't mean there 's proof they lied . 
  the police would still need to find conclusive proof that the rape * did n't * happen to charge the supposed victim . 
  furthermore , not charging someone for a crime just because it might scare actual victims away from reporting sets a dangerous precedent . 
  so it was you who stole our bikes !,
