  britain might also help for the same reason and they have the same problem with the falklands . 
  supporting the netherlands against venezuela would set a precedent that we would also support them if the falklands would ever be invaded again . 
  in this hypothetical situation , venezuela would be the aggressor though . 
  america would probably side with us or remain neutral , like they did with the falklands war . 
  i do n't know what other south american countries would do , but i somehow doubt they would compromise good relations with the eu just so venezuela can claim a few islands . 
  how about one at auschwitz saying `` camps work '' ? 
  this would be funny if it was n't so sad . 
  we probably would n't be able to project force so far from the mainland , nor do i think venezuela could actually invade the netherlands proper . 
  assuming no foreign intervention , the war would probably be end in a stalemate with the abc islands staying under venezuelan occupation . 
  i find it difficult to believe that no one would support us though , even if nato does n't protect colonies . 
  surely the eu would have something to say about it . 
  we also have close military cooperation with germany and the benelux . 
  i do n't think , or at least hope , that legal technicalities would prevent our allies from supporting us . 
  i 'm here to claim it as dutch because belgium should be rightfully ours . 
  belgium 's usually worse ( thanks wallonia ! ), 
  so that 's not really a contest . 
  it became a meme on / r/thenetherlands when someone posted a comedy bit about finland consistently ranking better than the netherlands . 
  this is now starting to bleed into / r/europe . 
  does n't matter , still better than finland . 
  dammit romania !, 
  ^ ^ still ^ ^ better ^ ^ than ^ ^ finland !, 
  new rule . 
  if your flag ca n't be found in a dutch flower field , you ca n't join the eu . 
  the one for italy can also double as an irish flag if you squint . 
  this is sound advice in general , even for those without autism . 
  i believe the elder speech in the witcher is based on celtic languages . 
  dutch invasion is still the best invasion . 
  we just rode in and said `` we king now , boys '' . 
  america . 
  filling earths lawsuit quota 's since 1776 . 
  a little corrective tap is quite different from actually spanking someone . 
  you would n't put a dog over your lap and actually smack his behind , would you ? 
  i think you 'll find it is the terrorists who are doing the fucking . 
  if you have enough time , you can also reach czechia by going south from austria . 
  of course there is a certain european country that * does * have a lot of experience with draining swamps ( and basically everything that has water in it ) . 
  ulm can never be allowed independence or their sheer power will destroy the world . 
  they did n't even get the dignity of having a black border . 
  how else are you going to avoid the potholes ? 
  obviously not considering we still exist . 
  no such proof exists . 
  it 's all fabricated by the japanese . 
  the moon . 
  that 's only because we ca n't drive there though . 
  the potholes are even worse than those on the belgian highways . 
  [ it 's a reference to a conversation between general mladic and dutchbat commander thom karremans . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wufghmtmzvg ) karremans says : `` i always used to say ; i 'm a piano player . 
  do n't shoot the piano player '' . 
  to which mladic replies : `` you 're a terrible piano player '' . 
  maybe he did n't even speak french so he did n't understand what you were saying at all . 
  that 's interesting because i live near the german border and we often have germans asking for directions . 
  without fault they always ask in german , probably because a lot of dutchmen speak german , but i would be less offended if they asked in english . 
  the arrogance of asking in german while being in the netherlands is a bit grating . 
  maybe it 's just because i do n't speak german . 
  it 's a very interesting debate because studies in english can make it easier to learn the jargon and figure out your own problems ( because the english knowledge base is larger than the dutch one ) , but in the end we still live in the netherlands and you should be able to live here without having to learn a second language . 
   learned a lot from the answers , thanks . 
  no problem . 
  it 's always a pleasure to talk about my country with foreigners . 
  the discussion is n't really about whether english should be taught . 
  everyone basically agrees that learning english is a good idea . 
  however more and more studies in college are being taught only in english instead of both dutch and english . 
  if you do n't speak english or are n't completely fluent in it , that might pose a problem . 
  the best jokes have a sliver of truth in them . 
  it 's a joke about the french being able to speak english but refusing to because they 're arrogant . 
  `` opens bag of popcorn '', 
  * yes , english is mandatory in both lower and middle school . 
  you 'll probably get around 6-8 years of english lessons . 
  once you go to college it depends on your study . 
  some require english lessons or are completely in english . 
  it 's actually a discussion right now whether that 's actually desirable . 
  * i believe english is also mandatory in most scandinavian countries . 
  however i think a lot of it comes from being a small and wealthy country . 
  if you 're german or french it 's not as necessary to speak english because there 's millions of other german or french speakers in the world . 
  if you 're dutch , most media you 'll consume will be english and dutch on the internet is n't as widespread . 
  if you want to keep up english is almost required . 
  i believe the same thing goes for most scandinavian countries . 
  * i presume you mean belgium here because there is no french speaking population in the netherlands . 
  in belgium the country is divided between wallonia and flanders . 
  wallonia is the french speaking part , but i believe french is also taught in flanders , even though their native language is dutch . 
  just because they can does n't mean they will . 
  is home schooling legal in belgium ? 
  most polls just before the vote were perfectly within the margin of error . 
  they gave the win to remain because undecideds usually vote for the status quo , but a 3 % difference is quite acceptable . 
  with trump they did n't seem to account for the electoral college ( which is stupid ) , but in the end clinton did win the popular vote by like 2 million votes . 
  as with most things , polls need to be interpreted carefully . 
  just because the polls said remain would win does n't mean they were flawed . 
  you always need to account for a margin of error . 
  if the polls had said remain would win with 60 % , then you can start talking about a systematic problem with polling . 
  no clue . 
  to be fair , i love shitting on france but i also love shitting on belgium , germany , britain , us , etc. 
  it 's just a bit of friendly banter . 
  not sure why some are taking it seriously . 
  he must be from that little german part . 
  no , but britain is leaving the eu , so someone has to pick up the slack . 
   it 'll be interesting to see trump flip-flopping or downright messing up foreign policy until he eventually ends up delegating most of it . 
  this is assuming trump is capable of admitting a mistake and fixing it . 
  i 'm more worried he 'll try to double down when he fucks up . 
  alternatively there 's no end to the lows france can reach . 
   critics point out that the road is in an ugly industrial zone and `` goes nowhere '' as it is circular i do n't think any people live there , but the placement is quite appropriate . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  you guys literally are a penis that can be seen from space .
