  it 's a defensive alliance and any attack on russia would be more costly than it 's worth . 
  russia does n't have the right to dictate it 's neighbours policies . 
  the baltics joined nato exactly because of these sort of situations and they were proven right the moment russia invaded ukraine . 
  nobody forced russia to do that . 
  nato exists to protect it 's members from russia , which is clearly necessary . 
  i 'm not even sure how to respond to that . 
  i guess as long as putin did n't push the button himself , he ca n't be blamed . 
  without russia those rebels would n't even exist and even if they did , they would n't have the required equipment . 
  not to mention they helped cover it up , making them accomplices at the very least . 
  thank you for assuming my position . 
  if ukraine had shot down the plane , i would want sanctions on them as well , assuming they did n't fully own up to it like russia is doing . 
  i do n't care about russia . 
  i would 've been perfectly content with having amicable relations with russia , but they brought war to our doorstep and killed an entire plane of innocent civilians while they were at it . 
  it was probably an accident , but it would n't have happened if they did n't invade ukraine and tried to cover it up . 
  those people 's deaths should be avenged , not forgotten because it 's politically inconvenient . 
  if russia had taken full responsibility for mh17 , i would support removing those sanctions . 
  i would still support the sanctions for illegally annexing crimea , but that 's another matter entirely . 
  i never got this argument . 
  yes , it was a terribly tragedy , but are we supposed to pretend it never happened ? 
  russia 's actions in ukraine led to the deaths of those people and it should not be ignored . 
  they deserve sanctions because of it . 
  there 's been plenty of pro-british news , but most brexit news basically boils down to `` we 're gon na do it !, 
  any day now ! '' . 
  there is no news , therefore it gets annoying hearing about the lack of progress . 
   your nation is filled with many different people of different religions and creeds , she represents this exactly !, 
  and the government is supposed to * not * represent any of them . 
  i 'm not asking her to be an atheist , as i would be just as opposed to someone wearing some obvious atheist symbols ( whatever that may be . 
  maybe a shirt that says `` god does n't exist ? '' ) . 
  i 'm asking her that during her job as a government employee she does n't show any bias towards a certain religion or lack thereof . 
  by wearing an obvious religious symbol like a headscarf or a cross , she shows that there is a certain bias and thus compromises the neutrality of the state . 
  but even ignoring that . 
  i 'm going to assume this town hall has a dresscode which forbids head covering , as that is pretty normal in most office settings . 
  allowing her to wear her headscarf because her religion demands it would show favouritism towards her religion . 
  i agree that it 's a very minor favour , but it 's a favour nonetheless and it compromises the neutrality of the state . 
  because the rules being followed is the status quo . 
  when you 're trying to convict someone you do n't ask whether he has any evidence that he did n't break the law , you provide your evidence that he in fact * did * break the law . 
  innocent until proven guilty . 
  you can prove that germany is being hypocritical by showing me articles of christians and jews being allowed to wear their religious symbols during government work . 
  you might as well be asking me to prove whether germany is enforcing their laws against murder . 
  until proven otherwise i 'm going to assume they are enforcing their own laws , because why have laws otherwise ? 
  if you ca n't provide evidence for your argument , maybe it 's just a weak argument . 
   you 're just acting out the ` holier than thou ' stereotype of how westerners act in front of those whom they deem to be less holy this sounds less than me having a `` holier than thou '' attitude and more like you having an inferiority complex . 
  i did n't even bring up the situation in russia , you did . 
  you started out with saying russia is hypocritical , i did n't . 
  i merely suggested that the situation in russia does n't necessarily extend to every single country on earth . 
  until i see evidence on the contrary , i 'm going to assume germany is not being hypocritical here . 
   you 're telling me that your laws are n't at all influenced by bigoted populism when we 're discussing hijab bans around europe ? 
  you 're already making a mistake by thinking the west is somehow a uniform society . 
  i fully agree that france 's burkini ban is moronic and explicitly targeted at muslims . 
  that does n't mean the application of secularism in government in germany is comparable . 
  secularism has existed for much longer than the recent immigration crisis and when it was instituted islam was n't even on anyone 's minds . 
  it was directed at keeping any religious influence out of government , mostly christian influence . 
  most christians and jews have just adapted by not wearing religious symbols in public jobs or just not working at the government . 
  the only thing i ask of muslims is that they do the same thing . 
   naaaah , france is the west , the west is morally superior to all other places , of course it can not be so !, 
  our shit does n't stink , aber naturlich !, 
  if you want a dick waving competition between the west and russia , i suggest you find some americans because i ca n't be bothered . 
  yeah , that 's not how burden of proof works . 
  * you * are asserting that the law is not enforced equally . 
  it 's on * you * to present evidence . 
  the fact that christian crosses are already not allowed in that particular town hall shows that it is n't a ban against only islam . 
  furthermore , just because the laws in russia are used hypocritically does n't mean this is automatically true for every single country . 
  germany is n't russia . 
  do you have any examples to support your point ? 
  because until now you 're just calling people hypocrites without any basis . 
  i expect them to follow the same the rules for any religion . 
  if they do n't i 'm perfectly willing to call them out for being hypocrites . 
  i just do n't see any evidence for it . 
   allowing the woman to wear her headscarf would have violated the neutrality in the town hall , she argued , adding that there are no crucifixes on the walls of the building presumably the same rules apply to christians and jews . 
  maybe the reason you do n't hear about it is because those groups are just more likely to remove their religious symbols when asked . 
  no , i 'm saying your failing at representing a secular entity by not dressing secular yourself . 
  you 're not supposed to show any bias towards any religion and by showing off religious symbolism you 're doing exactly that . 
  whether it 's wearing a cross or not approving a gay marriage , the only difference is in severity of the bias . 
  i do n't think you 're a bigot for wearing a cross , but i do think you 're not being secular . 
   i 'm talking about my personal attire and behavior you 're representing the state during your working time . 
  if you absolutely refuse to put the secularism of the state above your religious belief by not wearing religious symbolism , i do n't think you 'd be able to set aside those beliefs when your job requires you to . 
  removing a headscarf or covering up a necklace should be peanuts compared to approving a gay marriage or something similar . 
   but the fact is that religious people can be neutral , even if they wear hats it 's not about the hats . 
  it 's about the religious symbolism . 
  if they allow head covering in their workplace i would still be against a headscarf or kippah or whatever else any religion wears on their head . 
  women ca n't cover up the fact that they are women , nor is there a separation between state and gender ( whatever that would entail ) . 
  there is however a separation between state and religion , and the refusal to cover up religious symbolism shows a clear disrespect for that . 
  if they 're able to cover up those symbols then i 'm perfectly fine with a religious person holding a government job , as i trust that they can uphold secularism despite their possible disagreement . 
   the real discrimination here is done by the german mayor and those men who want to dictate what she wears yes , this poor woman is being oppressed by those evil men !, 
  but wait , the mayor is actually a woman and not a single man had a say in this !, 
  the mayor probably asked her to remove the headscarf and she refused to do so in the presence of men . 
  i truly do n't see how this is a man 's fault . 
   let 's leave it at disagreement , no big deal that 's fine , but may i suggest not calling people a fascist as your opening line ? 
  it really did n't warm me to your arguments . 
  no worries . 
  polite discussion is never wrong , even if we still disagree in the end . 
  i 'd think my flair would be clear enough :p i 'm from the netherlands . 
  apparently so . 
  i was unaware of that , but it does n't really change my point . 
  the only difference is that germany is n't truly secular . 
  in a secular state she should n't be able to wear religious symbolism and the government should n't collect church tax . 
  if germany does n't want to be secular that 's their sovereign right , but i would consider it a good move to aspire to being secular . 
  i would say that i completely disagree with the german court . 
  if that 's how they want to handle it then that 's their right , but i 'm still of the believe that garments can be a religious symbol . 
  she 's wearing the headscarf because of her religious beliefs .
