  you 're talking about a country with a population half the size of rotterdam . 
  obviously it wo n't be analogous to a country like the uk with a population of 65 million people . 
  iceland is an exception to the rule . 
  where do i sign up ? 
  actually this is a prime example of the porn filter working as intended . 
  it detected a possible boob grab and warped reality to block the action before it could be completed . 
  truly a marvel of british engineering . 
  go to your room , young man !, 
  generally embarrassing election . 
  stepbrother ?!, 
  we 're belgium 's parents together with france !, 
  you 're more like the abusive stepdad who has bettered his life !, 
  that 's because flanders is our rightful clay , but we 're still unsure whether we want wallonia as well . 
  which one would that be ? 
  so basically you do indirectly vote for a party , because you know that voting for the conservative candidate will strengthen the conservative party on the national level . 
  the switchers/expelled ones are mostly negligible . 
  and how often do they actually change parties ? 
  honest question , is this something that actually happens frequently or do people just stay in their party 90 % of the time ? 
  and even then my criticism still works . 
  just change the word party with candidate . 
  nothing really changes in my example . 
  i understand that , but fptp makes it so that people who do n't vote for the winning party in their constituency are completely ignored , whereas in a proportional system they would n't be ignored . 
  even a second round like the french presidential system would give people more of a voice than just fptp . 
  this can even lead to problems on the constituency level . 
  say you have three parties ( a , b and c ) . 
  a and b are right wing parties , while c is a left wing party . 
  * a gets 35 % of the vote * b gets 25 % of the vote * c gets 40 % of the vote in this scenario c would win , meaning the constituency gets a left wing representative , even though the majority voted right . 
  if you include a second round where a and c compete against eachother , a would likely win because the b-voters would vote for a right wing party over a left wing party . 
  now the constituency gets a right wing representative , which is much closer to the actual opinion of the constituency . 
  so yes , while fptp is a democratic system , it 's inherently flawed because it ignores large sections of voters by not giving them a voice in the election . 
  any system where you could theoretically get a 100 % of seats while only getting a minority of votes is , in my humble opinion , a terrible system . 
  because it 's perfectly possible to become the biggest party without getting a majority of the votes . 
  the number of votes cast do n't represent the number of seats given . 
  last election the conservatives got 36,8 % of the vote , but 50,8 % of the seats . 
  the most egregious example was ukip getting 12,7 % of the votes , but only a single seat . 
  if you vote for a party that does n't win your constituency then your vote was basically worth nothing , whereas in a proportional system everyones votes are worth the same . 
  how is this different from your average day in amsterdam ? 
  i do n't know . 
  most people are just calling him incompetent . 
  what other countries ? 
  the number of nations not part of the un could probably be counted on one hand . 
  someone at the royal mint was very annoyed on the 23th of june that their eu-integration scheme was foiled by the masses . 
  well shit , how am i going to pay those hookers now ? 
  i think what makes afsluitdijk particularly difficult for non-dutch is that it has both ui and ij , which are pronounced like a single vowel , but they do n't know that . 
  if you were to write it afslutdyk it would already look more pronouncable . 
  `` go bother england or something ! '', 
  as opposed to anschlussreich . 
   politically , the raid was disastrous for king charles ' war plans and led to a quick end to the war and a favourable peace for the dutch . 
  it was one of the worst defeats in the royal navy 's history , and one of the worst suffered by the british military . 
  horace george franks called it the `` most serious defeat it has ever had in its home waters . '', 
  ah , those were the days . 
  while that was certainly the best outcome , in terms of fulfilling his job description , he was a pretty terrible terrorist . 
  finland confirmed as worst nordic country . 
  you wan na buy some dikes ? 
  nah , i 'm using reddit for free , so i 'm just leeching bandwidth from an american website . 
  maybe they 're just sad we 're no longer executing dutch people . 
  well , if we 're going to shoot things first , then why are we waiting on heart attacks ? 
  is n't that what the second amendment people are for ? 
  also known as a standard american breakfast , right ? 
  it 's an ambitious goal , but it 's worth a shot !, 
  how many heart attacks do we need until you guys decide to just call a new election ? 
  does n't denmark have an exception to eurozone membership ? 
  would they need to ratify it if it does n't apply to them ? 
  peace through force !, 
  the us is [ 112th ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) in murders per capita . 
  they have a high rate compared to other western countries , but in the grand scheme of things it not that much . 
  you are however correct that they have the [ 2nd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_incarceration_rate ) most prisoners per capita , after the seychelles . 
  i thought the literal definition of fascism was being an / r/europe mod ? 
  we do n't ? 
  or all women are lesbians . 
  it 's the sexy kind of gay though , so it 's all fine . 
  well , i 'm assuming norway has laws against sexism which this would be in violation of . 
  i would consider that quite a big downside , especially since allowing women into the military in the first place was a step towards equality , not because of necessity . 
  if this is not the case , feel free to correct me . 
  that 's all fine , but why do n't they also lower the requirements for men then ? 
  is a man who fulfills the above requirements not capable , even though a woman apparently is ? 
  i understand the physical limitations and that most women would n't we able to fulfill the men 's requirements , but why not lower both requirements instead of only lowering the womens requirements ? 
  glory to willy and glory to the netherlands !, 
  but that 's why we ally most of central europe so they wo n't get any ae !, 
  on another note , maybe we could take advantage of the new 1/1/1 leader the us has to retake new amsterdam . 
  another option would be to goad venezuela into declaring war for their claims on the abc islands . 
  it will call in all our allies and then we can take land in south america . 
   every two human beings are perfectly equal and interchangeable in every way i 'm not pretending that in the slightest . 
  but it 's a fact that * some * women are stronger than * some * men . 
  and if those women are capable of fulfilling the same requirements as men , then there 's no reason to not let them join the military . 
  this probably not true for most women , but why disqualify 50 % of the population just because most of them wo n't be capable ? 
  why send away a perfectly capable woman , just because of her gender ? 
  we do n't accept all men just because they are men , so why not the other way around ? 
  is it worth wasting a diplo slot for 50 years just so we can pu luxembourg though ? 
  we may just be better of annexing them outright and eating the ae . 
  we also still have a * restore pu cb * on the uk , so it might be better to use our diplo slot for that . 
  it 's not men being defended by women . 
  it 's people being defended by people . 
  some men are n't capable of fighting in combat roles and some women are . 
  why waste that potential , just because you 're insecure about being defended by a woman . 
  and even then it does n't matter . 
  if the woman is capable of fighting in a combat role , let her . 
  reproduction is n't a woman 's only purpose and we should n't shelter them just because they 're somehow `` more valuable '' . 
  the woman is perfectly capable of deciding that for herself . 
  the reason for the army is to defend the country , including * all * men , women and children .
