  you can imagine hitler having a good ol' chuckle over that one though . 
  so sweden is the belgium of scandinavia ? 
  if we annex them the beer and fries do n't suddenly go away . 
  in fact , production will grow tenfold as we force the belgians to slave away in the beer and fries mines . 
  excuse me ? 
  we 're one of the * best * tax havens , thank you very much . 
  the entire country of sweden , with a population of around 10m , had only 87 murders in 2014 . 
  it 's fine to talk about the problems sweden is having , but this constant portrayal of sweden as some violent hellhole by american media and politics is disgraceful , especially in comparison to the us itself . 
  the narrative is : `` we do n't want to turn into sweden '' , while completely ignoring that in many cases the us is already much worse . 
  talk about the problems in sweden and talk about the problems in the us , but do n't go around claiming sweden is worse than the us , because that 's just a complete lie . 
  nonsense !, 
  the us has the best ghettos !, 
  they 're tremendous , it 's true !, 
  everyone elses ghettos are total disasters !, 
  i wonder how that happened ... 
   he did not like pizza i thought this was regarded as treason in italy ? 
  it 's our sovereign right to destroy our economy !, 
  it is n't often that someone saves you from a genocidal foreign power , so when it happens you can only be exceedingly generous . 
  they are tremendous , it 's true !, 
  only off by like a trillion dollar , give or take . 
  :p i think it 's correct if you only count sub-saharan africa , but if that 's what they meant they should have specified . 
   ( waiting for the reserve belgians joke ) why bother when you 're already doing it yourself . 
  we like to give the impression that we 're an enlightened people , but in the end we 're still just humans . 
  and that means we 're flawed like everyone else . 
  very interesting . 
  is it because upper-class indonesians would 've been more in contact with dutch colonials ? 
  we call it sinaasappel though . 
  i believe the belgians use appelsien . 
  did you not have words for aunt and uncle before that ? 
  or are they just synonyms ? 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  i was n't familiar with the term `` political islam '' . 
  i guess being on reddit a lot made me more familiar with the english term for it . 
  so would islamism be what we call it nowadays ? 
  i do n't believe it was a popular term at the time she left , but it seems to be the same thing . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm personally in favor of their diversity policy as long as they do n't hire obviously incompetent people just to match a quota . 
  this does n't seem to be the case though . 
  what does political islam mean ? 
  [ here ] ( https://www.politie.nl/themas/diversiteit.html ) it is in the police 's own words . 
  it comes down to wanting to have a diverse police force so they can have a better connection with the population . 
  poland has n't gone anywhere . 
  it was a joke by a dutch comedian , which became somewhat of a meme on / r/thenetherlands . 
  lately we 've been exporting this meme to / r/europe and it seems a lot of finns find it funny to . 
  did n't the mongols kill so many people that they lowered the co2 output of the world ? 
  does n't count , you 're a russian colony now . 
  but metric is officially adopted by the uk ... 
  the french could just march right in !, 
  does n't even need a tank . 
  just ask where all the old buildings are . 
  hey , if blond-haired authoritarians is your kink , i wo n't judge . 
  just do n't vote for them , that 's all . 
  the jury 's still out on brexit , but trump has n't been a shining example of competence so far . 
  both of them can be a blessing in disguise by uniting europeans and moving us forward . 
  skyrim belongs to the nords !, 
  this is why freedom was a mistake !, 
  you sure you 're american ? 
  and my axe !, 
  there are some horrors not even poland can ignore . 
   putting pineapples on pizza this is why rome fell in the first place . 
  i 'm sorry , but there 's no way around it . 
  the euthanasia squad is on its way . 
  but how can we know whether you 're referring to the colour or the fruit when you say orange ? 
  they hate us cus they anus . 
  there 's no need , they 're all dead now anyway . 
   europeanised english i felt a great disturbance in the uk , as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly triggered . 
  that sounds very unusual . 
  i do n't live in amsterdam , so i ca n't speak for them , but usually germans are seen as our friends . 
  of course we rag on them with the occasional nazi joke ( okay , maybe more than occasional ) , but that 's just meant in jest . 
  in general germany is probably our closest ally in the world apart from belgium . 
  it 's like being brothers . 
  we make fun of them and give em a hard time , but deep down we still love em . 
  at least that 's how i feel about it . 
  i have this feeling a dyke made from cheese sandwiches wo n't hold up to the sea . 
  call it my dutch intuition . 
  what use is a cheese sandwich when i 'm 3 meters underwater ? 
  you see a demonstration promoting love and friendship and all you can say is `` pathetic '' and belittle the participants ? 
  i for one appreciate the sentiment and hope we 'll get more of these . 
  i agree with you completely . 
  the eu has done so much good for europe and i fear that we 're taking its benefits for granted . 
  a collapse would be a complete disaster in my opinion . 
  and as you say , it 's been a net positive , but what i love the most about the eu is bond it has created between our nations . 
  i understand not everyone feels the same , but there 's a certain something that binds us europeans together and we should take full advantage of it . 
  we are stronger together , both on the inside and outside . 
  do n't let your dreams be dreams , buddy . 
  now is a crucial time though . 
  with brexit and trump the eu is in more danger than ever before . 
  we can turn both of them into something positive if we want , but we need to work at it . 
  i do n't think it 's very weird that our foreign friends worry that we will continue that anti-eu trend . 
  not of wilders though ... 
  i 'd say a couple of thousand people coming out just to say they love us is very nice gesture . 
  i certainly appreciate it . 
  hey now , we seceded from the spanish , not the germans . 
  and you know what happened to them . 
  they 're all dead now . 
  first the bikes , then the beaches , now the windmills . 
  what 's next ? 
  you 're going to steal our dykes as well ? 
  please do n't , we need those to live . 
  you do n't ?
