  i never knew bonjour was only for greetings . 
  source : i do n't speak french . 
  they already have german , french and italian as major languages so it could be that english is put on the back burner because it 's less useful in daily life . 
  i 'm just pulling that out of my arse though . 
  ofcourse . 
  an ideology is a set of ideas and beliefs , so religions like islam an catholicism are also ideologies . 
  they just include the belief in a god . 
  seeing as you can criticise ideas and beliefs , you can also criticize religions . 
  they do n't have a special status just because they believe in a god . 
  of course , but you can also look at the ideology . 
  nazism has some very nasty aspects , so we should feel free to criticise those . 
  same goes for catholicism . 
  it 's just as easy to say that it 's only the individuals fault as it is to say it 's just the ideology . 
  they can both be at fault . 
  why can you not blame an ideology ? 
  are they all equal ? 
  are the ideologies which promote violence equal to the ones which promote peace ? 
  you can most definitely blame an ideology . 
  it 's our revenge for calling us holland . 
  he was never part of a ruling coalition . 
  i 'll just complain about all this money just lying around . 
  i hear tourists taste great with some gouda . 
  cheesus was the first swiss cheese !, 
  so what you 're saying is that the syrian civil war is a czech conspiracy to steal our cheese ? 
  they throw your run-over corpse in a cell , because walking on bicycle lanes is such a heinous crime it must be punished posthumously . 
  like it stands a chance . 
   there 's no victory or draw possible , only defeat this is absolutely true . 
  we will show no mercy . 
  the water will be utterly destroyed . 
  the rest of your comment sounds like nonsense . 
  no way . 
  the sea can rise as high as it wants to . 
  we 'll just make bigger dykes . 
  we will be the last nation standing amidst a european sea . 
  well , it 's just a single magazine , not an entire country . 
  if this was done by the government you 'd have a point , but this is a private organization . 
  i 'd be like saying fox news ' opinions are the opinions of the us as a whole . 
  what could have been . 
  this truly is the darkest timeline . 
  there are only two places where everything can happen . 
  fiction and serbia, 
  those pretzels required us to pack 500 liters of space-fuel , buddy . 
  shit 's expensive . 
  one of the terrorists armed to serbian police officer though . 
  it 's a vicious cycle . 
  the ol' reddit switcheroo is impressive , but let 's not exaggerate . 
  nice try !, 
  [ you yankees obviously surrendered to the moon . 
  ] ( http://gizmodo.com/5930450/all-the-american-flags-on-the-moon-are-now-white ) therefore the us is now officially moon territory . 
  enjoy your new lunar overlords !, 
  the falklands were uninhabited at the time of their colonization , so there is precedent . 
  our own private moon is much cooler than some shitty rocks in the ocean though . 
  now we can have our elfstedentocht on europa !, 
  if i can stick a flag in ice then it 's colonizable . 
  we europeans need to scratch that colonization itch . 
  however oppressing the natives is considered rude nowadays , so space travel is the next best option . 
  lots of land , no natives . 
  it 's a win-win situation . 
  if they did n't want to be prosecuted for torture , they should n't have admitted they tortured people . 
  this guy went to syria , joined isis , admits to torture and you say : `` we do n't know for sure !, 
  i feel it 's more mediterranean as i 've almost never seen these in the netherlands . 
  i also ca n't remember seeing them in germany or finland , but i have seen them in france . 
  fair enough . 
  i 've never been to america so most americans i know are from tv and the news , which obviously is biased towards wealthier people . 
  i do know it 's something that 's normal in america , while in the uk richard hammond for example got ridiculed for doing it . 
  if i paint my rusty car it 's good as new right ? 
  that 's because americans whiten their teeth , while brits do n't . 
  so compared to americans it looks dirty , but they 're probably just as healthy if not more . 
  a little colour does n't hurt . 
  do n't know why the rest of europe does n't have that stereotype though . 
  maybe because brits interact more with americans ? 
  i 've never heard anyone talk about teeth as a british stereotype . 
  it 's mostly tea and stiff upper lip . 
  it 's dark and cold up there . 
  they do n't have anything else to do . 
  not even islamic fundamentalists dare go there . 
  it 's like mordor . 
  [ uk sometime in 2016 . 
  `` those who forget the past are doomed to repeat it '', 
  just you watch !, 
  this is obviously the first part of our epic trilogy called a new land . 
  up next is the netherlands strikes back , where we re-annex our rightful belgian lands . 
  lastly there will be the return of the bikes , in which our heroes free our bikes from an old enemy and then blow up their debt star . 
  their mountains are way too tall . 
  maybe denmark is allowed in , but they 'll have to ask nicely . 
  the sea is a filthy terrorist and i wo n't allow it to exist in my country !, 
  but we were talking about the dutch and french attitudes towards belgium . 
  not belgian ( in this case flemish ) attitudes towards the french . 
  my argument was that belgium gained it 's independence from the netherlands , therefore to the dutch the matter of belgium 's future is more personal than for the french . 
  i 'm so triggered right now !, 
  apologies . 
  it 's an automatic response when anyone mentions belgium . 
  well , you did gain your independence from us , not the french , so the feelings are a bit different . 
  that said , most of it 's just banter . 
  i do n't know anyone who would truly want us to conquer belgium . 
  i would personally welcome flanders into the netherlands , but only if they wanted to , which seems very unlikely . 
  i did n't say anything of the sort . 
  in fact i called my joke the counter-salt , implying i 'm salty as well . 
  do n't take it so seriously mate . 
  it 's all in good fun .
