  it 's all relative . 
  total disaster !, 
  i saw the green-white-red of his mexican flair and i just completely glossed over the fact that yours is italian . 
  my apologies . 
  if you take out self-defence , it 's still around 1100 . 
  i do n't think it takes away from his point . 
   i 'm speaking american here . 
  i know , it does n't ~ ~ always ~ ~ make sense ;-) ever ? 
  hey now . 
  if ~ ~ you 're ~ ~ they 're going to invade we 'll have to build a wall . 
  how about we send ~ ~ you ~ ~ them a sunset invitation ? 
  ^ ^ edit : ^ ^ turns ^ ^ out ^ ^ italians ^ ^ are n't ^ ^ mexican ^ ^ o_o, 
  the other option is out of our kitchen , so i 'll gladly take the wall . 
  himself most likely . 
  you had only a 38 % turnout ? 
  that seems absurdly low . 
  is that normal for romania or was this election an exception ? 
  you could just put the heads on stakes after they get guillotined . 
  you miss the torture effect of the stake , but still get the visuals . 
  that man is truly a beautiful wordsmith . 
  i 'd be like a protestant becoming pope . 
  placebo 's work fine for your headache , but it 's not going to cure cancer . 
  even so , lying about what your `` treatment '' cures just so they get the placebo effect is unethical at best . 
  the greatest feat !, 
  for some reason the us one is the only one that has actual nudes . 
  the other ones are just women with skin-coloured clothes on ... 
  no need . 
  just take them furniture shopping . 
  well , it was certainly effective . 
  those faceless eu bureaucrats finally got a face . 
  turns out it was the czechs all along . 
  he 's actually a greeter at a ww2 themed rollercoaster and specifying that you 'll need to be this tall to ride the attraction . 
  way to jump to conclusions !, 
  wrong !, 
  let me get my farage pictures !, 
  divide and conquer . 
  right now we 're dividing , afterwards comes the conquering . 
  maga was short for trump 's catchphrase make america great again . 
  mega is short for make europe great again and used as a parody of sorts . 
  amsterdam is the capital while the hague is the seat of government . 
  a lot of people seem to think we have two capitals , but if you were to ask any dutchman , i do n't think they 'll actually consider the hague the capital . 
  amsterdam is the only capital we have , even though it does n't really do anything in terms of governance . 
  do n't insult the dead like that . 
  even someone with zero brain activity should see why trump is bad . 
  believe me , since donald trump got elected my opinion of the average person has significantly dropped . 
  which is extra stupid considering they 're called the ** united ** states . 
  they 're a fucking union themselves !, 
  then they decided they were no match for our superior firepower and decided against invading us . 
  he did lose the popular the vote , but i would still call 46 % an awful lot for such an obviously incompetent man . 
  your system certainly does n't do you any favours either . 
  my own countrymen have every right to comment on our position in the eu , just like americans have every right to elect their own president . 
  i just do n't appreciate when a foreign leader is openly talking about breaking up the eu so they can individually bully us . 
  if the member states agree dissolving the eu is the best solution i can accept that , but not when a foreign power does it for their own benefit . 
   51 gigabyte putin gesammelt.docx that 's a lot of gesammelt !, 
  turns out germany is just an elaborate nsa plot to gather your data . 
  because he was talking about the northern irish and bulgarian elections , not the french and german ones . 
  i think a lot of people are willing to forgive russia , but they need stop their hostile attitude first . 
  annexing crimea was unacceptable and the war in eastern ukraine still continues to this day . 
  at the very least they need to come to an agreement with ukraine and show the rest of europe they can be good neighbours for a couple of years . 
  as long as they 're unwilling to do so , i 'm going to distrust them . 
  that 's all fine and dandy , but we ca n't just sit here for 4 years ( or 8 if the americans are truly retarded ) and let trump pick apart the eu until someone new gets elected . 
  if trump is really looking to destroy the eu we will have to consider the us as hostile , at least until his term ends . 
  we can mend relations afterwards . 
  i thought wwii taught you guys not to commit atrocities . 
  i 'd love more of these sort of monuments being build , but i fear most people would just call it a waste of taxpayer money . 
  [ they did n't predict anything , they listened to cameron literally saying he would trigger it immediately and took that as the most likely option . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw1zz4eufke ) you can hardly blame experts for taking the british prime minister literally . 
   we still have n't even seen him go full retard yet i shudder to think what full retard might look like considering everything he has said so far . 
  that 's obviously illuminati brainwashing . 
  i was not being entirely serious though ... 
  well , biology kinda forbids it ... 
  the right to have an abortion !, 
  netherlands and luxembourg , tax evasion bro 's . 
  oh , and there also ~ ~ southern netherlands ~ ~ belgium . 
  yup , i still have german coins from a year ago in my wallet because i ca n't get rid of them here . 
  ] ( http://i66.tinypic.com/dfu1so.jpg ), 
  was this map made by a swede ? 
  because denmark kinda looks like a penis . 
  that 's because both wallonia and flanders are looking for ways to launch the other one into space . 
  after brexit the ministry of british accents will be dissolved due to budget cuts . 
  he would just try to convince the martians to secede from our solar system . 
  when the uk sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  number 8 is n't the white house , it 's the capitol , because that 's where the new president gets inaugurated . 
  i do n't even trust trump to know the difference between his right and left hand . 
  understanding the structure of the eu goes way beyond that . 
  imperialism is bad , but i can sympathise with cleaning up border gore . 
  this already happened during the boston bombings , so it 's hardly a new problem . 
  technically there is an image search function . 
  russia 's goal is just to make european geography simpler by annexing all of it . 
  maybe you should google them ? 
  merkel 's look really makes this great . 
  not as dangerous as you calling hungary former yugoslav . 
  that 's probably the best way to summarise it in one sentence . 
   just because i do n't know stuff does n't mean i am capple for politics . . 
  i do n't think the us got that memo ... 
  they politically sided with argentina , but rarely helped militarily . 
  the european union also did n't exist at the time of the falklands war , so an attack on great britain would n't be seen as an attack on all of europe . 
  it 's also not necessarily about keeping good relations with the eu , but it 's about not making them an enemy . 
  a venezuelan invasion of the abc islands would likely go in a similar way to the falklands war . 
  that 's a fair point .
