  weeds out the dumb ones ? 
  nordics can not into estonia . 
  yes , we love that we 're always better . 
  they hate that they 're always worse . 
  so now our national colour is associated with donald trump ? 
  is this how the hindus felt when the nazi 's hijacked the swastika ? 
  rijktangle is best tangle . 
  that 's what we want you to think !, 
  * aansluiting intensifies *, 
   misspeled groot beglie this is why we ca n't allow you to be a country , buddy . 
   water we do n't take kindly to those types ` round here . 
  i 've wondered the same thing . 
  trump often gets described as charismatic , but whenever he speaks i just hear a 5 year old . 
  and to be frank , he does n't have looks on his side either . 
   italy   competent military operation lets keep this scenario realistic please . 
  make brabant great again !, 
  if there were any more red flags i would suspect they were communists . 
  yes . 
  i 'm not going to forget english and start learning french or german just to spite the british . 
  i 'd imagine most europeans feel the same way . 
  total disaster !, 
  self reflection is a good trait to have . 
  murder hurts people . 
  rape hurts people . 
  homosexuality hurts no one . 
  that still means 80 % of the country is n't far-right . 
  we have the best days !, 
  how can any data where we 're the top dog be ugly ? 
   it 's kind of obvious why people could disagree with gay marriage if they view marriage as a religious institute as opposed to a purely social one they would still be wrong though because marriage is both a religious and legal institute . 
  gay marriage usually refers only to the legal institute , not the religious one . 
  you can be for gay marriage in a legal sense , while wanting to keep religious marriage traditional . 
  not to mention that there 's plenty of things that are perfectly natural that we as a species have condemned . 
  things like rape and murder are things that most animals do , yet it 's seen as terrible by most people . 
  the netherlands second video was just a distraction from the fact that we 're actually the hidden force behind the eu . 
  as is tradition . 
   best video with the dutch one !, 
  this is why the finns are our true rivals . 
  they 're the only ones that come close . 
  i would n't mind polygamy as long as such a construction does n't allow for abusing the tax benefits . 
   pedophilia when both sides are for it there is no such thing as `` when both sides are for it '' . 
  children ca n't consent to such a thing . 
   so your post does n't hold up , change argument . 
  just because you do n't agree does n't mean my post does n't hold up . 
  my interpretation of marriage is no less valid than yours . 
  well , duh . 
  no one has the right to marry any man/woman either , so i do n't really see your point . 
  that 's what the discussion was about though . 
  if growing up in a heterosexual family environment is a right , then a single parent family would be a violation of those rights . 
  it was clear from the context of the discussion that he was talking about the legal right . 
  just because they should n't , does n't mean it 's their right . 
  while not preferable , a single parent family should still be perfectly legal . 
   marriage is an institution to protect women as they have to give up their careers to have children ; to encourage reproduction of the society ; to regulate the transfer of property from one generation to the next ; and to protect children . 
  if this was the definition of marriage ( which i greatly disagree with ) then why are infertile men and women allowed to marry ? 
  why are the elderly allowed to marry ? 
  why are people who do n't want children allowed to marry ? 
  you can already see that having children is n't a requirement of getting married , so why would you place that requirement on gay marriage ? 
  that just looks like four people who had shitty parents . 
  i 'm sure i could also find four people who had shitty heterosexual parents , but that 's not an argument that we should just make marriage illegal . 
  well , there 's of course a reason why it 's called greek love . 
  personally i think marriage is about marrying your loved one , not about just marrying any man/woman . 
  a union between two loved ones would be a more accurate description than a union between a man and a woman , at least to me . 
  i can understand that you may have a different definition . 
  however , usually marriage grants you specific right like tax benefits or the right to bury your spouse when they die . 
  personally i think gay people should be entitled to those rights as well , if they so choose . 
  by not allowing them to get married , you fail to give them equal acces to those rights . 
  while that 's true , only one of them was allowed to marry their loved ones . 
  and personally i think that 's what marriage is about . 
  you do n't just marry any woman , you marry your loved one . 
  equal rights is leftist bs now ? 
   i think it should not be called marriage separate but equal rarely works and only serves to alienate people . 
   should n't be mandatory for churches to accept it . 
  i do n't think there 's a single country where gay marriage is legal that requires churches to accept it . 
  at least in the netherlands it 's up to the discretion of the church . 
  when talking about gay marriage , most people mean the legal construction that 's performed by the government , not the religious institution performed by the church . 
  yup , i 've seen that one before . 
  i really wonder how brexit would 've gone if the british had n't been fed those lies for years . 
  the outcome may have been the same , but it makes me wonder . 
  the eu really needs their own pr department . 
  they should n't go full propaganda , but publicly exposing these sort of lies needs to happen if the union wants to keep existing . 
   wondering if i should work on a nice summary and send them to the eu press outlets . 
  maybe combined with a survey in a place like this sub . 
  hmmm ... . that actually might not be the worst idea . 
  why not ? 
  worst case scenario is that they ignore it . 
  best case people will no longer believe some euromyths . 
  there 's hardly a downside ( except for your time of course ) . 
  well shit ... hope i did n't run into any pedophiles , because i 've been using that slang daily . 
  do n't want to give the wrong signals . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again . 
  the eu has a massive pr problem . 
  they do a lot of good shit that no one hears about and there 's a ton of lies about it that only get refuted by posting an article on some obscure eu website . 
  i 'm 100 % convinced people would be more pro-eu if they actually also heard the pro 's instead of just the cons . 
  snl should have a skit where donald trump is being completely reasonable . 
  it 's the only thing that can still classify as satire . 
  and even further combined with both english and dutch being a germanic language with french influence ( not as much as english though ) . 
  if you 're going to throw around insults , we 'll have to build a wall to keep you mexicans out !, 
  [ maybe this will console them . 
  the be fair , the racist joke was also a shot at ourselves . 
  second after america . 
  second before finland .
