  formation talks generally take between 2 to 4 months historically , although it depends on the participants . 
  you did get what they were having . 
  it 's called christianity . 
  [ why stop at all ? 
  * 1453 : the revengening *, 
  well , the 1453 meme is in reference to the end of the byzantine empire , which prominently features in ck2 . 
  i mostly see the kebab meme used in reference to eu4 , but the paradox community is quite consolidated . 
  if you play eu4 there 's a good chance you 've played ck2 , so i guess some overlap is to be expected . 
  it generally refers to the ottomans , which barely feature in ck2 . 
  only the latter bookmarks , which no one plays , actually have the ottomans . 
  he 's in fact one of the things we 're planning to launch into space . 
  apparently so . 
  even if you are completely correct , you 'll understand why i believe a census over some random redditor 's opinion right ? 
  because i believe there are certain crimes which deserve the death penalty , but which i ca n't believe will have a 0 % failure rate . 
  so i would say crimes like genocide , murder , war crimes , etc would be deserving of a death sentence , however i do n't believe any of those can be proven with a 100 % certainty . 
   this is the point . 
  if the system increases standards for evidence , but they are n't 100 % sure of the guilty veredict , the death penalty should n't be applied . 
  if they leave margin , errors might happen . 
  well , i agree with this . 
  there 's no way to be a 100 % sure that the verdict is correct , no matter how high our standards are , so the death penalty should not be applied . 
  however if there was a way to know a 100 % certain , i would be in favor for the death penalty for certain crimes . 
  because this is statistically impossible , i 'm not . 
   in other hand , imagine that cases which happened in sweden in which rapists raped a girl and broadcasted it on a social network . 
  can we say that we are n't 100 % sure of the crime ? 
  there 's a 99 % certainty that happened , but it is possible that there are details we do n't know that changes the situation . 
  i would n't call that 100 % certain , even though there 's video evidence . 
  the surrounding circumstances that were not documented could change the situation . 
  you understand that a census is more reliable than your anecdotes about your visit and your ex , right ? 
  that 's like me saying every italian i know speaks english therefore every italian must speak english , even though i only know a handful of italians . 
  some officials from the muslim community have claimed that many members of the community were not counted . 
  based on their calculations , muslims should make 70 % of population in albania . 
  macron , making dreams reality since 1977 . 
  according to [ the census from 2011 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/albania#religion ) , most albanians are muslim with only 2,5 % being atheist . 
  so unless they dramatically lost their faith over the past 6 years , i do n't see how that 's possible . 
  this is why ~ ~ paradox ~ ~ god made a culture convert button . 
  there 's dozens of things trump said before he even decided to run for president that should have disqualified him . 
  the fact that he said a dozen more things that should have disqualified him afterwards and people still voted for him boggles my mind . 
  no , they make a full 360 degrees turn and then moonwalk away . 
  yes . 
  and that 's how mechamerica was born . 
   this problem could be solved in the case that death penalty was only applied to cases in which there is 100 % of certainty that the person is guilty . 
  i do n't believe we are capable of creating a justice system with a 0 % failure rate . 
  no matter what , errors will be made , either purposely or accidentally . 
  there have already been plenty of cases where an innocent was executed and we only found out later because of new evidence , despite increased standards for evidence . 
  you can be against the death penalty while still believing some people deserve to die . 
  my opposition to the death penalty is because we ca n't guarantee that no innocents get killed by it , not because i think some people do n't deserve death . 
  this shit is rigged !, 
  [ unintelligible ], 
  haha , good one !, 
  the irish demographic has been ignored too long in the french elections . 
  i would n't put it past them to finally start voting . 
   permission :  noun   1 . authorization granted to do something ; formal consent :  to ask permission to leave the room . 
   2 . the act of permitting . 
   3 . when you 're a star and they let you do anything . 
  nah , it 's all fine . 
  i can see the missile just zigzagging through the air , unable to decide what spot to hit . 
  that 's haram !, 
  but only einstein pooped his own poop . 
  france is a founding member who has always pushed for further integration . 
  britain was merely in it for the economic benefits and was never shy about letting the eu know about it . 
  the eu can take an economic hit like the uk leaving , but it ca n't take a political hit like france leaving . 
  adolf hitler : `` alright , let 's get this war going shall we ? '', 
  india : `` you got a license for that swastika ? '', 
  adolf hitler : '' ... '' india : `` we 're gon na have to shut your whole party down , sorry about that . '', 
  adolf hitler : `` verdammt ! '', 
  obviously the only reason this did n't happen is because india was ruled by britain at the time . 
  once again those damn brits have to ruin it for everyone !, 
  if the big bang had n't happened , none of this would be a problem !, 
  the difference between hitler and columbus/genghis khan is that one failed while the other two succeeded . 
  well , maybe all the fat went to their butts . 
  there always has to be one exception to confirm the rule . 
   second reminder : you like him because you really love the eu and see it under threat . 
  let 's not lie about that . 
  ah yes , how unusual to like a politician because he is in favour of the things that you are also in favour of . 
  0,01 % obesity rate is pretty good . 
  north korea begs to differ . 
  do dey got da booty ? 
  yes , we should cut off baby 's foreskins so that women will like his dick more . 
  that sound completely reasonable . 
  what kind of woman would insult their partners dicks just because they 're uncircumcised ? 
  it ca n't police everything , but that 's no reason to not even consider policing it . 
  she figured she needed some more experience with separating one thing from another . 
  that 'll do pig . 
  and the lord spake , saying , `` first shalt thou take out the holy pin , then shalt thou count to three , no more , no less . '', 
  if she was called le pon i would allow it , but for now she 's disqualified . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're going to have to vote for someone who is easier to joke about . 
  now * that 's * a voc-mentaliteit !, 
  erdogan confirmed as japanese drawing . 
  if you ever needed a reason not to vote le pen , there it is . 
  her name is n't french enough to honhonhon about . 
  i do n't think kevin really wants to seize the means of production though . 
  his heart is just not in it , so it 's fine to leave him out . 
  but no fillonhonhonhon at all . 
  he 's a comedian and his show is for entertainment . 
  i 'd say that 's fairly obvious . 
  if you read this comment section , that 's also clearly how it was received . 
  since when is / r/europe only politics ? 
  entertainment is perfectly welcome here . 
  if there 's an interest for it , then yes . 
  just because you do n't like john oliver does n't mean nobody does .
