  it 's a cooperative union between willing partners that seeks to work for the benefit of all it 's member states . 
  if you ca n't see the difference between the eu and 20th century britain , then i do n't know what to tell you . 
   why should countries like finland and greece , poland and portugal be forced to have the same laws and customs ? 
  they do n't need to . 
  in a federal eu there would still be state laws and federal laws . 
  you do n't need to abandon your customs just because you 're part of a larger thing . 
  except none of that is in conflict with a european state . 
  you can still love your country in a federal eu . 
  you stories and songs will remain . 
  the flag of ireland wo n't be lowered , but will fly proudly next to the eu flag . 
  it just misses the part where he claims it 's okay because the us did it too . 
  404 : god not found . 
  that 's the face of a man who is unable to process the amount of cuntiness he 's witnessed . 
  all those blue spots are cities , duh !, 
  france is the most densely populated country in the world . 
  it 's basically a megacity . 
  this is the same woman that judges children for their names . 
  she does n't want her kids to associate with children with `` lower class names '' . 
  she also greatly dislikes children with geographical names such as brooklyn or london . 
  her own child is named india ... 
  that was about another [ part of the border ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/30/belgium-and-the-netherlands-exchange-land-because-it-makes-sense ) where a river basicaly cut off parts of the land . 
  only if belgium gives us flanders back . 
  you can keep wallonia . 
  but we 're not talking about core beliefs , we are talking about core supporters . 
  there 's a difference between the two . 
  a core belief is , like you say , something that 's central to a group . 
  a core supporter is generally the loudest and most fanatical person in said group . 
  that 's not how i took it . 
  the core is generally the smaller group of true believers . 
  it 's the same with football . 
  in the netherlands we call the true supporters who take it too far the `` harde kern ( hard core ) '' . 
  they 're a smaller subset of supporters , but also the loudest and most fanatical . 
  that 's why he 's talking about * core * brexiters , not all brexiters . 
  [ it 's both . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_europe ), 
  i 'd like to see such polls . 
  obama was very popular in europe . 
  i believe he had higher approval ratings here than he did in the us . 
  besides , the actual destruction of the us is hardly a popular opinion in europe . 
  two of those comments you linked were deleted and the other is downvoted . 
  meanwhile america 's president has openly called the eu a vehicle for german domination and supported member states leaving the union . 
  hell , juncker even had to use ohio independence to show how ridiculous it sounds . 
  that 's not even comparable . 
  that 's just a stereotype we have about americans . 
  anti-eu sentiment goes as far as openly wanting to destroy the union . 
  you do n't see europeans calling for the destruction of the usa and claiming to fight for the sovereignty of the us states . 
  i 'm sure there 's plenty of things in the torah that they do n't follow to the letter . 
  what does one more thing matter then ? 
  literally no one is talking about banning circumcision for medical reasons . 
  we 're talking about ritual circumcision in the name of religion or culture . 
  of course medically necessary circumcisions will still be allowed . 
  just casually stroll around with your hands in your pockets . 
  he 's president of france now , no one is going to tell him where to put his hands . 
  that tweet has not one , but * two * complete sentences !, 
  i 'm skeptical that trump wrote that himself . 
  [ there 's an alternative gif for that . 
  ] ( http://www.sharegif.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/4-star-wars-quotes.gif ), 
  indeed . 
  wilders as second largest party sounds impressive , but that only translates to 13 % of the votes . 
  not to mention that cda and d66 both only have one seat less . 
  they deduced that the word pizza must be a code word for an underground child sex ring in a pizzeria 's basement . 
  the fact that this pizzeria did n't have a basement was only a slight inconvenience . 
  if there 's nothing in the e-mails , they 'll try to create something in the e-mails . 
  at the least brexit will make sure he 's no longer in the eu parliament . 
  we thank you for your sacrifice . 
  that 's very aladeen . 
  according to a quick google one of its meanings is `` to harvest '' . 
  so basically she 's harvesting unity ... 
  in a proportional system that 's actually quite a lot . 
  not enough to form a government , but you would realistically only need one more party to form a coalition . 
  not sure how it worked in germany at the time , but in the netherlands you would be almost guaranteed to be in government if you got 35 % of the vote . 
  that 's what wilders though as well . 
  he was framed as a coward and being unable to explain his policies . 
  he fell in the polls when we got closer to election day . 
  there 's an expression in dutch : do n't sell the fur while the bear has n't been shot . 
  a french nationalist being from a british fictional universe ? 
  how preposterous !, 
  surely there must be a french fictional universe we can fit her in ? 
  asterix & obelix ? 
  the sith are focused on anger and fear though . 
  i would say that fits le pen much better than being a jedi does . 
  if you had 0 % body fat you 'd be dead . 
  besides , just because bmi does n't work in a very specific circumstance does n't mean it 's completely useless . 
  for most people who are n't bodybuilders it works fine . 
  as far as i know these organisations are trying to make people not be ashamed of their bodies . 
  they 're not trying to promote obesity as a new beauty standard . 
  the cocaine was already implied . 
   models will need to provide a doctor 's certificate attesting to their overall physical health , with special regard to their body mass index ( bmi ) - a measure of weight in relation to height . 
  they basically did . 
  an obese person would n't be able to meet this standard . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  he 's ours . 
  i 'm willing to overlook that difference for the sake of claiming jaime lannister . 
  i believe scotland is still part of the uk for the moment . 
  and britain could literally send the hound ... iceland !, 
  you need to join the eu so we can organise cleganebowl !, 
   and on a side note , you do n't have a government yet ? 
  going for another world record again ? 
  it was belgium that was without a government for so long . 
  the longest it has ever taken in the netherlands was 208 days in 1977 .
