  it 's a political term that does n't necessarily hold the same negative weight as it does in normal conversation . 
  [ it 's a lion , dammit !, 
  ] ( https://www.raremaps.com/maps/medium/33160dc.jpg ), 
  voting patterns under fptp would be different though . 
  a lot of people who voted for the smaller parties now would instead vote for one of the bigger ones , because they know the smaller parties had no chance of gaining a seat . 
  over time even our parliament would turn into a two or three party system . 
  do n't worry , belgium is never taken seriously . 
  no , that 's a stembiljettencompressieapparaat . 
  that 's how we got our current government . 
  left voted for pvda to keep vvd out of government and right voted vvd to keep pvda out of government . 
  after election day , lo and behold , a pvda-vvd coalition became the government . 
   as far as my understanding the name of the ministry does n't matter when visiting turkish embassy in a diplomatic mission . 
  in general it does . 
  a head of state and foreign minister generally get automatic diplomatic immunity , because their status requires it , but other foreign officials are n't necessarily automatically entitled to it . 
  diplomatic immunity is granted to those that have a diplomatic passport , which a minister of family affairs would n't automatically have . 
  even so , diplomatic immunity makes sure they ca n't be prosecuted , but still allows for deportation . 
  i do n't know whether geert-jan koops is biased , but there 's plenty of different noise from other professors . 
  koops may very well be right , but his statements rely on whether kaya had a diplomatic passport , which probably is n't true . 
  the thing is that kaya 's visit was n't approved by the netherlands as a diplomatic mission . 
  turkey can task her with whatever they want , but only the netherlands can approve whether they 're actually considered a diplomatic mission . 
  the fact is that no notice was given and no approval was asked . 
  from the netherlands perspective kaya was not there in an official capacity . 
  regarding the minister of foreign affairs , he was n't denied for trying to give a speech . 
  dutch authorities were in negotiation with turkish authorities about the location and size of the meeting when \u00c7avu\u015fo\u011flu threatened the netherlands with sanctions if he was denied . 
  in the end he was declared a persona non grata for his threats , not for wanting to give a speech . 
  i 'm sorry , but f\u00fchrer rutte has demanded your extermination . 
  the fashion police is on its way to your house . 
   a convention on diplomatic relations from 1961 gives a country the right to deny access to the head of a diplomatic mission . 
  i 'd say the real argument is whether minister kaya can be called a diplomat , considering she was told not to come and came anyway . 
  she 's also not the minister of foreign affairs , but of family affairs , which means she might not be entitled to the same diplomatic immunity . 
  in a sense she was merely a turkish citizen who entered the netherlands illegally . 
  maybe our christian parties are more extreme in that regard because most dutch people are secular . 
  making sure it wo n't be on a sunday works well for their voters . 
  hell , some of them even close down their website on sundays ... 
  you are absolutely correct . 
  i confused catholic with christian . 
  but the protestant parties would indeed pose more opposition . 
  the ~ ~ catholic ~ ~ christian parties would n't like sundays . 
  a free day is n't really necessary as voting is really quick and easy . 
  i believe your employer also has to let you go to vote and ca n't keep you at work . 
  you do n't get the whole day off though . 
  because wilders has no solutions . 
  his [ election program ] ( http://www.pvv.nl/images/conceptverkiezingsprogrammma.pdf ) is barely one a4 long and has some insane points like : * making 7,2 billion profit on de-islamization , including a koran ban , preventively locking up radical muslims and closing all mosques . 
  * nexit * no more money to development aid , windmills , art , innovation , broadcasting , ** etc ** . 
  ( so basically choose your own election program ) * a financial paragraph that conveniently adds up to 0 . 
  he shouts a lot but offers no solutions , and the ones he does bring forth are a severe violation of our constitution and the freedom of speech and religion . 
  the other parties have solutions of their own that are far more well developed and not in direct opposition to our own values . 
  well , we would 've been more than happy not to mention it at all . 
  i 'm considering giving up fascism . 
  i just do n't have the money to pay the gas bill anymore . 
  at least some parts of poland can finally into space . 
   `` evil invaders of the great british isles '' i hope he goes there so we can go like : `` fuck yeah we did !, 
  we king now bois !, 
  we were in the process of negotiating with turkey about a possible private location when they threatened us with sanctions . 
  we do n't really like being threatened , so we cancelled the whole thing . 
   ban heineken who said dictatorships do n't have benefits ? 
  and apparently the ottoman empire was also the first to recognise the independence of the dutch republic ... 
  i do n't think it 's meant as an exclusive right , but we 're founders of the eu and that gives us a responsibility to make sure it succeeds . 
  taking more initiative would help immensely . 
   nazi  making sure the trains are on time yup , that checks out . 
  they want to find like-minded people . 
  so to join the nazis they have to become the nazis . 
  you 're in the same pot as belgium , so you 'll be well supplied . 
  it 's to designate whether it 's a long or a short sound . 
  so a single `` a '' is pronounced like the a in water , but a double `` aa '' is pronounced like when the dentists ask you to open your mouth . 
  :p double consonants have a similar function . 
  the designate whether vowel before it has a long or short sound . 
  if you take the words '' * hebben * '' and '' * heben * '' ( second ones not an actual word , but for demonstration purposes ) , the first is pronounced with a short `` e '' , while the second one is pronounced with a long `` e '' . 
  well , if they accept that israel participates in eurovision they also accidentally accept that israel exists , thus resulting in peace in the middle-east . 
  it 's quite simple really . 
  nowhere near dutch standards though . 
  the next cabinet will probably have 4-5 parties in it and a single party cabinet has never happened before . 
  coalitions are the absolute norm here . 
   does n't his life being under threat kind of prove him right ? 
  if you go by that logic wilders must be wrong because alexander pechtold , leader of d66 , also got death threats from pvv supporters . 
  does that suddenly make him right about everything ? 
  [ because it 's literally illegal for him to do so ? 
  ] ( http://www.dpa-international.com/topic/turkish-law-prohibits-campaigning-abroad-row-europe-deepens-170309-99-595734 ), 
   when the president does it , that means that it is not illegal, 
  we 're all nazis on this blessed day . 
  why not both ? 
  and erdogan is serving rutte , because this will certainly win him quite a few votes in the elections next wednesday . 
  revoking the landing permission is a much beter solution than just letting this minister spew his bullshit over here . 
  we got threatened with sanctions and that 's intolerable . 
  / s stands for schutzstaffel right ? 
  i 've been getting cramps from practising my nazi salute all day . 
  we 're trying to take care of our country . 
  erdogan is your own problem . 
  but the eu is the the fourth reich , so obviously all its members are nazi 's , right ? 
  well , sucks to be you then . 
  if you read my other comment you 'll see i was n't painting it as something bad , but merely trying to explain why americans might donate more compared to other countries . 
  well , both entities are the same man so technically a 1 man party is correct ... 
  you 're right about the elected officials . 
  that 's what i meant , but it 's very good to make the distinction between members and elected officials . 
  however according to the article i linked , groenlinks , pvda , pvdd and sp all use a similar system . 
  the sp has indeed the most extreme system where you donate your entire salary and get a modal salary back , but i think the other parties just require a certain percentage . 
  how dare you !, 
  i 'm not trying to paint us charity as a negative , but it 's a fact that the us has a lot of stuff that 's handled by charities instead of taxes . 
  you pay a lot less taxes , so it makes sense that people feel more of a need to donate to charity . 
  i did n't mean it as a negative , but more as a possible explanation why the us donates so much compared to the rest of the developed world .
