  true enough . 
  however , calling it the `` could be worse '' war just does n't have the same ring to it . 
  to be fair , it did n't turn out so great for you guys . 
  hating russia has never stopped russia . 
  i 'm not an expert and i have n't read those other reports , but you could argue that despite the bad economy , finland still makes up for it in other categories . 
  i agree , and that 's kind of what i was trying to say . 
  the soviets may have chased off the nazi 's but what they did instead was n't beter . 
  by the soviets , who fucked their country just as hard . 
  i do n't find it very hard to see why poles would n't like that . 
  not celebrating the soviets does n't mean they liked the nazis . 
  just because they saved them from the nazis did n't mean they should be grateful for the subsequent occupation . 
  this is n't a black and white situation where one is the bad guy and the other is the good guy . 
  not to mention the fact that the soviets collaborated with the nazis to partition poland . 
  oh no , is of drown !, 
  ireland is n't in schengen either because of the same reasons , so i do n't see why scotland should be in schengen . 
  maybe with an additional clause that obligates you to join schengen in the case that england rejoins ( however unlikely that is ) . 
  your official eu language is irish mate . 
  we 'll compromise so all english on this sub will now be written with a heavy irish accent . 
  the quality of the reich 's seems to go down the more there are . 
  back in the day you could n't just vote to leave !, 
  you could n't even vote to join for that matter . 
  suddenly the next day you were part of the reich . 
  the referendum was n't binding , but you ca n't honestly expect the uk to remain . 
  your next pm will trigger article 50 . 
  not doing so would be political suicide . 
  the eu is expecting you to leave . 
  if the uk suddenly decided not to leave , all remaining trust would be lost . 
  you probably would n't lose your existing privileges , but the eu would have no reason to give you extra exceptions . 
  it would be a cold day in hell before the eu would fall for that one . 
  a brit using french ? 
  preposterous !, 
  pvv always does better in the polls than the actual election . 
  even so , they wo n't be in the government , unless they get 51 % of the vote , which is unlikely . 
  most other parties have refused to cooperate with the pvv since the `` more or less moroccans '' speech . 
  do n't expect a dutch referendum any time soon . 
  the only situation where i would want the uk to stay is if it lost all its exceptions . 
  join the eurozone , join schengen , etc. 
  it 's not in the best interest of the union to keep around a nation that voted to leave , had their government ignore the people and still keep all their privileges . 
  i 'm sorry for all the brits that voted remain , i truly am , but your people have spoken and now we have to act in our own interest , not yours . 
  time for a knobxit . 
  question : would you like a rough pounding up the arse ? 
  \u2611 yes \u2610 no, 
  compromises are the work of the devil !, 
  you have ** one ** chance , do n't fuck it up !, 
  chances are very slim . 
  the ruling party needs to initiate a referendum and the only one that is in favour of a nexit is geert wilders pvv . 
  so he either needs to get 50 % of the seats or find another party to coalition with . 
  both are very unlikely to happen . 
  this is assuming rutte does n't make the same mistake cameron did and promise a referendum to gain votes . 
  i do n't think anything eu-related makes wilders happy , unless it 's a nexit . 
  i think it can be summarised in a single word and it 's absolutely not exclusive to the us . 
  nothing . 
  that 's what you think !, 
  maybe he did n't and invaded poland to see how far he could take it . 
  it 's a bit misleading . 
  they made people vote again after changes were made to the treaty , so they were n't voting on the same thing . 
  incorporating the opponents criticism in the treaty sounds like a perfectly valid thing to do . 
  not to mention that greece should n't be on that list because it was the greek government that ignored their own people , not the eu . 
  i 'm always baffled that people see the whole `` made to vote again '' thing as a negative . 
  the people voted against it , changes were made to accommodate the opponents , it was put up for a new vote and then accepted by the people . 
  how is that not democracy ? 
  it 's not like they continued setting up referenda until they finally passed , without making changes . 
  i 've never heard anyone complain about the romanians specifically . 
  maybe eastern europeans in general . 
  i 'd be surprised if most people even knew they were in the eu . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/1693/ ), 
  [ galapagos syndrome ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/gal%c3%a1pagos_syndrome ), 
  \\  tfw scotland is the one to save the uk from falling apart, 
  except those 170 + are n't united as one . 
  just because you 're not in the eu does n't mean you 're part of the non-eu club . 
  russia , us and china do n't stand as one . 
  eu immigration and sovereignty were two of the biggest issues for leave supporters . 
  why would they accept freedom of movement and having no say in regulations ? 
  that seems completely antithetical to the reasons for leaving brexit . 
  that may be the best thing that 's ever happened to the eu ... 
  1992 changes were made to give denmark exceptions and was then approved by the danish people . 
  2001 again changes were made to address ireland 's concerns and was then approved by the irish people . 
  2005 the eu constitution was never ratified and the eu does n't have a constitution to this day . 
  the lisbon treaty was created as a replacement and amends the maastricht treaty . 
  2008 like in 2001 changes were made to address ireland 's concerns and was then approved by the irish people . 
  2015 the greeks were ignored by their own government , not the eu . 
  2016 the eu ukraine association agreement has not yet been ratified by the dutch government following the referendum . 
  whether the agreement will still be ratified or not is n't clear yet . 
  rutte is in negotiations with the other parties . 
  even so , if it still gets ratified that 's the dutch governments fault , not the eu . 
  that 's because usually undecideds lean towards the status quo . 
  besides , a 4 % difference is well within the margin of error . 
  true , but the uk should n't expect a favourable deal . 
  they can expect a fair deal for both parties , but the eu should n't bend over and give the uk a better deal than other member states . 
  now that the uk is out , they 'll finally start speaking english just to annoy the british . 
  the only exception being the trade negotiations with the uk . 
  let 's be honest . 
  together with belgium we 're the riverlands . 
  lot 's of water and a tendency of getting fucked by a war someone else started . 
  it 's the [ ing house ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/ing_house ) , but i 'm not sure why they chose that . 
  i personally would have chosen the delta works . 
  the second one is the new market hall in rotterdam . 
  that transition between the netherlands and belgium was really clever . 
  very well done . 
  why is working less a negative ?
