  free of charge . 
  the plot thickens !, 
  god placed it there for a reason right ? 
  how very rude of them !, 
  well , that 's the thing . 
  cultures and religions should be criticized freely , but race is another matter . 
  you can decide that you no longer want to be arabic/american/dutch or whatever . 
  you can also decide you no longer want to be muslim/christian/atheist . 
  however you ca n't decide to no longer be black/white/asian or whatever race you are . 
  you ca n't blame all black people for the actions of some black people in africa . 
  they have nothing in common apart from their skin colour , which is something they ca n't change . 
  criticizing islam and christianity is okay , because those are ideologies with certain tenets . 
  race does n't have this . 
  supposedly it 's very similar to old english , but not so much modern english . 
  well , everyone 's up for a bit of france bashing . 
  it 's a real crowd pleaser . 
  that stalin fellow sounds like a bit of a dick . 
  most germanic languages do it this way . 
  you guys are the odd one out . 
  as always , blame the french . 
  that 's kind of what i was trying to say . 
  they 're very responsible with their oil profits , but that does n't necessarily translate to a higher salary for its citizens . 
  i think because norway as a nation is rich because of oil . 
  that does n't mean every citizen directly profits from that . 
  that money is put back into the government , who translates this into value for its citizens . 
  they do n't just increase salary . 
  i pulled this directly out of my ass though , so if anyone has a better explanation , i 'd love to hear it . 
  that could refer to someone 's sexual attraction to the euro . 
  those shiny little coins really get me going . 
  the scrapyard ... 
  was n't there also this civil war thingy ? 
  and something about a revolution ? 
  maybe i 'm thinking of the next iphone . 
  brexit would have massive consequences for both the uk and the remaining eu . 
  i think it 's fair that other countries can have an opinion on the matter . 
  merkel is n't forcing the uk to stay , but she 's only saying that germany would like the uk to stay in the union . 
  that 's not sticking your nose in to someone else 's business . 
  that 's stating an opinion on something that will have massive consequences on both parties . 
  considering we have fries of war ( patatje oorlog ) in our snackbars we could probably find some terrorist related spinoff . 
  technically true , but this is / r/europe , not / r/middleeast . 
  so in the context of this subreddit they 're pretty conformist . 
  before or after freddy krueger face-fucked him ? 
  it 's pronounced m ` perator . 
  * tips crown . 
  to be fair , he ( probably ) does n't look like the inside of other people 's asshole . 
  there 's probably more shots of deadpool 's ass and crotch , both naked and in tight leather , than any of the girls . 
  well , deadpool is a love story :p, 
  is this the first time finland is not the odd on out ? 
  you guys are becoming so mainstream !, 
  i mean , he 's no cameron . 
  genocide is only okay if done in a disorderly fashion . 
  [ that 's what a good asskicking does to people . 
  ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/raid_on_the_medway ) we 'll take those insults with pride , because we worked hard for them . 
  what about the gay jews ? 
  if not for germany 's loose interpretation of the rules , all those immigrants would be deported to the first eu country they arrived in , aka greece or italy . 
  just because it 's shit now does n't mean it ca n't get shittier . 
   only italy + germany ? 
  that 's what he was referring to . 
  poland is part of the op 's post , but not of the four motors . 
  step aside america !, 
  we 'll take it from here . 
  why would we share our glorious mayonnaise with dirty terrorists ? 
  we 'll be prepared for the germans this time . 
  maybe we 'll hold for a week now . 
  you 're the second canadian to take offense :p you 'll have to take it up with the fins though . 
  they have an entire village just for santa . 
  pffft , how should i know . 
  we 'll stick to sinterklaas , the og of december celebrations . 
  you 'll have to fight the fins for that title , mate . 
  they have an actual santa 's village . 
  you should n't believe everything they show on tv . 
  the suicide rate is n't really that threatening if you 're just visiting though ... 
  it 's that santa fellow up north . 
  every winter he starts mass-producing toy guns , which drives up finland 's statistics . 
  in bird law , this is considered a dick move . 
  does this map make me look fat ? 
  he 's not calling ukraine a client state right now . 
  he says : `` client states that they saw slipping away from their orbit '' . 
  i do n't think it 's unfair to say that before euromaidan ukraine was indeed very much in russia sphere of influence . 
  russia saw that status slipping away and intervened , thus propping up eastern ukraine through military intervention . 
  we allowed the frisians to think they have an own language and look what happened to them !, 
  we must learn from the mistakes of the past . 
  and almost double of iceland . 
  not denying that . 
  just do n't think the age of consent law in the vatican is related . 
  let 's be honest though . 
  how many children are there in the vatican ? 
  i 'm more inclined to believe the age of consent was an old law that was never updated , because there was no need . 
  most people in the vatican are priests , who are celibate , and the amount of children there daily is probably close to zero . 
  i very much doubt they had a lot of child abuse going on in the vatican . 
  i 'm not claiming there has never been child abuse in the church and it 's a fact the catholic church tried to cover it up , but this age of consent law is probably unrelated . 
  i felt it was implied that you would anschluss them before joining us . 
  hence the power of land . 
  i do n't speak french , so i do n't have any experience with frenchmen reacting to foreigners speaking french . 
  they do n't appreciate english however ... 
  i do n't know . 
  but they 're french , so they 'll despise you regardless for butchering their beautiful language . 
  it does n't matter how well you speak it . 
  this time even less holy , less roman and less imperial than before !, 
  but 100 % electric boogaloo !,
