  if you have combat capable women , there 's no reason to deny them access to the military . 
  being a man does n't automatically qualify you to be a soldier , just like being a woman does n't automatically disqualify you . 
  i never understood the lower requirements for women . 
  if this is apparently acceptable for the military , why does n't it apply to men as well ? 
  there 's literally no reason for different requirements apart from sexism . 
  that would mean giving up rightful dutch clay to the luxembourgians . 
  i do n't find that acceptable . 
  does germany still have cores on alsace-lorraine ? 
  if so , they might be willing to join the war in exchange for those . 
  alcoholism is n't a joke , it 's a lifestyle . 
  look at that guy viciously attacking de jong 's foot with his chest !, 
  i believe many languages actually call it just white russia instead of a variation of belarus . 
  i know for a fact dutch does . 
  even though we no longer use the orange in the flag , it 's still our national color . 
  sometimes the flag is still flown with an orange streamer , usually on king 's day . 
  it 's the symbol of our founding father william of orange and the color of our royal family . 
  that last one is peculiar . 
  why would belgians wonder why the death penalty was abolished in the netherlands ? 
  i would assume our reasons were n't that much different from the rest of europe . 
  we 'll have to declare war on a belgian ally so they can call in belgium without france joining the war . 
  it 'll cost more warscore , but we 'll get there eventually . 
  how about luxembourg ? 
  * it already happened * it already happened * it already happened * tbd * it already happened, 
  they 'd love to have a strike some day , but that would mean they have to stop w\u00f6rking for a moment . 
  that sounds like no change . 
  no , he 's doing a fine job of that without letting immigrants in . 
  my guess would be that they 're trying to emulate a blackboard , because several of einstein 's most famous pictures include him writing on a blackboard . 
  it 's to make the image more einstein-ish . 
  `` russia and the us started tweeting pictures of big red buttons that became progressively more zoomed in . 
  the war started when president trump accidentally tapped the button with his phone . '', 
  we ca n't let the memes fall into the governments hands . 
  we must seize the memes of production !, 
  belgium is a meme in itself . 
  it 's a joke , friend . 
  there 's a little goebbels in all of us . 
  i checked what they were up to last week and their frontpage was filled with memes comparing immigrants to lotr orcs . 
  so yeah , i ca n't recommend it . 
  so you 're one of those infamous communazi 's ? 
   we 're very ** straight ** to the point . 
  you sure about that ? 
  i think americans take it seriously . 
  the only reason you see europeans use it now is to mock the usa for electing trump . 
  the placement of the desk makes it look like that 's where the secretary sits and the next room is the office . 
  it 's actually called `` het torentje '' , which translates to `` the little tower '' . 
  but that 's the point . 
  being the largest party also has little meaning because the political scene is so fragmented . 
   wilders party has gone to 2nd place this may sound like a big deal , but that only translates to 13 % of votes , 3 % more than last election . 
  there 's still 87 % of votes that went to other parties . 
  saying that they 're the second biggest party does n't really reflect their actual power . 
  she may . 
   climate change is real and nobody denies it the us president literally believes climate change is a hoax created by the chinese to make us manufacturing non-competitive . 
  unfortunately the us president is not `` nobody '' . 
  if nato fails , germany would realistically be much more capable of defending itself than us though . 
  we 're just too tiny to mount a reasonable defense , no matter how much we pay . 
  true , but the first step to dismantling nato would be an invasion of eastern europe . 
  if we do n't act then , it might bite us in the ass later on . 
  then you are truly lost !, 
   there is no way germany , france and the uk will accept this alien power building a stronghold in the center of europe well , if you ask the brits there 's already one in brussels . 
  :p but yeah , we 're not really at risk , but i would wager it 's one of the reasons . 
  a refusal from nato to defend eastern europe could compromise the entire alliance and even the eu . 
  our safety hinges on at least one of them existing . 
  i 'm sorry , but we already agreed with luxembourg that we would bully you . 
  it 's the flag thing , you see . 
  you vertical-striped weirdo 's . 
  that 's an insult to cancer . 
  you say that now , but what will you do when our armored bike brigades cross the border !, 
  i 'm sure that plays a large part . 
  but we 're also a small country and we ca n't afford to decline a nato call to arms , because if it 's us that gets invaded , nato is the only defense we have . 
  we would n't be able to defend ourselves from any enemy that 's not belgium . 
   then why are there still greeks and bulgarians ? 
  source ? 
  i 've seen no evidence for this . 
  i personally would n't because it 's a circlejerk sub , but it 's not like i 'm the final authority on what 's a national sub and what 's not . 
  the clue is in the name . 
  i believe / r/thenetherlands is one of the largest national subreddits , if not * the * largest . 
  brexit polls were also perfectly in line with the result . 
  it was neck and neck in the final week . 
  * `` laughs in european '' *, 
   that 's terrible logic though . 
  if we follow that logic , we might as well take away voting rights from everyone except for colorado , florida , iowa , michigan , minnesota , ohio , nevada , new hampshire , north carolina , pennsylvania , virginia , and wisconsin . 
  if you did i doubt the election results would be very different . 
  the us 's system is just completely broken on so many levels that it 's hard to point at just one part of it . 
  it might be their civic duty to vote , but in the current system there are people who 's vote has n't mattered since they were born . 
  i ca n't blame the californian republican or texan democrat for seeing the futility of their vote . 
  true , but at first glance it looks like malta is around around 90 % , while the uk is about 25 % . 
  what ?!, 
  so it was those filthy belgians all along !, 
  oh , the humanity !, 
  i guess so . 
  maybe some attentive norwegians might as well . 
  but straight people can also have gay sex . 
  they may not enjoy it , but it 's definitely possible . 
  same goes for gay people having straight sex . 
  being gay is n't really about who you can fuck , but about who you want to fuck . 
  he has a coffin with a euro-sign in his office ? 
  how utterly bizarre . 
  well , does having gay sex prove they 're gay ? 
  some people might be willing to pretend to be gay to escape chechnya for lithuania . 
  russia ca n't even have a good ol' purge without the balts getting all riled up . 
  i was just making fun of the fact that none of those things are about turkey , they merely happened in turkey .
