  child abuse is . 
  if we ca n't prove it there is no reason to punish them . 
  i know , but having to make up excuses to not have sex with a child just makes me sick . 
  we should make it extremely clear that such practices are absolutely forbidden in europe . 
  the fact that it happens there is bad enough . 
  he can claim right now she 's too small for sex . 
  that he ca n't properly penetrate . 
  and even if he gets flak from the family , fuck em . 
  they can wait a couple of years . 
  according to you . 
  countries are n't different dimensions that exist in a vacuum . 
  i do n't want people in my country who think it 's okay to marry and have sex with children . 
  to say child abuse is okay because he was in the middle east as opposed to europe makes no sense . 
  if he comes here he should lose his wife and be punished accordingly . 
  we punish people who go to fight in syria . 
  if i 'm in the islamic state and i rape some children should i be let go without punishment once i return ? 
  of course not . 
  cultural values do n't need to be respected if they go against our laws . 
  it does give us the right when they 're here . 
  child abuse should n't be ignored just because of `` cultural values '' . 
  if your culture condones child abuse , we have every right to say that 's horrible and should be punished . 
  i 'm sure he can think up some excuses for why she does n't get pregnant . 
  in any case , we should n't allow it here . 
  they can do as they like in their own country , but here child abuse is illegal and should be punished appropriately . 
  they are if they want to live here . 
  by coming here and being married to a child they break the law by default . 
  we should tell people who are married to children that they 're not welcome here or that they should accept their punishment if they want to live here . 
  child abuse should not be swept away just because they come from the middle east . 
  they 're ( unfortunately ) free to engage in child abuse there , but here it 's not acceptable, 
  sure , in their culture it 's okay to do that . 
  does n't mean we need to accept it and agree with it . 
  over there we have no power to change it , but here they 're criminals and should be treated as such . 
  if they want to have sex with 12-year-olds they should stay there . 
  here they will be judged and punished for it . 
  some morals should not be relative . 
  sex with children is one of those . 
  we should have no tolerance for it . 
   unfortunately english has a large french and latin vocabulary that 's true , but maybe that 's a blessing in disguise as it makes learning lingula easier for those who speak english . 
  i think i 'll stick to english though as i was absolutely terrible at french . 
  even if he was involuntarily married , he could have waited for her to be older . 
  especially now that he is in europe , we should n't tolerate these kind of practices . 
  what about us poor germanics ? 
  how should we communicate ? 
  just sign here and you 'll get all the is you want . 
  i 'm sure they can ask their dad . 
  accidentally signed up with is . 
  i though it stood for instant sushi !, 
  more like this . 
  who has n't attacked france at this point ? 
  i mean this in a `` their country is older than the way to rome '' way not in `` le surrender '' way . 
  well , at least it 's creative ... 
  we do n't want to tempt the norwegians , now do we ? 
  you 're obviously correct about dinsdag , but until now i always thought dinsdag referred to odin 's day . 
  i guess it just made sense in my head because the others are also germanic gods and odin is more famous than thingsus . 
  the age of consent for popes is - \u221e . 
  however they 're only allowed to fuck other popes , so papal sex has been very low in the past few centuries . 
  there has been a steep increase since 2013 though . 
  that 's what i think he means with pseudo-anonymity . 
  you 're not anonymous , but you 're one voice out of thousands . 
  you 'll be drowned out by the rest . 
  while in the newspaper you 're probably one of maybe five people who get interviewed , so your voice carries more weight . 
  in both cases you 're painting a target on your back , but the difference lies in where you do it . 
  * i want to watch terrortubbies !, 
  * * no , son . 
  dora the exploder is on right now . 
  that would be `` papegaaieningewanden '' , although i do n't think that 's usually written as one word . 
  calm down , joe . 
  no need for such harsh terms . 
  i 've had many foreigners believe that i was just making words up when i explained some to them . 
  and that 's without pronouncing it with the dreadful hard g they use above the rivers . 
  or `` zaaiuien '' which means sowing onions . 
  `` sproeiauto '' which means spraying car is also interesting , but is kind of cheating because oe and au are pronounced like a singular vowel . 
  and then there 's `` papegaaieneieren '' aka parrot 's eggs . 
  i think most countries have a low countries variant . 
  it 's just that holland is much easier to pronounce and most foreigner do n't know or care that holland is only a province instead of the entire country . 
  i used to get annoyed at being called holland , but then i remembered that i usually refer to the uk as england and the us as america . 
  so now i do n't really care any more . 
  if anyone asks me then i 'm from the netherlands . 
  but if someone else says holland i do n't care . 
  that sounds like the dutch `` middelmaat '' , which means average . 
  what did you just call me ? 
  ah , i see what you mean . 
  i prefer the op 's way though , because i 'd rather live in italy than moldova . 
  :p it 's also interesting to see that moldova population ( 33 ) and area ( 35 ) are so close together while the netherlands population ( 12 ) and area ( 33 ) are so far apart . 
  you still get [ mount scenery ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/en/mount_scenery ) though , so it 's a bit of an improvement . 
  you just have to travel half the world to reach it . 
  how so ? 
  netherlands is 12th by population and moldova is 35th by area . 
  that 's not even close . 
  are you telling me japan is n't infested with rape-tentacles ? 
  i need to do some introspection now ... 
  why do you hate fun , mate ? 
  well , we call ourselves netherlanders and we speak netherlandish . 
  so it 's you guys who messed up by calling us dutch in the first place !, 
  that 's what you should call the germans . 
  alright , i 'll keep that in mind . 
  consider that another dutchman civilized . 
  its just to much for me . 
  thanks alot . 
  should we say `` au revoir '' ?
