  do n't burn that !, 
  we can sell it to the highest bidder !, 
  fair enough . 
  maybe op does think romania and bulgaria are terrible countries , but i do n't think there 's a prevailing attitude against those countries . 
  the most you 'll get is the generic `` it 's eastern europe , therefore it 's shit '' , which of course is n't true . 
  i would n't worry too much . 
  a lot of people do recognize the value of the eu , even if they do n't agree with all of it . 
  the idea of a nlexit ( or whatever stupid name they would give it ) has n't been something very serious . 
  a lot of things would have to go wrong for us to actually leave the eu . 
  i think foreign policy should also be about * who * we 're working with . 
  right now russia is being hostile and i do n't think that we should tolerate such aggression . 
  russia needs to understand that they no longer have a sphere of influence and that their bordering countries are free to make their own choices . 
  russia intervened because they saw ukraine wanted to align towards the eu . 
  i understand russia is n't very happy about this but that 's no excuse to invade a country . 
  the people wanted closer eu ties and that 's why they revolted in the first place . 
  the ensuing civil war should 've been a ukrainian issue and would probably have been much less bloody without russia 's involvement . 
  it 's true that the eu had been seeking closer ties to ukraine but i would n't call it a political power play . 
  they sought an association agreement which they have with many different countries . 
  they did n't strongarm ukraine into anything , because the ukrainian government actually rejected the agreement , which caused the revolt . 
  in fact , it 's russia who 's doing the power plays here with the annexation of crimea and the support of the civil war in the east . 
  all the eu did was diplomacy . 
  you could argue that helping ukraine is matter of empathy . 
  of course they do n't * deserve * our support , but that does n't mean we should n't offer . 
  we can help ukraine in their times of troubles and hopefully allow them to become less corrupt . 
  the military aggression is russia 's fault . 
  they took crimea and are waging a proxy war in eastern ukraine . 
  the civil war is ukraine 's business and russia had no right to interfere . 
  ukraine is a sovereign country and if they wanted to align with the eu as opposed to russia then that 's their decision . 
  i do n't think point 3 is necessarily a comment about the state of romania and bulgaria . 
  both countries had similar agreements and now they 're in the eu . 
  you can make the assumption that offering such an agreement to ukraine could be a first step for joining the eu . 
  most people who are going to vote no are against that . 
  point 3 is more about not wanting ukraine joining than somehow saying romania and bulgaria are bad countries . 
  how many english germans is one german german ? 
  i know , just trying to make a joke :d, 
  you have a massive dildo in your capital ... 
  yes , and i 've come to the conclusion that russia is the aggressive actor because of those arguments . 
  however it 's obvious you 're not interested in any meaningful discussion , so i 'll just wish you a good day and move on . 
  maybe because there 's truth in that sentence ? 
  feel free to present some arguments why i 'm wrong instead of giving such a childish response . 
  russia is literally invading border countries while nato is setting up bases in member countries that are legitimately frightened of their aggressive neighbour . 
  i 've lived in helsinki for 5 months for erasmus and it was only in the last month i realised it was a chapel . 
  so do n't feel bad . 
  sarcastic nazi 's are my favourite nazi 's . 
  * oh no , we 're totally not gon na kill all the jews this time !, 
  that 's not very sportsmanlike . 
  reading this kills me inside . 
  flanders , you can destroy wallonia . 
  they have foreseen this . 
  it is your destiny . 
  join us , and together we can rule the ~ ~ galaxy ~ ~ benelux as father and son . 
  i agree some is fighters might be like that , but this group is n't . 
  they willingly joined a terrorist organization while they could 've sat on the couch at home complaining about our terrible eurocup performance . 
  `` what 's all this then , lads ? '', 
  * gets shot in the face *, 
  if playing eu4 within the holy roman empire has taught me anything it 's that it 's much easier to attack someone when you 're both part of the same union . 
  the emperor wo n't intervene if you 're inside the hre yourself . 
  no worries . 
  once we have multiple countries trying to leave , we can call the whole thing exitgate . 
  i kind of want you to leave now . 
  not because i hate lithuania , but because i want to see newsreaders and talk show hosts try to discuss latex with a straight face . 
  if you follow my link , you 'll note that we also have a large variety , but they 're not all strictly called kroket . 
  they also seem different from the spanish ones , but i 've never had those . 
  stroopwafels are great !, 
  but they 're more of a lunch snack as opposed to an evening snacks . 
  i was going to make a joke about you guys not being independent , but in the spirit of solidarity i 'll just agree . 
  we both have some great snacks . 
  * you have been subscribed to refugee facts !, 
  * * did you know 130.000 migrants completely vanished in germany ? 
  * * if you want to know more type `` yes '' . 
  if you want to unsubscribe type `` no '' . 
  it 's true that we ( dutch , not all northern europe ) do n't have a varied cuisine though . 
  typical dutch dishes are usually mashed or soup . 
  in terms of fastfood we 're absolutely king though . 
  [ kroket ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/en/croquette#/netherlands ) , [ frikandel ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/en/frikandel ) , [ bitterballen ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/en/bitterballen ) and a variety of other snacks are uniquely dutch . 
  i would say we do fastfood better than the americans . 
  * would you like to subscribe to refugee facts ? 
  * * type `` yes '' to confirm . 
  type `` no '' to decline . 
  what 's the distance for young males ? 
  buying lego for a parliament of children is probably more expensive than the entire budget . 
  or the netherlands ... we 're the most densely populated country in the eu . 
  britain is lawful neutral . 
  they 're willing to agree if it benefits them , but if it does n't they want out . 
  they 're not in it for evil reasons , but they 're not above dicking over other people . 
  all the happy people moved to brazil , leaving behind the sad ones :(, 
  such is life of the shit rectangle, 
  if everyone is offended , no one is . 
  that 's how we unite europe . 
  method 1 : do n't touch anything !, 
  method 2 : touch everything !, 
  the map claims half of poland needs a plumber . 
  did polandball lie to me ? 
  i do n't know what to believe anymore . 
  * stops mashing potatoes *, 
  which is fine because pissing leaves a stench and is also public indecency if someone sees you taking your willy out . 
  burping on the other hand has no consequences apart from some noise for a few seconds tops . 
  we 'll just change all the maps and pretend you 're with us . 
  you 're going to be in the cool club whether you want it or not , switzerland !, 
  we 'll take em .
