i 'd say it depends on the country . 
  in some it is surely worse, 
  offside goal ? 
  i highly doubt the eu would support that referendum , when there are areas of europe like catalunya that wish to be independent and the eu does nothing, 
  the brain drain is not caused because of free movement , its because the countries where this is occuring have smaller budgets to finance research and so researchers are going to countries where they can work better . 
  many scientists in southern europe are going to the us because of this , and as far as i know there is no free labour movement between the us and any s. european country, 
  but do n't they also want switzerland to be as economically succesful as it has been in the past ? 
  its undeniable that the country 's economy would n't be doing as well without foreigners coming in to work . 
  not only is it undeniable to switzerland , but to every country ever . 
  its a generally accepted view in the field of economics . 
  im sure they want their country to keep doing well , so they can maintain their great quality of life , but you cant have a great economy without movement of labour . 
  you ca n't have the benefits of immigration without its `` problems . '', 
  this is what those who voted for do n't seem to understand . 
  they want the good things , but not the bad , when both come hand in hand, 
  when swiss citizens say `` no '' to me going there , i say `` no ! '', 
  to my taxes going there , how about that ? 
  firstly , what you are certain or uncertain of is of no value to this discussion . 
  so can u show a statistic for falling average wages in the uk ? 
  even if this were the case , lower wages would enable companies to hire more employees and thus increase production , which is good for the economy as unemployment would fall and exports increase , having a net positive impact on your economy . 
  stop being so uptight , he was n't passing it off as fact . 
  not every post on reddit needs to be held to the highest standards of integrity , especially not those containing 12 amazingly hot russian females ffs, 
  if you know anything about history , you know you ca n't compare the situations in germany and spain in the same way . 
  im sure you know how the transition happened . 
  it was a give and take between the old guard and the newcomers . 
  what do you think would have happened if new laws were passed banning all francoist influences ? 
  do you think the military would have been fine with it ? 
  of course not . 
  it was a bargaining game , and both sides got the best they could . 
  in 1975 , after 40 years of fascism , i think the peaceful transition was the best they could get . 
  the alternatives were anything from the 1981 attempted coup to anything much worse . 
  while im not proponant of the right wing , and am as outraged as anyone seing pictures of members of the jps doing fascist salutes , i 'm aware that these events and the transition 40 years ago are completely different . 
  and on a final note , many of your points seem to be anti-democratic . 
  you complain a lot about pp , but the laws in place to regulate their behaviour have been introduced by politicians elected by the people . 
  you also complain about their members , yet these are elected as well . 
  maybe not everyone is as antifascist as you or me , and as wrong as that is , we have to live with it since we are in a democracy . 
  although hopefully , when those who grew up after the transition reach power , things will be different, 
  no its not . 
  do you know the spanish transition from dictatorship to democracy is used as a model for how other countries should transcend ? 
  the transition was 40 years ago . 
  most of the background fascists are dead or have very little power remaining . 
  this whole article is sensationalist bullshit . 
  spain and portugal , after 40 years of dictatorship , are the least extremist countries in europe today there is no background fascism . 
  just conservative politicians which are elected democratically for their views , which are supported by a large portion of the population, 
  this quote from the article makes the whole piece redundant : `` spain 's largest neo-fascist group , the alianza nacional , has a core of 300 member '', 
  but , due to income tax ( which foreign retirees , by definition , have never paid to the spanish gov ) , are n't spanish citizens contributing more , per person , than the foreign retirees to an equal amount of and access to healthcare benefits ? 
  this is a non-issue for me but just for the sake of discussing : while they are consuming and thus contributing to the spanish economy in that way , they are all receiving something in exchange ( ie - whatever they buy ) . 
  however , what is the spanish government receiving in exchange for providing free health care to these citizens ? 
  fighting terrorism and rebuilding irak after attracting terrorists and destroying irak is not `` doing your part '', 
  do you realy want the piece of shit that is oliven\u00e7a ? 
  good rant , but know that the gibraltar conflict is much bigger in the uk than in spain . 
  go on elpais.com or elmundo.es and you 'll find no reference to it , and if you do , its the journalists making fun of pp fascists, 
  in that case do you think belgium would be kind enough to give spain some prime congolese veg ? 
  i see your nuclear sub and raise you the temperature to 28\u00bac . 
  lol , i guess one could say america learned from germany 's mistakes on how best to control countries, 
  thanks a lot ... btw from the spanish pov the uss maine explosion was a false flag created by the us, 
  out of curiosity , why did the us have a clause over cuba with spain ? 
  this was before the spanish american war in 1898 right ? 
  if i remember correctly there was some sort of trilateral dialogue , but then gibraltar stopped the talks and now the ( new ) spanish gov also stopped them, 
  i think you missed the point . 
  what i was saying is that you are obviously downplaying argentina 's capabilities and overstating the uk 's . 
  if you were correct and the uk had the ability to wipe out an entire airforce then you would be masters of the world ... 
  anyway , this entire conflict ( both spain and arg ) will end in nothing , and while it continues , it will be through the un and international law , and not warfare ( as much as this dissapoints the telegraph readers ), 
  the telegraph knows best !, 
  i actually think this is a bigger deal in the uk than in spain, 
  beat the taliban and then you can talk about wiping out an entire airforce, 
  lol who do you think is more important to the eu , finland or spain ? 
  so you 're saying if 10 different countries leave the eu , then it will fail ? 
  you must be a genius . 
  anyways , dont think for a second that countries like finland with a population of 6 people are more important to the future of the eu than spain , italy or greece . 
  you say you have the bargaining power yet the eu has responded to the crisis by going against what countries like finland and holland wanted ( ie-no bailouts ) . 
  if anything , it seems like what your countries think is irrelevant lol, 
  this is the only quote i have from that report : `` even without a full haircut , ` portuguese banks have about $ 300 billion of short term liabilities , $ 75bn of which , post cyprus , bridgewater considers ` bail-inable '' debt ' , which consists of uninsured deposits and bonds which are maturing . '', 
  http://www.valuewalk.com/2013/08/bridgewater-associates-europe-collapse/ so digo isto, 
  exactly what i was going to say ... people are so pessimistic its ridiculous . 
  `` growth will never ever come back '' ffs, 
  firstly , if the eu is going to defend anyone it will be spain and not the country wanting to leave in 5 years time . 
  you just have no clue wtf you 're talking about . 
  this conflict isnt about sovereignty , the spanish government and its people are in no way trying to get gibraltar back . 
  this is mostly about fishing waters and how gibraltar is acting against the agreement ( treaty of utrecht ) which gave them that land by throwing concrete into the sea to expand its territory . 
  do you actually expect a country to do nothing while another takes its territory ? 
  shut the fuck up and go back to reading the sun you ignorant prick, 
  * this is the only decent comment in the thread . 
  not only do gibraltarians not wont war , but nor do spanish . 
  this is all media hype and couldnt be further from the truth . 
  * reading the comments shows most people here dont know anything about the subject . 
  they think this is about sovereignty . 
  gibraltar has been british for 300 years and most people in spain couldnt care less, 
  ~ ~ rajoy ~ ~ passos coelho is under a very hot spotlight . 
  the only thing keeping him in power is the fact that the whole government , central administration and court system is corrupt to the core . 
  this coming from a german lol, 
  you 're absolutely right in saying portugal needs to restructure its economy . 
  one of the limitations howerer , is that when portugal joined the eu it agreed to dismantle large industries like agriculture and fishing in exchange for large grants and subsidies , so as to not compete with other countries in the eu . 
  as a result . 
  the portuguese economy has been stagnated for almost 15 years with incredibly low growth rates which was ok until the current global recession . 
  now the government is trying to achieve economic growth , but with little industry and a lot of austerity this has proved impossible . 
  why argue when we can look at history ? 
  the events speak for themselves . 
  no , communism does n't work . 
  its not a realistic system , and any country that has attempted to implement it has not only miserably failed , but consequently changed to capitalism ( not to mention that to implement communism requires an authoritarian regime with no respect for human life ) . 
  and by capitalism im most certainly not refering to the idealistic system of free markets with no government control .
