unfortunately , religions tend to do well when persecuted communist managed to make the czech republic almost 100 % atheist . 
  i think persecution is exactly what the brain washed idiots need . 
  ban any expression of faith ( give out fines for it ) and make sure that the religious are slandered and ridiculed at every possible turn . 
  faith is wrong, 
  so if the 3b that are n't in eu right now move over to the eu we 'll take care of them too ? 
  [ source ] ( http://www.errc.org/article/gypsy-hunt-in-switzerland-long-pursuit-of-racial-purity/1203 ), 
  the only case of roma people being integrated is switzerland where they took away the children of all roma families and had them re-educated . 
  switzerland managed it . 
  the method was a little radical but it worked . 
  but much more logical . 
  it 's a joke . 
  same as americans spreading freedom is a joke . 
  lets not send any troops lets just bomb them into oblivion . 
  it 's not like they are n't already destroying everything that we would n't want to bomb . 
  in the cz we tried to keep track of them by putting numbers on them . 
  but that apparently makes us nazis so imagine what would happen if you tried to keep them in check by using the army . 
  the saudi arabia is on the us 's payroll . 
  not if you kill them all which i 'm willing to bet russia will do . 
  then send the to the first lawless unregulated area you find . 
  if they do n't want to cooperate then why the hell should we help them . 
  they get denied because they do n't mention country of origin but still stay here because we ca n't deport them because they did n't specify their country of origin . 
  see the problem with that . 
  the problem is that those 71 migrants died due to negligence not intention so probably the sentence wo n't be that heavy . 
  i guess killing infidels will wash away any sin wo n't it ? 
  that makes this a lot harder . 
  fully aware of that but idk how much a religious fanatic would follow their beliefs . 
  is eating pork worse than not killing infidels ? 
  any half way decent background check should be able to determine a persons religion . 
  plus the nsa should be plenty useful for this kind of thing . 
  the us already does background checks does n't it ? 
  well my other idea was a test by burning a quran but that seemed a little too extreme . 
  the problem i see with either test is that maybe some muslim terrorist would complete the test regardless of how anti islam it is . 
  so i guess background checks are the only way and those are time consuming and expensive but it 's not like the us does n't already do them what with needing a visa to go there . 
  as for being serious or not . 
  i see religion as a plague that deserves being stamped out so morally i have no issue with either of the tests . 
  i 'd just ask anyone who wishes to enter the us to complete a simple test of eating pork . 
  well they left their home country for a reason . 
  they ca n't be all that happy when what they left behind follows them . 
  i said should not will . 
  if the tax collection rate hits 100 % they should lower all taxes since tax evasion would be impossible . 
  also if they automate the tax collection system they can dump a lot of government workers which would lower how much tax money is need to run the government allowing for further tax reductions . 
  make europe great again and build a wall ? 
  except these refugees can go to plenty other places that are n't europe . 
  unlike the jail situation where the is only 1 bottle of water . 
  oh yeah that 's why i revised the idea to a 50m deep 10m wide trench with razor wire at the bottom . 
  the media 's goal is not to inform people it is to make money . 
  someone obviously wants them to publish fake photos . 
  well then use a mine field and razor wire . 
  put a fence and sign around that and anyone who ends up going in is now classified as a suicide . 
  after all it 's their dumbass that triggered the mine . 
  except checking that businesses are n't employing them is much harder than just sending all illegals back whenever you happen to catch them . 
  like how the hell do you even check that someone is employing illegal immigrants ? 
  what so you would have the government spending tax payer money to make sure that businesses are paying the illegal immigrants better wages ? 
   ban all muslims from ** entering ** that means if they 're there already they can stay . 
  if there were fewer illegal immigrants in america minimum wages would go up as people would be forced to hire people at reasonable wages . 
  this is a completely reasonable method of raising the minimum wage and raising employment . 
  well that 's a stupid way of deciding who gets to be a citizen . 
  isis was once a branch of al-queda . 
  both can be done . 
  not that i believe in white genocide but letting masses of people of any kind move into your country without any regulation is stupid . 
  yes one of them is longer . 
  what do you mean differentiate accent in the speech ? 
  those are letters which can be followed by y or i depending entirely on the word they are in . 
  the resulting sound is the same but the spelling differs . 
  maybe . 
  i was in english school and doing czech makeup exams . 
  but still massive waste of time . 
  there 's a bunch other situations where the i and y only impact written text but have no impact on spoken language . 
  for example the ending letter in verbs depending on what the verb is describing . 
  it 's completely useless because when you are writing you have to use the context to determine which letter to use . 
  mind i have n't written in czech for like 4 years now and my ability to spell is gone . 
  i finished 9th grade with a 1 for czech langauge . 
  the whole of 6th grade czech is learning the bflmpsvz words . 
  that is a waste of time . 
  those are pronounced different and i did n't mean all y and i. 
  it 's ok when it changes the pronuciation . 
  i think it 's useless in words like bit byt ( i do n't use a czech keyboard so they are missing the accent ) . 
  it 's annoying and serves no purpose what so ever . 
  uh what ? 
  i wish the cz dropped the retarded y and i thing . 
  the videos show by the dutch police show that if the blades were sharp the eagle would be slashed up . 
  depends on your needs . 
  also your blades do n't have to entirely made of metal to be able to cause a shit ton of damage to anything soft bodied . 
  small razor blades on the propellers would probably be enough to seriously harm an eagle . 
  i doubt terrorist drones would be built with safety in mind . 
  hell drones loaded with explosive could be `` hot '' for the duration of their flight making it impossible to take them down with anything but a shotgun . 
  if someone was making an attack drone i would n't be surprised to see the blades being sharp and made of metal . 
  so did agriculture decline after the end of the roman empire in order to facilitate the cooling that took place after it 's demise ? 
  here 's the thing . 
  by protecting google they get to go to expensive parties and get expensive gifts ( it 's not corruption unless you 're found holding a suitcase full of cash ) . 
  they fully realize they are screwing everyone else over . 
  people almost anywhere are about equally capable give them same leadership however russia is a sad sight because it has huge resources reserves and yet is incapable of industrializing what so ever . 
  russia sells all it resources to other nations that actually have the industry to process them and due to the corruption none of the profit russia makes on the exports leads to further economic expansion . 
  yeah because people will totally fund schools highways and power plants . 
   our economy needs refugees i really doubt anyone actually wants to employ the refugees . 
  so that 's a lie . 
   we need refugees because our native population does n't produce enough children that 's true but that 's not an direct source of money the two major money mills are the refugee shelter suppliers and then the smugglers everyone else really hates refugees . 
  all the vegetarians i know had to take supplements . 
  most western holidays are about consumerism piled onto what was once a religious holiday . 
  the whole point of xmas is to make people buy stuff then there is the post xmas sale to make them buy even more stuff .
