  also catching potential terrorists is really really hard . 
  if i were planning a terrorist plot everyone in the plot would be given 1 task which they execute if they get an email containing a specific image/phrase . 
  this would all be agreed on verbally . 
  good luck catching any of the participants before they act . 
  the call to action phrase could be something as mundane as a very specific internet meme . 
  also you can really on 1 man nut jobs who are always prepared to blow up if they see an opportunity . 
  these guys would be like bombs that get activated by proximity to a large crowed . 
  there are a ton of ways that you can create terror plans with no data trail other than a few spoken words and a bomb building lesson in some war torn region of the middle east . 
  luckily it seem that so far all the attacks are rather coordinated . 
  however here 's a potentially dangerous idea : how can the enemy learn my plan if there never was a plan to start with . 
  i have strong doubts about the other factions being much better than daesh . 
  the region seems to spawn nutters as fast as they get killed . 
  daesh goes down and some other group will take over as enemy # 1 . 
  everyone will be too stoned to realize, 
  well then all i have to do to speak hate speech is make it a religion ? 
  that 's retarded . 
  what if i made a religion based on nazism ? 
  would i be able to preach that ? 
  cut yourself with it . 
  i give 0 shits for my country 's culture . 
  actually i give 0 shits for the whole world 's cultures . 
  kafka spoke and wrote in german . 
  so i would n't consider him czech . 
  from one of my other comments  switzerland solved integrating it 's gypsies by forcefully taking away kids and putting them in white families . 
  several years later the swiss gov ended up paying damages to the then grown up kids for doing this but at that point they were all integrated enough to take switzerland to court and win . 
   however , children are already required by law to attend school for several hours a day , 5 days a week over a time of 10 + years . 
  that 's where you can educate them and where you can offer an alternative to whatever their parents might believe . 
  because that works so well with the gypsies right ? 
  those guys are either so disruptive that the whole class is worthless or they just do n't turn up at all . 
  the end result is that many gypsies are barely able to speak czech and none of them can be considered integrated because they live in ghettos . 
  switzerland solved integrating it 's gypsies by forcefully taking away kids and putting them in white families . 
  several years later the swiss gov ended up paying damages to the then grown up kids for doing this but at that point they were all integrated enough to take switzerland to court . 
   attempt to change the view of the next generation so take their kids away and have reasonable people educate them instead right ? 
  because the parents are whack . 
  you can all dance and sing around the hole they are being dumped into . 
  make more kids . 
  or make more robots . 
  simple . 
  simple the average german couple has less than 2 kids on the other hand the immigrants have 4 . 
  the getting shot at part was solved the moment they left syria . 
  anything they did after that was their own choice . 
  coming to cold europe was their own damn choice they should n't complain . 
  they are getting treated better than european homeless people . 
  if you are n't poor why the fuck do you need our help ? 
  a 100 $ phone would still fit the bill . 
  nah it would n't . 
  right now people on the czech german boarder shop in germany because german food is cheaper/same price and higher quality than the shit we get sent by multinational manufacturers to sell in the cz, 
  the uk already had border controls while in the eu . 
   diplomatic immunity was initally invented to stop the taking of hostages during wartime . 
  how can this work ? 
  if i am war with you what would stop me from taking your diplomat hostage ? 
  we 're already at war you ca n't really escalate further from there . 
  if the banks leave the economy takes a hit and everyone is going to suffer . 
  except the 1 % ers because they will go an buy up post crash uk assets to resell after the uk recovers . 
  facebook tracks you whether or not you have a facebook account . 
  they have a database of profiles for non users so that when you do join they can already start drowning you with relevant ads . 
   what 's the point of living , if life does n't continue ? 
  there is no point everything will end with the heat death of the universe assuming we do n't get killed of by some kind of apocalypse before that . 
  the eu has so far done fuck all about the migrants . 
  hungary went and built a fence . 
  germany shipped migrants in en masse . 
  greece is too broke to do anything . 
  sweden has recently started somewhat caring about it 's border . 
  the uk does n't have open borders with eu so any migrant issues it has are it 's own fault . 
  france does n't seem to be doing much more than trying stop people from going to the uk . 
  the eu however has so far done nothing about the migrants because no one in the eu agrees on what to do . 
  everything is a rally car if you 're a good enough driver . 
  woops missed it . 
  where 's that image from ? 
  for all we know you could of made it your self . 
  well the right wing will happily redefine x generation immigrants if they get to power . 
  and czech republic, 
  yeah there was some guy who reviewed his ex-girlfriend 's game and some such . 
  i think the ex-girlfriend slept with a bunch of game reviewers or some such . 
  it 's basically gamers moaning about the lack of jurnalistic integrity in games media and games media moaning about sexism in video games . 
  well the uk is the 3rd biggest export partner for germany too but % of export wise being the 3rd or 1st does n't mean anything depending on how many other countries also take export and how much smaller their shares are . 
  say you have a country that has 10 export partners and they stack up like this : 200 $ 150 $ 100 $ 90 $ 80 $ 70 $ 60 $ 50 $ 40 $ 30 $ the guy in 3rd does n't matter that much . 
  the uk is only 6.4 % of total polish export according to my quick google search . 
  i was expecting this . 
  lots of people kept telling me that germany would n't dare but the fact is that the uk is only 9 % of germany 's exports . 
  on the other hand the uk gets 50 % of it 's trade from the eu . 
  so anyone interested in keeping the eu stable will just take the export loss and roast the uk to show any other exiters exactly what happens when you leave the eu . 
  the worrying part is if they take revenge too far there could be far reaching economic damages for everyone not just the uk . 
   there are now more than 40,000 legal acts in the eu . 
  there are also 15,000 court verdicts and 62,000 international standards , all of which must be respected and obeyed by citizens and companies in the eu . 
  probably a few weeks worth of reading material . 
  that 's to just read it not even understand what all of it does and if it 's good or bad for you . 
  looks like the eu or atleast germany is out for uk blood . 
  the uk only makes up less than 9 % of all german exports . 
  that hurts but not as much as uks 50 % to the eu . 
  the only bankrupt members are greece italy spain and portugal . 
  all the other members are fine and now that the uk is about to stop being an eu gateway some of them should see a boost as large corps move their operations onto the continent . 
  i would n't be surprised if most of the top leave campaigners were aiming to short the pound because i ca n't see any other way that it would make sense for them to intentionally wreck the uk economy unless they were being paid by people interested in buying uk property at low prices . 
  edit : ( going outrageous conspiracy mode here ) trump is celebrating that the uk left the eu . 
  so trump might be interested in buying the uk and turning it into trump island or something . 
  staying in the eu does n't change how the uk does taxes . 
  however ms might just move all their operations if the uk leaves the eu and then uk taxes will apply to them even less . 
  i will never forget what my friend told me as we landed in romania for the first time . 
  `` buildzoid welcome to gypsy land '', 
  knife into the chest where your heart is should be pretty effective should n't it ?
