  this should teach us that when the debt mountain becomes too much to handle , it 's already too late . 
  the fixes and reforms should come way , way before debt is even danger of becoming an issue . 
   at the same time , bombings happen kinda every now and then . 
  . . no they do n't . 
  at least they should n't , and i say this as neighbor to sweden . 
  i have lived for well over 2 decades and never seen a bombing . 
  i only remember a custom-made pipe bomb that was malicious but that was years ago . 
  i would like to see the math that says having 237 000 man ( our current wartime strength ) professional army is cheaper than getting the same number from conscripts . 
  from how i see it , professional army will be significantly smaller when compared to a conscript one . 
  i believe conscription is the cheapest method of getting an army large enough to protect our large borders . 
   depends on whether finland believes that there is a credible threat of attack . 
  there is . 
  especially after events in ukraine . 
  biggest problem i see is economical . 
  joining nato might be a killing blow to our trade with russia . 
  it 's already declining , but still a significant part of our economy . 
  this is my only doubt about joining nato . 
  if economical side of the situation was solved , i would have zero doubts . 
  a deal will always be reached . 
  always . 
  i would be incredibly shocked if greece was allowed to default . 
  our economy has not had a good time . 
  first there was the global economic crisis . 
  then greece & general bad economical situation in eu . 
  just when that situation seemed to be past us , ukraine situation rises , russia sanctions hit and our economy is hit again . 
  every . 
  single . 
  year . 
  for past 5 + years analysts have said that they `` expect 0,1 - 0,3 % growth '' , then they revise growth to zero or negative and say `` but next year should be +1,0 % '' . 
  then next year it 's 0 % or negative again . 
  us economy already grows , eu economy seems to have started growing , but we are still stagnating . 
  the situation is not good . 
  i see a lot opinions and very little facts in this article . 
  first , they changed their name to `` finns party '' . 
  i believe finns party has attracted a lot of ... extremely opinionated people , but i think soini is a bit more moderate . 
  whenever racism has surfaced in party ( publicly ) , soini has crushed it very fast . 
  i think it 's easy to shout things when in opposition . 
  now is their time to show they are not all talk . 
  it 's hard to say anything about their policies , because before this election they have never been in the government . 
  if the government forming negotiations were any indication , at least they are able to compromise when necessary . 
  i 'm a bit worried about the inevitable gaffes , finns party is very prone to them . 
  last fall , the now future prime minister mentioned that he wanted to investigate the possibility of a `` basic income trial '' but i 'm not very confident it will actually be implemented . 
  from my understanding , a basic income trial is in planning but i have n't read the plan very well to see if it 's mentioned . 
  i do not support ttip and i do not want it ratified . 
  but i * am * of the opinion that most of the cuts , tax raises and reforms were good . 
  as a recent graduate , i wish i had a third semester so that i could study during summer . 
  this change alone could reduce 5 year degrees to be 4 year degrees . 
  only shows article title . 
  from bot history it seems like the article itself was supposed to be included in the picture . 
  i 'm satisfied with the plan , it had a lot of structural reforms . 
  only complaints i have are the cuts in student and unemployment benefits . 
  otherwise everything looks fine . 
  this is a return to 2007 stance . 
  our opinion is now `` have n't decided yet '' , while the 2008 - 2015 stance was `` we are not applying '' . 
  we are also investigating the pros and cons of nato membership . 
  we are in process of forming a new government . 
  military looks like to be the only branch which has its budget untouched , which is a very special treatment right now . 
  in general , people are against joining nato . 
  we are however very aware of recent ( `` recent '' ) developments in russia and take our defence very seriously . 
  i 'd estimate only way we are joining nato would be for russia to significantly increase pressure on us , or eastern europe . 
  we prefer standing on our own feet , if at all possible . 
  i got my letter , it had an actual title assigned to me !, 
  the most interesting thing to see was that they had changed my position to match my civilian career ( i 'm still in same military branch as before ) . 
  `` people want it '' ? 
  in finland the recent elections is telling a different message . 
  best way to combat piracy is to provide legal alternatives that are so convenient and easy to use that piracy becomes a hassle . 
  you ca n't eliminate piracy completely , because some people will never pay for anything . 
  but you can reduce it to insignificance . 
  do not underestimate human laziness . 
  i 'll probably be apologising when finns politicians start opening their mouths , causing us pr issues , 
  i think you are mistaking the recent elections with us being anti-eu . 
  what we are actually angry about is that somehow our government can throw billions at greece while at the same time cutting billions from our education , benefits , health care etc. 
  the billions we ** donate ** to greece are billions we desperately need ourselves . 
  my country is at the brink of financial collapse because our pro-eu leaders were completely unable to make any kind of structural reforms . 
  only cuts sprinkled with more cuts , excepting that to lead to economic growth . 
  our , what seems to be , `` attitude '' towards greece and the political situation in greece is actually the finnish people protesting government incompetence in governing finland and our economy . 
  because all pro-eu parties are too incompetent to rule , we have to try anti-eu parties ( or parties neutral towards eu ) instead . 
  us `` not willing to deepen ties within eu '' is only a side-effect of our internal struggle . 
  can you elaborate on how finland is `` a political or financial burden '' ? 
  i would prefer if uk stayed in eu . 
  i believe we benefit from each other . 
  if not , well , it will be a very interesting showcase of what the benefits of staying in eu actually are . 
  if countries see that uk was barely affected , it might break eu completely . 
  if uk is adversely affected , it will make eu stronger than ever . 
  unfortunately at the cost of uk well being . 
  but ultimately getting out of eu would have been the choice of the people and we should respect that . 
  we finally get to see what they are made of . 
  also , it 's `` finns '' : https://www.perussuomalaiset.fi/kielisivu/in-english/, 
  the refreshment rehearsals have become rare , though . 
  the budget reductions have forced them to cut them i think ? 
  it has been 10 years since i was in military , and i have n't had a single rehearsal . 
  media has made this into a way bigger matter than it really is . 
  as a finn who will be receiving one of these letters , it 'll be an interesting read . 
  nothing more . 
  as far as i know , soini & co. are mostly against immigrants that will live on social security benefits . 
  unfortunately for asylum seekers ( and similar ) , i think they fall in this category that need to worry . 
  i dearly hope that the new government can get some results done . 
  the current government has done repeated cuts and tax raises , but very little reforms . 
  we need reforms , especially on regulation front . 
  for example , from what i 've read , approval processes for a new factory can take years .
