  the u is just a stupid addition to the already stupid english language where the way you write and pronounce things make no sense . 
  what ? 
  i think it 's quite well known that finland is nordic . . i think you are mixing nordic with scandinavian as some people ( even most finns ) do n't know the answer to that . 
  ( finland is n't scandinavian , but is nordic . ), 
  nope . 
  the cold temperatures just came this week , it was like +15 daily a week ago . 
  the cold temperature is n't enough to get snow , it also needs to rain , 
  meanwhile in southern finland . . almost -10 celsius in the morning . 
  educated muslims or turks . . why not . 
  but those average muslims ( who are quite extreme in many things ) have no place in the western society with their values . . 
  the only thing that sucks about winters is not the cold , it 's the darkness . 
  if theres loads of snow , it 's quite light outside due to the snow , but if there 's no snow like last winter . . it 's going to be dark 15 + hours a day ( and the light is when you are at school/work ) for several months . 
  umm , i 'm pretty sure every half decent house has a heating system . . 
  now i 'm worried . . please muslims ... we do n't want you . 
  many years ? 
  that 's an understatement was n't it like 600 years ? 
  [ this website . 
  ] ( http://www.votewatch.eu/ ), 
  no shit, 
  you can see the percentage on the bottom half of the map . 
  we are at 30 % approval , while other nordics are at around 20 % . 
  yeah . . and what the hell would they gain from us ? 
  do you seriously think we 'd happily join russia ? 
  majority of eastern ukraine speaks russian and are ethnic russians , follow the russian media . . definitely not the case here . 
  meh , we just do n't want to give others ( eu ) more control over us . 
  no . . just no . 
  the real winners in a federation would be the big nations and we , smaller nations , would have even less power . 
  finnish , english , some swedish . 
  americans think he lives on the north pole . . smh, 
  yeah , no thanks . 
  this was here just a couple days ago with a large number of upvotes . . it 's a dirty repost . 
  almost no belgians ... yeah . . immigration sure is great !, 
  yeah . . maybe i should change my wifi name ... 
  they are just stating the fact that the general public has known/suspected for years . 
  umm . . actually the finnish `` fbi/cia '' said that . 
  using drugs is good ? 
  what ? 
  a seven year old is n't often a quick enough reader though , that 's the thing . 
  so you want kids who ca n't read at all/well to not enjoy the movie ? 
  makes no sense . 
  special education , you mean those retards ? 
  / s no , but really , we used to call those in the special education retards . . fun times . 
  there is homework , and yes it 's from 1st grade onwards , has n't changed . 
  most western european countries have had this for 5-10 + years though . . 
  meanwhile trumps ( and his supporters ) opinion about freedom of expression is that only the opinions that he agrees upon are correct and anything that says bad about him should be silenced . 
  oh , i know what 'll happen to freedom of expression when trump gets into power . . 
  because we 'd win every time . 
  not that there 's anything wrong in that , 
  yeah , but they do n't have their own apartment . . would make no sense to get one just for the occasional weekend at home . 
  move out at 18 ? 
  what ? 
  high school/vocational school ends the year you turn 19 , almost nobody moves out before that ends . 
  also men have to go the army for 0,5-1 year during which they live at the army campus and weekends at parents ( would make no sense to get an own apartment just for the occasional weekend ) . 
  which means men usually move out when they are about 20 years old or so . 
  these people do n't necessarily live on a campus , but just in a small apartment somewhere near the university . 
  most people here move out when they start studying in a university/polytechnic . 
  those kinds of speeds cost around 30 euros a month here . 
  umm . . meanwhile all american films here are with subs . . which is 100x better than with dubs . 
  it 's banned to sell , not to use . 
  lots of finns travel to sweden to buy snus aswell . 
  not legal to sell . . but a lot of people take a ferry to sweden and buy a bunch of snus and sell it to their friends etc. 
  how do you define pre obese ? 
  is it the same as overweight ? 
  hahahahahaha wait . . hahahaha they are patrolling all the time making sure you do not surpass the 7 ( !!! ), 
  km/h limit on which you get an over 200 euro fine . 
  how come ? 
  it 's a different dialect , sure , but is it in your opinion correct to call it brazilian portuguese then ? 
  well ... skiing has become very boring with norway winning everything . . i knew they were cheating . 
  seriously ... why is everyone so interested in nato ? 
  russia was just having a vacation there , no worries . 
  some people have no problem with people being gay , but the problem is that they marry . 
  for them , marriage is between a man and a woman and i can totally see that . 
  yeah , i would n't like that with sweden to be honest . 
  denmark seems to be smarter about the refugee crisis . 
  it was warm up until the last week or so . 
  now it 's about +10 during the days and around +0 to +5 in the mornings here in the south of finland . 
  there 's no way that there 's snow in poland , unless it 's on a mountain . 
  depends largely on the household though . . a heated garage does n't mean you are rich and vice versa . 
  it was more for me that kalju means bald in finnish . 
  kaljulaid ... what a name . 
  yeah , but unlike us , only some of you have to go to the army . 
  here every man is forced to go to the army for 6-12 months or 1 year of civil service . 
  otherwise you 'll get jail time . 
  no no and no . 
  there 's not too many people in europe/americas , there 's too many people in africa and asia . 
  still too many . 
  germany tries to make a joke . 
  it 's ineffective . 
  not completely , but they are yeah . 
  they are basically dialects , but have their own governments/countries which is why they are languages . 
  there is no overpopulation in the west . . idiots do n't realise that the overpopulation is in asia and africa ... 
  finland can into germania . 
  people seem to hate nationalists , when they are the only ones with sense left . 
  they also seem to be the ones who want 1 million refugees to every country . 
  eesti can not into nordic, 
  yeah . . really accurate for finland considering that in the winter it can be around 0 celsius in the south , and -30 or more in the north at the same time . 
  yep , the russian tzar wanted to keep the finns happy , because he feared the finns would side with the swedes if they attacked and wanted finland back . 
  i meant that i should move to germany because they have more loose speed limits and very small fines for speeding . 
  yup , time to move to germany . 
  of course it is . . the november attacks killed close to 100 people .
