  badly . . i wish our stupid politicians would cut spending on foreign aid , we 'd have a lot less problems . 
  good job . 
  [ meanwhile in sweden . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw3e64soseg ), 
  sorry estonians , but i just found tallinn quite boring compared to other capitals i have visited . 
  it 's definitely overrated among finns . 
  it 's actually an official minority language in finland too . 
  atleast we have a say in our national politics , whereas in the eu we are a insignificant minority . 
  do n't let countries decide for themselves !, 
  it 's a beer which is drunk with food , especially in restaurants . 
  i believe children often drink it too . 
  koff tastes terrible imo . 
  hahahaha . 
  there is no way that is going to ever happen . 
  russian is already optional in high school ( age 16 + ) , whereas german/french are since the age of 10 . 
  this result is just because of the increasing trade with russia and tourism on the eastern border . 
  how ? 
  i do n't think size matters in this case . . then you could just leave us out of every statistic . 
  where are the nordic countries ? 
  the difference is that finland was a part of sweden for about 600 years . . 
  true , but just wanted to put it out there . 
  that 's what they said in 1939 too though . . 
  umm ... like the sobiet union did n't do pretty much as bad things ? 
  yeah . . just because some indians helped to program google does n't make google indian . 
  it 's a joke mate, 
  except swedes literally live in trash cans compared to us . 
  perkele they had no winter war, 
  well . . he did break the law by seeding it to others . 
  but i agree , our law system is kinda fucked up . 
  you get very little penalties for rape , murder etc , but downloading tv series illegally is very bad it seems . 
  even for assault you 'll get 10 times less fines than for sharing files . 
  there probably are though , you just do n't hear about them . 
  i thought so too , but actually it was only because the producer of a couple tv series ( black sails and a walk among tombstones iirc ) hired a law firm to hand out these letters . 
  i recommend using vpn 's nowadays . . lots of people in finland got caught torrenting and got sent letters which said they would have to pay hundreds , if not thousands of euros . 
  one guy refused to pay and went to court . 
  well ... now he has a debt of about 50000 euros . 
  since when is 170cm not short for a man ? 
  or somalian pirates dreamland ? 
  just do n't make the rest of nordics be under swedish rule . 
  anything but swedish politics . 
  russia would be glad to accept them . 
  why exactly would iceland or faroe islands be considered to be in scandinavia ? 
  scandinavia is defined by a mix of geographical location , language and history . 
  finns in this subreddit have a massive boner for estonia , which does not reflect the rest of us . 
  exactly . 
  for some reason people think that just because there are `` too many '' people on earth , does n't mean that too many is in europe . 
  small mentality, 
  vegan or vegetarian , i do n't care or know the difference . 
  some eat eggs , milk , fish etc. 
  everyone is as much delusional . 
  we have never had kes\u00e4keitto in school , but i have tasted it and it 's decent . 
  vegan soups are decent , but the `` meats/steaks '' are terrible . 
  well a couple years ago we still were taught about it atleast . 
  yeah . . we have carrot steaks ( absolutely terrible ) etc and all kinds of vegetables mixed with something to make it look like meat , but taste like shit . 
  we did , i never said we did n't ? 
  i just said when we had vegan food , which was pretty much atleast once a week on average , it tasted terrible . 
  yeah , we still are taught about it and it 's pretty much in posters all over our school ( or atleast was in my previous school a couple years ago ) . 
  so what should you eat then if not macaroni/pasta or potatoes ? 
  atleast here in finland potatoes are a big part of our `` food triangle '' and they are considered healthy . 
  agree , vegan `` steaks '' always taste terrible . 
  what ? 
  what is it with people thinking meat or potatoes makes you fat ? 
  it 's all about how many calories you take in , and potatoes and meat are pretty damn essential food for humans . 
  i fucking hate it . 
  almost every vegetarian food tastes like shit and most people hate it . 
  thank you for ruining our school food a little more vegetarians . . edit : what the hell ? 
  people do n't eat meat for ** environmental ** reasons ? 
  i thought it was because they feel pity for all those delicious pigs and cows we slaughter . 
   i really wank to visit iceland you do ? 
  jeesh . . what is it with people nowadays . . 
  but most of europe does n't want 1 european country/federation . 
  pretty much yeah . 
  the britain ca n't leave europe , you can only leave the eu . . unless you make your island a huge boat of course . 
  i doubt you have seen either one :d, 
  i said it was a joke among europeans . 
  nobody said brits ca n't be gorgeous . 
  i just said that the average brit is considered uglier than mainland europeans . 
  i do n't think we have seen the same scots . 
  have you seen british women ? 
  are n't they considered one of the ugliest in europe ? 
  excepr the average american is still poorer than the average western european . 
  your gdp per capita is just inflated similarly to countries in the middle east by having many millionaires/billionaires . 
  germany/gdp per capita 46,268.64 usd ( 2013 ) but i believe these might be a bit lower for us atm , as we still have n't bounced back from the depression of 2008 . 
  norway/gdp per capita 100,818.50 usd ( 2013 ) finland/gdp per capita 49,146.65 usd ( 2013 ) united kingdom/gdp per capita 41,787.47 usd ( 2013 ) poland/gdp per capita 13,647.96 usd ( 2013 ) well . . it depends where you are from . 
  what a douchebag . 
  it 's sweden for almost every finn , but somehow this subreddit is mostly pro-estonia , which differs greatly from the general opinion . 
  how come i do n't believe this . .1000 years ago was n't that long time ago . 
  at that time there were kingdoms in britain , denmark etc. 
  seems like russians have a bad memory . . * cough * ukraine 2014 * cough *, 
  what ? 
  why could n't you wear anything you want to ? 
  edit : oh yeah . . uk is a little slow in progress . 
  guys . 
  pick me a country to root for . 
  edit : i just want sweden to lose !, 
  some of them are pretty true , but some of them are very extreme . 
  like . . who would seriously rather stand in a heavy rain than be in a shelter ? 
  the answer is : only the very extreme cases . 
  or sharing an elevator , i doubt it 's anything desired in other countries , but i do n't really see a problem with it especially if you pay no attention to each other . 
  the finns in / r/europe probably are n't they most social people you can find ( me included ) and whenever i browse this subreddit it gives you very extreme views about all finns being anti-social which is simply not true . 
  i agree that it 's kind of a part of our culture to just stay silent about things and not really talk to strangers ( like americans seem to do ) , but i remind you that do n't blindly believe everything you read here .
