  i found it really funny and it also reminded me of those years i spent on studying german . 
  `` se '' meaning `` it '' yes , we talk about people as `` it '' . 
  for example `` he comes '' would usually be said `` it comes '' in finnish, 
  yeah , only a few languages are still well alive . 
  going towards russia is never a good idea . 
  i do know that , but i meant that it 's too much for what you use of it , for example if you use 3gb all the time and you have 16gb then yes it is too much . 
  only 16gb ? 
  you do know that more than 8gb is often too much , you can easily get along with 4gb . 
  yep , people think being neutral helps at something , but if russia really wants to invade finland , it would n't matter . 
  darkness . . 
  so sweden is the usa of northern europe ? 
  freedom !, 
  yes , but only in loan words . 
  [ obligatory . 
  ] ( http://i414.photobucket.com/albums/pp221/the_missourian/633511023806381728-finland---be-afraid-very-afraid.jpg ), 
  why the hell do they want this ? 
  why are we europeans going to american level of stupidity ? 
  of course you have to think you are the best , it 's a motivational speech . 
  i find nothing strange in that tbh . 
  most finns want to stay in the eu as we are n't in nato so we have some kind of connection to other european countries . 
  yey let us all cheer !, 
  how is iceland not there ? 
  would n't consider any one of them western tbh . 
  that 's only my opinion though . 
  yes . 
  rather live here than on any other continent , it feels safe even though russia is next to us . 
  sweden , those chicks . . and the cultures are very alike . 
  us or uk as the language would n't be much of a problem there . 
  those south-eastern countries are hard . . 
  haha , typical stupid russians . 
  god i hate them . . good luck coming here . 
  so did i ? 
  maybe read my post again . 
  russian empire yes , for a 100 years . 
  before that the swedish empire for 600 years . 
  we were never part of the soviet union though . 
  just because the languages are related , does n't mean the cultures are . 
  i 'd say finns have more in common with swedes compared to estonians . . after all we were under the swedish rule for what . .600 years ? 
  wtf ? 
  so i ca n't vote that i want none of them in europe ? 
  most of those are right . 
  trump was pro iraq too before it came popular to say you are anti-iraq . 
  from youtube poops yes . 
  niin is more like `` yes ? '', 
  to someone asking `` where are you '' for example . 
  kyl is just a abbreviation of `` kyll\u00e4 '' joo is `` yes '' to an question , just like in swedish . 
  someone asks you if some food was good and you 'll answer `` joo '' , not `` kyll\u00e4 '' most of the times . 
  `` jep '' is a yes as in agreeing with something . 
  rest are just different ways of saying `` joo '' . 
  russia is literally anti-eu . . they wo n't be joining the eu anytime soon , maybe in the distant future though . 
  swedish is a lot easier than german imo . 
  oh damn did n't know that . 
  how many times have you been to finland ? 
  somehow this subreddit is heavily biased towards estonia . . it 's a miracle . 
  foreigners reading this subreddit get this image of us being best buddies of estonia when in real life that 's not the case . . 
  i am sorry to tell you , but most finns would definitely not like to merge with estonia . 
  i am glad i do n't live in germany now . 
  the citizens must be pissed . 
  most countries do n't really need it as they have no enemies as neighbours unlike we do . 
  well . . we do have `` good english '' , but we are usually ranked around 5th , behind other nordic countries + netherlands . 
  it 's probably the same in whole europe tho . . 
  i 've never even heard of this . . can you provide some `` proof '' or source for this ? 
  and i am not complaining we were treated badly , i am just telling that it was n't all flowers and fairies when we were under the swedish rule compared to the russian rule . 
  because swedes treated us badly aswell ? 
  there has been no snow on christmas for 3 years in a row now tho . . edit : atleast in southern finland . 
  but best lapland is in finland though ... 
  ussr was one of the superpowers and we were just a small country , of course we had to suck up to them . 
  we did n't want to be invaded again . 
  lets just say that it worked out pretty well for us . . you guys on the other hand . . 
  finns having a boner for russia ? 
  uhmm what ? 
  [ a poll conducted by gallup international which suggests that 23 % of estonians see russia in negative light ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-russian_sentiment#estonia ) [ according to polls in 2004 , 62 % of finnish citizens had a negative view of russia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-russian_sentiment#finland ) from what i have read , about 25-30 % of estonians are ethnic russians , why would you guys hate your own country ? 
  it is , but for some reason people on this subreddit have a huge boner for estonia and think it could actually become nordic . 
  i 've asked my friends about this and they all seem to share my opinion of estonia being a poor ex-soviet country that 's full of cheap vodka and prostitutes , basically russia . 
  you can sort of get this image that all finns love estonia and think they are our `` buddies '' when a small percentage outside reddit thinks so . 
  i have some portuguese friends and i have to say portuguese sounds a lot like a slavic language . 
  my friend wondered why they understand spanish , but the spaniards do n't understand them . . well , i am not surprised . 
  well , they do n't even speak finnish there :d, 
   only one i know atleast . 
  not really , russia has no reason to invade finland . 
  also , comparing to the situation in ukraine where the area that was invaded about 80-100 % of the people spoke russian there , where as in finland about 1 % speak russian and those are immigrants . 
  most of our russian immigrants are also wealthier than the average russian . 
  so the situation between ukraine and finland is very very different . 
  depends on the country though . . for example russia is finland 's 3rd biggest trade partner so these sanctions definitely hit us . 
  really ? 
  i could understand that if you were black ( who are very rare outside the greater helsinki area ) or just old people who are not used to foreigners . 
  yeah , but the point is that people in finland are used to having snow in the winter . 
  you have to remember as a foreigner you will be treated differently though . 
  winter would be awesome , only if there would be loads of snow . . but the lack of snow makes the world much darker . . 
  how far ago is back then ? 
  looks pretty much the same . 
  you have to remember , do these countries want to unite ? 
  i for one would not like to share politics with the swedes . 
  it tastes really good when you add milk and sugar to it . 
  i would n't say thats a bad sense of humor . 
  not nearly every european country can buy alcohol at 16 ... most are 18 . 
  quite free , but their freedom of expression on the other hand ... they ca n't even say sieg heil and heil hitler publicly . 
  like seriously ? 
  it 's a moose .
