guess i 'll have to vote next year than . 
  i planned to stay away from it , but now that the brits and the americans both fucked up it 's kinda up to us or france to save some part of the world . 
  just imagine le pen win in france and petry in germany . 
  please do n't do this french guys . 
  i hope we wo n't be that stupid , too . 
  he should wait til our own election next year . 
  we just lost the brits and got trump as the new potus . 
  i can see us electing the likes of petry for chancellor now . 
  i would n't be so sure about that one . 
  it 's easy to say turkey is great if you do n't have to live there . 
  to be fair , it 's easy to call others nazis if you are sackdoof , feige und verklemmt . 
  come at me erdogan . 
  ca n't wait for merkel to apologize and `` warn '' erdogan again . 
  yeah but that 's only in munich . 
  a real `` party in the whole country '' thing is only when there 's a major football tournament . 
  god i love that language . 
  i 've been to the koningsdag , i had an absolute blast . 
  i wish we had something like that here in germany . 
  god i wish someone like \u00d6zdemir would just tell him to fuck off . 
  at least you have a royal family to cheer at . 
  thank god all these americans on here told me about the sharia police roaming germany . 
  i practiced my salute this morning , jumped in my burqa and went on an adventure run . 
  you know , dodging stones and shit on my way to my pork and infidel-free butcher . 
  third times the charm . 
  what makes me question his motives to visit a nazi-filled country . 
  what would his business be there ? 
  not the netherlands problem . 
  so why do n't we start a ` draw the prophet ' day on reddit ? 
  they ca n't get us all . 
  for every german on holidays before we had internet everywhere . 
  when greece put a hitler-mustache on merkel in a newspaper the media here went furious . 
  but it 's okay as long it 's about trump i guess . 
  he gets shit on here on a daily basis . 
  and we are n't even affected by him . 
  funny how we germans are the one to make such a cover . 
  i still remember the media outrage and huge political discussion about how far media and satire can go when greece put a hitler-mustache on merkel . 
  a little off topic , but are there really soldiers on the street ? 
  is there a special event this week or is this period since the recent attacks ? 
  just giving away what the media reports atm . 
  or he played truck driving simulator 2017 . 
  these games turn people into murderers . 
  ard reports polish truck with polish driver . 
  non-german media reports about a stolen truck with polish licence and a kurdish driver . 
  german here - again we have divided news reports . 
  ard ( state tv ) talks about ` not being sure that it was an act of terror and that the driver was a polish citizen ' , while other news report of ' a truck with polish licence plate and a kurdish driver ' . 
  just keep an arm lengh distance . 
  or when it 's karneval time everywhere . 
  he 's just there to shake hands and put his signature on stuff . 
  let the afd win next year , or let the art school in vienna reject another misunderstood landscape artist , and we 'll be one country again soon . 
  so the wehrmachts-uniform was n't army uniform ? 
  i was like that at first , too . 
  but years later i would n't want to miss out my time there . 
  still have many friends because of our time together . 
  still you used to have normal people in the millitary . 
  now you have people who willingly sign up for it because they like guns , violence and money . 
  if you had to spend your mandatory time ( no matter how boring and stupid it was ) the public eye of the bundeswehr would be way better . 
  and think about the thousands of young germans who would deny the service and go to the elderly homes . 
  all these people are missing now . 
  i lost my grandfather in ww2 , too . 
  mine died in a concentration camp . 
  he was drunk and fell off a watch tower . 
  sounds like german mid-20s visiting mallorca . 
  but it 's not really a foregin country for us , it 's the 17th bundesland . 
  aside from the historical part of drseden , dresden ( and many other cities in the eastern part of germany ) have a big number of nazi-support . 
  but he did it in the left-wing-part of it , in dresden-neustadt . 
  the energy rwe guys ? 
  more like 18 beers . 
  or a wegbier for your way home . 
  and a d\u00f6ner in the other hand . 
  probably took the wrong arm . 
  or because he 's american . 
  not yet . 
  just wait until we are one big country again . 
  the american overseas dream . 
  drive 300 on the autobahn , drink beer in munich , do the nazi salute . 
  for non-germans : that sounds all fine and all , but it went so far that they were forced/orderd to take pictures of former chancellors in army uniform down . 
  apparently everyone who goes to the bundeswehr is a nazi in the public eye . 
  should n't have taken down the wehrpflicht for everyone in the first place . 
  of course , but it 's not the typical accent russians have when speaking german . 
  he speaks phenomenal . 
  he even lacks the typical russian-accent . 
  10 + years of living and working in germany ( and the best kgb schools i guess ) do that for you . 
  merkel speaks russian ( since ddr history ) and putin speaks fluent german ( since , well , ddr history ) . 
  `` angela , how do you get a jewish girls number ? '', 
  * oh god not again * `` roll up her sleeve '', 
  do n't give them too much trouble , they ca n't even play football . 
  ah yes . 
  i 'm stupid . 
  i thought `` what the hell does ` jack 4 ss 92 ' mean . 
  but muh refugee and sharia law . 
  and all the burqas . 
  and public executions . 
  i ca n't even buy pork anymore . 
  the last thing the world should want is more power to germany . 
  because that worked so well the last time . 
  vote for the guy ? 
  is n't armed police/millitary on the streets and near toursty areas a typical french thing ? 
  ah yes , the big schleswig-holstein election !, 
  i was promised conquest , concentration camps and instant nukes on russia right after trump was elected . 
  you all lied to me .
