  the eu is far from perfect but it doesnt really matter how the people personally feeld , the numbers are clear that the eu is benificial for the uk . 
  just for the record before someone is going to tell me that , i know the its also beneficial for the eu . 
  no of course not but i wasnt going to argue the pro and cons because i dont know enough of the whole ordeal . 
  as someone said above you cant just switch pilots and engineers with military ones . 
  in the case above the air traffic controlls are mostly the same systems . 
  this comment is showing exactly why politicians have to pander instead of doing whats right . 
  no clue about the issue but a strong opinion . 
  thats what happends if you overpay year after year you get something back instead of having to pay extra because you underpaid . 
  seems rather easy to understand but some people like to ignore raw facts . 
  easier to blame the eu than solving their own domestic problems . 
  most of them are support staff for logistic and medic . 
  edit : they are needed by the us for forceprojection . 
  its not like they are there out of love . 
  not sure if you dont want to understand me or if my english is worse than i thought . 
  are you going to tell me that uk , france and us each know every position of each piece of nuclear arsenal ? 
  thats what would happen if europes nuclear arsenal falls under nato command . 
  same goes for countries that have us ownd warheads stationed . 
  germany has officialy around 20 of them that doesnt mean they know the placemtns of every single us ownd warhead . 
  of course i dont fear that the us will invade the europe in five years but can you tell me what will happen in 50-100 years ? 
  alsoi think nato is great as defense pact as it was intented or atleast that way it was sold to the public . 
  last but not least the existens of nukes shouldnt be held a secret i was talking about specific placement , amount , capabilities etc. 
  should of course kept a secret even from current allies . 
  i dont see how this could ever be regarded as countroversial . 
  i dont have a problem with nato , i actually think its great . 
  if the eu ever gets one ( federalized ) army their nukes should never play a role in natos planning . 
  everything about them should be kept secret from everyone who isnt in the eu . 
  nukes are for the worst case and i think they should be handled this way , plan for everything you can imagen and more . 
  which includes a war with the usa , would be better if we didnt share every detail beforehand . 
  lets just hope it never comes to that there are quite a few people who think everyone should give up their nuclear arsenal but thats a bad idea . 
  best example is pakistan and india , pretty sure they would be at war if both didnt have nuclear weapons that make sure neither will win in the end . 
  i would prefer a proper european army with a nuclear arsenal , but thats is not going to happen any time soon and most like not for decades if ever . 
  france and the uk should keep theirs and others should follow . 
  and no we can not have this under nato because europe should not rely on america to always be nice to us . 
  it would be good to have something that makes getting invaded ( more or less ) impossible , we never now what will happen in the next 100 years . 
  but can you even imagine the british tabloids if germany were to build a nuclear arsenal or even thinking about it . 
  i assume he is flying . 
  not sure about poland but in germany forcing the plain down with snowden on it would be political suicide . 
  plus i guess the plain will have russian and/or swiss officails on board . 
   neutrality just lets the innocent get trampled obvously its better to kill thousands of innocent yourself , call them collateral damage and then also feeling good about it . 
  i dont agree with the stand of germany but some of your comments are just sad . 
  hamburg should just be a own country . 
  like monaco . 
  because as we all know only muslims hate jews . 
  i mean history shows that very clearly ... 
   you have europe 's only patriot system why would you think that ? 
  i dont know about the specifics but there are a few different version of it . 
  if i were to believe wikipedia germany has twelve of them and a few of them are or going to use modern systems which were designed for meads . 
  also spain and greek have patriot systems . 
  poland has certified teams , they got a system from the us for training . 
  the odds of anyone in europe or northamerica getting killed by a terrorist attack is hilariously small . 
   the important thing is you were born german . 
  okay . 
  and thank god for that . 
  i am happy to be born in germany . 
  why should i be `` proud '' of my birthplace thats just so random to me . 
  the results of this kind of reasoning can you see in france . 
  true but plenty of european countries went in . 
  uk , italy , poland , netherlands , romania , bulgaria , denmark , czech republic , hungary , portugal and a few more . 
  can you now explain how this '' ... sacrifice our soldiers for a bunch of people who do n't give a fuck about us ... '' has anything to do with having bases in europe ? 
  i actually agree to an extend . 
  i think european nations need to spend more money on defense . 
  on the otherside if the us would close shop in europe tomorrow we would be as safe as we are today without increasing spending . 
  only countries like france would have trouble running around africa . 
  also nato isnt just benificial for europe or what do you think would have happend in iraq and afgahnistan if the us went in alone . 
   the idea that we would sacrifice our soldiers for a bunch of people who do n't give a fuck about us is disgusting . 
  your soldiers dont die because you got bases in europe , they die in war zones like iraq and afghanistan . 
  neither of those wars got started because of europe . 
  they die for us politics . 
  please explain how this has anything to do with our conversation . 
  ps : european soldiers died for a lie by american politicians lets not pretend the us is the only one with grieving families . 
  the us gets influence and they are allowed to build their bases in european countries . 
  plus they get access to stuff they shouldnt for example s.w.i.f.t. . did you think the us is doing this out of love ? 
  that wouldnt even cover my rent ... 
  i wonder why it took so long to find out that these and other parts are transmitting `` home '' . 
  in this article we have shipper and a former transportation minister who want to spend money on infrastructur . 
  suprise . 
   but next year , hamburg 's soaring k\u00f6hlbrand bridge , which joins the city 's port to its mainland , will undergo major reconstruction , cutting the number of lanes from four to two for much of the year . 
  `` in the near future , we will have a crisis , '' osse said ... now they do spend money to modernise and it is wrong again ? 
  does he want them to build a complete new bridge ? 
  i dont even think that there is enough space to do so . 
  i agree that we ( germany ) needs to spend more money as at the moment but i doubt its as bad as the article makes it out to be . 
  if im wrong please correct me . 
   even hitler did n't do that ... 
  he needed someone to store all the gold :p, 
  its not more a threat than icbms or other nuclear weapons . 
   russia 's decision to put iskander missiles in kaliningrad confirms that threats have not gone away . 
  what ? 
   europe 's defence industry is also crying out for consolidation thats not a reasson to spend more money on millitary . 
   if there were ever such a thing as a european army , it would probably do nothing . 
  which has nothing to with not having the military strenght needed . 
   congressman mike rogers warns the eu that inviting snowden to speak would damage ongoing trade talks this is bad why ? 
   the eu currently ca n't do anything about the us setting up torture camps in lithuania , romania and poland . 
  yes they can , they just choose not to . 
  pretty sure you do n't want to see what happens if germany leaves and stops the money flow . 
  the problem isnt money . 
  also the us isnt in europe because we need protection they are ( still ) here because they need a lot of the bases . 
  no wars in the middle east without rammstein airbase or the base ( es ) in turkey . 
  also nuclear warheads are stationed in germany or at least they are sitting here around not sure how launch ready they actually are . 
  im fine with arrogant . 
  the internet teached us this not the schools , sorry .
