  how do people still think that trump isnt the textbook definition of elite ? 
   poll-by-poll governing career politicians merkel goes with her voters : * wow she only cares about polls . 
  * merkel goes against her voters : * wow she should listen to her people !, 
  arent all the big chains making record profits for years ? 
   which makes sense , since using a credit card is accompanied by a 2-5 % fee . 
  doubt anyone would care if the doner would cost 10 cents more . 
  i do n't understand this sentiment on reddit , nobody here said anything about not letting them decide . 
  in the end they also have to bear the consequences of their vote . 
  if you say or do something nice its now ` virtue signaling ' . 
  pretty sad to be honest . 
   because `` sieg heiling '' is totally the same and comparable to what happened in hamburg . 
  go read up on nsu before you talk about `` sieg heiling '' . 
  the german president has to sign every law and can veto it . 
  i mean we all saw how the verfassungsschutz works did n't we ? 
   i can sleep just fine . 
  i know people who would sleep through bombing runs . 
  this argument is just as useless as the other straw-mans in your comment . 
   and hell a few people have now died nobody died during the protests the last days . 
   it 's an inconvenience bo fucking hoo , get on with your life and  i 'm comparing damage and disruption to civilian lives . 
  and hell a few people have now died , so yes i 'm comparing these clearly violent protest to terrorist acts . 
  first you say people are whining without cause and are all stupid and now you argue that the protest the last few days are comparable to bombing and truck attacks ? 
  you are even arguing with yourself . 
   so that makes blowing up cars 100 % justified . 
  stop building straw-mans . 
   you sound like a spoiled brat screaming muh helicopter sound . 
  always good hearing personal opinions from people who have a hard time reading two sentences in a row . 
   the thing i never get about these mass chaos protests with g20 is how the army is not called in to arrest these guys ? 
  you do n't understand what would happen if someone dies on either side . 
  if you think this is bad , the city will burn to the ground . 
  the left scene in hamburg is one of the best organized in europe . 
  kinda sad that i had to repeat that statement multiple times . 
   like the meeting has to be held somewhere not in a tightly build city like hamburg and especially not right next to a known left-scene stronghold . 
   people are complaining that there 's too many helicopters and it annoys them . 
  wtf of a reason is this ? 
  fucking people thinking they need to sleep at night . 
  helicopters and planes flying throughout the night are happening for over two weeks now of course it is annoying . 
   this would probably be a net positive if people would just fucking chill . 
  everyone with a brain knew people would n't just chill . 
   much more than any terrorist attack has achieved recently . 
  short memory much or are you really comparing burning cars with killing people ? 
   frankly i think the average young hamburger is a total idiot . 
  frankly , your statement makes me think you are the * total idiot * here . 
   clients who knowingly make use of the services provided by people who have been forced into prostitution will be penalized . 
  they were n't before ? 
  oo most of it looks fine but i do n't think local registrations is the way to here . 
  and yet france has to buy power from germany because they ca n't cool their plants in the summer . 
  the students ( obv ) and the police . 
   b-b-but it states something contrary to my beliefs !, 
  no it states something contrary to the facts stated by two of the three parties involved . 
   sounds like a place you can walk down the street in safety unless you were in the sun to long and got a tan then you will get spit on . 
  sure , i am not saying that the ` other ' side is innocent . 
  but there were also at least two instances when the police beat up their own undercovers in the crowd , badly . 
  which to me at least shows that they are n't really concerned who they beat up . 
  like i said i have no problems with cops , they are mostly doing a fine job . 
   they manage to get unruly and aggressive drunks into the drunk tank without bashing their teeth in and rarely have to fire shot . 
  this is true for day-to-day stuff but the riot police is known in hamburg to go overboard without reason . 
  a lot of his arguments are outdated or outright wrong , like voting rights . 
  not sure why anyone should get his disinformation from this video . 
  in paris , yes . 
  do n't know about other cities . 
  same thing in germany btw only difference we do n't use soldiers but federal police with smgs , also at least 15 years . 
   no need to lie * rolleyes *, 
   that 's the new norm in france , and people get used to it new ? 
  its like this for 20 something years . 
  sounds like a well thought out measurement to me . 
  you got my vote !, 
  your comment would make some sense if people started to vote for parties that are against building tall towers because of this fire . 
  jo cox was like the definition of right wing terrorism . 
  germany has plenty of it too . 
   there is talk of reform and renewal , not revolution . 
  or that france used the emergency laws to arrest as many people as possible . 
  convictions would be actually interesting to compare . 
  man you sound bitter . 
  i guess you are just living up to the stereotype . 
  which makes diplomatic immunity useless to begin with , he should read up on why there is immunity to begin with . 
  also this was apparently accident and not a crime , making this discussion moot . 
  yes why would someone just go and visit a public park that they also got invited to by the city that owns said public park . 
  next time try to read the article instead of trusting shitty headlines . 
  these threads are always a goldmine if you love tagging racists . 
   the solution here seems pretty simple . 
  diplomats needs to be confirmed by both countries . 
  so simple that it is exactly how it is currently works . 
   diplomatic immunity should not be valid in the result of a death . 
  your solution to an accident is making diplomatic immunity completely useless ? 
   a fire alarm not connected to some central system would not really help . 
  in most situations the smoke will reach you some time before the fire , even having a minute warning can be the difference between life and death . 
  failed in life as in not being born on third base ? 
   meanwhile , no german party has made an official statement against a referendum showing that nobody even cares enough to comment . 
  i knew i could n't be the only one who checked that first . 
   sovereignty . 
  every country is free to leave at any time . 
  the german defense minister asked for access and got denied that is enough to move our troops away from the base . 
  because of one mp you deny the defense minister access to her own troops ? 
  sounds like you need a better bank . 
  i can do pretty much everything online . 
   it opens the possibility of someone hitting the window with a laser microphone i am pretty sure the windows are a few layers thick ( same in the white house ) which makes laser microphones and your third point moot . 
   it 's high time we reinstate the draft we should pay and train our volunteer soldiers better instead of relying on cannon fodder . 
  he is not saying it , he is just asking questions / s, 
  lets see how this goes if they lose a big chunck of the financial sector . 
  last time i checked it accounts for around 10 % of the uks gdp .
