  people please wait for official confirmation . 
  germany did actually used them first in wwii . 
   of course it 's possible . 
  so why is n't more use made out of it with all these issues that obviously cause a lot of strife within the eu ? 
  because most countries are agreing with germany ? 
  same shit with greece the past year . 
  germany is just a nice big easy targer ( i do feel kinda bad for americans on reddit ) . 
  because it gets you much more media attention doing it in a country like france ? 
  you comment sounds like the good old ' i have a stone against tiger and never got attacked by one ' . 
   let 's fulfil their wish . 
  massive force . 
  and be prepared to stay 100 years . 
  i hope you are the first one in line to go . 
  apart from the fact that two worldpowser already tried and failed . 
   not a bad idea in my books . 
  what could possibly go wrong . 
  this whole thread is rewriting history , not even funny anymore . 
   but at least you could say that wars were fought by soldiers , civilians died but they were not the main targets . 
  go read some history books before you spout nonsense like this . 
   think how easy it is to smuggle a single grenade from a warzone . 
  i bet it 's easy . 
  or you could just buy the stuff that comes from east europe . 
  much easier . 
   gps tracking ? 
  paying with an app ? 
  both of which were possible in germany before uber . 
  i do love uber for their black limo service though , too bad they stoped it in hamburg . 
   with any luck vw will end up bankrupt . 
  lucky ? 
  man people on here have no fucking clue what they are talking about . 
   the financial times , citing unnamed european ministers and officials , reported that britain is seeking an `` emergency brake '' to allow countries which are in the eu but outside the euro zone to delay decisions that could threaten their interests . 
  good old `` you ca n't have your cake and eat it '' . 
  that you have to argue with the people making the complain , i just showed you that they had two good reasons to fire him . 
  as i already stated your `` ideas ca n't be illegal '' quote makes for a nice soundbite but is not applicable in this case . 
  something doesnt have to be illegal to be a viable ground for firing . 
  its right there in the article :  hundreds of kurds and germans complained on the university 's facebook page that an institution of higher education should be an example of tolerance and not employ somebody who openly supports racism . 
  he also lied about it to the university :  `` contrary to the statements which the research assistant had immediately made after the publication of the hate speech on twitter to the university management , the university of ilmenau has come to know of similar incidents in the past . 
  due to the new findings , the university sees the relationship of trust irretrievably shattered and therefore terminates the employment contract . '', 
   why should he loose a job in university over his personal opinions expressed out of work ? 
  he stated it publicly on twitter which makes the university look bad . 
  legality has nothing to do with it . 
  that title ...  asked about the possibility that the two pilots and a mechanic were kidnapped by unknown parties , moren\u00e9s said that `` that is not the only feasible [ option ] , nor the most likely one . '', 
   so if i publicly sympathised with a dead nazi in germany , i would get a fine and possibly jail time . 
  you wouldnt . 
  so let them adopt . 
  we have more than enough kids that would benefit from being adopted and growing up in a good family instead of living in a protectory . 
  yes and what exactly is the downside of allowing it ? 
  one of the only issues that actually makes me a little ashamed for my country . 
  it is such a minor thing in the grandscale , it doesnt hurt anyone and has virtually no downside . 
  he would love that , much more money to steal in germany than in hungary . 
  maybe a bit harder though . 
   that wall should have been on the border with turkey not in the center of europe . 
  i will just repeat myself , that was more or less the ( german ) plan a few years ago . 
  it got funnily enough blocked by mostly eastern european countries because they werent the ones affected and didnt want to share the cost . 
   merkel is forcing her will on the rest of europe . 
  she is forcing all members to vote yes ? 
  people whining about merkel in here should maybe take a hard look at their own government . 
  the same britain that wanted turkey in for years ? 
  the same britain that has to vote yes or it wont happen ? 
  man people should know how the eu works before making comments . 
  easy karma on this sub . 
  do you have any source that the head of the police union called ee countires `` uncivilized wasteland '' . 
  other two options are that you are either a troll or just plain stupid . 
   here 's an idea germany : why not a fence all the way on the schengen borders ? 
  with a serious border patrol ? 
  that is what germany proposed a few years ago but it got shot down . 
   and in this case i think nato has to be involved as well . 
  ~ ~ not if the plane was in syrian airspace , turkey would be the aggressor which as far as i know makes article 5 not applicable . ~ ~ either way it was just a drone . 
  edit : nvm the article has more information than the two others i read before . 
  the bbc article got changed since the part i quoted isnt in the article anymore . 
  before the change it seemed the source wasnt the same . 
  did you actually read the article ? 
  the warning shot is what killed him . 
   georgi kostov , the interior ministry 's chief secretary , told bnr the man was probably killed by the ricochet of a bullet fired as a warning to the migrants . 
  article got changed since then . 
   better off dead than wasting state resources . 
  this argument makes zero sense ( at least in the us ) , having someone on death row is more expensive than letting him sit in jail for life . 
  if you argue that they should spend less than you should check out how many innocent and assumed innocent people got killed . 
  suprise suprise , lets hope this gets the same attention the original report got . 
   that is one narrative repeated no matter how silly it is . 
  i hope you mean in this case its silly otherwise you should read up on people like el-masri who was mistakenly abducted ( while on his way to from germany to macedonia ) and tortured by the cia in afghanistan . 
  maybe i got riled up for nothing but this shit does happen . 
  good to see . 
  people on here predicted the end of france just 4 months ago . 
  yeah fuck germany/france for forcing the dutch and finnish governments to repeatedly block romanias bid . 
  man this sub is so stupid . 
   remove religious schools in general . 
  in many countries the private religious schools are miles better than public schools . 
  as long as there is no push to actaully make them better we shouldnt talk about closing the better alternatives . 
  check his flair , if you are on mobile though luck . 
   i would be quite happy to see germany go down with us . 
  it would be good for all of europe . 
  and with it the european economy . 
   if merkel gets it . 
  erdogan , king hussein and whoever is running lebanon ( hezbollah ? , lol ) should get it too . 
  jesus , i understand that she isnt well like around here but cmon now . 
  putting merkel together with erdogan and the hezbollah man people are stupid . 
   this policy is not compatible with any sane definition of freedom . 
  the same law exist in every western country . 
  oh you dont want to give up your home for this new freeway ?
