   by getting a crap ton of eu funds this was from / u/inclol  we call it , `` the german model '' . 
  okay . 
  the other points do more or less fit , unfortunately . 
  [ sure buddy ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:nettozahlerundempfaenger2009.png ), 
  not sure why everyone has to give up privacy for privat companies . 
  if its not getting them enough provit anymore they have to realise that their bussines model isnt working anymore . 
   does europe not have the technology for this , or what ? 
  pretty sure the nsa already said they are jealous of the bnd and their position sitting at one of the biggest data streets ( i would guess frankfurt area ) and said its sad that the only thing holding them back are laws . 
  paraphrasing ofcourse . 
  in 2012 we spend 31,7 bn euro . 
  * 14,92 bn euro for personal * 4,99 bn euro for administration expenses * 10,59 bn euro for new hardware * 1,02 bn euro for assignments and benefits * 0,16 bn euro for investments, 
  the spiegeld.de article only says that the bnd is monitoring data that goes through germany and comes from countries like afgahnistan aka warzones . 
  which is what i said before . 
  germany has around 180k military personal . 
  there are between 50k and 60k us and uk miltary personal stationed in germany . 
  money spend has very little to do with it . 
  with what army ? 
  comments in this thread are ridiculous . 
  the data that came from the bnd only contained information regarding afghanistan and other `` warzones '' . 
  no information about germans or other eu nations at least there is no prove . 
  big part is medical staff, 
  they would give consent . 
  you mean 7500 ? 
  you either didnt read your own source or you didnt understood it . 
  either way 43k , that is more than 25 % of all cancer deaths , are results from tobacco smoke . 
  cars have mandatory particle filters . 
  also as far as i know exhaust gases are n't close to the damage from cigarettes . 
  pretty sure neither of this will raise the chance of cancer . 
   huh ? 
  i think more people use alcohol than smoke if someone next to me drinks i dont get drunk but i cant stop breathing . 
  also you would probably be shot . 
   t 's 5 points in one month , that 's a lot if you acount for margin of error it could also be nothing . 
   i do n't suppose they did this for their own homeless ... thankfully no one in germany has to live on the street , housing is provided by the state if need be . 
  so yes they this for their own people . 
  always funny how poland moves from centra to east just how it fits the agenda . 
  then its good that it was something like 21 to 4 countries . 
  not germany vs the rest . 
  i am sure we blackmailed 20 countries into it . 
  only if you think the guy with the gun is actually allowed to fire at you . 
  how can you be confused ? 
  most eu countries agree with germany , they even said so about it long before germany even said anything about quatas and cutting of money . 
  only people who are confused about `` why is germany running the eu '' are the ones who apperently get their only internation news from this sub . 
  how did germany change their mind ? 
  the borders arent closed they still let any syrian in for evaluation . 
  germany was constant one of the most loved countries in the world `` we '' dont need to make up for bad press because we already did . 
   but hey dont let facts get in the way of a nice circlejerk . 
   according to the to the u.n. high commissioner for refugees ( unhcr ) , there are about 500,000 syrians living in saudi arabia , but they are not classified as asylum seekers and it is not known when they arrived in the country . 
  and  the representative added that saudi arabia has given $ 700 million in humanitarian aid to syrians . 
  how is this kind of clickbait even allowed on here ? 
  and around 90 % of refugees went back home ( most willingly ) after the yugoslav war ended . 
  whats your point ? 
   but arent willing to house refugees ? . 
  they are and they do . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-04/syria-s-refugees-feel-more-welcome-in-europe-than-in-the-gulf ) relevent part  there are 500,000 syrians in saudi arabia , according to nabil othman , acting regional representative to the gulf region at the unhcr . 
  in official documentation they are referred to as `` arab brothers and sisters in distress , '' he said . 
   saudi arabia supports isis and does n't want syrian refugees . 
  not sure about the want part but they do have around 500k of syrian refugees . 
  they just dont call them refugees . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-04/syria-s-refugees-feel-more-welcome-in-europe-than-in-the-gulf ) relevent part  there are 500,000 syrians in saudi arabia , according to nabil othman , acting regional representative to the gulf region at the unhcr . 
  in official documentation they are referred to as `` arab brothers and sisters in distress , '' he said . 
  now you can argue that they should do more but i think taking in half a million refugees and spending ~ 500million on camps in iraq and jordan is not nothing . 
   start thinking about your own people and not damn immigrants . 
  merkel is exactly doing what her `` own '' people want . 
   you reap what you sew funny that for 3 years the sentement was completly different on subjects like greece . 
   the best you can do is to force germany out of eu . 
  as if this will ever happend , half the eu like their free money too much for this . 
   germoney will soon be without money . 
  oh no , what will eastern europe do without germoney ? 
  back to russia i guess . 
  either way germany will be fine , we could even borrow at negativ . 
   the left not two months ago merkel got shown in nazi costum and top comments on this sub were how germans right wing cdu ist destroying the world . 
  stop throwing around buzzwords like they mean anything . 
  https://i.imgur.com/epqmrax.png at least two mods said this one is legit while the other one is not ( irc ) . 
   i do n't want mods that try and hide the truth by banning anyone that speaks out against them . 
  with fake picturse like the one from op ? 
   it 's pretty hard to overrun that crowd . 
  20-25 upvotes and the submission will be on the frontpage of / r/europe . 
  not really that hard to do . 
   at least try to follow it . 
  they did and look at how that turned out for greece/italy . 
   but they 're going to give them citizenship after they held a job for five years and speak fluent german . 
  do you have numbers that proof what you say or is it again just a `` i feel like it works '' kind of thing ? 
  either way you should read what i asked and not put words in my mouth . 
  you will get access to efta you just have to agree to all the nice things that come with it which is often citied as reasons to leave . 
  also do you think germany/france will just let you get in easy with the real possibility of them getting a big piece of you financial sector ? 
   it worked in australia . 
  did it or did australia just stop publishing numbers ? 
   gazprom , e.on , basf/wintershall , omv , engie and royal dutch shell formed the new consortium for the project , a spokesman for the consortium said on friday . 
  `` germany '' , people read the fucking article . 
  shitty clikbait headline . 
  we all know facts dont matter on this sub anymore , mods start doing your `` job '' again please . 
   the un 's definition is n't absolute or universal . 
  it kind of is for all intents and purposes of international treaties . 
  [ eurostat q1 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_quarterly_report ), 
   hopefully the german economy crushes now . 
  and with it europe ? 
   what about somali refugees ? 
  i guess that would depend from where exactly they are . 
  the north is supposed to be rather save but the same cant be said about the south . 
  since you think the official numbers are fudged do you have any actual proof for the contrary ?
