  for the public transit what kind of timeframe are the talking ? 
  of course , as did every other city . 
  2 years ? 
  no not really but i guess that would heavily depend on the city part . 
   germany will only take syrians and 90 % of them will leave . 
  i know you are trolling but that is in fact what happend last time we had a refugee crisies , yugoslavian refugees went , for the most part , `` home '' and the rest ( ~ 15 % ) were forced to go home . 
   germany said it accepts all refugees . 
  and another one who cant read . 
   some claim they were valid protests i am all for the right to protest but holding someone against their will for hours is not the way to go and obvously a crime . 
   declare a 500 euro bounty on reporting an illegal migrant that 's caught and subsequently deported and end up with 100k of false reports because they looked african ... 
   christians do n't bomb/shoot up crowded places for religious reasons . 
  check again , killing of abortion clinic personal or they sponsor persecution of homosexuals all over africa . 
   but theres a possibility that they might one that we should avoid all together . 
  so we should also exclude christians because they kill doctors who perform abortions or because they sponsor the killing of gays in africa ? 
  only need one with a blog . 
   no but there 's a mod who removes things comcerning islam then he does a shitty job just check the frontpage for the last week . 
   if he can misunderstood what other people wrote ? 
  there is a difference between understanding and writing . 
  and ? 
  saying she could be in prison for 5 years is like saying someone who downloaded a song can get 5 years in prison , just no way this will happen . 
  she wont get any prison time , she could get a fine . 
  because that would have changed anything . 
  good luck finding out and getting permission for this . 
   but maybe we should take them to an african port which one ? 
  pretty sure there was never any proof of this . 
  that was his point i guess . 
   just go to / r/worldnews [ 1 ] , or / r/news [ 2 ] , or / r/todayilearned [ 3 ] , or / r/politics [ 4 ] , to see americans whine that whatever they do everyone gets mad at them for no reason ? 
  agenda ? 
  stop throwing around shitty buzzwords . 
  like i said no one blamed anyone for this , its just how news works . 
  also more coverage could have forced some token aid package . 
  obviously nobody would have started a war of ukraine . 
   yes , blame greece for ukraine 's problems , nobody blamed anyone but what he said is true . 
  the whole greece thing takes huge amount of `` media time '' , so other news took a backseat . 
  so irrelevant that the only reason that greece will get another bailout are france and to an extend italy . 
   apparently all greeks are fat lazy cunts that do n't pay taxes according to generalization  lazy has nothing to do with not paying taxes , but oecd numbers are rather clear of the big difference between greece and other countries . 
  and yes even if you account for `` difference '' in accounting . 
  so the oecd numbers are false ? 
  even if you account for the different accounting styles you still have a massive disconnect to others countries . 
  none , it was a ( albeit shitty ) joke . 
   `` it 's an affront , '' says georgios daremas , a strategist and adviser to the greek ministry of labor , social security and social solidarity . 
  `` it 's basically saying sell the memory of your ancestors , sell your history just so we can get something commercial for it , '' he tells time on monday . 
  `` this is an idea to humiliate greeks . '' dramatic much ? 
  there is no way anyone will force them to sell actual territory !, 
   there are , of course , limits to the privatization of ancient artifacts . 
  the treasures of greek antiquity , such as the acropolis in athens , would never be sold , daremas says . 
  `` that 's impossible . 
  their value is immeasurable . '' thanks for making this clear ...  but in their hunger for guarantees on this latest package of loans to greece , creditors in germany will not be happy to wait much longer . 
  germany already sold some of their new island to finland , tax free of course . 
  they would default but thats not magically removing the debt . 
  especially imf and ecb loans are n't something you want to stop paying . 
  how is this getting up voted ? 
  not a single word is true ...  france refused [ 1 ] to follow this rule and so has avoided having to pay more they do include it as asked in their official numbers to the eu . 
   so far only the uk and italy have followed the eu rules on the matter and pretty much everyone else , i say pretty much because i did n't check every single country . 
   to be replaced by jar jar binks . 
  i can see the media already showing him with darth vader helmet . 
  i loan you 10 $ and expect to be paid in two weeks for 15 % . 
  you now go and borrow from your mom : 15 $ for 1 % , to be paid in a year . 
  after a week you pay me 10,75 $ and you now have a year time to pay back your moms 15,15 $ . 
   we are not the european banks sorry . 
  oh you mean the european banks from which you got the `` tens of billions '' in the first place ? 
   are you so sure of that ? 
  the financial sector would openly revolt against an exit . 
  like them or not they account for double digit gdp . 
  yeah i would really like a source for this one ... 
   saved by a man obstructing the door . 
  like so often in history , see being saved from nuclear war by one man in a russian silo . 
  as / u/chemicalpleasure stated it works like this everywhere . 
  i think we should be happy that not everything that happens at during closed political conferences is brought outside because it would be fucking terrifying . 
   a lot of eu federalists seem to not get that . 
  they do but they also expect the same powers the us federal government has over their states for the eu . 
   ( ... ) putting that aside , what a lot of people do n't realize is that the wealthier states in the u.s. ( new york , california ) regularly `` bail out '' the shitty poor states like mississippi ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_taxation_and_spending_by_state ) by cash transfers ( ... ) through the federal government which has way way more power over their states than the eu . 
  none . 
  people dont understand that you often wont get the asked price if the buyer knows you need to sell now . 
  now for the new package there are neither numbers nor are there any companies planned , just rumours . 
  nothing really new but holy moly 86 billion euro . 
  in the same imf document that get citied thousand time a day for `` imf admits austerity failed '' the number one reason citied in the same document is that greece did not put the program properly in place and did not fulfilled the requirements asked . 
  also greece had to do more `` fiscal consolidation '' than any other ez countries because it was in way deeper . 
  either way the shit on both sides the last few weeks just made sure that there wont be any deal that all countries involved can life with . 
   the troika programme did not work . 
  it also did n't get implemented as asked . 
  just throwing money at it will also not magically make this work which is why we are here and why we will be here again in 2-3 years if the third bailout will pass . 
  where did i do this ? 
  even so they had 6 + months time . 
  instead they played high stakes poker and lost . 
   passing an enormous list of reforms through parliament in 3 days ? 
  most of it is from 2012 , they had enough time to pass any of this but played stupid games . 
  now they need at least another 50billion . 
   are there already written legislative proposals for some of this stuff most of it is from freaking 2012 and shows you how much got done in the last few years . 
  200billion in currency , another billions in machinery ( that for example greece had rot away ) and other products , hundreds of patents and other intellectual property . 
  getting occupied and split up , should i go on ? 
  we were also bombed to shit . 
  before i get shitty messages again , yes it was our own fault and we deserved a lot of it . 
   if they do n't do these freaking things they wont get money . 
  worked out so good the first ( second ) time , right ? 
   you dont want to pay for your grandparents faults ? 
  oh wait ... implying germany did n't pay for their great grandparents faults . 
  there is no source because he would n't be so stupid to say this , even if the actually thought so . 
  it was their proposal for 9billion , not for 50 + billion . 
   it 's insignificant compared to the us transfers through federal taxes .
