  they asked for the help from the [ gsg 9 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gsg_9 ) unit which is one of the best police units in the world . 
   our home minister told us to anticipate this yesterday . 
  though they are saying this for over a decade to get their shitty new laws through . 
  seems just smart planning to me . 
  the police still isnt sure how many people they are actually hunting and what else they planned . 
  plus what / u/lolaruns says of course , lots of people with random injuries and all the normal stuff that comes in on a friday night . 
  police already denied that there was a shooting at stachus . 
  i highly doubt most of the eu cares to much about a scotland . 
  only one in the top suprising to me is lyon . 
  ps : fuck hamburgs rent and buy prices . 
   i bet the v4 visegrad countries wo n't have attacks in the next 10 years . 
  neither will luxembourg , simply because isis doesnt care about either of them . 
  thats not a leak , these mails got officially released by the government . 
  not in turkey apperently but yes i should have phrased it differently . 
  there were also 18 months between the two in germany and only 3 days in turkey . 
  the thread is about a country that has expected grow despite the uk referendum . 
  now you come and whine that they mention the uk ? 
   i like how even in threads about the fucking german economy the uk is still mentioned . 
  its in the headline ... 
  phase two , night of the long knives . 
  sad sad . 
  stealing 90 ( ? ), 
  nuclear warhead and killing nato/us personal on the base will end up in war , there is not a single doubt in my mind . 
  the us attacked two countries for a lot less than that . 
   if turkey attacked the base , erdogan would be toppled before the end of the day ... yeah i really dont understand where all this `` they gon na steal the nukes '' bullshit comes from . 
  the second there is even a smell of turkey planning something like this and you would have us troops with marching orders to arrest erdogan . 
  they also wouldnt need long since i assume there are plenty special forces teams stationed in the eu . 
   is there any evidence for anything else ? 
  it 's all speculation . 
  some are going as far as claiming a false flag without anything to back it up . 
  random people on reddit but not a highranking member of a country . 
  slight difference, 
   all major powers of the west showed support for erdogan and disapproval for the coup . 
  by the time most of them said that it was already rather clear the coup failed . 
  one of the first one to comment was john kerry ( early on while it wasnt clear who wins )  we 've heard reports that others have heard . 
  i do n't have any details at this point in time . 
  i hope there will be stability and peace and continuity within turkey , but i have nothing to add on what has transpired at this moment . 
  all the support came hours later . 
  did you repley to the wrong comment ? 
   it 's actually exactly what you do . 
  yes but not only that . 
  you also cut of the snakes head or make sure the snake goes into hiding . 
  i watched a few hours of sky news / bbc world coverage and no mention of any attemps to take erdogan or any other of the high ranking officials . 
  they surrounded the akp building ( dont know the name ) and the assembly , neither of which housed anyone to important . 
  only a handful of tanks at the airport . 
  this all looks like such a weak attempt and in the end it only made him stronger , he can freely go after whoever he wants now . 
   rumors that erdogan was refused temporary asylum i highly doubt my government has the balls to deny it . 
  this was super weird , closing bridges and messing with media would have never been enough to overthrow erdogan . 
  you would need way more bodies and why do it while erdogan wasnt even in town . 
  seems like purging the military worked out well in the end , this was super poorly planned . 
  i always find the newsagencies under these kind of videos funny . 
  before that happends they will strip the uk of votingrights and tell them to fuck off . 
  if your close allies openly laugh about your foreign minister you are doing something wrong . 
   do they actually take a stand on this , or were you joking ? 
  as far as i know they havent comment about the topic but they are taking stands on pretty much everything that even remotely touches their main audience . 
  a lot of them are very far out their to say it politely but i guess thats more or less their job . 
  we also have the same for muslims and i guess some other religions . 
  under another government right ? 
  i was talking about this : http://www.zentralratdjuden.de/ not some shadowy organisation that secretly runs the world . 
  lol, 
  good , lets see how long it takes for the central council of jews or others like poland to bash this . 
  edit : to be clear :  i was talking about this : http://www.zentralratdjuden.de/  not some shadowy organisation that secretly runs the world . 
  lol, 
   we are and the us would follow of course they wold follow and give up a huge part of their influence . 
   i suspect the brexit negotiations will involve why the uk should suddenly defend eastern eu borders . 
  you are always free to leave nato . 
  of course he did . 
  suprise suprise , they end up working good paying jobs in their field . 
  i always wonder if people expect politicians to never hold another job after the quit politics . 
  that is true and i havent thought of that . 
  depending on the actual situation the possibility pf us having the bomb would be helpful . 
  we got the planes ( they are fitted for american bombs ) , pretty sure we got the personal , satallites are on the way ( any day now :p ) . 
  political framework is the only real problem and you are right that if we needed the bomb its to late to start . 
   if deutsche bank implodes that causes an eu wide recession . 
  if we would let deutsche bank fail the last financial crisis will be a joke against the one coming . 
  anyone thinking germany would let them actaully fail is out of his mind . 
   i do n't think it 's that clear-cut - otherwise there would n't be these lengthy negotiations . 
  it is that clear-cut which is why the swiss government is playing it so slow instead of following the referendum . 
   it is also not very clear why some rules are constantly broken ( from debts to closed borders ) without any problem while this is apparently irreconcilable . 
  rather simple , the swiss signed a `` guillotine clause '' which makes sure that if one of the core principles get broken all other agreements are null-and-void . 
   having things that can not be changed is undemocratic . 
  you can change everything if you get everyone on board but you wont . 
   i was just noting that it 's hypocritical to keep saying `` we care '' , but only when it 's paris or istanbul or whatever . 
  could be that paris is in our neighborhood and that the have a sizable turkish population . 
  if `` the west '' were to all out attack pakistan they would just nuke india because they the fuck not , which will open a whole other can of worms . 
   undercutting of wages that cant really be shown , there are theories but no proof . 
  [ chart ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jlemlwb.png ) - [ article ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/0260242c-370b-11e6-9a05-82a9b15a8ee7.html?siteedition=uk )  the chart shows the change in the share of eu immigrants for every local area in the uk ( left to right ) and the change in local wage levels ( up and down ) . 
  there is no correlation , indicating that areas with high levels of immigration do not have lower wage growth . 
  there is no indication that immigration reduces wages . 
   a bank of england study found a small effect on the lower paid , with a 10 percentage point rise in the share of low-skilled migrants reducing wages of the lower paid by 2 per cent . 
  but the increase in eu migration share has been only about 2 percentage points between 2008 and 2015 , suggesting the effect on low pay is about a cut of 0.4 per cent over seven years . 
   alternative explanation while the leave campaign grossly exaggerated the very small measured effect of migration on low skill wages , there is a question whether normally high growth areas should be expected to have had larger increases in wages . 
  this could explain why there is no positive correlation in the chart between areas of high immigration and higher wage rises . 
   assessment the available evidence suggests eu migration does not cut people 's pay , even for the low paid . 
  but there is a possibility that it allows employers to increase employment in high demand areas without raising pay but allowing eu migration to be a buffer . 
   why should he care about bad press , it 's not like he 'll face an election . 
  as much as most prime ministers in europe . 
   as someone that voted leave because of sovereignty , it 's because the mps we elect ca n't block eu directives , regulations , and decisions they disagree with nor can they set quotas when it comes to eu migration . 
  after you leave your politician still want access to the single market which means you still have all of this but with less voting rights . 
  i just dont understand how `` leaving '' will change any of the points you mention .
