` snubs ' , pretty sure the rest of the foreign ministers are pretty happy that he isnt coming . 
  the whole discussion would be about ` pussypass ' and how a 47 old men would be totaly locked up for it etc. 
  if you read up on the whole nsu stuff and the role of the ` verfassungsschutz ' its not hard to get jaded . 
  the other reasons are an increase in ( non-violent ) theft and burglaries . 
  as we all know the 30 % stat will be bought up for a few weeks as proof that germany is on a brink of civil-war . 
   i 've often heard that the numbers of unemployed are beautified to make them seem better . 
  germany actually counts ` worse ' than eurostat . 
   ops adultery ca n't distort the whole country though . 
  spreading stds can get very expensive for the country , just ask new york how fast it can get out of hand ( 70s ) . 
  you can already check all income from the members of the parliament . 
  nice try though . 
  yes and planes . 
  good , not that much different than holding a camera into the window to spy on your neighbours . 
   then it does n't make sense that the ecuadorian government would shut down his internet it does make sense for them to deny him internet access as form of punishment for not living up to his end of the arrangement . 
   `` if she actually wanted to do it , she 'd have succeeded '' is a fallacious argument . 
  one i never used or even vaguely implied . 
  come on , this is pretty clearly fake . 
  no one else but some . ir sites are reporting this . 
  i also highly doubt she would ever say something like this out loud . 
   no human could 've predicted when those emails would be published at least a timeframe was known . 
  none of your points make any sense here . 
   there 's more emails and documents to be released they will keep comming no matter the status of his internet connection . 
  since it wont stop anything it also makes no sense that clinton is behind this . 
  kinda suprised by the clear-cut comments from wissmann and treier . 
  good for them . 
   paywalls are the worst yes , fucking journalist and their need to eat . 
  cutting spending wont have an immediat negativ impact on health which is why it will boost you a few spots on statistic like this . 
  there is a underground mcd 1minute away . 
  this bk is long gone , it is now a [ starbucks ] ( https://www.golocal.de/media/10d91ee3b8308f27543158f449d765ff/700/1938f0f84c0ef932.jpg ) . 
  get criticise for jumping to conclusions . 
  get criticise for not jumping to conclusions . 
  at least people always find a way to hate on newspapers . 
   those two statements are not contradictory . 
  just because i believed in the # 350 million a week claim , does not mean i based my judgement of the eu on it . 
  to say it had no impact on the referendum would be naiv , especially with such a smal margin . 
   `` the british public made its judgment , not most famously with the # 350m on the side of the bus or indeed on george 's # 4,000 a family -- they dismissed those things . 
  they made their judgment on other things . 
  -  polls conducted in mid june showed half of the british public believed vote leave 's claim that the uk pays # 350m a week to the european union despite the figure being debunked . 
   ipsos mori found that 47 per cent of the public believed that the claim , which had been repeatedly criticised by the uk statistics authority , is true . 
   we know . 
  then stop repeating otherwise . 
   i 'm not defending trump , but ok . op is the one who brought him up , either way there are many like him on the alt-right side . 
  morons are not an invention on the left , they are unfortunately universal . 
   the left 's assault on freedom of speech trump wants stonger libel laws to silence press  shaming of people who hold not-progressive-enough views trump insults pretty much everyone who doesnt hold the same beliefes as him  denial of truth when it comes to the problems of mass immigration not even `` the left '' is on the same page on mass immigration clearly your issuses arent as simple as left or right but it is telling that you seem to think that . 
   which immigration critic organizations are condoning violence ? 
  kinda ironic that you wrote that and then go on to write about something complete different from ops point just so you can favour a certain world view . 
  your own link proves him right ... 
  zero dead germans in the last seven years unless you count the perp . 
  the far-right ( nsu ) also takes the crown for most injuries . 
  thats never went wrong in the history of politics . 
   all these nationalist party leaders love authoritarian strongmen , surprise . 
  of course they do , he is paying them . 
   germans will have to get used to the afd . 
  it 's a miracle that there has n't already been a party like that for much longer . 
  not really no , we often have `` new '' parties coming in strong for a cycle or two , pretty sure the pirates got like ~ 10 % the first time in berlin . 
  now no one takes them serious , same thing happened to the old anti-eu afd . 
   in a dictatorship skepticism is not allowed . 
  are we in a dictatorship ? 
  how about you read the whole article ? 
  example :  welle wrote that a foundation 's president used its own companies to carry out services for the foundation , and the fees charged were more than 22 percent of the foundation 's total expenditure . 
  this is about people using the money to make them self richer . 
  [ overview from the ard ] ( http://wahl.tagesschau.de/wahlen/2016-09-04-lt-de-mv/index.shtml ) not to suprising about the afd , meckpom is in the east afterall . 
   they are hiding it a little better than others that 's all . 
  in absence of evidence , imagination is all that is needed ? 
  never let a good crisis go to waste . 
  cmon , he was clearly talking about attacks in europe . 
   it is bad for banksters its bad for everyone who sells stuff ... 
   brexit does n't seem so weird now , does it ? 
  it still does if you know that this had nothing to do with the eu . 
   i doubt you will be saying that when another million refugees show up , but this time they get fenced in greece fine , in retaliation we should block all flights from and to turkey . 
  a lot of places like gyms etc have women only hours or are complete female only . 
  dresscodes in clubs are normal everywhere , not sure what the problem is . 
   participants held tripods and selfie sticks and pretended to be chasing a celebrity . 
  but other people in the streets mistook the objects for guns and fled , blocking traffic and sending restaurant tables flying , media reported . 
  how does that happen ? 
  from the titel you would expect something like the uk police doing anti-terror exercises and scarying people . 
  arresting the women for this is ridiculous , they should find out which moron though it was an attack and as a result scarred the others shitless . 
   any amendments made in the meantime were pretty much just for show . 
  what ? 
  ireland got exactly what they wanted before they voted again . 
   trade agreements which will allow the state to become liable by multi-nationals in a court of law is a massive amendment to our current trading agreement . 
  newsflash : ireleand is already part of isds courts . 
  just to clear things up since i can see people not reading past the headline : this is not every 84h in europe !, 
  the author is also talking about stuff in munich which had zero to do with isis , the whole article is rather weird . 
  fine by me , we are surrounded by nato members and in case of an attack the rest of the eu is obligated to help anyway . 
  a part from that there is also the whole if germany gets bombed the eu economy will be in shambles and we will drag the rest of the world down with us . 
  i do think we should spend more on military defense , as shown by israel germany can build submarines capable of launching nuclear missiles , building them ( and the nukes ) is not really a big problem in peace time . 
  do they break german laws ? 
  if not why should we do shit about them ? 
  first of wikipedia is not a citation its rather easy to edit the paragraph you linked . 
  second the whole paragraph mentioned exactly one outlet by name ( zdf ) . 
  thats the textbook definition of cherrypicking . 
  you apperently dont know anything about german newsoutlets if you didnt even knew the faz ( one of the biggest ones ) so i really dont understand how you think its fine to form an opinion about something you red 2 sentences on wikipedia . 
  by the way we arent smoking weed together dude . 
  you were talking about the german mainstream media in your first comment . 
  after i told you that this isnt true and that i saw it at several mainstream papers/programms you counter with one example . 
  talk about cherry picking . 
  since when is faz not mainstream ? 
   i 've read that the mainstream in germany went silent for five days on breitbart ? 
  local news had it in the night 10-12 hours later is was on the frontpage of the faz and others .
