  dont mind them here but for all i care yesterday . 
  they arent here to protect germany . 
  a goal and a requirement are two very different things . 
  the second one simply doesnt exit . 
   2 % is an unenforced nato requirement there is no such thing . 
   where do you think the weapons come from ? 
  the gun store ? 
  from ee as pretty much always . 
   they are the guys giving nazi salutes and hold swastika flags . 
  then the answer is yes , there are pics above showing them doing exactly that . 
   hartmann was convicted of contempt of court in 2009 for revealing in a book that the tribunal had withheld crucial information on the srebrenica massacre of 1995 from the nearby international court of justice . 
  the conviction was later upheld on appeal . 
  and  she was originally fined $ 7,000 , but that sentence was later converted to seven days in jail after the tribunal claimed the fine had not been paid . 
  in december 2011 , france refused a request to extradite her . 
  and  hartmann was approached by un police on a grassy area outside the tribunal on thursday , where survivors of the war in bosnia and victims ' families had gathered to wait for the verdict on the former bosnian serb leader radovan karad\u017ei\u0107 . 
  the demonstrators attempted to close ranks around her to prevent her being detained , but later police managed to separate her , bring her into the tribunal building and drag her through the lobby as she shouted protests against her treatment . 
  while i dont know much about her conviction in 2009 she cant be suprise they would arrest her if they get the chance . 
   closest-to-utopia-like nation like japan perhaps ? 
  unless you arent japanese or a woman of course . 
   why does everyone assume all 1 million people will stay here for the rest of their lives ? 
  because their parents back during the balkan crisis said the same thing . 
  as far as i know she always has a full team outside of the country . 
   there is no way that noone saw him or knew who he was . 
  you only need one person to get food and stuff for you . 
  rather simple to hide . 
   what have we done to the europe that we used to know ? 
  actually making it safer than ever ? 
   well , it used to be the safest place in the world it is safer now than in the last decades , before that we had a few wars . 
  not sure if ignorant or just young . 
  ah , having pretty much the same rules as inside the eu but no voting right . 
  sounds much better than now . 
  but they mostly are n't . 
  most of the afd votes came from die linke ( protest votes ) and non-voters . 
  politico at it again , shitty headline . 
  would love to see your made up definition . 
  how is me wanting to know how my hotel looks the same as me not wanting random people looking in my backyard . 
  i am not against streetview but your logic makes no sense to me . 
   how is taking a picture of your house from the street an invasion of privacy ? 
  i can see a problem if someone stands in front of your house with a 4meter tall camera . 
  google should have used the camera on eye-level like in a lot of other countries . 
   for the life of me i ca n't understand why she has n't stepped down . 
  pretty sure her aproval rating is still over 50 % , pretty much every other head of state in europe would kill for such numbers . 
  did the irony of your statement escape you ? 
  free money yeah but only if we do n't have to do anything in return . 
  nice view of a union . 
   and they could ban antifa too if they 're at it , they are way more violent than nazis , which is a pretty huge accomplishment . 
  not in germany . 
   your dream projects of the schengen zone and the single currency without any regard for the wisdom of your elders about their flaws . 
  you should read up on the history before talking about it . 
   the eu is like a salty abusive wife who is angry that the husband might think he is better off divorced . 
  more like the wife who wont let their ( ex - ) husband fuck them after the divorce . 
   they can avoid telling migrants from the middle east that every last one of them is welcome . 
  since that never happend i think we avoided it ? 
   as long as the right is talked about in hushed voices like some kind of disgusting disease to be stamped out which is of course why most eu countries have center-right governments . 
  is there any country inside the eu where the extreme left has any kind of cloud ? 
   yea i think germany should take a backseat for a while and let the crazies run wild . 
  lets see how far the come . 
  how exactly ? 
  i mean i am not suprised to see yet another brit who has no clue how the eu works but germany cant do jackshit without other countries . 
  i do wonder who you gon na blame for all the shit after you leave eu . 
   he probably got off to the cologne incidents . 
  ah yes the old bdsm is the same as rape story . 
   these are our leaders . 
  how dare our leaders have a fetish . 
   the us is extremely stringent on immigrants entering . 
  if you discount the 8 + million illegals in the us sure . 
  i doubt many germans care about the degree to which poland dislikes us . 
  half his post i saw are factual wrong , i hope he is only trolling . 
   saw his posts yesterday ( or today ? ), 
  yeah he is in pretty much every thread trolling . 
   you are undermining your own cause by not giving your voice to the popular movement just because you disagree with a fraction of the people in it . 
  i disagree with most of their leadership and pretty much any speaker i saw so no i wont support them in any way . 
  also the name is so freaking stupid , like what the fuck did they though . 
   eh , i dont give a fuck if some open borders idiot labels us nazis . 
  apperently you do since you are bringing it up in every comment . 
   nazis are still a small fraction of the people who attend pegida demonstrations . 
  agreed but doesnt really change anything i wrote before . 
   then you will see how the open borders maniacs will call you nazis . 
  yeah , this didnt happen once to me , not even on reddit . 
  either i am a special little snowflake ( yea me ) or it isnt really a widespread thing . 
  mimimi , they are calling me nazi because i follow a bunch of nazis , mimimi . 
  thats how you comment sounds to me . 
  iam all for closing/protecting the outer eu border and sharing the cost but there is a middleground between this and advocating for reopening gaschambers and throwing everyone out who doesnt look white . 
  stop playing the victimcard , just so sad to see . 
  they are actual jew-hating dictory definition ~ ~ on ~ ~ of neonazis . 
  the people following them cant be suprised others call them `` names '' . 
   neo-nazis and racists always want to join movements like these . 
  yeah , not like the people who organised them were all known neonazis . 
   curious seeing as pegida is anti neo-nazis maybe they should stop inviting people advocating for reopening the gaschambers . 
  i mean kinda understandable how people could think they are nazis . 
   that 's true , but recently it came out that a few prominent politicians had someone else write their doctorarbeit . 
  would you mind giving me a source ? 
  recent was a few years back and it wasnt about someone else writing it but them copying parts of someone elses work . 
  how is this upvoted ? 
  freaking rt. 
  like everytime we have a big amount of refugees but since its merkel saying that she has to lie . 
  yeah , thanks . 
   miscommunication errors ... wat ? 
  she straight up lied and people ate it up . 
  just check the thread on this sub about this .
