   could absolutely be a terror attack there any time . 
  better not go outside then . 
  much easier to kill 30 + people waiting to get in a football stadium or other big events . 
   murder rates in the us vary heavily by state the same is true for any country , not sure why this is relevant . 
   just say no . 
  what will they do - shout at you ? 
  withhold 15 % of you annual budget ? 
   thomas de maizi\u00e9re god be with us should this ever happen . 
  yes without poland the russian would invade us any second . 
  the paranoia of some people . 
  why should it ? 
  i am all for higher military spending but troops leaving germany has nothing to do with it . 
  there is no threat to germany that could invade us . 
  / u/theworldcrimeleague ist atm at +6 while / u/norfolktilidie whining about downvotes silencing him sits at +24 . 
  its rather clearly not a echochamber . 
   ( over 95 % approval ) . 
  i doubt you will find anything that will get a 95 % approval rating . 
  he failed miserable that night , for example he denied extra officers from the federal police . 
   that does not make them britons . 
  it actually does . 
  unsourced imgur link is always nice . 
  either way my second link has a source and says violent crime is going down every year for a decade . 
  it also has numbers that are n't from 05 . 
  to bad that the numbers dont agree with you but dont let me stop your shitty circlejerk about how dangerous germany is . 
   i did n't feel safe . 
  feeling might be the right word since germany is by every measurement the safest it ever was . 
  ah so its one company then ? 
  that i could actually believe depending on who you work for . 
  but no way people are afraid to talk about this in bars and other `` public '' places , at least not in my circles and i am very much more left than centric . 
   and why is the same party in power since forever , and why does angela merkel have no competition because pople voted for her since she did her job well . 
   and why is everybody afraid to discuss this subject in work or in the bars ? 
  everytime i read something like this i wonder where the authors are living . 
  i overhear shit talking and serious discussions every morning i go to the baker or waiting in line at the supermarket in the evening . 
  i wrote it up top already but this mimimimi everybody is mean to me mentality is such a bullshit thing . 
   because at first they attempted to keep it quiet who did ? 
  you could read about it on january 2 online and the following monday in print . 
  this fake victim mentality gets old . 
  of course not , everybody who wanted could read it without problems for decades . 
  this is just `` outside '' media making a fuss because nazis , i expect a few more funny articles from other sites . 
   yea the problem is what do you keep them imprisoned for ? 
  `` i was just visiting relatives '' . 
  if you cant prove guilt you cant exile them either . 
   it is in some cases , but that costs money that no one has . 
  in the us people on deathrow cost more than people who are in prison for life . 
   at the beginning of the year berlin was the imperial hard-hearted centre , cruelly punishing greece for not being , well , german enough . 
  german chancellor angela merkel , a new iron chancellor , was portrayed variously with prussian helmet , hitler moustache or nazi uniform by greek protestors and press . 
   by the end of the year though , mrs merkel was suddenly too soft . 
  lambasted as a bleeding-heart liberal , too lax with migrants . 
  or held aloft as a saintly mother theresa , giving refuge to syrians fleeing war . 
  i see the bbc is browsing / r/europe, 
  not sure why this makes any difference . 
  i am all for real investigations but let them get a warrant first . 
   why are the other car manufacturers so scared of further investigations if they have n't been cooking their figures ? 
  for the same reason you dont let the police search you house if you dont have to . 
  because democracy is about suppressing minorities ... 
  which kinda proves my point even further . 
  germany , hh http://imgur.com/tjfrva3 we had 15 \u00b0 yesterday , in the middle of december . 
  i kinda agree but on the other hand you can get double digits for shit like lizard people and ghosts . 
  edit : [ funny example : `` poll : 30 % of gop voters support bombing agrabah , the city from aladdin '' ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/dec/18/republican-voters-bomb-agrabah-disney-aladdin-donald-trump ), 
   `` along with the ground stations put in place around the globe , this brings galileo 's completion within reach . 
  initial galileo services are scheduled to begin within next year . '', 
   the first four orbiters were launched in 2011 and 2012 . . 
   the remaining satellites will be launched using a combination of soyuz rockets , which can take two into space at a time , and europe 's own ariane 5 es launcher , which is being adapted to handle four . 
   the first ariane launch is scheduled for be next year , followed by one each in 2017 and 2018 . 
   there will be one soyuz launch in 2018 as well -- bringing the total to 26 satellites , sufficient for full operation , launch firm arianespace has said . 
   if you were in germany , you would see how polizei let folks walk all over them this is not true in hamburg and i highly doubt thats true for other big cities . 
  i am sure you can cite some source to show its a widespread thing so i can educate myself . 
   there are a few subs banned in germany . 
  just to be clear , this is from reddits end not from germany . 
   on friday , the federal court decided four-to-one against the school 's appeal of the cantonal administrative court 's decision . 
  the higher court argued that the ban against wearing a hijab was not a prerequisite for effective teaching . 
   `` wearing a headscarf makes one neither rude nor undisciplined , '' said federal judge florence aubry girardin . 
  you reap what you sow . 
   problem is , critique of islam is often suppressed on this sub how can you say this with a straight face ? 
  personal attacks , nothing surprising by the likes of you but thanks for playing . 
  not sure if you mean all religious schools or only islamic ones but in a lot of countries catholic ( privat ) schools are much better than their shitty public counterpart . 
   why france had in this year 2 terrorist attacks made by `` french '' people ? 
  why that does n't happen in ee ? 
  i will just repeat myself , because almost nobody cares about ee ? 
  i really dont try to be a dick but the whole no attacks in ee comments always smell like the story about the stone that protects from lions . 
  pretty sure there isnt a single country that is doing good with a far right government . 
   and from belgium to syria . 
  that 's one friggin success story we can congratulate ourselves . 
  ah , you are on of the people who have no clue what schengen is . 
  iam more suprised that munich is cheaper than hamburg . 
   to be fair if ireland is anything to go from they 'll just have a second vote to get the result they you mean a second vote on a different proposal ? 
  if not you should read up on it . 
   i 'm surprised they join at all . 
  how so ? 
  germany was involved in pretty much everything in the past two decades which involved other european countries . 
  we only missed mali ( now we are there too ) and iraq ( no need to comment on that one ) . 
   is that freedom of speech though ? 
  freedome of speech doesnt mean a private run site has to give them a podium . 
   no you have been lax with criminals so you guys dont look `` racist '' what ? 
  would really like a source where you get shit like this . 
   but i guess they 're too scared to voice their opinions publicly , since they get crucified by the mainstream media that 's heavily left-wing . 
  sounds like the right-wing needs some safespace . 
  shitty jokes aside you are free to say what you want but you cant expect that others wont laugh about you . 
  there was no truck bomb . 
  as of five minutes ago no explosives were found anywhere .
