  as i already said somewhere , i am all for more transfers but only if the eu gets the same say over the countries that the us federal government has over their states . 
  right this is n't about a billion more or less . 
  the last weeks was about the additional ~ 9 billion , the third installment of the last bailout . 
  since tuesday it is about at least 50billion in esm money . 
  edit : esm not ems :p, 
   i do n't see how that changes the situation . 
  2 weeks of bleeding money and needing way more money than before does n't change the situation ? 
   they can be democratic until they elect someone you do n't like ... 
  they can elect whoever they like that does n't mean there are n't any consequences . 
   they 're a democracy , and that should count for something . 
  so are the rest of the ez countries but apparently that does n't count . 
  has nothing to do with being lazy , if my government would offer me retiring at 60 instead of 65 i would do it . 
  i doubt many people would not take the offer . 
  no where did anyone implied something close to what you are whining about . 
  never implied otherwise , just offering some context since / u/anabolic has his `` facts '' wrong . 
  it certainly would cost less . 
  he resigned because he kept lying to his voters . 
  it was directed at the us over the increasing comments from their side about how to handle greece . 
  oh and it wasnt sch\u00e4uble who said the `` behave like adults '' comment . 
   so if what was reported regarding dijselbloom saying something to the effect of destroying greece 's banking system is true , it shows some serious issue about potential for collusion of the ecb with the others on a political level . 
  no deal in february would have meant the end to ela . 
  which in turn would be the end of the greek financial system , it was not a threat but the truth . 
   it 's expired but not really expired . 
  as in , it 'll be signed if parties reach an understanding . 
  no , any new bailout will come through esm which will require 18 parliaments to agree , one no vote is enough to block it . 
  germany paid over 200billion , we also were forced to give a way big machinery , a significant amount of land , shit ton of intellectual property , brain drain etc etc. . we paid a big portion of the marshall plan back , around 70 % . 
  `` we '' deserved it but again the situations are n't even close to being comparable . 
  do we get to split greece up in pieces ? 
  i am sure finland would love some islands , germany and france would love some beach property . 
  lets not pretend that both situation are equal . 
  if the eu gets the same `` powers '' over every ez country the way the germany government has over bavaria , sure . 
   who are they going to kick out next ? 
  no one is getting kicked out of the eu . 
  if it is anything like germany there will still be ( ~ 13 ) billions in old drachma laying around which could lead to trouble . 
  checking the date or serial numbers every time you want to buy something seems tedious for the cashiers . 
   i guess that 's the different mentality we have . 
  there was enough time for a referendum but this is just a last minute political move and has not much to do with mentality . 
  its around 700 $ million at the moment iirc . 
  seems find for a building like this , extra security etc. 
   just have a look at these statistics do you actually let me look at these statistics ? 
  for people who wont read the article :  yle , on 24 april at an informal meeting of eu finance ministers in the latvian capital , filmed and published a conversation between finland 's antti rinne and his slovak counterpart peter kazimir . 
  and  the rules , as stipulated by api , say media must `` make sure that camera microphones are set to record background noises ( not conversations ) and , if despite this setting conversations are nonetheless recorded , such recordings must not be used '' . 
  and  `` they [ yle ] can still have full access to press conferences and to other people 's stock shots . 
  but their own cameras wo n't be let into the room '' . 
  it was just funny how you could read the title here and on the article to see the bias . 
  of course it could just be a mistake and all but either way just using the original article title would be better . 
  we really need a rule to use the titles of article instead of editorialize it . 
   or shadowbanning people mods cant shadowban you hero . 
  people obviously noticed , i assume they just did n't report it . 
  personally i think we should kick them mostly out . 
  i do n't mind the hospital and logistic for example but listing posts and the whole drone operation thingy should n't really be allowed . 
  if you ask me what i think why we do n't it is rather simple , kicking them out is associated with huge political cost ( international ) . 
  i dont know the details of what we get in return but i hope it is worth it . 
  it is not really a black and white issue but what really is . 
  i dont think lack of balls is the problem there is just no reason to kick them out . 
  people dont like the perceived influence america has in germany . 
  the whole nsa thing certainly didnt help either . 
  not saying its right or wrong but as always its easier to blame the outside party instead of ones own country . 
   what about false alarms ? 
  from the article :  ecall transmits data when a car 's airbags are triggered how often does your airbag goes off without crash ? 
  the us got a lot of bad press in germany . 
   because they do n't want to `` provoke the muslims '' . 
  they also remove palestinian flags a year ( maybe two ) ago . 
  did they also do this to not provoke muslims ? 
  * rolleyes *, 
  as source they name the australian government and media reports . 
  since their government doesnt report numbers it seems not that surprising they dont have any . 
   zero deaths in a whole year with the evil , xenophobic australian policy . 
  and i guess you can give us some kind of source for this ? 
  because as / u/savannajeff already stated there are no numbers . 
  cant have a thread about germany without some ( shitty ) nazi joke . 
  yeah but if we always slow down to 60kmh we would never get to drive faster anyway . 
  at least in the north it feels like one big construction site with a few road in between . 
  so he is talking with you about classified stuff ? 
  there is no way to intercept them reliable after the start period at least not a way known to me or a quick google search . 
  but enlighten me , with source please . 
  there is no way to defend against 50 incoming icbms , you may destroy a few but even then 30-40 warheads are enough to destroy the east and west coast leaving fallout beyond imagination . 
  kinda sure you are joking but if russia is nuking europe it would also kill a tens of thousand us troops making sure the us has to retaliate which in return would mean russia starts nuking america . 
  now that the united states and russia have their own problems tension between india and pakistan can go nuclear very fast , israel will take care of palestine and china will take what ever it wants around it . 
  with one hit on a button the whole world will be at war . 
  kind regards , general armchair iii, 
   szelag did not name the controllers or provide details of the charges, 
   no german news outlet does that . 
  thankfully , not sure what gets a accomplished by publishing the full name and the picture . 
  talk is cheap . 
   but especially black people here in germany have a tendency of being stared at as if they 'd just fled from a zoo may i ask where you from ? 
  dailystar ... 
  the whole article is about some random comment/question on ask.fm . 
  the german police had him several times in custody but twice the federal constitutional court ( i hope this is the right translation ) overruled the lower courts decision to allow extradition . 
  [ just in case people wanted a source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/dec/30/shots-fired-german-ambassador-home-greece ), 
  / r/europe = king of broken threads this happens rather often but all comments will show eventually . 
  for now i can see all 21 comments . 
  sees titel , checks username . 
  alright . 
  not rushing means years , people cant actually expect india/brazil to come even close to the volume of us/china/eu . 
  i am fine with them leaving but some of the ` arguments ' as to why are just stupid . 
   by attempting to diversify the uk 's trading markets they hope to reduce the influence that the eu would have upon the uk in terms of economic leverage . 
  us , china and the eu told you brexit is a shit idea and that of them will rush for a tradedeal with the uk . 
  where are you going to diversify ? 
   when we will demolish all this nato bases located in germany ?
