  we are by definition at full employment . 
   given that it would ` prove ' the anti-eu mood in a number of countries correct ? 
  how is that ? 
  the eu is helping the poor people from the uk to their democratic right against the evil establishment housing in the downing street . 
  of course they wont be kicked out either way . 
  so what you are saying is if we team up with france we can do the same to the uk ? 
  we just have to lure the uk to a eu meeting in france . 
   this made a lot of people even more critical of the eu . 
  it made people more critical of the eu instead of their own fucking government ... ? 
  he also says that they are at a 40year high which of course is another lie . 
  two rapes are now called mass rapes ? 
  daily shootings ? 
  what kind of news are you reading ? 
  they already got a spy . 
   like that guy who kept his daughter locked up in his cellar . 
  if you talk about fritzl then you may want to know that he is austrian . 
  lets hope we do n't fuck this up . 
  or that at least our courts do the right thing even if the government deosnt wants to, 
  they should work harder maybe then the red states would need less tax money to not go broke completely . 
  pretty much any bigger city not in the south has a unspoken rule that the prosecutors will drop any charges for small possessions . 
  which in turn means the police wont bother you to much . 
   low crime society yeah , that is what you get in statistics if you let organize crime run wild and ignoring it on every corner . 
  i really do n't understand the love for japan from some sites . 
  i do wonder how fast the republicans will turn on him . 
  i was never happier about boring german politics . 
  lets give up more freedom so we can safe less than 200 people a year . 
  i am sure i can safe that many people with 100k . 
  so its not my english it is in fact your reading comprehension . 
   putin killed a dog of some diplomat of us seriously ? 
  not sure if my english sucks or if you simply cant read . 
   i 've lost count how many times putin now has made obama look like a foreign policy fool . 
  only in the eye of people who have apparently forgotten what russia is doing to us diplomats : [ russia is harassing u.s. diplomats all over europe ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/global-opinions/russia-is-harassing-us-diplomats-all-over-europe/2016/06/26/968d1a5a-3bdf-11e6-84e8-1580c7db5275_story.html ) or if you prefer fox [ russian harassment of us diplomats reportedly includes break-ins , dog-killing ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/06/28/russian-harassment-us-diplomats-reportedly-includes-break-ins-dog-killing.html ) oh no what a fool obama is for reacting to months of ` attacks ' . 
   they 're escalating a conflict that is n't there yea there is no conflict ...  russia policeman attacks us diplomat http://www.bbc.com/news/world-36755461  russian harassment of us diplomats reportedly includes break-ins , dog-killing http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/06/28/russian-harassment-us-diplomats-reportedly-includes-break-ins-dog-killing.html  numerous diplomats said russian intruders would rearrange furniture or turn on lights and televisions in their homes before leaving , according to a series of memos reviewed by washington post columnist josh rogin . 
  one diplomat accused an intruder of defecating on his carpet . 
  this goes on for far longer than a few weeks . 
  i hope two sources from different sides of the spectrum will be enough as proof . 
  thanks , ill check this out . 
  do you mind sharing the script or site ? 
   there have been terror attacks in germany befor recently same is holds true for italy . 
   it would help if germany would stop bullying other countries to take in their fair share of refugees . 
  of course germany should also be the one to blame for letting greece and italy handle it on its own . 
  oh and do n't forget to blame germany for not paying alone for the border patrol . 
  also they need be blamed for not bullying the other members to do the first or/and the second one years ago , since it did n't went anywhere after poland and others did n't want to help pay for either option . 
  the misinformation in this sub is staggering . 
  / / edit : one = own, 
  being brown makes you the more likely suspect in this case . 
  you are right i should have said because he was brown and not ` because you are n't white ' . 
  you win the semantic argument in my third language . 
  my point still is that running because a moron chases you is the right call . 
  especially if brown near a terror attack , as sad as this may be . 
  you do n't have to be racist to assume that the attack came from a middle eastern looking guy . 
  you do have to be stupid to chase random people around town and you should not be surprised that they either run or kick your teeth in . 
  what where did that come from ? 
  of course you run if a mob thinks you are the guy who killed 9 people unless you want the mob to kill you . 
  my comment ha nothing to do with racism . 
   why would you make yourself suspect by doing that ? 
  maybe because you do n't want to get your ass kicked by random people just because you are n't white ? 
  only one reporting this are dailymail , express.co.uk und of course rt. 
   if a bank just dies tens of thousands if not hundreads will be broke which in turn means the kebap shop will go under . 
  you cant threaten people etc etc. 
  there is no ultimate freedome of speech anywhere , i do agree that the us has it ` more ' than europe though . 
   not even german speakers can read correctly that word in their first go and you are used to it . 
  everyone ( german ) past fourth grade should be able to read it just fine . 
   there are no grey areas when it comes to what can and ca n't be said . 
  the us has these grey areas too , just less of them . 
  religion strikes again or what is the motivation behind it ? 
   there is literally nothing preventing trump from doing the same . 
  apart from the need to kill a few german agents who would be on snowdens protectiondetail . 
  yes , they also love pizza . 
   liberal regressive left that took control of the west they did what now ? 
  which eu country has a liberal regressive left ( did you use some kind of buzzword generator for this ? ), 
  government ? 
   would you be ok with a right-wing `` anti-degeneracy-force '' made up of skinheads , that walks around in pseudo-uniforms and gives friendly reminders to people that `` good white people '' should n't associate with foreigners and eat `` foreign food '' ? 
  that would also be technically legal . 
  you do know that exactly this is happening daily ? 
  not only in east germany but also the west has a big problem with it , see dortmund for example . 
   sven lau ( . . ) is currently in jail . 
  so what you are saying is that the system works ? 
   this does n't really shine a good light on his associates . 
  at least we agree on one thing . 
   this is not only impossible agreed , doesnt mean they wont try . 
   they need to take the citizens with them alongside the negotiations this also means we are never gon na finish another trade-treaty because every side will whine about stuff they clearly dont understand . 
  this thread is plenty proof of that . 
   except they would replace america with russia because they arent currently bombing random people ? 
   if you want to do such a treaty , you need to do it with highest possible transparency . 
  the lesson seems more to the other direction , keep everything hidden till you have something to vote on . 
  thats whats supposed to happen to people who didnt broke any laws . 
   that does n't explain the week of terror attacks in germany , though . 
  there were four or five attacks ( . . ) we had two attacks ... not a single german died ( in germany ) by the hands of islamic terrorist in decades . 
  the only two casualties were two us soldiers 2011 , they were also the intended target . 
  too bad afd and other voters to the right are doing exactly the same thing . 
  ` patrolling ' the streets , dortmund had quite a few problems with these people . 
   in finland it 's the far right patrolling the streets the same is happening in germany too , which is why the fake outrage in this thread is pretty funny . 
   what happens if they do n't ? 
  forced out of the european parliament ? 
  seizure of assets ? 
   intelligence experts ** estimate ** that the islamic state extremist group has between 60 and 80 operatives planted in europe to carry out attacks , ( . . ) so are we guessing or do we know ? 
   schoof said , the federation of mosques , without any urging , sent a letter to all mosques in the country saying `` the mosques themselves must realize that hate speech should not be accepted in the mosques . '', 
  not sure if purely pr but good on them anyway . 
   the people are telling the elite where they can go shove the future they are planning for us .
