we use the draft because we 're a very low density population . 
  there 's been a debate for a long time about using draft vs. professional soldiers , and there has been a necessity for a `` mandatory '' ( if you want to get out , you can get out , mandatory is just a word ) draft for a while . 
  this article is about the fact that since it is there , it only makes sense to have everyone join in . 
  now , should we have mandatory draft at all ? 
  we have a professional fighting force ( telemark batallion ) as well as some very good special forces , and those are the only soldiers that are sent into combat or tense regions . 
  for example , telemark batallion was recently participating in the nato training in the baltics , and is part of the spearhead force of nato . 
  the drafted soldiers , on the other hand , are only really trained in defense , and as others have said have a service of 12 months with 3 weeks of refresher courses every 3 years as the stated norm ( but it happens less frequently for many ) . 
  as long as we are drafting soldiers for the defense force , there is no reason why only men should be drafted now that the gender gaps are closing in other areas as well . 
  men lost a year to women in higher education , that was arguably balanced out by women staying home with kids for a while until they could go to daycare . 
  these days , men have to take time off for kids as well ( some of it is mandatory ) , so that difference is not there anymore , which makes the loss of a year for military service more significant . 
  part of the criticism towards the process was that the vote was to be decided by a 51/49 split . 
  typically , such a major upheaval of any situation requires a `` supermajority '' , i.e. 
  a 66/34 split . 
  i am very happy to see the solid turnout , as you say , it 's a victory of sort for democracy . 
  western nations have had a tendency to have low voter turnouts on everything these past year ( at least it seems that way ) , so this is definitely a major step forward and a victory in itself . 
  as a norwegian there 's no doubt that it would be interesting to see an independent scotland that we could have a closer relationship with . 
  on the other hand , i ca n't help but think that this was the right decision at the moment given the ups and downs in europe . 
  it felt like the cry for independence came more from the heart than from the head , but in the end the head won out . 
  congratulations on the election scotland , well fought on both sides !, 
  naturally , being norwegian i 'm biased as all hell , but i agree . 
  i was surprised looking at this list cause i thought we had more than one at least , but i found out that we do actually only have one natural heritage , the rest are classified as cultural . 
  and seriously , one natural heritage for norway ? 
  places like ( do an image search on these and you 'll see what i mean ) lofoten , jotunheimen , dovrefjell , finnmarksvidda and svalbard do n't qualify ? 
  i do n't mean to jump on the other places that have been marked as heritage sites , they are all beautiful , but to me it 's kind of weird . 
  no , i said the law states when you * can not * fire it . 
  the law is restrictive , it starts from the perspective that `` everything is legal and these are the restrictions '' , i.e. 
  this is what you * can not do * . 
  it is not a * permissive * ruleset , i.e. 
  it starts that you are not allowed to do anything and the law permits you to do stuff . 
  now , i went through [ v\u00e5penloven ] ( https://lovdata.no/dokument/nl/lov/1961-06-09-1 ) and i simply can not find something that supports your position . 
  firing a gun within your own premises , outside of creating dangerous situations/scaring people appears to be perfectly legal . 
  i can not find that * discharging * your weapon in and by itself is illegal . 
  i also struggle to see the logic . 
  if i go hunting , and when we are starting out , if we do some testshots , we are breaking the law ? 
  that does n't make sense to me . 
  i will reiterate that i do agree mostly in principle , discharging a weapon in oslo , or even any place near other people , will land you in trouble . 
  again : discharging your weapon is not illegal , that would make hunting illegal . 
  weapons are regulated by `` v\u00e5penloven '' , and the law states when you can not fire your weapon , but does not ban shooting in general . 
  it 's not even technical , plenty of people do do target practice on remote farms , and it 's perfectly legal . 
  if you have any sources that discharging a weapon is illegal i 'd love to see it . 
  i 'm not being sarcastic , i genuinly would like to know as it would contradict my understanding of the law . 
  but i never disputed that . 
  what i 've said all along is that the act of shooting a gun is in and by itself not illegal . 
  where and why you 're shooting may make that act a crime , however . 
  clearly , shooting a gun in oslo would be illegal due to both public disturbance and danger posed to others despite legally owning the weapon . 
  however , if you live on a farm in the middle of nowhere , you can shoot at tin cans at your hearts content . 
  * edit : keep in mind the original question i replied to : `` is it illegal to shoot yourself ? '' . 
  the answer i 'm trying to give is : not necessarily , it all depends on the circumstances . 
  but it is n't illegal to discharge your weapon . 
  the result from the discharging , on the other hand , can be - and this includes discharging your weapon in a residential area which can lead to very dangerous situations . 
  so it does not follow that it is illegal to shoot yourself , it follows that it is illegal to discharge a weapon in that particular place . 
  as far as i know the act of shooting yourself is not illegal , but the reason for doing so might - such as fraud ( as this appears to be ) . 
  suicide used to be illegal in norway , but is n't anymore , so you can shoot yourself or injure yourself with a knife without legal repercussions . 
  goddammit reddit , stop misusing the downvote button , longes is not only correct , it 's the first paragraph of the article !, 
  `` russia 's proposed restrictions on condom imports would make citizens more `` disciplined , '' and may also help raise the birth rate , a cabinet adviser and former public health chief was quoted by russian media as saying . '', 
  oh your username and this article , i love it !, 
  by his own words he has apparently been the target for potentially fatal attacks two times before , all 3 incidents happening around blindern , and with a surprising lack of apprehensions by police . 
  m\u00fcnchausen or something . . ? 
  pffft , if you want to look at representative music , you ca n't go wrong with `` weather forecast metal '' in a music video featuring mountains , snow and musicians dressed for the occasion . 
  i 've heard so , but never been able to go ( given where i live . . ) . 
  i 've been an lsu fan for a while and always wanted to go to death valley , but it 's just way too expensive to get there :( hopefully one day !, 
  could n't agree more , it 's disgusting . . 
  i remember some years back when mjd got flack in for kneeling at the goal-line , winning the game for the jaguars , but not gaining those sweet td points for fantasy owners . . and it 's only gotten worse since then . 
  josef mengele is more civilized than european soccer fans   giants really shit the bed on monday , so i 'm not setting my sights to high . 
  well , anything can happen in those rivalry games so i 'm sure it will be awesome regardless . 
  have a great time !, 
  that 's interesting , thank you . 
  and yes , i also 100 % blame the networks , which was really my entire point . 
  in addition to the commercials , i think they are over-saturating parts of the game now , and i 'm * not * a fan of all the fantasy football talk they seem obligated to put in to their broadcasts either . . 
  see ? 
  attacked the innocent families from miami who were just there to watch the game !, 
  it 's true , off course , but i was surprised by the lack of taxi 's coming in to the stadium . 
  the taxi queue got huuuuge . 
  from what i 've heard , their new stadium is n't really any better in terms of traffic since it 's in santa clara even more people have to drive to get there . 
  whether that 's true or not i ca n't say . 
  haha , nice . 
  makes sense , they 're jets fans after all ( i 'm a dolphins fan myself ) worst thing about candlestick was trying to get a damn taxi after the game ended . . you 'd think they 'd have that `` traffic '' thing worked out after a few years . . 
  huh , this is really interesting . 
  i have talked to american colleagues who have confirmed the same thing ; the ref crew get an a-okay when they are back from commercial , it 's all coordinated . 
  i remember distinctly when i was at the game that there was an injury timeout , the injured player got off the field and everybody was just standing around . 
  the ref blew the whistle and they got underway . 
  now that i think about it though , is n't an injury time-out 40 or 45 seconds , which would make coordination easy ? 
  he 's the catcher . 
  he communicates with the pitcher on what type of throw the pitcher should make , and the catchers job is to make sure he does that : ** catch ** the ball . 
  if the ball is off and he ca n't hold on to it , players might start stealing bases . 
  i was at candlestick park for the game i watched , and i 'm not gon na lie ; that tailgating stuff was fucking awesome . 
  the atmosphere was just electric . 
  hours and hours of fun before the players had even arrived at the stadium . 
  i was blown away by that . 
  that 's you reading a lot into what i wrote . 
  never once did i say anything even resembling that . 
  i agree that the typical structure is not conducive to a flowing game similar to rugby ( though the ducks in college as well as eagles , pats and colts have used hurry-up/no-huddle to a certain effect ) , but i was talking about commercial breaks and they do n't happen in between plays . 
  do i think there are too many commercials in the nfl ? 
  fuck yes . 
  but there 's a far cry from thinking there are too many commercial breaks to thinking american football is shitty because of greedy corporations . . 
  no , he was replying to my post before that , none of this was about waiting in between plays ( at least that was never the intention ) . 
  as for the production , you 're right off course , but * afaik * the referee wo n't blow the whistle to start the playclock until the tv is back from commercial . 
  is this wrong ? 
  i have never seen them come back from commercial to a play that is already underway . 
  right , way to read what i said .
