   becoming a dictatorship venezuela has been a dictatorship since the begining of the 21st century century , it 's not becoming one just now . 
  these maps always fucking bundle several regions of bulgaria along with sofia , so we ca n't get our own tiny , dark-green island like the rest of eastern europe . 
  1 . procedures were not followed in selecting contractors . 
  2 . eu regulations required that the pipe is owned by the local country and can be used by others ( to promote free market principles ) and in any direction ( to reduce the dependency on individual countries ) . 
  russians demanded the pipe is used only by then , only for russian gas , 1 direction only . 
  this was non-negotiable for them and ultimately lead to them cancelling the project . 
  because it would be paid for mostly by the bulgarian state , and would benefit mostly the russian state ( since buglaria would not be allowed to use it in any way ) . 
  this is without even taking into account the knock-on effects from corruption . 
   they 're pretty nationalistic nationalistic socialists in germany ? 
  worrying . 
  little detail not mentioned - south stream was in blatant breach of eu regulations and blatantly against bulgarian interests . 
  when asked for a more balanced and less illegal deal , the russians backed off immediately instead of negotiating in good faith . 
  in comparison , nord stream is only of questionable legality and only slightly against long-term geman interests ( it still should not be allowed ) . 
  the same thing they have been working hard on since the election - completely isolate poland from all neighbours and allies . 
   which kind of enemy are you preparing against ? 
  there are several agressive neighbours and globabl threats to worry about , while most of the eu is effectively disarmed , barely able to maintain and operate tiny expeditionary forces , let alone wage a defensive war or any other large-scale operation . 
   nato already by far outspends any potential enemy merely `` outspending '' a potential enemy is not enough , especially if some of those `` potential enemies '' cook the books to mask their actual spending , or get cheaper military production due to a more centralised state and less concern with citizens ' welfare . 
   i think france , usa and britain have a much too high military budget . 
  of these , only the usa has a reliably functional military . 
  by your example , we should be aiming at the usa 's ~ 3.3 % of gdp spending instead of merely ~ 2 %, 
  somebody got drunk and smoked in the ammo dump . 
  or somebody sold 30 % of the ammo on the black market and and inspection was due soon . 
  feta is uniquely greek though . 
  bulgarian white cheeese have a completely different ( and superior ) taste . 
   assault rifle that melts i tacitly agree with your overal sentiment , but this is widely known to be bulshit . 
  the rifle does not `` melt '' , it merely overheats and loses accuracy when subjected to tests intended for fucking machine guns . 
  most assault rifles would not even survive the test , merely overheating is actually an achievement . 
  amazon.de usually ships the german version of products ( in german , clumsy censorship , higher quality packaging ) which might not be what everybody is looking for . 
  evil eu keeps trying to force members to curb corruption and respect rule of law . 
   why would you even admit ... ? 
  trump knows his target audience and voter base . 
  what a weird situation . 
  dairy prices are through the roof ( cheese is literally more expensive than pork , chicken and lamb in many countries ) . 
  farmers complaining that the market price for ( cows ' ) milk is so low it 's driving them out of business . 
  and at the same time we 're running out of butter . 
  looking at bulgaria , i 'd say this map does not take into account whether the tanks are actually in working condition . 
  reminds me of those photo-galleries of north korea . 
  everything is so glossy and obviously arranged to look good . 
  the only hint of how bad things were is the complete backwardness of the rural areas . 
  that 's some 19th century stuff . 
  nah , at least 40 % of the people will support them against the evil eu , 10 % wo n't care , and at least 5 % will just leave the country ( thereby cementing pis eternal majority ) . 
  it 's actually `` a valley elevated only 500 + meters '' for natives . 
   watch the polish govt . 
  change their tune now . 
  you 're assuming they 're not actually aiming for article 7 . 
  the territories were at least partially depopulated , like any border area that was subjet to raiding . 
  whether the remaining population was majority slav or romaion was up to debate i guess . 
   the bulgarians get their name from the volga bulgars the bulgars that settled near the danube did not come from the volga territories.both the buglar state of the balkans and the bulgar state of the volga territories were ofshoots ( rump states ) of an earlier bulgar state . 
   they call themselves tatars nowadays the russian government calls them that as part of suppressing their cultural identity . 
   ohrid ( city in modern day fyr macedonia ) was the capital of the first bulgarian empire it was only the capital for a while during the last days of the 1st buglarian state , when the capital of tarnovo was already lost . 
  and before tarnovo , pliska used to be the capital . 
  tarnovo was also the capital of the 2nd bulgarian state ( the tsarevets ruins are from that period ) . 
  ohrid was a regional capital and a very important center of learning . 
   bulgaria was thracian before it got conquered by the bulgars . 
  by the time the bulgar reached the territories of present-day bulgaria , those lands were no longer thracian . 
  they were nominally part of the ( eastern ) roman empire , but in reality the romaion were driven out by slav raiding . 
  most likely the lands were heavily depopulated and settled by slav chiefdoms . 
   north dobruja was originally part of bulgaria but then got conquered by romania . 
  north dobruja was never part of the modern bulgarian state . 
   bulgaria first lost contemporary fyr macedonia after stefan dushan defeated them in the battle of velbazhd . 
  buglaria 1st lost that territory when conquered by the eastern roman empire . 
  of course , it also used to be romaion territory before it even became bulgarian . 
   the second bulgarian empire got conquered by the ottomans and then become partially independent in the early 20th century . 
  it became fully independent as the kingdom of bulgaria after winning the first balkan war against the ottomans . 
  the modern buglarian state was initially liberated near the end of the 19th century ( 1878 ) . 
  it achieved unification with eastern rumelia ( most of present-day southern bulgaria ) after mass local revolts in 1885 and immediately had to defend it - not against the ottoman empire that until that point nominally held eastern rumelia , but against serbian imperial ambitions ( backed by austro-hungarian interests ) . 
  greece also declare war but , lacking a common border , did nothing . 
   started the second balkan war because they wanted fyr macedonia but lost a lot of territory there . 
  they tried to reclaim that territory in ww2 but failed . 
  the balkan wars were the greatest diplomatic and strategic series of blunders in modern bulgarian history . 
  the main reason bulgaria entered the 1st buglarian war was to recover the bulgarian-majority territories in parts of macedonia and southern thracia . 
  but the bulgarian claims were not secured by proper treaties , so after the war , those territories were split between greece and serbia . 
  still dizzy from the amazing wins during the 1st war , and ignoring the massive losses suffered as well as the logistical and numerical problems with their plan , the buglarian government decided to start a war against its former allies , leading to further territorial loss . 
   ex-communist state . 
  commies and their stooges are still in power . 
  the current pm served in the state security and was later a bodyguard for todor zhivkov ( the former communist dictator ) . 
   the cyrillic alphabet was invented by the bulgarian brothers cyril and methodius . 
  the cyrillic aplhabet was developed by their students in bulgaria , but cyril and methodius were ( most likely ) not bulgarian . 
   there is a region in bulgaria unofficially called pirin macedonia , but the people from there do n't call themselves macedonians . 
  they consider themselves bulgarian in terms of nationality and macedonians in terms of regional identiy . 
  see also greek macedonia . 
   bulgarian and slavic-macedonian are mutually intelligible . 
  not as much anymore . 
  when the modern macedonia state was created by the communists , one of the goals was to create a new identity and new language wholly separate from their bulgarian roots ( because bulgarians had , time and again , shown themselves as too uppity for the liking of russians ) . 
  so it started very close , but soon will probably be harder to understand than serbian . 
   they use the lev instead of the euro . 
  but the bgn is pegged to the eur ( it used to be pegged to the dm ), 
  it was only true of two specific generations and is ( hopefully ) dying out now . 
  pis ( pretends to ) hate russia because the opposite would be political suicide , but are in large part doing putin 's bidding . 
  i 'm still bewildered by people equating left and liberal , considering a large part of left-wing ideologies are strongly anti-liberal . 
   in fact the moderate left ( for example the social democrats which gabriel is a member of ) and the far left have a historically really bad relationship . 
  it 's almost like the left-right split is an unhelpful oversimplification . 
  cancel a demo of 20.000 people because 1 % of them are assholes ? 
  the usual thing to do with provocateurs and arsonists is rough them up and hand them over to the police . 
  that is , assuming you really are interested in peaceful demonstrations and those really are a small minority of provocateurs . 
  the eu does operate under a consensus model , and nobody was `` pressganged '' . 
  they are not telling anyone anything but to adhere to international agreements they 've signed and respect their own laws . 
  it 's not their job to take over the duties of national government or fix their messes . 
  and even though parts of the eu would like to do more , it is an alliance , and specific members ( the ones that complain the loudest ) blocked everything , because they need to use an external threat to use as distraction and the evil eu to use as an excuse . 
   it 's also the rest of europe 's problem too though i absolutely agree , but the whole thing is only even an issue because national governments are being stupid and short-sighted about it .
