  it is in eastern europe at least . 
  `` green '' austria on warpath in support of german coal and russian gas . 
  please . 
  do n't lump all leftists in with the syriza fanboys . 
  well , it is focus after all . 
  does the army back me as well ? 
  because if i start talking about budget cut , closing loopholes , fighting organized crime , and increasing tax collection rate , there will be people on the streets and there will be assassins in my closet . 
  fighting the status quo has always been unpopular , but back then it was guaranteed political suicide , and possibly actual suicide . 
   readiness to leave the ez immediately clear they ran on the promise of not leaving the ez . 
   hms warspite unfortunately , the current ship ( sub ) of that name has already been retired . 
  let 's hope a new one is up soon , because this is the best name . 
  your mistake is in thinking syriza is a rational actor , instead of an ideologically motivated one . 
  the 5 months of stalling topped with a predictable last moment referendum are just their attempt to force a default while avoiding political blame . 
  is anybody surprised ? 
  what we need is to get rid of the `` great leader '' mentality . 
  we need an informed and motivated public . 
  and we need the institutions already present to be allowed to work , instead of being obstructed at every turn . 
  `` could '' ? 
  it 's common knowledge that he does so and receives plenty of praise and support in return . 
  1 . tsipras makes sure a deal is not reached , blames the eu 2 . ??? 
  3 . someone retires to a cushy position in gasprom, 
  check how bad things were in post-socialist countries before posting next time . 
  greece has not yet hit the bottom , but they might yet . 
  and of course , just like bulgaria , they will later blame reforms that were never implemented . 
  if russia has anything like the bulgarian sovietophilles , i 'd guess this is for them . 
  the old `` ussr was utopia , never failed , was illegaly dismantled by traitors from inside , kill all liberals '' crowd . 
  self-interest would mean deporting them immediately and landing their employers in jail . 
  using undocumented slave labor has detrimental effects on the entire us economy . 
  he hopes that he will be able to dismantle the system and replace it with his loyal cronies before his term is over . 
  he hopes media friendly to him will continually blast the investigative bodies untill the public takes his side . 
  he 's hoping that he 'd be able to do the same thing all eastern european ( and many western ) politicians have done since the 90s, 
  he gained a surge of patriotism , and created a cold conflict with the west . 
  patriotism he will ride to ever-rising popularity , and to crush anyone he dislikes by accusing them of being unpatriotic . 
  the conflict he will benefit from , as a way to motivate russians to `` endure the necessary hardships inflicted upon us by the west '' , maybe even to buy inferior , overpriced russian goods manufactured by his cronies ' companies . 
  it 's already working . 
  all the usual suspects from bulgaria in my facebook feed have started foaming at the mouth about killing or deporting all bulgarian muslims . 
  more than they usually do , that is . 
  if you assume they were not desperate patriots , but provocateurs , part of a movement opposed to the eu , it will start making more sense . 
  unfortunately , there 's little that can be done about it , when even the governments of western european countries opposed freedom , equality and fair competition , while peddling the myth of `` undemocratic '' eu institutions . 
  if anything , paradox games should make you question the legitimacy of the `` blue '' countries more , not less . 
  you answered your own question . 
  nikolay barekov, 
  so , the point is that contrary to what some people are saying , ai actually receives a minuscule amount of its financing from government donations ? 
  funny how a couple of omitted annotations change the context completely . 
  fyrom has zero connection to hellenic macedonia . 
  sputnik seems to be taking inspiration from \u041d\u0435!\u041d\u043e\u0432\u0438\u043d\u0438\u0442\u0435 ( bulgaria 's equivalent of the onion ) : http://www.nenovinite.com/ne/politika/7050/, 
  it 's really hard to tell with these articles sometimes . 
  after all , the reason people tend to mistake onion articles for reality is that sometimes real people 's opinion pieces are indistinguishable from satire . 
  and did n't you also vigorously defend that article ? 
   that is a middle finger to the greeks . 
  giving the finger to all of the balkans must be something of a hobby to the fyrom government . 
  they keep laying claims on bulgarian artefacts and national heroes as well . 
  some nice exercise for the special forces at least . 
  i 'm trying really , really hard to find a good side to this nonsense of turning what should have been an international police action into a military operation . 
  and delicious , delicious knedli, 
  in bulgaria specifically , they are neither an insignificant part of the population ( at leas 30 % ) , nor are they shy about outright supporting russian interests - e.g. 
  unconditional support southstream against bulgarian law and bulgarian interests . 
  some fringe cases have outright stated that they will support a hypothetical russian occupation of bulgaria and a return to pre-1989 patron-puppet relationship . 
  hungary , slovakia , bulgaria , even romania still have pro-soviet and pro-putin cliques . 
  some of which have openly stated that they put russian interests ahead of their nation 's interests . 
  and argentina has been talking about the falkland islands ... 
  do we have any indication it will have actual advanced active protection ? 
  era does not qualify as `` advanced '' any more . 
  while you probably intended this as a cheap anti-west jab , it 's a valid question . 
  as i mentioned above , all signs so far point at russia lacking the materials science to produce nano-crystal alloys , and possibly even something approaching advanced 3rd generation composite armour found on the leopard 2a6 . 
  given that , and the fact that russia has a sizable du stores , has du ammunition , and has abstained on votes to ban du for military use , it is possible the t-14 could use du-composite armour similar to that on most modern m1 tanks . 
  we have not seen anything about these tanks yet , so it 's pure speculation if they outperform even the m1a2 . 
  the stated goals of the t-14 will produce a very good tank , more hi-tech and better capable of independent operations than the both the m1a2 and the m1a3 , but there are a few caveats . 
  the first problem is the difference in roles - the abrams is intended as part of a combined arms doctrine , so it does n't need the radar and aa capabilities of the t-14 . 
  little is known about the armor , but it likely will be less impressive than on current gen french , uk , japanese and korean tanks , as russia simply lacks the materials science know-how . 
  and lastly , considering the problems with the pak fa , it 's too early to say when the t-14 will be ready to be introduced in mass quantities . 
  maybe it wo n't arrive any earlier than the m1a3 , even taking into account the constant delays that project is experiencing . 
   this sub , generally , seem to view the cutting of benefits/public sector in general and the privatization of state property as the only way out of financial crisis . 
  one could be fully keynessian in their economic beliefs ( so fully anti-austerity ) and still argue against populist policies or in favour of privatisation . 
  and my guess about people believing the government sector to be inefficient and corrupt is personal experience ( including from being part of it ) - especially in eastern and southern europe . 
   do you not learn about this in school ? 
  ussr era history education was a mix of fairy tales and propaganda . 
  most of eastern europe still has not recovered from this , i imagine russia is no better . 
  well , it was n't for nothing . 
  the new european colonies kept the ussr alive and relevant for decades longer than would have been otherwise possible . 
  in bulgaria , many would say that the communist regime had a positive impact on education . 
  however , the fact is that it was always at odds with the intelligentsia and many teachers were sent to camps or forced to become laborers and farm workers in the early decades of the regime . 
  one thing that contributes to this perception is that on several occasions bulgarian students from elite schools were compared to average scores from other countries ( similar to the way china only samples shanghai region for pisa ) . 
  having experienced the competence level of engineers and administrators educated in those years , i am highly skeptical on whether education really was that good back then . 
  if it ever comes to that , we 'll probably find that a large portion of the archives have been `` lost '' as it happened when bulgaria tried to declassify the old state security dossiers . 
  romanians are called like that because the bulgarians forcefully migrated romans to wallachia and moesia out of thrace and macedonia following raids and conquests . 
  this was done to speed up assimilation of the new territories , and to use the romans as a buffer against some of the northern nomads and slavs . 
  as far as meaningless diplomatic gestures go , our government should probably publicly acknowledge this and apologize at some point . 
  ok , first - free movement within the union is not discriminatory . 
  that 's like saying free movement between wales and south-east england is discriminatory . 
  and i doubt farage would ever support universal free movement of labour . 
  and then there 's the problem with his usual targets - he does n't complain about germans , he does n't complain about the dutch or the belgians or luxembourgian . 
  he complains about specific ethnicities , relying on popular stereotypes to earn support , and dodging any accusations of bigotry by hiding behind this `` non-discriminatory '' nonsense . 
  his whole argument rests on negative stereotypes about certain ethnicities . 
  otherwise he would be forced to actually tackle the very complex issues of a unified market . 
  exactly that , yes . 
  he does n't like free movement of labour , and has been saying so for quite a while now , using specific countries as a target . 
  no matter how hard you try to push it , the idea that his policies are `` non-discriminatory '' remains bullshit . 
  ukip supporters just seem to be louder and more persistent than the rest of you . 
  map is very inaccurate .
