  look at bulgaria - it treates the entire south-west corner as a single unit , so it fails to show the extreme difference between the capital and the rest of the south-west . 
   his policy is that country of origin should not matter his entire argument is that he does not like being in a union with certain countries . 
  so , quite the opposite of what you claim . 
  and he is using stereotypes in lieu of arguments . 
  he 's also overlooking the fact that bulgaria has an explosively growing it sector with eu-renowned specialists . 
  he is betting on ignorance and prejudice . 
  it could be suffering from the russian counter-sanctions ? 
  do n't you have a quorum requirement ? 
  at least 50 % of representatives have to be in session for it to count as valid . 
  maybe the article skipped a zero ? 
  usa : `` ok , really , this whole frozen conflict is getting nowhere iran . 
  what do you say to trying to smooth things over , resume trade , we 're de-facto allies against isis anyway , and we can both benefit from trade and peace between our nations . '', 
  eu : `` when it happens guys , we 'll make billions together . 
  we 'll all be richer . '', 
  russia : `` who needs trade , peace and wealth , when you can have weapons . 
  right iran , right ? 
  you still like me more than them , right ? '', 
  lack of demand , yes . 
  and lack of initiative by those in power , who only stand to loose from revealing the past . 
  oil is used for more than just burning it you know . 
  like , lubricants , plastics , resins , fibers and other materials . 
  petrochemicals see some use in pharmaceutics as well iirc . 
  centuries from now ( if humanity survives ) people will be incredulous at the fact that we burned the stuff . 
  every time the communists gather in bulgaria , there is at least one senior citizen holding up the portrait of stalin . 
  note that this is not the patriarch as the headline seems to imply . 
  so for all we know , this guy could be generally decent ... 
  russia still produces a lot of excellent music , cinema and tv . 
  it has seen a sharp drop with the current surge in nationalism , and politically motivated bans have returned as a factor , but it 's simply not true that they are completely culturally irrelevant . 
  in addition to the rather good new cultural works i mentioned above , russia still behave culturally imperialistic towards its minorities - mostly pushing the reactionary culture of pre-1992 . 
  which might be petty and evil , but still means they are not irrelevant . 
  the state is influenced ( and sometimes ran ) by former politbureau members , siloviks and their connections . 
  in several recent high-profile cases , foreign ambassadors have used their influence to fight the omnipresent corruption ( not completely out of charity , foreign businesses suffer when they try to compete against the criminal-political complex ) . 
  to fight back , media held by politicians with close ties to `` certain politicians '' have started insinuating that foreign ambassadors are dictating internal policies and that they have no right to do so . 
  because speaking out against corruption is wrong , apparently . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jan/19/-sp-thousands-britons-claim-benefits-eu my bad . 
  it appears to be `` equal percentage '' while half as much in absolute numbers . 
  the original news source where i read this was probably biased against the uk , and left me with the wrong impression . 
  my apologies . 
  there are more uk citizens receiving welfare in other eu countries , than citizens of other eu countries receiving welfare in the uk . 
  the uk ambassador in bulgaria is actually very well regarded - both for his extremely insightful speeches , and the fact that he bothered to learn bulgarian ( and speaks it better than some native speakers ) . 
  in bulgaria , opinion on the ambassadors of the uk , france and germany can generally give you a very good indication of one 's political leanings . 
  because they have a history of speaking out against corruption , in favor of bulgarian interests , and against anti-liberalism , they tend to be strongly disliked by a specific segment of the population . 
  was gon na mention the same . 
  \u0410\u0442\u0430\u043a\u0430 only got in parliament thanks to the imperfections of our electoral system , and has fortunately been growing increasingly irrelevant . 
  this is more victorian britain with `` poor houses '' and the like . 
  only somehow less viable and just as humane . 
  we can actually see your post history , you know that , right ? 
  and you are right , we do get plenty of training . 
  just looking at the actions and words of the usual suspects in bulgarian media is very educational on its own . 
   what foreign flag are you under ? 
  he thinks nato is a state . 
   and is probably unfamiliar with flag protocol . 
  another prolific pro-russian poster immediately coming to his defence does n't exactly constitute proof of the opposite . 
  reliable source please . 
  some people long for the days when bulgaria was a soviet colony . 
  russia has stated its intention to use nuclear weapons to `` de-escalate '' conventional warfare since 1999 - a doctrine pushed by putin before he was president , following the results of zapad-99 , which showed the ( then ) sad state of the russian armed forces . 
  they have re-stated the intent to use nuclear weapons again in 2009 , 2013 , 2014 and 2015 , including threats of first strike against the us and eu . 
  regarding the baltic states ... the people currently in power are the heirs of the ones that carried out the original annexation , and russian popular support for restoring the empire has been widespread even before putin . 
  the russian army has been conducting training scenarios regarding invasion of the baltics , poland and belarus . 
  i am not sure why anybody would be surprised . 
  thinking that the eu leaders had a cunning plan to ditch greece that somehow involved spending billions for no gain and losing face both at home and abroad is outright conspiracy theory stuff ... 
  which all sound like very strong reasons against immigration , or at least in favour of government measures that make sure immigrants join the workforce as equals , not slave labour . 
  and a 2 % y-y unemployment decrease for bulgaria . 
  by the way ... interesting that a link to a headline about bulgaria , from a bulgarian source , transforms into a post focusing on germany and greece . 
  got ta love the `` you are 70 years late '' banner they met the convoy with . 
  same as always then . 
  victoria 2 reference, 
  the eu is always impressive when put together . 
  bulgaria and serbia did not have strong medieval states at the time of the ottoman invasions . 
  they had a pathetic squabbling mess , and local rulers happily allied themselves with the ottomans or became their vassals , supplying them with troops . 
  that 's what made these invasions possible . 
  the ottomans on their own had neither the demographic , nor economic , nor military potential to conquer the balkans . 
  it 's funny how soros is bogeyman of both reactionary right-wing nuts and communist nuts . 
  your daily proof that the so-called eurosceptics actually just do n't want anyone getting in their way of dismantling their home country . 
  nostalgia and propaganda . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but in bulgaria we still teach bogus history according to pre-89 party doctrine , the government is full of criminals and oligarchs directly related to the former regime , and we 're inundated with talk of the good old times , and the sunset of the west . 
  all major bulgarian beer brands launched pre-89 nostalgia-fuelled marketing campaigns last year , that should tell you something . 
  not every country is like slovenia , poland and romania . 
  and looking at the course poland is currently on ... 
   it 's a russian pope ( and ukrainian one , unfortunately ) time for ukraine 's chruch to go autocephalous ; maybe use the occasion to return to mainstream orthodoxy . 
  stop looking at the sky !, 
   i greatly prefer the bulgarian approach to border security ... 
  the border grows more porous based on bribe size and how bad the weather is ? 
   seems bizarre . 
  `` how dare you criticize us , regardless of how well founded it is ! '', 
  welcome to eastern europe and the argument most often used to prop up local corruption . 
  `` how dare x interfere in the affairs of y ! '', 
  where x is the usa , eu , germany/france , national government , city government , an y is europe , the speaker 's nation , the speaker 's city , the speaker 's favourite quasy-legal business ... 
  1 . pis are undermining rule of law in poland . 
  2 . pis are sabotaging poland 's relations with its closest allies . 
  i think it should be obvious whose interest pis currently serves . 
  certainly not poland . 
   it 's insane how this forum pulled a complete 180 from neo-liberal , pro-eu to far-right . 
  brigading will do that to a forum . 
  by that logic , we should return the land to the romans ( or odrissians if you go further back ) . 
  socialist rule in eastern europe encouraged wide-spread corruption and horrible work ethics like the ones listed by the old man . 
  the punch-line is that these are considered benefits by the old man ( i.e. 
  `` do n't look down on us , we are in a better situation . '' ), 
  atanas karshakov was a bulgarian revolutionary . 
  safe to assume the rest of the people in the photo are also bulgarian .
