i am sure . 
  a lot of it was decommissioned , looted or stolen . 
  before they erected the new fence , there were places where the border was barely noticeable . 
  no , it 's mostly just fences and some wilderness , not nearly as militarized . 
  most of the questions need the `` your entire premise is wrong ! '', 
  option added to them . 
  others are trying to simplify complex issues to a binary answer . 
  economic left/right : 0.0 social libertarian/authoritarian : -5.08, 
   why on earth would these migrants ( who already know that they are being watched very closely by the local community ) even consider doing something so horrific ? 
  because this is likely what they routinely did back in their homeland . 
  for every number of refugees fleeing a war , there is at least some number of utter scum fleeing the same war ( or just stalking the refugees and profiting from them ) . 
  wow , just look at bulgaria taking off under liberal rule , stagnate after the first russian intervention ( ousting of ferdinand ) , and really drop after 1911 ( the nationalist-rusophile coalition ) . 
  the above is pure conjecture . 
  i am sure the reasons are far more complex and the connection is partial , at best . 
  in particular , a lot of the rusophiles of that period were also some of the most capable financiers and politicians of the period . 
  bulgaria has had criminals in power at least since 1919 , if not earlier . 
  and then things got even worse in 1935 . 
  and way , way worse in 1944 . 
  ca n't blame those on the usa and europe . 
  they would still be selling it illegally - because these are all unlicensed traders . 
  legalization might be the solution to society-wise problems , and a long-term blow against organised crime . 
  this particular problem however can only be solved by increased police presence . 
  western russia , caucasus region , karelia , murmansk , sakhalin , chukotka , sibir , tatarstan , kaliningrad enclave , transistria ; not to mention their significant influence , both fincancial and polytical in the balkans , central asia , asia minor and eastern europe . 
  there 's plenty to loose . 
  that would mean losing their empire the way the uk and france did - russia would never go for that, 
  they are hoping some unpaid intern with unauthorized access to documentation to hand it over to them . 
  they ca n't export what others do n't want to import . 
  eastern european elites are terrified the romanian scenario could happen to them . 
  that 's his point though . 
  he would prefer to have peace for our time . 
   i think he will do just as bad as michael foot in ' 83 . 
  we can only hope . 
   `` the government has not only banned communist symbols and outlawed the denial of communist crimes , but has also prohibited a number of communist parties from participating in its upcoming local elections . 
  this is hardly the hallmark of an emerging liberal democracy . '', 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  that 's not what that expression means . 
  like most bulgarian expressions that refer positively about something negative , this one is sardonic . 
  treason is , supposedly , `` a crime that covers some of the more extreme acts against one 's sovereign or nation '' . 
  in some states , attempts to depose the government or sabotage the economy are aconsidered explicit examples of treason . 
  personal gain is irrelevant . 
  both complaints fit this . 
   what can you do , its a huge land , reaching to the furthest asian corners . 
  same thing that was done to other colonial empires - dismantle it . 
   it 's evident varoufakis is not cut out to be a politician . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  he seems to fit the stereotype of a balkan politician to a t. 
  why is slovenia doing so great ? 
  could you please explain ? 
  because god forbid that food reach more accessible prices . 
  french farm-owners have benefited massively from operating in a common market , while enjoying ridiculous levels of protectionism themselves . 
  this has to end . 
  haji nicho ( \u0425\u0430\u0434\u0436\u0438 \u041d\u0438\u0447\u043e ) by lyuben karavelov . 
  it offers great insight and commentary into bulgarian society and culture . 
  it satirise pre-liberation bulgaria , but most of the points covered by it remain relevant - parenting , school system , corruption , fraud , etc. 
  then again , insane levels of corruption permeate the sector , so a lot of the regulations are meaningless . 
  bulgaria may benefit from external oversight . 
  at the moment , it feels like the intent is a catch 22 , but it might also be end up being more favourable : 1 ) debt restructuring will be negotiated , included and detailed in the deal . 
  2 ) the deal will make debt restructuring conditional ( e.g. 
  pending review ), 
  blaming soros for his downfall . 
  i see varoufakis has gone full oresharski . 
  it makes perfect sense in context ( not just russia , but other post-soc countries ) - most people have internalized the truthism that you are either poor or you cheat ... and that cheating is the norm . 
  so you grumble at those better off for being immoral swine , and you laugh at those bellow for being naive fools . 
  this is nothing new either - bulgarian writers have observed this attitude as early as the 19th century . 
  the only thing that changed is that the communist regimes in eastern europe managed to make this the attitude of the majority . 
  so next time you wonder what drives corruption in eastern europe up ? 
  here 's one of the reasons - cheating has been normalized . 
  it ' really , really , really simple . 
  russia never transitioned to actual free-market capitalism . 
  they had a sabotaged transition that kept most of the same people at the top and a corrupt privatization process that kept most of the wealth and power with people related to the old regime . 
  people did give a shit ... the first decade . 
  after that , the old guard regained control of the narrative and began heavy suppression of all opposition . 
  now some people still give a shit , but even if they dare to speak up , chances are most russians will not hear about it . 
   they patrol those areas 24/7 , but there is still not a word from them ... time to start worrying . 
  if syriza splits off , the splinter most likely will be the stalinists representing the party 's past . 
  besides , it 's not like the bulgarian orthodox church is any better than the russian . 
  the interview is more damning of varoufakis than anyone else , and that is if we take him at his word - which he has given us ample reason not to . 
  working on a plan to force a grexit behind the backs of his constituents ... 
  being incapable of comprehending what the eurogroup is , despite spending months supposedly negotiating with them ... 
  maybe it 's just me , but neither the reforms , nor the language strike me as `` harsh '' . 
  a similar arrangement would have been a boon to bulgaria in the 90s . 
  especially the external oversight on privatisation . 
  guardian should have fact-checked before publishing outright falsehoods `` their readers flagged '' . 
  now i have to wonder : 1 ) i tended to trust their journalism - what other falsehoods have i accepted as fact because of the guardian in the past ? 
  2 ) should i continue reading the guardian at all ? 
  looking at your post history , this is probably going to be a waste of time , but here goes : the original deal that got floated by oresharski 's government basically required for bulgaria to construct the pipeline and then gift it to gazprom - no ability to use the pipeline , no ability to control or even monitor it , nothing - only the promise of a potential `` 500mln per year '' , which was dubious given past history . 
  after months of daily protests and pressure from the eu ( the one-sided nature of the deal was against eu regulations ) , the government caved in and requested that the deal respect all eu regulations - i.e. 
  that bulgaria own the pipeline on its territory , monitor the flow on its own , and reserve the ability to use it for gas not originating from gazprom . 
  that is when talks were unilaterally terminated , and politicians close to gazprom started talking about `` ungrateful little bulgaria '' . 
  the message was clear - gazprom was not interested in a fair deal . 
  the original deal was also swamped by obvious corruption - such as going through protected territories , lack of transparency in choosing construction companies , etc. . . these alone made the original deal against bulgarian interests , but the fault for those was solely on the bulgarian side . 
  south stream was against bulgarian interests , and violated eu regulations . 
  the only reason it got as far as it did was because the government at the time was massively corrupt even by bulgarian standards . 
  not much , despite ample promises of reform . 
  so , mostly same as usual . 
  cezch beer is great , but shumensko cherveno and zagorka retro are perfectly fine beers . 
  i 'm sorry , i lost my ability to can - i was temporarily stunned by how obscenely wealthy every point of the maps was ... 
  and on what do you base the assumption that `` most people here love him '' . 
  populism is regrettable , regardless of whether it is performed by tsipras , merkel or the european liberals . 
  edit - also , that speech is not great , but is outright tame compared to some of the nonsense that we 've seen from syriza .
