  the territory is part of present day greece , but at the time it was part of the ottoman empire , and predominantly ethnically bulgarian . 
   other than the fact that it 's from rt ? 
  you are right . 
  it must be pure coincidence that one of the russian propaganda channels is trying to paint the party russia finances in a positive light . 
  to make it worse , most european infrastructure is in a desperate need of maintenance and expansion . 
  this is the narrative reactionaries have used to justify themselves since the 19th century . 
  give it a couple of days with manipulative headlines , and he will be considered one . 
   how do you define propaganda ? 
  words have meanings . 
   is that not exactly what pluralism is ? 
  and no , `` showing all sides '' does not mean showing propaganda either ( unless you specifically note it as such and present it for study ) . 
  i do n't consider the modern nation-state of bulgaria to be a direct descendant of the medieval bulgarian empires ( same with greece and the eastern roman empire ) . 
  if we did , then yeah , nothing can beat those ~ 700 years they `` shared '' . 
  perhaps surprisingly , it is serbia : 1 ) unification war - serbia is goaded by the great powers into attacking bulgaria while the bulgarian army is deployed on the border with turkey . 
  serbian army gets defeated , great powers enforce a ceasefire to prevent further strengthening of bulgaria . 
  the unification is recognized . 
  for daring to support the will of his ( adopted ) country , alexander batenberg , prince of bulgaria , is deposed by the rusophile faction shortly after . 
  2 ) second balkan war - bulgaria leads a spectacularly poor diplomatic effort , and a lot of ethnic bulgarian territories end up in foreign hands ( mostly serbia ) during the 1st balkan war . 
  bulgaria turns on its former allies . 
  everybody dog-piles bulgaria . 
  bulgaria loses a lot of territory . 
  3 ) the great war - still bitter about the balkan wars , and about constantly getting put down by great powers , bulgaria joins the central powers . 
  central powers lose , treaty of neuilly-sur-seine makes bulgaria cede even more territories . 
  4 ) second world war - another attempt to recover bulgarian territories , and vain attempt to balance between germany and the ussr to avoid getting steam-rolled . 
  serbia is the main target of bulgarian aggression . 
  technically , a communist coup puts bulgaria on the side of the `` winners '' near the end of the war , but was treated as a loser at the peace talks . 
  ethnic bulgarians are heavily suppressed in neighbouring countries , to prevent further bulgarian irredentism . 
  5 ) kosovo war - bulgaria played absolutely no role in this war , and did not authorize nato use of bulgarian airspace . 
  some chetniks still consider it a stab in the back from bulgaria . 
  that 's exactly why bulgarians find the joke funny . 
  all the jobs and wealth of the country is concentrated in a few large cities and small towns . 
  most of it in sofia . 
  by unofficial counts , more than 30 % of the working adult population is working or living in sofia . 
  the average wages are higher , the life-style is more expensive , etc. 
  which sounds very impressive , until you realise that due to the imperfections of our electoral system , sofia has disproportionally tiny political representation . 
   what do they hope to accomplish by this diplomatic mess they are currently producing ? 
  conspiracy theory answer : help their benefactor , comrade putin . 
  cynical answer : make poland great again . 
  they are just that incompetent . 
  more cynical answer : employ the methods of putin , erdogan , etc. 
  to latch onto power for as long as possible . 
  you are greatly over-estimating the intellect of the average person ( everywhere , not just ee ) , and you are under-estimating the power of the ex-kgb propaganda machine that has been hard at work since the 90s . 
   are the voters happy with this kind of brain-melting logic ? 
  yes . 
  this kind of brain-melt is wide spread in reactionary voters throughout eastern europe , and hungary has had a reactionary majority for a while . 
  in fact , it 's so bad that orban is now almost appearing as a moderate reactionary compared to alternatives . 
  russia 's contribution to the serbian economy is near-zero . 
  china , and likely the us are the main contributors . 
   why is this the case when they 're just voting on a more integrated justice system ? 
  i 'm not sure i get all this . 
  a slippery slope argument . 
  that 's contrary to all i hear from my female friends in turkey - the ban ensured a measure of equality . 
  it 's repeal has had a strong , negative effect on the live of all secular turkish women . 
  moscow is not the centre of the orthodox church . 
  orthodoxy has multiple autocephalos churches and the `` mother church '' is still the patriarchate of constantinople , not moscow . 
  hats off for romania . 
  when the same thing happened in bulgaria , nobody resigned . 
  also , happy cake day . 
  there is , however , a need to check the `` competitors '' . 
  engineering is not magic . 
  it 's unlikely that only one manufacturer would be forced to choose between making their cars either clean or powerful , while all the rest hold some secret technique that allows them to do both . 
  oh no , someone values humans more than national borders , how horrible . 
  they have always done the right thing . 
  it 's interesting that mega-corporations protect our interests more often than governments do where the internet is concerned , even if it 's just because our interests coincide . 
  it was the council that lead us here , i.e. 
  national governments . 
  once more , remove national governments . 
  this . 
  for all that the majority of meps are stupid , the responsibility for the current state of the proposal lies with the council i.e. 
  national governments . 
  yes . 
  parliament can repeal or amend it later , or add further legislation to strictly regulate the use of `` fast-lanes '' , e.g. 
  limiting them to emergency services only . 
  i would n't bet on that happening though - we got the current cluster-fuck after an earlier ep proposal in favour of net neutrality was blocked by national governments . 
  so , for all that the ep is to blame for accepting the current legislation , national governments bear the majority of the blame . 
  again . 
  always . 
  they should n't even ask - you should have received all ballots ( and decide for yourself whether to turn in a valid ballot for the referendum ) . 
  the way so many local commissions acted against the law is , unfortunately , a solid argument in favour of e-voting . 
   voting isnt perfect right now , but its very , very good . 
  this is wrong . 
  voting is handled atrociously now and the referendum demonstrated things perfectly - local commissions sabotaged the referendum repeatedly , is multiple locations , in clear violation of both referendum laws . 
  local abuse , constant fraud and hundreds of small ways to sabotage the electoral process have become the norm . 
  e-voting will , at worst , be exactly as bad , but will at least reorient the electoral fraud market towards it specialists , 
  this happens so often with new military hardware , it 's probably safer to assume that journalists are always wrong when they start hyping a new weapon being a failure . 
  treatment of blacks in the usa was actually a subject that nazi propaganda did cover - mostly in the tone of `` why would you fight for a country that oppresses you openly ? '', 
  same for colonialism by european powers - it was probably a gesture of political convenience but they encouraged independence for colonies ( especially british colonies ) and arab nationalism . 
  assaulting anyone , really . 
  `` why even call yourself christian if you 're willing to distort the holy bible by translating it to a language other than latin ? '', 
  explicitly , the 1200bgn is a single example , for a specific position ( certified cow-herd ) . 
  large parts of the country have high unemployment and low wages . 
  some regions have negative unemployment and significantly higher wages . 
  the high wage cited is for a single example - the position of qualified cow-herd - a position that requires a higher degree of skill and responsibility than the name might imply . 
  do n't worry , sarmatae hates bulgaria too . 
  french elections 2017 ? 
   please god , an isolationist usa . 
  last time they did that , we got ww2 . 
  ( i 'm only mostly joking ), 
  do n't get too smug about europe : 1 . trump is not an isolated case . 
  his success is part of a trend that affects europe .
