  it might or might not have something to do with the average voter being stupid and short-sighted about it . 
   only if you live in hungary . 
  let 's show a bit of european solidarity ? 
  if nothing else , that brand of stupidity is infectious and it pays to start taking it seriously asap . 
  the eu is not allowed to solved the immigration crysis . 
  otherwise it 's perfectly capable . 
  the nation states are allowed to attemp their individual solutions . 
  and , as history has already proven , they are completely incompetent when it comes to it ( otherwise we would n't even be having this `` crisis '' . 
  the eu itself has no budget and no sovereignity to do anything about this . 
  it 's currently the national government 's job to handle this ( and if you want a good visualisation at how well they are handling it , take a look at calais ) . 
  first , you did not address my point . 
  `` the right '' you are talking about are not very economically liberal as a rule . 
  `` austerity '' on its own is not liberal . 
  and protectionism is the exact opposite . 
  second , eu parliament parties are all full of dubious alliances in the name of securing the necessary votes . 
  both the epp and s&d , even the alde associate with outright criminals . 
  if you 're willing to equate merkel with orban , then i guess shultz is the same as dragnea . 
  third , do n't get so invested in this ridiculous `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  that 's how you get ridiculous two-party systems and slime like dragnea and trump on top . 
  instead , look at actual policies and actual impact of said policies . 
   economically liberal they are big proponents of protectionism , nationalisations , populist promises of money to the people , scaremongering about `` evil moneyed elites '' , etc. 
  and that 's just in western europe . 
  eastern european `` nationalists '' tend to be quite openly fond of the glory days of command economy . 
  so either the people in question are not the same `` right '' you 're referring to , or they 're not at all `` economicaly liberal '' . 
   but they ca n't arrest and deport them as they should . 
  nothing 's stopping them . 
  in fact , there 's probably something in the echr actually urging them to action , considering the `` inhuman '' conditions in the camp . 
  for some reason , french executive powers do not want to get their hands dirty actually processing the refugee/migrants/illegals and restoring law and order , and instead prefer to pass the buck to the british or to international insitutions . 
   echr the echr does not stop france from clearing up the camp . 
  all it does is mandate them to follow rule of law while doing so . 
  the responsibility , from the start has been on the french executive . 
   a politician you can support without reservations he 's in favor of curtailing fundamental liberties in the name of security ( not exactly what i 'd expect from a self-professed liberal ) and opposes strong encryption . 
  they had to imagine something is bad about germany to make their joke . 
  similarly , there is nothing wrong with british chefs or french mechanics . 
   how powerful is mafia in bulgaria it 's in government . 
  bulgaria is high because some of the post-communist oligarchs saw the value in actual work , actual investment and actually developing what they got , and what they got was a country over-hyped on it ( computers were a big deal in people 's republic of bulgaria due to john atanasov ) . 
  this resulted in the it boom in sofia and plovdiv and the rise of small companies like optix from the ashes of the crumbling socialist `` hi-tech '' sector . 
  do n't worry though , the mafia have noticed and started leeching on these sectors , pretty soon we 'll loose our lead . 
  bulgaira smart ( er than it 's neighbours ) . 
  come on romanians , ca n't we exchange some of our inovation for some of your anti-corruption ? 
  are you telling me that there are parties in the ep whose only purpose is to deny crimes committed by communist regimes ? 
  some people take single-issue voting to new extremes . 
  you have ep representation , you can try to convince your mep push this through on a eu level . 
  because , let 's be honest , the various communist legacy parties dominating eastern europe will never allow this to happen at a national level . 
   germany , france and italy are breaking the rules and has never been punished nonsense . 
  germany in particular is often taken to court and made to obey specific regulations ( e.g. 
  limit of government participation in companies , data retention , water pollution , waste handling , access to justice ) . 
  if anything , eu legislation is applied more strictly against the high-profile members ( in part because their citizens are more willing to take their government to court ) , while peripheral states are allowed to be as shitty as local politicians want to make them . 
   now , none of these things make the pm some angel or anything , but all the critical statements he made about his party 's leader can be good material for the oppositon unfortunately , the core electorate of this kind of party will either ignore or cheer on these things . 
   `` west bulgaria '' ? 
  that would be confusing , since it could refer to [ bosilegrad , etc. 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_outlands ) not that there 's a lot of surviving bulgarians there anymore . 
   every single briton who 's skilled in spying and technology away to the us or possibly europe the free brittons division will be the first to land when reverse normandie happens . 
   more `` isolationist '' . 
  the last time the usa tried that , we got 2 world wars . 
  or possibly shitty providers will now face stiffer competition and will have to adapt or die . 
  1 ) qatar makes pro-iran statements online . 
  2 ) qatar government claims these were the result of hack attacks . 
  3 ) gulf states condemn qatar funding of terrorism , isolate them diplomatically . 
  4 ) us security services back the `` it was russian hackers '' thesis . 
  5 ) isis attack against iran parlaiment . 
  6 ) government of turkey decides to back qatar as part of its geopolitical pivot towards putin . 
  7 ) trump backs the diplomatic isolation of qatar , brags he contributed . 
  because he 's an idiot and is getting played like a fiddle . 
  8 ) pentagon ( as always ) tries to correct trump without outright calling him an idiot whose every tweet undermines national security . 
   the regions around marseille are a fn stronghold the problem with your hypothesis is that those regions have always been a petainist stronghold . 
  people were already calling it czechia before the `` oficial '' revival of the name . 
  but it 's rf where they have them in government . 
   the products of large `` industrial '' farms will out-compete the more inefficient norwegian farms have you ever been to spain , italy or even bulgaria or greece ? 
  traditional farm can survive just fine , even without enjoying the ridiculous privileges enjoyed by french farmers . 
  or once in , you could go the way of the french and make sure the union helps your farmers to remain un-competitive . 
   army that we have is fine most eu states are effectively disarmed - lacking the supplies ( fuel , ammo , food , spare parts ) to operate their armies efficiently should an emergency arise . 
   neanderthal people 's front splitters . 
  while i appreciate your argument ...  do gun enthusiasts claim that gun control would be bad because then the country ca n't have functioning police force yes , yes they do . 
   not one domestic media that i know of has reported on this alleged russian meddling that 's how you know it 's probably true . 
  i 'm not the one supporting an ideology that thrives on inflicting `` necessary '' poverty on all but party elites . 
  ( on top of the killings ) :d, 
  nice try , but i 've lived through the kind of feudal dystopia your nonsensical ideology of hatred inevitably brings . 
  unfortunately , it 's getting there . 
  just today i had the `` pleasure '' of listening of someone froth about the `` bourgies '' being unfair to chavismo and descending into no-holds barred praise of the revolution , maduro and even north korea . 
  populist crazies are coming out of the woodwork ( and unsurprisingly , both the `` left '' and the `` right '' share the goal of demolishing western democracy even while they claim to be mortal enemies ) . 
  [ political cartoons 101 ] ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2008-07-02 ), 
   so if this law passes it is possible that no more reddit in the eu ? 
  try `` no more internet '' instead , with all the economic fallout this implies . 
   nowadays the situation is in the shitter i wonder if this has anything to do with russia-connected corrupt politicians being in power for most of the last 25 years , or the russia-sponsored separatist enclave , or the russian organised-crime groups ... 
  since that evolution of intersectionalist thought occurred within `` the anglosphere '' , i think serious academic circles will be less eager to quickly dismiss it as `` white supremacist '' . 
  one of the main points of intersectionality is rejecting one-dimensional categorisations like `` black feminist '' . 
   what kind of theories are used to oppose it ? 
  actual intersectionality , which would weep at the idea of `` blackfeminist '' exclusivity . 
  fortunately european academics are still somewhat focused on analysing and comparing ideas instead of just fanatically latching onto them without understanding . 
  in 5-6 crossings in the entire country , yes . 
  french and germans are more honest about their time spent actually working , instead of just spending time at the workplace , and have better labour laws so they waste less time in unpaid overtime . 
  what a ridiculous headline . 
  should n't we care that they are anti-eu or anti-democratic , populist , or compromised by their ties with a hostile government more than we care about them being `` anti-islam '' ? 
  if bulgaria focuses on self-defence , regional cooperation and fulfilling its nato obligations , it does n't have to be that expensive ( especially if they allow us to produce locally under license ) . 
  we mostly need to modernise our infatry equipment and infantry vehicles . 
  both approaches overlook the main problem our military already has - there 's not infrastructure to support it . 
  not enough guns , nor enough ammo for exercises . 
  not enough uniforms , nor enough barracks beds nor mess or recreational facilities to dress and house the rookies . 
  not enough training grounds , textbooks or cos to train the rookies .
