  who knows , we might get fn and afd in power before long . 
  2 . the usa is a world super-power . 
  remember what happened to markets after brexit ? 
  what may follow the us election might be worse . 
  3 . the usa is a security guarantor for a lot of countries ( most of europe for example , through nato ) . 
  what happens if they retract their guarantees ? 
  what happens if they decide to return to isolationism ? 
  4 . the usa is still one of the industrial super-powers . 
  if they decided to renege on all obligations to fight climate change , others are likely to follow . 
  and so on ... 
  churchill and victoria are probably rolling in their graves right now . 
   the only hate she gets here is from people either corrupted or who profit from corruption . 
  so . . 80 % of the old political class , 50 % of the total population aged above 30 , and ~ 80 % of print media ? 
  that 's because a lot of the tory back-benchers are either openly reactionary or radical nationalists . 
  both major uk parties seem held together by tradition and worrying about getting in parliament more than actual ideological unity . 
  so on one hand you have the party of classic liberals , neo-liberals , conservatives , reactionaries , radical nationalists and cheap populists , while on the other hand you have the party of social-liberals , social-democrats , socialists , stalinists , reactionaries and cheap populists . 
  keep the `` centre-right '' out of this . 
  they 're probably on your side regarding basic human rights and opposing the various flavours of fascism and national-socialism . 
  similarly conservatives . 
  recognising basic human rights is a conservative stance . 
  opposing them is radical or reactionary , but definitely not conservative . 
  this way it 's sort of telling which countries spend more time writing youtube comments instead of rapidly searching and browsing ... 
  so much for `` sovereignty '', 
   its not even random abuse because she looks and sounds as british as they come these attacks are meant to provoke a response and undermine british society . 
  violence and chaos and a surge of distrust are their aim . 
  so it make perfect sense to prioritize targeting `` model immigrants '', 
  and here we have a clear example of the kind of response those attacks want to provoke . 
  additional point of data - a lot of diesel drivers in eastern and southern europe ( including truckers ) never refill their diesel exhaust fluid . 
  so , yes , new or strictly maintained diesel trucks are fine , but there 's still too many old or poorly maintained trucks in circulation . 
  and especially in eastern europe way too many trucks that only pass emission tests through bribe . 
   corporatist fascism is as far removed from socialism as possible `` corporatist '' does not , as you might have assumed , mean `` for the benefit of large businesses '' . 
  indeed , corporatism was rather typical of stalinist and later eastern european `` socialism '' , even if it was not often called such . 
   and i really do n't get it . 
  it is weird , yes . 
  i blame it on a lot of people conflating political stances that are usually orthogonal to one another . 
  a long time ago . 
  it helps to remember that `` left '' and `` right '' are pointless bullshit categories , and the same `` left '' that is `` hostile to russia '' , i.e. 
  the social-liberals , moderates , social-democrats , etc. 
  have always been hostile to russia . 
  russia has mostly had friends among the political fringe , same as now ( and there 's plenty of european communists still vocally supporting russia ) . 
  on top of that , many see putin 's russia as a extremely far-right , so it gets more endorsements from nationalist , reactionary , and authoritarian parties across the west , and gets hate from socialists and progressives . 
   we 're planted on a european path and anybody that speaks against it is risking his political career unless he 's from the putin bought party ( public secret ) . 
  quite the contrary - you 're either part of the bb cult or the putin cult , or you 're going be a political pariah before long . 
   how do we know ? 
  the plane , even if it has the newest harpoons , lacks the range to meaningfully strike the russian navy in crimea without crossing into russian airspace . 
  if any russian navy ships out of port were in range of the plane 's missiles as it patrolled - that 's the entire point of marine patrols . 
   from the telegraph i was actually referring to the instances of russian aircraft `` buzzing '' usn naval craft ( to the point of going within range of the automated defences , good thing nobody was stupid enough to leave those on ) , not that telegraph nonsense . 
  so , it might as well really have been on a `` routine patrol '' when russian aircraft decided to approach to an unsafe distance . 
  which changes the story significantly . 
   are you sure it ca n't carry nuclear capable cruise missiles ? 
  officially , it can not . 
  otherwise anything is technically possible . 
  in this case it would require replacing the aircraft 's harpoons with the slam-er ( technically the same missile , but upgraded and modified for ground targets ) and then ( illegally ) modify the slam-er with the ( discontinued ) tomahawk-compatible w80 warhead ( since slam uses tomahawk warheads ) . 
  the p-8 is not a spy plane . 
  it 's an maritime recon/anti-ship aircraft . 
  if it was `` flying a regular patrol '' , it was most likely patrolling over allied airspace in the black sea . 
  or maybe context actually matters . 
  little things like : 1 ) the p-8 was not simulating an attack on russian assets 2 ) the p-8 was not intruding into russian airspace 3 ) the usa have not threatened to perform first strikes on russia 4 ) the usa have no repeatedly threatened to invade their neighbours , nor russia 5 ) the p-8 is a fucking marine-patrol/recon plane , not a nuclear-capable bomber . 
  so a proper comparison would be the earlier instances of russian aircraft flying at unsafe distances to us naval craft ( in black sea and baltic sea ), 
  try to look at the bright side of it - at least it minimizes the risk of actually having corbyn in government . 
  imagine if we could give the whole eu the `` romania treatment '' . 
   merely efficient ? 
  they are not efficient . 
  most communism-era building on the balkans were constructed with aesthetics and ideology in mind , not efficiency . 
  that they are also ugly lumps of concrete by the standards of most people is just a side-effect of said aesthetics . 
  ostracism , harassment , especially by the government , you find yourself in trouble with the law , many invented and real crimes you may or may not be guilty of come to light , it 's hard to find a job because nobody wants to get in trouble because of you , etc. 
  for reference this can also happen to people in neighboring countries ( especially in bulgaria ) if they do things unpopular with specific circles , just to a lesser degree . 
   today almost no one identifies as bulgarian a large part of this is because of what happens if you do . 
   gladly drag 49 % of the population into a civic arrangement they do n't want and then enforce their decision with a steely grip . 
  is this supposed to be ironic ? 
   `` how friggin dumb do you have to be ? '', 
  the professor , or the students ? 
  iirc `` fair use '' in romania does cover producing copies for educational purpose . 
  funny how the far-left are complaining about the eu serving the right-wing , while the nationalists are complaining the eu is serving the `` heavily '' left leaning ... 
   why do so many people in your country love him ? 
  he is the `` anti-establishment '' candidate . 
  the trump for the uk left . 
  the same nebulous group of media that are always part of whatever conspiracy or dastardly political agenda somebody is complaining about ... 
  turks are ready to believe their glorious sultan survived a dastardly coup initiated by the cia . 
  they 'll swallow whatever erdogan feeds them to justify switching to the eurasian alliance . 
  1960-2012 , give or take some years ;, 
   they wonder why romanians want to come here the uk used to have a reputation as the best country in the world - sophisticated , educated , polite , hi-tech , traditionalist without being reactionary , welcoming without being too tolerant , stiff upper lip , lovely unpredictable weather , cultured , diverse , prosperous , just . 
  the fact that the torries , ukip and labour managed to collaborate on ruining this reputation in just a couple of years is quite an achievement . 
  edrogan flip-flopping is far less amazing than the fact that an increasing ammount of turks buy into everything he says every time . 
  if you want to change people 's opinions , you should start by presenting them with information . 
  you could post a good list of everything gulen stands for , everything gulen has done , what evidence you think there is , etc. 
   frozen conflict that can get hot again as soon as the opportunity is ripe . 
  combat is ongoing daily . 
  the only way it could get hotter is if russia started a major offensive . 
  the farmers will blame the eu , not the government . 
  we only hear about the people with sense on slow news days . 
  erdogan did threaten he 'll bury us in refugess ... 
  he just forgot to specify it will be the turkish intellectual elite and a good portion of the secular middle class . 
  the great eu firewall . 
  yes . 
   jesus christ / s people when reality is indistinguishable from satire , sarcasm becomes indistinguishable from earnestly held opinion . 
   how comes that the ueber prickly chinese arent commenting chinese diplomats and businessmen have shown time and again that they 're capable of ignoring the casual racism of european leaders in order to strike a deal . 
   i would not want to wait until this group takes the law in its own hands . 
  i have good news . 
  you do n't need to wait .
