  these guys are part of local crime groups and they either are the law , or own the law in their part of the country . 
  financiers hate him . 
   well from a continental perspective we 've only been been spectators the whole time . 
  boy , am i glad this has had no detrimental , continent-wide effect on banks ... oh , wait . 
  they were not allowed to vote . 
  what about everything ? 
  english is already the lingua franca of the eu and possibly the world , especially in engineering and it . 
  they can do whatever they want once they get rid of european regulations , especially the ones originally proposed by the uk ( like the echr ) . 
  the arguments of the exit campaign in a nutshell . 
  going after sinister `` multinationals '' instead of the existence of tax-haven countries right here in the eu , or the lack of competitiveness many sectors of the french economy are suffering from . 
  hahah , no . 
  the people `` mistrusting the mainstream '' usually want some sort of totalitarian rule where parties like pirates and greens are banned . 
  it 's only bad if foreigners do it . 
   decision-making without consultations will the szlacht stand for this ? 
  their current government snuck in pretending to be conservative and pro-poland , but if you look at what they are doing instead of what they are saying , it 's pretty clear whose interests they truly serve . 
  because our conservatives have been replaced by reactionaries . 
  there are no actual conservative parties left in europe . 
  not forbidden enough . 
  most of ee is still ruled by former party leaders or their proteges . 
   is it really that bad ? 
  just remember to use all the necessary safety equipment when handling herbicides ( mask , goggles , gloves ) , do not spray upwind of people or animals , do not spray when you expect rain . 
   are ukrainian `` veterans '' parades same as other there ? 
  yes . 
  it 's exactly the same in all former soviet-controlled states and former soviet puppets . 
   subsidized child-care is a form of benefits for parents . 
  child benefit is commonly understood to be a social security payment distributed to the parents or guardians of children . 
  as such , child-care , subsidised education , educational campaigns , motivational campaigns and care packages are not `` child benefits '' even if they benefit the parents of children . 
   it 's the only way that actually works . 
  child benefits have been proven not to work ( as opposed to the alternative of government programs ) . 
  and if your goal is to boost the fertility of your middle class and 1st world population in particular , child benefits tend to backfire spectacularly , since they have the most beneficial effect on the urban poor . 
  in the long run , child benefits are the worst and most expensive way to combat low birth rate . 
  western parents are busy , usually each has a job . 
  and making women quit their jobs by enjoying high benefits is going to be disastrous to already stagnant economies kept back by lack of labour and entrepreneurship . 
  instead of just tossing money at the problem , the government needs to motivate young parents , make delivery less stressful and less dangerous for mothers , and then help families in raising their children . 
   well , forced federalism failed in yugoslavia and in the soviet union . 
  both were actually de-facto empires dominated by a single group , not federations . 
  but yes , i agree they are cautionary tales worth considering . 
   the costs for rolling out 5g networks will be huge . 
  this nonsensical `` huge cost '' argument is why a very wealthy country like germany has one of the worst data infrastructure in all of europe . 
  when doing an investment , we should care about long-term returns ( considerable ) and opportunity costs ( staggering ) more than direct costs - especially since the costs are not that huge - the data networks of the baltics , bulgaria and romania were mostly constructed for profit by small private enterprises . 
  edit - but we should do basic infrastructure and 4g before even thinking about 5g - as i mentioned the data infrastructure in most of western europe ( exception of benelux ) is abysmal . 
   we need to democratise eu institutions they are already more democratic than national governments . 
  any steps towards further democratisation would require , as you pointed out , further centralisation . 
   federalism forced down the throat backfires . 
  this is what the slavers said before rebelling against the us federal government . 
  federalism can only exist as something forced down the throat of states and local strongmen . 
  but if we 're that much in love with market fragmentation , human rights abuses , tax heavens , economic stagnation and increasing diplomatic irrelevance , we can go right ahead - i 'm fairly confident the eu , unlike the usa , is unwilling and incapable of stopping its own disintegration . 
  at best we can hope to reverse it at some point . 
  hopefully we do it in a less bloody fashion than china . 
  just because you are in that situation does n't mean netherlands is in a generally better situation than the uk , germany , italry , austria or spain . 
  internet service in germany is criminal poor . 
  i was staying at a `` business class '' hotel in k\u00f6ln , a town that sees a lot of gaming and it conventions , and the network was so bad i had to use my phone as a mobile hotspot when i wanted to get some work done on the side . 
  and even the 3g quality was closer to something one would expect from a small carpathian village , not an important german town . 
  germany should start encouraging some investment and competition in their information infrastructure . 
  just because services in germany ( and most of western europe ) are shit does n't change the fact that it 's a token amoune of data, 
  there is almost no competition in the isp sphere for western europe , which is why connection anywhere west of hungary is so bad ( with a few notable exceptions like the netherlands ) . 
  melenchon does n't seem to care about liberty either and is endorsed by the french communists . 
  i 'd be worried more about this and his talk of a sixth republic than his euroscepticism . 
  germany is already effectively disarmed , despite a nearby local power threatening to invade it on a daily basis , and their world-famous military manufacturers trying to find export partners just to keep going . 
  the damage already done , both to federal security , the industry and to innovation is enormous and will take at least a decade of concerted effort to repair . 
  and he hints about further disarmament ? 
  is there any french politician left that still cares about liberty ? 
  he could have chosen to act tough without acting stupid . 
  youngsters are especially vulnerable to propaganda from education , media and their parents , since they have few other sources to learn `` the lessons of history '' , so they 're easy to manipulate and radicalize when a government decides to do it . 
  the ussr subsidized nothing , and instead relied on its unique brand of colonialism to siphon wealth from all its puppets states . 
  that 's kinda what erdogan wants . 
  he wants as many turks as possible that are critical of his regime to leave and renounce their citizenship , loosing their right to vote . 
   anti putin our putinbots also started by pretending to be anti-putin . 
  add it all up and you get oligarchic cronie-capitalism . 
  you know , the typical post-communist politics . 
  and most brits did n't do any of the things you listed . 
  so maybe tone down the offensive generalizations a little . 
   if it exist on youtube surely it exists in the real world it takes 3 people to flood a comment section with comments from 3000 users . 
  that 's false . 
  there is a documented decrese in accidents during dst , not to mention the tangible health benefits of synching sleep patterns to sunlight . 
  if anything , research has show that we should permanently move clocks 1 hour and then add dst on top of that . 
  whining about dst is like being anti-vaccines . 
  you complain about something with tangible benefits , based on non-arguments , bad analogies and pseudo-science . 
   fuck the young ones this way of thinking is not limited to old people . 
  that 's about the ammount of people that voted for parties that are both known for their corruption . 
  however , it 's not just cult of personality . 
  cult of personality is responsible for only a tiny portion of the votes . 
  ignorance ( that both major parties bow to the same masters and that you can only bar `` their party '' by voting for `` our party '' is another small portion ) . 
  most people knowingly voted pro-corruption and strongly oppose any anti-corruption efforts . 
   chance has nothin to do with it , all you need is willingness and stubborness . 
  ~ 60 % of the voters explicitly voted pro-corruption . 
  ~ 3 % of the voters explicitly voted anti-corruption . 
   anti-american then why are they voting for the candidate supported by the president of the us ? 
  sounds like the only thing they 're `` anti '' is the republique francaise, 
  it does n't matter what people think or how people vote , the `` referendum '' has pre-determined result . 
  these systems rest upon values that used to be part of the american dream and deeply ingrained in the usa . 
  the idea of equal opportunities , the antitrust law , the very idea of welfare programs , even the weird electoral system and the way the senate works ... 
  even dubious practices like education quotas have , at their core , the goal of bringing specific groups with statistically lower chances `` up to speed '' to get the more involved in the us society . 
  sa is not a monolithic cultural or political block . 
  some countries used to be almost there before they got hit by the political aftermath of ww2 . 
  currently it would be hard to spread the ideas of social liberalism in countries like brazil or argentina , because the political establishment there will be extremely opposed to anything that increases individual liberty and make people less vulnerable to political manipulation . 
  social democracy = democratic principles , but care is given to the socially disadvantaged so they can properly participate in the democratic process ( e.g. 
  make sure everyone is fed and educated and given similar chances ) social market economy - free market economy principles , but the state is involved to make sure workers interests are protected and to ensure the market remains free by banning unfair practices , regulating against monopolies , etc. 
  social liberalism - liberal principle ( i.e. 
  individual liberty is paramount ) with the added realization that a person can not be truly free if they are denied basic life necessities like food and education ; thus , the state protects individual liberties and provides the basic necessities for its citizens ; as you can see , these are all interconnected and have more or less been the building blocks of `` western '' prosperity in the 20th century , with the scandinavian countries being the poster children for it .
