   why . . to troll the current occupiers of kant 's birthplace ? 
  while what you say is mostly true , just travel a bit around the more rural parts of bulgaria , or browse through some bulgarian facebook groups and you 'll find plenty of people opposed to women 's rights , up to and including `` i 'm her father , i 'll beat her bloody if i want to . '', 
  and `` facts '' about women 's mental inferiority . 
  sure , these are a minority , but they also tend to be politicaly over-represented . 
  perhaps , but just knowing the context they still manage to entertain . 
   number 1 would be dead facts do n't matter . 
  that people even attribute economic growth to erdogan should be ample demonstration of this . 
  erdogan will only benefit . 
  he wants a majority poor , uneducated , bitter electorate and a handful of hand-picked aristocrats with both groups perceiving him as the only possible source of prosperity and morality . 
  le pen is the petainist candidate for president of france . 
  betrayal of her country in service of foreign dictators is part of her platform . 
   what i wonder is how can kaczynski 's supporters keep repeating the lie that he 's not putin 's lapdog when he 's moved on from merely antagonising all of poland 's allies and towards aligning with well-known kremlin puppets . 
  make it rain , germans, 
   good , it 's having a huge impact on russia . 
  too bad it 's affecting the citizens more than the government though . 
  the eu sanctions are only on certain government officials . 
  the only thing affecting the citizens is russia 's counter-sanctions . 
  pis claim to be anti-russia , but serve their interest in a very obvious manner . 
  their governments have always actively sabotaged poland 's foreign relations , internal unity , rule of law and economy . 
   the russians will always have fossil fuels to sell , which will keep misery from getting too bad . 
  yeah , just look at venezuela , people there are doing great !, 
  if you 're currently between 50 and 12 , you 're a filty millenial . 
   call it , what it is . 
  an artificial language imposed on macedonian bulgarians as part of russia and serbia 's ethnic-cleansing plan for the region ? 
  it 's true that most sane bulgarians do n't care about the territory of macedonia , but we should never forget the crimes committed against the bulgarian people there . 
  or the fact that claiming to be an ethnic bulgarian can still end up causing legal harassment for macedonian citizens ... as for the proposal - it 's disgusting enough that some-one thinks they can just hand out macedonia like it 's property instead of its own country ... but for the proposal to come from putin 's circles ... the same people whose predecessors invented macedonia as a way to `` solve the bulgarian problem '' - absolutely reprehensible . 
  something like that , but apparently still not part of the empire before 46 ( whichs is why we do n't see it in the map ), 
   is n't the point of a free society that everyone , even the extremists , have a right to express themselves ? 
  not really . 
  a free society is predicated on its ability to reject attempts to reduce freedom . 
  just like a free market is predicated on market actors ' ability to reject attempts at market manipulation . 
  til thracia was not officially annexed until 46ad, 
  ca n't imagine anyone would object to free kebab, 
  time to create the deutschefremdenlegion . 
  i hope bulgarian government grows a spine and stands firm in support of greece if this starts happening . 
  well , support from p\u00e9tainists and russians did n't damage le pen 's image , but support from americans ... maybe it will be the last straw . 
  inb4 the government claims there were 100-1000 people tops and claim those are paid provocateurs ... 
   for science of course ... nina dobrev ( a ) , apparently ... 
  ca n't you also get sweden 's bankanon-1s at a bargain now that they 're retired from service ? 
  isps in western europe are held back only by the lack of competition and entrepreneurial spirit . 
  even without using any fiber-optic connections , most places west of czechia can get a service ~ 50 times faster , ~ 10 times more reliable and up to ~ 20 times cheaper than present . 
  so there 's no need to force anything - just encourage private initiative andshake up the market a bit yo get the old telecoms out of their comfort zone . 
  even before ww2 - e.g. 
  [ saint nedelya bombing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_nedelya_church_assault ) to name a famous example . 
  buying fighter jets for such a tiny country is silly . 
  combat helicopters with aa and at capability would be cheaper and more useful . 
  it 's the same old story - someone comes to power , coasts on the results of their predecessor 's policies , spends some credit money , and is hailed as a messiah . 
  eventually , they run the economy to the ground and either step down , or continue making things worse for everyone . 
  yet when the country is finally rid of them , people will still sing their praises and get nostalgic . 
   `` it 's inconceivable that you lie and damage slovak presidency on a daily basis ... '' maybe he thought he was standing in front of a mirror . 
  let 's hope our corrupt politicians make the same mistake as the ones in romania and end up the same way ... 
   i do n't get why it is chauvinistic to use your own language to communicate with other germans it is , when there are non-germans present . 
  germans have the habbit of switching back to german all the time , even in an international environment , even in a business context . 
  the ones working in technical fields do n't tend to do it as much , but you ca n't rely on it never being a problem . 
  the germany of the balkans . 
  you might be able to , especially with your qualifications . 
  there is a lot of it businesses , especially romania , bulgaria and the baltics , the oficial language for internal use in international it companies ( and some local ) is english , and most eastern europeans are slightly less chauvinistic about language than germans and the french . 
  hey , the problem is getting those young people some work . 
  many of them already are in eastern europe and doing nothing ( officialy . 
  at least in bulgaria some of those neets are actually fully employed in organised crime . ), 
  so getting them employed or educated is still a win , even if they later decide to go do something else . 
  also , fuck toiling the soil . 
  we need those lands productive , and those young people feeling like they are doing something meaningful . 
  post 1980s agriculture or not point in doing it . 
  every single country in the eu has a massive unfulfilled need of technicians and engineers right now , especially in eastern europe ( since anyone halfway capable can consider going west ) . 
  every single country in eastern europe has some unused agricultural lands left over from when communist-imposed serfdom was abolished ( though that 'll employ a tiny ammount of people compared to the total population ) some countries also have trouble filling up their army ( this is a tiny number compared to the total population ) . 
  i 'm not assuming anything . 
  you made a spurious leap of logic , and it would be nice if you just admit it and drop it . 
  being able to pay traffickers is irrelevant . 
  you 'd have a much stronger argument if you focused on their wilingness to pay or on their willingness to arrive illegaly . 
   receive state support and are free to roam technically , they ca n't do both . 
  you 'd have a good argument if you focused on the fact that institutions lack the budget ( and more rarely , the political will ) to fulfill even their basic functions ( such as keeping track on asylum seekers all the time , separating dangerous individuals out of the camps , not putting endangered minorities along with their majority opressors , etc. ), 
   processing camps processing camps on foreign soil only help if your aims are purely altruistic ( take in as many legitimate asylum seekers as possible ) . 
  they do n't help when the reason this is even a crisis in the first place is lack of political will to spend resources ( build refugee camps , contribute to strengthening external borders , contribute manpower to police forces in border countries ) and mismanagement of existing resources ( renting expensive residential buildings instead of having the army build refugee camps in the middle of nowhere ) . 
  you did not answer my question . 
  the process is a joke , yes , especially considering the resources we have at our disposal . 
  but you did not answer the question . 
  your argument was faulty - and considering you have other , stronger points at your disposal , you lose nothing by admitting this and dropping it . 
  your definition of `` safe nation '' is also weak . 
  most african countries are pretty deadly for minorities , even the stable , prosperous ones . 
  on the topic of camps - european countries do have the resources to build secure camps with good living conditions on their own soil and guard the external eu borders better . 
  yet they do n't , because there is no political will for it . 
  some voters just do n't want to `` waste '' resources on it , even though these are resources spent not only for the migrants ' benefit , but our own ( increased security , increased international goodwill ) . 
  consider this , and then consider that having the camps out across the mediterranean will actually make them even more expensive . 
  before talking about moving things over to the northern african coast , we have to admit to ourselves one thing - that considering the resources at our disposal , and the total number of migrants so far , this should never have grown to be a crisis . 
  we simply allowed it to be . 
  yes , very good and completely unrelated to my question . 
   if you have enough money to pay 3000 euro just to cross ... odds are you are n't in need of asylum . 
  what 's the logic behind that staement ? 
  if my government wants to kill me , and i get 3k by liquidating my assets , how am i suddenly not in need of asylum ? 
  not saying all illegal immigrants need asylum ( most of them probably do n't ) , but your logic is more than a little faulty . 
  liquidating local property for bribes to cross the border is something that a lot of people fleeing communist terror used to attempt for example . 
  is n't that sign of the end of civilization ? 
   why is tourism suddenly so much of a bigger issue than before because being a rude asshole has become more acceptable . 
  1 ) rude assholes that want to get rid of all the loud dirty foreigners have crept up . 
  does n't matter if they contribute 50 % to the local economy or not ( rude assholes usually do n't run profitable service businesses , even in countries world-famous for their high-class rude assholes ) 2 ) rude asshole tourists have also increased , giving the 1st category of rude assholes some credence . 
  could it be brexit was intended just as a way to shift blame away from disastrous economic policies ? 
   they are culturally european turky used to be too :(, 
   a troublesome relationship with russia is that an euphemism for `` obvious fifth column '' ? 
  `` both sides '' is the epitome of moral cowardice , especially when one side is a murderous regime .
