i 'll be downvoted for siding with the refugees but whatever . 
  the macedonian border has been closed to thousands of refugees living in filth . 
  some have been trying to cross the border and the police ( if you can call it that ) has repelled them with rubber bullets and tear gas ( and some children had to be hospitalized due to the tear gas ) . 
  i feel like that behaviour is parasitic . 
  it reminds me of some insect documentary i watched a while ago . 
  any entomologist here ? 
  given how much i trust my gf , that was depressing . 
  a corrupt politician of the pp ? 
  what a fucking shock !, 
   confusing globalization with internationalism, 
  source ? 
  what did they do ? 
  i know , i 've been solely used pulling out with my gf for the past two years as my only contraceptive method . 
  or when you 're going to pull out but it feels so fucking good that you ca n't manag ... 
  great examples of human and social development !, 
  too complex , your intellect is way beyond mine , as shown by your ridicule attempt at making a humorous tautology . 
  is this supposed to be a joke, 
  when your civilian population is massacred by the army , your intellectuals and defenders are banned from the media and prosecuted , you use terrorist tactics as your last resource . 
  i 'm astounded by the amount of people who are naive enough to think that terrorists are just some kind of irrationally angry people killing for fun . 
  does anybody remember ira ? 
  exclude * canis * for obvious reasons . 
  my gf is chinese and she always mocks asian tourists telling me that all they say , continuously , is how beautiful and great the landscape is . 
  they clean all beaches every evening/night and the water is also cleaned by special boats , but it is still sad to see tourists leaving piles of shit behind them and disrespecting the natural environment in such way . 
  yeah , we joke here about mallorca being german territory too . 
  young people partying hard in certain areas does n't bother me * that * much . 
  the thing that really makes me sad is seeing how the beaches are full of thrash and empty liquor bottles every evening ... 
  germans in the balearic islands , britons in catalonia . 
  i understand that many youngsters come looking to party , but the levels of degeneracy i 've witnessed are shameful . 
  the best ones are , by far , the japanese , korean and chinese . 
  i am obviously biased , even though i do n't consider myself to be nationalist at all , but i think spain has been an example in that the right wing has not been able to thrive even in such a favourable environment . 
  even with huge muslim and latin inmigrant populations , racism has not been articulated into a political movement . 
  people have been able to realize that our problems are a consecuence of our economic policies and corruption . 
  despite all the racism i see on the internet towards spaniards , i feel proud of my community . 
  nobody says democracy is pragmatically superior . 
  that 's not even the point of the discussion . 
  democracy is the system in which the people govern themselves and any position of power being transmitted through heritage is antidemocratic . 
  i 'm not even discussing how democratic our society is , i 'm saying that if your starting point for the creation any political system is not based on basic democratic principles , you are antidemocratic . 
  monarchies are antidemocratic , defending them with the excuse that they could possibly be more effective at governing in accordance with the trancendental will of the people is borderline comical . 
  but you are assuming that the person to inherit the position is the best suited , which is honestly plain ignorant . 
  besides , how do you determine who is best suited for such duty ? 
  you are assuming that somehow , a guy son of a guy is knowledgable of the trascendental will of a country just because . 
  do n't you see how primitive is your thought ? 
  nobody knows the trascendental will of a population . 
  the fundamental basis for democracy is that given the fact that such truth is unattainable for humans , the general will is the most fair way of conducting a society , and that general will is best manifested through democratic systems . 
  assuming that the dynastically superior person is our best choice using the argument of `` he was preparing all his life for this '' or `` democracy will choose a mediocre candidate anyway '' is , on the one hand , disregarding the value of democracy ( surely humanity was better off with the rule of emperors , burgeoise parlaments and other despotes ) , and on the other , giving in to the ridiculous belive that our best shot for a position of power is the person who already is in it ( i mean , look at franco or stalin or the north korean dynasty , they surely knew how to keep their country stable under their rule ) . 
  i do n't know if you are spanish , but if you are , try to see how this crap about felipe being the best suited person for this is just a weak justification for something that is against our supposedly sacred values of democracy . 
  a fallacy extended by complacient media to desperately defend an ancient institution which holds not basis for it 's disgusting existance . 
  i wonder if it is actually possible for a person to be better suited for the job . 
  maybe * i * could do it better , if i were to be king . 
  i guess we 'll * never * know , and that 's the problem . 
  there is definitely a difference in support throughout different regions . 
  in catalonia and the basque country people are much more pro-republican . 
  you ca n't deny that the monarchy is deeply linked to spanish identity and to franco 's dictatorship . 
  most of the pro-monarchy supporters are southerner thrash , as well as `` fachas '' and the right-wing . 
  is n't this how everybody talks ? 
  i 'd say a reasonable explanation for that is that less old people are voting ( for pp , mostly ) in this election , and that is reflected in a lower midday turnout since they usually vote early in the morning as opposed to younger people . 
  not anymore , sadly : <, 
  i 'm pretty sure spain is more advanced not only than portugal or california but than the rest of the world in gay rights and gay acceptance . 
  and that will be the day i 'll start saying i 'm cuban , at least i 'll have some fucking dignity . 
  well , it is only fair considering that in the majority of their stances c 's is very similar to the pp or even vox . 
  when i hear them talking about being centre or even centre-left i need to perform a reality check tbh . 
  have you read ciudadanos program ? 
  and how is that relevant to this ? 
  my grandmother knows literally thousands of gossip stories yet she has voted a corrupt and mischievous party simply because they claim to be catholic ( and their actions are far from the guides of christianity anyway ) . 
  not only does their age mean nothing , they are also more likely to take on stupid decisions due to lesser education , senility and fear of things they do n't understand ( which is anything new ) . 
   implying the sactions towards turkey by russia are the cause of russia 's economic struggles . 
  that reason is why podemos wants to implement legislative measures to prevent corrupts to stay in power and for systematical corruption to be established . 
  they never claimed they are saints inmune to corruption . 
  i think that 's mostly because we compare ourselves to countries like germany , france , denmark and so on . 
  sure we might be better than colombia , somalia or the us ( jk ) but still , we are , i feel , the shithole of western europe . 
  if i had my way corrupt parties would n't rule spain either . 
  i agree completely . 
  that is why i want every government to have public banks to provide those needs . 
  i was never in favour of the indepence but right now i 'd vote yes simply because i despise this country so much . 
  the difference between rural and urban spain is stunning . 
  in spain , bank 's greed was mostly responible for the housing boom that completely wrecked the economy by pushing for home ownership and by recklessly handing out high-risk loans , and i 'm not even menctioning high-profile cases of fraud . 
  in spain , and in most of the world bankers do n't have a symbiotic relation with the rest of society . 
  i do n't care anymore , though , and i hope i can steal , lobby , especulate and parasite this country of retards as much as i can . 
  masters in finance here we go !, 
  it 's over , mate :(, 
  i decided to change my career goals to the financial sector . 
  if people are retarded enough to vote for parasites i 'll parasite them too . 
  i 'll try to keep this discussion cordial but you are biased to the point where you are wrong about their positions with regards to that . 
  no matter what la raz\u00f3n and el pa\u00eds say , the only ones that want out of europe are sectors among iu and the communist party . 
  the bulk of podemos and their main objective are not to leave the eu , but to reform it . 
  negotiating measures to counter the problems associated with no monetary control by southern countries as well as the tight grip of austerity that is asphixiating struggling economies is entirely reasonable , in my opinion . 
  besides that , your conclusion is entirely illogical . 
  how can you conclude that unidos podemos , with a core of communists , will have less will or capacity to push for the end of tax havens in the eu ? 
  i have no doubt that up will do whatever possible to address these problems . 
  i used to watch la tuerka and fort apache long before podemos even existed and i know what pablo iglesias and many officials from podemos think . 
  i 'm sure they are our best bet at fighting against the vampiric neoliberal politics that have done so much damage this last decades . 
  i was not aware of those numbers . 
  i agree with you , then , partially . 
  things have improved due to the pressure from the crisis and that 's good . 
  still , i imagine figures would be even higher with a government with a truly socialist political will . 
  i 'm sure the psoe would have done without the pressure from the coalition with podemos , as they have always done in 40 years of democracy . 
  the goverment reduced tax evading the most ? 
  this government literally had ministers using the fiscal amnesty and having money in tax havens , not to menction they have a clientelist relation with economic powers in the country . 
  are you actually serious ? 
  there are ways to increase income and there are also ways to reduce spending without austerity measures .
