there 's a difference between investigating based on the leads that you get , and simply publishing the informations with light fact-checking . 
  as it stands , the canard gets so much info that they do n't need to do much besides fact-checking to publish . 
  again , there 's nothing wrong with what they do . 
  but if we compare investigation to a journey in search of the truth ( and indeed , that involves finding informants ) , when it comes to the canard , truth usually comes ringing at their door . 
  does he monitor ur reddit ? 
   conducts excellent investigative journalism not that much  and are often the first to reveal corruption or shady affairs . 
  the reason why they are revealing so much is mainly because they 're the go-to media to rat out your colleagues . 
  most of their infos on politicians come from other politicians , for instance . 
  nothing wrong with that , ofc . 
  yeah , he 's from the ps ' right wing . 
  the thing is , he ( and valls ) never tried to compromise with the rest of the party , but instead they used their position of power to push their ideas , which are far from the platform that got hollande elected . 
  that sparked a sense of betrayal in their base , and that 's also why there 's been a rift in the party 's mps . 
  the last congress managed to restore unity in the party , but at the price of major criticism of vall 's policy -- on the paper . 
  we 'll see if they actually acknowledge this criticism ; however , i doubt they will . 
  as for winning an election , the reason macron could n't is not simply that he is a banker , but also that his political ideas would fail to net him enough voices on first turn . 
   but there 's less than zero chance of that ever happening . 
  the french electorate will never trust him . 
  he used to work for a bank . 
  maybe if he wants trust he should join a party that accurately describes his political opinion ? 
  he wo n't ever get elected because he chose to be named pm by a party whose voter base disagrees with what he stands for ... 
  op refactored the title to make it look like the left refuse criticism . 
  the party 's left is angry because an investment banker ( hollande 's campaign targeted the derives of investment banking ) , turned finmin thanks to a minority of the party that took over executive power , repeatedly shits on the party 's line . 
  also the people he gave the speech to and that gave him a standing ovation is a traditional supporter of right-wing economic policies . 
  this poll aims at capturing the current trend towards building the european union . 
  it is n't about what you think about it , but what you think will happen ( and why ) . 
  what will you say when your child asks why migrants did n't invest eastern poland ? 
   you 're gon na pop some veins with that one . 
  that was the plan all along . 
  first feed them `` french '' fries to clutter their arteries , then his . 
  he probably meant to advertise that reddit thing . 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  / r/europe is still ressenting us from the last time we tried to conquer stuff . 
  so i think it 's best if we stick to selling weapons to ~ ~ dictators ~ ~ enlightened leaders . 
   please end this stupid shit , gone with monarchies . 
  we sell guillotines at very affordable rates . 
  our guillotines are guaranteed to work on monarchy ~ ~ and other people too ~ ~ . 
  for a modest premium , your guillotine will be delivered mounted on a mistral ^ ^ tm class warship , for increased protection against exiled monarchs . 
  pretty much like sch\u00e4uble 's antics made him popular at home . 
  there 's no such thing as `` the agricultural sector of france '' . 
  some parts of it ( some winemakers , cereal farmers , for instance ) thrive , while some other parts , especially cattlemen and dairy farmers , suffer a lot from distorted european concurrence ( both on wages and sanitary regulations ) and high pressure from their vertical peers in the industry . 
  i stay silent and stare at them begrudgingly . 
   than fostering start-up culture what is start-up culture exactly ? 
  also internet infrastructure is quite good in some europe cities . 
  the problem , as said earlier , is the lack of vc shops able to pour funding on companies . 
  it 's always been shit , so it 's not surprising that he found shitty patrons :p, 
  but you also sell military material to russia . 
  you just did n't cancel the deal ... 
  you 're confusing them with * r\u00e9seau voltaire * . 
  * boulevard voltaire * is a politically opinionated newspiece , but not a conspiracy theory echo chamber . 
  business insider + french bashing = < 3 . 
  just do n't read its news when it 's about france , they 're biased . 
  seriously , let 's look at the article in details : `` according to a damning report tuesday from boulevard voltaire , a left-leaning newspaper '' -  * boulevard voltaire * is a right-leaning newspaper , with a nationalist stance . 
  its collaborators include members of the right wing of our mainstream party . 
  `` india had initially wanted to purchase 126 new rafale fighter jets from france '' -  this deal has been discussed for years , and stuck for years . 
  it 's been known for about a year that the deal would fail . 
  basically , france had won the bid to enter into exclusive negociations , and from there , the expectations of indians and what we were ready to offer never met ( the main problem being that planes built in india were to be guaranteed by the french company ) . 
  it 's basically old news , nothing like `` about to '' happen . 
  `` india will instead spend $ 25 billion on 127 russian t-50 fifth-generation stealth fighter jets , a far cheaper and more advanced aircraft . '', 
  -  t50s had always been the first option for india , the rafale deal is a gap closer for the indian army before they receive these . 
  `` another two fumbled contracts with india and ** egypt ** '' ; `` meanwhile , france 's $ 5.2 billion deal with egypt for 24 rafale fighter jets is still going ahead '' -  so is the deal failing or going ahead ? 
  `` the french economy is currently experiencing slow economic growth and is carrying debts of 98.43 percent of gdp , or $ 2.2 trillion . '', 
  -  mandatory footer in a bi article about france . 
  to sum it up , bi just requotes a partisan article looking to pin economic `` problems '' on the current president , changing some details to make it look credible . 
  i 'll go and make a scientific comparison : it 's like electrons , you ca n't observe them without modifying their behaviour . 
   complaining about having too many visitors makes no sense . 
  at some point , you just ca n't handle tourism . 
  when some places are like 95 % careless tourists and 5 % locals ( hello rambla ) , it becomes hard to even handle the load . 
  it 's even harder to handle all the illegal business done there , and for the local shops and life to compete against the tourism-catering industry . 
  a good example is the boqueria market , where legitimate clients can barely move around because there are so many people coming to watch them doing their market . 
  as the historic marketplace is being replaced by tourists and shops designed to accomodate tourist needs , it becomes clear that this market place has switched from an exclusively local place to an exclusively touristic place . 
  the feeling about it currently is that it gives less that it takes ( and especially , the people that benefit from tourism are n't the ones that suffer from tourism ) . 
  currently , the tourist places like boqueria , la rambla , el gotico and all the guell-related places are a cesspit of careless tourists , being there is a drain . 
  interesting areas are elsewhere . 
  as it stands , citizen simply push to reclaim these areas and make them worthy of interest again . 
  stuff like subventions on planes tickets can and should be targeted to reduce this mass tourism . 
   there is no country in the world that thinks international agreements should never be renegotiated there 's a difference between never and often . 
  i 'm pretty sure you would frown at your reps if they edited a bill every week . 
  international treaties , and especially those needed to create a strong political union , need stability . 
   electors are the exact people who should be the ones that want the renegotiation to happen . 
  if people want to rengeotiate , it is the job of goverment to do it . 
  but as it stands electors are dependent on government and politicians in general to know what 's possible . 
  no one is going to refuse a free sandwich , right ? 
  the problem with british politics is that your politicians extend promises and perspectives to their electors , which they ca n't expect to negociate without pissing their international partners . 
  we also have some of these politicians , but luckily they 're nowhere close to being elected , and consequently they do n't put much pressure on international treaties . 
   king about a renegotiation of agreements , not a breach of them . 
  there is nothing unreliable about a renegotiation well , other countries have a different opinion on the matter . 
  especially when calls for renegociation are publicly discussed in a bid to attract electors . 
  i suspect that the brits were too hapy to parade the new gdp number to think twice about the implications . 
  i remember distinctly uk officials making comments about how they were such in a good shape and talking about rolling the red carpet to french expats , for instance . 
   international agreements can be renegotiated and should be renegotiated at times . 
  if the elected representatives of the uk people think that the eu budget should be reduced it is the job of the uk government to renegotiate it . 
  but then , you understand that other countries ca n't count on you as a stable partner ? 
   the uk parliament voted for our contributions to the eu budget to be reduced . 
  coming back on past international agreements because your parliament changed its mind is one thing , but that also means your international partners are probably going to see you as unreliable . 
   there is massive waste in the eu budget . 
  how is waste related ? 
  there is always gon na be waste in human endeavours . 
  honest people do n't shoot down said endeavours because of the waste . 
  germany ? 
  there 's a painful outbreak every so often , but out of that it 's benign and you can live with it ?
