  if it goes smoothly , come back to me and i will try to convince the greeks to `` take the hit '', 
  well , why greece went bankrupt though , no one seems to be talking about that and consequently , trying to solve it . 
  personally , i appreciate the loans given to us , because with 36bn fiscal deficit and i do n't know how much of a trade deficit , i do n't want to imagine how a bankrupt greece would look like in 2009 edit : i did n't downvote you . 
  just because i 've seen some posts blaming the eu partners for greece 's problems , here 's just a small piece of insight on how the public sector works here . 
  another fresh example is the following : people who have had their cars stolen , get notified of a pending fine for not getting their cars insured . 
  the problem ? 
  the reports that are filed by the police , are just pieces of paper and there is no infrastructure for them to be digitally accessible to every branch of the state and there is no such thing as `` one database '' ( in this case the independent authority of public revenue which imposes this type of penalty ), 
  i completely agree . 
  and to be honest , i feel that the left-right discrimination is obsolete , at least it has become , in greece . 
  you have on one side the reformers and on the other side what we call '' \u03ba\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03ad\u03c2 '' ( from kratos , meaning state ) , the people who want high public spending , privileges for the unions , are against privatizations and so on . 
  on the one side is the `` macron '' type of politician and on the other side is the `` opa '' type of politician . 
  karamanlis was definitely the latter . 
  the left and right are terms that have their historic reference in the greek civil war . 
  it has fueled the partisan debate for many years and i hope we are moving towards the end of that era . 
  personally , i firmly believe that greece can become a completely different country in just a year . 
  just ask for help , technical help from the other eu countries . 
  how to organise your public sector , how to crack down on tax evasion , how to reform your education system , how to promote clean energy , how to protect your environment . 
  it 's easy , it does n't cost anything real ( except for the abstract bs of `` national pride '' : i wo n't have the german tell me what to do ) , the eu partners would be glad to help and the solutions have been proven to work . 
  i may be a foolish dreamer , but a man can only dream, 
  oh my god , i agree with so many things of what you just said . 
  except for one , the `` leftist '' argument . 
  i do n't know whether you 're greek or not and whether you 're familiar with our politics , but the 2004-2009 government was a centre-right wing one . 
  that government was lying about the deficit ( on the 2nd of october of 2009 , the karamanlis administration reported a prospected deficit of 6 % of the gdp to the eu commission and the next government after the 04/10/09 elections , revised that to 12,5 % . 
  that number would again be revised and finalised in 2010 , when the newly formed elstat ( hellenic statistical authority ) and eurostat announced the 2009 deficit to be 15,4 % of the gdp ) and things went really out of control . 
  so the problem was the deficit . 
  however , the reasons that greece had such a deficit and its causes , have yet to be recognised and accepted by the public and tackled by the bailout programs . 
  early retirements at 55 ( or younger for women ) in the broader public sector with pensions and benefits immeasurably ( literally ) inconsistent to what someone has paid during his working life . 
  a 10 people job in 1980 , was a 3 people job in 2005 . 
  no one cared to reorganize the public sector . 
  i do n't know up until which point the government did n't even know how many people were working in the public sector . 
  huge deficits in public-held companies , railways , energy , water , banks . 
  as for the sleeping giant that is the greek agriculture ( which undoubtedly can produce of the highest quality exportable products ) , the bulk of the money that was given by the eu throughout the years , ended up becoming 2-story houses , a couple of mercedes e-class and lovely nights with lovely girls from the former communist countries ( also , they used to declare their crops to be many times larger than they actually were and the state did n't have the means of checking that . 
  well , the state did n't want to create the infrastructure for those checks ) i mean , it 's not just one or two or three things . 
  if you do n't live here and do n't have dealings with the state and do n't know people to tell you stories and examples , you ca n't realise why greece is still so far behind . 
  it 's sad and angering for the hard working people . 
  and it angers me that the eu partners have n't pushed hard enough for the necessary reforms . 
  we keep raising the taxes to achieve the targeted primary surplus , but noone seems to care about the other part of that calculation , government spending . 
  and i am not talking about low-income pensioners . 
  some context : the pm alexis tsipras , for his own reasons . 
  refuses to wear a tie . 
  there is a running `` gag '' between him and mr. juncker , mateo renzi participated as well that he 'll wear a tie when greece is out of the bailout program . 
  lately , that has shifted and he said he 'll wear a tie when the greek debt is relieved . 
  so the min . 
  of nat . 
  defense ( and leader of the right wing coalition party independent greeks ) posted this `` fancy '' tie on twitter . 
  a few minutes later , he deleted that tweet claiming that his kid had once again use his phone and posted this, 
  you will never get this , you will never get this !, 
  ok , i 've done my research before posting . 
  1 ) bikini bottom is supposed to be in the pacific ocean 2 ) plankton is supposed to be a benthic ( meaning that it lives on the ocean floor ) copepod and not planktonic . 
  but still, 
  this is a day of great significance for greeks , both in terms of the athletic success ( the first of such caliber ) as well as the social aspect of that championship . 
  today , many people take a step back and remember `` what they were doing that night '' , how different greece was at the time and how for the first time in its modern history all greeks went out on the streets for a common cause , celebrating without end . 
  it marked the turning point for sports in greece . 
  following the eurobasket , in almost every park , square or school there was a makeshift basketball backboard and rim until the state run a project of creating basketball courts in almost every school . 
  edit : typo, 
  i like this guy , he is posting some interesting stuff !, 
  the artist 's twitter account : https://twitter.com/dhantzopoulos1, 
  aeolus in greek mythology https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aeolus_ ( son_of_hippotes ), 
  i mostly wanted to point out the part where machiavelli talks about their planning ahead . 
  they keep one year 's worth provisions of everything . 
  food , tools , consumables for the various trades . 
  and they also went through the trouble of doing regular military exercises . 
  now , if you told me that there were people that had this mentality , i would immediately think of modern day germans, 
  are you telling me that `` prayfor [ insert city here ] , condemning these cowardly acts of terror , having our thoughts with the families and victims of these attacks and refusing to give in to fear and changing our way of life '' are n't enough ?? 
  c'mon , you are kidding right ? 
  that 's what everyone does !, 
  it 's all over the twitter trending hashtag . 
  i do n't know . 
  i say we keep at it . 
  the death-toll is relatively low as well , if you compare it to wwii for example . 
  i think for the time being we should keep doing what we 've been doing since the charlie hebdo attack . 
  18 incidents and around 370 dead people later , i think it 's working just fine . 
  * edit : i forgot to include attacks that happened in turkey . 
  make it 25 incidents and over 450 dead then, 
  ca n't argue with that , since i am not qualified to . 
  my point was more focused on the second part of my comment . 
  so the plan should have been to go bankrupt and then wait patiently for the summer months when some people ( or do you think people would just storm to visit a bankrupt country ? ), 
  can earn some ( off the books and tax-free ) money ? 
  in the meantime , you were 36bn $ in deficit ( 16 % of the gdp ) , how would you cover that ? 
  pensions , medicine , oil , public servants , hospitals , military , police . 
  greece imports everything . 
  from medicine to fking lemons, 
  i believe that the gdp in 2016 was around 40 % lower than the gdp in 2009 . 
  in my mind , that 0.4 or even 1 % or 2 % growth is insignificant . 
  also , something most of you people wo n't understand is that greece faces huge problems in its public sector . 
  it is very reasonable not to understand , because most of europe has a working public sector for many years now . 
  to be honest , i do n't even think that there are updated organization charts in the public sector since ... forever . 
  it 's the last soviet-style economy in europe . 
  if you want to mercilessly tax hard-working people ( and only those that ca n't hide their income ) to feed that monstrous public sector ( that does n't offer high quality services for the poor and the unable to go to the private sector ) , growth is a no-no . 
  if you want to run and compete on even terms in the olympics , you ca n't do that with your legs tied together . 
  untie those legs first and then we 'll talk about growth, 
  http://www.thetoc.gr/images/articles/3/article_101413/o-ametanoitos-polakis-me-tsigaro-sto-xeri-sti-bouli.w_l.jpg http://s.kathimerini.gr/resources/2016-05/31s6pol-thumb-large.jpg the first image is in the building of the greek parliament . 
  the second one from a press room inside the ministry of health . 
  the person depicted in both is the greek deputy minister of health . 
  both images were taken in 2015 a strict anti-smoking law ( introduced by the minister of health ) was passed in 2008 and was to be implemented from 1/1/2009 onwards . 
  it prohibits smoking inside closed public spaces ( workplaces , offices and even restaurants bars and coffee shops ) . 
  as you see , members of the cabinet really adhere to the laws they are supposed to implement, 
  trump is such a weird person . 
  just look at him and try not to think he is potus . 
  you meet that person somewhere .
