1023 , actually, 
  yup . 
  in fact , when there are mistranslations in the subtitles ( which is quite rare ) , i usually catch them . 
  the dutch do n't dub . 
  hmm ... for me the http_accept header had by far the most bits of information . 
  is n't that strange ? 
  should n't that be a constant depending only on the rendering engine ( and maybe a few other browser specifics , but definitely not user specifics ) ? 
  try again ... at 23 june 21:00 utc , 1 gbp was 1.50056 usd . 
  the latest rate ( 6 july , 14:05 utc ) is 1 gbp = 1.29266 usd . 
  that 's a 13.9 % drop . 
  as a christian , i feel like those values are rooted much more in conservatism than in christian values . 
  granted , the two often go hand-in-hand , but correlation does not equal causation . 
  to be fair , a similar argument can almost certainly be made for almost any extremist religious group . 
  i guess the point is that you should n't really generalize either way . 
  if you count only land area the population density of the netherlands is north of 500 , though . 
  ( and i 'm pretty sure the england figure already excludes water . ), 
  actually , population density in the netherlands is significantly higher if you only count land area , and not water ( which makes a big difference 33,883 km ^ 2 vs 41,526 km ^ 2 ) . 
  netherlands : 502 people / km ^ 2 england : 413 according to a quick google search , 429 based on population and land area data i could find . 
  but foreign policy and security are areas where most , if not all , member states can benefit massively from cooperation . 
  an economic union implies freedom of movement , and that requires tight cooperation on matters of security . 
  after all , criminals and terrorists are no longer bothered by borders , why should the security apparatus be ? 
  and for foreign policy , most member states are simply too small to have much influence on the international field . 
  but the eu is certainly big enough to have that influence . 
  this translates to more influence on geopolitics , and thus a safer europe , and better trade deals , and thus a wealthier europe . 
  for example , in europe regional products ( parmesan , belgian waffles , bordeaux wine ) enjoy protection , but outside of europe they generally do n't . 
  in making a trade deal , the eu could demand that that protection be extended , and they would probably get their way . 
  on the other hand , if puny little belgium would make such demands when negotiating , odds are not exactly in their favour . 
  i think you could choose which option you preferred when registering to vote from abroad . 
  i got my ballot and a list of candidates ( and voting pass , and explanation , and return envelopes ) physically in the mail . 
  it 's even easier than that . 
  you can just leave the candidate number blank , and it will default to the number one . 
  source : voted from abroad . 
  this stuff is actually being applied to prevent satellite collisions without revealing the positions of satellites ( which is competitively sensitive for corporations , and may compromise national security when concerning things like spy satellites ) . 
  here 's an interesting article about it : https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/cryptographers-could-prevent-satellite-collisions/ and [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bap_azgx3b0&amp;ab_channel=danbogdanov ) an accessible youtube video giving an overview of the technology . 
  being able to borrow a lot of money is directly indicative of having a high income potential . 
  think graduates of elite colleges with high student debts , businessmen who went into debt to fund their enterprises , etc. 
  even if these people are in a bad situation financially , they still typically live in high income countries like the us . 
  it is absolutely ridiculous to compare them to someone starving in niger . 
  what meeting ? 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  well , typically the largest party has the `` mandate '' to try and form a coalition first . 
  the formation might be much longer and more painful if pvv becomes the largest party . 
  always a misleading fact . 
  here 's a relevant quote from an [ economist article ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/21715043/ ) on that factoid :  the world 's least wealthy include over 420m adults whose debts exceed their assets , leaving them with negative net worth . 
  most of this net debt is owed by people in high-income countries . 
  there are , for example , over 21m americans with a combined wealth of minus $ 357bn . 
  only people with relatively good prospects , by global standards , can be so poor ; the wretched of the earth could never borrow so much . 
  if all of the people with sub-zero wealth are excluded from the comparison , the poorest half of the remaining population would have a combined wealth equivalent to the richest 98 billionaires . 
  here 's another quote from an [ abc fact check ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-02-03/are-62-people-as-wealthy-as-bottom-50-per-cent-oxfam/7114666 ) on a similar statistic from 2016 :  '' [ but ] they ( oxfam ) are playing a game when they say 62 people have as much wealth as the bottom half of the world , '' he said . 
   `` my three-year-old son has as much wealth as the bottom tenth of the world because he has no debt . '', 
  now 98 is still a mindbogglingly low number , mind you . 
  so i really do n't see why oxfam saw the need to publish these misleading statistics instead . 
  this is on the linked wikipedia page :  the concept would allow for reusing 80 % of the stage 's economic value : the engine , avionics and propulsion bay . 
  the engines could be re-flown about 10 to 20 times . 
  the approach could have several advantages over the spacex technology under development , specifically it avoids the high stresses their booster engines experience during deceleration for a vertical landing and for a geostationary flight it would only require around 2,000 kg of fuel to return safely to the ground against an estimated 35,000 kg for spacex . 
  i have no clue whether that is accurate , but if it is , it seems that the plan has considerable merit , even when compared to the spacex system . 
  but you seem more knowledgeable than me ; care to elaborate ? 
  he clearly did a great job , but such an experience can also be very traumatising . 
  more so when you 're new to the job , i imagine . 
  hope he gets the support he needs . 
  since this a discussion about the tech industry , i think it is fair to make the comparison between the tech sectors in the netherlands and the us . 
  and in that comparison , the dutch salaries fall far short of the us ones . 
  dutch salaries are not even close to the salaries in silicon valley , seattle or nyc . 
  or really any us tech salary . 
  it should either be just the capital of the uk ( london ) or the capitals of all of the constituent countries ( london , cardiff , edinburgh , belfast ) . 
  just including london and edinburgh is inconsistent . 
  actually ... [ world happiness report ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_happiness_report ) . 
  actually , the highest point in the netherlands is mount scenery , at 887 metres . 
  no , the question was whether any non-dutch speakers recognised the joke ( it was a ken m meme ) . 
  i know there 's german marines under dutch command : http://www.bundeswehr-journal.de/2016/seebataillon-und-korps-mariniers-eine-weitere-etappe/, 
  best of luck then . 
  forced relocation ( slavery and exile ) from the dutch east indies and dutch malacca , [ apparently ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cape_malays ) . 
  indeed . 
  actually , it was explicitly dutch policy not to expand the dutch language in the dutch east indies . 
  it was supposed to remain the language of the elite . 
  that probably explains why indonesia is not a dutch speaking country today . 
  dutch is not scandinavian . 
  and what does that tell you ? 
   the majority of the assaults were committed in the soviet occupation zone ; estimates of the numbers of german women raped by soviet soldiers have ranged up to 2 million . 
  according to historian william hitchcock , in many cases women were the victims of repeated rapes , some as many as 60 to 70 times . 
  at least 100,000 women are believed to have been raped in berlin , based on surging abortion rates in the following months and contemporary hospital reports , with an estimated 10,000 women dying in the aftermath . 
  female deaths in connection with the rapes in germany , overall , are estimated at 240,000 . 
  antony bevor describes it as the `` greatest phenomenon of mass rape in history '' , and has concluded that at least 1.4 million women were raped in east prussia , pomerania and silesia alone . 
  according to natalya gesse , soviet soldiers raped german females from eight to eighty years old . 
  soviet women were not spared either . 
  [ for today 's ten thousand ] ( https://youtu.be/qc7hmhrgtuq ), 
  it 's not apple that 's tying this up ( although they 're certainly involved ) . 
  it 's ireland itself that is refusing to stick to eu policy . 
  this is a very different case from the google one . 
  either way , it is true that companies can tie up these fines in court for a long time . 
  but assuming the ec is in the right , the courts will order the company to pay the fine regardless ( likely plus interest ) . 
  they may also be ordered to cover the legal fees of the ec . 
  this has all happened before . 
  if a company actually flat out _ refuses _ to pay the authorities , then their assets can be seized . 
  they will also have to deal with additional fines , possible restrictions of their business and heaps of bad press . 
  the eu is a huge market , and a massive source of skilled employees . 
  google would be crazy to jeopardize that . 
  google is welcome to fight it in court . 
  it 's about uncompetitive practices towards other price comparison services , not towards the companies selling the products . 
  ( although having a monopoly in the price comparison market will allow google to charge higher and higher prices to the retailers , so the retailers also stand to benefit from healthier competition . ),
