  he should feel sorry for * us * for our proximity to the french, 
  ( uk ) it 's a joke . 
  but a joke a lot of people watch . 
  we never send anyone good , and even if we did all the mainland countries tend to vote for their neighbours anyway so not like we 'd ever win . 
  i still watch it , it 's fun . 
  i do wonder when france will stop being stubborn and give their results in english like literally everyone else , though . 
  at least in the uk , the old people vastly outnumber the young , and they 're also much more likely to vote . 
  nobody tries to attract younger voters , because pandering to the elderly is more lucrative in votes . 
  an exit poll is a poll of people just after they 've voted . 
  literally every single other poll was wrong . 
  every single poll except for the one exit poll were completely incorrect . 
  the scottish referendum had a huge turnout , and even 16 year olds could vote . 
  there was an 84.5 % turnout , it represents the feeling of the people not just the old people . 
  if the turnout were 40-60 % maybe you might possibly have a leg to stand on . 
  as it was n't , get over it . 
  scots want to stay in the uk . 
  there was a huge turnout in that referendum , and the voting age was lowered to 16 for it ... the majority of the * country * voted no . 
  not just the majority of * old people * . 
  some people just believe that police forces everywhere are terrible , corrupt , abusive . 
  because their country 's police force is . 
  from what i 've heard of german police they seem at least fairly similar to ours in the uk . 
  nice , polite , there to help . 
  you 're talking out of your arse . 
  scottish/welsh culture is still completely alive and well . 
  cornish just dissipated without ` the english ' doing anything about it . 
  go to wales right now , every sign is in welsh with most of the time english alongside it . 
  welsh is still taught in schools . 
  they still have all their cultural festivals , their music , their food to an extent ( same island so food is similar all over , but they have many distinct dishes that you ca n't get in the rest of the uk ) . 
  ` the english ' are used as a bogeyman all the time , try actually learning about something before you spout shit . 
  oh , also our union achieved an incredible amount of great things : we have great explorers , great scientists , great artists , the biggest empire the world had ever seen , the industrial revolution ... much of that came about through the union & the rest was strengthened by it . 
  i ( brit ) very much want further integration in europe . 
  if that takes the form of a ` united states of europe ' then i 'd be completely fine with that . 
  the uk 's pretty dark , wow . 
  there are plenty of important issues which people do n't get the right to vote on , or that our elected representatives vote on on our behalf . 
  you do n't have to put everything to a referendum . 
  as much as i hate ukip , i 'm pretty sure they 're in favour of pr over our current system . 
  our general elections excluded ( because they 're a travesty ) we do democracy right in this country . 
  we respect the results of referendums . 
  we 're not in the eurozone pal ... 
  it 's unlikely we 'll leave , the conservatives have an interest in staying in the eu & public support for it is at an all time high . 
  would rather not have one because i do n't believe we need that kind of risk . 
  genuinely ashamed of my country today . 
  small amounts of votes in lots of constituencies but no majoritied . 
   people will become more informed about the positives and negatives of the eu or more misinformed , the tabloid press being the tabloid press after all . 
   every party the greens , lib dems & labour do n't want an eu referendum . 
  that is literally the whole point of ukip . 
  regardless of if they practice safe sex or not , men who have sex with men make up the majority of total hiv infections , even though they 're only a percentage or two of the population . 
  ban a few thousand , tens of thousands of people and you get rid of literally most of the hiv risk . 
  they are n't in the uk at least . 
  homosexuals are not banned here , only men who have had sex with men , intravenous drug users , and people who have been to risky parts of africa in the last year are banned for hiv fears . 
  putting feels ahead of science & risk . 
  way to go . 
  50 years ago , vs 2 years ago . 
  bit of a difference there you idiot . 
  times have changed . 
  our people there voted to remain with us , argentina tried taking it from us by force , there are resources there we would like to exploit , we 've had possession of the islands for 240 years or so . 
  that said , if the people there decided they wanted to be argentinian we 'd accept it no problem . 
  we have quite a lot of soldiers stationed over there and training over there , would be quite difficult for even russia to do something so bold . 
  you 're being too sensitive , he 's talking about other nations not taking the islands from britain ( as it is a bot , it is british after all ) after the people voted i think 99.8 % to remain with the uk . 
  quaking in our boots . 
  https://twitter.com/oflynnmep/status/559291435712004096 ukip mep says so, 
  general feelings on the eu are more positive than ever . 
  we 'd only have a referendum if the tories got into power , ukip would just take us out straight away . 
  it 's unlikely that we 'll have one since the tories are unlikely to get into power . 
  but as i say , feelings on the eu are more positive than ever & only growing . 
  the tabloids that is , the rest are mostly either pro-eu or neutral . 
  `` if you want to follow the direction of greece '' or , to put it a better way , `` do it responsibly and follow the advice of basically all current economists '' . 
  fwiw , greece tried austerity after their economy got screwed . 
  it made it worse . 
  labour are very much in favour of further integration in europe , i do n't think anybody 's explicitly said that they are in favour of federalisation . 
  might as well vote for the christian people 's alliance . 
  whoever they are . 
  i understand that there 's more to it , but most of the other stuff i 'd be okay with either party for ( their stances on the eu for example ) , but i ca n't really see myself voting for a party who are going to give us a few more years of spending cuts . 
  my constituency is a very safe labour seat : - labour : 47.4 % - con : 25.6 % - lib dem : 15.9 % - bnp : 5.1 % - ukip : 3.9 % - greens : 1.6 % - christian peoples alliance : 0.5 % i 'm not expecting my vote to mean much , but i still have to vote regardless . 
  as concisely as i can say it : the lib dems are pro-austerity , while the greens are anti-austerity . 
  ` bad ' if you 're a right-winger . 
  i 'm a student , i was torn between the greens & the lib dems . 
  disagree with the lib dems on their economic policy , and that ended up swaying me towards the greens . 
  maybe my mind can be changed back before the election . 
  brits . 
  the number of people being admitted to hospital has also risen dramatically over the tory 's reign . 
  after completely fucking our poor , disabled , elderly and vulnerable people - as well as our youth & while cutting essential services , furthering privatisation of the nhs , stirring up a lot of anti-eu sentiments , being anti-internet freedom sure the country is ` stable ' . 
  you sound like you 'd be more for the greens than the lib dems . 
  they are also completely pro-eu , are anti-nuclear weapons ( and therefore trident ) . 
   forcing scotland to stay in the union . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  the majority of them voted to stay in the union , why on earth would we kick them out ? 
   only party that is fully pro-eu . 
  greens and labour are fully pro-eu . 
  tories ( to an extent ) and ukip are the only anti-eu parties . 
   more than 1,000 survivors die every month in this country , well yeah , surely most of them are at least in their 80s ? 
  it 's pretty normal for old people to die ... 
  yeah but we english live in the same country as londoners , so our suicide rates should be through the roof . 
  the uk is considered to be in both northern europe and western europe , we 're up there with the scandinavians, 
  anywhere above the south of england gets basically a similar amount of sun , though . 
  in fact manchester ( north england ) gets 250 hours less sunlight a year than glasgow does . 
  it 's because they have poor history education . 
  germany bombed a lot of places in the uk , it 's why kids were evacuated from all over the country to live with families in safe places , away from industry/munitions factories/air bases etc and why everyone had to have blackout curtains so no light from the houses would give away the population centres, 
  israel is 65 % atheist ? 
  never woulda thought,
