it does n't , he 's wrong about it . 
  are you insane ? 
  we have a vast amount of studios here , i 'd wager even more than the us has, 
  my school taught french or spanish , whatever you wanted to do . 
  we learn either french or spanish , some places teach german for at least 3 years & then you decide if you want to keep learning it or give it up for another subject . 
  while nice to be able to speak another language , it 's far from an essential skill for us in this world & so a lot of people tend to not really care . 
  local markets and much of my other shopping from aldi/lidl goes a long way . 
  30p for 2 litres of sugar-free pop for when i want something other than water even . 
  everything 's cheap as chips if you know where to get it . 
  and i 'm 185cm & was 108kg ( before losing weight through eating like that , that is ), 
  carbs and processed foods are indeed a * much * bigger risk than eating meats and fats , you 're right . 
  i spent a few months eating little else other than meats & fatty foods & lost 24kg ( 52lbs ) in that time - i did n't do anything except cut carbs down to a minimum, 
  exactly - instead of spending money on trying to get people to stop eating meat ( which is n't going to happen , let 's face it ) why not spend it furthering research into synthetic meats ? 
  minimal ecological impact & everyone still gets to eat properly . 
  that was the original purpose of the party , but it 's 115 years old now so the purpose has changed somewhat, 
  back when i was doing keto and eating meat for every meal , i was spending # 15/week on food & drink . 
  is it cheaper than that ? 
  not sure of specific numbers but i 've seen news articles where parents of some of the girls have been arrested for it . 
  if they find out , they go after them . 
  yeah , people have been arrested for it . 
  no set quota , but the uk has agreed to take on 20k refugees . 
   15 $ that 's over # 10 an hour , they pay # 8.15 or so an hour in the uk at the minimum . 
  which is still a good starting wage for a shop assistant , better than basically anywhere else . 
  the absolute basic salary for working in aldi is # 8.15 / hour . 
  it 's over # 1/hour above minimum wage , which is pretty nice . 
  is anyone else sick of germany trying to be the big boss leader of the eu ? 
  no , mr vice chancellor of germany , you do n't have the power to say who gets what in the eu . 
  it 's really a silly stereotype , our food is far better than it was when the stereotype came about during ww2 rationing . 
  there 's a reason a lot of the world 's top chefs are british, 
  there is no stereotype that germans shout , it 's just exaggerating the harshness of the german language . 
  even in this video when they 're trying to make german sound all nice it still sounds harsher than most other languages . 
  nobody 's saying that 's a bad thing . 
  nobody said it does n't sound nice , it just sounds harsher/angrier than the other languages . 
  nobody said it sounds bad . 
  it does sound angry , however . 
  even when said with the same kind of inflection . 
  they all work together to keep prices artificially high . 
  more profit for all of them . 
    wants to renationalize energy companies  not necessarily bad , just a bit weird . 
  it 's not bad at all , energy companies make money hand over fist in the uk where they make extra profit every single year , and yet the savings made by the energy companies are * never * passed onto consumers . 
  renationalising it will ensure that the consumers actually pay a fair price for their energy . 
  i do n't think they could do that , and even if they could the population of the territory would probably just hold a referendum on independence if the uk government did something like that . 
  though i 'll admit i do n't know all the nuances of the relationships between the uk and its territories, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_overseas_territories they 're the sovereign land of the uk , but they do n't form part of it and the uk government does n't control it . 
  therefore , the uk 's not on the list, 
  the uk is not on that list . 
  british overseas territories are , which the uk does n't control . 
  they have our head of state , the queen , but they 're self-governing . 
  i 'm starting a petition to turn blackpool beach into a nudist beach, 
  there 's practically no unpopulated areas in the uk , so yes . 
  they claim to be the police a lot of the time . 
  well it 's harmful because they might beat you up if you do it, 
  in order to sue someone here for that you have to prove that the person rescuing you left you in a worse condition than you otherwise would have been in . 
  if they had to break your leg to save your life , you ca n't sue them . 
  because here people are supporting the torture of animals and putting themselves in harm 's way in order to do so . 
  i 'm not going to go around hoping all the supporters die , but i also do n't care very much about the ones who did . 
  you 've had shit tikka masala then . 
  we do it in the uk too , just not in london . 
  they 're miserable bastards down there . 
  no we do n't . 
  also , oriental is n't an offensive word in the uk like it apparently is in the us . 
  tax is taking some money from you , this is forced labour which is taking your time for you . 
  time 's more valuable than money for a lot of people . 
  `` we do n't think that government-mandated forced labour has any place in a modern society '' `` tantrum !, 
  child !, 
  sorry , did n't realise that most western coubtries do n't have functioning societies without forced labour . 
  inspired by ! = primary motivation it 's very possible that he chose ricin because of the show , they are n't saying he chose to kill someone because of the show . 
  nope . 
  map 's wrong . 
  never heard anyone make fun of the irish here . 
  but those french bastards though ... 
  that 's the joke , making fun of france would be punching down, 
  similarly , brits do n't make fun of the irish nearly as much as we make fun of france, 
  in the uk we just have `` smoking like a chimney '', 
  it is n't the government who owns the cameras . 
  the vast , * vast * majority of them are owned by private businesses protecting their shops etc. 
  you have no right to privacy in public , whether you 're in the uk or the us . 
  if someone walks up to you and starts filming you in the us you ca n't stop them . 
   a pound to us is like a months wage to them . 
  average salary in tunisia = # 795/month ( 2445 dt ) . 
  5 dt can almost buy you a packet of cigarettes , and other cheap items , but not much else . 
  and for everywhere but london , having a chat with old people . 
  no but it 's nsfw not `` something that will get you fired '' . 
  can you really not see that accidentally opening pictures of newsreaders with their tits out could be a bit embarrassing if your mam is behind you ? 
  nsfw does n't just mean a warning for when you 're at work , maybe he has family around or something, 
  straight marriages hardly keep mankind going , procreation does & you do n't need marriage for that . 
  not that i 'm anti-gay or anything but if you 're taking the word `` phobia '' for its literal meaning , then you must also think that homophobia means people are scared of gay people irrationally ? 
  they 're just bigots , homophobia 's just a word that stuck to describe this particular breed of bigot . 
  ca n't look into it any further than that . 
  if only . 
   this is why we do megathreads . 
  it 's not to sweep things under the rug . 
  it 's to bring attention to it , and to focus that attention in once place . 
  that 's great , but when threads with links to english news sites for the stories are deleted and replaced by a `` m\u00e9gathread '' which has links only in french/google translated french links - and the mod posting it says to people who want english links ` you post them , if people want them they 'll upvote them ' then we have a problem . 
  would n't you agree ? 
  http://dsephton.rmplc.co.uk/ticktack/files/langsur2/eustats.htm except that is n't true , now , is it ? 
   - english : 47 %  - german : 32 %  - french : 28 %  - italian : 18 %  - spanish : 15 % german is the most spoken first language , english is the most spoken second language/most spoken overall . 
  just to further your point , even english speakers wo n't know it . 
  it 's a totally obsolete word in our language . 
  except he deleted threads with english news articles in them , and replaced them with a megathread with only french articles/google translated french articles .
