  as a brit living in the uk i could n't imagine moving to another country for any reasonably long period of time without learning the language . 
  i 'll learn the * basics * to get me by if i 'm there for a week or two , but these people are moving for * years * ... 
  nobody said anything about permanent disabilities . 
  you can be temporarily blind as well , or temporarily deaf ... 
  bunch of humourless bastards in this thread , holy shit . 
  lighten up you twats . 
  more like americans ignorant about how much better we have it . 
  one guy further up tried suggesting that paying $ 5.5 k/year is n't a lot for healthcare . 
  laughable . 
  always that their grandfather or great great great grandfather hated the brits ( they take that to mean the english ) so they think they have to hate us as well . 
  they also think most irish people are being oppressed by us in the uk still , so yeah . 
  $ 5500 a year is a vast amount compared to what we spend , and we have better healthcare ... and if your treatment requires you to go to another country for specialised equipment etc , the nhs * will pay for you to go over there and get treated * . 
  rich or poor , young or old , from the cradle to the grave . 
  everyone gets access to the best healthcare in the world . 
   in the us you might have more chances of becoming wealthy . 
  there 's lower social mobility in the us than most european countries , you really do n't have more of a chance of becoming wealthy . 
  nope . 
  got the best healthcare in the world in my country , got a not totally corrupt government , got excellent public services , i could just get public transport everywhere if i wanted , our police are actually caring people who wo n't arrest you for resisting arrest while you 're having a seizure , pharmaceutical companies are n't allowed to advertise prescription meds on tv , people are better drivers , people here are n't so insular and most know a reasonable amount about the world outside our borders . 
  i could go on ... 
  uk here - not unless you plan on being shirtless in public a lot i guess . 
  says the pole, 
  in the 70s maybe , our food is pretty fantastic today . 
  last time i 'm replying to you since this is getting really old . 
   so , anecdotal evidence without offering anything palpable , just your `` personal experience '' . 
  remind me , please , why should i or anyone else be convinced by this ? 
  you asked if i ever met the kind of mental sjws , i had , but there 's no way i can ever prove that or any way to convince you of that , so there 's no way i could have answered your question satisfactorily . 
  either you believe my personal experiences over a period of a few years , or you do n't . 
  there 's nothing else i can do there . 
   let me tell you what i think . 
  you spend way too much time on tumblrinaction and related subs which has given you a skewed perspective about how many of these `` crazy sjws '' there are and what they do . 
  okay , let me tell you what i think . 
  you spent not enough time looking at what * actual * sjws are writing , doing , saying , you spent not enough time finding out about them to form a proper opinion of them . 
   your definition of sjw above was the people who attack anyone that gets in their way . 
  in your own words : yeah ? 
  what is your problem there ? 
  i 'm saying that the majority of sjws will attack people to get their way , through means of doxxing , attempting to get them fired , mailing them dangerous items etc it is n't tautological to refute the claim that it 's only the minority doing these things . 
  the majority are doing it , you & the sjws * say * it 's the minority . 
  truth be told at the end of all this there 's no way for either of us to convince each other of our position . 
  we have no facts , we have no statistics . 
  both of us have only our anecdotal evidence and that is n't enough for neither me nor you . 
  let 's just leave it here , alright ? 
  well since nobody 's actually done a study on sjws and their opinions , my real life experiences are all i can offer . 
  there 's not much proof i can give you for my experiences though so it 's a ` believe me or do n't kind of thing i guess . 
   the majority of sjws are sjws ? 
  stop being dense , i obviously said the majority of sjws are the vocal ` minority ' who attack anyone to get their way . 
  you 're asking for statistics for real life experiences ? 
  literally how can i give that to you ? 
   ( the majority of what ? 
  where ? ), 
  obviously the majority of sjws . 
   where did you meet them ? 
  in real life , in actually talking to them mostly . 
   once-in-a-blue-moon doxxing attempt no , and it 's definitely not once-in-a-blue-moon . 
  it happens all the time . 
   but you have to realise these people are an extremely small minority and do not pose any threat that 's what they always say but i 've seen no credible evidence that there even * is * a silent , moderate majority . 
  all i can see is that they * are * the majority here . 
  also no threat ? 
  sending people hypodermic needles with an unknown substance in is no threat ? 
  literally getting people fired by lying about them is no threat ? 
  sending people dead animal carcasses in the mail is no threat ? 
   the anti-sjw exaggerates how many they are and how big of a problem they are because it suits their anti-liberal agenda . 
  except the vast majority of the ones i 've met have been like this !, 
  this is n't a tiny minority of them , this is the majority !, 
   ever met one of these `` feminazis who want to kill all men '' in real life ? 
  i sure have n't . 
  well , yeah . 
  i 've met quite a lot of them . 
  anti-sjw is n't anti-gender equality , or lgbt rights , or tolerance , or multiculturalism . 
  it 's literally what it says - anti-sjw . 
  i 'm against these ` social justice warriors ' who constantly dox people , constantly send people death threats , constantly call people 's places of work to try to get them fired etc. 
  i 'm * for * everything they * say * they stand for , but the way they go about it is far too militant for anyone reasonable to side with them . 
  provided they did their research . 
  i take exception to you saying that i 'm being taken advantage of , since it 's something i 've followed for years & do feel strongly about . 
  i know a lot of far-righters are in the same boat about being anti-sjw , but i believe that 's just because it is n't a left-right issue . 
  anti-sjw does n't mean far-right . 
  i 'm a socialist who 's also anti-sjw . 
  basically like the roma/gypsies . 
  travel around being an all around nuisance , setting up campsites on school fields/parks , shitting everywhere , burgling houses in the general area of their campsite , stealing pets , mugging people etc. 
  then they get moved on and do it somewhere else . 
  i do n't remember exactly where it was , but i remember a news story about some travellers being given a council house . 
  they carved it up for everything they could salvage from inside and went on travelling somewhere else . 
  competent , but not best in show . 
  daily star talks about saving money over the `` dull mirror '' . 
  it 's a tabloid for people who think there 's too much `` dull stuff '' in other tabloids . 
  the metro , the daily mail , the sun , the mirror , the daily star and increasingly the telegraph are as low as you can go in terms of journalistic integrity . 
  i 'm from up north , you might be thinking specifically of yorkshire there pal . 
  mancs/lancs/etc do n't say it like that, 
  northern english do n't say it like that, 
  it 's the name everywhere but in ireland . 
  literally nobody but the irish use anything but the british isles . 
  it 's showing proof counter to what he believes to be true , so therefore it 's wrong . 
  y as in yes, 
  why ? 
  it 's something we do from being kids in the school canteen , if someone drops their food the whole room cheers, 
   they 're probably just as healthy if not more . 
  apparently they 're some of the healthiest in the world , with germany being on about the same level . 
  the us meanwhile has pretty unhealthy teeth ( but as long as they 're white , right ! ), 
  there 've been ideas thrown about involving moving parliament up to manchester for a couple of years while they do heavy renovations on the place, 
  you can be a dictator even if you were voted in ... 
  i hate to draw the nazi comparisons but you have to remember that they were also democratically elected,
