  i heard that gollum is actually a master of the force , rather than the goofy over-the top cgi character we all knew and loved, 
  f1 is much more popular than cycling, 
  there are many chinese families who came over here decades ago , living all of their lives here in their chinese communities never speaking english . 
  he 's a very principled man , something which ca n't seem to be said for anyone else ( except maybe natalie bennett ) who could become pm in 2020, 
  legalise gay terrorist weed, 
  maybe he just wanted to go on the rubber dinghy rapids bro : /, 
  it was coming from ashcroft 's book , the dm just reported it, 
  10 % of an economy is still huge ... 
  they did n't even help us in the falklands conflict . 
  they would n't let us refuel our ships in their ports . 
  america is the uk 's ally ** only ** when it suits them . 
  we need the eu & it would be foolish to say that the eu has n't helped to maintain relative peace among member states . 
  eh , more a string of germany & juncker really . 
  where did you visit ? 
  the south east has very very little rain compared to the rest of the country , so if you visited london or anywhere near there chances are the weather would be pretty good, 
  the uk is both northern and western europe . 
  always has been . 
  i say paytriot but that may be a manc thing, 
  there 's two words : curb ( keep in check ) and kerb ( edge of the pavement ) , canadians and i think yanks use curb for both, 
  the police have said they have increased dramatically . 
  at least in the uk ( before gay marriage ) it gave exactly the same rights . 
  other countries give less rights in areas such as adoption, 
  some did , some did n't . 
  a huge portion of this country has to be clinically insane . 
  that 's my only explanation . 
  amazon . 
  and i do n't think you understand the severity of what he did ? 
  so what if he 's lucrative , you ca n't punch a coworker while going off on a bigoted rant at the guy . 
  i like clarkson . 
  but he was out of line , and the bbc was right to not renew his contract . 
  oh no , they did n't keep on an employee who punched another employee while shouting anti-irish expletives, 
  it 's all down to the school . 
  if the school had a russian teacher they could teach russian , that 's one of the options for gcse after all, 
  and it 's a pretty wrong notion . 
  the uk very often has humidity in the high 80-90 % s, 
  and plenty of countries do fine with uniforms . 
  it 's almost like neither is wrong . 
   most people do n't care what you wear these are kids . 
  that 's just not true . 
  school uniforms are fine . 
  i preferred having one . 
  it 's regional . 
  in some places trousers and pants are synonymous . 
  trousers and pants are synonymous in parts of the uk . 
  primary school ones often do . 
  i had shorts in primary school , but not in secondary . 
  in summer months in secondary school we could buy a separate `` summer shirt '' where if we were wearing it we did n't need to wear a tie or blazer , did n't need to have the top button done up and did n't need to tuck the shirt into the trousers . 
  bit of a scam really , we could have just done that with our regular shirts ... 
  i 'm pretty happy that we had uniforms . 
  but you 're xvampireweekend , all-american troll so whatever, 
  most sixth forms do n't have uniforms either , unless they 're attached to a secondary school, 
  girls do n't wear kilts, 
  you have to be kidding , right ? 
  that 's london . 
  it 's basically a different country to the rest of us, 
  if the uk decides to go the route of being out of the eea then the work and higher wages would be up in the air . 
  they think of the public far more than our own government . 
  i 'd much rather be governed solely by the eu than by the uk parliament . 
  considering the highest number ever reached on the petition site was 800k it 's a lot . 
  all of the fake signatures were removed a few days ago . 
  there were about 5 % fakes and yet there 's still about 4.5 million signatures . 
  there should n't be another one . 
  they should just ignore the results of the first . 
  it 's non-binding , and leave voters clearly had no fucking clue what they were doing . 
  but now it 's more likely than ever, 
  they have to be a part of those for access to the single market . 
  they have been lied to that the eu is the source of our problems rather than our government . 
  it 's always easier to blame an outside entity . 
  when you 're a fucking moron anyway . 
  piss off frankeh this referendum was on on misinformation and outright lies . 
  somehow blaming this on the left is typical for you , though . 
  most of them . 
  we also have some excellent papers . 
  some of the worst in the world for sure , but also some of the best . 
  what , you mean like [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35231046 ) ? 
  or [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36013846 ) ? 
  maybe [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35502223 ) ? 
  nah nevermind , they did n't report on it at all . 
  people always see bias in the bbc , regardless of where they stand . 
  both papers were pretty good , but unfortunately the quality of the telegraph has dramatically dropped . 
  the times is still good for a right-wing viewpoint though, 
  old people . 
  the guardian , the times and the independent are still good papers . 
  the telegraph used to be good as well but in the last year or two the quality 's dramatically dropped , unfortunately . 
  private eye and new statesman are great but they 're news magazines rather than papers . 
  it 's true that we have some of the absolute worst news organisations in the world , while also having some of the best . 
  our tabloids are a national disgrace . 
  utterly ashamed every time i see them . 
  i 'm glad you 're absorbing everything the tabloids have told you to believe , well done . 
  objective does n't have to mean you do n't pick a side . 
  in some cases one side is objectively wrong or without merit , those times it 's disingenuous to pretend to be impartial . 
  if you 're going to do a segment on a complicated issue in an attempt to sway people who can actually make a difference that 's not what he 's doing , because he 's doing a show for americans . 
  not brits . 
  hopefully . 
  britain first is n't a political party , it 's likely that he 's a supporter of both . 
  generally the bookies are more accurate than polls are . 
  that 's why people bring them up . 
  lot of polish immigrants around europe . 
  nah , competitions for work are just as harmful to our industry as this kind of spec work . 
  looking at who the uk gave 10 and 12 points to , i 'd say you 're bang on the money .
