  with all due to respect , but there has not really been any of this wealth left after germany has been bombed to the grounds in 1945 . 
  it 's more of a moral compensation with new wealth created after the war . 
  in the end of the day everything is a question of the architecture . 
  more european integration can be good or bad depending on that . 
  nationalism is usually based on same language , tradition , customs , etc : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nation thus the eu is not really a nation in that sense . 
  why is cost of living in france so high ? 
  this has also to do with domestic policy , my friend . 
  for example more competition can also decrease costs of living . 
  what you are proposing conerning the eurozone are the typical southern european approaches . 
  however i dont see how they would lead to any sustanable solution . 
  maybe with eurobonds the eurozone could continue like before 2008 for 5 or 10 more years , but after that the whole eurozone ( including france and germany ) would be bankrupt and nobody would be left willing save us anymore . 
  maybe china , but compared to their bailout conditions the greek bailout conditions would look like a walk in the park . 
  and furthermore i dont thnk that eastern and northern europeans hesitate to join the eurozone because there is not enough mutual risk sharing . 
  they are rather hesitating because they are afraid they have to bail out other countries as well . 
  slovakia even refused to take part in the greek bailout . 
  in the baltics , finland , austria , the netherlands this has been quite unpopular as well . 
  thus , southern european wishfull thinking is not a promising option for the eurozone . 
  only in a true political union more transfers would be acceptable to these populations . 
  but this option is not very realistic at the moment . 
  cheer up !, 
  i am optimistic that the brits will pass the status of the main scapegoat of this site soon to germany again . 
  you just have to keep this status for maybe one or two more weeks . 
  it feels like kind of holidays from a german point of view , where you exactly know everyday life will soon be back , so you you have to enjoy every single day of it . 
  sorry , that you had to do our holiday replacement . 
  but it has been kind of your `` election '' . 
  this is not only a typical reflex of german lefties , but of an international pseudo-lefty alliance ( as observed in the eurocrises ) . 
  apart from that this proposal is made by a back bencher and wont change anything since english will stay the main working language . 
  however it 's somehow ironic that the country , whose language has been chosen to have superior status is leaving the club and saying british concerns have hardly been considered . 
  europeans is exactly going into the mad direction because countries which have done their reforms would have to pay for countries which refuse to reform themselves . 
  this is no sustanbale solution and would be rightfully refused by the populations in the more reformed countries . 
  not even in the usa , which is a true federation , there are joint bonds between the states , but just for the federal level !, 
  the difference of a european government to the commission would be that it would be smaller in size and get its members voted according to the ep election result , not by the member states , which would become part of the second chamber . 
  the election of the commission president by the ep has been a first step in this direction , but is not sufficient . 
  germany supported france in mali as far as i remember although this is mainly a french post-colonial issue . 
  on the other hand france just agreed to take a few thousands refugees and let germany deal with more than a million of them , although you have a `` left-wing '' government and president . 
  concerning italy and greece have you ever thought about that their problems could have to do something with red tape and lack of reforms ? 
  berlusconi had other priorities than reforming the state when he has been in power . 
  the only ones benefitting from the greek bubble have been the greeks themselves ( before 2008 ) and the hedge fonds and banks which have been saved by the eurozone taxpayer . 
  i honestly can not how other eurozone countries benefit from that mess . 
  concerning le pen and front national i dont think it is the right strategy to act in such a defensive way and let them dictate our political agenda . 
  in contrast i would wish the french government to confront and attack them much more and finally reform their country to solve the underlying problems like unemployment . 
  that 's the right way to deal with far-right and far-left populists . 
  in germany we know one or two things about how best ( not ) to deal with extremists from our history . 
  appeasement is not the right way to do it . 
  actually everybody already knew in the beginning the the emu architecture wont be sufficient to last forever . 
  the introduction of the euro has been a politicial decision of european countries after german reunification which in my view couldnt have been happened either without silent support from the other main players of the western world . 
  you should do it at the same day trump gets elected for us president and then have a closer look at the global markets the next day . 
  the uk has refused to take part in the greek bailouts , while just taking part in the irish ones . 
  so , it hasnt really done more than necessary . 
  and what one could read in most uk newspapers also had mainly the focus on fingerpointing which countries are to blame and should do this or that , while i hardly read anwhere what the uk could contribute to help eurozone countries to get out of troubles . 
  i would actually really have welcomed that but havnt seen a big initiative like that . 
  in the eurocrises where such support was badly needed the uk has basicly submerged saying `` the euro is not our problem '' and in the ep elections cameron failed to nominate an own candidate ( with such a program ) before the elections waiting with complaining about juncker until after the elections . 
  look , here is a table of total debt levels in 2008 : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-bqn2vwy6xmy/ubqcdmclb9i/aaaaaaaaes0/ricq-6m4bxy/s640/mckinsey.jpg keep in mind that economically more powerfull countries like the us , japan or switzerland can also run into debts easier than economically weaker countries like china , brazil , india , russia ( and also spain ) . 
  also have a look at growth rates of debts in local currencies below the diagram . 
  can you provide me a link where hollande proposed something like that ? 
  the point is that the eu basicly still is a confereration , where states souverignity is weighted higher than european rules . 
  and actually transforming that into a federation is nothing that can easily be done , especially in the current climate of euroscepticism . 
  in fact starting the closer integration with a monetary union , but without a political union happened due to french pressure after the german reunification , which germany only accepted because of the non-bailout clause in the maastricht treaty , which has been ignored ( again not at last due to french pressure ) . 
  thus , we already have too much financial risk sharing compared with the level of political integration we have . 
  going even further in this direction would be mad . 
  first we need a european army and a european government . 
  otherwise we have to go back to non-bailout principle with possible state insolvencies . 
  the french should show leadership and publicly decide between one of these two options . 
  you have to look at private debt levels as well , not only on public debts !, 
  the eu rules have not exactly been respected during the last decade ( maastricht treaty , fiscal compact have actually been ignored ) . 
  why should we believe that these rules get suddenly respected after these even higher fiscal transfer are in place ? 
  i do not really believe that especially france accepts to limit its national souverignity . 
  after all it has always vetoed such initiatives in the past . 
  the main problem during the last 5 years has been france with a president who has basicly refused to lead ( like sarkozy has still done ) and leave the whole burden for leading the eu on germany ( which can not work ) . 
  i really hope you guys soon vote for a new president who is taking his responsibilities concerning the eu again . 
  otherwise the eurozone has no future . 
  yes , because in the first year inside the eurozone they have exploitet the advantages of the eurozone too much ( like cheap borrowing costs ) without looking at the risks of it . 
  increasing the debts now would be nothing else as repeating the mistakes already done before . 
  be aware that you only have such low interst rates because the rest of europe kind of guarantees fot it . 
  otherwise you would already be back on the level like before the introduction of the euro . 
  spiegel has its own leftty agenda as well . 
  they can also get quite arrogant and stereotyping if something doesnt fit in their worldview . 
  just sometimes concerning the eurozone , but that 's hypocritical . 
  the tories actually failed to nominate a counter candidate before the ep elections . 
  i think there would have been quite some support for a eurosceptic candidate ( who could have argued for decentralizing the eu again ) in other countries as well . 
  cameron could have easily done that and it would have been good opportunity for eu reform ( in their desired direction ) , but instead he just started to complain after the election when it was too late and initiated this gamble referendum . 
  you should be ware that labour party with tony blair also deregulated their economy ( even more than the eu ) . 
  thus this is not a question of the political modell . 
  since eu is no nation state it can only survive with a quite consensual modell . 
  the author of this article seems to have no clue what he is talking about !, 
  i agree . 
  since the eu is no nation state it can only survive with a consensual modell . 
  even switzerland has such a modell and it has only 4 , while the eu has more than 20 cultures and languages !, 
  thanks for translating !, 
  have you done it yourself or where did you get it from ? 
  actually i dont remember the italian government opposing greek bailouts . 
  it has rather been pushing for them . 
  actually i think the eurozone would nowadays be in a better condition by letting some greek , french , german and other banks take the hits and eventually go bust in 2011 . 
  states can still save the depositors afterwards . 
  the alternative to lehman brothers is a long lasting greek style crises . 
  i wouldnt mind these banks going bankrupt , although i have some money in one of them . 
  the main problem in europe is that we think we have to save all the banks and dont let some of them go bankrupt like the us has done during its finacial crises . 
  and who has recovered better from the crises : united states of america !, 
  let finally some banks burst , renzi . 
  the taxpayer has already been liable for the debts of the financial sector more than enough in the eurocrises .
