always pointing out germany is actually an obsession of the anglosphere . 
  it has mainly been the us ( and the uk ) pushing for turkish eu membership due to geostrategic reasons . 
  without european hesitance against this anglo-american pressure turkey would already be an eu member ( and the eu would actually be in an even bigger mess than it already is ) . 
  but much more of them fought against hitler-germany e.g. 
  in the french army . 
  tell this to the greeks and italians who want a fiscal union !, 
  and by the way , the us has been much less centralized in the times before the civil war as well . 
  last time some us states wanted to leave their union , the other states declared war to them . 
  in comparison the eu acts quite liberal towards britain i would say . 
  furthermore the us is not acting in any way more generous with puerto ricos debt crises than the eu is doing it with greece 's debt . 
  actually merkel , cameron and may havnt been directly elected either , but got elected by their mp just like juncker . 
  so , why has there been a push to globalisation in the western hemisphere after the war ? 
  what do you think ? 
  yes , they can . 
  however you have to look what is the main ideology . 
  and in the case of the us as the western main power this has not been nationalist , but globalist . 
  i agree that the ussr has been another story . 
  liberal democracies = globalists against fascists = nationalists, 
  it has played a big , but not the only , role . 
  i have never said that . 
  please stop putting words in my mouth which i havnt used . 
  it 's rather you who seems to have problems to understand contexts . 
  are you thinking world orders are falling from the sky ? 
  are you talking about this guy : http://www.schwaebische.de/cms_media/module_img/4690/2345304_1_article660x420_b993882215z.1_20150401123711_000_g0b3hfgc5.2_0.jpg, 
  no , i am just assuming that ww2 winners acted in a rational way and established an order according to their preferences . 
  of course they couldnt know exactly the conditions to discover after 1945 during the war . 
  for example eastern europe couldnt get included in that area since it has been under soviet influence . 
  who wants to tell me this ? 
  so , you think the new world order has been a coincidence ? 
  i wouldnt be so sure about that . 
  look at the consequences : universal western values , free trade , european integration , etc. 
  the export orientated modell of modern germany as well as its liberal asylum rules ( only topped by sweden as far as i know ) are of course a consequence of ww2 . 
  hitler in comparison wanted to conquer living space to establish an autarchic germany , which is quite the opposite modell . 
  and there is no connestion between facism and nationalism ? 
  globalisation didnt get a huge push in the western world after ww2 ? 
  i wouldnt see poland , greece and france as the big war winners , but mainly us . 
  and the us kind of established a globalist world order after ww2 . 
  however their policy has been to form kind of a globalist modell out of germany after ww2 . 
  ww2 has basicly been a war between globalists and nationalists as well . 
  and now the globalist world war winners wan na turn nationalist ? 
  that 's in fact what cameron has done as well . 
  as i said before to change the constitution you normally also need 2/3 majority in parliaments . 
  furthermore people in governments are at least supposed to be experts on political matters . 
  what i like about switzerland is the federal system and the liberal tradition , but although i know that it is kind of a public religion in switzerland and many people from the rest of the world are attracted by it too , i dont think national referndums about any questions with 50 % majorities are a good idea . 
  such referendums can be easily influenced by powerfull lobbies too ( e.g. 
  in switzerland it makes a big difference if the svp billionaires finance a campaign or not ) . 
  i agree with friedegg3 that change of constitutions should afford 2/3 majority . 
  that 's what they also need in the parliaments . 
  actually switzerland also has its problems with questionable referendum results , doesnt it ? 
  that 's naive . 
  even in a federation there would be a competition between the member states . 
  or do you wan na get a highly centralized eu . 
  god beware !, 
  ... as long as marine lepen is not in power ... 
  eu should have its own nukes . 
  france should sacrifice them to the eu like germany has already sacrificed its dmark . 
  eu council debates behind closed doors , while the ep doesnt . 
  so , it 's at least less transparent . 
  after the meetings every pm can basicly tell his public what he wants . 
  a new political situation would require a new strategy . 
  eu should create a united army . 
  democratic reforms ? 
  cameroon actually tried to undermine the first democratic election of the european commission president . 
  and also his renegotiations were only about special opt-outs for the uk . 
  no , in the years following 2004 germany has done the same reforms . 
  thus , germany actually also had its euro crises - just a few years earlier than most other countries . 
  so , turkey could eventually ask to become 51 state of the usa instead . 
  great stuff !, 
  thus , the canadians call us-citizens `` americans '' ? 
  why dont you just have a look in the eu antitrust rules ? 
  as far as i know canadians also live in north america . 
  so , how do they call their continent ? 
  why do they always attack france ? 
  sarkozy has shown european leadership despite economic problems . 
  it 's possible because there are also other parameters like diplomatic/military clout that count and where france is more influential than germany . 
  honestly , i dont think that the eurozone will survive another 5 years without strong franco-german leadership . 
  inside the eurozone france still a huge political influence . 
  i would say more than germany , since france has a closer relationship to the other southern european countries . 
  this was the fiscal compact , which doesnt get applied anyway , right ? 
  i dont know about the personal relationships but at least merkel and sarkozy have shown common leadership . 
  although i really dont agree with everything they initiated , this is still better than the agony of the last 5 years . 
  the greek government actually makes itself ridiculous cocnerning this name blockade . 
  as if they wouldnt have much bigger problems to solve at the moment . 
  even more so coming this from a supposed `` left-wing '' - government . 
  yes and the slogans of a `` reluctant hegemon '' who is always doing `` too little , too late '' which the british press often attributed to angela merkel actually fit much better to monsieur hollande . 
  merkel has shown much more leadership than hollande , although she knows quite well that germany can not lead europe on its own . 
  i wont and am not able to assess sarkozys legacy concerning his domestic policy . 
  however what i can assess is that concerning european policy sarkozy has shown much better leadership than monsieur hollande ( although france has already been economically weak at that time as well ) . 
  i agree . 
  the biggest problem of europe during the last 5 years has been the weakness of france and the unwillingness of monsieur hollande to show european leadership, 
  great stuff !, 
  in this case you should start to form a party with such a program as soon as possible since there doesnt exist one in spain so far . 
  so , are you in favor of dissolving the eurozone ? 
  bubbles can be prevented by regulating the housing market . 
  it has been the failure of your politicians ( and the eu commission ) to allow the bubble to happen . 
  of course for politicians it is unpopular to step in for limitting an economic boom , because these are usually unpopular measures reducing employment and tax revenue in the first place . 
  who cares about the future anyway ? 
  politicians usually only think about getting voted in the next elections . 
  interesting , i have never heard of that before . 
  are these common sayings in the netherlands ?
