  so far i agree , but for that it 's not necessary to rescue every single bank ( as it seems to be the case in europe ) . 
  instead we should also let some banks go bust like the us has done it . 
  however you call it ordinary citizens and tax payers having to pay for wealthy bank customers and shareholders is what happened in greece and this policy hasnt had a good outcome . 
  they get interests . 
  and furthermore the ones having more than 100.000 on the bank are richer people than the average taxpayer . 
  and if necessary one should also let the banks go bankrupt in which case the investors have to suffer . 
  thats market economy while acting like in the greek crises is socialism for banks ( and states ) . 
  and right so , since we in the end all have to pay for it . 
  the wealthy depositors should have to pay first . 
  it seems there are such rules otherwise italy would be allowed to do it . 
  it could also be a speculation that the brexit actually wont happen in the end , since uk politicians still hesitate to push article 50 . 
  actually the new rules for the banking union have just been agreed very recently and i dont think its a good idea to violate eu rules like during the greek crises again . 
  that 's exactly the point i was talking about before : you want the ecb acting like the eu is a souverign state , but on the other hand it seems you dont acknowledge eu laws . 
  thats a big contradiction , which i perceive with many people !, 
  the banking union actually shares risks among its members . 
  thus , italy also has to follow its rules which it signed . 
  in the meantime the banking union has been agreed which claims bail-ins have to take place first . 
  so , you prefer taxpayers bailing out banks instead ? 
  just bad that the sun has much more readers than the times . 
   pritchard is well-respected this statemenet can be questioned with good reasons . 
  i read some articles of this guy and perceived it actually much more as anglocentric eu-bashing than quality journalism . 
  actually i think germany could live with inflation target system although i am not sure that it is really the better method . 
  however the real reason that forbids fed style methods for the eurozone is that the eurozone is not a state while the us , uk and australia are states . 
  you shouldnt forget that eurozone countries are souverign states which dont like eu interfering too much in their inner affairs either . 
  the eurozone is still a confederation and not a federation which has its consequences for the design of the common currency as well . 
  actually keeping that in mind the ecb has already went quite far with their `` monetary '' measures . 
  germany also already had a good export industry during the times of the dmark . 
  nevertheless i agree with you that such huge trade surplus can not be in germanys interst either and the euro is even increasing them . 
  however in the end of the day there has to be decided if you want a race to the bottom ( germany following a policy which brought many countries in financial crises ) or a race to the top ( other countries implementing more stability orientated policies which will also reduce trade imbalances in the medium term ) . 
  i am quite convinced that the second option is more sustanable . 
  actually the ft is not the referee about european treaties , although they would like to be . 
  dont you have a primary source from the treaties ? 
  for all politicians it is actually the far easier way to increase spending and put the burden on future generations . 
  to cut spendng is never popular and will never be , which does not mean that it is a bad policy . 
  actually something bad already happened even before the referendum with the murder to jo cox . 
  but it hasnt changed the result either , although many `` experts '' predicted it . 
  dont forget the media . 
  i think murdoch is the one person who has biggest responsibility for brexit . 
  more than johnson , cameron and farage together since he has spread his anti-eu propaganda over years and decades via the sun etc. . 
  politicians and population rather adapt to the leading opinions in the media . 
  does farage know that he just used a hitler quote ? 
  since sarkozy has already been voted out of office i also think a new candidate like alain jupp\u00e9 would be better for the next presidential elections . 
  actually sarkozy has been a good leader concerning eu affairs in my mind . 
  at least better than hollande . 
  the european parliament still has a democratic deficit , as long as the `` one man , one vote '' rule is violated . 
  probably he was mixing it up with [ swaziland . 
  every country would be allowed to offer better loans to greece . 
  the same counts for britains whose banks debts in greece have been rescued by the eurozone taxpayer as well . 
  why hasnt switzerland offered better loans to greece ? 
  even worse are generalizing titles like `` germany says ... '' , which are also typical for the anglo press , when some random german politician might have said something . 
  look , i wish you all the best . 
  i just think there are far better alternatives to pp than podemos , because podemos indeed remind me on many popilist movements in south america who actually hardly solved any problems ( but often made them worse ) and are not really known for being specifically anti-corruption either . 
  it can always get worse . 
  just have a look at venezuela !, 
  actually the swiss also have some trouble with the implementation of their referenda results . 
  the content of the free movement restricting initiative is still not implemented since it violates bilateral treaties and time is running out ... 
  the main problem in the last 5 years has been that france has such a weak leadership since hollande came to office . 
  the duo sarkozy/merkel still worked well and a franco-german leadership is what europe needs . 
  germany can not lead europe on its own , but france has been hiding during the whole crises , has only done too little too late and left germany the whole burden of leadership . 
  the big tabloids have much more influence than the times . 
  the greeks havnt cared about the result of their referendum either . 
  no , he doesnt . 
  there are several commenters on reddit doing that , but he is not one of them . 
  it seems you are not able to understand him correctly . 
  personal opinions and the media mainstream are two different things . 
  but the problem is that the press actually has influence on personal opinion of many people . 
  however i have to confirm that i also perceive large parts of the british press are latently anti-german and full of stereotypes . 
  german press is much more friendlier to britain in comparison . 
  there has actually never been a german hegemony in europe . 
  also the two world wars have just been struggles about european hegemony . 
  since the end of ww2 europe is actually under us hegemony and nobody even really seems to notice it ( which shows how far reaching us hegemony actually has gotten ) . 
  switzerland also profited more from the brain drain per capita without paying the price of being in the eurozone for it . 
  countries not participating in the euro zone like britain profit even more from the brain drain . 
  this is only the case because major european countries have accepted a swiss special status since the westphalian peace treaty / vienna congress . 
  bigger countries like e.g. 
  germany simply wouldnt be allowed to follow a swiss style isolationist agenda and would also get huge difficulties with its neighbours by implementing a swiss style direct democracy . 
  switzerland has managed to get into a niche of world policy and therefore has a bigger political scope of action . 
  it also works because switzerland is a small country and other countries grant it a special status . 
  ... and the svp is your strongest party :d, 
  the whole balance of power thinking has never been something idealistic but always just been a strategy to maintain british hegemony . 
  everything else is propaganda . 
  the economic situation of a country is actually only one of many parameters which are relevant . 
  the size of a country as well as the political climate in a country play a major role as well . 
  note that spain and germany are among the few european countrys where right-wing populists havnt managed to get seats in the national parliaments yet . 
  in this case the swiss would need to have the highest rates for more involvement what i actually highly doubt . 
  monetary policy wont be able to close this gap , only structural reforms will be able to do so . 
  that 's not the easy way usually proposed by the populists , but the only sustainable . 
  we are not living in a european state . 
  there have been good reasons for the maastricht treaty . 
  what the ecb is doing is very dangerous , but as usual most people will only wake up as soon as the next bubble bursts . 
  you actually should remember that as a spaniard . 
  i disagree since only 3 % of turkish landmass are in europe and its main religion is islam . 
  the current behaviour of the turkish government dont qualify either . 
  the us helped to create the chaos in the middle east with the coup in persia and the iraq war , so it should take responsibility for the consequences . 
  turkey is more oriental than european . 
  american establishment wants turkey inside the eu just because of geopolitical reasons ( nato , etc ) but then again europe has to face the consequences ( like it already had to face the consequences of the wars in the middle east ( while the us itslef just took a few thousand refugees ), 
  this is not comedy , but satire . 
  satire is usually less `` funny '' but has a political message . 
  this video is not comedy , but satire . 
  these are wo different things many people dont seem to be able to differentiate .
