  but you know that this boom has been fueled by the eurozone property bubble ( before it bursted ) ? 
  yes , but when something is going wrong you sometimes have to do one step back to go afterwards two steps forward again . 
  so , why do n't we dissolve the eurozone if everything has been so fine before ? 
  this article is crap . 
  germany has already done quite well with the d-mark ( like switzerland is still doing well with the strong franc ) and we accepted to join the eurozone mainly for political reasons . 
  in fact germans would be richer with a appreciated d-mark , could import more stuff , travel cheaper , etc. 
  the huge trade surplus does not really benefit germany , while a lower german trade surplus wouldnt really benefit southern europe either ( but it would rather benefit countries with a chronical trade deficit like the us or the uk , what is the reason that the angloamerican press is pointing out that in any occassion ), 
  of course , the brexiters , always friendly as we know them !, 
  i am quite sure that i know more than you about it . 
  the policy of continous devaluation against the d-mark is something that annoyed especially the french and has thus been one of the main drivers for the creation of the eurozone . 
  and also keep in mind that spain already had its problems with unemployment before it joined the eurozone . 
  do you actually think europe has benefitted from ww1 ? 
  or at least britain ? 
  so what if ? 
  there is no legal reason why germany should have to do so . 
  it 's very easy : outside the eurozone spain would have much higher interest rates than inside the eurozone ( as it had before joining the eurozone and during ez crises before the ecb stepped in ) . 
  have you already asked yourself once why whole southern europe wanted to join the eurozone from the beginning while northern europe ( sweden , denmark , uk ) has been rather hesitant : that 's the reason !, 
  yes , i actually think a debt cut would have to be included in the deal . 
  spain is , however , a huge net receiver of the eurozone ( via interest rates ) . 
  the eu budget is peanuts in comparison . 
  you can not print so much money without getting the mother of all inflations , unless you have a world reserve currency like the us . 
  there is no question that there would have to be a huge debt cut at the same time . 
  yes , of course i am talking about the last 5 years . 
  without the euro it would be another story . 
  i agree that there is growing anti-eu sentiment and i think the main reason is that the european countries are too diverse to peacefully integrate to such a degree ( common currency , etc ) . 
  going further into the direction of a european superstate wont solve that problem but rather accelerate the resistance against it . 
  so , better to take a step back to an eu like before maastricht and live with it that europe is not on an eye level with the world superpowers . 
  your borrowing costs are only so low , because the rest of the eurozone kind of guarantees for it . 
  otherwise they would already be on the same levels like before the introduction of the euro . 
  look , i dont deny that it may feel like that living in portugal . 
  on the other hand you also have to see that portugal would already be bankrupt without the eurozone rescue measures . 
  i am all for dissolving the eurozone in a manner of mutual agreement . 
  but to achieve that portugal would at least have to do such a request to the rest of the eurozone . 
  if you ask me , we should keep the eu , but dismantle the eurozone . 
  the eu has benefitted all of us , but the eurozone turned out to be dysfunctional and not reformable . 
  of course you will survive . 
  you will just have a lower living standard without the eu-transfers . 
  that 's probably the reason that there is no significant portuguese party advocating for leaving the eurozone . 
  on the other hand this is the easiest option to fight unemployment . 
  so , they are basicly syriza 2.0, 
  is there any significant spanish party which wants to leave the eurozone ? 
  i do n't know any !, 
  as long as people get continuously told such shit by their media it will be very hard to end it . 
  there exists a certain double standard concerning tolerance of antigermanism and antisemitism . 
  actually i think the handling of the cypriot ( with bail-ins ) has been much bettter than the handling of the greek crises ( without bailins ) . 
  better a quick shock than a long illness . 
  and furthermore bailins are also necessary according to new eu law , which we can not continue to bend and ignore without destroying the fundament of the eurozone . 
  for that reason there are desposit insurances . 
  clients with desposits of more than 100.000 should not be saved at the expense of poorer taxpayers . 
  that goes against social justice . 
  there still have to remain some challenges for the future . 
  otherwise the motivation is gone . 
  new eu rules have to be respected . 
  no bailout without bail-in !, 
  the banksters have to pay their share . 
  in this european cup every team beat their bogey team : italy beat spain , then germany beat italy , france beat germany and finally portugal beat france !, 
  come on , it 's just black and yellow . 
  could be more creative . 
  db is just the 11th largest bank in europe and anyway this is mainly about italian banks . 
  the banks have to feel the pain , that 's very important . 
  otherwise they wont change anything . 
  i have been talking about syriza coalition partner anel , which is a right wing populist party . 
  and afd attracts many voters of , you know what , die linke . 
  did you take in account the signal which you send to the banks by bailing them out in your calculation ? 
  so , the banks know they can even take higher risks because the taxpayer will anyway save them if something goes wrong . 
  as so many times in history britain has outclassed the rest of europe again and showed us little europeans what it will mean to live in a gerontocracy . 
  i agree . 
  t will be gloablisation winners against globalisation lossers . 
  right-wing-nationalists and left-wing nationalists might unite against liberals as we have already seen in greece . 
  a bail-in of the banks biggest despositors is already eu law and absoluetly necessary . 
  ignoring eu laws again might well be the last coffin nail for the eurozone . 
  let the banks finally take their losses . 
  we have already rescued too many of them !, 
  yes , of course this played a role , but there has been antisemitism in whole europe for nearly 2000 years . 
  the reason why it radicalized so much in germany in the 1930s has to do with the lost world war and the following economic crises . 
  of course this can not be a moral excuse . 
  i just think that this has been the main reason without which it never could have come so far . 
  but you are free to suggest other assumptions . 
  the need to find a scapegoat for ww1 and its outcome, 
  so , what do you see as the reasons that germany has done that ? 
  actually i think there are other levels in politics than different kind of nationalisms . 
  you could also describe it with a competition vs cooperation approach . 
  i am not saying that more integration is necessarily always better . 
  in the end it depends on the architecture of the construct . 
  and indeed the eurozone has had some flaws . 
  you can downvote me again , but i dont see it like that . 
  not sure there will still be a euro in 200 years , maybe not even in 20 years . 
   what i meant is that the us has been a immigrant country where all new immigrants more or less subordinated under the existing culture . 
  i do not see this happen in europe , although i would like the idea . 
  national identities are still very strong in europe and resistance to further integration is quite high . 
  it ' s just close ccoperation . 
  in my view its not realistic that the proposals of verhofstadt will be implemented . 
  as long as most people in the eu can not even understand each other in their different mother tongues ( and ironically have to use a language of a country that just decided to leave the club ) one can not speak of nationalism in all honesty . 
  what you have detected in the last two weeks is maybe the sum of many european nationalisms which seem similar from a british perspective in the case of brexit . 
  however in other questions ( e.g. 
  eurocrises , refugeecrises ) these coalitions can change quickly depending on assumed national interests . 
  judging about the last 200 years america has a much more successfull history than europe . 
  us became world power number one , while europe basicly destroyed itself . 
  but you dont have to be afraid , europe wont be able to integrate at a level like the us in the next 200 years . 
  ok , but pretending that other armies havnt done any war crimes at all in ww2 isnt correct either .
