kek . 
  this is everything i expected to happen when i read the headline . 
  and all of this will come true if / r/the _ donald gets the power . 
  yours , ours or both ? 
  i do n't think we 've ever been at war with switzerland . 
  maybe it 's time for a change . 
  no we do n't . 
  the closest thing that comes to it is horvat . 
  big difference . 
  he 's actually the best one oddly enough . 
  his biggest weakness is that he does n't have any political capital behind him , but other than that he 's pretty good . 
  it 's everybody else that 's fucking retarded . 
  we 've got a minister of culture that praised a muslim nazi , a minister that copied his master 's thesis , and one that was forced to resign because of a public backlash because he entered a different address to get more travel expenses , had physical confrontations with 2 bus drivers , threatened to execute another one , and he 's in a legal dispute with a single mother with a disabled child to which he brought in witnesses to give false testimonies . 
  edit : my mistake , the guy that copied the master 's thesis is not a minister , but the head secretary of hdz - one of the parties that are now in power . 
  you would laugh to no end if you had ours . 
  it 's basically and absurd drama at this point . 
  this time slavs rule though . 
  how does this relate to the race baiting comment the guy you responded to was responding to ? 
  and ? 
  yes , but try explaining that to the parents who implant and enforce the behaviour of their children . 
  this explains it quite well : https://youtu.be/h-enxwtxrqi, 
  nah , we 're tired of fighting ... for now . 
  where does animal abuse come in here ? 
  kek . 
  your move merkel . 
  yeah , same here . 
  there used to be a time like 10 or so years ago when people would find unexploded bombs from ww2 . 
  usually during construction projects . 
  the adriatic is full of old bombs due to the 1999 . 
  nato missions in serbia . 
  the planes took off from italy and they ca n't land if they do n't drop their load , so they dropped it in the middle of the adriatic . 
  this is stuff from the world wars i assume . 
  i think klingons were modelled after spartans , and vulcans after athenians and their war after the war between athens and sparta . 
  how inaccurate are they ? 
  give it to me in milliseconds . 
  ca n't help with the first one , but here 's a small contribution for 2 and 3 . https://i.imgur.com/luxcfdo.png, 
   anything that goes against my personal beliefs is a right wing conspiracy . 
  k then . 
  13 % of syrian refugees have a positive attitude to some extent towards isis . 
  http://www.clarionproject.org/analysis/13-percent-syrian-refugees-support-isis-poll the poll itself ( page 19 . 
  ) : http://english.dohainstitute.org/file/get/40ebdf12-8960-4d18-8088-7c8a077e522e i 'm not really sure what kind of proof you 're looking for but it is how it is . 
  they never had it because the regime punished it severely . 
  now all bets are off and these are the attitudes they display . 
  i do n't care if you like it or not but it is how it is . 
  because this : http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
  because my vote is comparatively diminished as opposed to my vote for a national government . 
  other nations still hold their interests above others and they are right to do so . 
  i want the same right and the eu is not that . 
  i do n't particularly care about europe on a global stage . 
  if for example iceland can negotiate a trade deal with china then so can any other european nation . 
  first off i did n't say that i do n't want to accept the 3000 . 
  i am against the principle of another country imposing forced quotas on us . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , they can stay , but we have limits in terms of economy and tolerance . 
  we have the third highest unemployment in the eu with no end of it in sight . 
  the current migrant policy is non existent and only consists of `` we must be moral without being rational '' type of thinking like angela merkel is doing . 
  not to mention that they and we would be better off if they were in a refugee camp in one of syria 's neighbouring countries in terms of resources required to take care of them and the culture clash . 
  second thing . 
  middle easterners and bosniaks are not the same and comparing them is like comparing apples and oranges in terms of culture despite both being muslims . 
  example : http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ third thing . 
  i am against the eu on a matter of principle of self determination and sovereignty . 
  i wish to be the master of my own destiny and i think that eu is not the best place for me in that regard . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  this migrant crisis and forced quotas are just a symptom of a deeply undemocratic system that i have almost no influence over and am expected to take lying down . 
  few . 
  this does n't mean that they wo n't be forced by germany to settle here . 
  and this is what worries me . 
  the fact that some other country can decide what should be an internal policy . 
  but we know that millions more are coming to europe , so i expect new quotas or closing of borders . 
  exactly , nobody cares what we want so i do n't want to be in the same union as them . 
  we can still have a referendum to leave , though i do n't see it happening . 
  the eu will probably disintegrate thanks to the migrant crisis and brexit , so i 'm not really worried . 
  and if germany forces more migrant quotas on us we will probably rebel too . 
  i 'd like the same thing the british are negotiating for . 
  common market without the political union . 
  it falls apart . 
  best pro in my book . 
  how is that the same as him invading italy ? 
  stop moving the goalposts . 
   by invading the countries nowhere did he say or imply that . 
  you 're nuts dude . 
  and you interpret that as him invading italy ? 
  lol, 
  that man is a gem despite his flaws . 
  good for you guys . 
  not that much since they 're leaving almost immediately , still there is a cost to those that chose to spend a few days in a camp ( food , medical attention and so on ) , but they also leave almost immediately . 
  i ca n't find any articles since nobody actually did any sort of analysis on this whole thing . 
  the media just pushes the `` refugee '' angle and nobody has crunched the numbers . 
  you 're wrong about the `` not impacted in any serious capacity '' part . 
  when hungary closed their borders , all of the migrants crossed into croatia . 
  there have been about 500 000 of them by january ( probably more now ) . 
  they do n't stay here , but the same can be said about greece . 
  you close yours and we close ours . 
  so you admit to doing it then . 
  i see no point in a further discussion . 
  nice goalpost shift you did there . 
  you asked for a source on the `` ex-stasi operatives to monitor people who disagree with migration '' and you got it . 
  plus she is obviously biased as per her own words : `` immigration is the future . 
  we really need to change the immigration policy in europe . 
  this is very important , you have to adapt the education system and adapting countries ' self-understanding . 
  they are no longer just white or just swedes , or only portuguese or german .
