yes , compared to socialist policy master stalin . 
  well , communism fucked up russia the most ... 
  african-europeans then ? 
  nacionalsocialists were still socialist . 
  economy was in the hands of the state ... 
  we have no army , no battle cry . 
  of sad . 
  it does n't make any sense , why would the right wing fight each other in this matter ? 
  it will be nationalists and republicans vs socialists and democrats . 
  i always thought vladimir is rubbing his hands seeing all the crimes , violence , rapes and murders then this whole refugee crisis started . 
  is n't divided , destabilized and distracted europe better for russia ? 
  no , mostly it 's because of capitalist free-trade culture and stability . 
  because they would be in simmilar culture whereas european is fundamentally different . 
  we ca n't take care of ourselves and we certainly do n't have money to waste . 
  joke is on us , easterners . 
  they will get everything from the western tax-payer and live way better than us . 
  and without working a day in their life . 
  but how can takings somezin back that was never yurs ? 
  i think eastern europe would pay , with what little we have , to keep them out . 
  letting in more africans/romas in poor , divided countries is just nuts . 
  i doubt it worse than lithuania 's . 
  fake !, 
  this never happened and it was all staged by the cia . 
  why did you picked russian version of a story when there is lithuanian and english ? 
  having a breakfast with white table cloths , without changing clothes , without a shower , after a workout can only complete filthy peasant . 
  eat a steak for breakfast ? 
  tea cups throb ? 
  in general , tea is taken with a steak ? 
  and this is russian elite ? 
  i exaggerated it . 
  yes , in schools there were alot of emphasizes on [ westerm betrayal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal ) . 
  if a syrian crosses 6 or 7 countries to claim asylum in germany , than it is obvious that his main motive is raising his living standards , and the refugee law is a tool . 
  you are completely lost . 
  the west did n't do anything to russia until we broke out ourselves . 
  but let me ask you , how is taking in more migrants any help at all ? 
  do n't you think this would encourage even more of them to flock to europe ? 
  there are north of a billion people in africa/me - and damn near all of them would like to gtfo and go to europe . 
  if even 10 % of them do , europe ceases to exist as ` europe ' - and more than 10 % will if it becomes clear to them that europe will let them in . 
   relentlessly pushing for a more distribution ... everyone in europe should what kind of sick social experiment is this ? 
  it is morally right that a refugee should seek asylum as close to his home , and in such similar social environment as possible . 
  letting them in is not an answer . 
  if eu do this then ten times more will come thus creating more problems . 
  if europe would have turned them down like australia did there would n't be any problems now in the first place . 
  and yes , in that case i would expect the eu to help , but certainly not by making qoutas and resettling them . 
  because that would encourage even more migrants to come . 
  so , lithuania ca n't even handle it 's own weight and you expect us to take care of someone else ? 
  if half a million africans swamped my country that would be an invasion . 
  and we would kick out those invaders to wherever they come from ... 
  if some migrant brakes into our home , on what basis does he have a right to live here and get fair share of my country 's wealth ? 
  you missed entire point . 
  merkel said germany will take all of them . 
  european countries do n't want refugees . 
  more refugees for germany . 
  it 's a win-win . 
  most upvoted economist comment : fascinating how the economist can write an article about an attack by an islamic fundamentalist in france ( one of many in the past few months ) , and then on the next page advocate massive migration from the muslim world without blinking . 
  it 's all well and good to focus on the neo-nazi rally outside of dresden . 
  yes , they 're thugs . 
  i do n't support them . 
  but why do they have any sympathy in the first place ? 
  why are these groups rising up all around europe ? 
  because the political class and magazines like this prefer to hide behind political correctness and ignore what 's going on . 
  they disregard the harassment from muslim men a white woman around birmingham faces walking down the street in a skirt . 
  they ignore the massive increase of rapes this past decade among swedish women in stockholm . 
  they bluster when shown that 70 % of france 's prison population is muslim . 
  that half of all british muslim men and 75 % of all muslim women are unemployed . 
  that 80 % of sweden 's welfare budget goes to foreigners or foreign born . 
  that as many as a quarter of all muslims in the west support terrorism and suicide attacks in the name of islam . 
  they love to pretend that these immigrants are nothing more than job seeking labor-bots without their own cultures and compulsions , who wo n't change the fabric of society and will instantly work and add to the economy . 
  sorry , the regular people around the west see exactly what is going on . 
  they saw the italian aid worker gang-raped at a migrant center two weeks ago . 
  they saw a bunch of muslims migrants attacking police and trying to kill a man in germany after he tore pages out of the quran last week . 
  they know 800,000 migrants to germany alone in one year is not sustainable or healthy . 
  they are n't stupid . 
  they are n't blind . 
  and if you continue to lie to them , you will lose all legitimacy , and things will get way worse before they get better . 
  people have a right to know the truth about what is going on . 
  people have a right to preserve their cultural heritage and community cohesion . 
  and people have a right to not spend their money on migrants who far too often mooch off of the dole . 
  stop pushing a false narrative . 
  stop fudging the numbers . 
  it 's criminal , and we all see right through it . 
  nobody in europe oppose your dicision , just do n't put this burden on other countries . 
  a month ago i heard something about lithuanian child being taken away and the official reason was `` sniffing his hands '' . 
  in my opinion , norway just knows from what of a poor , under developed country she comes from ... and so that she could n't possibly fight all the bureaucracy , lawyers of bernervert . 
  i agree with the uploader . 
  they come from extreme poverty and crime , traveling 15 countries from sub-saharan africa * on foot * ... 
  the least we could do is thank them and give money for a start of a new life in sweden . 
  we should set up trans-continental ferry from hamburg to sub-saharan africa . 
  boats , trains , busses - to really get that tolerance going . 
  yes , we could just ban everyone who is against african migration and live happily in communist-multiculti paradise . 
  baltics are just too windy , too cold and too boring for tourism , in my opinion . 
  finns are way whiter than average german , they have alot more blue eyes and blonds . 
  that 's the thing . 
  we are way behind in terms of [ development ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index ) and [ economics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita ) . and so , it 's stupid for us to take any refugees at all . 
  mods on rampage , 4 people replied to my comment , all gone ; ddd, 
  if a syrian crosses 6 or 7 peaceful countries to claim asylum in germany or sweden , than it is obvious that his main motive is raising his living standards , but not safety . 
  italy does n't want refugees ? 
  good . 
  more refugees for germany and sweden . 
  it 's a win-win .
