you do n't need to be part of the eu to adopt the euro . 
  ireland is not really an outsider . 
  they also split off from the uk . 
   she 's just a 3 hour plane ride away for the odd constitutional duty which she already does in scotland 3 hours from london to edinbourgh ? 
  by plane ? 
  seriously ? 
  i do n't think we have such a city . 
  we made fun of the burgenland ( i do n't exactly know why , maybe because it 's the last state which joined austria ) , and now it 's carinthia ( because of [ j\u00f6rg haider ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b6rg_haider ) and the extraordinarily strong right-wing fp\u00d6 , which almost turned carinthia bankrupt ) , but one city ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  russia is an important economy partner of the eu . 
  a relevant part of our economy relies on a good relationship with russia . 
  secondly the eu is partly responsible for the crisis , because they ( and the us ) provoked russia . 
  what do you think would happen if russia or china tried to form an alliance with mexico or canada ? 
   this is just a small talk from me , but if we talk about referendum-ish approach then any vote that is n't undoubtedly yes counts as no . 
  the austrian regularities for referendums are different . 
  count the yes , count the no , win if yes  no . 
  everything else ( e.g. 
  invalid vote ballots ) is discarded . 
  edit : it 's the same in parliament . 
  they also count yes and no , the bill is passed if yes  no , even if yes is smaller than 50 % of the members of parliament . 
   a fair and democratic referendum would include the rest of spain voting in this matter , yes ? 
  like a member of the eu can unilaterally decide to left the union , catalonia should be able to do that , too . 
   as plebiscitarian elections , independence has lost with 47 % . 
  if you challenge the status quo and proclaim the elections plebiscitarian ( as junts pel s\u00ed did ) , then it 's your duty to get a majority - you can not simply declare a party that is neutral or undecided on the matter as abstention . 
  why not ? 
  at a normal pebiscit you have to get more `` yes '' than `` no '' . 
  that 's what they did . 
   52  47 what do you want to say ? 
   i 'm surprised that they did n't rank # 1 right away . 
  2/3 of the voters seem to know that the fp\u00d6 does n't have any better solutions . 
  it 's very easy to say that the actual situation is wrong , but what 's the deal if you ca n't deliver good solutions to make it better ? 
   the right wing in europe is coming around on lgbt matters not in austria . 
  the fp\u00d6 is strongly against homosexuality , it 's even worse than 10-15 years ago . 
  ( when haider was the leader of the fp\u00d6 they did n't say much about homosexuality . 
  sometimes they even left the assembly when lgbt-related topics were put to vote . 
  ( so they did n't have to be explicitly in favor / against . ) ), 
   but even if they were n't between the group that denies their right to marry and the group they denies their right to exist , i know who i would pick . 
  nobody ( who 's relevant ) in austria denies them the right to exist . 
  that 's perfecly logical . 
  we have many immigrants who are christian and do n't like muslims . 
  most immigrants come from germany , another huge group comes from ex-yugoslavia . 
  many serbians and croatians do n't like ( muslim ) bosnians and the fp\u00d6 has a huge campaign against muslims . 
  many migrants are nationalists ( e.g. 
  many serbians are ) and like that the fp\u00d6 is nationalist , too . 
  the fp\u00d6 tries hard to get serbian voters ( which are the 2nd biggest foreign group in austria , behind the germans ) . 
  they have ( a few ) serbian party members ( even representants ) , sponsor many serbian djs / concerts / discos , are strongly in favor of serbias view regarding to the kosovo conflict , have good contacts to a nationalist party in serbia , ... 4 . 
  immigrants who just got citizenship are the 1st ones who have to compete against new immigrants . 
  therefore many of them strongly oppose more immigration . 
  ( they themselves are already here and have an austrian passport , so it do n't hurts them if immigration is stopped . ), 
  serbian and croatian ( christian ) immigrants ( more in favor of the fp\u00d6 ) seem to get their citizenship faster than turkish ( muslim ) immigrants . 
  maybe it 's kind of being important . 
  austria was a huge empire ( comparable to france , uk and germany , at least if you ignore the colonies ) and lost almost all of its territory in wwi . 
  in nazi germany we were part of a huge power again , and some people dream of being in such a `` great '' power again . 
  another thing : nobody likes to be blamed for anything , so denying the holocaust is a `` good '' way to invalidate these blames . 
  yes , but former party leader haider had huge connections to the nazi scene , and strache ( the actual leader ) has / had them , too . 
  we do have other right wing parties which are not far right . 
  ( team stronach , somewhat \u00d6vp . ), 
  but maybe `` right populist '' fits better . 
  they have a far right wing part but they also have a big grup of persons who just are right wing / populist . 
  some of their members regularly get in conflict with anti nazi oh or anti hate speech laws , though . 
   this is a bit off topic , but i need to get this out . 
  accusing someone of being a nazi is a very serious insult and should n't be used lightly . 
  i spent all my life learning about the nazis and wwii and concentration camps and even now i have only a slight grasp on how it was possible that all those monstrosities were committed . 
  if someone would call me nazi i would be deeply shocked and genuinely hurt . 
  so this accusation should be used with great thought , it 's serious . 
  you 're right , but the fp\u00d6 plays with this association itself . 
  ( `` let 's see what 's possible in vienna in 14 days . 
  i think , that at latest today it got visible , that we could become the strongest force ( party ) the first time after 70 years . '' ), 
  fun fact : 70 years ago the nsdap was removed from power in vienna . 
  the victims were different , of course . 
  26 years ago in hungary : http://diepresse.com/images/uploads/e/3/d/1420861/09adff8e-bc9b-4a37-995d-bb987999ff03_v0_h.jpg, 
  invaded ? 
  where did they come from ? 
  yes , it 's great if it 's made of horse meat . 
  yeah well , approx . 
  4 % of the austrians signed it . 
  so who cares ? 
  ah , i forgot :  i do n't think that 's possible under current circumstances . 
  i 'm afraid you 're right . 
  we ca n't do it ** now ** , but at least we could start to try . 
  the eu needs more collaboration ( in other areas , too ) and eventualle should become one country . 
  with a sensible quota of federalism , of course , but ( like in the us ) with a real eu government which is independent of the goverments of its member states . 
  today presidents and prime ministers like hollande , merkel and cameron are part of the eu government and thus can directly influence eu politics . 
  governors of us states ca n't do it that simple . 
  i think this is one of the biggest disadvantages of the eu ( compared to the us , china and other global players ) . 
  i think it already lost its original meaning . 
  when nato was formed most european countries had all or most of their military destroyed in wwii , so they needed protection either by the us or the ussr . 
  ( of course both parties acted in self interest and esp . 
  the eastern countries had huge disadvantages . ), 
  decades later we live in a different country . 
  of course we still need protection , but we can ( and should ! ), 
  do it on our own . 
  the european countries by theirself are too small for that , but the eu is big enough . 
  you do n't need to be part of nato for that . 
  and what if the shit comes from the us ? 
  because nato is n't balanced . 
  it 's mainly us . 
  and because some eu members are neutral and do n't want to have a military alliance with non eu members . 
  why not ? 
  it wo n't pe prohibited to collaborate with the us , but europe needs to stand on its own two feet .
