   unfortunately fp\u00d6 is that alternative , since they seem to be the only ones who are ** selling ** the people that they actually care about them . 
  yes , they sell it , but actually they do n't . 
  the tax payer pays the price for them being part of the austrian or the carinthian government . 
   i mean , it 's clearly dominated by changes from a few decades back when family sizes were larger , at any rate . 
  of course . 
  but with lower average birth rates the role of artificial insemination incerases . 
  also women decide to get their children later and later . 
   and in 2011 , there were 61,740 births resulting from ivf . 
  is it just ivf or does it include other forms of artificial insemination ? 
  does every us state allow artificial insemination for lesbian couples ? 
  the funny thing is that austria also has accepted many refugees in the past . 
  but people seem to forget it . 
  not very different to christian countries who have laws to ban abortion or discriminate homosexuality . 
   how do you know ? 
  have you actually asked them about this specifically ? 
  i know them for years . 
  i know their political beliefs bcause we talk about politics . 
   st augustine came up with a `` just war '' doctrine , which essentially gave christians permission to use violence under certain circumstances ( only in defense ) christian countries like the usa still have the death penalty , which clearly is n't `` in defense '' . 
   it 's quite possible that many of the muslims you know do n't agree with this , but i 'd attribute that to the influence of western values rather than some alternative reading of their holy texts . 
  it 's the same with christians - western values influence them as well . 
  the ones who claim that we should n't let any muslims in . 
  ( i do n't mean you . ), 
   1 - not all non-european muslim countries are ruled by a dictator . 
  the ones with extreme islamits are . 
   2 - the biggest volumes of population are not in european muslim countries . 
  yes , that 's the reason why it looks like islam is the reason for terrrorism . 
  poor people just tend more to terrorism than well educated wealthy people, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3mnrjv/muslim_asylum_seekers_attacking_christian_asylum/cvgpy14 it 's a whole subthread . 
  our politicans , esp the fp\u00d6 , are the worst . 
  bad example . 
  that does n't mean that most of the muslims are radicals . 
   what we can do is try our best and not import bigots from elsewhere . 
  yes , but it 's very dangerous to assume that all muslims are bigots . 
   soo ... even mentioning criminal actions committed by muslim extremists is stormfront now ? 
  i 'm refering to comments like `` we should n't let muslims in , let us take christians instead '' . 
  you can read many of them in this thread . 
  and it awfully sounds familiar . 
   what the ... 
  i never said that . 
  i did n't tell them to go fuck themselves , i told those specific animals to go fuck themselves , regardless if they are coming from mars or believing in the giant spaghetti monster . 
  i have to admit that you 're right . 
  i misinterpreted you because many posters think that way . 
   so islam is a political view as well ? 
  no , but some political fractions abuse islam for their aims . 
  the article just suggests this interpretation . 
   eta and ira are motivated by political motive , it has nothing to do with religion whatsoever . 
  using those example show how much you know about the topic you can exactly say the same to most of the other attacks ( like madrid metro ) . 
  they 're political , too . 
   breivik has mental disorder . 
  just like the suicide attackers . 
  but they * do * re-educate . 
  i do n't know this poll , but almost every muslim i spoke with does n't share this view . 
  the bible also tells you to kill other people , but hardly anyone does . 
  i often hear progressive views from there . 
  yo tell them to `` fuck yourself '' because they are muslims . 
  yeah , people like the members of the npd , but you ca n't extradict them because they 're germans . 
  they are a problem . 
  criminal refugees * will * be sent back . 
  germany does n't do such things . 
  they even re-inforced border control at the german-austrian border . 
  against the crisis ? 
  i think most people and parties are . 
  it 's just the question how we should solve it . 
   you do n't reeducate stupid people , they stay stupid . 
  oh yeah , schools are completely nonsense . 
  why ? 
  they still could attack muslims or jews in europe . 
   the camps are not safe for christians ( as this proves ) schiites also have huge problems with sunnites . 
  there 's no different situation with christians . 
  uhm what ? 
  you seem to live in an other europe than me . 
  never heared of ira , eta , breivik , ... ? 
  looks more like stormfront to me . 
  dos-attack ? 
  they are . 
  not immediately because you have 1 . to prove the crimes 2 . go through the bureaucracy . 
  could you explain why his statement was `` shit '' ? 
   are you implying it is or should be normal to believe in thousand year old fairytales and live your live according to them ? 
  what 's different to christians ( the majority in the eu and the usa ) ? 
  look at the european muslim dominated countries . 
  it 's more serious to compare * them * to western europen countries than take examples from dictatures . 
   only their god has a different name . 
  not even this . 
  allah is just the arabic word for `` god '' . 
  arab christians use the word too , to worship the christian god . 
  it 's already happening . 
  no need to ask for that . 
   fucking right-wing parties making this subreddit go to shit . 
  ftfy, 
  cool . 
  where do you live ? 
  i must consume other german media than you . 
  even the op cited a german newspaper . 
  yeah , racism clearly helps in this situation ... 
   you literally read an article showing clear evidence that your country is now harbouring dangerous islamists there 's no evidence in this article . 
  do you know what cabin fever is ? 
  so what 's different to the actual situation ? 
   should we guess how many of them got deported immediately ? 
  do you know the concept of `` innocent until proven guilty '' ? 
  you ca n't deport them immediately .
