  it 's like if you fail to prove which crimes someone has committed . 
  we banned torture , too . 
  intimidating someone to send him to certain death is torture . 
   i do n't see how death penalty is connected to expulsion . 
  . . to antarctica !, 
  how are they supposed to live there ? 
  we abolished the death penalty . 
   there are also people of very little income who already have been given notice to need to move at least most of them were a hoax . 
   the government is taking away private property because it wants it to be used in a different way . 
  how is that different to building highways ( which is also `` taking away private property because it wants it to be used in a different way '' ) ? 
  accomodating refugees is a huge benefit , too . 
  which eu law ? 
  if we grant them citizenship , you 'll have to take them as well ( if you do n't leave the eu ) . 
   yes , germany and austria were defeated . 
  so they were forced to join . 
  austria was defeatet in 1945 . 
  it joined the eu in 1995 ( 50 years later !, 
  ) , after a referendum where approx . 
  2/3 of the citizen voted with yes . 
  i do n't know about the situation in slovakia ( it 's probably not bad there ) , but the austrian administative high court decided that you ca n't assume that hungary is safe for refugees , because there are good reasons to believe that it 's not safe for everyone there . 
  some other courts in europe made similar decisions earlier for hungary and also for greece . 
  you did n't highlight the `` to enjoy '' part . 
  that 's exactly what cyprus did a couple of years ago . 
   k. schwarzenberg ... who went to school in vienna . 
  :-) the house of schwarzenberg still has residences in vienna . 
  one of the famoust squares in vienna is called schwarzenbergplatz . 
  it would be kind of funny if schwarzenberg had won the election : you 'd have a president who lived in vienna and we had presidents who were born in moravia . 
  they are * not * completely surrounded . 
  a small country between them and us is still no part of the eu . 
  but you ca n't deny that there 's a very thin line between nationalism and racism . 
  nationalism was one of the main reasons of wars in the 20th century . 
  did anyone force you to join ( or to stay ) ? 
  as if nationalists anywhere else were any better . 
  we also have serious troubles with nationalists . 
  if the nato is your best friend , you do n't have any friends . 
   closest would be austria probably we do a lot of things together , but they are basically germans so they do n't really count !, 
  we are ** not ** basically germans . 
  ... or liechtenstein . 
  :-d edit : allies are not just for military purposes . 
  it 's good to have allies in in e.g. 
  the eu council , too . 
  many bohemians came to vienna as well . 
  but moravia is closer , of course . 
  you 'll still find many people in vienna with czechian surnames who ca n't be distinguished from other austrians ( maybe they already changed the writing of their surname so it 's easier to pronounce them in german language ) . 
  there 's a saying that you are not a real viennese if you do n't have a czech great-grandparent . 
  ( funny enough : despite the fact that 3/4 of my ancestors come from western austria , i * do * have czech ancestors . 
  so it seems that i 'm a real viennese . 
  you are right , the system is hypocrite . 
  if you are a refugee , you have the right for protection in another country which includes proper food , health care , etc. 
  so e.g. 
  austria ca n't push you to turkey if it 's believed that turkey wo n't grant these rights . 
  otoh `` normal '' people seem to lack these rights so we do n't have to take them . 
  that are two different standards . 
  i do n't like it , too . 
   my suggestion is to help them there , by charity , aid and political action . 
  that would be the best solution , but it seems that the eu is too weak to take actions . 
  the official party dropped that idea but they still attract people who are in favor of it . 
  if they do n't get proper food and medicine and they regularly have to face riots i do n't consider it safe . 
  because it should be denied if it violates other human rights . 
  why saudi arabia ? 
  where do you think the local towns will get their accomodations from ? 
  a few days ago our parliament made a constitution amendmend that allows our government to force municipialities to take refugees . 
  we just got the amendmend , so let 's see what 's going to happen . 
  thanks , i 'll watch it at home . 
  in theory you are right , but if they come through hungarian border you maybe ca n't put them back to hungary . 
  some courts in europe said that hungary is not a safe country by default anymore , so you have to proof that the refugees will be safe in hungary . 
  next problem : if you do n't know where they come from you have a problem with sending them back . 
  i 'm austrian , not german . 
   btw i mailed to sulik about proof to 50k of ukranians we registered and helped with asylum , so i can post it here ...  ah , i forgot that point . 
  that was great from your country , of course , and i 'm sad that it was n't mentioned in my country . 
  that 's bad . 
  the most human rights are not absolute , because they may get in conflict with other human rights . 
  of course our citizen have human rights , too , and at some point we have so many refugees that we violate the rights of our own citizen . 
  but i do n't think that we reached this point yet . 
  some of my family members and the families of friends had to flee from my home land ( austria ) in wwii and they found countries who openly took them , so i think we could do the same now . 
  but as i said : it would be much better to stop the conflicts . 
  ah , ok , that 's dublin iii . 
  that does n't apply to turkey and serbia , because they are not `` member states '' of this treaty . 
  i do n't see the billions running away from wars . 
  but of course it would be better to stop the crisis in syria , but europe ( and the us , jftr ) failed to do so in the past . 
   and according to international agreement , there is something about registering in first country you entered . 
  do you mean dublin iii ? 
  ( serious question ), 
  they fled from syria , not from turkey or serbia . 
  turkey and serbia were just transit countries . 
  it was mainly a reaction to hungary 's plan to build a fence at the hungarian-serbian border . 
  hungary was obliged to take them and germany said that they 're helping out , because they did n't want that the refugees had to stay at nowhere . 
  good point . 
   they 're your burden because they have rights and applied for asylum in your country . 
  i thought we are talking about germany and sweden . 
   the eu is more of an economic cooperation . 
  by spending money on refugees , germany would be giving less to fund projects in other countries , so it 'd be compensation . 
  if it works that way : fine . 
  i just doubt it . 
  you mean the camps in turkey ? 
  they already have 1.800.000 refugees . 
  and i would n't say that their camps are safe . 
  i did n't . 
  you do n't have a human right to get asylum in a specific town , but you * do * have the right to get asylum . 
  so someone has to take you , and `` we do n't take you , let other towns do it '' is not very fair .
