  why are they * our * burden ? 
  i thought that the eu was supposed to help each other out , but it seems like countries like greece , hungary ( forced by dublin ) , germany and sweden ( because they do n't want to let the refugees ( and hungary and greece ) in the rain ) have to take the huge majority of the burden . 
  that 's not very fair . 
  it would be another question if we talked about immigrants , but they are refugees who run away from a war . 
   it 's not fair to the refugees . 
  they are not animals . 
  they are not some livestock you can barter for . 
  they are living , breathing , human beings that can not be forced to go somewhere . 
  so we agree that dublin iii is wrong ? 
  they have no right to get asylum at a specific place . 
  i agree that you ca n't ask them to stay in hungary or greece ( these countries are already overwhelmed ) , but you ca n't force germany to take everyone either . 
  i * do * think that it * is * public interest that we do n't put large groups of refugees on the streets . 
  i did n't mean the agreement from some days ago , i mean the agreement between austria and slovakia which was made in july . 
  besides that : i think it 's just fair if every country has to take a fair share of the refugees . 
  no , in syria . 
  the last time i checked turkey and serbia were n't part of the dublin regulation . 
  strange ... since they just had one passenger too much : did they try to get a volunteer ? 
  most airlines offer volunteers vouchers and succeed at least partly . 
  should n't be that tricky if they had to find just one volunteer . 
  but maybe they are just ignorant . 
  i never flied with this airline . 
  afaik slovakia has an agreement with austria to take refugees from austria . 
   i do n't really consider myself qualified to provide a correct answer but i think the best solution would be to build more or modify the existing properties to accommodate more people . 
  at the long run : yes . 
  but unfortunately this takes time ( and you need to have the plot of land , but this should be the smallest problem ) and the government has to act * now * . 
  of course the government has made most of the problem itself : they should have built more accomodations in the last months . 
  they ca n't do with it as they please , they do have to follow rules . 
  but they need to do something if they do n't have enough space . 
  of course it 's much better to take volunteers , but what should they do if they just do n't get enough volunteers ? 
  of course it 's not always true . 
  but someone who constantly lives in his flat needs it much more than someone who just visits for one month a year . 
  so you try to act i na way which has the least impact . 
  the 1st is also `` dictating how your private property shall be used '' . 
  you are forced to give your property away to the government so they can build their highway . 
   for the record , if the local council decides a certain public infrastructure project ( as an example ) needs some land from private owners they actually go and talk ( sometimes negotiate ) with the people , otherwise , simply `` violating the right '' would get them sued in an instance . 
  that 's the normal way , yes . 
  it 's done now , too , but in case of an emergency you just do n't have much time to act . 
  but for the record : it 's very rarely used . 
  they mostly negotiate and take the property from volunteers . 
  it 's just the last resort to take them with force . 
  i think that most countries have such things like compulsory purchase . 
  ah , i was sure that there were three parts , but i only could remember bohemia and moravia . 
   so , you have a river m\u00e4hren that flows into the river moravia ? 
  sorry , that was confusing . 
   i meant the river moravia ( we call it `` march '' ) . 
  it connects moravia with austria ( and slovakia ) . 
   the laws and rights of private property of course . 
  the laws which the local and federal authorities actually created . 
  as far as i 'm aware , protection of private property is mentioned in the german constitution as well as in the civil code . 
  yes , it is , but it 's not an absolute law . 
  it has exceptions which allow to violate the right if common interest has a higher value . 
  ( it regularly happens e.g. 
  if a new motorway or railway/subway is built ) . 
  of course the government has to pay an appropriate compensation , but i assume that germany pays enough . 
  it 's one of the two ( or three ? ), 
  parts of the czech republic , right ? 
  we call it `` m\u00e4hren '' . 
  and we have a river with this name which connects us to moravia . 
  that makes more sense . 
  i do n't know how it 's handled in slovakia , but in austria almost every town tries to avoid refugee homes . 
  it 's like `` yeah austria should take refugees , but not in my town . '', 
  so the outcome was that some states like lower austria and vienna had to take more than their quota , and others just ignored the quota . 
  so the government had to pass a bill that allowed them to force towns to take refugees . 
  btw : i found statements like this in the article :  `` if they 're all war refugees , why do n't they go to the arab countries ? '' they do . 
  some of them take a huge amount of refugees . 
  in others like saudi arabia you really do n't like to live . 
  that 's not a contradiction . 
  even 1st world countries can be unsafe * for refugees * . 
  like some high courts in europe decided that greece and hungary are no safe countries for refugees . 
  and i think it 's the same with turkey , not because they are under-developed , but because they already have too much refugees . 
  xd ... so three of them are our neighbours . 
  moravia sounds very close , too . 
  no , but `` we do n't take them , let someone else take them '' is a good example for nimby . 
  of course . 
  and while they do prove it ( or fail to prove it ) someone has to decide if the proof is good enough . 
  this takes some time , and during this time they have to stay somewhere . 
  i did n't invite anyone . 
  :-) maybe the article was misleading , but it sounded like `` we do n't want any refugees in our town . '', 
   also the government decided to ignore our laws , what message sends that to the normal people ? 
  which laws exactly ? 
  ah , thanks . 
  a part of them are economic migrants , but another part is n't . 
  they are fleeing from a full scale war or even are oppressed in their home country . 
  no , but getting refugee status if you are a refugee * is * a human right . 
  we have muslim citicen since ages , so i ca n't see the point . 
  austria even had them in the monarchy , and europe had them since centuries . 
  neither bosnia nor turkey are fascist countries . 
  of course it is . 
  at least our constitution says so . 
  i doubt that turkey is a safe country for refugees . 
  human rights grant you the right to get refugee status if you meet certain criteria . 
  so things like `` we do n't take any refugees '' is opposed to this right . 
   i dont know . 
  i would like to keep the `` i buy it , i own it , i do what i want with it '' approach . 
  '' ... and i do n't chare what happens to the refugees . '', 
  i 'm glad that merkel is pro refugee , but there are some first world countries like turkey who have much more refugees than germany . 
  apparently one of the 30 % fp\u00d6 voters . 
  i must live in another austria than you . 
  what 's v4 ? 
  because human rights are not something that should be overruled by popular vote .
