   germany brought it upon themselves . 
  how ? 
  well , you are allowed to live there , too . 
  their flagship issue is `` muslims are bad '' . 
  sounds very far right wing to me . 
  i ca n't understand why you got doenvoted . 
  you exactly got the point with your statement . 
  the majority is fleeing from them . 
  of course they have idiots themselves , but austria has them too . 
  violence just breaks out more easily if you have so many persons at one room . 
  why ? 
  do you know the fp\u00d6 ? 
   is there a way to get more `` right '' ? 
  yes , and fp\u00d6 members did it . 
  attend meetings who glorify the ss ( ulrichsbergtreffen ) , demand an animal brothel in the city park to stop muslims from raping children ( susanne winter , member of parliament ) , are strongly against homosexuality ( the whole party is ) , ... 
  and they failed everytime they were part of a government . 
  the birth rate is far too high ( worldwide ) and many europeans just do n't want to have own children . 
  besides that , the fp\u00d6 is against artificial insemination and therefore a fp\u00d6 government would lower the birth rate . 
  forgot a / s ? 
  yes it is . 
  but unfortunately nothing new . 
  i had to live under a national government lead by the fp\u00d6 and the \u00d6vp . 
  what 's your problem ? 
  no need to be insulting . 
  that 's what you get if you put too many persons in one place . 
  nothing special . 
  the persons there are not integrated yet , thry just arrived . 
  it 's not the 1st protest vote . 
  it think it 's very dangerous for them to copy the ideas of the fp\u00d6 because it will give the fp\u00d6 the satisfaction to be right . 
  and why vote for the apprentice if you can vote for the master ? 
  how will they become a majority ? 
  they are just a few percent in the eu . 
  what exactly do you mean ? 
  the refugees here are fleeing from such idiots . 
  i do n't think that much of them would attack someone for kissing his bf . 
  why - if they were born in france ? 
   france is n't a muslim country , wear that all you want in your country but not there . 
  you might be surprised , but there are french muslims too . 
  they wear all that they want in ** their ** country . 
  ah , that 's interesting . 
  the austrian constitutional court ruled that it violates the echr to ban lesbian couples from artificial insemination . 
  since germany has signed the echr too , maybe there 's hope . 
  there 's stepchild adoption , too . 
   to be fair the only reason it makes sense for country to give tax benefits to married people is to get them to settle down and get some kids . 
  ... which * is * possible for gay and lesbian couples too . 
   that 's kinda nonsensical when it comes to gay couples . 
  gay as in `` male and gay '' ? 
  they still have adoption or may bring a kid from earlier sexual encounters . 
  or do you include lesbians ? 
  they are able to get biological kids ( artificial insemination ) . 
   they simply should remove the tax benefits from marriage and tie them to having biological kids . 
  that 's how it 's done in austria ( which is your country , right ? 
  ) , so i do n't understand this :  at the moment it 's a massive financial disadvantage to get kids and if you do n't get any you kinda profit from the work of other people that decided to get kids as their kids are the ones who will later pay your pensions . 
  it 's still discriminating . 
  what about artificial insemination ? 
  do lesbian couples have the same rights as married heterosexual couples in germany now ? 
  ... and less rights in artificial reproduction / receiving donated sperms iirc . 
  ( at least in germany - in austria otoh we still do n't have same sex marriage but full adoption rights and lesbian couples are legally granted to use donated sperm . 
  both women will legally become parents . ), 
  even the government thinks that it 's better to break just some laws than to ignore them all . 
  good point :-), 
  are we re-inventing sippenhaft ? 
  if it 's so stupid you surely are able to explain * why * it 's stupid . 
  i cant 's see why . 
  not everyone at the beach wants to get a sun bath . 
  i do n't like sun baths either , so i wear a t-shirt and a cap or - even better - use a parasol ( or a tree ) . 
  if i go to the beach it 's because i want to swim or because i go with my friends , not because i want to take a sun bath . 
  there are still people alive who were born in the 30s or earlier . 
  of course , but why is `` muslims force women to wear certain clothes '' bad but `` france forces women to wear certain clothes '' is no problem at all ? 
  i ca n't see the logic in that . 
   and last time i checked you voted out so , you get the fuck out of my continent . 
  out of the eu , not out of the continent . 
  muslims are also normal here . 
  islam as an officially recognized religion goes back to the austrian-hungarian empire . 
  they can . 
  and they do . 
   is n't all of it the word of god ? 
  yes , but even religious officials consider it better to follow some of the rules than none of them . 
   and could it be that the culture is unwanted one ? 
  unwanted by a bunch of right wing bigots ? 
  i do n't want right wing people either , but we are a free country . 
   if there were christian patrols going to stores that are open on sunday telling them they need to close that 's exactly what the government is doing in countries like germany , austria , ... 
   or maybe women are held to different standard because of islamic doctrine . 
  it 's the same with western / christian culture . 
  topless men on the beach ? 
  it 's standard . 
  topless women ? 
  prohibited in many western countries . 
   i feel like the refugees , with the help of western supply , need to fight for their own country against whom ? 
  their own government ? 
  ( not everyone is running away from is . ), 
  and even if they run away from is : would you fight for your country if it 's ruled by a dictator ? 
  i would n't . 
  and even if someone attacked my country : i would n't fight , i would run . 
  i 'm not a trained soldier . 
  i even opted out of draft and did civilian service . 
   rather than europe accepting a high number of mass attacks claiming the lives of friends , family , and fellow countrymen as a price . 
  we 'd have mass attacks without refugees , too . 
  a lot of the attackers were born in the country where they did the attacks ( or in a neighbour eu country ) . 
  and , besides that : terrorist attacks are still much less dangerous than e.g.
