   just put yourself in the situation of someone living east of the former iron curtain : all countries in the west had working democracy , a functioning economy and a lot of freedom to choose their own destiny . 
  no , not all . 
  when greece joined the nato , they had neither a working democracy nor a lot of freedom . 
  i would n't call turkey a working democracy either , at least not in the 20th century . 
  portugal was even a founding member of the nato and was a dictature till the 70s . 
  so right . 
  eu members should leave nato , abandon their national armies and form a unified eu army . 
  not in the gdr . 
  actually it 's a non issue . 
  the law who sets the rules for the election ( nationalratswahlordnung ) says that you do n't need a paper of identification if you are known by the election commitee . 
   my brother has to travel through austria to get to his job in another city ( southern germany ) . 
  there are millions like him . 
  is he going through reutte ? 
  that 's one of the standard routes for germans who travel through austria . 
   germany < -  austria and germany < -  denmark ? 
  drive slowly while holding up your passports , watch a border guard sitting in their little shack struggling to keep awake . 
  it depends on the time of day . 
  if you have to go in the peak time you could wait for quite a time . 
  2 hours did n't happen that often , but it did . 
  30 minutes were nothing special and even an hour would n't be a surprise . 
  some commuters had to cross the austrian-german border four times a day , because they lived in tyrol and worked in e.g. 
  it 's not just about travelling . 
  some commuters have to cross a border every day . 
  it may take them 15 minutes now to get to work , but with border control it takes them 30 minutes , anhour or even more extra time . 
  that 's against the whole purpose of the eu . 
  that may be fun in a big country like spain , but e.g. 
  in austria we have to cross the german border twice if we want to go from tyrol or vorarlberg to most other parts of austria . 
  ( or take a huge indirection via bischofshofen / zell am see ) . 
  before austria joined schengen the border crossings at salzburg and kufstein were sources of big traffic jams . 
  many people drive this route twice a week , some even daily . 
  also many people live next to a border and work on the other side of the border , e.g. 
  germans in salzburg ( a ) , austrians in passau ( d ) , french in geneve ( ch ) , ... 
  they have seaports . 
  they have airports . 
  if you fly from iceland to austria there wo n't be any passport control ( by the police - the aircraft carrier may check your id ) . 
  if you check in online you wo n't have to show any id , too . 
  ( sometimes you have to fill in the number of your id in the online check in formula , but that would n't stop anyone to use the ticket of a friend ( who had to re-schedule their travel ) . ), 
   it seems to me like the cheaper the airline the stricter their document checks are . 
  of course . 
  they do n't want ticket re-selling which would be easy without id checks . 
  cheaper carriers seem to have a bigger problem with this , `` regular '' airlines do n't care that much . 
  true . 
  they just do n't want that you fly with the ticket of your friend . 
  other airlines just do n't care . 
  with lufthansa i probably could use the ticket of anyone and nobody would notice . 
  well , it 's the same between uk and ireland . 
  ... if you ignore scv ( but maybe that 's not `` western world '' :-) ) . 
   but practically only on german-austrian border and even there , it 's not full border control . 
  but it 's very annoying . 
  you have to change trains at salzburg station to go through german immigration . 
  it 's funny , because there are no controls at all if you go from austria to germany by plane . 
  we had the same in austria ( before the schengen enlargment ) . 
  you would n't get very far , though , because you had to cross two border stations ( exit station in austria and entry station in the neighbour country ) , so there was enough time to raise the alarm and stop you . 
  before the refugee crisis our borders were completely different from e.g. 
  the us-mexico border . 
   i see more customs and police customs ? 
  what are they doing there ? 
  search for drugs ? 
  yeah , we need another guantanamo bay . 
  that does n't mean it 's intelligent . 
  so we should shoot down every nato jet that violates our airspace ? 
  really ? 
  why is this `` confirmed as false '' ? 
  i ca n't see any proof . 
  the gallow is `` reserved for siegmar [ sic ! ], 
  \u201e the vermin `` gabriel '' or `` reserved for angela \u201e mutti `` merkel '' . 
  source ? 
   they have the same religion = the same values oh , so every christian can be blamed for anti lgbt activism ? 
  yes , there are elections tomorrow ( today , it 's after midnight ) at least in cologne , where reker runs as mayor . 
   there is a very big group of germans who are so extremly frustrated about the far-left mainstream . 
  far left mainstream ? 
  the last time i checked the cdu had over 40 % . 
   but living in germany right now and seeing what is going on ... it was bound to happen . 
  yes , because groups like pegida put tons of fuel in the fire and support violence . 
  speak for yourself . 
  which debate is forbidden ? 
   people try to solve problems by themselves by stabbing politicians ? 
  wtf ? 
  i do n't . 
  i 'm just saying that there 's no way that he 'll win , he 's just doing it ( or maybe only announcing it ) to be popular . 
  none . 
  it 's just populism . 
  what exactly do you mean ? 
  things like `` when do they play which games and what ip addresses do they have '' ? 
  i have a dual boot system . 
  windows is solely used for gaming , so there 's not that much harm if my data is moved to the usa . 
  ( not ideal , but much better than nothing . ), 
   you having windows or os x negates all of that . 
  there are alternatives . 
  ;-)  did you know an antivirus like kaspersky ( russian / fsb ) or norton ( american ) can read 100 % of everything you do ? 
  i do n't have any of their software installed . 
   sent from my american os where do you know ? 
   makes one wonder how facebook decides who 's european and who 's not . 
    based on the interface language setting ? 
  could be tricky since at least english , french , german , spanish , italian and portuguese are official languages outside of the eu , too . 
   based on ip address ? 
  sounds most reasonable . 
  try to find out where he came from . 
  it 's done and in some cases it works . 
  if you fail to find out : your problem .
