the polish government itself is the one driving you out of the eu . 
  probably a move funded by russia . 
  the terms that the finnish media uses are `` far-right groups '' , `` white supremacists '' , `` neo-nazis '' and `` ku klux klan '' . 
  yeah , it 's about the money . 
  christmas time is when the shops typically make their single biggest revenue during the year . 
  i once heard a story that the american host family of a finnish exchange student were very enthusiastic about showing her how escalators worked . 
  finland had it 's first escalators in 1926 . 
  ( you have to repeat this fast ), 
  i just knew she would be in here ... 
  if germany had won the first world war , we would had become a kingdom . 
  we had a crown and everything ready . 
  ah , the good old czechzenia . 
  there are plenty of italians and spaniards that could easily pass as scandinavians/nordics , when it comes to looks . 
  i believe this would be the equivalent ` russian ' hairstyle for women : https://i.cuteonly.com/photos/32/17/3b/nice-girl-anastasia-from-russia-918657-2-300.jpg, 
  i do . 
  in the korean peninsula , neighbouring south korea in the south ( duh ) , china and russia in the north , and japan in the east ( although nk does n't share a land border with japan ) . 
  finnish ( native language ) . 
  english , some swedish , a bit of german , the absolute bare bones basics of russian . 
  english is the only foreign language i am truly fluent with . 
  well , technically swedish is n't a ` foreign ' language to me ( the second official language here ) , but in practice it is for me . 
  some have said that most finnish small towns look like airports - flat , wide brick/concrete buildings and shitloads of asphalt . 
  the best korea !!! 1111 !!!!, 
  ok , joking aside , kim jong un is an utter cunt , as were his father and grandfather . 
  kim jong un should be skinned alive . 
  north koreans deserve so much better than the shit government that keeps the whole country imprisoned and ignorant . 
  it is a real lfe version of the airstrip one in george orwell 's `` 1984 '' , almost to the details . 
  trump is the worst president in the us history , hands down . 
  it 's not even a contest . 
  he is worse than warren g. harding , nixon and george w bush combined , and then some . 
  the trains that go to lapland and back also have sleeper carriages , because finland is about 1100 km long . 
  we have the microchip/pin thing too . 
  lately paying by touching the reader with the card has become more commonplace . 
  ooh that 's hot !, 
  i sometimes also talk to cashiers at the store , so i 'm much more social than you . 
  we stop and wait at traffic lights before crossing the street , even if there are no cars around anywhere . 
  ` golf war ' the iraqi team performance was kind of sub-par on that match . 
  tex. . . ? 
  yyeeeaahhh , we ... ummm ... we 'll discuss that later with you guys . 
  what heat wave ? 
  i tried swimming twice this summer , almost froze my balls off . 
  get your bingo cards ready , people ... 
  pitakebab is the shit , man . 
  they are racist idiots who get all their so called `` knowledge '' about european countries from far-right shit nozzles like breitbart , alex jones and stormfront . 
  so austria is basically the same in real life as in civ 5 . 
  this one caused quite a stir in the 1980 's : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikkeli_hostage_crisis, 
  also : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kyllikki_saari, 
  it was a small phenomenon maybe a year or two ago , but lately i have n't really seen it at the stores that much anymore . 
  i tasted it , was n't really anything i would write to home about . 
  `` attractive '' ummm ... sure , yeah . 
  yeah , pizza , pasta , and kebab . 
  boring , i know . 
  i would absolutely hate to send a postcard to that place . 
  if you 've ever read terry pratchett 's discworld books , these placenames would fit there perfectly . 
  i 've heard that this is because the native finns trolled hard the mostly swedish-speaking cartographers during the 17th and 18th centuries . 
  i could be wrong though . 
  you forgot karvahaara ( hairy crotch ), 
  i guess nordea , a bank . 
  there was a gallup in one of the tabloids and it was the most hated bank . 
  they are depicted as being douchey against the ordinary rabble . 
  never heard . 
  same here , unlimited ( no data caps ) mobile broadband , 19,90 $ / month . 
  i did a one-semester course on russian . 
  i kind of know the letters and can sort of read cyrillic street signs . 
  two weary , tired guys in the bookstore looking for a dictionary . 
  felt sorry for them . 
  an old afghan dude . 
  had a 30 minute conversation with him . 
  he just missed his homeland so bad . 
  he dazzled all the vopos with his light bulb jacket , so they did n't realize what was happening . 
  true story . 
  i think they are reserved for the most severe cases and patients and short-term intensive treatment . 
  the preferred way is the so called `` open care '' : patients continue to participate in society as they can , they get social benefits , medication and regular check-ups and possibly therapy . 
  yeas , it would be nice . 
  i 'm available , ladies !, 
  not a thing in finland . 
  beer is sold in convenience stores , stronger brews are exclusive to alko ( gubbermint shop ) . 
  tobacco and cigarettes are heavily regulated for health reasons - cigarettesare sold on convenience store check-outs , where you have this machine with numbers on it , you say your preferred cigarettebrand to the cashier , and she tells you the number , which you then press and the machine spits the package out . 
  dealing alcohol and tobacco forward to minors ( under 18 ) is against the law . 
  naturally they are also not allowed to buy alcohol , tobacco or porn . 
  several free channels , the main ones being public broadcasting channels . 
  yle1 ( public broadcasting : news , documentaries , foreign drama , serious programming , sports ) yle2 ( public broadcasting : lighter programming , children 's programs , news , concerts , lighter drama , domestic drama , , comedy , e-sports and sports , this channel airs game of thrones in finland ) yle teema & fem ( public broadcasting : profiled as a culture and swedish speaking channel ; classical music , art , history , movies etc. ), 
  yle channels have no commercials . 
  mtv3 ( the main commercial channel ; their own news , drama , foreign series , movies , the main morning show of the country , foreign cartoons for kids etc. ), 
  nelonen ( other main commercial channel , similar programming to mtv3 ) sub ( commercial channel ; side channel of mtv3 ; older series reruns etc. ), 
  tv5 ( smaller commercial channel ; series and reruns , movies ) liv ( a channel aimed at women ) jim ( side channel of nelonen , for binging older series several episodes in a row , reruns etc. ), 
  kutonen ( smaller commercial channel , similar to tv5 ) tlc ( a murican-owned women 's channel ) fox ( murican-owned , airs the walking dead the next day it airs in the u.s. , which is great ) ava ( yet another chick channel , i mean jesus christ ... ) hero ( small commercial channel , reruns mostly ) frii ( small commercial channel , i do n't really watch this one ) national geographic ( murican channel , documentaries etc. ), 
  these are the main free channels . 
  you can access a slew of other channels by chugging up money , such as the cmore and viasat channels which show sports , brand new movies and series . 
  like with ireland , our dedication to the un peacekeeping forces and being a mediator in many peace talks ( cue martti ahtisaari ) . 
  also , linus torvalds and the linux kernel . 
  nokia during the 1990 's and 2000 's . 
  heavy metal . 
  ( a rock band ) robin ( teen male heartthrob ) jenni vartiainen , anna puu , sanni ( female pop singers ) jvg , cheek , mikael gabriel , evelina ( rap groups/artists ), 
  but ... i do drink tap water . 
  sometimes i use `` mie '' instead of `` min\u00e4 '' ( i / me ) . 
  i also use some adjectives and substantives typical for these dialects . 
  most of the time i talk in the general colloquial mainstream finnish , though . 
  yes , there are regional dialects and they are alive and well . 
  in the last 15 years or so the dialects experienced a kind of resurgence , with poetry , books and dictionaries being published in various dialects . 
  they even published dialect issues of donald duck and asterix .
