my experience with the whole gay thing is that the whole thing is weird . 
  i 'd say that the most risky thing is to be near `` urban hooligans/criminals '' ( tresa , tarzanka , air-max ) and neo-nazis of course . 
  the others seem not to care even those you 'd expect they will . 
   so this nationalist organized he did n't organize anything , i think that 's the point why he is free . 
  he is an asshole by the way . 
   i just do n't see how any of that actually forces serbia to create yugoslavia instead of just expanding itself . 
  it does not , it is just that we have british rulers disguised as the serbs ruling over serbia . 
  there is no democracy here . 
  brits needed yugoslavia so that italians do n't conquer slovenia and croatia which they invaded . 
   but who knows , maybe something comes up in the meanwhile . 
  i doubt it , he had no military command or governing power in the politics . 
  the trial was a farce from the start . 
  [ time for chetnik songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptfeu4kghhw ), 
  he was 12 years there , if they really had the evidence they would have presented . 
  you make me laugh and puke at the same time . 
   by refusing a lawyer and wanting to represent himself he has ph. 
  d. , why the hell would he need a lawyer in a thing he already is experienced at , it took icty 5 years to let him defend himself . 
   by claiming he ca n't read the latin alphabet not his fault , icty is obliged to leave him the documentation on his main language  by claiming that he does n't understand anything that is n't 100 % pure ekavica not his fault , icty is obliged to leave him the documentation on his main language  by claiming that he does n't know how to use computers , so he had to have everything printed out ( in cyrillics ) and be given a typewriter well , maybe he really did n't and needed time to adapt . 
   by insulting the judges multiple times true but majority of his insults were in the first 5 years  by writing books insulting everyone he could ( sidenote : books reviewed positively and co-signed by vu\u010di\u0107 , current prime minister of serbia ) true , that was pure trolling of the court . 
   by holding political speeches and refusing to proceed in court political speeches are the legitimate way of defending oneself if he is in the court because of the politics  by refusing to present his defence there was no need for it , icty already discarded all witnesses against him as the fake ones . 
  it was already a time when he should have been a free man , there was never a need for a defence . 
  also i do n't get your point , presenting his defence he would have been even more in the prison . 
   by having to be dragged out of the courtroom by security multiple times a part of trolling . 
  `` mr. seselj you are a free man '' , `` but i like the court room , i wo n't accept any conditions you are giving me ''  by asking to have a judge replaced they need to offer him a freedom until the new judge gets experienced with the case , this is all icty fault  by threatening witnesses ( through writing books , giving out their names , and having criminals visit the witnesses and threaten to kill them ; serbia is yet to deliver three of \u0160e\u0161elj 's party members to the hague ) if they looked through haradinaj 's case ( over 40 witnesses threatened , 12 of them even committed suicide in the same week ) then they will definitely look through seselj 's publication of 3 witnesses . 
   by going on hunger strikes a legitimate way of fighting . 
  it was actually icty fault for obstructing his defense by not him defend himself . 
  you 'd probably like dss , srs and dveri more . 
  at that time tadic was fighting to get the 3rd term which is against the constitution , it was logical for sns to win . 
  the amount of money usa threw into the sns campaign made sns overshadow the amount ds invested , vucic 's and nikolic 's faces were literally everywhere . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4cpav9/hague_tribunal_finds_seselj_not_guilty_on_all/d1ke6cn ), 
   they did n't `` fight so hard to keep yugoslavia together '' when did we fought for yugoslavia ? 
  milosevic politics were `` skracena jugoslavija '' , basically if slovenes and croats were fine with creating kosovo then croatia and bosnia would be fine with having their own kosovo . 
  it is not whataboutism but the quotes are fake , he never said that , there is the original video . 
  seselj actually did n't say what is written in balkaninsight quotes , i posted the original video from where the citation is allegedly taken . 
  croatia became a nuclear force , they will attack serbia by throwing radioactive kalasnikovs they got from ukraine into danube . 
   `` i hate the croats so much that i would have liked to gouge their eyes out with a rusty spoon . '' [ here 's the video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5g8yifgqia ), 
   well , he was the boss of white eagles , was n't he ? 
  that 's actually vuk draskovic , seselj created with him the white eagles but soon departed after his disagreement with draskovic . 
  honestly seselj has almost nothing to do with it . 
   also , julius streicher was hanged in n\u00fcrnberg for hate propaganda . 
  the main reason here is that hate propaganda does n't exist as the crime in the icty . 
   also , dutch household are still to receive those 1000 euro 's a year he promised us before he was elected . 
  kinda strange , his last name is not dinkic , you sure he is not a clone ? 
  izetbegovic is just trying to help vucic appear more nationalistic and win the elections . 
  and at the same time izetbegovic wants to appear to bosniaks as someone who does something . 
  win-win for both and vucic is probably going to return the favour and help izetbegovic appear as a savior of bosniaks when he needs it . 
  one in two people in serbia owns a firearm . 
  i do n't see nothing bad in it . 
  there is a lot of suicides with using granate and bullet to the head but not much homicides . 
  homicides are usually bursts of rage by stabbing or beating someone to death . 
  for 6000 dollars a month ( minus plain tickets and place to stay ) it is worth it . 
  i work at trafika . 
  i worked in srbijagas and gazprom before that and had 15 times as much . 
  that 's actually what some people from here do , they go to usa ( alaska ) , uae , norway or russia ( sahalinsk ) and work till their visa runs out and then go back to serbia . 
  you live in belgrade , i do n't . 
  i do n't know , my wage is 100 euros a month in serbia . 
  i think that we are wrong in trying it for the faster transport of people ^ ( right now ) , it screams of failure like the supersonic airplane transport . 
  this is a technology that can shine in cargo transport in big countries without much waters like russia , usa or for using it as the new silk road between europe and china given the speed of deliveries and its cheapness . 
  the pipes would be much more compact 1 meter in diameter , and there would be much less need for special comfort decisions since we are transporting stuff which is not alive so even if something goes bad not much would happen to the merchandise if it can survive the vacuum . 
   hyperloop is the most stupid thing i have ever heard . 
  high speed trains are already too expensive and the time saving does not justify the increased cost it sounds good in theory , no air resistance makes the travel cheaper than by car/bus/etc . 
  and probably the fastest way of traveling long distances . 
  as you can guess the problem is actually putting it in practical use . 
  guys , it is actually us who are in the middle of the elections , not you !, 
  we will be the first to build the hyperloop , and fusion power plant , i believe in vucic !, 
  because the federation gave him the right to take the tanks out on the citizens , serbia could n't use them without the right . 
  that means that your good buddies slovenes , croats voted for milosevic to take the tanks out on the citizens of serbia . 
  in every serb there is a little milosevic waiting to come out !, 
  \\  opinion, 
   no i had n't heard heard anything , but it seems weird for the eu to come with these statements as bosnia is not a member . 
  it was the main theme of almost all eu and us politicians when it came to rs in the last 10 years . 
  strangely enough it is different these last days . 
   as far as i know the dayton accords specifically prohibits just that do n't you listen to the interviews from the eu politicians where they say that dayton is no more needed ? 
  do n't worry we accepted it far before radovan even got captured . 
  the thing is we wo n't give rs so west can bring whatever verdict they want , if they wo n't enforce it then it means pretty much nothing . 
  a stupid move . 
  do n't worry , we serbs do n't blame you about it , we even gave your soldiers a cake , candies and pat them on the back after we finished . 
  [ i really like this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg1l2qywtwq ), 
  here serbs and montenegrins from raska ( serbia ) who traded with isis fighters got 10 to 15 years in prison for smuggling guns into france and other eu countries . 
   we make up for most of the population but geographically serbs are the majority most places . 
  that 's the remnants of the ottoman times , serbs are highlanders while bosniaks are the city folks . 
   and most of them also want to break free from bosnia . 
  and bosniaks wanted to break away from yugoslavia ( serbia ) , it is a logical thing . 
   ive also read stories of serbs who dressed up as chetniks on the srebrenica day to celebrate , or who attacked bosnians for rebuilding a destroyed mosque in banja luka . 
  they are idiots  it looks to me like there is a reason why serbs get the blame . 
  the attacks may be a few people , but the ones who want to split are far more . 
  and its 100 % socially acceptable to tell all the new migrants who came to europe that they can leave if they dont like it , why cant we say the same to serbs ? 
  serbs lived in bosnia probably since the 6th century but even if not then for thousand of years at least and they are different than the serbian serbs . 
  they were always called bosanci along with other ethnic groups . 
   how they felt about the horrors that somehow spared them is the point . 
  they felt glad that they survived ? 
  your father fought over the ocean , the regular serb conscripts fought near the homes where their family members lived . 
   literally everything has to be about fighting . 
  you started 3 wars in the 90 's . 
  first against croatia , then bosnia , then kosovo . 
  thats all you want . 
  you dont want peace , you just want war and fighting and more hate for eachother . 
  you truly are unbelievable . 
  and you fucking wonder why you are hated ? 
  you and croatia are far worse ( it is just that you do n't see yourselves ) , croatia has next to no serbs in their country ( about 3 % ) , do n't have any rights and serbs are still the main theme in their medias and politics .
