fish and chips ( preferably eaten by the seaside with your family , and not having to avoid the rain ) . 
  it 's partly to do with ignorance and dislike of people who look different , but also excerbated by cultural and religious differences . 
  it 's unfortunate . 
  i think it 's probably better now than it was . 
  i think they should make an effort to tolerate us more too though . 
  it 's a fact that most muslims put islam as a loyalty before the uk , and it 's also a fact that muslim youths were fighting in radical islamist groups in the balkans when the british were bombing serbians to save muslims , which was long before the wars in afghanistan or iraq which suggests to me the problem is deeper than foreign policy . 
  well i guess i am interested in history and that is pretty interesting , but no i do n't have any fetish for communism . 
  i just have n't been to those countries as they 're further away i guess . 
  not what i meant at all . 
  i could have put slavic countries but not all of them are . 
  ( hungary , romania etc ), 
  yeah i was somewhat confused . 
  i imagined the garda\u00ed would obviously have more ira sympathisers in their ranks , however the ira also would have caused more trouble for the irish state i thought . 
  how is anything about being in the eu not selfish for any country ? 
  no country in the eu to lose out . 
  i 'm not disregarding facts , but claiming the uk is somehow different to other countries for seeking the best deal is nothing but bigotry ( ie what they all do ) . 
  obviously france did n't complain about the farming subsidies , for example , because it did benefit them . 
  tell me what country is in the eu out of charity ? 
  edit : typo downvotes = i do n't have a good argument against this but i am severely butthurt my country does n't have enough influence to get a good deal . 
  so if you cross from turkey to greece you are not a refugee ? 
  coz turkey is a safe country . 
  i have a question for people who know about the law . 
  does it make any difference to your refugee status if you pass through a safe country and do n't stop ? 
  so if a syrian goes through turkey and gets to greece , or an eritrean was in morocco for example , are they supposed to stop inthe first safe country ? 
  what i said is still true but whatever . 
  so there 's something wrong with wanting the best deal for yourself ? 
  since you quite clearly have a pretty anal dislike of the uk , judging from your recent post history , there must be reason eu leaders are implorying cameron to stay . 
  also if you think london not being in the eu does n't matter i 'm not sure what to say . 
  yeah i 'm from london . 
  do your worst prague in terms of overpriced , dirty and infested by pickpockets . 
  i 'd be very impressed if you beat us . 
  i have a whistle from there ljubljana which came from a festival they had in london about eastern europe when i was a little kid , so i always remember the name , but have no idea about what there is to see there . 
  tldr : this guy has a grudge against the uk . 
  also if you knew your history you 'd know the uk repeatedly tried to join the eec but were prevented from doing on two occasions by french president charles de gaulle , but of course , do n't allow facts to stand in the way of your tedious bigotry . 
  a brexit would be huge , especially as it could precipitate other countries like denmark and the netherlands leaving . 
  also cameron did n't win because he promisewd a referendum imo . 
  why do you think france is so much more important than the uk ? 
  for those not in the know of uk politics , johnson is a very calculating politician who is pro eu but deliberately cultuivates an image which appeals to right wing anti eu types . 
  i for one welcome europe 's new faroese overlords . 
  sorry for my ignorance , but which side are you saying the irish state colluded with ? 
  til sarah palin has a finnish alias . 
  my bad , thanks . 
  people dislike radical muslims morethan extremely conservative jews because they want everyone to be muslims , so it 's a direct threat . 
  i think fundamentalist muslims and jews ( and probably christians too ) treat women in a similar way , but the difference is that more muslims are trying to treat all women that way . 
  is n't it one of those places that english douchebro stag parties embarass themselves in ? 
  bulgaria has famous seaside resorts like sandy beach , and romania does n't ? 
  judaism is not a religion of prostelytism . 
  their group does n't try and become the status quo all over the world like christianity and islam have historically , and in many cases still do . 
  thomann ( a german site ) is usually cheaper and do n't quible about returns so i 'd check them out too . 
  why do they call themselves that ? 
  that 's not it . 
  i live near this , and these people , although they 're not integrated at all and are totally insular , cause absolutely no problem for people outside their group unlike other faiths which try and spread much more actively . 
  that 's why no one cares . 
  why did you post this in / r/europe ? 
  this is news from asia . 
  well perhaps i am wrong though . 
  even saying albanian nationalist terrorists or whatever , to make the link to their poltics not their ethnicity . 
  i think associating them with the actual militant group they are from is a better approach than their ethnicity to avoid confusion with the albanian army , when considering the photos with the flag . 
  i still think it 's morally dubious to make a post which you know many people will take false conclusions from , no matter how wrong anybody is . 
  maybe something like ` militants responsible for recent macedonia attack given military style funeral by kla ' would be better . 
  sorry it was a typo . 
  i 'm saying most people here are not from the balkans so it 's not very obvious that these guys are not the official albanian army . 
  i 'm sick of this . 
  do you really think not knowing about kumanovo makes someone ignorant ? 
  i do n't know nothing about those coutnries . 
  i 'm not an expert but i know more than the average in my country i think . 
  the bosnian serb army are still seen as heroes in srebrenica by their own words despite the genocide when interviewed in a doc i saw . 
  i could find more examples of murderers being seen as heroes ( note the pictures in this post are one ) but it would go on forever . 
  it 's obvious you are serbian . 
  you 're correct , but  95 % of western europeans would not know kumanovo is not in albania . 
  if op did n't want people to make false assumptions based on the fact that most people do n't really think about the balkans a lot , he would have made a clear title . 
  it would be okay if he was serbian but he pointed out more clearly this was in no way sanctioned by the albanian state . 
  do you really think that 's obvious to people from other countries which are not nearby ? 
  i 'm sorry but kumanovo is not a world famous city , if that is how we are supposed to know . 
  right . 
  i get that it is not in albania . 
  but it they have an albanian flag , and most of are not from the balkans , so if you were n't trying to make the albanian establishment look shitty , you would point that out , because it is not obvious to people from further away . 
  well okay , you 're welcome to think that . 
  i personally suspect he is a serbian nationalist who sees this as a good pr opportunity against albanian nationalism . 
  the fact you refuse to see how this is misleading for people not from the balkans shows your are not objective . 
  it 's not chauvinist . 
  it 's true . 
  most of europe does n't have extremist militant movements who have tried to ethnically cleanse each other in the last 20 years , who are still revered has heroes amongst their own people . 
  but kosovans , bosnians , serbs , albanians do . 
  it 's misleading through the lack of information , because most people from countries which are less knowledgeable about that region would n't know that . 
  you do n't have to lie to be misleading . 
  edit : so just imagine you had no idea about the troubles in northern ireland or the ira but you saw a picture of guys in army uniforms with irish flags , with a title calling it a military funeral , you 'd obviously think it was the irish army , and that 's how op is creating anti albanian propaganda directed at non balkans people . 
  most people are not from that region , so if they saw albanian flags + that title it would mean albanian army to them . 
  the second most upvoted comment is criticising albania for this , and that seems to be what op wanted and it 's not fair . 
  i 'd like to point out i support no side between kosovo / serbia / croatia / bosnia or any country / group from the balkans , and do n't necessarily support everything my government did there , but i still think the intention of this post is dishonest . 
  the second most upvoted comment is ` blasting ' albania for something which is nothing to do with their government , so it obviously was n't only me it suggested it was an albanian government funeral . 
  but yeah the fact you have no ability to see things from an objective point of view is common in that part of europe , and that 's why you have stuff this sort of shit . 
  yeah that 's what i 'm saying . 
  an ira funeral is not an irish army funeral with military honours . 
  this title , with the images makes it seem like an an army funeral sanctioned by the albanian government , and it 's not . 
  what a pathetic way of admitting you 're wrong . 
  that 's correct , but it 's still a misleading title . 
  the ira example is pretty apt . 
  the provisional ira had ` military ' funeral with the flag of the irish republic but were in no way affiliated with the armed forces or government of that country . 
  most people have no idea where kumanovo is and that guys with military uniform and albanian flags were not the offical albanian army , as you can see from the top comment on this thread .
