  if they saw an albanian flag and ` military honours ' they would assume it was an albanian military funeral and it was the the official albanian army . 
  you probably know this though , and are only saying this due to your personal political grudges . 
  because if a neo nazi from england got shot by the police while attacking black people or something i 'm sure some english fascists would see him as a hero and bring a union flag to his funeral but it still would n't be uk military honours . 
  i 'm not mixing anything up . 
  i understand they are people from kosovo who want a greater albania . 
  they have albanian flags and they serbian op is suggesting they are being buried with offical albanian military honours , which they are not . 
  as i suspected . 
  so this title is misleading bullshit with an agenda then . 
  are they being buried with actual military honours by the state of albania though ? 
  the pira used to bury members killed by the british army with ` military honours ' , so are we sure this is n't just their fellow paramilitaries doing this ? 
  we enjoy laughter too much . 
  it 's a bit concerning you seem to think domestic violence is the norm in redditors ' families . 
  woah guys , you 're not comitting thought crimes against the nysvenskar are you ? 
  it 's fascists like you that cause this extremism . 
  because reddit contains the awkward son of the family who is up in his room while the rest of the family watch it . 
  not everyone can get rich . 
  the people who do the less well paid jobs , which the rich people need , are being forced out . 
  these are people whose families have been there for generations . 
  it 's easy for to say that but the idea you can work full time and not afford rent in what was an affordable and working class neighbourhood about 15 years ago is extremely harsh . 
  foreign businessmen buy new flats as assets and do n't live in them , while i have friends who ca n't afford to move out , working full time on the minimum wage . 
  it 's actually # 24k . 
   that do n't want to be * educated * ftfy they want to be rich or they would n't be over here , cloning our credit cards , and making their kids beg . 
  because sweden made a big point of neutrality in the cold war . 
  swedes have it in their head they are really balanced , although in practice they work closely with nato since the end of the cold war . 
  interesting fact : sweden made an enormous amount of money selling arms to other non aligned countries , which are sometimes not exactly democratic , and they consistently rank as one of the highest weapons producers per capita . 
  they also tried to join the non aligned movement during the cold war . 
  the other nato countries like turkey , italy etc , got the parts with no fighting . 
  that 's why you only heard about the british and americans . 
  not all the country had a very active insurgency . 
  in england : tea curry ( voted out national dish , and depite the fact some variants were invented in england i think it counts ) a lot of english music we are really famous for like uk garage has roots in jamaican culture , and british artists like eric clapton and the rolling stones made the blues famous , even to white americans smoking cigarettes was adopted from our spanish allies in the peninsular war : before that it was only clay pipes coffee and chocolate for all of europe christmas trees come from germany and were adopted in the 1800s after queen victoria 's family had them due to german prince albert fish and chips was thought to be adoptedfrom jewish immigrants in the east end of london drinking wine was n't a thing in england until cheap flights to spain existed and normal people got a taste for wine over there , now our supermarkets are full of it, 
  is there no one else here that thinks , yes he probably is , but still is n't really happy for the tories to bring in overreaching thoughtcrimes anyway ? 
  just because they 're bad does n't mean he 's not awful too , and when we supported them , despite knowing there were radical elements it was n't so obvious the most prominent rebel groups would be so bad , but do n't let that stop being unbelievably smug i guess . 
  i guess some beatles or oasis song . 
  there 's only one one we do n't care . 
  it 's not unfair they only run in scotland . 
  that is n't what i said . 
  i 'm saying it 's unfair the system gives you a lot more seats per vote if you 're vote is concentrated regionally , like theirs . 
  edit : awful grammar . 
  edit 2 : forgot to answer your other point . 
  no that 's bs , since it relies on a much higher percentage of people voting for change but with a pr a change of a few percent would change the make up of parliament . 
  my seat has been labour for nearly 100 years ( since 1922 ) and definitely wo n't change so my vote is next to worthless . 
  familyis not from london but grew up mostly in north london . 
  irish , greek , cypriot , turkish , asian origin and black people tend to support arsenal with a few supporting man u. 
  white people divided between arsenal and spurs , with the odd west ham , leyton orient or chelsea . 
  younger children of immigrants often support chelsea , but chelsea had almost no fans where i lived before abramovich . 
  people whose family come from abroad do n't have a history of supporting a club so they tend to support the best team at the time they start watching . 
  it 's not disingenuous at all . 
  i 'm perfectly okay with devolved parliaments to vote on local stuff , but for votes of people in certain areas to count more in westminster just is n't fair . 
  your vote only counts in england too if you 're not in a safe seat , but obviously a scottish nationalist party 's vote is concentrated in scotland giving them an unfair boost and influence . 
   polish people do n't want to do them , either , and they have the same breed of bosses over there . 
  yes , exactly so they come do those jobs here for what to them is more money , depressing the wages , as i said . 
  as for the argument about taking the company abroad , i guess that is possible , but you could work around that with taxing them more to bring them back in or something . 
  i think they have automated as much as they can already . 
  i 'm sorry but there is no good reason we should subsidise farmers who do n't make a profit in rich countries like france . 
  if that is your idea of moral , than we do n't agree . 
  i ca n't see how poorer countries of the eu can realistically atain the same wages as us in the near future unless some incredible disaster happens to us , so i do n't see that as a goal that we want . 
  i would like a higher minimum wage , and hopefully we 'll see that after the election but that is n't the whole picture . 
  i 'm generally quite left wing and have nothing againt eastern europeans , but i suspect in some fields the minimum wage has become the maximum wage , due to like you said , people from countries with lower wages being able to come here , and making it into a buyer 's market . 
  there are businesses like vegetable sorting factories for example where 95 % of the workers are european immigrants . 
  those ` shitty ' jobs would still need doing if there was n't the free movement of labour . 
  it 's true british people do n't want to do them , but because of this , if we there were n't so many people from other countries willing to do them , surely the bosses would have to pay more ? 
  i do n't see any reason why the uk should give back their rebate . 
  you say it is benefiting from freedom of movement , and yes there are figures that say that immigrants from the eu contribute more than they take , but that does n't mean they do n't depress wages for poorer workers . 
  what 's the point of having a higher gdp if it only helps the the richest ? 
  it 's not , but it is ridiculous the dispropionate amount power a party gets from having a geographically concentrated vote due to ftfp , so it unfairly favours them compared to the greens or ukip . 
  not sure exactly what you mean . 
  doing good things does n't make the bad things in itself less bad , no . 
  like the good things the british did in india do n't make the amristar massacre something that 's okay , but obviously doing some bad things and some good things is better than only doing bad things . 
  i 'm saying if pointing out the good things of our history makes people 's perception of history more accurate because it 's so skewed into saying we only did bad things , then it 's not wrong , however glorifying the imperial past and ignoring the bad things is wrong too . 
  a brainwashed fascist view of your history is not good , but a version where we were just the villains is not accurate either . 
  well i guess technically yes , but in the case that apologising for something is giving it a more accurate view rather than sugarcoating the bad sides and giving a less accurate view , then it 's not a bad thing ? 
  i 'm not convinced we should only see the negatives of our history , because i do n't think that 's accurate . 
  i think we did bad and good things , and it 's not black and white . 
  i do n't think we want to leave the eu , but i think we have a lot more people who want to leave the eu , so that 's the reason out euroscepticism is so famous . 
  here in spain pretty much everyone seems to think the eu is good , but back home you could find many people to say the opposite even if they 're short of a majority . 
  also do n't forget that the uk was excluded from the eec for a long time by de gaul . 
  there 's also something about european integration that hurts the pride of right wing patriots in england . 
  for little englanders hitler / napoleon / the eu / the ussr all represented the same kind of existential threat to the differentness of our island . 
  the far left also dislike the eu because they see it as an organisation that helps businesses to screw over the little go with less regulation , although i imagine this is the same all over europe . 
  that 's not true except for africa . 
  the colonisation of africa was mostly after that . 
  the french and british had obviously already both gone to north america . 
  the dutch were already in the east indies by this time . 
  the portuguese too . 
  the portuguese , french and british had all already started colonising india . 
  but it was n't like spain was morally superior to these countries and decided empires were wrong . 
  they were still trying to colonise morocco in the 20th century like all these other european powers and equatorial guinea was n't independent till the 1960s . 
  yeah they have this idea that the english / british / americans / canadians wiped nearly every native in the parts they settled in but the spanish were okay because they bred with them . 
  this is n't really accurate . 
  far fewer natives lived in canada and the parts of the us which were british and also many more europeans and asians came to the usa . 
  in most of latin america there was n't a huge influx of poor immigrants , but only a colonal elite who were mostly males . 
  in countries like argentina where a lot of white people did immigrate , the natives also make a tiny percentage of the population . 
  ( i know you do n't believe this but in case someone who does believe this sees this ) . 
  i 'm in my 20s and that was always what we learnt at school , as far as i can remember . 
  so if my memory serves me correct , at least like 15 years , but i do n't know how much more than that . 
  that was n't in the actual link you put though . 
  maybe you should edit your first post to add that . 
  yeah i 'd never heard of that idea before living in spain . 
  i do n't think we did though . 
  we literally never learnt anything about the spanish empire at school and the only things about it in on tv were about columbus or the spanish armada .
