` the right thing ' for a government of a nation to do is to always represent the desires and needs of its people . 
  and they just did the opposite . 
  this spells a definitive end for poland 's current government if they really voted in favor of this . 
  most of the population will be furious . 
  these are the real villains of this entire crisis . 
  people that benefit off of others ' misery . 
  despicable . 
  we want them back mate . 
  it 's an objective of the current government since they came into power, 
  that 's their mentality for the good part of the last ~ 200 years . 
  they do n't seek coexistence , they seek dominance . 
  did berlin show solidarity when they signed nordstream i and ii ? 
  fuck off , honestly . 
  they have no right to tell us jack shit, 
  deleted for not fitting the one true vision of / r/europe  curbing discussion is a pretty fascist thing to do chaps, 
  exactly . 
  a person escaping war would stop escaping the moment they ... well , escaped the warzone . 
  the greeks ca n't catch a break on these maps, 
  it triggers everyone who wo n't stand for slander ... why single out nationalists ? 
  do you have an agenda ? 
  poles think everywhere is better than here . 
  too bad ul\u00e1szl\u00f3 of varna finished like he did , otherwise the poles , hungarians , czechs nad the lithuanians just might 've created an european superstate ;(, 
  who said anything about violence ? 
  fixing the situation will definitely take more than that . 
  how am i an enabler ? 
  please tell me . 
  you 're trying to tell me that sykes-picot never happened and that the u.s never meddled in the middle east ? 
  lmao ok mate even isis members themselves have pointed out many times how large of a motivation the sins of the colonial empires are for them . 
  the western world took every fucking thing away from the people of the middle east in the xix and xx century . 
  it 's too late to educate . 
  countries that made this mess should work on fixing it . 
  in comparison to giants of tourism that base their entire economy on it it still is n't that much, 
  not too many tourists in poland but the british are bound to fuck our nightclubs up and bother people while absolutely hammered . 
  i 'm not the guy you were talking with before , so again , what the fuck are you on about ? 
  the high horse the west sits on regarding world war two is pretty pathetic . 
  everything was child 's play compared to the eastern front . 
  france and the uk are hardly countries on the other side of the globe - after all , all the french had to do is cross their borders and they could 've taken the fight to the enemy . 
  but no , they did n't do that . 
  i wonder why ? 
  after all , the biggest experts in history revisionism are the victors , and guess who always wins and is the best in everything - the glorious us of a , saviors of humanity . 
  what the fuck are you on about the french literally did n't move an inch in ix 1939 , while in a state of war . 
  how the fuck was poland supposed to stand ground against two empires , while it 's continental allies did n't even move a finger ? 
  anyways , it was n't the west who saved europe from the big bad axis , it was the soviet union who bled themselves dry . 
  it sickens me when i see americans talking about ` sacrificing ' something in order to save others . 
  when was the last time the usa suffered infrastructural damage in an armed conflict ? 
  do n't you fucking lecture poles about what sacrifice and martyrdom is . 
  we 've lost more than you can imagine . 
  hopefully i 'm not late , but i have a question for the portuguese redditors on this sub . 
  how is salazar and the estado novo government seen in portugal nowadays ? 
  is the judgement positive or negative , or maybe it 's something in between ? 
  i feel much safer now, 
  the only question i have , is what will it take for this to stop ? 
  is extremism really the only answer to europe 's migrant problem ? 
  i hope not and i hope that a solution will be found quickly , otherwise we will observe regular citizens that decide to take matters into their own hands , and that will end with a europe-wide bloodshed . 
  when media support the right , it 's called propaganda . 
  when they support the left it 's unbiased journalism . 
  they wo n't pay taxes and they wo n't have to live under this insane government . 
  they lost their rights once they bailed out of poland . 
  apparently 75 % of poles in america have voted on pis . 
  why in the world are people that wo n't be influenced in any way by the government allowed to vote ? 
  we brought all these problems on ourselves . 
  perpetrating the rise of arab nationalism and going behind arabs ' backs at the same time all in the name of oil and some nice lines on a map . 
  imperialism truly is the worst thing to happen to humanity . 
  all of the western world 's current problems with islam come from the sykes-picot agreement and the us ' foreign policy in the post - world war 2 world . 
  the west royally fucked arabs for the past 100 years and is now surprised to see them burning our flags and wishing us death . 
  this has no other value than reminding many poles about having fifty years torn out of their lives . 
  no need to take everything at face value ... everyone knows they were n't the ` liberators ' but i found the personal accounts of individual soldiers very interesting . 
  from the frying pan and into the fire , for us easterners ... 
  something much more in-depth , but mostly limited to eastern front can be found [ here . 
  ] ( http://english.pobediteli.ru/ ), 
  poland does n't matter in europe 's struggle against extremist islamism ? 
  we have next to zero muslims here . 
  so does hungary . 
  the rest of the parties mentioned by you are nowhere close to gaining power . 
  for now . 
  we will see in the next elections . 
  definitely has n't otherwise the right would start having success in actually meaningful elections - not the euro parliament ones . 
  let 's just hope that we can manage to avoid having to put them into power to solve this shitshow . 
  i did n't * profess * though - you might have misread my comment or i might have expressed myself incorrectly . 
  an exchange of opinions is still an important part of human interaction , therefore your unwillingness to share yours saddens me deeply . 
  good day/night to you . 
  exactly why i said it 's too late for anything than the most extreme solutions which i 'm definitely against . 
  also , that 's not an answer to my question . 
  deportation . 
  what is your solution then ? 
  letting this continent drown in blood ? 
  great . 
  it 's kind of too late to fix this without extreme solutions , which is incredibly saddening . 
  we can only thank the regressive left for ignoring the warning signs . 
  these past few months wil bring massive political change to europe 's landscape - the shift to the right is inevitable , unless current leaders decide to grow some balls and start searching for a solution to islamism in europe . 
  good . 
  maybe there is hope for this continent yet . 
  i know this is probably not the place to ask , but would buying a fuckton of pounds now be a good idea ? 
  unless you live in sweden there is no point in learning swedish though ... ? 
  unless you want to showboat in front of your friends/family at your local ikea store . 
  true , the only sport that can adequately replace a bedtime story :p actually all north american sports make no sense . 
  40 to 60 minutes of play , three hours of commercials and play stoppages . 
  how could anyone enjoy this stuff ? 
  i hope you wo n't try to imply that handegg is better . 
  or even better , hockey .
