skin cancer rates rocket in ireland . 
  versailles derives a lot of its popularity from its bloody and brutal end . 
  if i was going to guess , i 'd say they 're a pain in the arse . 
  louis xiv 's daughter inherited his tastes . 
  i always saw it as equivalent to calling the uk as a whole ` england ' . 
  it 's fine , a lot of brits call your nation ` holland ' . 
  drag queens are n't exactly a new thing . 
   could care less are you sure you 're a european ? 
  i 'm getting amero-vibes . 
  the * only * people ? 
  and are people who disagree with you automatically stubborn now ? 
  the eu is not a country . 
  thank god . 
  german ? 
  northerners are poor and die young , southerners are effeminate and greedy . 
  the class system is all pervasive and inescapable . 
  look up any film star , tv personality , politician , author , comedian ... anyone high profile from the uk and you 'll see an independent education and a good university . 
  it 's disheartening , to say the least . 
  well , all of our female conservative politicians look like they were raised by a family of lemons , and the labour ones look like they should be on the governor 's board for a local primary school , so ... 
  yeah , those poor americans . 
  ` set free ' . 
  good lord . 
  he was from south london . 
  i can personally spot french people a mile off . 
  ` open-minded ' does n't mean he 's hosting some kind of gay pride parade . 
  why does he look like a rendering error ? 
  the * ideas * of the french revolution were progressive , maybe ... 
  also , i 've often witnessed overweight and eerily hairless german men wearing speedos and skinny eerily hairy german women taking their bikinis off like it 's nothing . 
  germans seem to get up at about 4 in the morning to claim the sun beds whenever i 've been on holiday . 
  when i was on holiday in egypt , there was an old russian men who was on holiday with three prostitutes . 
  and he had a hat with a giant fan on it . 
  we actually hate ourselves more than anyone else does . 
  it may not seem possible , but it is . 
  meh , mary ii was british , so they half did . 
  and you drink more tea than we do , which should be a source of national shame . 
  two taps in the kitchen is ideal , but having just one in the bathroom wins out . 
  with the spaniards ? 
  always . 
  hmm ... spain has a very young royal family ... well , prince harry 's only 28 , he can marry the infanta sof\u00eda , she 's practically an adult at 6 . 
  i would probably end up moving to another bustling metropolis - most likely paris , as i 'm a hopeless idealist . 
  i could n't move to any of the scandinavian countries or iceland because , as lovely as they probably are , i find it very hard to live in areas where there is a low population and i generally crave access to big cities . 
  i ca n't believe anyone who 's glanced at history for a moment has n't at least heard of austria-hungary ... 
  france is a republic , and the uk a monarchy . 
  i wonder how that might have worked . 
  there 's no such thing as a ` european tv show ' . 
  of course , you have to be a little bit careful in regards to the revolution ... a lot of very innocent people met very gory ends . 
  the principles on which the revolution was based are certainly admirable - how people attempted to enact them was certainly not . 
  there is a god save the king version ... that 's the original version , in fact !, 
  teabag first , then water , then milk , then remove teabag . 
  stir . 
  tea is ubiquitous and omnipresent , on all levels of society . 
  you'e a heathen and a fiend . 
  i do n't feel european , and i would never self identify as european unless someone asked me what continent i originated from ... 
  they seem to be very vocal on this issue . 
  do you think they are attempting to cement a young adult vote in it ? 
  that would be in the eu . 
  ukraine and belarus are much larger . 
  language , religion , demographic , government type , ethnic group ... 
  i do n't know many people who focus on european politics above their own national politics . 
  i do n't know many people who focus on european politics at all - but that just be my location . 
  but people will use ` europe ' a lot where it is n't needed . 
  for example , i saw a post where it said that an event occurred ` on a european terrace ' . 
  likewise , there are plenty of political commentators talking about the differences in opinion in ` europe ' as compared to america . 
  while there is variation in america regional culture , likewise is there in european regional culture . 
  the differences are much larger between european countries in general . 
  your patriotism is making me feel a tad nauseous . 
  i 'd like to hear what we can learn from the us that we do n't know already . 
  expensive healthcare ? 
  massive military ? 
  or are you talking about federalisation ? 
  i do n't think qatar being an absolute monarchy has much to do with now peaceful it is . 
  nor capital/corporal punishment , which i 'd imagine would possibly act as more of a deterrent for criminals than anything else . 
  it 's ok , they do n't need to snoop on us . 
  we probably just hand it over for free if they ask . 
  cute . 
  i do n't see myself , at any point , attempting to justify my country 's position against that of the united states . 
  however , since you seem extremely keen to perpetuate all the negative stereotypes associated with said nation , i 'll happily indulge you in telling you that you personify them all at this point . 
  you 're not helping yourself or your national stereotype here , are you ? 
  there are no riots in norway . 
  the only riots were in sweden , but i would n't expect an american to know the difference . 
  this is implying that cctv is ` bad ' or ` dystopian ' . 
  and britain is the dystopian orwellian hellhole according to americans because we have cctv . 
  which will make the pound sterling the strongest currency in europe . 
  good , good ...  , 
  tv shows , movies , the internet , even books are full of americanisms i do n't understand . 
  sometimes i feel like i 'm missing out . 
  is n't turkey la\u00efcit\u00e9 secular ? 
  why does it have an ` islamic government ' ? 
  they love computers - programming is taught in schools , i believe . 
  they 're eastern european but they 're almost nordic . 
  stuffy young adult american atheists love sweden almost as much as they love norway . 
  they 're very good at using green energy . 
  their country looks a bit like a dangly penis . 
  lots and lots of positive internet stereotypes - like people from norway and denmark swedish people embrace the positive internet circlejerk and perpetuate it a bit . 
  it 's very cold there . 
  they have a king who looks a bit like a goose and a queen who seems to have had a lot of plastic surgery . 
  hey !, 
  british tourists are n't fat , they 're just obnoxious and drunk !, 
  overweight german men with moustaches consistently wear speedos on holiday . 
  and their bodies are all eerily hairless .
