  obviously that means foreign intervention is * necessary * , even though nobody might like it . 
  it also follows logically that no matter how small or insignificant it seems , you always have to look for your own advantage , becase surely the other s will do so , too . 
  ( i.e. 
  you have to keep getting an ever higher advantage or soon you will find you have ever less . ), 
  europeans however generally do n't supscribe to that worldview at all . 
  we belive in cooperation and that the whole can be greater than the sum of its parts . 
  trade makes both sides richer . 
  helping others and giving up ( economic ) power in the short term garners goodwill and will result in advantages for all of us down the line . 
  potential enemies should n't be struck down before they become powerful enough to challenge us , they should be turned into friends for our common benefit . 
  we look at the us and think `` why could someone ever want to meddle all that much and be that paranoid ? '', 
  while americans look at us and think `` how could you ever be that care-free and apathetic ? '', 
  i have my own opinion on which of those worldviews is the correct one but more important is that these two vastly different perspectives exist and lead to strife . 
  ( e.g. 
  the lates war in iraq or the policy regarding iran 's nuclear program . ), 
  we are culturally * similar * but also very different in many subtle ways . 
  the most hilarious aspect is that he did n't say that back when it became evident that they tapped his successor 's phone . 
  only now that he himself is the victim does he deem to speak up . 
  what a douche . 
  well , `` poland '' literally means `` arse country '' in german . 
  the two of you just made my day !, 
  well , i trim my beard ... 
  itzehoe , just a cat 's leap north of hamburg, 
  we always eat dippehaas ( wild hare in red wine sauce ) with the usual assorted vegetables . 
  inflation has been the economic bogeyman for the last 90 years , probably due to the havoc wrecked by hyperinflation . 
  deflation would be just as bad or even worse but that 's a pretty complicated matter . 
  wiener wurst and potato salad is pretty common up north , because it can be prepared and takes almost no effort at all to heat on christmas eve . 
  it 's a holdover from back when women were supposed to do all the work in the household and would have been stressed enough already due to christmas . 
  yes . 
  other main battle tanks have n't massively increased in performance ( armor , main gun ... ) lately , so there was no reason to improve on what is the best tank for a ww2 style tank battle already . 
  the 2a7 upgrade could have been done years ago but i believe only a gulf state has bought that version yet . 
  how likely it is that any european nation will need to fight a classic tank battle in the foreseeable future is a completely different matter , though . 
  i used to live there but got out when the economy tanked . 
  i still know people there who tell me firsthand how it is `` on the ground '' . 
  the situation really is quite bad . 
  for a while you could watch stores and restaurants close on a daily basis . 
  which is n't surprising , as they were practically empty of any customers . 
  many people have returned to the countryside , as life there is cheaper and at least offers something more than hopelessness . 
  tourism is the only thing that keeps this country alive . 
  though due to the global recession tourists have become rarer as well . 
  i never experienced any hostility towards germans . 
  in fact , the greeks believe that germans look down on them and condemn them for the crimes of the fat cat bankers . 
  the troika is in control and ordinary people feel that their democratic rights are being ignored . 
  a general hostility is very present , though . 
  extremists are murdering each other in the streets of athens . 
  riots are even more frequent and much more violent than they used to be . 
  frankly , i do n't recommend going there right now , at least not in a non-tourist fashion . 
  not because of safety concerns but just because urban greece ( at least athens ) just is n't a nice place to live at the moment . 
  the country is incredibly poor , think 90ies eastern europe . 
  almost unimaginable for germans . 
  i fear it will stay that way for as long as austerity is in effect . 
   it was a work day , like monday or something . 
  i as a tourist take a walk around the town . 
  and everyone just stands there . 
  the caffes are full on max one table over another . 
  and they just stand there with smiles on their faces discussing stuff with a big bottle of ouzo in the middle of the table . 
  and they just chill . 
  and it was like last year so they were in crisis . 
  * ti na kanume ; * ( `` what else are we supposed to do ? '', 
  - a greek proverb . ), 
  one of the first things i was told when i moved to greece was `` you have to learn how to waste your time in a sensible way . '', 
  sonetimes - actually pretty often in greece , especially when bureaucracy is involved - you just ca n't make something happen quicker . 
  when there is nothing you can do , it just does n't make sense to stress yourself even further . 
  the problem with the sewers is that in many places you just do n't have * any * sewers at all . 
  as in * there is only a big tank underneath the building and sewage gets collected by truck on a regular basis . 
  * toilet paper is one of those things that can get problematic with such a system . 
  though i never did actually not flush my toilet paper , because i 'm too arrogant to care and we used to life in one of the richer areas of athens . 
  ( and thus did have sewers . ), 
  iraq or syria would be better examples . 
  i can state with 100 % certainty that the eu deploying german soldiers or forcing germany to pay for these adventures would have ended any interest in further european integration in this country . 
  not fucking possible . 
  we only still have an army of the size it is right now because we signed a treaty during the cold war that necessitates it . 
  ( and even then we are building less `` oceangoing escorts '' than we are required to . ), 
  and this , ladies and gentlemen , is why the entire world hates the us . 
  the justice system is n't the same as the civil law system , though . 
  while illegaly obtained evidence is admissable , fraudulent behavior * always * immediately destroys your legal basis . 
  they * tricked * people into viewing their videos !, 
  even though they are right in saying that their rights have been damaged , they still have no chance of getting through court . 
  ( if it can be shown that they acted with fraudulent intent , which looks like what 's happening . ), 
  thing is , i do n't believe that von der leyen has that much political capital left . 
  over the years , merkel has been very quick to drop like a hot potato each and everyone who either got even remotely powerful/popular enough to challenge her or who got public opinion turn against them . 
  von der leyen has proven herself as being a good politican and definitely has her value , as she brings in the * family values * portion of the conservative voters . 
  but that comes at the price of being incredibly polarizing , just as many people really hate her . 
  the minister of defense is a prestigious job but it 's also an inconsequential one . 
  here von der leyen can use her talent at ~ ~ bullshitting ~ ~ giving speeches without merkel having to be wary of her dreaming up more inflammatory policies . 
  it 's a win-win for merkel . 
   we get a female minister of defence for the first time . 
  before anyone thinks that this is a win for feminism : no , the defence ministry is where politician 's careers go to die . 
  especially now , at a time whith additional budget cuts looming and the whole `` we spend over a billion euros on a drone that we ca n't operate in our airspace '' mess . 
  if anything , this means that ursula von der layen is on the way out . 
  they also thought that sending tens of thousands of people emails to people instead of going the proper legal route ( hint : by letter ) would result in anything other than failure . 
  so yeah , there is that . 
  so , what does it mean ? 
  without speaking any russian , it seems like aroung half of the country want eu membership and a dwindeling number want something that has to do with russia . 
  is that correct ? 
  well , did n't the japanese defeat the russians in 1905 ? 
  that 's only 108 years !, 
  plus what is their for europeans to fear ? 
  has bigger budget problems than we have , has bigger economic problems than the economic heart of europe and her military hardware is for the most part obsolete . 
  * china ? 
  has no conflicting interest with us ( since we are so far away ) and they like us as business partners and consumers .
