  sure but why then enact a racist law that punishes ethnic russians , who really were n't to blame for any of that at all ? 
  and for legal reasons . 
  a european military would make sense . 
  yet i 'm strictly against it . 
  why ? 
  because i do n't trust our politicians to not send it on senseless foreign adventures . 
  you can see the shit france is pulling in africa or britain in iraq . 
  still , we can cooperate on development and procurement of materiell . 
  more integration/economies of scale : yes . 
  centralised command structure : * hell no . 
  * the crimea crisis is actually a good example of how forcing a stand-off reduces your options . 
  heavy-handed us foreign policy achieved absolutely nothing other than making it impossible for putin to give in . 
  even a nato that were as powerful ( it terms of weapons it can deploy ) as it was at the height of the cold war would n't have achieved anything , in fact we would n't even have dared to interfere openly at all for fear of triggering ww3 . 
  just look at afghanistan . 
  or at the soviet official non-interference in korea and vietnam for that matter . 
   ultranationalism real life is n't call of duty . 
  do n't take your political terms from a game . 
  but are n't both options better than nothing ? 
  at least having more autonomy seems to be a viable alternative to seccession , while just going back to status quo ante is n't . 
  maybe because it 's sensationalist bullshit ? 
  that would n't be that bad for the other european economies . 
  the german currency would rise in value against the euro , destroying germany 's current systemic advantage . 
  it 's an incredibly stupid idea for a german party , though . 
  as if it was n't that way since 2003 . 
  the * illegal * invasion of iraq proved beyond the shadow of a doubt that you need nuclear weapons to be safe * from the west * . 
  you really think russia needs our weapons ? 
   ultranationalists real life is n't call of duty . 
  this . 
  it 's even enshrined in the fucking un charter that all sides signed . 
  and there is lots of precedent , e.g. 
  many disputed regions in europe had the opportunity to decide whether they wanted to be part of germany or the neighboring country . 
  ( i.e. 
  france , denmark ... ) we ca n't very well deny the crimeans the right to decide their own fate , when we accepted the entirety of ukraine doing the same two decades ago . 
  not only would that be hypocritical , it would also simply be * wrong * . 
  i mean , right now we are also watching scotland being in the process of possibly getting their independence . 
  we would first have to intervene there before we have any right to intervene in ukraine . 
  what , the scots are n't the designated enemy whom we have to oppose at every step ? 
  huh . 
  maybe we should stop with the cold war mentality . 
  you can get electric versions of european luxury sedans , just like the model s . they cost several 10k more than a comparable luxury sedan , just like the model s. it 's just that not many people but them , because the price difference is just too obvious . 
  also , there is less hype about them than what is surrounding tesla . 
  no , well-off americans did n't . 
  the financial crisis wiped out middle and lower class savings but rich people got richer . 
  ( on average , of course . ), 
  cheap credit has led to a massive stock market bubble that is expected to burst and deflate to 50 % of its current volume . 
  that is completely different to the european crisis , which is still going on . 
  i 'm not saying that nobody in yurop can afford teslas but there is much less of a well-off upper middle class over here and it 's under considerable financial pressure and uncertainty . 
  it 's actually pretty simple : 1 . 
  tchernobyl goes * kaboom * and a deadly poisonous/radiactive cloud covers most of continental yurop 2 . 
  cold war heats up due to reagan 's idiocy and the threat of nuclear annihilation becomes a very concrete possibility in the minds of many germans ( 1 ) + ( 2 ) =  anything nuclear is * bad * . 
  this happened during the late 80 ` ies and since then nothing has changed in the public 's mind . 
  that corruption and criminal neglicence has been revealed to be systemic in the ( german ) nuclear industry * and * oversight organisations has n't helped it , either . 
  nuclear power is a * joke * in germany . 
  they ca n't even recruit enough nuclear engineers , becuase so few people even want to study it . 
  i 'm not saying anything regarding what i believe to be the right choice . 
  but the fact of the matter is that nuclear power is a complete * no-go * in my country . 
  coal ( and natural gas ) is a stop-gap solution until renewables can pick up the slack . 
  ( and fusion once it 's finally here ... sometime . 
  20 years . 
  maybe 50 . we hope . ), 
  it 's not seen as a viable long-term solution but it is widely seen as less bad than nuclear . 
  coal is cheap , too . 
  with the difference being that in the us they do n't actually mean the same style but a style loosely styled after the european style . 
  here in yurop you can literally put '' [ location ] style '' on your product and that 's enough to be able to produce it anywhere else . 
  but it has to actually conform to the style and not just be an approximation . 
  it 's not really an `` issue '' in germany either . 
  there has been a broad consensus against nuclear power plants since 1986 . 
  nuclear power is dead in germany , the political conflict is just about whether the npps are shut of immediately or phased out until 2020 . 
  this crises has no chance of changing that . 
  it might push the country even stronger towards renewables , though . 
  i 'm sure many people here have lost track of wtf is actually going on . 
  this is a great summary and it gives context to what is happening . 
  btw these videos are mostly aimed at american teenagers and young adults . 
  they are trying to be fair and to not let their biases overshadow the facts . 
  do n't expect deep criticism , that 's not the point of the series . 
  the also have several series of `` crash course '' videos on e.g. 
  history and chemistry in a similar fashion * and they are awesome * . 
  athens is actually a funny situation when it comes to road accidents . 
  the city itself is so congested and most streets so small that fatal accidents are relatively rare . 
  yet the attica ( area surrounding athens ) is one of the worst areas in europe . 
  the explanation i have heard is that once they are out of the city , drivers will drive at speeds that are way past what their ability or their cars can handle safely . 
  most deaths on the road are due to those idiots * anywhere * . 
  yes but poland ca n't actually do shit about the situation . 
  they are just using the situation to make grand gestures , while the grown ups do the diplomatic deals . 
  well , that 's infinite % more than other countries ... 
  it was in china 's interest to keep the entirety of korea under their influence , as it is in russia 's interest now to keep the entirety of ukraine under their influence . 
  ( the elected government is pro-russia . ), 
  a strong pro-russian minority will keep putin in play during future ukrainian accession talks , however unlikely they are . 
  the big difference between korea and ukraine is that china had to react to what they saw as an existential threat from mostly us forces right at their boarder . 
  however what happened now is that crimea tried to start civil war , which could easily have been what brings nato into the picture in the first place . 
  the russian forces stop that from happening and they strengthen the position of the ukrainian government against the opposition . 
  their existence alone is pushing the opposition leaders towards accepting a solution that all sides could live with . 
  it seems the ukrainian opposition was hoping for western intervention but that 's very unlikely now . 
  why would russia want to subjugate them ? 
  how is this obvious , when an entire ( sub ) continent disagrees ? 
  what 's the worst that could realistically happen ? 
  russia agreeing to pulling their troops out and ukraine going back to status quo ante . 
  what 's some of the things putin might get in return ? 
  concessions regarding syria or crimea , maybe some economic treaties that favour russia . 
  and it would show everyone that russia is firmly back on the world stage as one of the major powers .
