  americans seem to believe that this is the only way to be safe . 
  from that point of view it is logical for americans to ask europeans to `` pick up some slack '' . 
  the us military budget is getting thinner , the us navy is almost at a point where they can not guarantee total global hegemony anymore . 
  but i disagree with this point of view and it seems many europeans disagree , too . 
  hence we do n't spend nearly as much on power projecting capabilities . 
  it seems unlikely we will change our spending habits . 
   seriously , reddit has a huge population or either retards or kids ( or both ) . 
  yes . 
  the war of 1871 was a complete disaster as well , and the entirety of ww1 ( well , other than 1918 ) was a series of extremely close calls . 
  michael mittermeier toured some commonwealth countries , too : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hespk6sjsu, 
  did n't he singlehandedly bring down the wall ? 
  if they were n't words , how could i read and understand them ? 
  simple : loan-words are subject to the same grammatical rules as any other word . 
  so you just take the best-fitting german word 's gender and use that . 
  `` port '' is * der hafen * in german , so it 's * der port * . 
  `` blog '' is short for `` web-logbook '' and thus should get the gender of `` book '' . 
  it only gets problematic with things like nutella , because you can argue for several different translations . 
  there is no general rule for that , you just argue endlessly whenever someone chose a different gender than you . 
  ftfy, 
  try squirrel-tail : ekattenstern ( oak-cat-behind ) in northern germany or oachkatzlschwoaf ( oak-cat-trail ) in southern germany . 
  not even germans can pronounce the respective other word . 
  basically , use a hyphen for clarity when you are inventing a new combination . 
  established combinations are written without the hyphens , unless you are using it for effect . 
  ( e.g. 
  when enumerating different options for part of a word . ), 
  not even `` fundy '' catholics take them seriously , though . 
  i know the original names and found it quite funny . 
  good job !, 
  prepares for what , exactly ? 
  these are just ridiculous gestures that cost the taxpayer 's money . 
  if they were serious , they would n't send such meager numbers . 
  but they do , because it 's just an empty gesture . 
  the eu is n't democratic according to what most people understand as democratic , i.e. 
  the people having a say in what gets decided . 
  the executive branch is n't even elected at all and the elections for the parliament ( which has almost no power anyway ) discriminate against people for the crime of living in a larger country . 
  i 'm a big fan of the european idea but nobody can deny that the eu in its current incarnation is basically as democratic as russia . 
  yep , being close to the equator makes everything much easier . 
  also , you would ideally want lots of open water to the east of your launch location , in case something bad happens . 
  ( which is why the new italian launch complex for vega rockets is on the eastern coast of sicily . ), 
  and it does n't hurt at all to not launch in the middle of a densely populated area , which kind of rules out most of europe . 
  if they were taking the alliance seriously , they would say `` ukraine is n't part of the alliance and the ukrainian crisis has no impact on us '' and be done with it . 
  instead we get some politicians from some countries in the alliance trying to look tough by rattling sabers in the safety that it will never lead to any actual action anyway . 
  yes but what 's important is that he had been told that cdu/csu and spd had the same percentage of votes . 
  by the time they went on air the count had changed and now clearly showed a cdu/csu victory but nobody had told him . 
  he did n't actually know the latest results and genuinely believed he had won that election . 
  thing is , i agree with that completely . 
  it 's just that i do n't see any possible way through which perpetuating the crisis will lead to a better outcome for anyone involved . 
  attacking russia in any meaningful way other than a preemptive massive gulf war style invasion will hurt us enormously . 
  ( `` us '' referring to the entire alliance of course , the us and germany will probably not hurt that much . ), 
  obviously that would mean ww3 and possibly global thermonuclear war . 
  unfortunately it looks like we are going to continue hurting the russian people , while putin continues to not give a fuck . 
  just like with iran or north korea , our politicians will make speeches but ultimately the political will does n't exist to go to drastic measures . 
  ( if that 's good or bad is outside the scope of this post . ), 
  you do realize that completely devastating the russian economy will guarantee a war ? 
  how many of those startups will survive to profitability , though ? 
  not dissing berlin but i would put my money on `` old tech '' industry with good fundamentals . 
  it 's blatantly partisan and will often misrepresent the fact while simultaneously claiming to be a paragon of investigative journalism . 
  they frequently break scandals that turn out to be hogwash long after the damage has been done . 
  almost their entire reporting on ukraine/crimea was shit on the same level as that foreignpolicy blog . 
  my simple observation is : if it 's in the spiegel - especially when it 's on the front cover - it 's unlikely to turn out true . 
  spiegelonline is different . 
  the two staffs are separate , as is editorial oversight . 
  only very few article make it across that barrier . 
  this resulted in spon being noticeably better , sometimes they even write the complete opposite of what gets printed . 
   talks about objectivity  links to spiegel oo, 
  but where would we go for great wine and hot bitc - err beaches ? 
  yes , a good replacement for sharepoint , office365 etc. 
  is sorely lacking in the foss space . 
  all `` open '' alternatives have glaring issues that make it impossible to base your daily business work on them . 
  also , when it comes to professional software ( e.g. 
  cad tools ) most of that is limited to windows as well . 
  microsoft 's main customer base are businesses , the main business model is selling business software to businesses . 
  and they are doing a really fucking good job . 
  it 's not that they have the best product in a given niche but they simply have products in almost every niche and it all fits together in a nice , dependable ecosystem . 
  i 've run different linux distros over the years , on my own servers , on the servers i administrated , on laptops and on my main desktop . 
  debian is a great server os and i would gladly recommend it for anyone who wants to set up any kind of server ... 
  but windows 7 is just that much better for a desktop/work pc and i 'm really happy with my choice to replace my thinkpad ( with debian on it ) with a macbook . 
  i 've been a foss fanatic for more than a decade now but the sad truth is that there are fast application domains where no one has bothered to write a competitive foss product . 
  and i do n't mean just features , program stability or update cycles . 
  most foss tools simply lack in ease-of-use , i.e. 
  it 's often incredibly difficult to get them/get them to run the way you want them to and using them is often a gigantic pain in the arse . 
  eclipse : it 's actually full of interesting concepts and really intelligent ideas under the hood . 
  in fact it 's used in my uni 's software technology course as an example how you should structure your framework . 
  but it also sucks as a piece of software that you have to use , its non-community-developed competitors have left it behind in the dust years ago and continue to widen the gap . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  it 's just frustrating to constantly get told to use linux/foss by people who know nothing about the professional world . 
  when you build a house in germany , you have to install some form of renewable energy scheme . 
  these include solar ( common ) , wind ( uncommon for family homes ) or thermal ( more or less common depending on region ) amongst others . 
  solar has had an immense price-drop lately and even cheaper/more efficient technologies are on the horizon . 
  it is a mainstay of german homeowner energy production and is here to stay . 
  you do realise that siemens would be involved in any npp construction project in germany ? 
  yeah , that ends that argument right there . 
  you can even watch siemens fuck up an npp construction in finland * right now * . 
  it 's so bad , the eastern european construction workers at the site have alerted the authorities about badly it is being managed . 
  at this point i trust the french to not fuck it up . 
  ( they do however quite regularly decide to fuck up african countries that have uranium deposits . ), 
   while france has about ten nuclear plants deployed on her borders . 
  this is actually just a myth . 
  the french npps are distributed fairly evenly throughout france . 
  you can just boot the still existing ones up within a couple of days , though .
