  * america ? 
  is our close ally , we agree on almost anything and mostly have the same interests . 
  this leaves only second-rate powers like iran , india or brazil . 
  the current military structure of european nations is good enough to deal with them , even though an armed conflict is incredibly unlikely . 
  yes , this is the crux of the matter . 
  the eu is not the usa and it remains to be seen whether there will ever be the necessary level integration to make member state 's populations and politicians likely to accept a common military . 
  yeah , i can understand that on an emotional level . 
  i guess at least it means less suffering . 
  it must really be tough for the doctors who do the deed . 
   both male names here in germany , storms ( and high/low pressure zones in general ) switch gender every year . 
  this year bad weather is male , next year bad weather will be female . 
   not a related subject , but the law prohibing prostitution did pass the first chamber . 
  it should pass the second later . 
  surely this will be good for fuel stations in the german-french border region . 
  or will the prostitutes simply `` move '' to germany and then claim to work under german law in france ? 
  because afaik you can do that in the eu . 
   bit stumped about this one , our minister of health gave an ok for gays to give blood . 
  how the **** was that still not ok it is 2013 not 1950 . 
  due to the aids epidemic , which was much more devestating in the gay community than in the general population , many people have ( mostly blown out of proportion ) fears of gay people having aids . 
  at least that 's the case here in germany . 
  gay people are one of a number of `` risk groups '' that have a statistically signifact risk of their blood being infected with something even without their knowledge . 
  testing every donation for every possible thing is n't cost effective . 
  over here , `` risk groups '' may donate blood but that blood can only be used for research or for cosmetics . 
  does n't make it right , though , since by now everyone knows to use a condom . 
  and because an undemocratic party would be easy to ban . 
  they claim to merely have a `` national '' ( i.e. 
  nationalistic ) ideology and pay lip service to the `` liberalistic-democratic basic order '' of the federal republic . 
  as someone from northern germany : yes , it 's as bad as you imagine . 
  but the swiss are worse . 
  seriously . 
  mark twain, 
  the joke , that 's it . 
   i ca n't comprehend why political leaders and the administration ( local , + police ) are n't putting in the effort to address this . 
  because it does n't threaten them . 
  they are quick to act against ( percieved ) left wing violence , because it is typically aimed at the state , its leaders , and its servants . 
  right wing violence only affects * undesirables * . 
  i thought they were going to do it at manchester as well ... 
  though it might be that they just have n't done it yet . 
  yes , this is being done at several airports in western europe . 
  one problem with a left coalition is that there is very little trust between spd and linke . 
  such a government would always have to worry about members of parliament breaking ranks on any number of issues . 
  that 's the core issue . 
  he has done nothing . 
  he proposes to do nothing significant . 
  he is just * there * . 
  he inherited the top post in the spd by being the guy least hated by either wing of the party . 
  because they are afraid of growing too quickly and wasting money . 
  they try to estimate a couple of years in advance how much demand there will be for launches and then produce the appropriate number of rockets in the most efficient way . 
  this probably is sound business management , but it has led to a situation where they ca n't take advantage of spacex 's failures and steal customers . 
  gm also lie about their emissions , but their ` defeat device ' uses a legal loophole to do what vw did illegally . 
  it costs more and comes in a nicer package . 
  i agree , though that 's a big `` just '' . 
  saxony-anhaltians are right next to lower saxony , were many of them end up . 
  brandenburgians go to berlin or saxony . 
  meckpomsers go to berlin or the greater hamburg metropolitan area . 
  ( which includes the westernmost parts of meckpom . ), 
  why should anyone go * to * these places that everyone who can leaves asap ? 
  you get less pay and fewer employment opportunities , guaranteed . 
  schools are worse . 
  most cities are incredibly ugly and full of abandoned buildings . 
  saxony managed to do the right thing and focus on attracting businesses , which has led to dresden being the fastest growing cluster of silicon/software development/it in the country . 
  the automotive industry has a very big presence in the state as well . 
  what can the other eastern states do now that they have falled behind ? 
  i do n't know how to solve this . 
  germany has two ways to remove a license : a ) by the driver racking up so many traffic violations that it 's triggered automatically or b ) by the driver exhibiting behavior/mental instability/physical inability that makes them clearly unfit to drive . 
  a judge ca n't just revoke or suspend a drivers license as punishment . 
  the proposed law change would give judges this power . 
  yes , it does . 
  tbh my first thought was this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtwq1_9vh68, 
   the bundeswehr 's new cyber and information space ( cir ) command [ ... ] will start off with 260 it specialists but grow to 13,500 military and civilian personnel by july . 
  not with what they are paying , it wo n't . 
  they are classifying the `` it specialists '' as technicians . 
  which is understandable from an organizational point of view , but results in the pay grade being around half to two thirds of what similarly educated people will earn on the free market . 
  and as it turns out , lots of young it professionals do n't particularly aspire to being soldiers or civil servants . 
  especially when there is a federal agency for information security already that quite clearly insisted on not developing offensive capabilities themselves . 
  arte , phoenix and 3sat the reasons why we have n't formed an angry mob and burned down the gez , yet . 
  the law is currently years in advance of what the technology is capable of in real life . 
  i have little fear that german politicians are going to stand in the way of the country 's leading industry 's tech once it 's mature . 
  this just is n't true in the company i work for . 
  many of my collegues know no - or very little - german when they get hired . 
  it does n't matter on the professional level , just on the interpersonal one . 
  and even then the native german speakers are ready to chat in german without hesitation . 
  we are a big player in the automotive industry btw . 
  germans tend to speak english more or less fluently , so it 's not really that much of a problem in most cases . 
  in the engineering firm i work for we just switch to english when necessary . 
  some of the older people do n't speak english all that well , though to be frank their german is n't that intelligable either sometimes ... 
   we also sung this : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8fjywbcv_8e i had completely forgotten this exists . 
   ( maybe the secdef has to agree , but i do not know up to what point he can refuse ) . 
  he only has the power to affirm that the order has come from the actual president . 
  there is no legal scope for choice on his part . 
  the eu anthem is about friendship also . 
   and by the way , if `` hahn '' means cock ( male of hen ) and trut-huhn ends in `` huhn '' - is n't there a connection ? 
  yes , there is . 
  i do n't know what crazy kind of german you speak , but `` schnuddel '' pretty much means `` schlong '' where i come from . 
  i actually went to youtube and checked . 
  i hoped no one had noticed before i corrected myself , but obviously you did . 
  yep , he is the head of state , not the head of government . 
  the only advantage i can see is that it 's much easier to buy things internationally . 
  the big credit card companies have far-reaching networks across the globe that your retail bank probably does n't . 
  nah , there are only poles there .
