it used to give them a lot of influence but not so much lately . 
  they are in a much weaker position now and suffer from the double-whammy of not actually being able to leave and then leaving not mattering enough to be a credible threat . 
  great britain leaving the eu would do nothing but ruin them and cement germany 's hegemony on the continent . 
  do you have evidence to the contrary ? 
  because we do n't ban things for not being proven helpful , we only ban things when they are harmful . 
  actually , in the fall of 89 it was clear what the east german population wanted , too . 
   with a view to joining the euro as soon as possible . 
  is n't it kinda obvious now that this would be a very bad idea ? 
  thanks . 
  yes , as far as we are only talking about being able to travel , live or work anywhere you want . 
  you will not be able to vote in that state 's general elections though . 
  i believe you can vote in local elections ( i.e. 
  mayor , police commissioner etc. ), 
  after a short period ( iirc three months ) and in the elections for the european parliament . 
  you will also most likely not be able to get payments from the state 's social security and whether or not higher education in the host state is free for you will depent on the circumstances . 
   switzerland has a very similar , seperate agreement with the eu , but the freedom to work is a fundamental right in the eea , not just the eu . 
  did n't they declare that agreement void recently ? 
   i ca n't believe this is n't being reported further . 
  i voted with the understanding i would help choose the european president . 
  that 's the only thing that got me to get off my ass and go vote which is why i spend my sunday doing more productive things than participating in an election were the votes do n't matter . 
  edit : not to say that i do n't want a democratic eu . 
  but i have spend the last ~ 10 years waiting for it to develop and it does n't seem like it 's going to happen any time soon . 
  even if the council nominates the parliament 's candidate , he still has very little power and basically serves at the pleasure of the bigger european nation 's heads of government . 
  i agree with all of that other than eliminationg the `` one per state '' rule . 
  imo it 's important to have everyone represented , even if it 's just simbolically . 
  it really depends . 
  from what my catholic gf told me , they just take part in the church community . 
  there are some rules , e.g. 
  at a certain age their parents buy them a certain songbook . 
  some protestant communities have a little booklet that gets stamped every time you attend a mass . 
  no , i 'm not making that up . 
  however if budget and teachers on staff make it possible , schools do offer ethics , philosophy or similar as an elective instead of religion . 
  i once even was allowed to just not show up when my school did n't any uch class . 
  had to take up the religion class later on when i wanted to get rid of french , though . 
  it 's cato.org , what did you expect ? 
  are we still the world champion of hearts ? 
  it 's difficult to keep up with all the things we are requried to be . 
  so only another 50 years from now , whenever now happens to be at the time . 
   it does seem like it was n't worth it if russia were a singular entity , yes . 
  but as is the case with every nation , the nation 's interests are n't necessarily alligned with the government 's . 
  putin has used an oportunity to cement his hold on power . 
  that the economy is hurting does n't impact his own livelyhood . 
  southeners ( mostly bavarians ) do over-enunciate the r more but all germans use the rather special ` german r. ' many non-german people have great trouble pronouncing it . 
  thing is , washington actually has the power to do stuff , e.g. 
  enact laws or go to war . 
  the eu institutions generally lack power , they mostly serve as a medium between the member state 's own institutions . 
  ( i.e. 
  departments or agencies . ), 
  national media and politicians like to blaim the eu for everything but there really is n't much that the eu could actually `` force down our throats '' the way the federal government does quite regularly in the us . 
  all power comes from the member state 's governments , which means that these governments call the shots . 
  the `` parliament '' has the right to debate issues ( and pass non-binding resolutions ) , to rubber-stamp the council 's - i.e. 
  the assembly of national governments ' - decisions and not much more . 
  that has been my biggest dilema these last few elections . 
  i do n't want the cdu in power but i * definitely * do n't want the spd anywhere near power . 
  and i say that as a leftist who used to vote for them . 
  germoney can into humour , too !, 
  huh ? 
  i did n't know austria would be having much trouble , since you guys have all these mountains and whatnot . 
  how swede of him . 
  this is a really beautiful thing to do . 
  now i 'm sad that we have mostly forgotten these old traditions . 
  we should give those other people work permits and let them contribute , instead of locking them up in asylum seeker dormitories . 
  hey , i can totally understand the american point of view . 
  the us has been using nato in their foreign policy for many decades , which has benefited europeans greatly . 
  the us government spends a huge amount of money on keeping troops and entire fleets deployed in certain areas it has an interest in . 
  with budgetary reality being what it is right now , the us government would like more european contribution to this , instead of being a drain of ressources . 
  europe is pretty much a stable and safe now and even without nato it seems likely that european nations would stay more or less aligned with america . 
  focusing the us military 's ressources on a new defensive alliance against china might actually be the best course of action for america . 
  you got ta make priorities and europe is n't or at least probably should n't be a priority for us foreign policy . 
  if europeans weigh the alliance down by dragging their feed , it 's best to cut them loose and only keep those allies who pull their own weight . 
  why exactly is my own country ( germany ) allowed to have less oceangoing escorts ( i.e. 
  frigattes ) in our navy than the treaties we signed say we have to ? 
  that 's just not how proper allies should behave . 
  but would you actually disband nato ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  having nato and being the alliance 's leader still brings too many benefits . 
  an independent europe could become incredibly problematic . 
  at the moment it 's broadly us+eu against russia + china , us against russia + china + eu would be trouble . 
  disbanding nato would be a huge gamble and probably politically impossible for any president who would prefer to not be impeached . 
  that 's why european nations can reduce their defense spending to the level they deem appropriate for self-defense . 
  at the basic level , imo it 's a difference in what different countries and their governments see as the role of nato . 
  europe generally sees it as a strictly defensive alliance . 
  we helped against afghanistan and we help in the global war of terror . 
  but we do n't generally see power projection as the point of nato , which is why almost none of us helped against iraq . 
  ( nato has officially decided a couple pf years ago that it is also about `` out of area '' operations that secure ressources or lines of commerce but european populations were n't happy about that . ), 
  we will continue to see the exact same messages from the us government regarding europe not spending enough until either something changes to make europeans want to spend more on defense or americans finally say `` enough is enough '' and cut us loose . 
  from all the talk refering to the threat iran , russia or china pose to europe , it seems the us government is still hoping for the former but i just do n't see it happening . 
  tl ; dr : we would very much like you to reduce your military spending to our self-defense level . 
  you would very much like us to increase our military spending to your power-projection level . 
  neither is gon na happen in the foresseable future . 
  you will have to decide whether you think nato benefits you enough to accept that situation or not . 
  yeah , discussing this topic with americans always leads to strange claims like `` but america * has to * spend so much to keep europe safe , because they do n't want to keep themselves safe . '', 
  but that ignores that european militaries are actually pretty potent . 
  no , we do n't keep troops , ships and airplanes forward-deployed to fuck up any other nation on the planet within 48 hours . 
  but is that actually needed to keep us safe ? 
  no , it just is n't . 
  european nations spend as much on their military as they think is necessary to be prepared against realistic threats . 
  the only remotely realistic threat is russia and we outspend them already . 
  also , both they and we have nuclear second strike capability , so any protracted major war is out of the question in the first place . 
  this leads me to conclude that what americans ( and the us government ) actually mean is that they want europe to take a bigger part in enforcing western hegemony on the rest of the world .
