  no need for expansion , unless putin closes off the pipelines entirely . 
  the difference is that internet is something people want and are happy to pay an additional $ 50/month for . 
  try telling any german citizen that for geopolitical reasons he now has to stop using natural gas for heating and thus his electricity bill will be $ 600/year higher . 
  ( i 'm assuming the same monthly cost for the argument 's sake . ), 
  people would be very upset , to put it mildly . 
  no german politician would be bold enough to do this . 
   in fairness , welfare spending is literally orders of magnitude greater than either of those things you mentioned . 
  at least in the case of the usa military and intelligence spending is a * huge * part of the federal budget . 
  but we do n't want to maintain just any workforce , we want to maintain a workforce that has been prepared for high-tech jobs . 
  more ethnic fast food restaurants wo n't help us retaking the world 's - biggest-exporter championship !, 
  / s i 'm not saying that it 's morally right to shut out low-qualification immigrants while inviting high-qualified ones , i 'm a descendent of a non-qualified immigrant myself . 
  but it is what the german government has been trying to do for over a decade now . 
  personally i do n't see an issue with there being fewer germans in the world but many conservative types care about that a lot for some reason . 
   the federal constitutional court ruled that parts of the german public-broadcasting are anti-constitutional and have to be changed until 2015 . 
  we have been using an unconstitutional electoral law for a while , surely nobody expects something to change here ? 
  crimea was made part of the soviet republic of ukraine when both were part of the ussr . 
  this was only done to streamline the bureaucracy , since both were expected to stay in the soviet union forever . 
  then in 1992 sr ukraine declared independence from the ussr and took crimea with them . 
  the crimean local government themselves declared independence from ukraine but a couple of days later they amended their constitution to state that they were autonomous but subordinate to ukraine . 
  crimea does n't care . 
  the rest of the world does n't care . 
  just like nobody cared about serbia 's opinions regarding kosovo . 
  if by status quo you mean reaccession to ukraine , then that * was * on the ballot . 
  you can argue that there should have been an option to vote for staing completely independent but who seriously believes that to be a better outcome for crimea than the other two options ? 
  yes but i guess facts would have gotten in the way of his argument . 
  i disagree . 
  they are a minority and have not turned out to vote . 
  it is entirely plausible that the russian majority overwhelmingly voted for joining russia . 
  had the minorities voted , one would have expected a far less unanimous result . 
  * that * would have been suspicious . 
  you mean the international observers who were invited and refused to come ? 
  the * oecd ? 
  * yeah , had western institutions and governments not been so stubborn , we could have had a referendum that everyone could trust . 
  but we did n't and you ca n't blame russia for that . 
  and this was only the lattest of a long series of high-profile tax evasion cases . 
  many of those people filed charges against themselves when they had learned that german tax evasion investigators had acquired bank data from switzerland and other tax havens . 
  most of them got of the hook due to the aforementioned rule . 
  germans like to pretend that there is no corruption in this country , this was a rude awakening . 
  i like that they at least admit that they are just making propaganda for the ukrainian side . 
  still utter bs but at least we do n't have to just * assume * that it comes from ukraine . 
  is the international court of justice good enough for you ? 
  because they ruled * exactly this kind of thing * legal when they had to make a decision on kosovo . 
  `` the west '' also legitimised * the exact same thing * when we recognised kosovo 's independence the day after the local govenrment declared independence . 
  ( and putin warned us back then that we were setting a dangerous precedent ... ), 
  because russia was the only country that had their back . 
  not out of altruism but still . 
  in this case however he is entirely and * objectively * correct . 
  the russian federation is in much better financial and economic that than ukraine . 
  yes , even though russia itself is not in a good state . 
  ukraine is simply much worse off . 
   its legal status ( it is illegitimate from all points of view ) it 's actually legitimate from every point of view that is n't the ukrainian constitution . 
   organizational issues ( lack of proper bulletins , observers , commissions , transparency ) the oecd has been invited . 
  atm ukraine is trying to block their attendance but if the oecd finds that it was a fair referendum , there will be no reason to doubt them . 
   the option of asking people if they wish to stick with the status quo -- in which crimea enjoys autonomy but remains part of ukraine -- is not on offer . 
  what a load of bs . 
  that 's * exactly * what being part of ukraine with the 92 constitution in power would mean . 
  and since they were an autonomous republic already - autonomy they got in exchange for staying with ukraine in 92 instead of breaking away - not much would change . 
  the ballot does n't have a `` no '' option but it has a `` yes for staying with ukraine '' and a `` yes for switching to russia '' option . 
  one could argue that there should be an option for an independent crimea but insinuating that there is no option for staying with ukraine in the same way they were before is going too far . 
  thank you . 
  sorry but no one who is thinking about putting their critical infrastructure * in the fucking cloud * is competent . 
  erm ? 
   this subreddit does n't like sorros for many reasons ; he 's not an uncritical cheerleader for the eu or the euro , and he 's ruthlessly pragmatic . 
  neither of those things means he 's wrong , they just mean that a lot of people here would rather not listen . 
   the law about regional languages _ was n't _ abolished . 
  may we stop talking about it ? 
  no , we may not . 
  it was attempted and people * rightfully * feld threatened by that attempt . 
  it 's the one thing that broke the proverbial camel 's back and just ignoring it would be pretending that the crimeans just woke up one morning and randomly decided to seceed . 
  here is the icj ruling on it : http://www.icj-cij.org/docket/files/141/15987.pdf they found the kosovo 's secession legal . 
  even at the time everyone knew that this would set a precedent for other separatist movements , which is why it was widely believed that the court would try everything it could to not go that far . 
  both are correct . 
  germany pays disproportionately into the eu budget but germany also benefits disproportionately from the systemic advantage it has through being the strongest economy in the eurozone . 
  of course the government * could * do something . 
  but the last 70 years have shown that when a major power wants to protect a minority from its government 's retaliation , that 's all fine and dandy . 
  that 's why there are russian troops fortifying the only access point to crimea from ukraine . 
  the kiev government ca n't retaliate against the crimeans without starting a war with russia . 
  that 's called `` peace keeping '' , it 's a standard tactic many industrialised nations employ liberally in their foreign policy . 
  and many people seem to agree , considering how many people have protested for e.g. 
  a free tibet or palestine . 
  i did n't make those rules but the west has decided that it 's ok . we ca n't take a stance that it 's illegal * now . 
  * that 's completely hypocritical . 
  and in my personal opinion , the bavarians should be free to go . 
  why should the rest of the country even care ? 
  honestly , why should i want to force a minority to be citizens of my country when they feel we are too different ? 
  even if i had the opinion that it would be best for them to stay , it would still be * their * loss , not mine . 
  especially when germany were as unstable as ukraine is right now . 
   international law is being violated . 
  the crimeans have a right to self-determination . 
  or are you saying that e.g. 
  the kosovo war was illegal ? 
  because we were totally fine with it then . 
   sanctions are [ ... ] morally right . 
  i disagree . 
  an opressed ethnic minority has decided to secceed from the country that has just recently enacted a racist law that targets them for speaking the same language as the people in a another country . 
  i see no moral point of view here that would make it right to tell them to stay with their oppressors and just accept being branded as second class citizens . 
  let 's remember that all this happened * before * putin ordered his troops on crimea out of their bases . 
  yes , that was n't a nice move in itself but considering that the new ukrainian government has already threatend to invade crimea if they vote to secceed , i can hardly see how that makes * him * the bad guy in all of this . 
  that 's completely different from e.g. 
  the us bombing the shit out of a foreign country for no reason .
