  who would want that ? 
  this seems incredibly easy to stop , though . 
  take their name , picture , finger print . 
  eh , the us had a much stronger recovery from the crisis much earlier than we had . 
  no wonder that we are growing a bit quicker now that we are finally getting back on track . 
  i would like to see a comparison to pre crisis unemployment levels . 
  plus the little issue of 99 % of the active members having neither the talent nor interest for real political work . 
  it was very similar to reddit : no one knew anything about anything , no one wanted to do any work , but everyone had an opinion on everything . 
  i have been active in a number of parties , political organizations etc. 
  and the ppd was the most disfunctional waste of time of them all . 
  pretty much everyone from the early days lost motivation and left , myself included . 
  i thought we will be god emperor in 2017 ? 
  also , the luftwaffe had a culture of recklessness , which stemmed from many of its early personnel having fought in the desperate times of late ww2 . 
  that 's what they tried in ww2 . 
  it was n't very effective ... 
   but if furniture shopping would be the only real need for a car , it 's cheaper to order home delivery than to rent a truck or car + trailer . 
  over here , you can just rent a transporter from ikea for iirc 3 $ per hour . 
  ( or free for ikea family members . ), 
  yeah , i do n't have a license and never needed a car , since i 'm a city kid . 
  but my girlfriend is from a tiny village in lower saxony were * everyone * gets their license asap , if only to relieve some burden from the parents . 
  in their family of 4 everyone has their own car , before that she had a scooter . 
  you are completely stranded there without motorised private transport , like being on an island . 
  yeah , if your job requires a business dress code , all tattoos should be covered up . 
  yes , pain is counted as damage . 
  there is a long table that lists injuries and the appropriate payment , though it 's not even close to what american courts seem to be happy to dish out . 
  think two orders of magnitude smaller or even less . 
  she would probably have gotten more for the damage to the car than for her pain , though obviously that all depends on each specific case . 
  corporate negligence is a criminal offense and is primarily punished by fines for the company or - when criminal behaviour by specific people can be proven - the according punishment for the people who were in charge . 
  those cases would typically include a civil law case brought be the damaged person ( s ) , which german criminal procedures allow to be rolled into one trial to make things simpler . 
  the judge will still rule on each charge/lawsuit seperately . 
  he might find no grounds for a criminal sentence but still awards damages . 
  but the amount of awarded damages would not increase . 
  ( i believe in the us this would be different . ), 
  typically a corporation would try paying you off without getting any court involved , even if it 's just for good pr . 
  lucky that you asked a guy who was sued not long ago . 
   germans like to sue just as much but it 's more smaller civil law cases ( e.g. 
  `` my neighbor 's tree is growing to close to my property '' ) than the big megabucks lawsuits . 
  that 's because one big difference between us and german civil law is that you can only sue for damages * that you can prove happened as a direct result * of the other person 's actions . 
  you ca n't sue for $ 500,000 after a minor car crash . 
  ( and you ca n't sue for medical bills either , because those are paid by insurance anyways . ), 
  also , all legal cases are decided by judges , who will take the defendant 's financial situation into account to make a fair judgement . 
  this drastically limits the potential for life-ruining lawsuits . 
  then there is legal fees . 
  not only are they set by law for standard cases but since they are in proportion to the value that is being sued for ( e.g. 
  the claimed damages ) , they are also not likely to ever get to astronomical amounts . 
  the state will pay them for you , if you are too poor . 
  no matter whether you are the one sueing or the one being sued . 
  or whether you lost or won . 
  the court only has to acknowledge that you stood any chance at success , i.e. 
  you ca n't use it for frivolous suits . 
  yes , even when you hire your own lawyer . 
  this does include just getting a legal consultation by any lawyer you choose , though you will have to fork over the daunting sum of $ 10 co-pay . 
  and in the event that you were sued and lost , it 's not * that * difficult to get rid of your entire debt by declaring personal bankruptcy . 
  if you pay at least 1/3 in the first 3 years after entering bancruptcy , you can ask the insolvency court to wipe your debt and that 's that . 
  ( even many people here in germany do n't know that btw . ), 
  otherwise it will happen automatically after 6 years . 
  now , one important difference to the us system ( which is similar ) is that in the us you ca n't get out of certain kinds of debt that way , e.g. 
  tuition-fee loans . 
  the other important difference is that anything necessary for a good life is protected even under bancruptcy . 
  the only things they could take from you are luxuries like paintings or jewelry . 
  now , this will destroy your credit rating for a while but that is n't nearly as damaging in germany as it is in the us . 
  tl ; dr : it is incredibly unlikely that legal fees or damages will ruin your life in germany . 
  even if you are so poor that a four-digit sum would break your back , the state will protect you from unduly burdens . 
  i do n't know all that much about divorce but it 's not strictly necessary to sue someone for divorce . 
  in the easiest case : spend at least one year seperated , then fill out a form and send it to your local court , they will decide on who is owed what . 
  you will have to pay a small fee but that 's it . 
  apparently it gets * much * murkier when kids are involved or one party wants money from the other ... 
  still , if both sides are reasonable about it , they can hash it out in advance , since the laws are actually pretty clear on these matters and it 's unlikely that a judge would decide differently . 
  yeah , one thing many people in the us do n't seem to realise is that e.g. 
  education is free over here . 
  whenever i see people complaining about tuition fees and even questioning whether a college degree even is * worth it * from a monetary point of view , i 'm glad i 'm not an american . 
  the same is true when i see their enormous medical and legal bills . 
  not having enormous debt that i would have to pay off over the next decades ( and the security of knowing that i will never have that debt , no matter how much bad luck i might have in the future ) is more than engough to counter-balance the slightly reduced earning potential . 
  we also have pretty nice inner cities with great public transport , so buying or building a house and having a luxurious car for long commutes is n't even necessary for a pretty high quality of life . 
  though it has to be said that our taxes are n't really * that * high ( depending on your tax braket , of course ) and if you are willing to put in the work , you can actually make quite a good sum of money . 
  we have a huge high-tech industry with lots of high-paying jobs and it 's pretty easy to found your own business . 
  and people camping out in public forrests tend to disturb the animals and leave trash . 
  there are commercial camping sites all over the country anyways . 
  * the quality and variety of bread * the amount of common decency displayed toward others ( e.g. 
  being quiet on weekends or late at night ) * the free-to-attend yet high quality universities, 
  less sexual than i had hoped ... 
   so everybody who says we 've got tough gun laws is lying . 
  you can get everything . 
  you just need to be a member of a shooting club . 
  there is a caveat though , because while it 's rather easy to get a license to * own * a gun , it 's incredibly tough to get a licence to * carry it in public * . 
  you also have to shiw that you are competent and knowledgable and you have to have a `` gun safe '' of a certain strength that you store the weapon and ammunition in . 
  most gun crime in germany is done with illegally owned guns , not with licensed weapons . 
  it 's not socially acceptable to carry a gun or have it under your pillow for defense against burglars . 
  ( it 's also neither acceptable nor legal to shoot people on your property without them posing an immediate threat . ), 
   gauck has a long history of being a figure of integrity in germany i completely disagree . 
  he lead what became knows as the `` gauck agency '' ( * gauckbeh\u00f6rde * , because it 's real name is * beh\u00f6rde des bundesbeauftragten f\u00fcr die unterlagen des staatssicherheitsdienstes der ehemaligen deutschen demokratischen republik * ) which was a tasked with dealing with all the files that the gdr 's security apperatus had left behind when the frg absorbed her eastern block counterpart in 1990 . 
  the agency enables people to check what data the east german government had collected on them . 
  it 's also tasked with reconstructing files that were ( tried to be ) destroyed during the peaceful revolution of 1989 . 
  that 's all nice and dandy but in practice , the gauckbeh\u00f6rde has leaked personal files of politicians to the press . 
  gauck is a bit of a loose cannon . 
  you could interprete that as him staying true to his conviction , yes . 
  but my opinion is that he will just do and say whatever furthers his political preferance . 
  also , gauck is a staunch anti-leftist . 
  so much so that he has shown incredible bias in leaking the forementioned files . 
  he was originally only put forth as a candidate for the federal presidency to force the linkspartei into voting against him , thus making them look contrarian .
