  for days he was writing them , even when he was in train after leaving closed consulate . 
  everybody in poland is learning about polish evacuation to romania and everybody interested in wwii knows how helpful and good you were for us ( with a little controversy of interning of our government ) . 
  but that friendship day is not only about wwii but about longer history so no reason to be sad  i think that everybody that is not ignorant about wwii knows about your help . 
  it 's quite funny that he practically described novorussian separatists and volunteer russian soldiers ( that iirc even putin praised ) when he described what savchenko did and he does n't see that something is wrong in his way of thinking . 
  i saw an hour ago in krak\u00f3w group of brits and one of them was wearing a pink dress :p, 
  also shooting has bigger terror effect , as it was seen in paris - it can go for hours during which people are terrified and media are reporting everything . 
  it 's not the same as when you just hear news that there was suicide attack - its also terrifing but its quickly over . 
  during well organised shooting whole world is there through cameras and relations , sometimes you can even read what victims are writing on internet ... 
  i read article about people that were living from selling old polish partisan weapons . 
  they knew where were fights and where polish underground were hiding during and after war . 
  what is interesting those people were not hardened criminals but more ordinary people , sometimes quite old , that just do n't care where those weapons go . 
  i must say that you both are very mature about it . 
  it means hajji - someone who went on hajj to mekka , but in his case ( and balkan christians ) it was pilgrimage to jerusalem . 
  it 's quite fair - clubs are usually sanctioned even when their fans are holding political transparents so in case of player it should be more obvious , no matter what my sympathies are . 
   so poland is as well the country that failed to save jews the most it would be easier not to fail them and we did n't have to save them if we were not attacked and occupied by germany and if germans would not be wrying to kill them all and most of us . 
  not judging you , just facts . 
   yeah and apparently what he meant by that is polish killed more jews than polish killed germans . 
  but i think this is also very controversial - how many jews did poles kill that it is more than germans they killed during whole war , fighting on every front of war , in 1939 , defending france , in italy with anders ' army , on west and on east in communist army , in underground ? 
  poles were n't clean , there were lot of pieces of shit helping germans out of hate , ideology or for money , some people collaborated because of fear but on the same time there were no polish ss , official collaboration forces , polish underground punished with death for collaboration and killing jews , we had \u017begota - polish council for aiding jews which members were people who often were antysemites ( in more economical meaning ) before war . 
  we were quite ok during war compared to most nations so we have right to be mad when we are reminded about how antysemitic we were or still are . 
  so you are hungary for love ? 
  they can eat in ikea restaurants or eat some rotten meat from old cans . 
   where as poland , with 10 times as many jews was at 5 % survival , they were actually going above and beyond but remember that it was germans who were going above and beyond in poland , not polish government or poles . 
  there were no polish pupet government and everything on polish land was administered by germans . 
   you do realise how much land ussr captured between 1926 and 1951 ? 
  this is something that many stalin and ussr enthusiasts ignore . 
  when it comes to victims of germans they also like to include people living and dying in eastern poland that was annexed by ussr after war as soviet casualties . 
  they often quote tables that mix 1951 statistics with pre war data and even if source is telling about inaccuracies because of border changes they tend to ignore that part . 
  we will shout `` deus vult ! '', 
  while killing infidels or dying killed by infidels or killed in accidents or killed in accidents while trying to kill infidels or when we will hit something hard with our little leg finger . 
  yes , it seams that we ca n't tell that they all are potential terrorists and murderers because ... they are potential terrorists and murderers and we should n't provoke them . 
  even in gameplays from strategy games in which youtuber choses some balkan country to play there is shitstorm in comments and even some threats ... 
  it 's madness . 
  one day i found czech car plate on bathroom door in my flat . 
  i know but that was how they justified that . 
  and it is what lot of russians now think . 
  the same with taking baltics and part of poland . 
  they needed buffer zone so they had right to do that to protect themselves ... 
  finns in internet like to remind russians about winter war and in response russians tell them that they have butthurt and that attack was justified because usrr needed that lands to protect themselves ( and world ) from germans ( it 's not important that they were allies back then ) so finland is to blame . 
  also finland was nazi collaborant etc. 
  if that 's true and things like that happen after some referendum i 'm no longer wondering how during wars worse things happened , like neighbours murdering neighbours etc. . . long hidden resentments , suddenly encouraged and people are showing their true faces . 
  i remember article about bus drivers in some country that were not allowed to wear shorts during hot days so they wore skirts from female driver uniforms in protest . 
   casual sex i do n't think that it is great idea , not on streets anyway :p i think that stereotype ( or maybe it 's not a stereotype in some cases ) of immodesty , promiscuity , nudity etc. 
  during gay parades are big reason why they are recieved so negatively in poland and some other countries . 
  if there were heterosexual people doing on they parades what people think gays are doing on theirs they would also be bashed by majority . 
  [ what are you talking about ?!, 
  but they listed also nato exercises in europe but far from russia like in iberian penisula and those are also biggest of listed nato exercises . 
  still quite shitty graphic because it seems that nearly all russian exercises on west are `` snap exercises '' and i do n't know if it is the same as `` snap check '' ? 
  according to wikipedia snap check were exercises on east ... why zapad-13 is not included on map ? 
  maybe some intern did this and did n't bother or remember to put right names on circles ? 
  also that distinction only between < 50000 and  50000 is stupid . 
  especially that  50000 means also part of exercises with more than 50000 participants . 
  if they did exercises all around russia in 5000 villages but for 11 soldiers in each that would mean that every one should be marked with bigger circle ... 
  yes , that was very bad word to describe that . 
  as far as i think that they deserved to be isolated from people that they were persecuting i agree with your words . 
  i can understand motivations of people in that time but it still does n't change it was wrong . 
  i do n't think that it is good that germans died during expulsion , i think that it was bad . 
  i may blame it on communists and soviets ( because they did n't care when they were expelling people or taking them to siberia ) but i do n't know what free polish government would do ( but probably it would be more civilised because it will be controlled by allies ) . 
  nonetheless not all of your arguments are equal . 
  some of them are stupid . 
  even if we are talking on national level of guilt ( which i do n't fully suport ) it is not the same to punish people for crimes of their nation and to punish people because they did n't want to help your nation that they do n't consider as theirs . 
  if they were not feeling part of ottoman empire , wanted independence , if they felt persecuted and discriminated why would they want to help ottomans and even call for their brethen in other countries ( that they had more sympathy ) to betray them and help turks ? 
  also you always had to remember who was agressor . 
  and as for things mentioned in your earlier response to my post : i did n't put that clearly enough that i do n't think that germans deserved to die , that is what i mean when i wrote that it was `` controversial '' , but that is not good word ( i 'm not counting death during evacuation because that was german and soviets thing and responsibility , if civilians died in sunken ships etc. ) . 
  i also did n't mean that what ussr did to poles justified what happened to germans but that also poles where forced to move by soviets . 
  that was ussr who orchestrated those expulsions . 
  polish communist government helped them but you have to remember that they even murdered polish war heroes only because they were working for `` imperialists '' - fought for polish government in exile . 
  it 's nothing strange thet for germans they had even more sympathy . 
  that was grim reality and there was not a lot of sympathy for occupants after wwii . 
  germans knew that after what they did ( especially to russians ) they were fucked . 
  tjhat 's why they retreated so fast and evacuated all those civilians . 
  what does jesus have to this ? 
  where i 'm talking about revange on germans ? 
  i was talking about some kind of revenge that some germans want on poland for `` taking '' their land ( it 's not even like we had much to tell about it ) . 
  they want reparations etc. 
  some revisionists are even counting as expelled germans who were sent to polish territories after begining of the war . 
  that guy posted information about expulsion of germans in context of armanian genocide so i explained why it is not the same . 
  i just stated some facts . 
  without any emotions . 
  also it 's funny how you bring catholicism , love to enemy etc. 
  it has nothing to do with this topic and if you like to generalize i may only say that as german you have lot of nerve to bring argument about love of enemy in context of wwii ... now you teach us about peace and love ... 
  even each case of polish requests for german reparations were only in response to german demands about retaliations for our western lands . 
  you mean that germans should put stop to using that event to show how germans were also victioms of wwii ? 
  german minorities living for example in poland murdered their neighbours and made lists that were used during intelligenzaktion - murder of polish elites . 
  volksdeutscher selbstschutz that was made of german minorities conducted those murders . 
  the way expulsion was conducted is controversial but it was inevitable after what germans did . 
  alfo big part of that was evacuation conducted by nazis or more disorganized escape after their defeat . 
  other thing is that in case of poland many people were also forced to move west and leave their homes in eastern territories that were annexed by ussr . 
  it was also quite ordinary just in ottoman empire during that period ... 
  they were also genociding greeks ( one of reasons why some areas , that were majoity greek now have not so many greeks ) and assyrians . 
  that 's the other thing - he really likes to touch and slap other people . 
  and it comes without threats that norway will cut of deliveries ( because of `` technical '' issues ) when poland will do something that norway will not like . 
  yea , and that 's why they should be jailed in germany . 
  but the problem is that jail should be ( and in many countries is ) also a punishment and warning to others , not only way to isolate criminal . 
  in that case sending criminal back to country , especially if he wo n't be held there in jail is pointless - it gives other criminals idea that if they will comit crime they will only be send back . 
  so the only way to send the mback will be to make sure that they will be put in prison in pakistan . 
  yes , ` nothing wrong ' were not best words  i just think that as long as someone is paying attention to qhat was happening its not that bad but still might be dangerous . 
  i listen to music only on not heavily attended roads because i know that hearing is very important to me while i 'm riding on bike . 
  i have quite narrow filed of view , 
  as far as i think that poland is too negative towards russia it always annoys me when someone says that if we will be more adaptive towards russia we will have cheaper energy .
