yes , krakow is famous for that . 
  you should not walk without a machette for self defence . 
  it is also usefull to cut through the smog and heavy air pollution , 
   it is the whole country which he seeks to hold responsible for actions of a few . 
  how can you complain about generalization when you all the time talk about some `` west '' ? 
  you make even bigger simplification . 
  i think that it is big problem with russians - many of them find criticism of their government as direct attack on ordinary people . 
  in other countries if someone will say something bad about government any people will agree with them and they still will consider themselves as patriots doing something good for country , not for few , possibly corrupt , guys in government ... 
  i 've seen this series and even if some reactions were too dramatic and silly i think that poles were shown in it absurdally , cartoonish evil , sick with hate , they hated jews more than germans ... 
  they even did ' t kill any jews in it but that scene where that polish commander mercifully and secretly did n't execute viktor just for being jew and german was absurd . 
  it looked for me like producers decided that germans did not look enough like human beings and change every pole in it into antisemite or someone who is aware that rest of poles are antisemite . 
  it 's not that nobody in polend was collaborator or murderer or coward ready to sell jews and others for money , protection etc. 
  but this kind of behaviour was punished by polish underground , and from that underground they decided to show some degenerates ... that series had flaws also on german side of story - that sudden change in behaviour of friedhelm was really cheap - `` war changes people so now i can kill children '' . 
  they could n't find better way to make him bad so they made him even worse because now he was cynical hypocrite . 
  unsere m\u00fctter , unsere v\u00e4ter had some interesting questions and was sometimes very critical for germans , they hipocrisy , false guilt , dissapointment in nazi ideology not because it was evil but because they began to lose . 
  russians , ukrainians , even americans are also criticised in this movie so i can agree that it shows overall degeneration of world but in poland many people just disagree with proportions which for ignorant and uneducated people may create false picture of this conflict . 
  there was a lot of discussion about flag , none of this picture is final version and i do n't think that there is final version . 
  as i mentioned [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3a5edd/collection_of_images_connected_with_polish_new/cs9p1fs ) - first picture is corrected verion of that one with current german flag after complaining from many users . 
  some people in poland also think that current usage of `` polish concentration camp '' is still connected or effected by [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22polish_death_camp%22_controversy#operations_to_whitewash_german_responsibility_for_wwii ) and do n't believe in location of the camp excuse becouse it is not specific enough to be harmless simplification especially in text where germans are not even mentioned . 
  it is not some governmental initiative - it 's just some private people collecting money to print some posters . 
  i do n't think that this money could be spend on education because that wo n't be some huge amount . 
  unfortunatelly there are some uneducated people and many that falsify history on purpose . 
  there is even some documentary , `` defamation '' , about young people from israel going on trip to auschwitz which shows that they are fed with stories about polish nazis that could assault them on street in every moment and even some old , funny man sitting on the bench and laughing at himself because he thought that these jewish girls were talking in chinese was blamed for saying something insulting and laughing from jews ... 
  it was really sad to watch - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nu6t9ymhvt4 this kind of stuff just really frustrates poles . 
  it may be incidental but we are very sensitive in this question . 
  some people in poland are very annoyed by german and other newspapers and websites calling death camps `` polish '' , sometimes without even mentioning germans . 
  so there is something about nazis ( from moon , like we like to joke in poland in such cases ) and only nation besides jewish is polish in `` polish death camps '' . 
  there were few diplomatic interventions and even some suing from former inmate . 
  so some people on wykop.pl thought about funding educational posters or even billboards . 
  there were lot of versions posted for few days by many users , some had current german flag and they were criticised for lack of historical accuracy and being to much driven by vengeance and not need to educate ignorant people . 
  for example the first picture is corrected version of the second one . 
  daily there were few versions of that one with executioner with different kinds of flags , text etc. 
  to determinate final , most accurate and convincing version . 
  in poland `` holandia '' is netherlands and we have `` kr\u00f3lestwo niderland\u00f3w '' for kingdom of the netherlands but i did n't hear anyone talking about kr\u00f3lestwo niderland\u00f3w , most people probably do n't even know about it but it is official name in diplomacy . 
  also good for greeks because they are not asking why macedonia conquered greece , 
  it 's a thing - a potato . 
  putin will marry trumps daughter and trump will marry putins daughter . 
  they their children will marry and produce super-heir ? 
  although trump probably would prefer his own daughter , 
   although i guess they 're `` martyrs '' of they die yes , that is what they think . 
  when al-kaida were killing people in iraq they were explaining that this way . 
  they were helping getting them to paradise and on the same time they were blaming americans for their death . 
  so they were sacrificing them to fuck with american statistics and to them that counted as sacrifice worth going to paradise . 
  yeah , there is some idea that being an `` artist '' gives you immunity , that you can do what you want because you are artist . 
  it 's retarded . 
  in poland we have supporters of polanski , who said that he should be left alone because he is an artist ... 
  so i can do everything that is outlawed and say it 's an art or somebody must decide that i 'm an artist ? 
  it 's not that simplified and stupid - check richard pipes ' `` russia under old regime '' that i 've mentioned before . 
  there is the same theory but applied do whole history of russia ( until xix century ) and backed by lot of data from that time , information about yields etc. 
  in `` russia under the old regime '' by richard pipes climate etc. 
  also are mentioned as main factors that shaped unique russian politics from beginning of their history . 
  he was basically a nazi who did n't like hitler because of his military decisions . 
  he still thought that poles and rest are untermensch and should be only slaves . 
  but i do n't think that many poles know about him anyway , only those interested in history are quite disgusted by some attempts in making him a hero ( worth a movie about him ) . 
  if you look on anti-hitler opposition in germany , even pre-war , you 'll see that many of them during conquest of poland were happy with german successes , i do n't remember which one , but some from kreisau circle was disgusted with that attitude among his friends . 
  still they were mostly against nazism . 
  stauffenberg was not one of them - he just wanted hitler dead to appease allies and still get slice of conquered eastern land . 
  that must be mistake - they were searching for `` porando 's stupid , huge neighbour '' and they recorded only beginning . 
  i 'm sure . 
   otoh hands, 
  there is another one in us if i 'm not wrong , that is turkish and is telling that she is coloured person . 
  of course she looked whiter than many `` white '' people i know . 
  i ca n't remembet her name but she was infamous for organizing some event and prohibited white heterosexual males to attend and said that it was not racism becouse racism can be only when white people ( mostly men ) are opressing minorities . 
  she believed only in `` institutional racism '' and she said that only white men have eough power to be racist . 
  she did n't see any hipocrysy in that she had power ( as studen leader ) to disallow males to attend on her meeting . 
  it 's hard to predict if far-right will ally with far-left in anti-semitic sentiment or ally with jews to protect against leftist and muslims :p, 
  i think that most of that people are driven by simple nostalgia - even in poland that was just puppet nation there are people that are nostalgic towards socialist poland , they do n't remember how it wasor they life did n't change enough to be happy that future generations have bigger chances than they have . 
  that is normal . 
  sad part are young people that are often visible on internet , for example on reddit - they are deluded by stenght and territorial greatness , fear that ussr was causing etc. 
  half russians on r/russia have ussr flair , they are some that praise ussr and even agree with dictatorship , ceading their rights just to be big and bad . 
  there is a guy that talks about soviet lands , soviet borders , soviet airspace etc. 
  i think that lot of that people think they would be in security forces , authorities etc. 
  they just forget that in ussr even authorities were not safe ... 
  yeah , it 's `` annoying '' that kaliningrad is called after guy who was signed on order of execution of polish officers in katyn ... `` k\u00f6nigsberg '' is just kr\u00f3lewiec in german . 
  but it does n't mean that he wo n't do something stupid just to prove another point and to show some flaw in norwegian law . 
  i can imagine him killing some other prisoner or staff member to show how stupid law is to let him contact with other people and then say that they ca n't punish him harder because of his human rights . 
  he can not be punished harder , he can not be isolated , what they can do to him ? 
   anyway , you really think that your country could handle the german occupation by itself ? 
  it 's not like soviets helped when they took tens of thousands of polish soldiers to gulags , killed our officers in katy\u0144 and other places and before that when they take half of our country that was planed to be used to retreat while fighting to prolong war . 
  it 's like someone took half of russia during german invasion so soviets have nowhere to go . 
   it did n't count when imperial japan did precisely that in manchuria . 
  it required a direct attack by the japanese on us soil to provoke a declaration of war . 
  the same was with ussr - nobody declared war against them . 
  that did n't mean that soviets were n't agressors and did n't start war against poland ... 
  lack of proper intervention means that `` the international community '' sucked , not that ussr or japa did nothing wrong ... 
   what has that got to do with anything ? 
  if poland has so many troops fighting germans on all fronts it means that they probably killed great amount of them . 
  now gross has to prove that they killed even greater amount of jews . 
   and of course it would be fair to say that the rest of the eu has benefited from polish membership too . 
  that is something that many talking how poland is greedy and ungrateful forget about . 
  eu is not only benefits directly given by eu but there are also open markets for foreign investors . 
  many western companies opened their branches here and are benefiting from that . 
  or bladder :(, 
  and people are wondering why there are less women than men in executive positions in companies - that one has taken them , 
  i 'm disgusted with lack of continuity of that line made of tiles ... 
  yes , i 'm sorry , i 'm must confess that when i was a child i 've used term `` rumun '' as synonym of gypsy or to offend someone :( but i think and hope that it is changing and more and more poles know that `` rumun '' is not the same as `` rom '' . 
  fun fact bacause many people are talking about wwii : poland also had quite unusual friend during wwii - japan . 
  they never accepted our declaration of war ( they said that it was forced by british ) and our intelligencies worked together against soviets ( and iirc even against germans ) . 
  before wwi pilsudski and dmowski wanted to ally with japan against russia ( our common enemy ) to fight for our independence but nothing resulted from that . 
  japanese consul in lithuania , that was cooperating with polish intelligence , sugihara chiune , saved around 6000-10000 polish and lithuanian jews by issuing them visas .
