  even turkey has declined to comment on whether the bombers responded . 
   they made 0 attempt to turn , as the satellite data indicates . 
  http://theaviationist.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/radar-track.png you can see there is no curve or even slight change in course . 
  it 's a straight line ... because they would have violated the territory either way , who 's to say they would n't have shot the jets down regardless ? 
   you clearly know very little to nothing about the actual situation . 
   erdogan has had to deal with many russian territorial violations . 
   this is not the first . 
  http://en.news-4-u.ru/turkey-has-accused-russia-of-violating-its-airspace.html he changed turkeys military doctrine specifically because of russian violations . 
   i suggest you go and do some research on past turkish-russian incidents , because erdogan has been warning this would happen for a long time . 
  russia did n't heed these warnings and is now ( as per usual ) playing the victim . 
  alright this conversation is over , do n't link me to crap like this with bullshit . 
  turkey changed the rules of engagement after shooting down a syrian jet . 
  russia had nothing to do with that , and yes there have been violations and i explained why above . 
  you also ignored the question of whether you think it 's ok that russia will just start shooting down turkish jets that enter syria . 
  anyway , you 're not making sense and obviously have some sort of anti-russian agenda on military matters you seem to know nothing about . 
  yes , it 's democracy in name only , like 1932 in germany . 
  but people still claim hitler was democratically elected to power . 
  politicians and policies like this are how you get nazi 's in government . 
  when people are starving and the government can no longer afford any public services , people will vote for any extremists who can quickly solve the problem . 
  regardless of moralities , this wo n't be good for the german political landscape . 
  i believe 5 nuclear missiles can , and it happens to be carrying 5 nuclear missiles . 
  the only reason i came to it is because of how poorly armed the civilians were to begin with . 
  logistically you 're right , controlling the north of the country from damascus was always going to be difficult after the revolt . 
  the army ca n't be every where at once . 
  so when russia begin shooting down turkish jets on behalf of assad when they cross into syria , you 're absolutely fine with this ? 
  sure , but russia probably was n't expecting turkey to shoot down a jet , so why would it have a sizeable naval fleet in the area . 
  it 's a pretty strong message when you consider that one cruiser could obliterate turkey and its army all by itself ... obviously that wo n't happen , but that 's the sort of threat russia uses . 
   sure apologise for the dead pilot , no one wants/wanted that ; but turkey was well within its rights to launch that missile against a fully armed military jet that violated its territory . 
  every military advisor interviewed by news agencies . 
  this is every military advisor from every major country all agreed that this was not an appropriate response . 
  you are making this point without taking the facts into consideration , in strikes like this border violations occur , every country has breached borders when targets are so close to them . 
  if we began shooting every jet down that violated borders we 'd have had wwiii by now . 
  the appropriate response is diplomatic and sending jets in case they attack , but when a jet is flying at 1,300 km/h through a small spit of land , it 's clearly not attacking anything . 
   they were warned several times within a 5 minute period before they actually crossed the border into turkey . 
  turkey admitted the warnings were only over a 45 second period , again a jet at that speed can not easily manoeuvre . 
   they had the chance to turn away , they did n't . 
  even a sharp turn south at the point of contact and they would have crossed turkish territory , the speed is too quick , you can not make sharp turns at that speed . 
   perhaps russia/you should accept that sometimes countries defend their territorial integrity by shooting down military aircraft that fly into their land . 
  the f-16 's launched the missiles after the jets had left , while the f-16 's had crossed into syrian territory , they had no reason to fire as they 'd left the territory . 
  also consider shooting down an aircraft is a major diplomatic move . 
  this is n't something the squadron commander would authorise this has to come from high up government officials so a few possibilities : * the pilot or squadron commander went rogue and fired . 
  now turkey is trying to cover itself , the last thing any country wants to do is let out they do n't have control of their forces . 
  * the fire order was given some time prior to this incident from high up as 5 minutes is not long enough for this sort of order to get the approval required . 
  so the pilots were told to shoot anything down . 
  this raises questions when they knew russia was operating against al-nursa in the area . 
  * the conspiracy theory one , the us told turkey to shoot down a russian jet to get them to stop bombing isis . 
  sa was arming the rebels from the beginning and before the chemical attack was winning and had significantly weakened the rebels . 
  all of a sudden isis appeared funded by the us and sa and a stalemate was reached . 
  i think without that sa arming , the rebels would still have been protesters being shot on the street . 
  my theory anyway . 
  it 's been 1 day , there are currently several heavy aa weapons moving to the turkish border with a missile cruiser on the coast armed with 5 nuclear missiles . 
  you 're pre-empting the event , russia has n't given its response yet . 
  if in 2 weeks nothing happens , then i 'll believe you . 
  but you 're cool with supporting saudi arabia and bahrain which publicly use the army to execute protesters on the street ? 
  so you 're saying these people who have $ billions to hand to buy the oil , are people smugglers ? 
  no that 's not what i was saying . 
  i was pointing out that putting a cruiser with nuclear missiles that near to turkey after they shot your jet down is sending a message , a pretty strong one of `` do it again , i dare you '' . 
  if the west and sa had n't interfered and armed rebels , assad would have destroyed the rebels a long time ago . 
  can you classify the ones fighting assad as civilians though ? 
  news here is sketchy on this but no mention that the civilians were being killed in these strikes , just turkmen fighters . 
  maybe an overreaction from russia then if it 's just 4 days . 
  that does seem reasonable to repair a pylon , there is one undergoing work near where i live that has had work men on it for 2 months . 
  apologise for the mistake , offer to recompense families of the dead soldiers ( yes they 're responsible for the marine too ) and accept that 1300kp/h jets sometimes have to cross borders for a brief moment in order to manoeuvre . 
  seems like the only way to de-escalate in my opinion . 
  that warship equipped with 5 , 350kt nuclear missiles ? 
  in all of the videos i 've seen where they say something other than `` allahu akbar '' yes , they are filled with appalling things that you could n't really describe as moderate . 
  now if they 'd simply shot him when he 'd landed if they had n't killed him in the air , i 'd have no real objection , he had been bombing them a few moments ago . 
  but burning people alive ... come on . 
  stop trying to defend this crap . 
  a moderate group would have captured him or just killed him on the spot , to rather torture and kill someone painfully is not moderate in any shape or form . 
   i bet no american soldier has ever said such a thing or abused pows . . sure they have , they 've also been punished for doing so ... as a norwegian though , i 'm not sure why this is relevant to me . 
  it shows the route the oil barrels are going , assad only really holds the southern parts near damascus and no oil is going there . 
  there are buyers in syria yes , but they 're in aleppo and just outside of the turkish border in rebel held areas . 
   even if he was legitimately elected , his forces are still extremely brutal and by all accounts have the highest body count in the war . 
  in comparison to al-nursa front and isis who have massacred tens of thousands of civillians in syria ? 
  none of them are good but at least assad is much more moderate than the people trying to overthrow him . 
  these countries are n't used to democracy , you say mass protests after an 89 % victory , if only 1 % protest that is 100 's of thousands of people . 
  in the west we 're more complacent and accepting if our party does n't win but there are still protests after elections , just in much smaller numbers . 
  turkmen are currently also fighting assad . 
   you did n't debunk shit . 
  the story of them being shot out of the air by snipers was debunked . 
  you need to practice your english fellow aryan . 
   i 'm also quite the skilled sharpshooter , in arma 3 i snipe guys parachuting all the time in the german army you snipe people parachuting all the time ? 
  my realistic claim because i live in the far north of norway and carrying a rifle is standard practice because being eaten by polar bears is a bad time . 
  you then claim you snipe parachuters out of the air . 
  to debunk shooting people out of the air i made a post before about why it ca n't be done : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3u2hox/video_shows_russian_pilot_on_ground_rebel_says_he/cxcgdo3, 
  source to dispute your stub source : http://ig.ft.com/sites/2015/isis-oil/ i like how yours says `` the brutal dictator '' despite him being democratically elected . 
  are these blockades taking place on the ukrainian or crimean side ? 
  because if it 's on the ukrainian side ( which makes sense if part of the mainland is out ) , then ukraine should be dealing with them . 
  the alternative is russia sending in forces to deal with them , but ukraine wo n't want that . 
  so on one side you do n't want russia to interfere and on the other you 're saying it 's their problem . 
  the gas thing , while the article says it 's for non-payment ( which is normal for ukraine ) , i 'm not in any doubt it 's political over crimea but there are reasons . 
  any source for that claim ? 
   but it was mr clegg who won the loudest applause from the 500 students gathered in the famous oxford union not really a surprise or could be classed as winning , these students are pretty well known for their anti-ukip bias , having previously banned ukip from speaking there due to being `` racist '' . 
  it 's the country that is buying the oil from isis , so yes . 
  they also support turkmen groups near the border who are fighting assad . 
  you can call them `` moderate '' rebels but on the video of the dead pilot , they say `` we should have burned him alive '' . 
  none of the rebels in syria are moderate and russia is right to bomb all of them . 
  exactly right my friend !, 
  in the uk 60 % now want to leave the eu .
