  russia says nukes are n't the way to deal with sanctions and hopes he wo n't have to use them to lift the sanctions in future . 
   no , the sentiment of you and a few of your friends is pretty much statistically negligible . 
  the sentiment of business owners who make up the majority of business owners of that sector in a particular region are negligible ? 
   even assuming everything you say is true ( which i am not very inclined to believe , given your username and comment history ) til you ca n't like memes and run an it business . 
  visa free travel is the first step to visa free work . 
  sure , the thing is i meant it . 
  i 'm hung over and english is failing a bit today . 
  i mean low skilled people specifically , rather than the highly skilled . 
  but they 're few and far between , 1-2 thousand workers who are highly skilled from ukraine is nothing when ukraine will want to send a few 100,000 to eu . 
  i run a software development and consultancy business , and we hire over 30 staff . 
  i have friends who also have their own businesses and the sentiment is the same with them . 
  but i guess the feeling on the ground in norway is irrelevant eh ? 
  maybe low level jobs sure , but most people are sick of the migrants coming here , so companies including mine just are n't offering them work . 
  it 's why a lot of them are being paid to leave , there just are n't job prospects here in norway for migrants . 
  this is non-eu at the moment of course , but it will most likely extend to ukraine as well , since they are also unskilled peoples . 
   too bad norwegian companies are already hiring ukrainian professionals and you ca n't stop it . 
  what , 5 or 6 ukrainian professionals ? 
  well that proves your point , 6 exceptions out of thousands . 
  rest of europe is n't happy about having a bunch of self entitled leaches , who are ungrateful even when they have been provided for by another nation for decades . 
  who overthrow a democratically elected governments . 
  norway , for one , wo n't hire any ukrainians after this , we do n't hire foreigners anyway . 
  wikipedia has n't banned tor , it 's banned the collection of ip nodes , with an algorithm to capture more . 
  every tor update evades this ban . 
  that 's fine , ukraine will be part of russia again by mid 2016 . 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  is france also going to invent some brand new technology to block tor as well ? 
  not really complicated at all . 
  if you think mass murder can be justified in any way at all , you do n't belong in western society . 
  people in poland do n't want mass immigration or their culture destroying , this was offered and they got votes ... 
  i do n't see how this is a problem ? 
  they have no intention of accepting the migrants . 
  i read political climate as the atmosphere around the politics , so currently where the support is and what the electorate wants , rather than the atmosphere in parliament itself . 
  because if the latter , i have no idea , i ca n't speak polish so i do n't watch their parliament . 
  that does n't even make any sense . 
  why is putting its own citizens first a bad thing ? 
  are you seriously saying you support governments just ignoring its citizens concerns ? 
  we do n't have obey the majority of legislation passed through eu parliament . 
  only in regards to trade and we already meet the requirements . 
  in fact the legislation on fishing has benefited us for example . 
  so it 's hardly like we suffer . 
  i was commenting on the political climate rather than the system . 
  short of voting and electing people i do n't really know indepth how other countries systems work . 
  if the issue is important enough and no other party is acknowledging it , then what is the problem ? 
  either other parties accept this and adopt it into their policy , or they continue to ignore it and lose votes . 
  it 's not the same at all is it ? 
  i find a political climate that puts its own citizens first preferable to any that puts the interests of corporations and globalism ahead of the people who they are meant to serve . 
  this is n't true at all , both the nazi party and communist part had armed thugs intimidating voters during the 1932 election . 
  it 's the primary reason a law was brought in to limit what weapons these thugs could carry . 
  the fact a law existed in 1932 that specifically targeted them , show this was as democratic as an election in zimbabwe . 
  also about political climates as well . 
  my claims are unfounded because a source implicated a russian and a syrian ? 
  poland . 
  i 'm a nationalist and i can respect their nationalist view . 
  this will get downvoted but that 's my opinion , you can be a nationalist without being a nazi . 
  just a note on the criminal practices it goes into the use of cluster munitions and such . 
  russia and the us never signed the un resolution banning cluster munitions so both countries can use them without technically violating any laws . 
  it 's only illegal to use cluster munitions if you actually signed up to it . 
  russia have always used cluster munitions because civilian casualties are just collateral damage to them , in this i 'm not surprised . 
   russia has hours ago bombed azaz people are talking about this but no news sources yet ? 
  i think we 're going to remain an external trading partner ourselve . 
  but the eu is projected to take in another 3.6 million by end of next year and germany is soon to be the only country accepting them . 
  france 's prime minister announced they should n't be , i know it 's hollande 's call but le pen are on the rise and they wo n't accept them . 
  eastern europe is n't accepting any now , we 're definitely going to stop very soon , sweden is stopping as is denmark . 
  sure you can probably handle the current amount , but another few million ? 
  you can not endlessly take refugees and support them , the likely event is the german people who work to pay for them will revolt against this before the money runs out anyway . 
  or not , i get the impression most germans are too scared to be called racist to voice their opinions . 
   when can we expect the economic impact ? 
  and how will it look ? 
  eventually there will be a large deficit and germany will have to borrow to keep running , but this will keep building up to the point germany 's credit will begin to get slashed . 
  this will mean higher interest on borrowing , at a particular point in say 10 years , germany wo n't be able to borrow without austerity as per imf rules . 
  take germany 's internal economy aside for a second , think of the euro , the euro pretty much depends on germany , with france being the 2nd largest economy . 
  germany begins to require borrowing to keep its public . 
  the euro is going to suffer , then it 's going to fall once your credit is slashed . 
  as this will affect the whole eurozone it 's likely to have a much wider impact . 
  i 'm not an economist but i watch the news and know some things , but you ca n't accept millions of dependants without increasing tax income and not eventually run into difficulties . 
  you might not agree and that 's fine , we 'll see at some point . 
  for now , the economic impact is yet to come . 
  unless you 're really that naive to think it 's all instant . 
  good to know , i have saved this so if you complain about russia shooting a turkish jet down i 'll just bring it back up . 
  because ? 
  you think it 'd take more than 5 ? 
  how many targets do you think russia would have to hit to cripple turkey 's resistance ? 
   there is no such unanimous support ... 
  if you 're going to start making things up then stop replying to me . 
  i have no wish to delve into conspiracy theories . 
  every news interview with every military advisor . 
  you 're the one making it up , have you not seen any of these interviews ? 
  why comment if you 've not even been watching the news ? 
   perhaps a lot think turkish actions were over the line , but saying all from every major country is a massive over exaggeration ; frankly you 're speaking utter bullshit here . 
  well since the advisors of the us , germany , russia , uk and france on numerous news channels have said this was over the top reaction and should have been escalated diplomatically , i 'm going to go with what they say . 
   you literally just made some stuff up , and that stuff was about military advisor 's opinions ; not even facts ... look at your own arguments before you start picking mine apart . 
  military advisors are what are known as `` expert witnesses '' and their opinion is treated as fact in these cases . 
   clearly so , and if russia wants to continue to these strikes against turkmenistan tribes then they will have to accept fighter losses . 
  surely this is quite simple for you to understand ? 
  it 's not acceptable when turkey is meant to be fighting these groups too , as this was an alliance agreement at the g20 meeting . 
  at no point has turkey said , `` if russia fly their jets here we will shoot them down '' , this is a whole new development . 
   it was attacking turkish allies , turkmenistan tribes ... tribes fighting assad and armed with tow missiles ? 
   but it could have at least responded , or attempted to alter it 's course . 
  it did neither . 
  their response has n't been confirmed in any news article , you 're just assuming they did n't respond .
