governments often go against the people despite opposition . 
  austerity is a good example . 
   well , most of eu countries would have to deport huge numbers of its own citizens just based on ethnicity . 
  which is technologically possible ...  and you ask how is that wrong ? 
  are you trolling ? 
  why is it wrong , you 're deporting people to their ethnic homeland ? 
  just saying it 's wrong is n't a counter argument , base it on something . 
  why would someone from syria not be able to integrate back in syria ? 
  it 's a train carrying gold that is burried ... a little out of the remit of experts on rock composition ore deposits . 
  wait ... scientists ? 
  is n't this a job for historians or treasure hunters ? 
  which scientific field makes them an expert in this ? 
  you can put them anyway . 
  with the resources and technology we have , if we really really really tried we could put them on the moon . 
  my point is , it 's not impossible . 
  impossible , why ? 
  what part is impossible ? 
  i assure you it 's more than possible to do . 
  i just want to make ~ ~ america ~ ~ europe great again :(, 
  how is mass deportation wrong ? 
  why have you assumed i even mean genocide ? 
  there is a difference between relocation and genocide . 
  what do you think would stop them ? 
  if this was a western wide deportation , there 'd be no sanctions . 
  you 're deluded if you think it would be met with any possible resistance . 
  not saying it 's a good idea , but it 's definitely a choice . 
  with todays technology , how difficult do you really think it would be to remove 7 % of europe 's population ? 
  just with the free aircraft and ships we have we could deport over a million a week . 
   so its not like a choice or anything . 
  i assure you , it is a choice . 
  it could be reversed instantly at any time . 
  russia shut off the gas after some nutter blew up the electricity to crimea , they did n't stop buying it russia stopped it . 
  well ... 
  it is , supplier decides the price . 
  we are member of ec !, 
  it was on the front page of here . 
  doubtful , the nationalists greatly outnumber the leftists in poland , they 're not like france where the liberals out number for fn . 
  i saw a video a bit ago that showed antifa , as they do , try to take on a nationalist march in poland , and it did n't end well for antifa who were outnumbered about 1000 to 1 . 
  ok free gas is an exaggeration , but you do not pay for all , or at market price for the gas . 
  if you have enough gas that 's fine , but i 'm going off the article two weeks ago when russia stopped supplies and there was an outcry about it . 
  if you have the gas why would you be bothered ? 
  you ca n't hold russia responsible for his actions though , he was democratically elected . 
  if he embezzled the money it does n't matter , russia paid ukraine government , what they spent it on is n't russia 's problem . 
  if he did embezzle it then perhaps payment on proviso that he will be extradited to face embezzlement charges would be a good start . 
  russia wo n't agree to it , but at least ukraine would be seen as making some effort , just `` go fuck yourself '' is n't shining ukraine in a good light . 
  i just think well , how do we know we 'll get paid back if we lend your government money ? 
  2 weeks ago russia shut off the gas due to the electricity issue and there was uproar , so they must still be some what dependent . 
  in that case , ukraine should stop going on about it then , i 'm pretty sure if they asked for their debt writing off ( which they 're not going to pay anyway ) in exchange for recognising crimea as russian , they 'd probably get their debt written off . 
  but the sceptic in me thinks they want to both not to pay , get free gas and claim crimea as theirs . 
  ukraine . 
  ukraine are n't ever going to pay russia for anything , if i were russia i 'd just shut off the gas , shut down all freebies and just write to merkel saying `` you wanted them , they 're your problem now '' . 
  this `` we 're not going to pay '' bullshit is ridiculous , russia is under no obligation to take any financial hits anymore , ukraine want nothing to do with russia , fine , stand on your own two feet then . 
  i really ca n't stand people who feel entitled for things for free while being dicks to the people who give them it . 
  so you borrowed money , but believe you have no obligation to pay it back ? 
  gee , we should welcome you into the eu with open arms ... ^ / s, 
  ukraine has been bad this year , russia is santa and is delivering them coal for christmas . 
  edit : this sub is full of humor i see . 
  i do n't fall into that trap , i respond as above `` muslims are n't a race '' and force them to explain how it 's racist , which as above , they are unable to do so . 
  i 've been quite publicly called racist , it can be scary but if people ignored it more and threw it back , it 'd lose all its power anyway . 
  just the anecdote , i once had a muslim guy work for me , he wanted eid off but it not taken from holidays ( i let my staff have christmas off from 23rd december to which ever date in january without it coming out of their holiday allowance ) . 
  he said he needed 2 weeks so i allowed it , but on the basis if he was taking christmas off it had to come from his holidays . 
  i saw this as fair because it meant taking 3-4 days out of his holidays for christmas , where as he wanted 5 working days off for eid . 
  i thought i was being very fair , he was getting a better deal than the rest of the business . 
  but this apparently was n't fair , he said `` why should i have to take holidays over christmas if no one else does '' . 
  no amount of explaining my point worked . 
  so it got to the point i just said i did n't have to offer him eid without him taking it out of his holidays . 
  he then went on social media and accused me of racism for not letting him have both without it coming from his holidays ( this is something other companies do n't even offer ) . 
  i began getting abusive messages so i sacked him on the spot . 
  it went all over facebook ( or at least it seemed to , my inbox exploded ) and he took me to court , and he lost because i had n't broken any laws , had n't been racist and had in fact offered him more benefits than other staff . 
  so i know how scary it can be when you have tens of people threatening you and calling you a racist for no reason . 
  but you just have to stand up to them . 
   first , i 'm not the guy who talked about racists in the first place , sorry i did n't look . 
   second , who talked about trump ? 
  the first guy said `` stop all muslim immigration '' since that is the big thing at the moment from what trump said , i made a logical assumption . 
  sure we can . 
  but since my issue with you is you using a demeaning term to lesson an argument still stands . 
  you called people who want to stop immigration to muslims which in the words of trump were `` until the government gets a handle on things '' ie background checks that work , racist to belittle a valid opinion . 
  onto your issue of the immigration . 
  every country has the right to control its borders , if people want to stop immigration that is their right . 
  trump however said until background checks were sorted out , because in my opinion it 's absolutely idiotic to let anyone into your country without checks . 
  now , since he has n't mentioned throwing anyone out already there , just not letting them in , you 're merely leaping to the conclusion he wants to throw them out . 
  as for basic border checks , look at the eu . 
  they could have gotten a tank full of heroin into the schengen area with the lack of checks performed on anyone . 
  that was stupid , acknowledging terrorists could have gotten in is n't stupid or racist , because no one was checked . 
  they 're not , and racism is used incorrectly here too . 
  i can dislike islam openly , it 's an optional belief , i dislike it more than other religions ( which i dislike them all ) because of its need of reforming . 
  i 'm not racist , because i do n't care what color their skin is . 
  just because the majority of them are brown is coincidence in my dislike . 
  if 99 % of muslims were white , i would still dislike islam because of the violence . 
  i do n't see why i should be called racist for it . 
  it 's more than a technicality , if it 's not a race it is n't racism . 
  religion should be open to criticism , it 's a lot different than criticising someone 's skin colour . 
  so who decides what is tolerant and intolerant . 
  because being intolerant of people who do n't want mass immigration is just general intolerance . 
  who is to say being against open borders is the intolerance we should n't tolerate ? 
  the quote here is meaningless . 
  because it basically says `` we should be intolerant to intolerance we do n't like but our intolerance is ok '' . 
  it 's like being fine with having a dictator as long as they 're a dictator that supports your views . 
  it 's not really fine to have a dictator at all whether they support you or not . 
  muslims are n't a race .
