  you need some growing up to do if you think that the minefields and guard towers are the right thing to do . 
  i miss the iron curtain , it kept out a lot of riff-raff . 
  somebodies are `` cleaning up '' the house while there is shaky truce going on in the east . 
  on of the top three insults so far this year !, 
  top !, 
  watch your bikes y' all !, 
  the moffen are baaaack !, 
  i did not know that there was an oppressed russian minority in norway . 
  please , tell us about your struggle and the reality of it . 
  germany would implode at that much revelation of private data . 
  netherlands is in it for the money , not for the cause . 
  source : been living in amsterdam for last 5 years . 
  i see that your ignorance is not limited to the past , but also the present . 
  go ahead , continue with the ignorance , i know you can disgorge more ordure . 
  everything i need to post to illustrate your abysmal lack of historical knowledge has already been posted by you . 
  with your own posts showing just how little you know about historical facts , you need no enemies to do that for you !, 
  does this building pre-date wwii or has it been rebuilt after the war ? 
  gorgeous , it would not be out of place in amsterdam !, 
  your comments reveal your lack of historical knowledge . 
  i am an american , thus your question is irrelevant . 
  i respectfully disagree : i believe that `` special relationship '' denotes a close working relationship while `` lapdog '' indicates a sycophantic relation of a poltroonish underling with his master . 
  my apologies . 
  xd he should 've added von und zu when he added bach , that old pole , hahahahaha ... 
  there is an enormous difference between that obvious and undeniable `` special relationship '' between the former motherland and a former colony and `` uk is us ' lapdog '' tripe ... 
  it is beyond debate that the us and uk are very close politically and militarily , just like the rest of the anglo-saxon countries are ( five eyes , lol ) . 
  on the other side , calling uk `` us ' lapdog '' is not an objective or an accurate statement . 
  it is a political statement intended to tarnish the nature and diminish the value of the relationship between those two countries . 
  so no , uk is not a lapdog of the us . 
  in fact , that sort of language sounds like the language soviets used to disparage the uk . 
  i went to a gymnasium that was the left `` hochburg '' in the city and everything was taught through that lens . 
  do n't get me wrong , a whole lot of stuff was left unsaid , but that is the way most if not all countries deal with their own shitapples . 
  russians do n't teach about katyn forest , germans do n't teach about von bach-zelewski and americans do n't teach about my lai . 
  after getting my abitur with one of the leistungskursen being history , i respectfully disagree despite your point having decent validity to it : we have learned a plenty of historical facts that are bona fide evidence why europe should be careful with russia and why europe should be preparing to defend itself against russian expansionism and irredentism . 
  yeah , we have not learned the details of how dirlewanger et al have quelled the warsaw uprising or the logistics behind nazi conquest of benelux , however , the aggressive nature of all russian relationships with its ' european neighbors was plain to see . 
  i have proven you wrong and you are proving yourself wrong as well , yet your answer is typical of dishonest debaters : when you people are provided with an example that blows your argument out of the water you start mewling `` that does n't count !, 
  need moar examples ! '', 
  excuse me , / u/lowdiscrepancy has made the claim that the uk is the us lapdog without elaborating . 
  it is on him to show why that ordure of the statement is correct . 
  the burden of proof is on him . 
  but , i will entertain your yanqui self-hating rear and use the example of the ghouta nerve gas attacks where uk bailed out on the us intent to bomb assad 's forces . 
  thank for confirming your stellar abilities . 
  i will leave your comments vouch for your historical knowledge of history . 
  i appreciate your well wrought out and even better written reply . 
  you should 've had geschichte leistungskurs homie . 
   uk is us ' lap dog . 
  oh please , that worn out trope is crock of baloney and you know it . 
  please tell me how are opinions of a finance minister about financing defense irrelevant ? 
  well , us citizenship can be taken away for a small number of very specific crimes : lying on the application for it , crimes against humanity or war crimes . 
  also , only people with dual citizenships will have their us one stripped away , single citizenships people will not have their us one taken away . 
  it takes a federal judge to make such a decision and that former kz guard , demjanjuk had his us citizenship stripped after it became known that he was a kz guard , a nazi and that he had lied on the citizenship application . 
  further , some bosnian serbs got kicked out of the us and had their citizenship stripped because they were complicit in war crimes in the balkan wars of 1990s . 
  the us throws a book at you in a different way , notably very long imprisonment sentences - like several decades long . 
  in this sort of a situation , i can see all of them having to go to jail until they turn 21 and then some sort of like 10 year probation afterward . 
  seems like germany got itself into quite a pickle there with no end in sight . 
  how about protection of the populace from these criminals ? 
  and what happens to the judge should they re-offend ? 
  debtors prisons . 
  not even the us throws people in jail for debts . 
  it does not have to be mental illness , but we have to make sure that they are not mentally ill so that we can mete out an appropriate sentence . 
  / u/naekro is too fast and too loose with his mental illness talk . 
  if they only have a german citizenship , they can not be deported nor stripped of their german citizenship . 
  if they have a dual citizenship , then the german one can be taken away from them and they can be deported after serving the sentence . 
  that does not matter as long as they can tell the difference between right and wrong which they undeniably showed . 
  http://img.pandawhale.com/124622-ronaldo-the-jews-did-this-gif-0snt.gif / s, 
  how do you know she has been making pressure on the ecuadorian government ? 
  how do you know she is escalating said pressure ? 
  how do you know that the ecuadorian government is in contact with hillary ? 
  how do you know that the ecuadorian government has relented to the outside pressure ? 
  all of what you said is nowhere ** near ** likely , let alone certain . 
  you are making suppositions without an iota of evidence from reliable sources . 
  that is why i am calling your statements a conspiracy theory . 
  all personal conjecture , no reliable evidence . 
  we are on what , 5th or 6th batch of released emails by now . 
  do n't you think that she would 've sprung in the action after the first one , were she so darn capable ? 
  note that i did not call you a conspiracy theorist , merely called your suggestion a conspiracy . 
  nor will they ever deliver anything as they do not want to self-incriminate . 
  let 's assume for a second that your conspiracy is somehow real : why would she wait until now and not do this before any emails were dropped ? 
  facts . 
  valid points indeed . 
  anyone who is saying that russian propaganda and western media are of equal value is not worth having time wasted on them . 
  again , one needs no arguments to refute the value of rt and spitnik . 
  just look at their `` coverage '' of the plane the russians shot down over ukraine . 
  i rest my case . 
  he has been talking to vova for a while now , betcha anything this is where the idea came from . 
   rt is a definettive source of propoganda , by the same logic you could name most of the us media or western media in general . 
  positively not . 
  absolutely not . 
  compared to rt and spitnik , fn is the paragon of virtue . 
  sssr fell apart as soon as the threat of brutal repression was off the table . 
  today there are a plenty of ethnicities that no longer want to be with russia . 
  chechens , dagestanis and tatars come to mind and only a threat of naked violence keeps them in check . 
  the same goes for china , uyghurs , tibetans and mongolians have been chafing under peking rule . 
  some have started fighting back and china has been going retrograde under xi jinping to the point that they are a proper dictatorship now . 
  as you can see there are things that can blow up in moscow 's and peking 's faces really easy . 
  if they continue to be the enemies of the us , that is exactly what will happen to them . 
  russia will fall apart and china will be truncated by losing turkestan and tibet . 
  the real question is how many years and decades of misery are you willing to endure just to prove a point . 
  nothing else can be expected from putin 's regime !, 
  uk just want to be a fly in the ointment for no other reason than to piss off the rest of europe . 
  is there a way to speed up the brexit from our side without waiting for the britishers ?
