  shall we compare ourselves to the benighted muscovy ? 
  i find it ironic that the same people who were oppressed and have been escaping their own countries to save their skins are the same people who are clamoring for less refugees and christians only . 
  as for theirs or anyone else 's national pride , whatever that might be , i really could not care less if i hurt it . 
  the history of that sort of pride in europe is long , bloody and full of genocides . 
  the bottom line is that how europe treats refugees today is how it will treat its citizens tomorrow . 
  do all of you choose to insult people on the internet by default ? 
  this is not about the west , this is about orban and his runny mouth . 
   first off , fuck you . 
  second off yes orban is a shit politician , but what european politician is coming up with anything that sounds reasonable no one . 
  thank you / u/jravihun . 
  keep in mind that your language is really convincing and make me understand your stance . 
  like 100 % . 
  so estonia is asking for help to deal with russia , but when people ask for help from estonia they get firebombed ? 
  orban is a two-bit bumpkin who is trying on an outmoded brownshirt that is clearly about 3 sizes too big for him . 
  sometimes i miss the iron curtain , it kept the riff-raff out . 
  them western european fools be actin ' like their shit do n't stink . 
  yeah , balkans is an entirely different planet , where beings based on silicon live . 
  they are so alien and unlike us that they require temperatures in an excess of 1200 degrees for `` life '' which is not really life as we know it at all . 
  hence , balkans , no sane person can understand . 
  you are retarded . 
  globalresearch.ca ? 
  excellent source there buddy . 
  hey , i got a bridge for sale . 
  really cheap too , i will hook you up . 
  hey there two week old account with axes to grind , hello to you too . 
  do you have any arguments or are you mindlessly regurgitating some random quote you read on the internet ? 
  what do you know of it , wretch . 
  it is spelled yankee , thankyouverymuch , after your fellow countrymen jans and keeses , lolz . 
  i also appreciate your hospitality , very traditional and historic no doubt . 
  and i bet my dad can beat up your dad . 
  stop embarrassing yourself . 
  so where do they live now that they have all the oil ? 
  the proverbial arabs you mention . 
  i do not envy neither you nor your orthography . 
  are your punctuation and capitalization better in fraktur ? 
  ah , i see : you are using your civilized and traditional debating skills to prove me wrong and bring me closer to your stance . 
  very classy of you , herr jozef7 . 
   arabs had oil for centuries , without it they lived in desert . 
  wait , what ? 
   it took the europeans for arabs to start and prosper where did you go to school ? 
   africans dont want to work all africans do n't want to work ? 
  all of them ? 
  that dimwitted ? 
  or is it esl ? 
  yeah , the old standby `` i did not do anything bad the world back then so i get to do it now . '', 
  i meant that you as a retard are evidently capable of identifying fellow retards . 
  got nothin ' to do with yanks , hun . 
  i see . 
  what you meant is refugees and not economic migrants . 
  plenty of people in egypt and ksa who are genuinely in danger of death and torture in those two countries , at the hands of their own governments . 
  why would anyone with a functioning brain go to those two countries when there are much better places to be reached ? 
  you are the one throwing unknown terms around so i have to ask you for their meaning . 
  i do not want to assume anything and start criticizing you for dumb ass statements before you had a chance to explain what you mean . 
  so , what is a `` true '' refugee ? 
  maybe it is the france who should take note ** s ** about what is happening on her streets and in her cities . 
  if someone has been to syria recently , has a history of extremism and is being on the list of any eu/allied intelligence services : they need to be arrested today , all of them . 
  divvy them up between the countries of their citizenship and jail them . 
  if a non-eu citizen , jail them in the country where they were arrested . 
  if some are legal eu-residents , throw them into jail and revoke their residency . 
  have them serve 20 years before deporting them . 
  until we start actively dismantling the underground railroads to and from syria ( or any other hotbed of islamist lunacy ) , we will keep on seeing horror shows like this one . 
  what is a `` true '' refugee as opposed to a non-true refugee ? 
  takes one to know one . 
  you do know that one is in throes of its own civil unrest while the other is a medieval theocratic gender-based apartheid ? 
  to expect those shitholes to be leaders in anything good is to be either willfully ignorant or terribly naive . 
  how much of african and pakistani wealth has been drained off by the european colonial powers while they were making `` europe great '' ? 
  why are you comparing europe to those two countries ? 
  see , we agree almost 100 % . 
  well , that is nice of you not to think so . 
  and kudos to you for saying that even a federation of states can have a bad immigration policy . 
  federate , form a federalized border protection force that would entail strict border patrols both on our borders and abroad ( like for example libya ) , combine it with a distributive immigration system that would allow agreed upon numbers of legal immigrants in , beneficiaries of which would be obligated to integrate - language , culture , work ethics . 
  i am afraid that we are on the threshold of backslide in the european integration . 
   then what leads you to your original conclusion , if you see the success with which the dutch manage their society ? 
  look at what is going on in the mediterranean and in the balkans ; the netherlands is far west and deep in the schengen area . 
  the people who are desperately trying to run away from war , violence and poverty will eventually reach the westernmost europe as well . 
  the problems facing us , if left unaddressed , will bring chaos to the dutch model as well - it is only matter of time . 
  i do not want to see the good way of life we have here go away ; not because of new immigrants , but because the eu fell apart . 
   well then why did you present it as one of only two options ? 
  opening statement , homie , opening statement . 
  the eu will not fall apart because of the immigration , but due to its ' own unwillingness to evolve into the european federation . 
  funny you mention amsterdam , where i have been living for the past 4 + years not far from the jordaan . 
  anyways , to say that the eu will fall apart because of immigration is to oversimplify and dumb down the real issues we are facing . 
  what is happening at the greek borders and all over the mediterranean is only one crisis that is facing us . 
  eu must show more solidarity with their southern member states , shore up its ' borders and start exerting controls over the access to the inner eu . 
  once that is done , spread the immigrants fairly across the eu and get them integrated asap . 
  genuine curiosity here : could you please elaborate on the differences between the two approaches you mention ? 
  care to bring an argument against or for my statement ? 
  nobody but you . 
  that tells us enough about you , mr urban jr. 
  who 's talking about the `` white european empire '' beside you ? 
  european disunity is the main cause of the most problems plaguing europe right now . 
  eu needs to become the united states of europe asap , form one border force , shut down the borders and start metering the access into the eu . 
  present day middling and mincing is just making everything worse , and we are one catastrophe away from a mass wave of migrants washing up on the southern shores of the europe . 
  lol !, 
  europe can either form a solid and unified front in the face of the new migration , or it can fall apart and be on the receiving end of the millions of desperate people climbing over the walls . 
  all of these issues go back to the eu being far too slow in becoming the united states of europe which is the only way to prevent regression into the old days and ways . 
   i think i 've seen more of the us than most americans . 
  just stop right now . 
   if it meant zero illegals then yes , minefields and guard towers would do . 
  had the eu been of your own opinion , slovenija woould still be on the outside , looking hungrily in .
