  you are a history major and yet you are equivocating 300 years of the north american history with 30-year long rule of stalin ? 
  again , naming a major city after the second worst murderer and tyrant in the whole history is a horrible decision and reeks of chauvinism . 
  you do not sweep atrocities under the rug ? 
  i do n't see you mentioning holodomor , chechevitsa and other population transfers , katyn , ethnic cleansing of the eastern europe , invasion of the poland ... . only things you mention are those done by the us in the 19th century . 
  your `` arguments '' reek of bias and anti-americanism , comrade . 
  seems to me that you are neglecting one major aspect of being a historian : neutrality . 
  your defense of stalin is evidence that you are horribly undereducated when it comes to history . 
  your attempts at whataboutism reveal how lacking you are when it comes to debating . 
  the topic of the thread is the fact that russians are willing to name one of their cities after one of the worst murderers and criminals in the history of humankind . 
  you are trying to say that we have no right to criticize that because us did something bad centuries ago . 
  you are throwing a word `` genocide '' with such frequency that it makes obvious your misunderstanding of it . 
  if you want to debate what has happened to american natives , i 'd be glad to do so . 
  if you want to debate columbus and what he did , i would be happy to debate it with you . 
  i have no problems acknowledging historical facts . 
  you do have a problem acknowledging how bad stalin was and the horrible shit he did . 
  you are defending stalin . 
  that is all i have to say . 
  french did not start that battle , did not fought that battle and did not kill people like russians did at the behest of yossif jughashvili . 
  shitty comparison . 
  even if i ignore your dinky attempt at whataboutism , comrade , stalin is still worse than all of the above people and their misdeeds you mention . 
  columbus lived 5 centuries ago , washington lived over two centuries ago . 
  stalin , the ally of hitler , killed dozens of millions a few decades ago . 
  suck it recreationally , recreational . 
  have fun defending your `` republic '' and let us know how it turns out for you . 
  nobody is going ballistic , we are merely judging . 
  it is a russian city and the citizens of that city are welcome to make a decision about what their city is named . 
  on the other hand , we are free to make our own conclusions about a place populated by people who choose to name it after one of the worst butchers that humanity has ever seen . 
  action , meet reaction . 
  plenty of people said that about w as well . 
  you do not have nukes . 
  us has their own nukes on your soil . 
  uk and france have nukes . 
  nato has nukes - no us , no nato . 
  federalized europe that is the us ally ; prosperous , stable superstate responsible for its ' own defense ? 
  no shit sherlock . 
  what an awful flag , nothing good will come out of this . 
  the history of winning ? 
  not every western european country has such history - just look at germany . 
   not to mention the fact that i am an eastern european who has immigrated to the us and now i am holding dual us/eu citizenship . 
  all nationalism is based on the blut und boden . 
  all . 
  it seems to me like you got to make a choice : your government pays the doctors more to stay , or you import medical personnel from poorer countries , or your medical system suffers and people in your countries do not get medical care they need . 
  when i am sick , even with cold and flu , i do no care who helps me - be they black , arab , jewish , asian , maori - i could care less as long as they help me . 
  welcome to the real life , you will have to adapt or suffer . 
  ah , the old blut und boden trope . 
  as long as you believe it , it will be perpetrated . 
  as long as it is perpetrated , you will be on the losing side of history . 
  that simple . 
  that sounds like a problem for the country z. 
  they should consider doing something about it . 
  pay them more . 
  that is an option that could complement the program . 
  test their skills and have them certified if they meet your country 's standards ? 
  what is wrong with asian and african doctors for you not to want them ? 
  time to change that and adapt to the facts on the ground . 
  make sure that their training is up to the local standards and combine their work permit and residency conditional on them staying in the country and practicing medicine . 
  do what the germans do to you : import doctors from the countries that are poorer than you . 
  plenty of doctors in asia and africa that would love to emigrate to europe . 
  how about building something new and successful instead of breaking up an already successful company ? 
  sigmar is just pandering to his already weak base - spd is a junior partner in the great coalition . 
  they got to do something to try to differentiate themselves from cdu , which has been increasingly harder and harder following gazprom gerd . 
  hahahaha , so true !, 
  wan na talk smack about what one 's country did in the past ? 
  we can play that game , mr. italia . 
  people in your country still make monkey sounds and throw bananas on the pitch when black players appear . 
  and what did that lega nord asshole said about the first black italian minister a few months back ? 
  we can go way , way back and rehash what your country and your people did in africa and balkans , mr. italia . 
  hey , we never went full retard like your country did . 
  you people still want to steal istria from croatia . 
  sure thing buddy , lose an argument and resort to bullshit . 
  you sure showed me what 's up . 
  no komrade , you are lying . 
  whataboutism does not apply here . 
  cute backtracking , too bad it 's too late . 
  just stop . 
  you are defending a country that was mass killing millions of people and digging mass graves before nazis ever did any of that . 
  and you are comparing it to the us . 
  just stop , it 's embarrassing !, 
  yeah , the us made a pact with nazis and butchered poland right after that , massacring many thousands and dumping them into mass graves shortly thereafter . 
  jamesmcm , your post is bad and you should feel bad about it . 
  how about you fuck yourself for a good measure ? 
  go be educated elsewhere , mouthbreather . 
  naw naw , you have never dealt with german ' arrogance . 
  it is fun to call them out on their shortcomings , they flip out . 
  just look at their comments in this thread . 
  what is your point ? 
  this is an english speaking subreddit - use english . 
  if you are not that well versed in english , do n't try to talk shit because you will get called out on it . 
  it is that simple . 
  when you come talking shit , you best come foolproof because you will get called out for every single thing . 
  that is not the point . 
  if you come to an english subreddit , write english . 
  when i go to a german speaking subreddit , i will write german . 
  i have never heard of that , please provide sources for that connection . 
  what you are convinced of is irrelevant , just as you yourself are irrelevant . 
  weaksauce . 
  you are talking without knowing what in the world you are talking about . 
  insults ? 
  you have a nice day , unknown internet person . 
  i am fucking serious , `` dude '' .
