  `` ba '' is an abbreviation of `` bolan '' i believe . 
  the fact that switzerland is everything germany dreams about being . 
  even their trains run on time all the time . 
  `` except other homosexuals . 
  of which we have none in russia . '', 
  or imagine being a cab driver ?!, 
  i 'd road rage the second day and probably run over someone . 
  i am just happy that i can get everywhere around amsterdam on my bike , 20 min or less , and that i do not have to drive any more . 
  the only time i take metro is when it 's raining sideways and the best time to bike is right after a fresh snowfall . 
  it took a bit of getting used to living here , being from texas , lol . 
  one look at the map of amsterdam 's city center will give you the hint why : http://www.planetware.com/i/map/nl/amsterdam-map.jpg the combination of narrow , one way streets everywhere that have been built prior to the arrival of the car , and the fact that amsterdam was spared any bombing in wwii makes for a cramped city when you combine pedestrians , trams , cars and bikes . 
  having cars in amsterdam is a luxury and a problem for everyone ( including the car owners ) . 
  i wish they would ban private cars from the city completely . 
  esl-induced case of foot-in-mouth . 
  them having all rights is the bottom line : serbs in croatia should be able to live free from fear , that is why the croatian state needs to deal harshly with anyone stoking ethnic friction . 
  your explanations sound like excuses from this angle , my good sir . 
  you merely sidestepped my question . 
  serbs are a minority in croatia and deserve all human rights and protections just like croatians do . 
  people who break signs like this should be warned first , if they do not cease and desist then they should be charged with hate crime . 
  i have no patience for the retards who do this kind of dumb shit , be they from croatia or serbia . 
  do the people who busted those signs hate serbs so much that even the sight of the cyrillic alphabet is enough to offend them ? 
  they are idiots because they are breaking the property of the state they fought for and which they paid for with their own tax money . 
  the fact that a democratic croatia can display such signage without any worry about its ' own identity shows that it is an independent and progressive country . 
  few retards should not be allowed to stain that image . 
  also , the signs had the sahovnica on it as well - yet they broke it . 
  idiots , straight up . 
  wwii in the former yugoslavia was more or less a civil war with germans and italians ( plus some hungarians , romanians and bulgarians ) thrown in . 
  most deaths came from the internecine conflict of the `` yugoslavs '' and not at the hands of the germans and italians . 
  i am trying to say that the 90s ' episode is not unique at all , but rather the rule in balkans . 
  that is all . 
  pavelic , mihailovic , nedic , ljotic ... do you need more names ? 
  good . 
  croatia should take care of the idiots damaging the public property their taxes paid for . 
  if balkans had an iota of pragmatism , 1941-45 and 1991-99 would 've never happened . 
  and it was lost on april 10 , 1941 . 
  you have been accepted into the eu , follow the letter of the law , do not allow the blackshirts wannabes to soil croatian achievements by behaving like fucking idiots . 
  i agree with you 100 % , it is just that the word `` serbianism '' does not exist anywhere except in the minds of retarded nationalists . 
  serbianism does not exist neither as a word nor as an idea . 
  also , you are considered a part of the civilized world now , try to act as such . 
  wtf is `` serbianism '' ? 
   i propose to eliminate physics from our energy generators just as we should eliminate chemicals from our food !, 
  wait , what ? 
  proud of being an asshole ? 
  fuck you , you piece of shit . 
  sorry , could not watch the video right this moment . 
  but here is a classic one as well : http://youtu.be/bsvd5sm_ui4 good for you : can them and sell them bundesweit , ja !, 
  of course it was recognized by you guys because you were on the receiving end of it . 
  i am not defending stalinism or its ' numerous crimes . 
  all i am saying that despite everything stalin did , he was not as bad as hitler was . 
  that is all i am saying . 
  hey , the sun will rise in the east tomorrow morning !!, 
  police brutality is the business police is in , as anyone who has been to gorleben or on maitag will tell you . 
  state has the monopoly on violence and that is it . 
  what else is new in your world today ? 
  water is wet ? 
  farts stink ? 
  there is rather contentious debate whether holodomor was actually a genocide or not , and it has not been settled until today . 
  the very fact that it has not been settled amongst historians , as opposed to the situation with the holocaust , is an indicator that it was not systematic attempt to murder a whole nation . 
  this is a thread about your former client state turning back to its old ways , not an anti-american circlejerk . 
  oh i agree that stalin was indeed bad . 
  i did mention the two of the worst things he did . 
  however , there is no such thing as holocaust done by soviets . 
  they never went genocidal on anyone , that is a fact . 
  do you have any real arguments , or shall we end this ? 
  how about those right-wing nuts killing immigrants over damn near a decade ? 
  it is obvious that your comprehension skills are lacking . 
  try again , you will get it . 
  do you have any arguments or do you just want to spill out some more anti-american angst ? 
  culture and romania ? 
  culture died in romania in 275 ad . 
  and it is still dead . 
  it seems that some eastern european `` fascists by tradition '' have not been re-educated properly by the soviets . 
  that is unfortunate . 
  had the american been so lax with the western european `` fascists by tradition '' , the europe would look very differently now . 
  so you presume things as expected . 
  selective memory , i see . 
  if you want to judge the america as a state , you should take into consideration all of it , not only the parts of its ' history that further your myopic stance . 
  as a fact we are not only western , but ** westernmost ** as well homie . 
  we are so dangerous , are n't we ? 
  that is why you come and say such things about the bad and evil america on an american website , using american-invented technology , speaking a language that america has made a worldwide lingua franca . 
  all without fear of polonium sushi . 
  read the comment by u/yuriogul where he said that the us is enemy of humankind . 
  my counterargument was that to say such a thing about a country as big as the us with its ' size and population is one hell of a brush to describe it . 
  not to mention incorrect . 
  that is the size argument you found so questionable . 
  it would be like me saying that all romanians are stinking , tooth-gaped gypsy criminals who steal kids and maim them so that they can beg . 
  are you ? 
  had you bothered to see what has started this sub-thread , you would have found that u/yurigoul painted the whole usa as the enemy of humanity . 
  a rather big brush to paint a country bigger than the eu and which has 320m people , dontcha think . 
  hence the argument about the size . 
  no organized death camps whose sole purpose was the extermination of a whole nation . 
  neither holodomor and chechevitsa are not comparable to holocaust . 
  your selective reading just went from cute to dumb . 
  read the whole paragraph and come back to me . 
  dude , romania was considered a hellhole even by the warsaw pact standards !, 
  if it was not for the eu mercy cashflow to you , it would have taken a century to erase all the vestiges of ceausescu . 
  how much do i know about romania ? 
  you mean between the fact that you guys have vacillated between 4 different systems of state in less than 100 years , that you are one of the poorest and most corrupt countries in the eu - not to mention export of organized crime to the rest of the europe . 
  what more is there to know ? 
  bran castle , vlad tepes and the iron guard ?
