  dutch seem to have started in 2000 , it is safe to assume that the us started with that in 2001 . 
  the rest of the dates and countries are , as of yet , merely unpublished names and dates . 
  we 've reached a point where we can safely say that you are an idiot . 
  an american here and not only do i know where it is , i have been there and worked with estonians . 
  you are a fool for stereotyping people you do not know . 
  they are doing the same damn thing the us agencies are doing . 
  let 's be honest though : the people have the government they deserve , especially in bosnia . 
  i am willing to bet that all of this has been done with the consent and cooperation of the european governments . 
  hear hear : i am very happy to see hrvatska making such progress !, 
  good to see that the eu is finally curbing chinese abuses of the trade . 
  god !, 
  the stench they spread !, 
  the turd should be drowned as soon as possible ; but no - you tun around and there it is , staring at you , steaming . 
  i can examine my turds while they are floating in the water , thankyouverymuch . 
  i 'd rather sleep 10 minutes longer than have a breakfast . 
  where do i sign up for this \u0161ljiva fest ?!? 
   i hope it stays that way . 
  let me know how that turns out for you . 
  the us is most likely influencing individual eu states to various degrees but there is no evidence of it yet . 
  the bottom line is that this is european problem , first and foremost , and it will not be solved at the european borders but in syria and libya . 
  will the eu rise to the occasion or not , remains to be seen . 
  notice that i did not raise any points against that statement ? 
  remember that answer you just gave . 
  go on and waste somebody else 's time with your shitliners . 
  why do you compare yourself to the worst of the worst ? 
  `` at least we do n't kill them in the open '' is a terrible argument for the state of affairs . 
  i find it amazing that you are unable to understand that argument . 
  compare yourself to the developed world , and see what remains to be done in order to reach a fully developed and a mature civic society with equality for all . 
  no need to explain anything to me , thank you very much . 
  you are welcome to raise chaff into air and resort to insults , the facts remain evident : eastern europe is 30 years behind the times and it remains a pitifully prejudiced and racist places in the western world . 
  fact . 
  you are entitled to your opinion , regardless of its ' lack of quality, 
  dual us-eu citizen , thankyouverymuch . 
  i am glad to see that you have set a high bar to compare yourself to , a shiite theocracy . 
  it all boils down to the fact that had the western europe thought the way eastern europe does , not a single country from the former communist bloc would be in the eu today . 
  well , they should be known as such . 
  how about realizing that you are intolerant of the other ? 
  dude , there are 400000 poles in the uk . 
  plenty of brits want your people out of the uk because they are not british . 
  should they be kicked out too ? 
  so discrimination only counts if there is a death penalty for the offense ? 
  thank you . 
  i find it bitterly ironic to see the eastern europeans asking for help in the shape of more nato troops because of the big bad russian bear breathing down their necks while at the nearly the same time denying help to those in need . 
  help that they can afford without any issues . 
  the irony . 
  yes . 
  your point ? 
   as long as the syrian refugees are practising muslims , they are incompatible with non-muslim european countries . 
  yeah , people are unable to learn and adapt and conform to their environment . 
  way to issue a blanket statement . 
  the resistance and vehemence with which some of the eastern european people have reacted to this humanitarian crisis serves to shed an illuminating light onto the eastern europe . 
  the only reason why the refugees have been dismissed out of hand is due to the ethnic and racial intolerance of the wide swaths of the eastern european populace . 
  it was there before , as we know what is happening with lgbt and roma people - that was sort of hush-hush , but now it is all out in the open . 
  nobody can force you to love or accept anyone , but do n't be surprised when you are known as such . 
  again , to say the the syrian refugees are incompatible with eastern europe is a crock of shit based on lies , prejudices and plain racism . 
  eu was all nice when the eastern block was getting cash and schengen access , but now when it is time to actually carry the burden , they squeal `` but mah culture ! '', 
  i like how you twist my words and how you are utterly missing my point . 
  re-read the whole thread , understand my point and come back to me . 
  killing or jailing is not the whole extent of what is considered discrimination . 
  just look at the history of gay pride parades in the eastern europe and you should see an immediate pattern . 
  here is a proper list generated by the eu itself ( pdf warning ) : http://ecpr.eu/filestore/paperproposal/c6f365c3-025d-41e3-809d-172390f5ba9e.pdf so , it seems that the eastern europe is not the hotbed of the civic society and the tolerance that the barbarians ate the gates are about to destroy . 
  we do n't have to kill all of them , just the most capable ones and the ones that crow too much . 
  if anyone kills because of what the other person said or wrote , well , they should not be surprised if their life is forfeit . 
  this is how you get yourself on a drone list . 
  once you kill in accordance with your own list , this is how you get yourself droned . 
  thank you for the elaborate response . 
  just a quick question : since when does the public in eastern europe accept gay rights ? 
  i like how you call an absolutist monarchy a `` legitimate and rightful government '' . 
  goes to show you how ill informed you are . 
  the bottom line as it relates to the issue of catalonia is that any one sided declaration of independence would result in the catastrophe for the separatists . 
  your own country , ukraine , is the best recent example of it . 
  if transnistria , abkhazia , or ossetia are any indicators , you are in for a rough ride . 
  it is nice to speak your own language ( which was not banned by ukraine ) , but let me see how that language is going to feed you and your family . 
  truth hurts , and then you try to subvert it . 
  have fun living under putin . 
  how has he been `` set up '' to fail when he went into politics on his own ? 
  his own marxist mouth set him up to fail , by promising the pie in the sky while having empty pockets . 
  agreed on the first part , but not on the second one . 
  nukes no longer symbolize belonging to the big boys ' club - the ability to crater the opponent 's economy is the true modern hallmark of a global power . 
  us , eu and china , that is the extent of the present day global powers . 
  to paraphrase mccain , russia is merely a gas station masquerading as a country . 
  that makes sense indeed . 
  it would be very hard to argue against the russian plan that would entail assad stepping down and some sort of a transitional government which would follow . 
  remove assad , eliminate is and get under un aegis as a way to be legitimate peacekeeping forces . 
  russia and putin would gain much needed global acceptance and good will following their debacle in ukraine . 
  saudis and gulf states would be willing to negotiate oil prices if putin gets rid of assad . 
  i must add that this is wishful thinking on my part . 
  the climate would have been so different that there would most likely be no europeans as we know them . 
  it would most likely be tundra with few if any inhabitants , just like northern siberia . 
  what you did in the eastern ukraine is become putin 's lick-spittle , separatists and war criminals . 
  enjoy living in a frozen conflict zone while the rest of the world passes you by . 
  meanwhile putin is sending troops , airplanes and materiel into syria trying to play games with the big boys . 
  how much money will that cost ? 
  there would have been no british empire nor any talk of brexit . 
  most us readers are unfamiliar with the makeup of hungarian society hence a bit of education for them . 
  did you have your coffee yet ? 
  if not , do so post haste . 
  are you being serious ? 
  i have incredibly hard time taking your statement seriously . 
  if we were to judge by the likes of you , i 'd say not enough .
