  that does not give you the right to go around destroying the churches . 
  two bad deeds do not equal one right . 
  do not try to justify destruction of religious objects of the minorities in your country . 
  ever . 
  by that logic , can all catholic churches can be destroyed worldwide because of the vatican 's concordate with hitler . 
  just like anywhere else in europe pretty much . 
  when ashcroft covered the bare breasts of the statues in the us justice department building , there was an outpouring of ridicule targeting his lack of art appreciation and aesthetic sensibilities . 
  he ordered them covered because he was a very conservative religious person . 
  it is very ironic to see the ( almost ) same move done by the exact opposite part of the political spectrum . 
  what is wrong with all these people ?!, 
  what is wrong with artistic presentation of human anatomy !? 
  it 's not like they had brazzers posters all over the place !, 
  you are an awful person , troll . 
  also , reddit as a whole is an american site . 
  what does that do to your teenage insecurities ? 
  troll elsewhere . 
  lol at / u/freejulianassangenow redditor for 19 days . 
  regardless who they put up , russia will remain a second-rate power stuck in the past . 
  who 's statue will be coming up next ? 
  blokhin 's ? 
  jesus , russia , come back to your senses !, 
  that 's how it was done in my family . 
   you 're just sad balija . 
  beautiful . 
  have you learned that ethnic slur from your parents ? 
  an honest conversation , at last . 
   never be ashamed of what you are , optimus , no need to deceive yourself or us . 
  i have sussed you out just who you are in your very first comment , i know your kind . 
  either way , your ethnic slurs you hurled at me are wrong - i am not a bosniak . 
  good for you . 
  now get lost . 
  you just regret it being in serbia . 
   i do n't argue using chemical weapons against ethiopians was okay . 
  it was n't . 
  neither was nuking the japanese . 
  of course nuking your allies was not good for you . 
  overall , it was a horrible but necessary thing . 
  remember , it did not only stop the japanese , but also stopped the soviets from turning you into their satellite , they were in austria already . 
   maybe americans can teach us out of their extensive historical experience as a nation . 
  sure thing , we are one of the oldest continuously sovereign states in the world . 
  how many systems of government has italy tried in last 100 years ( and sucked at every single one ) ? 
   you are stupid as fuck cute . 
  lose the argument and resort to insults . 
   the continent would n't have started a war , especially after ww2 . 
  to wit , balkans in 1990s . 
   europe may be nationalistic and racially intolerant but that is none of your business and also this is our fucking home we can treat it however we so desire . 
  you can not . 
  you have done so twice and have fucked over the whole world . 
  we will not allow that to happen again . 
  you know what will help us with that ? 
  our bases and nukes we store and have on your soil . 
  you lost the war and now you are our bitch . 
  no way out of without us approving it first . 
   in summation you should get off of / r/europe because you obviously dislike europe just like i dislike america . 
  that is not how it works hoss . 
  your strawman is weak just like the rest of your `` arguments '' . 
  you are welcome to share your opinions wherever you desire , including this us based website we call reddit . 
  i will do the same regardless of your wishes . 
  once again , learn some history before you come debating . 
  edit : formattings . 
   so nuking them was okay ? 
  yes . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enrico_fermi yeah , grab the wikipedia article to prove me wrong . 
  anyone can edit that place . 
   are you saying european banks were n't mostly in jewish hands ? 
  this is why europe will never rise above its ' bullshit : you are all too willing to separate yourselves in herds and then fight each other . 
  the first step towards a pogrom is separation into `` us '' and `` them '' . 
  do it at your own detriment . 
  to recap : europe is a fractured continent that has been kept at peace by the direct american involvement which is also responsible for its defense . 
  europe remains deeply nationalistic , exclusive and racially intolerant place . 
  oh and also , your gdp is lower than that of the us . 
  in summation , you are a global has-been whose future remains glib and shaky . 
   explain to me why is he called the father of the atomic bomb ? 
  he is not . 
   when we talk about the economy or gdp which is higher than the us 's . 
  you asked for gdp comparison between the eu and us and i have provided it . 
   all is fair in love and war . 
  i like how you call nuking japan a `` victory '' . 
  is it not the same ? 
  japan attacked us first . 
  you have attacked ethiopia first . 
  also i will remember this statement of yours next time you bitch about drones . 
   it 's a known fact the jews held banks and such things and that 's where the money is . 
  it is 2013 for fucks sake man . 
   is that why he 's called the `` father of the atomic bomb '' ? 
  it is obvious that you know very little about nuclear technology . 
  the first nuke the us detonated was uranium based , the second one was plutonium based - none of those products had anything to do with fermi 's reactor . 
  fermi built the first nuclear reactor that has had nothing to do with the project manhattan . 
   proof ? 
   be as kind as to see the gdp of each . 
  i just did . 
  see the numbers . 
  us at $ 16.7 t/yr vs eu at $ 16.02 t/yr . 
  there , i compared it . 
  admit your error . 
   actually we beat ethiopians in the 1930 's which made us the only country to have ever colonized ethiopia . 
  i like how you call conquest of ethiopia that was done with chemical weapons `` colonization '' . 
  just wow . 
   we have many victories in the past and not only the ones of rome . 
  you have none .
