  please do not let me stand in the way of your enjoyment of your fascist past . 
  have fun . 
   and of course you got a few geniuses like fermi or einstein because of the lucky circumstances such as nazism and because you got better funding because of the european jews that ran there with all their money . 
  did you really just called nazism a `` lucky circumstance '' ? 
  and did you just said that the jews ran to the us with all their money ? 
  do you even know how you sound right now ? 
   italy also invented fascism . 
  you know what else ? 
  if it were n't for an italian you would n't have had your precious nukes so yeah . 
  negative . 
  the brains behind it were einstein , oppenheimer and bethe . 
  fermi built the first reactor ( after he ran out of italy due to its ' fucked up racial laws ) . 
   the russians had nukes of their own , more and bigger than the us 's . 
  negative . 
  they stole the plans from the us and did not have any nukes until the second half of 1949 , well after the fluid post-wwii borders have solidified . 
   the eu has a stronger economy . 
  xd i mean , sources please . 
   american soldier is the weakest soldier the world has ever seen . 
  coming from an italian , that is really funny . 
  you guys got your asses handed to you by ethiopians in 1930s !, 
  so bad in fact that you had to use chemical weapons to achieve anything . 
  also , we whupped your ass all the way from sicily to the alps . 
  we are at least better than you , lol . 
   you should know your actual place-the lowlifes and criminals of europe . 
  you are mistaking us for australia homie . 
  ah , the old standby . 
  i am not ignoring the fact that your country was one of the charter members of the axis . 
  do you think that stalin would have stopped where he did if it was not for the us nukes ? 
  do you think anybody but the us could have stopped him ? 
  if you believe that , then it seems that italian education system is churning out retards just fine all on its ' own . 
  your people have been fighting the soviets alongside germans , do you think russians forgave that ? 
  only the threat of the american nukes stopped him from deservedly devouring you and making a communist italy out of you . 
  the same is the case with the rest of the europe . 
  the us is the greatest might , ever . 
  we have been good to you and you have no reason to fear us - you are absolutely right that you should only fear yourselves . 
  history has shown us what kind of unmatched atrocities you are capable of . 
  amsterdam is beautiful this time of the year . 
  you should come visit and see how horribly sad lives can be here . 
  especially for a well paid it job for a dual eu/us citizen . 
  how is beograd ? 
  you enjoying the ikarus buses ' diesel exhaust yet ? 
  i heard it is lovely in winter , especially when kosava starts blowing . 
  the main driver of the austerity in the eurozone is germany . 
  that in addition to the german exports flooding the eu and destroying the peripheral countries ' competitiveness is the recipe for an economic disaster . 
  i am just curious how long will the rest of the eurozone will tolerate this german behavior . 
  the true face is historical truth . 
  you are welcome to escape reality , but the cold hard truth is remaining even if you do not believe in it , serb . 
  now stew in your own shortcomings , optimali ( sic ) . 
  the truth hurts , serb , does it not !, 
  you are welcome to believe the fairy tales your bearded ones have told you over gusle , the facts remain that it was the serbs who opened fire on slovenia , who pulled boulders and trees into the streets of croatia , and who have filled the mass graves in srebrenica . 
  facts . 
  i have no need to `` act like an american '' , as you so enviously put it . 
  i am an american - something that your provincial mind can not comprehend because you have been fed hate from the get go . 
  the same hate that drove your people to shoot and kill mine is now driving you to open your salvo of bullshit by calling me not an american but a bosnian troll . 
  enjoy belgrade and come visit us here in amsterdam whenever you can . 
  ah , that is so true , even in 1914 europe could not have afforded the war yet look what happened . 
  the same is valid today , europe can not afford the war . 
  yet , europe is a small continent populated by a quantity of different ethnicities with long histories of enmity between each other . 
  it 's history is that of incessant war and slaughter . 
  both world wars have been started in europe , and the longest period of peace since the roman empire was the one foisted on the europe by the us in 1945 . 
  the warfare and conflict is the soul of europe , that is what it gave the money and power to it . 
  only the fear of greater might is keeping it in check . 
  of course not , because you could not find a single incorrect thing in anything i have said . 
  i like how you started your tirade against me by calling me a `` bosnian '' troll . 
  why is that ? 
  i know the answer , but i would like to see you squirm while trying to explain your own nationalistic prejudices . 
  anything short of full and complete integration will lead to the inevitable war sooner or later . 
  you know this and anyone who has even the dimmest idea of the european history will agree . 
  the united states of europe will become possible only when the european people start pledging the allegiance to an idea of the europe as a whole instead of pledging it to their own blood and soil . 
  until that shift happens , use will be impossible . 
  i challenge you to find one that is factually incorrect . 
  do it . 
  http://www.efinancialnews.com/story/2012-03-19/investing-in-piigs-portugal?ea9c8a2de0ee111045601ab04d673622 http://www.na24.no/article2908474.ece there is more . 
  those are the first two i found . 
  pigs . 
  portugal , italy , greece and spain . 
  who cares , everyone south of schleswig is a catholic cutpurse !, 
  that is of course a joke , but it does shed light on some of the undeniable mentalities that span europe . 
  or did you forgot how germans conveniently called you and the rest of the south europe a few short months ago ? 
  europe is full of italians , germans , french , scandinavians , english ... . . and everyone is pulling in their own direction . 
  there is no `` us '' in europe , we all saw how you europeans help each other when the shit hits the fan . 
  you are an italian , vaeldr , and for the scandinavians you will always be a catholic cutpurse , just like they will always be cold and distant people for you . 
  every time we try to mind our own business , some european shithole gets uppity and we have to either clobber them into oblivion or quarantine it as if it was pestilence itself . 
  now we are being proactive and we should keep at it . 
  i have a jannisary-like zeal when it comes to the us interventionism - we should intelligently intervene wherever and whenever it suits our needs . 
  such interventionism has defeated two ideologies without whom , you europeans above everyone else , your lives are far better . 
  europe has squandered its ' chance to run the world , now it is our time . 
  deal with it . 
  are you an italian first , or an european first ? 
  yeah , remember that when you go on commenting about the us . 
  spare me your stale pop-psychology , stalker . 
  who is `` us '' ? 
  there is no `` us '' in europe . 
  i find your statements to reflect what you truly are and all you can do in your petty impotency is insult strangers on the internet . 
  bark all you want , caravans still go by . 
  someone queefing ad hominems from the corner ? 
  just learn the difference . 
  bezbojnicul has explained it about as good as it is possible . 
  how about you learn the difference between roma and romanians . 
  once again , the uncomfortable facts about roma 's treatment in europe are surfacing .
