   we landed on the moon and bought nieuw amsterdam from your broke ass . 
  what does the above sentence have to do with size ? 
  seems like you have been doing some selective reading . 
  good for you , it is something to be proud of . 
  and you have every right to say so . 
  you are welcome to stay home , and i will continue to live in the western europe for now . 
  as for your country , romania , i have no need to say anything or comment about it as everything is well known about it . 
  so you are prejudiced and bigoted ? 
  to describe the us , a country bigger than the europe and with 320m people as `` backwards '' is either trolling , retarded or prejudiced . 
  we landed on the moon and bought nieuw amsterdam from your broke ass . 
  pick your own description . 
   this is one of the reasons that i see america as one of the enemies of humanity . 
  i 'd say jasenovac was the bottom of that . 
  :( even the on-site ss personnel told them not to be such animals . 
  even so that is nothing compared what they did in congo . 
  hamburg proper has more inhabitants than the whole estonia . 
  some things do not scale up well . 
  is n't de maizier\u00e9 now the frontrunner to replace fogh as the sec-gen of nato ? 
  it is no wonder that it is american , as it has been invented by americans in the usa where it started becoming popular at first amongst american internet users before spreading its ' user base worldwide . 
  if you find the site too american , i suggest that you sit down and invent something more europe-centric , work hard at promoting it and attracting capital to increase your reach just as reddit did . 
  i wish you luck in your enterprise , u/aleclecat . 
  that is rich , coming from a norwegian : a country that can not set its ' mind on one system of writing its ' own language . 
  and you talk smack about our measurement system ? 
  lol . 
  someone forgot new horizons , cassini and the rest . 
  when was the last time norge launched something to mars ? 
  or moon ? 
  you still have not provided an iota of reasoning as of why kataib hizb ` allah should not be listed as a terrorist organization by the eu . 
  my reasons are clear : 1 . 
  1983 beirut bombings . 
  1994 buenos ayres bombing . 
  2012 burgas bombing . 
  2012 - ... involvement in the syrian civil war . 
  once again : your move hoss . 
  yeah , the fences and walls work . 
  just ask the germans , soviets and americans . 
  add mexicans to that list of experts too . 
  nice strawman and ad hominem wrapped up in one . 
  you know nothing of my stance on israel , which is by the way not the topic of the thread . 
  please tone down the invective . 
  on the other hand , you have yet to offer any arguments against listing the military wing of hizb ` allah as a terrorist organization . 
  i have offered three arguments for their listing . 
  your move hoss . 
  you are welcome to carry on equivocating between things that can not even be compared . 
  i doubt that i will get through your ideology by appeals to reason . 
  this is a thread about hizb ` allah getting slapped with the listing , not a place to list what idf might have or have not done . 
  when we have a thread about what israel does , please voice your concerns about the behavior of idf there . 
  stop baiting and trolling , focus on the topic . 
  hizb ` allah military wing deserves to be slapped with the label since 1983 for the beirut bombings ( not to mention the 1994 buenos aires bombing ) . 
  this labeling , while late , is a step in the right direction . 
  you are welcome to refute me not with substance but with your `` but israel does it too ! '', 
  line . 
  i like your logic : they are resisting israel by fighting syrian sunnis . 
  in syria . 
  eu did not slap them with the terrorist label for their fights with israel ( like the one hizb ` allah started in 2006 by that cross-border raid ) , but for their involvement in the syrian civil war . 
  do you realize that the idf are the armed forces of a sovereign state and that as such can not be declared a terrorist organization ? 
  you should read up how it is done the right way : just look up what happened to milosevic , mladic and karadzic . 
  that is how you bring war criminals to justice . 
  this should have been done back in 1983 when they killed 58 french troops . 
  at last . 
  should 've been that way since 1983 beirut bombings . 
  good luck with that . 
  even if you have eu based cloud-services company , the traffic still goes via usa . 
  he 'd be better off russia-proofing his own country than anything else . 
  something with holy mary in it maybe . 
  dead or alive . 
  both family members and body parts . 
  and let 's not start about religious-based cursing . 
  despite the eurohawk debacle of $ 500m ?? 
  the only way the eu will survive and prosper ( alongside the europe as a whole ) , is to continue with the federalization of the eu until there are united states of europe . 
  anything else will be reversal to the `` glorious '' days of the early 20th century sooner or later . 
  us companies = / = us . 
  your move europe . 
  so was i. 
  xd our esteemed serb cousins got to find something to de-legitimize this . 
  absolutely not !, 
  we all saw what happens when you try something like that , like l. paul bremer did back in 2003 . 
  on the other hand , a plenty of nazi bigger fish have ended up inside the bundesrepublik 's government or were tolerated . 
  meanwhile , a neutral point of view says that germany is willingly and knowingly harboring a nazi war criminal . 
  i agree that it was not really possible to remove and punish all nazis because so many germans were nazis , most definitely . 
  however , the sheer extent to which many higher ranking partai members were included into the bundesrepublik is really astounding . 
  damn !, 
  got ta love the teutonic double standard . 
  croatia should not extradite perkovi\u0107 to germany : this will set a precedent for many other such requests to come . 
  especially when serbia , bosnia and kosovo start on their eu accession . 
  i like how petty merkel is : `` i do n't get what i want , so i throw a hissy fit . '', 
  they just want to be spared an embarrassment of yet another nazi-related scandal . 
  the history of support and tolerance of former nazis in west germany is well known . 
  de-nazification was never fully completed and there was and is a plenty of former nazi personnel who have never been brought to justice . 
  i guess the fact that actual anglo-saxons inhabiting those countries are a minority bears no relevance . 
  man , that is stupid : it is too dangerous for cantas to mix with cars , but it is not too dangerous for bikes to be mixed with cantas . 
  stellar logic , that . 
  i am just curious why are scooters and cantas allowed on the bike paths . 
  true facts !, 
  but my true hate goes to those shitsicles of cantas , the minicars !, 
  amsterdam has no bike problem , amsterdam has issue with cars . 
  concrete top layer buckled up as it had stretched beyond the tolerance limit . 
  asphalt does not break in heat , lol , it melts . 
  that is what always happens : all large scale projects like this end up costing twice as much , taking twice as long and looking/performing half as good as promised . 
  i think that pretty much any country with enough money to spend on the equipment has been doing this for years .
