  it would not surprise me if more european countries ' police forces have such lists , and not only for roma . 
  anti-roma sentiment is the only acceptable racism left . 
  also , if you are going to mention anecdotal evidence on how `` gypsies are shit '' . 
  please do not reply . 
  low lands can not into high ratings . 
  zlatan ibrahimovic is a south slav , not an ethnic swede . 
  what you have meant to say is that he is half bosniak and half croatian , an ethnic slav if you will . 
  good luck enforcing the fine , france . 
  yup . 
  if not by birth , then we become the westerners by choice . 
  i am not stupid , that is why i live in the west . 
  i am glad that is in the past and hope that both countries look to the future and cooperation , instead of tearing each other up . 
  why the fuck are the ruskies always so quick to threaten their neighbors ? 
  what is wrong with those people !, 
  we cured you , so we know what 's up . 
  xd all praise the member of the supreme soviet , comrade obama !, 
  worse . 
  they are retarded . 
  germany is the china of europe , bleeding its ' neighbors dry while preaching its austerity evangelism to everyone . 
  we get it , you are afraid of hyper-inflation ; but just because you had a cancer long time ago , it does not mean that you should use chemotherapy every time you catch a flu . 
  tea party , what are you doing in ukraine ? 
  go home , you are drunk . 
  yeah , i do not want it so i shall burn it to the ground . 
  sound logic , that . 
  the people should destroy the asylum that they paid for with their own tax money ? 
  grow up . 
  because us had to get involved twice in the world wars that have been started in the europe by the europeans . 
  why not support the european integration if it can prevent the same kind of thing again . 
  do you have any solid evidence that a majority of roma are nomadic ? 
  i am not arguing , i am genuinely curious . 
   our social contract implicitly assumes that people stick around . 
  what does that mean regarding roma ? 
  see , dividing the people into `` us '' and `` them '' is the first step toward discrimination . 
  if greenland defrosts , it will be the only denmark left . 
  how nice of you to resort to insults . 
  once you run out of shoddy arguments , you reach for the insults . 
  let me get this straight : africans sold other africans to the europeans , so that makes it ok for europeans to have slaves ? 
  what you should do is be aware of the world you live in and the fact that there are people who do not share your enthusiasm for racist games . 
  especially considering your colonial and slaving history . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  i have not connected the whole of white people with slavery . 
  slavs were so fucked by the slavery that the gave the name to it in most of the european languages . 
  i have connected the western europeans with the atlantic slave trade : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantic_slave_trade nice strawman , by the way . 
  nothing you say in defense of this is really justifying it . 
  in due time , i hope that you and the people like you will learn and advance . 
  yet , if the history is any indicator , that will never happen . 
  because they were the ones to do it unlike everyone else : the extent of it , the duration of it , the racial element of it . 
  nobody did it worse than the white western europeans . 
  how about we ask black people what they think about it ? 
  what 's staggering is the size of the strawman you just shat into this thread . 
  because i reserve the right to form my own opinions and judgments . 
  you are free to act and talk like a fool , but be prepared to get called out on it and judged for it . 
  actions cause reactions . 
  whatever kind of a person i am , i am able to discern what 's racist and what is not : an area in which you need an immense improvement . 
  really , theothor , really ? 
  you sound like someone who has grown up in a racially homogeneous place . 
  how nice of you to insult strangers on the internet . 
  very cordial indeed . 
  negative . 
  racism is a race-based dislike , prejudice , oppression , discrimination , preference and even violence . 
  intent is not required at all . 
  general racism against non-whites . 
  wrong translation . 
  it goes like this : i am white and you are black , we sold a fuckton of your kind worldwide and after making so much cash off your back we use a caricature of you to make jokes . 
  `` it 's not really offending anyone . '', 
  `` it 's been done for far too long . '', 
  `` it 's our tradition , do n't mess with it you foreigner . '', 
  `` it 's funny and harmless . '', 
  `` i got black friends , and they do n't mind it . '', 
  yeah they do , they are not telling it to your racist ass . 
  i agree . 
  yet it does not apply here , because there are obvious racial undertones to black pete . 
  compared to bulgaria and romania , where does croatia stand regarding accession to the schengen and work possibilities in the western europe ? 
  it is amazing to see how many people in this thread defend an obviously racist character by using the exactly the same excuses that the american racists used when they were defending their own shit in the us . 
  the privilege is oozing out of this thread . 
  litvanija is not latvija , even in bosnian . 
  lol !, 
  intensity ? 
  is that what are we looking for when it comes to historical battles ? 
  i did not know that the main metric for the battle is gallons of blood spilled per hour . 
  itt : people downvoting facts . 
  there is nothing subtle there . 
  battle of stalingrad is considered one battle , not a siege nor a campaign , regardless of its ' duration . 
  hence we call it the ** battle ** of stalingrad . 
  not a siege of stalingrad , nor a stalingrad campaign . 
  i would n't be so sure about that if i was you , homie . 
  yup , in the second paragraph , after having this as a subheader : `` military history buffs have re-enacted what was europe 's bloodiest single confrontation , the battle of leipzig . 
  the bloodshed of 200 years ago saw napoleon 's already-battered troops suffer a significant defeat . '', 
  ^ ^ this . 
  axis forces lost 850000 men while soviets lost around 1.6 million . 
  deutsche welle , you so silly . 
  was n't the battle of stalingrad the biggest battle in history ? 
  oh wait , this is dw.de . 
  no wonder , lol . 
  oh there are difference between different flavors of the white people . 
  however , vaeldr 's post sounded like some rassenkunde shit . 
  ladies and gentlemen , you have witnessed a glorious example of the newest of all sciences : phrenology . 
  i should have phrased it better . 
  it has been edited . 
  we did .
