  the best one was back in 1933 : while the europe was sinking into morass of totalitarianism of all flavors , we elected a liberal progressive . 
  plot thickens . 
  if i had to speculate , this seems like only the top of the iceberg ; something is going on behind the scenes and we are only seeing the side effects . 
  if gu does the deal with gazprom , we are fucked . 
  putin will be screwing us over any time he damn well pleases . 
  inequality with the minorities we did have , but we did not deliver them to mass slaughter like your country did . 
  we got us a black president homie , elected by everyone in the country . 
  let me know when you have a moroccan prime minister in the low lands . 
  how and why would you charge someone over a statue ? 
  is it in poor taste and fucking awful ? 
  yes . 
  yes it is . 
  should it be illegal ? 
  not even close to it . 
  banning arts , especially the kind nobody likes already , is just a sign of weakness . 
  edit : wording . 
  how so ? 
  this was a to b. 
  see yourself out . 
  i agree . 
  it is fascinating to see the divergence between the two ways of dealing with free speech , especially in the light of the fact that the us and europe are similar in many ways . 
  i think it becomes controversial only when people let their parochialism interfere with the debate . 
  ps : haters gon na hate , let them downvote all they want . 
  i do live in europe so i do follow the european standards . 
  i appreciate your civilized discourse , sir , despite our disagreements in this instance . 
  therein lies the fundamental difference between the freedom of speech in the usa and europe . 
  i for one , find the us system superior . 
  the speech is limited in extremely narrow way , and that is it . 
   ah fuck this place . 
  it 's already been taken over by fucking american nazis and zionists , who are on the same side these days . 
  if i give some money out of my wallet , will that make you feel better ? 
  edit : quoting you before you tuck in and tail out again . 
   like all far right morons now you 're a zionist as well as a nazi , once you 've got your second holocaust only then will you turn back towards the jews . 
  in what universe does that even make any sense ? 
   but that 's not the case , words and nudity banned are freedom of speech restrictions . 
  you do not know what are you talking about . 
   by the way , keep letting your nazi wannabes wander around . 
  after they raise to power ( probably disguised as republicans ) and apply their ideology on you , come back and tell us about how a good idea was tolerating their bullshit . 
  we already learned that lesson from european mistakes . 
   the vast majority of europe already bends over backwards for you fucking americans and jews . 
  case closed . 
  thank you for being honest . 
  you are right , it is shaky . 
  muslim terrorists have killed before so we have every right to be worried and arrest them preventatively . 
  today i have learned that unless one country has nudity and foul language on a free channel in prime time its ' citizens can not criticize other countries ' speech laws . 
  nice standard there . 
  you mean like hbo does ? 
  or showtime ? 
  good argument , that . 
  lol !, 
  wtf france !, 
  what happened to freedom of speech ?? 
  no sir , i mean amsterdam in the netherlands where i live . 
  mighty easy for bavarians to tell us people in amsterdam that four year delay of better environmental laws is `` no big deal '' . 
  some of us have more to lose than you do , and quickly . 
  that 's why everything that can be done should be done . 
  i wish the eu would adopt californian levels of pollution regulation . 
  your comment , the cause of this exchange , still stands in all of its ' myopia and retardation . 
  you sound like the bottom of the barrel of the us ' gop due to your comments . 
  if it quacks like a duck and if it walks like a duck that means only one thing : you are proof that the us does not have a monopoly on retardation . 
  for that , thank you . 
  that hurt you , did n't it ? 
  i want you to tell me when it hurts you . 
  i wo n't stop , but you still have to tell me . 
  it seems that the us does not have a monopoly on retardation . 
  lack of clarification that you are merely curious and not making an argument . 
  i apologize for the unwarranted hostility sir . 
  these kinds of threads are flooded with apologists for the russians , hence my `` shoot first , ask second '' approach . 
  if your inquiry was genuine curiosity , please say so and i shall apologize . 
  otherwise your post looked like willful ignorance . 
  the american system is spreading . 
  germans , stop this before it is too late . 
  i mean , it is obvious that nobody is immune to it and that only a concerted action will stop this . 
  yes , there was a probable cause that warranted police response . 
  do you even know how justice works in a free country ? 
  wow , this is so impressive !, 
  was the dutch diplomat beating up his kids ? 
  gtfo !, 
  sterilization of dogs does not remove their teeth . 
  sure thing . 
  let 's see when the uptick starts . 
  true , but forgive me if i do not place too much value in putin 's words . 
  that sounds like the issue is with you and not american jokes . 
  scahill 's work has been most excellent , so if he is the lead author with greenwald in tow that article should be very good . 
  especially if backed by hard evidence . 
  exactly . 
  everyone is angry about innocent people dying , but the knee-jerk reactions are not solving anything . 
  truth be told so far he has not been sensationalizing his stories like assange did ( `` collateral murder '' anyone ? ) . 
  i hope that he does not start now , if there is any substance behind that announcement . 
  dutch unemployment rate went from about 5 % to over 7 % in last 6 months . 
  tell that to the eastern europeans and the people from caucasus . 
  go ahead and tell it to the central asian ' stans as well . 
  then come back here and report their reaction . 
  correction : kosovo was a part of serbia and it was not occupied by serbs . 
  with that nick , you should know . 
  yeah , barroso and letta did this you fucking idiots !, 
  i am curious what would those protesting squishes say to the motherfuckers who overloaded the shitty boat and stole every last penny from those migrants . 
  they would talk until first ak muzzle points at them . 
  what happened to the supposedly upcoming leak about the alleged `` us assassination squad '' ? 
  i thought he was working on it with scahill .
