  who is we ? 
  ah , the assumptions . 
  you could not be further from the truth . 
  redditor for three days . 
  this is / r/europe and not / r/deutschland or any other germanophone subreddit . 
  please elaborate . 
  unable to come with proper arguments so you have to resort to this ? 
  again , pathetic . 
  how about you translating your shoddy english for me ? 
  again , iraq is independent and has not been annexed by the us like russia annexed crimea . 
  shitty comparison . 
  can you do better ? 
  monroe doctrine . 
  you sold the right to meddle into the western hemisphere . 
  i do have every moral right to judge the irredentist and blatant moves russia is doing right now . 
  this is not the first time that you cossacks have stolen the land and genocided the people out of it . 
  funny to hear the word `` moral '' coming from a country that taught the nazis how to do mass killings . 
  stop flopping , you look pathetic . 
  ah , the chetnik wannabes defending their cossack brethren . 
  lol !, 
  interesting to see putin repeat your guys ' recipe - y' all need to tell him just how good it worked for you . 
  by that logic , iraq war was the best thing to happen to w. you , as a russian shill , will surely remember the `` mission accomplished '' . 
  not a good thing in the long run . 
  the us does not steal land like russia . 
  if you are not concerned about russian aggression and conquest , then leave this thread . 
  yes it is . 
  or do you see them projecting their power globally ? 
  you know , with the global network of bases and blue navy . 
  nato cares about 50000 armed to their teeth russian troops waiting for the green light to `` protect their russian compatriots '' . 
   putin is a smart devil , he plays his goddamn cards well . 
  let the time be the judge of that . 
  hey : russia had a foothold in the new world . 
  alaska . 
  and what did you do with it ? 
  what we do , we do . 
  it is not for you to emulate us . 
  all you got is whataboutism and tu quoque ... one would think that you russians might have advanced a bit since brezhnev and andropov , but then again : crimea . 
  pathetic . 
  echo ? 
  ^ echo ^ echo ^ echo ^ echo, 
  so effin ' true !, 
  i just hope that it does not have to come to that at all . 
  whataboutism is all you got ? 
  ukrainians should be preparing for the worst and after the worst is over they should be ready for an armed insurgency a la iraq . 
  russia 's aggressive face needs to be stomped in if they dare to invade ukraine . 
  the chechen wars were some of the most fucked up ones in recent history . 
  russia has zero legitimacy there since stalin 's chechevitsa . 
  you mean mass graves , indiscriminate fire bombing of cities , death squads , collective punishment , mass executions ? 
  it only took them a decade to pacify a nation of one million people . 
  i would not be so sure about their `` effectiveness '' . 
  there are 60 % of ethnic russians in crimea , the remainder are ethnic tatars and ukrainians . 
  even if russia occupies the crimea , there are a plenty of people who can start and sustain an active insurgency . 
   whatever happens in ukraine if russia wants to do something is that it will be over fast as hell , and russia will succeed . 
  have you not seen what happened in iraq ? 
  there are reasons why northern caucasus is seething under russian yoke . 
  very valid reasons . 
  you will have to wait for your fill of schadenfreude for a long time , bottom feeder . 
  what is the eu going to do about it ? 
  what can the eu do about it ? 
  if the euro crisis is any indicator - not a single damn thing besides lots of posturing . 
  this is discrimination against a disabled person . 
  italy and its ' `` trials '' . 
  lol !, 
  edit : butthurt italians downvoting anonymously . 
  should 've done that to berlusconi before he made you the laughing stock of europe . 
  unless one is on r/europe and r/worldnews . 
  and i thought americans are the ones who do not have any idea about geography and history . 
   former soviet republics , such as slovakia , croatia , czech republic , hungary , poland , romania and slovenia . 
  wait , what ? 
   russian media is no less free than us media . 
  good day sir . 
  i have a bridge that is in a dire need of a new owner and the price is really good right now . 
  a bargain indeed . 
  you do not want to be involved in or even be around these kinds of disturbances . 
  that is the same rule here in texas : bars and stores are not allowed to serve alcohol to already besotted patrons . 
  that is very interesting and indeed counter-intuitive . 
  then again , the nights get very long that far up north . 
   thank you for the explanation . 
  thank you for the info sir . 
  how about sales restrictions ? 
  for example in texas you can not buy liquor on sunday and beer can be bought only after 12pm . 
  also , no sales of any alcohol in stores after midnight . 
   systembolaget genuinely curious : what is so bad about it ? 
  besides exorbitant prices . 
  some people prefer to stay put , some prefer adventure . 
  yeah , we did katyn and blokhin had an old glory lapel pin in his uniform as he slaughtered , what , 7000 poles ? 
  get the fuck out of here tovarish . 
  dude , we got counties bigger than kosovo , we could give less of a fuck what happens to it as long as there are no rivers of blood . 
  governments should not be in the business of declaring embargo in this situation , instead they should encourage an economic re-orientation toward the west and eu . 
  eu is plenty big , and it is really obvious just how much russians care about eesti . 
  keep up the good work , mother russia , and you will find yourself on the sanctions list , lol !, 
  kosovars wanted a state on their own and have gotten one . 
  now the hard part begins : minority rights . 
  that is why treatment of minorities is more important for kosovo than 2000 missing people . 
  and you thought having a country is easy . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  i agree that kosovo is far the hell away from being an islamist state . 
  anyone who has been there and who knows kosovars knows damn well just how far away they are from being islamists . 
  a dutch person giving advice to balkan people ? 
  mr. karremans , is that you ?
