  your handle matches your personality . 
  have a good day . 
  i like how you did not answer my question . 
  why is that ? 
  ok then . 
  tell me though , where do you want the rs to go and who do you thinks wants it ? 
  as are bosniaks of sanjak , albanians of the presevo valley and hungarians of vojvodina . 
  serbia should think thrice before it goes back to the bad old times of supporting irredentas in the balkans . 
  just like some serb volunteers are going to fight for mother rusija , some bosniaks have gone to fight for islamic state . 
  westfalen is called westphalia in english while kaiserpfalzen are called imperial palatinates . 
  close enough . 
  you are croatian , dude , you should be able to understand what they are saying without needing translations . 
  we are talking about russia and russians here . 
  nice attempt at soft tu quoque though . 
  not an excuse . 
  read what i wrote again . 
  he is from serbia , they are still learning the ropes . 
  and for those who say that it is not the russian peoples ' fault , just remember 80 % + percentile approval ratings of putin . 
  kick her the hell out . 
  yesterday !, 
  thank you . 
  stop with the retardation . 
  again , if you think that you are on some mythical nsa list , you are giving yourself way to much importance . 
  retards like you are dime a dozen . 
  excuse me , but what the fuck are you going on about ? 
   i 'm on an nsa list for visiting the linux journal forum . 
  nah nah , what you are is called `` retarded '' . 
  why would him being a pole preclude him from debating demographics ? 
  cute zero sum shit . 
  i do not think that you can force a wholly theocratic ideology into the right-left paradigm that is used in the west . 
  islamists include aspects of both right and left , but both play the second fiddle to the divine word . 
  your reached for that strawman quuuuuiick . 
  negative . 
  this was about public interest vs. privacy protection where i have used an example from germany to illustrate what i meant . 
  i do have a measure of understanding for the way germany does privacy things . 
  with a history being what it is , it is not a surprise that a lot of weight is given to privacy concerns . 
  i like how you have turned this into `` germany better than us '' shtick . 
  meanwhile in sweden ... 
  even the springer verlag ? 
  just like germans did with their islamists a few months back when they tried to bomb the u-bahn station . 
  pixelated their faces and did not publish their names . 
  what is proven to be ineffective is the current state of affairs.hate crimes are some of the worst crimes because they are destructive to the fabric of society - look what happened with those three israeli and one palestinian kid . 
  hate crimes incite more hatred and as such need to be rooted out, 
   mentioning black crime is strictly taboo . 
  where ? 
  berkeley ? 
  as it is obvious from what happened , hands-off approach is not working either . 
  you have a gang of people who have attempted a murder based on someone displaying the flag of a nation that they hate . 
  they had no other reason to attack the victim except their hatred for the jews and israel . 
  people like that need to be made an example out of . 
  judging by the mess you have with the bearded ones , you are 100 % correct . 
  as the facts have shown , it is obvious that not everyone has common sense . 
  you think that this was extreme right and not islamists ? 
  trial the suspects , if they are found guilty of the hate crime , deport those who are not citizens ( regardless of how many years they have been living there ) and lock up those who are citizens . 
  lock them up for a while , not just a few months . 
  yes it is . 
  we had slavery and segregation once upon a time - now we got a black president . 
  there is a subtle difference between rhetorical and actual questions . 
  as this incident has shown , it has not worked out well for sweden . 
  it never ceases to amaze me . 
  i will entertain your idea and ask you this : where are we supposed to find out what we should and should not do ? 
  is there an authority that will explain that to the citizens ? 
  have a nice day . 
  i am not interested in random , stale pdfs : i am interested in alaukik 's stance and opinion . 
  12 years old pdf ??? 
  try again . 
  how did that work out so far for sweden ? 
  find the perpetrators , deport non-citizens and jail the citizens for a long jail term . 
  it 's supposed to be a free country - he can fly whatever flag he wants . 
  that is an astute observation that has added benefit of being true !, 
  yet they wonder why they suck at life . 
   fuck you . 
  an excellent argument , sarma-tae !, 
  i am impressed by your debating skills and profundity of your knowledge . 
  you mean the french intervention in mali ? 
  the one where the us is providing logistics ? 
  that intervention ? 
   the ussr did n't kill nearly as many civilians as the allies . 
  please educate yourself and come back . 
  until then you can have a good day . 
  so in your eyes there is no difference between ceausescu 's rule and securitate and the situation today ? 
  basically the same thing ? 
  your country got black eastered because your country was an ally of nazi germany and has participated in the war in yugoslavia and greece - your country was not neutral . 
  however , that does not diminish the fact that you have been invaded - literally , by the ussr . 
  why would you idolize them is beyond my understanding . 
  i like how your country got literally invaded by the ussr , yet you talk shit about the us , the country that is your ally right now . 
  zhivkov approves . 
  how about you know what are you talking about and what is being talked about ? 
  czechoslovakian uprising . 
  chechevitsa ? 
  are you willfully ignorant or what ? 
  one word : katyn . 
  nothing us did in the sa comes close to that . 
  libyan intervention has show to the world just how incapable the eu is when it comes to the military affairs . 
  we saw how your `` alliance '' with the ussr worked out . 
  try to compare it with your nato membership and see who did what to you as opposed to who did what to you . 
  when i need to buy myself a few seconds in a critical moment , i shall think of your stalker ass , lol . 
  dear recreational , i believe that you are not getting your money 's worth out of the education you claim you are receiving as a history major . 
  it should have been obvious from your defense of stalin and your whataboutism that you are merely an ideologue masquerading as a normal person . 
  go join the rebels in eastern ukraine and defend mother russia from the nacgvardija and nato , tovarish .
