  agreed on the chi/rus leadership not being suicidal . 
  what i meant by the internal threats to both china and russia is the same thing that happened to yugoslavia and sssr : multiethnic states that fell apart and ended up in internecine fights . 
  as long as both china and russia have their icbms/slbms , they will always be able to annihilate the us , full stop . 
  and that is regardless of what the us have in their arsenal - be it nuclear or conventional . 
  the us might be having better weapons , full stop , but russia and china would be silly to be afraid of the us as long as they have their nukes . 
  the biggest challenges to both china and russia are internal , not external . 
  thank you for confirming my point . 
  also , russia and china can not keep up the pace of inventions and deployment of new weapons . 
  hell , when lrasm became known , both of them shat their pants and realized that the us is so far ahead that russia even authorized first use for nukes even in the conventional conflict . 
  some western experts are even saying that the us should slow down its ' development of highly capable non-nuclear weapons such as lrasm , b21 or hypersonics . 
  mad is slowly dissolving due to the sino-russian inabiliy to keep up with the pace of invention that the us is setting . 
  of course not because it is not true . 
  your statement , your burden of proof . 
  that 's how it works bud . 
  please show one single image from serbia that shows the same level of destruction like that in grozny and aleppo . 
   who 's talking about the korean peninsula ? 
  please read the article . 
  more effective and far cheaper thing would be to leash curb the north koreans ' missile and nuclear programs : that would result in no us missile shield in the south korea and no need for expensive anti-missile shield measures . 
  us has no history of attacking anyone on the korean peninsula . 
  that dubious distinction belongs to soviet union and north korea . 
  again , everyone in bosnia is an absolute expert when it comes to the bad things others have done , but your own side is conveniently placed in a blind spot . 
  serbs say that they are not guilty because alija 's mujahideen started everything . 
  bosniaks are playing possum and blaming the joint aggressors for ruining their once-beautiful utopia , croats would love to sit on two chairs and sing praises to their thousand year old culture . 
  meanwhile , all sides fucked up , fucking up and will be fucked up . 
  as long as there are people like you , bosnia will remain a shithole . 
  here is the point where i leave you to your own devices as you are displaying unreasonable chauvinism . 
  have a good day . 
  at least that the bosniak government ordered ethnic cleansing of croats in central bosnia . 
  because you are deliberately ignoring the historical facts . 
  impressive display of balkan tribalism , hrulj , impressive . 
  as long as there are people like you on all three sides , bosnia will remain a shithole . 
  so you do agree that croats and bosniak forces did commit war crimes and ethnic cleansing , even if not in the same extent as the serb forces did ? 
  you do know that the bosniak and croat forces did the exact same things except that their numbers were not as high as those of the serb forces ? 
  inform yourself about what the 7th muslim mountain brigade and their foreign jihadis from `` el mudzahid '' unit did in kakanj area and inform yourself just what did the hvo did in ahmici - then come back and tell me that they did not deliberately dig up mass graves and killed large numbers of civilians in order to get the rest of the local populace scared and out of their houses and villages . 
  by that logic , serb war crimes are also actions of individuals . 
  if the both croats and bosniaks did not want to ethnically cleanse the areas they attacked , why did their respective forces commit massacres of the civilian population in the areas i listed ? 
  ahmici and celebici camp come to mind . 
  all sides are guilty to various degrees , please stop the whitewash of history . 
  absolutely !, 
  how is it an act of `` individuals '' when the whole 3rd corps of the bosniak army attacked croat towns and villages in summer of 1993 under the command of mehmed alagic ? 
  how is it an act of individuals when croat forces concertedly kicked out bosniaks out of vitez , new travnik , busovaca and kiseljak in the same summer of 1993 ? 
  there will be no solving of the bosnia issue until all three sides come to terms what their own side did during those 3 years of war . 
  serbs started the war and carry the biggest responsibility for it . 
  bosniaks and croats joined in and had their own war-within-the-war and are responsible for it . 
  hell , even bosniaks attacked bosniaks in the nw bosnia and burned each other villages under the command of sefer halilovic . 
  to recap , all three sides there are implicated , to various degrees , in war crimes , crimes against humanity and ethnic cleansing . 
  thank you for the elaboration , incomplete as it may be . 
  serb forces were indeed the biggest perpetrators of ethnic cleansing in bosnia , however , the bosniak and croat side was implicated in the same kind of crime , albeit not to the same extent as the serb side . 
  bosniaks ethnically cleansed croats out of the central bosnia ( kakanj , kraljeva sutjeska , zenica and vares ) , while croat forces ethnically cleansed the western herzegovina ( grude , siroki brijeg , stolac ) of bosniak population . 
  the truth is not as simple as you portray it and it would help all of us if we are honest with each other . 
   at the begining in 11 century only bosniaks were in bosnia . 
  please elaborate . 
   in the last war it was a one way . 
  please elaborate . 
  i am holding him to the same standard he/she is holding everyone else to . 
  please provide a link to the source you just quoted . 
  the quote is no enough as it could be faked . 
  / u/radio53 :  hah right no violent crime in an entire country ? 
  please ... 
  please provide reliable sources that confirm your statement . 
  please provide evidence on which you base your conclusion . 
  as compared to what ? 
  please provide reliable evidence for your claim . 
   everything in the reforms/negotiations would have been available to all 28 eu members . 
  do you have reliable sources for that ? 
  do you have the exact instances of those four posts ? 
  ssshh , do n't tell him . 
  what will happen in 2018 when republika srpska completes their intended independence referendum ? 
  will serbia recognize kosovo in exchange for republica srpska 's independence ? 
  cabbies in amsterdam are assholes and can not be trusted . 
  do not support the scumbags . 
  the spirit of \u021aepe\u0219 is strong with you . 
  you would be surprised how many people in the us do not speak english . 
  having lived in germany , france and now the netherlands i have heard it in all three how usa was `` almost francophone '' , `` almost spoke dutch because nieuw amstelerdam '' , `` pensylvania dutch is german and almost the whole country spoke it '' ... none of that shit matters because a. there is no official language in the usa and b. most of the early settlers were english-speaking folks . 
  anything else belongs in the works of harry turtledove . 
  ps : have an upvote for a well thought out and presented answer . 
  not touchy , just bored of hearing the same worn out trope that has no basis in reality . 
  i have never assumed you were a frenchie . 
  every former colonial country has a legend that `` usa almost spoke german/french/dutch / russian '' . 
  give it a rest . 
  this is why non-french people move into france en-masse . 
   europe is for europeans that does not work that way because europeans colonized the fuck out of the whole world , they have exploited plenty of colonies and now the proverbial chickens are coming home to roost . 
  ol' colonialists did not realize that the roads they made would be two way streets . 
  there is not a damn thing either france or the uk can do about all of this short of adopting tactics that are diametrically opposed to all tenets they stand for as western democracies . 
  how is it possible for a first world country to allow this sort of lawlessness on its ' own soil ? 
  you are welcome to leave and go to an european version of reddit . 
  none of the alcoholic retards in croatia are national socialists . 
  they are just uneducated , unwashed , low-life pond scum that has no iota of understanding of what the fuck it is they are doing . 
  to call them nazis would be to raise their status . 
  oh you meant the wannabee ustashe there , lol . 
  when you say nazi , that means a member of the nsdap or someone who was a part of the nazi regime . 
   i would n't mind if they 'd interfere in croatia btw , lots of nazis running around there . 
  nazis as in proper members of the nsdap ? 
  please source that claim . 
  us intelligence = / = soros , regardless what those kremlin lickspittles jobbik and orban say . 
  we do n't want them in the us . 
  they can ask canada to join them . 
  you are spewing kremlin 's lies about ukraine and crimea , it makes you sound like you are an apparatchik working for the fsb somewhere in the lubyanka 's sub-basement and not an ( supposed ) irishman . 
  a janez defending the russians ? 
  you must be 16 years old .
