  realistically though it wo n't , at best it will be like the 4 pro-russian breakaway states in the former soviet union . 
  i would n't do that if i was him , i would hide for my life or at least my safety . 
  then again he probably has security . 
  even still i hope he gets asked hard questions . 
  there are still indigenous peoples in the united states . 
  not anyways close to their original numbers though . 
  also , indigenous nations have some degree of sovereignty but it 's [ dependent sovereignty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tribal_sovereignty_in_the_united_states ) . 
  finally the person who is responsible for the systemic killing of protestors and who stole the ukrainian people 's money will be held to account !, 
  your own party has turned on you . 
  what are you afraid of ? 
  if you are as innocent as you claim a trial should be no problem . 
  the majority of the people and all of the supreme council opposes me but it is the opposition that is anti-democratic !, 
  / sarcasm seriously though this is good news and i hope that this leads to a brighter future for ukrainian democracy . 
  yet this is n't over yet . 
  the russian-speaking east probably is n't happy . 
  well some are but most are n't . 
  probably, 
  the familiar line of the dictator : `` i 'm not as bad as the other guys , honest !! '', 
  there 's geography ignorance , which is bad enough already , and there 's this . 
  we yanks invaded canada and mexico with a map related to the war on terror . 
  if you do n't learn cartography you may cause a war kids . 
  true that . 
  i thought i had missed out a big revolution but you 're right . 
  how popular are these protests ? 
  wikipedia says it has spread outside of tuzla but where are the areas of support and the areas of opposition ? 
  i hope sociology becomes an accepted science . 
  it is very useful to know how the world works after all . 
  ** edit : ** this is a rule on / r/sociology :  not a sociologist ? 
  we welcome your participation , but users just making shit up or pushing an ideology may be banned to maintain the standards of discourse . 
  that 's good . 
  just do n't use those words to describe an entire website because you do n't like one of the communities on it . 
  i 'll try to see if i can falsify sociology 's theories . 
  anyways regardless of whether it 's a science does n't mean its ideas are automatically false . 
  or any reasonable discussion in any form ... as someone who has a tumblr . 
  account i can confirm that talk about social justice does n't make up the majority of the site . 
  although there is a strong social justice community . 
  how is sociology not a science ? 
  they call themselves the bugs and the swarm . 
   does one have to possess reddit credentials to `` upvote '' ? 
  ( facepalm )  it should be easy for us to completely overwhelm subreddits like / r/europe where a significant number of people are already aware , though . 
  we ca n't let that happen . 
  this is not the sandbox of a bunch of racists who do n't know about basic redditing . 
   poor guys , what is so hard to understand whites need a country of their own ? 
  white people are n't a homogenous group you assholes . 
  neither is any race . 
  ethnicity is different though . 
  i mean imagine if all `` white countries '' ( because countries can have race apparently ) were in the same room together . 
  there would be conflict . 
  no , the idea of white privilege came from sociology . 
  the idea existed before tumblr . 
  was even created . 
  just because / r/tia hates that idea and that idea is somewhat popular on tumblr . 
  does n't mean it came from tumblr . 
  it would be like saying that atheism came from reddit because reddit has a large portion of people who are atheists . 
  romani can be violent criminals . 
  so can non-romani . 
  unless you 're going to argue biological racism we need to look at the broader social causes of violence and criminality . 
  calling romani people parasites is n't a solution . 
   aggressivity of the roma toward the host population . 
  just goes to show you do n't see romani people as humans but as parasites . 
  romani people are just people . 
  yeah i know . 
  i 'm really glad that the wbc was n't allowed in the uk . 
  sadly in many parts of the world that opinion is n't unpopular . 
  there is no single european culture but a variety of cultures . 
  europe is defined by the urals . 
  it 's really sad . 
  although instead of trying to establish a psuedocommunist state they 're using far-right ideologies to justify their imperialism . 
  we can just hope for the best . 
  the kremlin is n't controlled by the same people willing to go nuclear over cuba and turkey though . 
  i could see them using nukes or some of form of mass destruction . 
  ultimately though , this is n't going to last forever without resistance . 
  yet we know what happened in hungary in the 50s ... 
  wwiii is n't probably going to happen . 
  putin and obama are smart enough not to directly risk the planet 's safety . 
  cold war ii ( called it ! ), 
  is probably the worst case scenario . 
  still this is going to cause conflict , local or not , indirect or direct . 
  hong kong is culturally and geographically in asia . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   when the pennsylvania dutch left europe , german and dutch were still one language ( diets ) , so saying their language descended from german is sort-of-technically-correct but not really . 
  that 's not true . 
  dutch is descended from old frankish and german is descended from old high german . 
  they 're both west germanic languages though . 
  other than that that 's all correct . 
  it uses google translate api so probably it uses the most common definition . 
  how that is figured out i have no idea . 
  maybe not but this is n't relevant to many different subs . 
  not all subs will ban you but a lot would . 
  some people still think that lgbti means cis gay men . 
  cgpgrey explains it best . 
  man i love how he explains geopolitics . 
  well it guess it depends on region and age . 
  older people are more like to see it as a slur term than younger people i 've observed . 
  i 'm not an expert but i assume it would be based their status before union . 
  the kingdom of the netherlands and france treat them like part of the country but the united kingdom and denmark do n't . 
  trans people . 
  it does n't make you a bigot unless you are doing it with bad intent . 
  it 's still considered offensive . 
  there is n't a gay social group per se but how gay people are viewed by society .
