i am glad they at least asked scots and respected the decision one way or the other . 
  many areas with large separatist populations do n't even get asked by the federal government let alone respecting the results of that ask . 
  * sigh * okay i sort of bought on my self . 
  i responded with a rant and i get a long rant in return . 
  the united states does have criminals . 
  your response is proving my point , there are good romanies and bad romanies . 
  if all actions you linked to on askreddit where done by ethnic slovaks would anybody notice their ethnicity ? 
  of course not . 
  what you 're saying is that some romanies are bad , well duh . 
  what exactly are you saying ? 
  you admitted not all romanies are bad . 
  is there a difference between romani and non-romani criminals ? 
  edit : maybe we should work towards a society where people are treated for who they are instead of their ethnic identity ? 
  it is n't easy and will take a lot of work but we can do it . 
  bad romanies are just as bad as bad non-romanies and good romanies are just as good as good non-romanies . 
  i know i 've been largely simplistic and seemingly naive . 
  i do believe romanies like other people have free agency . 
  but stigma still plays a big role . 
  it is ignorant to say being treated like shit by your neighbors and be discriminated against would n't affect your life . 
  you showed an example of a few romanies trashing up a romanian town ? 
  when edgy white european non-romani gentile people commit crimes because it is `` cool '' nobody mentions their ethnicity . 
  trashing a town is bad of course . 
   commonly referred to as `` gypsies '' , the romani , ethnically and genealogically disparate from other europeans , began settling in america in the mid 19th century , fleeing centuries of persecution in europe . 
  americans were and are largely unaware of the cultural and historical prejudices about romani held by europeans , and though american romani are cautious about the stigma associated with their heritage , [ 2 ] they do not face discrimination or bigotry as they do in europe . 
  as a result , the social and economic position of romani in the united states is substantively more favorable than in europe , with many running successful family-owned businesses , and blending seamlessly into the community . 
  [ 1 ] the united states has the largest romani population of any country in the world . 
  it is very ignorant to say an entire ethnic group are all violent criminals , 2 to 12 million people . 
  especially since i just showed you an example of romanies getting along with people without stigma . 
  yes there are bad romanies but again there a lot of romanies who are n't and saying all romanies are bad is making things worse for everyone . 
  again , with less stigma romanies can blend in easier . 
  there are bad people of every ethnicity but they are n't resprentive . 
  if it was a small group of ethnic slovaks that terrorized that town would anybody notice their ethnicity ? 
  edit : what i 'm saying is maybe we need to work on a society where people are n't judged as criminals for their ethnicity ? 
  the united states is n't perfect in that regard either especially with the stigma and discrimination against americans of black african descent but other minority groups are discriminated here too . 
  and maybe question the underlying problem in most forms of discrimination , classism ? 
  sure it is n't that simple but promoting that stigma is n't going to help . 
  i already said criminals are responsible for their own actions . 
  that extends to what you just said . 
  people have free agency , free will . 
  it is sad what is happening and must be condemned . 
  however , to pretend centuries of discrimination and stigma that this subreddit is oh so comfortable repeating has nothing to do with it is ignorance . 
  a stigma and discrimination that must be challenged . 
  the organic industry is basically saying `` fuck using genetic engineering to make our food better , fuck scientific progress , we hate that because that 's not what our grandmas used ! '' . 
  or worse its hatred of scientific progress and making our food better with genetic engineering is based on conspiracy theories . 
  the name muhammad predates islam . 
  also i understand a lot of people do n't like their assigned name for whatever reason . 
  that 's fine , you do n't have to use the name your parents give you if you do n't want to . 
   i thought the idea of objection was for those romani who emigrated to a country not for those born there . 
  you 're right europe is n't homogenous at all . 
  certain countries in europe are probably more tolerant of romanies than other countries in europe . 
  i was giving the united states as an example because it shows that romanies can integrate into society with less discrimination and stigma . 
   as for freedom of religion there are doubts about that as long as it brings casual strong radicalism that is pretty harmful for the society them live in . 
  yep . 
  religious extremism is bad whether it be hamas , isis or the kkk . 
  nobody is for religious extremism . 
  but naming a baby muhammad , is harmless . 
  i was talking romani discrimination . 
  romani do n't have a homeland . 
  and the balkans are in europe . 
  freedom of religion is a right that should respected as long as there is no harm to oneself or others . 
  saying muslim immigrants should n't practice their religion or their culture is bigotry against muslims . 
  i am a strong supporter of the genetic engineering of foods and opposed to the organic industry . 
  also i do n't often drink coffee . 
  i just explained why , stigma and discrimination which is preventing them from becoming part of the community . 
  no i do n't think it is disconcerting at all . 
  people are free to practice whatever religion they want and name their children whatever they want . 
  do n't mistake me for an islam sympathizer , i think the religion of islam is pretty fucked up and god in islam is very sadistic . 
  but freedom of religion should be allowed as they are n't doing any illegal . 
  naming a child is n't harmful or illegal . 
  i mean christianity is just as fucked up . 
   me : well maybe stereotyping an entire ethnic group is bad . 
   anti-ziganist : well they commit a lot of crimes . 
   me : maybe discrimination and poverty will make people more likely to commit crimes . 
  not to reduce responsibility to the criminals but poverty and not ethnic identity is more likely to make people resort to drastic measures . 
  * criminals are still responsible for their own actions regardless of class or ethnicity . 
  *  anti-ziganist : shut up !, 
  it is easy to get out of poverty , and i would know because i 've never been poor in my entire life . 
  besides , you 're an american and have never meet a romani in your life . 
  you do n't know what romanies are really like . 
   me : funny you should mention that . 
  i live in oregon , which has the largest romani population in the united states . 
  and i think you should read this :  wikipedia : commonly referred to as `` gypsies '' , the romani , ethnically and genealogically disparate from other europeans , began settling in america in the mid 19th century , fleeing centuries of persecution in europe . 
  americans were and are largely unaware of the cultural and historical prejudices about romani held by europeans , and though american romani are cautious about the stigma associated with their heritage , [ 2 ] they do not face discrimination or bigotry as they do in europe . 
  as a result , the social and economic position of romani in the united states is substantively more favorable than in europe , with many running successful family-owned businesses , and blending seamlessly into the community . 
  [ 1 ]  me : while i think it is inaccurate to say there is no prejudice in the united states against romanies it is certainly lesser than in the united states . 
  it is telling that in the us with * less * prejudice romanies are able to be a part of the community . 
  who 'd would 've thunk it ? 
  these arguments are not representative of all anti-ziganists but it is of the ones i 've argued with in the past on reddit . 
  indeed it is . 
  all of czechia was part of the austro-hungarian empire , on the austrian side . 
  i checked , there is not a prague in hungary . 
  czechia was never part of hungary ever and it is n't now . 
  besides , huge difference between slavic and uralic peoples ( in term of language ) . 
  yes but the workers without country would be represented by the red flag would n't they ? 
  some people in the yugosphere still identify as ethnic yugoslavs . 
  yes but in the us most people know what you mean and thus the american part is unneeded . 
  outside of the us , australia , mexico or other countries largely established by immigrants ( and the natives too , they also helped found those countries ) , this context does need to be added . 
  this is a wild guess but maybe one of the reasons that they 're moving to ex-colonies is linguistic . 
  you want to move but do n't want to learn a new language . 
  i do n't know enough but i assume that 's a factor .
