i actually learned about that in this thread , right before i wrote my comment . 
  it 's a little `` extra work '' , but i think it 's nice . 
  hm , i 'll take the results as a `` probably not '' ... then again recent french history has shown that polls are sometimes very unreliable - all the math behind their reliability relies on the idea that the persons interrogated are representative of the whole population . 
  * question for the scots ( and other so-far-still-british people ) : is there a really serious chance of scotland leaving the uk ? 
  or are chances slim and newspapers are just creating drama ? 
  acta , and now the ttip , are exceptions imo . 
  for some reason , these agreements have been put under public scrutiny ( as they deserved ) ; they have all the elements of a good reaction-provoker : they were secretly being negociated between big and powerful countries , with the aim of being forced on everybody !, 
  you could make a dystopian/conspiracy movie out of shit like that . 
  can you name other pieces of legislation from the ue though ? 
  other trade agreements , laws , regulations etc , good or bad ? 
  i probably could n't , except for a few geek-related things , like the recent net neutrality win in the ep . 
  and even then , i seem to recall that the council is trying to bypass the ep on this matter , but i 'm not quite sure . 
  on the other hand , i could talk to you about lots of good and bad laws passed in france under the last two presidents , internet-related or not . 
  sure , french people were n't able to prevent all the bad laws from passing under the last two presidents - or before that - , as after all , politicians always get the last words , do n't they . 
  but at least we know about them , and people , activists , try to raise awareness about them . 
  every forced/bad law has a political price for the people or party passing them ( though not always as high as i 'd like to ) . 
  the same things are being put in place at the european level , at least for tech subjects ( geeks becoming more involved in politics in recents years is another interesting subject ) , but for now , who will pay a political price for supporting acta or the ttip to the detriment of the european people ? 
  i 'd replace fashion with humour . 
  i mean , you have the monty pythons and a bit of fry and laurie .7 edit : or should i say , had . 
  and will have again soon for the former . 
  this is a two-edged sword . 
  on one hand , the ue tend to be less affected by national politics , so ( for instance ) appealing a legal decision at the european level can be good for people who got screwed in their home country because of political pressure . 
  on the other hand , it gets a lot less attention , and people know less about political and lobbying groups there ; so while abusive lobbying - resulting in bad law drafts for instance - are often spotted and protested against at the national level , it 's harder at the european level . 
  in short : if done right , this can be very positive for citizens all around the ue because it can protect us from national-level bullshit ( of political nature or not ) , but it can also go wrong in a sneakier manner . 
  i thought i remembered from my school days that it symbolized the alliance between the people and the king . 
  it 's actually more complex than that : there 's a whole ( wikipedia article on the french flag ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_france#symbolism ) . 
  this is so indicative of how centralized we are in france : the only three french regions that appear in this top 34 are paris , paris and paris . 
  i do n't know german geography , but if you look at the selected british regions , they 're all over the country . 
  that 's not the point . 
  yes , the eu existed before the uk joined , and could exist without . 
  but it is hardly deniable that if we want the eu to have a significant voice on the global stage , not just economically but also ( geo ) politically - which is probably what renzi means by `` great '' - , one of the things we need is the ability to speak for the entire continent with one voice . 
  and without such a significant european country as the uk , we could n't have that . 
  the same thing could be said of france , germany , etc. 
  the eu could exist without , but the major european countries are all necessary to the union if it wants to have a significant influence . 
  both statements are not necessarily contradictory . 
  `` more '' could mean `` more countries '' , not `` more integration '' , while `` better '' would mean `` better integration of members '' . 
  then again , i do n't know matteo renzi , and he 's a politician after all , so there 's that . 
  if the context was n't as serious as it is , there 'd probably be a bitcoin joke to make here . 
  it 's true that regulations are different in each country and that it makes it hard for european companies , especially start-ups , to try and sell in every country . 
  but even if regulations were harmonized , cultural differences and the number of languages would make it hard to make a product for everyone , so the european market is difficult to conquer by nature . 
  as for the laws and taxes , you said it yourself , lots of companies just hire smart people to get around . 
  intel spends $ 10b a year in r&d . this alone should answer your question for processor manufacturers !, 
  the level of complexity is huge . 
  europe does have some companies in that field , such as the french [ stmicroelectronics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stmicroelectronics ) , but you ca n't really create a giant out of thin air . 
  airbus was not `` created '' through political will - many already existing and established companies were `` merged '' to become airbus . 
  also , for computer hardware , the market is very mature , with extremely well developped companies already very well established . 
  the barrier of entry is way too high for a new player to emerge solely on ( make-believe ) political will . 
  decreasing overseas reliance would be a good thing ... but it 's something that can not be forced . 
  the thing that would be most likely to upset the cpu market ( or any hardware market for that matter ) would be a major discovery or invention , that a company would commercialize . 
  if intel 's products became obsolete , and intel failed to adapt , then a new company would take its place . 
  but for that to happen , you need to invest in research , in hardware startups , etc. . . not in some european network fantasy . 
  [ raspberry pi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raspberry_pi ) 's cpu and gpu are made by ... broadcom , an american company . 
  also , the pi is just one device , and a very specific niche device at that . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love it and am super happy that it 's european , but to get a bigger european hardware industry , you need mainstream , mass-produced products to use european-designed hardware , not just niche products . 
  yes , it 's true that vulnerabilities have been willingly added at all levels of software and hardware . 
  but even without adding any , security holes are found regularly in every software . 
  whole companies are built around the idea of being the first to discover them to sell them . 
  protocol security breaches also exist . 
  not to mention the human factor . 
  all in all , yes we could make the net a lot safer by fixing these things or creating new things without the intentional weaknesses . 
  but this would take a long time and a lot of money , would not be easy , would probably be sabotaged by both foreign and domestic intelligence agencies ( `` what about legal interception ? '', 
  etc ) ... and is n't related to building the european network the original link is about :p, 
  would the british people even be interested in joining such a network , if it were to be built ? 
  from what i can see in france , the british do n't seem to be too fond of the eu ... 
  but then again , between reality and the image i get in the media , there could be a wide gap . 
  france , king of protectionism ? 
  i 've heard some other countries are quite good at that too :p as for the points you make : * if intra-eu traffic does jump through us or asia , it is the result of one of two possible reasons : either a massive hack ( or mistake ) that diverted the traffic , or the path eu1 - us - eu2 is `` better '' from a technical standpoint ( faster , more bandwidth , etc ) . 
  the path is determined by standard protocols . 
  you could legally compel european isps to add more capacity to their exchange points , making it less likely for data to travel through the us , but that is n't the same as creating a euronetwork , so i guess this is n't what they have in mind . 
  as for the example you give , whether it 's a hack or a mistake , it 's both exceptional and unavoidable . 
  no law will force the packets to travel only inside the eu . 
  * network equipment from eu companies , yes !, 
  we have alcatel-lucent , for instance , and i very much agree that having such companies is of strategic interest . 
  once again , you mention protectionism , and that reminds me of french minister arnaud montebourg calling french mobile phone operators to [ favor alcatel-lucent equipment ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/economie/article/2013/10/09/alcatel-lucent-montebourg-appelle-les-operateurs-telephoniques-a-la-solidarite_3492526_3234.html ) . 
  there again , it might be questionable in motive and execution , and that 's a whole other discussion , but it has nothing to do with a eu-exclusive network and data protection bs ... * common digital market makes little sense : the internet and the web are both global markets . 
  eu services would be really cool , and we do have a few of them , but as long as the us equivalents are better and/or more popular , you ca n't force europeans to use the european ones . 
  once again , there probably would be things to do to increase the appeal of the european alternatives , but this euronetwork thing is n't one of them . 
  to sum up : while the goals - bringing jobs in the eu , developing our `` digital economies '' etc. . . - are good , none of the discussions of op 's link are good ideas to reach them , and completely miss the point . 
  maybe that 's a part of their reasoning indeed . 
  but in that case there would be so many better ways to make europe more attractive ... 
  i personally just hope this will quickly be forgotten . 
  this is ridiculous on so many levels ... * this is a human nonsense . 
  any network is vulnerable to hacking . 
  even if 100 % eu-made perfect hardware and software are used to build this , what , `` new isp '' and the services hosted in it , it will be a major target for every intelligence agency in the world . 
  with their $ 10b budget , it would only be a matter of weeks before the nsa gets access to whaterver it wants . 
  if they ca n't use built-in security holes , they will hire people to give them access . 
  that or any of the hundreds of other ways . 
  you just can not make a network of that size 100 % secure . 
  * this is a technical nonsense . 
  there is no way to build such a network with 100 % eu-made hardware and software . 
  there will be processors conceived in the us , components built in china , etc. 
  unless our dear politicians also plan on creating whole industries out of thin air . 
  so whatever it is they would supposedly prevent by using eu tech , they would n't . 
  * this is a political nonsense . 
  `` european network '' you say ? 
  well , the uk is part of the 5 eyes , so if they have access to it , they 'll share it with the nsa . 
  and even if the uk is kept out of this euronetwork , which would be ridiculous ... 
  both french and german intelligence agencies cooperate with the nsa . 
  they 'd share their access too . 
  * this is a commercial nonsense .
