  is it too much to dream for that the banks might take on some of these losses now ? 
  or will it still be privatize the profits ; socialize the losses for them ? 
  it 's a total embarrassment ; blasphemy is prohibited by our constitution ( drafted in 1937 by [ arch-catholic eamon de valera ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89amon_de_valera ) - so it can only be changed by referendum . 
  they tagged on another referendum to the recent gay marriage one ( to lower the age someone could be president from 35 to 21 - it failed ) - so maybe next big referendum , this issue will get tagged on . 
  it 's seen as a bit too trivial to go to all the expense of a having a referendum all on it 's own & i think the thinking was gay marriage & getting rid of blasphemy in one go in 2015 might have made too many grannies choke on their cornflakes . 
  well it looks like the ecb & it 's attempts to blackmail democracy have just had the rug pulled from under their feet . 
  i 'll guess the obama administration is behind it ( thank you president obama ) - [ but the imf has backed down . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jul/02/imf-greece-needs-extra-50bn-euros ) yanni & co. are european heroes & the winners of the battle of austeritylitz . 
  well done yannis & co & thank you greece from an irishman - for doing the brave , tough & necessary thing . 
  now we need to ask ourselves do we need to inflict so much misery on so many other ( particularly young ) people in spain , portugal , ireland & italy - for the sake of blessed austerity . 
  jonathan swift would love your [ modest proposal . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_modest_proposal ), 
    the new drachma : the move to the new drachma ... . . -- would likely create enormous short-term disruption when we 're already at the stage where everyone is fighting fires with gasoline ... 
  a huge chuck of the debt has to go & you do n't mention that . 
  smart move yannis . 
  he 's right & given the huge 20 % + contraction in the economy & the huge variance between facts & what the troika insist is happening on the ground , he 's surely got a case . 
  i also think the tide has turned ; juncker 's display today was pure desperation . 
  no mainstream economist actually believes what the imf is saying & this is all politics now . 
  so the imf wants to burn down europe rather than given an inch on imposing neo-liberal / corporatist policies that are so clearly failing . 
  they deserve to be up in court . 
  what the troika/imf want is regime change ; and imposing neo-liberal/corporatist economic policies . 
  this despite the fact reality ( not just in greece ) is diverging all over the world from this model . 
  we are drowning in debt everywhere , it 's the only thing that is giving us `` growth '' any more & this after the trillions of qe . 
  the whole thing has to come crashing down anyway . 
  i 've a feeling when we look back at all of this ; today will be a key day in the history books . 
  juncker , merkel & the rest - are actually powerless ; the global financial system is so unstable it can not deal with writing down any of this debt without imploding . 
  yannis & co. , may be doing us all a favour blowing the whole thing up a bit of schedule ; it was inevitable anyway . 
  it 's time for a breakup alright ; i want us to get rid of the imf/troika - not destroy the european union . 
  well yes ; but i am literally stunned that is the official eu response to the greek people . 
  wow . 
  conservatives going hysterical as world continues to change & evolve . 
  headline news since all of recorded history . 
  if greece defaults and stay in the ez , i wonder on human rights grounds , what legal recourse it has to the inevitable imf/troika legal moves against it ? 
  [ at this point i 'm beginning to see austerity as a human rights issue ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/28/the-greeks-for-whom-all-the-talk-means-nothing-because-they-have-nothing ) - as were clearly beyond normal politics/economics now . 
    17 % unable to meet their daily food needs, 
  i like the way they 're going for the low hanging fruit first ; china & india , piffle . 
  let 's see them try and take on lichtenstein . 
   it 's always easier to blame someone else than to fix one 's own problems . 
  in that germany - please take responsibility for all your dopey banks that piled into irish property loans prior to the 2008 crash ; we the irish taxpayers are sick of footing your bills & listening to you moaning about other people . 
  frankly watching our finance minister line up to twist the knife into the backs of ordinary greeks on the imf 's behalf was sickening . 
  next question ; why are irish taxpayers still paying for the dopey german banks who thought irish property was a great bet in 2005 ? 
  of course our imf loving lackeys ( who votes in their own pay & pensions ) wo n't be asking that question on our behalf will they ? 
  why should they ; any economist knows that debt can never be repaid in full . 
  so `` forcing them out of europe '' is just threats from the imf . 
  it 's the imf that needs to change . 
   the system that 's based on natural law has survived and continued i 'm fascinated by all this , which is why i spend most of my time on reddit at r/futurology but i agree - what will naturally happen is far more likely than anything people campaign for , or wish to impose , etc , etc and only time will tell . 
  neither of us have crystal balls to look into & tell the future ; but one thing i am sure of is that we are living through times of great change , so we 'll have to wait & see . 
  but if intelligence is defined by the ability to adapt to a changing environment ; it would be foolish not to at least imagine the future might be different . 
  thought experiment for you . 
  it 's 2022 . 
  blockchain technologies have totally altered our conception of currencies & financial institutions . 
  there are many types of money now & many new ways of doing business & interacting economically . 
  mired in debt many of the old institutions crashed and burned in the second great recession of 2016 , but that was a blessing really . 
  [ houses can be 3d printed for $ 10k  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sobzndyrtbs0 ) the olden days of 30 year mortgages for vastly over priced property seems a distant memory - those prices crashed long ago . 
  $ 50k debt for your education seems backwardness now too ; mooc 's are almost free in comparison . 
  more and more people have nearly self-sufficient home solar . 
  the 3d printing economy has replaced made in china & manufacturing has come back home ; to everyone 's home . 
  where so many people felt fear & dread in the old economy ; they now feel liberated & safe . 
  some old baby boomers still rant & rave about their pensions ; but as we do n't really need the stock market anymore - what can we do ? 
  they 'll be ok , they might even get to like this new world with its life extending technologies and new opportunities . 
  but from there point of view defaulting now & negotiating a few years down the line when it suits them to pay a percentage has got to be the better option ? 
   as opposed to letting the financial system exposed to some flaws and have it all fall ? 
  i would n't imagine it will be any sort of apocalypse ; these are mainly ones & zeros in an accounting system after all . 
  also , if this happens ( big if ) - it will be the system bringing itself down . 
  where are we supposed to go from here ? 
  automation just around the corner means even more job losses . 
  this debt thing can not last forever . 
    clearing you of debt , and making every money lender in the world extremely averse to ever giving you a loan again . 
  except banks always come back to the defaulters eventually . 
    so they can not simply declare them void . 
  why not ? 
  that is the obvious thing countries do in this circumstance . 
  but presumably you can do the country/nation equivalent of declaring bankruptcy - so you are free of the debt at least ? 
  i 've met & heard of quite a few irish people who emigrated to canada in the last years & then emigrated back to ireland , because the weather is so damn rainy , grey & depressing ; they just could n't take it . 
  wow , canada - you have even rainier , grayer , more depressing weather than ireland . 
  i 'm shocked you people survive at all there . 
   they have been taken by your elected representatives in order to exactly . 
  our representatives are always taking on the banks mistakes . 
  my point was a wider one . 
  within the accounting system you describe ; technically your statement is correct . 
  in a wider sense , my original point holds . 
  all of the banks loans to greece have been been forced on eu taxpayers - so of course now ; it 's true to say eu member states are liable . 
  those liabilities were originally the banks . 
  you are saying the equivalent of nama is responsible for all the bad loans it made prior to 2008 ; when of course it did n't exist . 
   the creditors are the member states . 
  of course they are ; the taxpayer is liable for all the banks mistakes - you are merely restating that . 
  credit where credit is due ; maybe the daily mail is trying to change . 
  i 've noticed a lot of their articles about women over 35 now ; do n't automatically start with a picture of said women when she was 18 & a long series of rhetorical questions about why the fat cow has let herself go so much . 
  the torygraph loves its clikckbaity reactionism . 
  you get the impression reading it sometimes , if it is n't working it 's conservative base into a constant state of righteous indignation at everything - it is n't doing it 's job . 
   after presenting a few arguments in this sub defending muslims and saying the problem is radicals and not every single muslim , and the irony is whoever murdered all those tourists in tunisia , wants nothing more than some holy/race war between muslims & infidels . 
  which is exactly what the stormfront nazi 's want too . 
  those guys are on the same side . 
  given they were elected 5 months ago , its safe to say they express the will of the people ; & new elections should clarify the peoples will again . 
   until the election takes place , the greek economy will have crashed totally as their banks would run out of money in a matter of days . 
  he 's right to see that as blackmail ; the people should have the right to choose . 
  the irony of all this is that all the extra debt is just more money to creditors ; looks like that gravy train about to stop . 
  as the greek people voted in syriza ; only fair they get to vote again at this point . 
  thank you !, 
  i 've been misusing that , oh dear , should go back & revise critical thinking 101,
