  thanks for acknowledging that . 
  i find the `` dig a big hole & throw them all in it '' response you see a lot in the right wing popular press , is so depressing . 
  of course 100,000 's of extra people is an intolerable strain no one wants . 
  but people should ask themselves what they would want for their loved ones and families if they were in some of the hellholes these middle eastern countries are becoming . 
   yeah , no , that 's bullshit . 
  really , because syria & somalia look like hell on earth i 'd want to get my family out of if i could . 
  no one denies 100,000 's of refugees is a massive problem we do n't want in a europe that huge unemployment for natives . 
  denying these peoples basic humanity is ugly & demeans everyone . 
  in australia voting is legally compulsory . 
  not a bad system ; people fought and died in their millions so we could have democracy . 
   as i ca n't recall any non violent smooth revolution i prefer an evolutionary approach in small steps . 
  the thing with this decentralization trend is that it 's happening anyway . 
  power shifting from the old media to online for example . 
  personally i think technology seems to be decentralizing everything & paradoxically as the planets population grows by billions , making us all more self-empowered as individuals . 
  i 'm hoping the 21st century is going to be the age of the individual where the 20th century was the age of mass society ( mass media , mass movements ) . 
  in which case maybe trying to reform dying institutions is a waste of time ? 
  we should be concentrating on the birth of their replacements ? 
   we need even more a wider spread of democracy , an interested , informed and responsible public , to back up reasonable policies bottom-up . 
  i could not agree more with these sentiments ; however it begs a question . 
  what do we do with the institutions we have now ? 
  all out reform , or something else ? 
  apathy only allows us to be exploited more and more . 
    berlin rule benefits germans . 
  one interpretation . 
  i think a truer one might be that we 've reached the end of the line after 30 + years of neo-liberalism . 
  the system they sold us is supposed to work ; the `` medicine '' they insist will work if only the greeks would take more and more of it , despite the fact it 's so obviously poisoning & sickening them . 
  i 've a feeling were coming to some end game here . 
  greece has been around for thousands of years ; it will survive . 
  christine lagarde & the never ending shock troops of neo-liberalism ; i 'm not so sure . 
   that and writing from a mobile is uncomfy as fuck if you 're on android - just press the little microphone symbol & google wufu magic will turn your voice into words . 
  ;-) i did guess yes . 
   sweden is about to go into a serious fucking national crisis and we 're literally doing noting about it . 
  welcome to life in ireland too . 
  you can buy 3 bedroomed houses in some parts of ireland for the price of a 2/3 years average rent in dublin , where prices are constantly getting higher . 
  we also have us equity funds buying up huge chunks of the rental market here , i believe that happens in spain a lot too & they are manipulating the market on top of the shortages , at this point in my life , i need to buy somewhere to live . 
  i 'm fortunate i 've the skills to transition to working from a laptop . 
  i 'll never get a mortgage ( from the utterly bankrupt/all nationalized ) irish banks . 
  so save cash & to buy somewhere cheap with broadband seems the way forward . 
  this will put a lot britain 's ukip voters in a bind ; they 're natural conservatives , so going against the queen ... good for her for expressing the occasional opinion . 
  if sky-diving into the opening ceremony of the olympics showed anything , at least she 's not afraid of changing tradition a bit . 
   and had no idea how to govern the fact that people think we need some special class of people with magic governing skills is one of the things that disempowers us in democracies . 
  i honestly believe if people were selected at random by lottery to govern countries it would be better ; it works perfectly for trial by jury . 
  do you think if we had some special class of paid semi-permanent jurors - we would get better justice ? 
   seriously , what outcome did you expect ? 
  that the rest of europe was simply gon na open the checkbook and announce `` here 's your debt cut , no further reform needed , keep on doing what you are doing '' ? 
  why not , [ germany has benefited from total debt forgiveness more than once since the end of word war 2 . 
  ] ( http://www.davidmcwilliams.ie/2015/06/22/the-eus-disgraceful-treatment-of-greece ) get off your moral high horse . 
  as economic reality diverges ever further from the elite 's insistence that `` everything is awesome '' & we just need to work harder ... . 
  i think we 'll be hearing more and more about basic income from now on . 
  i do n't think it 's a very good idea though ; too centralized & too bureaucratic . 
  people in r/futurology spend a lot of time on this topic . 
  if i was to think what might be more likely - i 'd point to the ethereum project . 
  they are using the blockchain technology underlying bitcoin - but expanding it to allow anyone to build reliable financial systems , networks & currencies of their own . 
  once you start thinking outside the box on what currencies could be ( especially if anyone could create them - not just central banks ) - possibilities look interesting . 
  a decentralized automated bartering network that instantaneously matches your production capabilities with your consumption needs ( if someone else can produce ) - and that 's it 's currency ... . not saying it will replace money anytime soon , but it could be an economic lifeline - to the huge chunk of the younger generation who can not find success in the way the world is run economically now . 
  what i find amazing is that the likes of merkel & hollande are surprised the us was spying on them & were using unsecured phones . 
  it does n't matter if france is the usa 's oldest ally ; if i was france i would assume them , the russians , the chinese , probably the israelis . 
  maybe the total shock is theater for french public consumption . 
  the trouble is , this is just extend & pretend , but for the issue of immigration . 
  if these people had even the most basic economic opportunities at home ; they would not be our problem now . 
  i 'm not suggesting europe is to blame for all the world 's ill - or even can fix them all . 
  but hungary 's approach - is just short term & sticking your head in the sand . 
  collectively - we are going to have to think of something smarter & more decent . 
  if we want to send people back - lets at least help make them want to stay where they came from . 
  our baby boom is a well observed phenomena here ; oddly it seems to have picked up pace since the 2008 financial crisis . 
  i 'm also surprised at the uniformity between northern ireland & the rest of ireland on this . 
  lisbon is an absolutely beautiful city , i wondered when i was there do the shoe shops ever sell high heels in the entire history of the city though ; every pavement is cobble stones . 
  i spotted a dutch campervan van in ireland last week , i was impressed , it probably took two car ferries to get here . 
    why does n't someone remind germany that in 1948 the introduction of the deutsche mark ( backstopped by american capital ) wiped out most of germany 's domestic debt ? 
    or what about the fact that in 1953 half of germany 's external debts , including their interest payments , were wiped out at the behest of a bankrupt britain ? 
    albrecht ritschl , an economic historian at the london school of economics , estimated that the total debt forgiveness west germany received from 1947 to 1953 was more than 280 per cent of germany 's 1950 gdp . 
    why does n't someone also point out that a clause in the london agreement of 1953 , which wiped out half of germany 's debts determined that west germany should only pay for the debts out of its trade surplus ? 
  this is exactly what the greeks have put on the table , but they are rebuked by the likes of christine lagarde for not being credible . 
  all good points . 
    a common belief among those on the far right that current ukrainian president petro poroshenko is secretly jewish , as valtzman is poroshenko 's `` real jewish name '' according to right-wing russian conspiracy theories . 
  yes , and president ebola from kenya is in a secret benghazi style conspiracy with hillary clinton to not reveal the truth about 9/11 so they can take away your guns . 
  different sides of the atlantic ; same tiny little minds . 
  true ; it 's hard to see `` winners '' here ; just people who can lose less badly in different ways . 
  if i was to guess/wildly speculate at yanis & co 's thinking ; i would imagine they might see a global economy ( particulalry the us & european bits ) that has only been able `` grow '' by adding more & more debt since the financial crisis of 2008 . 
  many people see this as unsustainable & eventually the whole jenga blocks of debt will have to come crashing down on everyone - so play the waiting game might be their strategy . 
   full retard mode . 
  or sophisticated double play game from the people who brought us `` trojan horses '' ? 
  gald to see they worked out an extend and pretend deal at the weekend ; [ if juncker is play bitch-slapping tsipras ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wggqzxn.png ) you can assume sending the `` wrong '' documents is pure theatre too . 
  it 's a very well observed phenomena that as countries become richer , and it 's women more economically independent , birth rates drop dramatically . 
  basically , 1 . 
  parents can assume all their children will live to adulthood & 2 . 
  you do n't need to think of relying on them utterly in your old age . 
  if we were smart about solving the huge immigration crisis in north africa - we would concentrate on helping the people there get richer . 
  i 'm going to bet extend & pretend for greece is going to come out of all of this . 
  today will be very revealing . 
  i 'm betting after all the posturing - it will probably come down to extend & pretend . 
  of course , this will mean adding more money to greece 's debt it 's never going to pay . 
  the world is awash in new debt since 2008 to paper over the cracks in the global financial system , so at some stage - it 's not all going to be paid back either , the greeks just have to wait long enough ... 
  so extend & pretend & no one loses their job ; ah , europe at it 's best . 
  who says there is no middle ground ? 
  this is unchartered territory & at this stage waving a scary stick at the greeks is n't going to make any difference . 
  they are living in an economic warzone & their tormentors are the imf & ecb . 
  there are some serious anti-democratic forces at work now within the eu . 
  at this stage i 'm thankful we have yanis & co to show us in stark relief , just how bad things are . 
  that the ecb , intervened via the bank of greece - to try and add to the chaos ( i do n't think trying to bring down democratically elected governments it disagrees with is part of it 's mandate ) - is another indication of the `` truth '' of matters .
