on the one hand , he has a point - this is what happened to the ussr in the 1980 's , on the other hand , if you are going to use gas supplies as a political weapon ... . . 
  as i see it , the breakdown in support for traditional politics , is far from a british phenomena - its mirrored right across the rest of europe & the us too . 
  and it 's all for the same reason ; something has gone badly wrong with an economic model that used to make us all richer ; but is now doing the opposite . 
  nick farage and his bunch of clowns are the temporary beneficiaries ; but idiots are idiots , over the long term they have no serious answers or ways of dealing with these huge challenges . 
  as time goes on , they will only be exposed more and more for the fools they are . 
  i 've a very strong feeling when it comes down to it , when/if there is a referendum the uk population will vote to stay in the eu . 
  there 's a strong vein of common sense running through the british character ; i just do n't see them being that barmy . 
  plus , what i think is going to become more and more apparent to people , is that the real issue here is globalization - and its happening everywhere in europe and the us . 
  [ i wonder was the fact the hungarian parliament passed emergency laws today with 3 year prison sentences ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/hungary-passes-anti-migration-laws-refugees-walk-toward-austria-budapest-2083602 ) for people crossing hungary 's border illegally anything to do with this ? 
  after all these people have been through i 'd say a 100 + km march down a motorway , probably just seems like one more step on a long journey at this point ... 
    `` those arriving have been raised in another religion , and represent a radically different culture . 
  most of them are not christians , but muslims , '' he said . 
  `` this is an important question , because europe and european identity is rooted in christianity . 
  is it not worrying in itself that european christianity is now barely able to keep europe christian ? 
  there is no alternative , and we have no option but to defend our borders . '' i doubt very much the majority of europeans share whatever far-right vision he is referring to here . 
  people are well able to retrain for new jobs at any point in their lives ; many , many millions of people have done this already . 
   the debt only increases due to government spending . 
  the bailouts do n't increase the debt , they lower it . 
  are you sure ? 
  because the $ 240 billion the troika gave greece between 2010 - 2014 is usually added to their debt figures , not taken away from it ? 
  but that is also their income ? 
  so if mainstream economist 's are saying it was impossible for them to replay the debt before ; how does increasing the debt even more & cutting their income even more - make things better ? 
  it looks worse on 2 fronts ? 
  greece seems like it 's in one of those payday loans from hell . 
  where interest keeps getting added on the initial loan & then new interest payments calculated from a figure that just gets higher & higher . 
  it 's actually in a budget surplus - all this `` bailout '' is just more money for the banks ? 
  exactly , it 's hard to imagine all of syriza backing this , by wednesday no less !, 
  i 'm confused here ; so greece basically gets to cede it 's sovereignty in return for allowing the troika to repay itself ? 
  and there is no actual hard deal on the table - this only established the basis for negotiations for another aid package ? 
  also i 'm struggling to see how even more debt is supposed to reverse the 25 % shrink in greece 's gdp since the troika 's policies started being implemented in the first place ? 
   greece is made an example to scare some country so that they start reforming , many will praise germany for having taken this hard decision that enforced fiscal responsibility and saved the ez from the debt trap . 
  on that topic ; i 'd love to know why the banks who make the dud loans are never made an example of or have fiscal responsibility imposed on them . 
  they can well afford it with their 10 's of billions of profits every year ; far more than the ordinary greek people . 
  but no it 's privatize the profits & socialize the losses for them . 
  funny that never seems to bother the right-wingers , like sch\u00e4uble who are all about financial responsibility for everyone else though . 
  when the dust settles on this ; i think it will be germany the history books will judge the most harshly . 
  that germany thought treating ordinary greek people this way was ok & acceptable for political ends is disgusting . 
  and , given the leadership position in europe by default in the 21st century , germany has been an utter failure as a leader . 
  no one has done more damage to the european project since it was started as the european coal & steel community all those years ago . 
  i am starting to think germany , wolfgang sch\u00e4uble especially , has been engineering this for some time . 
  shame on you germany . 
  other countries have been so generous in the past to you when it comes to debt relief ; but you 're willing to blow up europe just to get your own way above all else . 
  sudsy , mmm so it 's like a mexican bloody mary for bud lite ? 
  that actually sounds like it could work , id give that a try ... 
   green bud lite you can keep it ; i 'd need to be drunk already to think that was a proper drink ;-), 
  you should introduce more drinking into your national holiday ; does wonders for broad based international appeal . 
    new york , april 16 , 2015 - the goldman sachs group , inc. ( nyse : gs ) today reported net revenues of $ 10.62 billion and net earnings of $ 2.84 billion for the first quarter ended march 31 , 2015 they should have some of that money confiscated ; european taxpayers are picking up the bills for their dishonesty . 
  the biggest criminals have the easiest time . 
  what is he playing at ? 
  so basically the euro is not to be a currency union , but back to being a hard currency peg like the erm ? 
  countries can just come & go ? 
  great i 'm sure spain & portugal would like a bit of currency devaluation too . 
  plus as germany by default is leader in all of this - what games is schauble playing & why do so many people in greece have to suffer so he gets to `` prove '' his point ? 
  i 'd imagine the new drachma will devalue quickly against the euro ; so great for tourism & exports & thus employment . 
  particulalry tourism - greece will be a lot cheaper spain/portugal/italy . 
  it will be medium term chaos no doubt , but from the greeks point of view they have that already with austerity , so it ca n't get much worse . 
  it will also be bad news for savers though whose euro denominated savings will be converted into new drachmas & then probably devalued . 
    then the closer they get to their old standard of living , the more they 'll be unemployed again . 
  not necessarily ; if you have a free floating currency it can drop in value , making your exports cheaper/you country cheaper to visit . 
  greece would never have had the horrible problems it has now if it had stuck with the drachma . 
  i meant exiting the eurozone - not the eu , just the currency arrangement . 
  grexit will probably be the best option ; sure imports will be dearer , but at least it will restore employment & a functional economy . 
  i 'm wondering who 's next to leave the euro now ? 
  spain & portugal especially have `` lost generations '' of 50 % unemployed . 
  the eu ca n't help . 
  i 'm starting to think leaving the ez is going to get more and more attractive for some countries . 
  i was listening to an old 80 's song today - bruce hornsby 's - way it is . 
    standing in line marking time   waiting for the welfare dime   'cause they ca n't buy a job   the man in the silk suit hurries by   as he catches the poor ladies ' eyes   just for fun he says , `` get a job '' if these are the ignorant types - we are supposed to be in a `` union '' with - i 'd like to see them go out on their ugly own way - and we go back to be 28 separate countries . 
  i 'm totally cynical & finished with the eu now - i 'd vote to get ireland out tomorrow. ,, 
  as it looks like the ecb are determined to tighten the screws on greece , i hope euclid tsakalotos knows what he 's doing this week . 
  i 'm starting to think pulling out of the ez ( but not eu ) is the only way forward . 
  it looks like the imf wants to talk realism & restructuring - but germany will never buy it . 
  i did n't realize that - i just came across it somewhere else ; i hope it 's still not true 5 years in the future & we wo n't be still dealing with this in 2020 . 
  exactly true in ireland too . 
  what is more maddening here ; is that no politician or banker has ever faced any consequences for their actions . 
  our failed political leaders instead get super generous pensions for life . 
  yet they have saddled every tax payer with a bill in the region of $ 45,000 . 
  meanwhile they decide their pay & pensions ; which are among the worlds most generous - and then lecture all of us about taking our medicine & line up with the troika to lecture the greek people the same . 
  i 'm beyond sickened by the whole thing at this point - marie antoinette & let them eat cake , is what comes to mind . 
  this reminds me of a certain poem ...   when i am an old woman i shall wear purple with a red hat that does n't go , and does n't suit me , and i shall spend my pension on brandy and summer gloves and satin sandals , and say we 've no money for butter . 
  i shall sit down on the pavement when i am tired , and gobble up samples in shops and press alarm bells , and run my stick along the public railings , and make up for the sobriety of my youth . 
  i shall go out in my slippers in the rain and pick the flowers in other people 's gardens , and learn to spit . 
  you can wear terrible shirts and grow more fat , and eat three pounds of sausages at a go , or only bread and pickle for a week , and hoard pens and pencils and beer mats and things in boxes . 
  but now we must have clothes that keep us dry , and pay our rent and not swear in the street , and set a good example for the children . 
  we will have friends to dinner and read the papers . 
  but maybe i ought to practise a little now ? 
  so people who know me are not too shocked and surprised , when suddenly i am old and start to wear purple !, 
   so you 're saying news about the middle east are propaganda , but talking about `` heroic volunteers '' would be good journalism ? 
  i 'm thinking you might be part of the problem ... 
  the counter argument to your point of view , is that we are just feeding the likes of isis by giving them constant publicity for their latest debaucheries . 
  if we focused our attention on peace efforts , maybe we could have growth in that . 
  a variation on do n't feed the trolls ( isis ) ? 
  god knows the endless downward spiral in the middle east could do with changing ... 
  another way to deal with this problem - is to call it out in comments ?? 
  so every time an issue is being discussed you can preface your comments with `` bearing in mind this is official russian state funded propaganda ... '' or `` bearing in mind this is just right wing populist sensationalism ... '' also - how wide is your definition of propaganda ? 
  many publications/sources - have only one point of view - they usually give their audience what they want - why do we constantly hear about hate & violence in the middle east - but almost never about the everyday efforts of people trying to build peace or some of the heroic volunteers in places like lebanon dealing with the huge amount of refugees from syria ? 
  in that case why is all the extra bailout money just interest payments on debt - none of it goes to the greek people ? 
  it seems about as fair as those 250 % payday loans . 
   if you do n't want austerity , who is going to pay ? 
  what about bringing back the concept of moral hazard ?
