  it might be over half a year until britain has a leader capable of addressing the myriad crises now engulfing it . 
    the country does not have that kind of time . 
  despite arguments for patience from continental anglophiles , including angela merkel , the insistence that britain immediately invoke article 50 of the lisbon treaty , launching exit negotiations and that can last no longer than two years , is hardening . 
  soon it may be a consensus . 
  britain could be thrust into talks under a lame-duck leader with no clear notion of what brexit should look like or mandate to negotiate . 
  all against a background of intensifying economic turmoil and increasingly ugly divides on the country 's streets . 
  the country is sailing into a storm . 
  and no-one is at the wheel . 
    i love how the implication is that self-rule is a bad thing , especially from a supposedly leftist publication . 
  try reading the article before you make a knee-jerk reaction . 
  he 's not saying it 's a bad thing ; merely that it would be helpful to the debate if it was acknowledged . 
  malta - so small , the airport runway is 10 % the length of the entire country . 
  i 'm surprised by how fast this gibraltar-eu issue has descended into ridiculousness on the uk side . 
  if the ludicrous suggestion , from a former tory minister , the uk & spain might go to war over gibraltar was n't silly enough , that gibraltar 's chief representative is using language like this to talk to the eu just adds to the foolishness . 
  interesting use of language `` cuckolded '' - given that `` cuck '' is now a term of abuse in the american alt-right . 
  this will go down like a lead balloon with eu27 & does not bode well for the good deal , that gibraltar , if it had any brains should be working hard for . 
  instead they are losing all sympathy & making it easy for spain to get whatever they want . 
    it 's pretty shitty morally though , it pretty much calls for the population currently living there to be ignored and that their right to self determination means nothing i have a feeling this is soon going to come down to practicalities . 
  whatever future relationship gibraltar has with the eu will be down to spain from now on . 
  the people of gibraltar may some tough choices ahead if they want an economic relationship with the rest of europe . 
    that gibraltar was given to britain `` in perpetuity '' by the treaty of utrecht of 1713 . 
  thankfully the world has changed since 1713 . 
  the treaty of utrecht also gave brazil to portugal , much of italy to the hapsburgs and gave britain the monopoly on the shipping of african slaves to south america ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... gibraltar is plainly listed by the un as a non self governing territory . 
  self-determination is not applicable in international law . 
  un general assembly resolution 2353 specifically asserted that gibraltar is a colony which impinges on the territorial integrity of spain and thus on spanish right to self-determination , and that a referendum of the colonial population could not change that . 
  i had n't really given much thought to gibraltar up until now , but that legal argument is quite compelling . 
  i wonder could gibraltar survive economically in the event of a no-deal brexit & sudden return to wto trading rules . 
    the common travel area yes , this dates from ireland leaving the uk in 1922 . 
  it also means irish/british citizens can live , work & vote in each others countries . 
  i wonder what will happen to this arrangement , i guess it will be something that will have to be negotiated with the other eu countries as part of the brexit negotiations . 
    what about a fully independent north or a federated ireland ? 
  these ideas get talked about - but the main nationalist party , sinn f\u00e9in , is dead set against them - they firmly want a united ireland , or nothing . 
  a huge proportion of unionists would n't be that keen either , they want full uk union remaining . 
  that said there is a lot of people ( around a third ) , both catholic & protestant , who identify with a northern ireland identity - rather than a strong united ireland nationalist identity or a unionist one . 
    many unionists here would still rather be a part of the eu with ireland than be out of the eu with the uk i do n't think a united ireland is likely any time soon , though there seems an eventual inevitability to it , as long term demographic trends with birthrate & emigration , see the proportion of catholics increase to protestants . 
  though plenty of catholics do n't necessarily support ui - so its not simply a matter of them being in majority . 
  that said , paradoxically , i wonder will brexit end up integrating north & south more economically . 
  economic ties that had been left to themselves , have now become political actions points , that almost everyone north/south seems to agree on , now that so many jobs are on the line . 
  i 'd also wonder is northern ireland going to end up getting some `` special status '' relative to the eu , that britain wo n't . 
  everyone there has an automatic right to an irish passport ( & thus eu citizenship ) which is another way it is different from britain . 
  i know it 's selfish , but i 'm most interested in brexit for the sake of northern ireland . 
  most of my relatives live in ulster near the border ( on the southern side ) and people are worried there . 
  people had got used to forgetting about the border and getting on with daily life to-ing & fro-ing with jobs & businesses . 
  cross-border trade is a huge part of life on both sides of the border . 
  i 've very little confidence this matters much to the hard brexiters running the show in london . 
  the only ray of light here is the irish government seems laser focused on it & have said its ireland 's no 1 priority at the moment . 
  i expect them to work hard with our other 26 partners & call in every last favour they can , to secure the best deal for northern ireland . 
  although i identify as centre-left politically - i make a habit of regularly looking at the `` other side 's '' media too . 
  things like the us national review site , or the uk 's daily mail . 
  there is a phenomenon i 've noticed with the daily mail in the last few months , that fascinates me & i wonder is it related to russian propaganda efforts . 
  if you check out the daily mail 's comments section & sort by `` best rated '' - you get the top 10 most liked comments . 
  on trump articles they are only ever one of two things - either 100 % pro-trump , or more rarely , 100 % anti-trump . 
  here 's 2 examples from the last couple of days on the story of the fbi confirming they are investigating the trump campaign & collusion with russian interference in last years election . 
  [ sample 1 ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4331762/fbi-director-confirms-trump-campaign-russian-investigation.html ) & [ sample 2 . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4333092/fbi-probing-alleged-trump-campaign-collusion-russia.html ) in the first , the comments are 100 % anti-trump . 
  this tends to happen when bad stories for trump have just broken and only then . 
  all the rest of the time the comments are 100 % pro-trump in any daily mail article , as in the second later version of the same story . 
  as daily mail readers are prime targets for russian propaganda & manipulation - i would expect russia to be doing something here . 
  mmmmm , very odd - i wonder what is truly going on . 
   does n't matter , the propaganda machine has started up and by tomorrow it will be common wisdom . 
  yeah , but in this case the only people like to fall for it/convince themselves , the uk 's daily mail/little englader types , are irrelevant . 
  what matters here is scottish voters in 2018/19 . 
  i would imagine nicola sturgeon will have this issue top of her list to clarify with the eu over the next 2 years & the issue will be crystal clear to the scottish electorate come voting day . 
   are you telling me that the turks protesting in favour of erdogan are successfully integrated ? 
  yes , that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  if you accept the premise , 2/3d generation immigrants can still retain connections to their parents/grand-parents culture and be `` integrated '' . 
  then if many other culture 's have left/right political divides , it follows these people should be allowed to express that too . 
  there is a good 10-20 % of the european population who want anti-democratic authoritarian `` strong leaders '' like erdogan/putin/le pen , etc , etc, 
    evidence of failed integration . 
  false . 
  lots of people can be connected to their heritage and still very much part of the nations their parents/grand-parents emigrated too . 
  irish-americans for example , or chinese people in many countries . 
  not to mention defining `` national purity '' is entirely arbitrary . 
  who are you to say being proud of your turkish heritage is n't part of a relaxed , multi-cultural dutch national character ? 
  nice to know what president elect pence 's opinions are for after trump 's inevitable impeachment . 
  i 'm irish - i have heard it pronounced the other way around parts of south dublin . 
  it always makes me cringe , it sounds so fake & affected when an irish person pronounces it that way . 
    to be fair , with the way the uk and us are set the us worries me a lot more than the uk at the moment . 
  i am shocked at the extent of how much of the american population , seem ready and willing to ditch democracy for authoritarianism . 
  i do n't think there is any other way you can interpret that 35 % core trump support . 
  this week has been especially troubling . 
  now that the facts about trump 's collusion with russia 's efforts to hack and undermine american democracy are indisputable - their narrative has moved from 100 % denial , to it is that its all just part of normal dirty politics . 
  who knows just how compromised american democracy is - e-voting machines rigged by russia ? 
  entirely possible , we 'll never know & the people in power in the us do n't care that russia has this over them , as they think it helps them in the short term . 
  the majority of americans are right to completely mistrust their democratic institutions & infrastructure & the 35 % of voters who are trump supporters , could n't care less . 
  this seems to be heading to darker and darker territory . 
  if trump 's next step , after some future major terrorist incident , is to introduce martial law , internment camps & suspend freedom of the press , i 'm entirely sure that 35 % will cheer him on . 
    should n't more of northern ireland be protestant ? 
  no , this map has it right - [ here 's more detail . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/da/religion_northern_ireland_districts_2011_census.png/450px-religion_northern_ireland_districts_2011_census.png ) - the red areas are protestant . 
  only 2 out of ni 's 6 counties are majority protestant . 
  even belfast , which had been majority protestant since forever , has tipped over the 51 % mark to being majority catholic . 
  at ni 's birth in 1922 it was 65 % protestant to 35 % catholic , but there have been long term demographic trends that favour catholic 's percentage of the population increasing . 
  catholics tend to have more children , and protestants are more likely to emigrate and leave ni . 
  today the figures are 48 % protestant to 45 % catholic ( the rest being no religion or other religions , not really a factor in 1922 ) these long term demographic trends , which continue today , have a huge political import - it was part of the rationale of sinn fein ending violence in the 1990 's during the peace process , that ni was a few decades away from an inevitable majority catholic population . 
  that said - a whole other complicated issue - is catholics/protestants identifying as nationalist/unionist , which is much more complex and not automatically what you might expect . 
  there is a spectrum of identifying as primarily culturally irish or british among protestants and many catholics are n't interested in a united ireland . 
  gotcha , deleted that, 
    the chancellor , philip hammond , said this week in berlin that the uk would not seek to remain members of the eu single market or the customs union ... ... ... ... 
  he said the uk might want to negotiate a deal that was equivalent to being in the single market or the customs union without taking that legal form .
