  you can still win the war !, 
  the russians and americans are n't bearing down on you - and moving all those phantom divisions is working exactly to plan ... ;-), 
  thinking things never change is very dumb ; anticipating & planning in a rapidly changing environment - that 's smart . 
  someone once said the very definition of stupid is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different outcome . 
    euphoric ; feeling of great happiness that results from being enlightened by one 's own intelligence   intelligent ; the ability to acquire and apply knowledge and skills to a changing environment, 
    is this the encore to the greatest hits ? 
  i 'm not a singer here ; just one of the watchers . 
    witchcraft is a poor comparison . 
  creationism might be better . 
  the trouble with creationalism is it 's just a dogma , some people mistake for reality . 
  the trouble with economics is that it thinks it 's a science ; but it ca n't be , because they try to look at reality empirically . 
   this comment is like a greatest hits of / r/badeconomics i understand 100 % that the viewpoint i articulated is practically witchcraft in `` professional '' economics circles & any imf economist who had the temerity to express those opinions would be out of a very comfortable , very pensionable job , very quick . 
  all of my points still stand . 
   what should they have done ? 
  decided to fuck the debt , perhaps let the financial system collapse ? 
  there 's a wider point here . 
  have you noticed our western consumer society & it 's financial system are now running on an almost empty tank , with just the fumes of more debt to keep the whole show on the road . 
  just a `` little bit more exuberance in consumer sentiment '' they say - that will fix everything . 
  let me tell you something - driverless cars are just around the corner . 
  they 'll take over fast . 
  1.2 million people die a year in road traffic accidents every year ; that 's all about to get socially unacceptable very fast & so will manual driving . 
  when all the driving jobs in europe are gone soon ... who 's addressing reality here ? 
    ah of course , it 's the imf 's fault that ireland shit the bed . 
  you 're so right , those irish dopes deserve it ; such stupid people they agreed to foot all the `` investment '' banks gambling bills ; never let them near las vegas . 
   money can be converted into almost anything else you are mixing up money and debt . 
  debt is an obligation to pay in the future . 
  we all have massive obligations to the worlds investment banks & it rules all our lives . 
  i wonder for how much longer though ... . could be such a simple switch to switch off ... 
   i do not care at a deep level for those who i do not know . 
  if that attitude is common in greece ; no wonder you have so many problems . 
  shame we could n't have arrived at that insight before we invaded . 
  imf not angry at imf though ; it must be time for another round of austerity to make us all richer like they say . 
  i thought they 'd become independent from putin . 
  sadly , no such luck - poor russians !, 
   so , how much money is paid to `` shills '' on reddit per day ? 
  please , source your claims . 
  source my claims ? 
  just google it - this issue has been tracked & reported on in the media to death - hence it 's ineffictiveness in the 21st century ; plus they 're really easy to spot ;-), 
   there seems to be a bigger then ever disparity between what we are being told and what people will tel you . 
  the `` official '' narrative definitely seems to be diverging from reality & we all know it . 
  i 'm normally a glass half-full person , so i choose to try & see the upsides ; i 'm hopeful technology like 3d printing , distributed baterting networks , vr , etc , etc , etc are going to create economic opportunities for people outside the dead `` corporate '' world, 
   that 's literally all they have to do ekferti84x - i have to agree . 
  debt is just an obligation to pay , that ends with one word - `` no '' . 
  i have a suspicion as well , soon the world will start to see that the vast majority of us are in a prison of our own making with cardboard walls & `` no '' is the word that will set us free . 
   they also seem to have some kind of pro-russian bias they try to push in some stuff which makes it look a bit dumb you see that all over reddit too & it 's not hard to see the paid propaganda shills at work ; one of the hopeful signs of the age we live in , to me - is actaully how ineffictive tactics like putin are trying to use are any more . 
  keeping the pope waiting 2 hours to show what a big man you are ; putin 's a bit of a joke . 
  i know what you mean about zerohedge - the commenters there look like some nutcases usually ;-) i have this awful feeling dreadful things are ahead with our western finacial system ; it seems to be one jenga brick away from complete disaster , even worse than 2008 . 
   how do you define success for a government tasked with appeasing both its austerity-ravaged voter base and international creditors who have your economic balls in a vicegrip ? 
  exactly . 
  i think it 's inevitable now greece will default ; it 's just a matter of when . 
  in which case why in ireland - are we still paying back all the investment banks property gambling debts ? 
  if greece can cancel ... . 
  hurry up scotland !, 
  it 's lonley being the only celtic nation in the world . 
    no one wants to rob an irishman . 
  i wish that was true . 
  sadly the investment banks fucked us up the *** like everyone else . 
  except our stupid leaders asked them to do it more & harder ;-) downvotes ? 
  - hello investment bank shills ;-), 
   currency conversion in general . 
  i 'd imagine as those businesses have been doing less well across europe for obvious reasons , maybe time to squeeze the brits more ? 
   but that also means that 60-80 % of muslim youths are neutral or opposed directly to such grisly , racist and supremacist religious ideologies . 
  which is a good thing , and they need our full support . 
  exactly , and at some point in the future the muslim world will look back on the days of isis with the revulsion and horror they deserve . 
  however , it 's childish for us in the west to ignore our failings . 
  the invasion of iraq & the constant killing of civilans by remote drones is not helping ... . . 
    the state should n't be telling people who they can & can not have sex with . 
  precisely . 
  i can not understand the mentality of people who think every aspect of human sexuality they feel uncomfortable with needs be crimalised with a `` oh but think of the poor children ! '', 
  arguement . 
    it is n't too different from what australia and canada currently have , after all . 
  true there & you are right every country has the right to control its borders & immigration . 
  however , deep down i think everyone in the uk establishment & all the parties really want mass immigartion because modern capitalism ca n't cope with expensive western wages it will be very interesting to see where all this is going in the next 2 years - scotland may well be making choices too & if it does n ireland prob would not be far behind - all speculation for now . 
   those people may do worst out of the eu - immigration may impact their house prices and their wages in the wrong directions . 
  i 'd say that hits the nail on ther head exactly ; competition for housing/jobs is at the crux of this . 
  unfortunately , even if the ukip succeeds & the uk did leave the eu - i doubt things would get better for those people . 
    are you living in the uk ? 
  not now , but have for many years . 
  london & the se are doing fine & you 're right a magnet for young people all over europe . 
  that ignores a much bigger problem of native born uk people of that generation , not feeling they are doing so well in the rest of the uk . 
  i think the snp vote , strangely enough was about that economic self-interest & no austerity & less about nationalism - as much as ukip also less about europe . 
  i know that is the official narrative . 
  what i meant is reality for us all on the ground . 
  all the people in their 20 's un/under-employed , unaffordale housing for the majority of people , etc , etc , etc most everyday people feel they are doing badly and things are getting worse . 
    i voted for ukip because of their position on the eu . 
  i 'm sure lots did ; i also think it 's a lightenming rod issue for dissatisfaction with the times . 
  i doubt people would be bothered with ukip if the economy wass going well for most people . 
   a lot of them talk like it 's an invasion and try to rile up anti european ( anti german really ) sentiment and drum up the nationalism that goes with it i also think sometimes in the uk ; it 's ukip that are getting the benefit of the anti-austerity vote & a lot of their support is really a protest about that , rather than europe . 
  still it was very shocking 4 million people voted ukip and got 1 mp ; another sign something rotten with the system . 
  eg south korea , canada etc. 
  of course - but then you will be an outsider like them - and britain 's goods will be more expensive in europe & you will still be constantly negotiating with europe on a country by country basis over tariffs , etc , etc - except this time , with a much weaker set of cards in your hand . 
  core economies - i meant eurozone . 
  but the trouble is the eu is the uk 's biggest trading partner & to trade with it - you will still have to comply with all those eu regulations , except now you wo n't have a seat a the table when all the decisions are being made for you ... . . 
  i 'm glad the real debate has finally started ; those eurosceptics just seem full of hot air & bull *** t to me . 
  there is a perfectly valid `` anti-european '' position , if you do n't want to integrate with the core economies - i doubt that is what it 's all about for the eurosceptics though . 
   in the uk every city , town and village has a central memorial to the dead from the first world war . 
  most europeans feel a direct connection to wwii especially & wwi - because they are more or less in living memory & those memorials are exactly the way to remember them ; not with fresh jingoism for today . 
  belgium 's moves are a bit silly & disrespectful in comparison . 
    germany 's tough approach is based on a realistic assessment of how hard it will be to get reforms through a 28-member eu -- as well as a profound aversion to rolling back the process of eu integration . 
  the eu was never supposed to be a united states of europe , so if countries want to leave , well then fair enough .
