  the greeks have no choice ; default & back to the drachma - but i have a feeling when this comes to a vote in the uk - all those eurosceptics will end up being surprised . 
   only a few thousand have even bothered to read the resources provided by the eu on ttip i do n't get your point - what people can only make their mind up if they read pro-bankers propaganda ? 
  elon musk as just debuted a reusable rocket that will dramatically cut the cost of launching from the cost of the rocket $ 60 million to nearer the cost of the fuel - $ 200,000 . 
  who is to say things wo n't take off . 
  at those prices small private companies can get into space . 
  source ? 
  i do n't think basic income has been tried in africa or anywhere in the world . 
  this would be a first if ireland implemented it . 
  yeah , 2016 seems to be the year for the small minded and disgruntled to come to the forefront . 
    above all , the pace of technological change seems set to jump into a faster gear with the arrival of artificial intelligence -- computers which learn as they go along , and have the potential to disrupt or make redundant the jobs , training and qualifications of hundreds of millions of people . 
  one assessment is that we are on the brink of change happening at 10 times the speed and with 300 times the scope of the industrial revolution itself . 
    more livelihoods are going to be upset , more professions transformed , more skills made obsolete and more new ones required than ever before in the history of the human race . 
  from the car that drives itself to the robot that provides a company 's security and audits its accounts at the same time , new devices are going to present not just an important scientific event but a transformational political one too . 
  to be fair - hes being quite explicit about it being exponentially developing ai & robotics . 
  i agree , i 'm surprised its going mainstream so fast & on the right too ( benjamin netanyahu talked about it this week too ) . 
  maybe mainstream right wing parties feel more threatened by extremism on their side & are willing to face up to this issue sooner . 
  we have a real housing crisis in dublin at the moment , with ever increasing rents , increasing population and not enough new building . 
  something would have to change to cope with 10 's of thousands of extra people looking for housing . 
  according to the new york times ranking 's . 
  amsterdam ( 55 points ) 2 . 
  frankfurt ( 54 points ) 3 . 
  vienna ( 51 points ) 4 . 
  dublin ( 50 points ) 5 . 
  paris ( 43 points ) 6 . 
  luxembourg ( 40 points ) 7 . 
  warsaw ( 24 points ) 8 . 
  milan ( 24 points ) 9 . 
  barcelona , spain ( 23 points ), 
   we are not the only one who dislike the current stance wrong - the political reality is that the uk is on its own here . 
  eastern european countries think its great their citizens can move to western europe , spain , greece , portugal & italy , france - all very happy with the freedoms it gives their citizens too . 
  it is a total non-starter to think europe will scrap this for the uk , as the uk is getting its coat on and is almost out the door . 
  simply , not going to happen . 
   my issue is you can still work in other countries and such anyway , you just need a visa or something , i 'd more prefer that rather than an open door free for all policy . 
  it would n't be freedom of movement then . 
  to quote an eu source - `` the single market exists for the benefit of all the european union 's 500 million citizens . 
  its cornerstones are the ` four freedoms ' : free movement of people , goods , services and capital between all eu member countries . '', 
  if the uk wants to renounce that , fine . 
  why should the eu let the uk get all the benefits of the other three ( like london being europe 's banking centre ) - when it wants an opt out to what does n't suit it ? 
  that is totally not in the other 27 countries interests & they are totally within their rights to refuse it . 
   eurosceptic populist parties which have been making gains throughout the eu but their recent gains have all been about hysteria about muslim and syrian refugees . 
  eu freedom of movement is a corner stone of the single market and is about eu citizens , being able to work in each others countries . 
  do you see the populist parties in eastern europe campaigning against the rights of eastern europeans to work in the west of europe ? 
  of course not . 
  hence , why this will have zero support . 
  i think this is a complete non-starter , there is no way eu27 are going to amend freedom of movement rules either among the 27 counties just to please the uk , or just for the uk alone as part of it leaving . 
  i also doubt very much that in the end the uk will give up access to the single market , its the one with far more to lose here . 
  its slightly comical the ( pro-leave ) telegraph , tries to frame this as the eu being anxious & desperate to maintain britain 's economic ties to europe , when the anxiety & desperation is the other way around . 
  i doubt a single candidate for the conservative party leadership , would seriously consider giving up single market access ( even boris ) . 
  so the next sequence of events - is a snap general election in a few months with the conservative party supporting single market access & free movement of people . 
  this will enrage the ukip 's base & swing support from the conservatives . 
  i hope labour have someone in place to capitalize on this & there is a fighting chance of a labour-liberal dem coalition . 
  if all the uk ends up getting is a pay-but-no-say deal , i 'm sure most people will be left wondering what the point of this whole fruitless exercise in chaos was . 
    the only change -- and it will not come in any great rush -- is that the uk will extricate itself from the eu 's extraordinary and opaque system of legislation i doubt very much eu27 are going to allow the uk inflicting the chaos and uncertainty on the eu that a protracted drawn out process would bring . 
  they 've already said negotiations on trade are going to happen after the uk has left . 
    as the german equivalent of the cbi -- the bdi -- has very sensibly reminded us , there will continue to be free trade , and access to the single market . 
  ... ... ... ... ... yes , the government will be able to take back democratic control of immigration policy , with a balanced and humane points-based system to suit the needs of business and industry . 
  norway style access to the single market is only going to come with the free movement of people . 
  if this is pm boris 's opening negotiating position - i do n't see it going very far . 
  it 's pretty extraordinary and i 'm stunned no one in the leave camp has made any plans for what happens next . 
  in case this is paywalled for anyone . 
    it was a troubling exchange . 
  on live television faisal islam , the political editor of skynews , was recounting a conversation with a pro-brexit conservative mp . 
  `` i said to him : ` where 's the plan ? 
  can we see the brexit plan now ? ' [ the mp replied  ` there is no plan . 
  the leave campaign do n't have a post-brexit plan ... number 10 should have had a plan . ''' the camera cut to anna botting , the anchor , horror chasing across her face . 
  for a couple of seconds they were both silent , as the point sunk in . 
  `` do n't know what to say to that , actually , '' she replied , looking down at the desk . 
  then she cut to a commercial break . 
    sixty hours have gone by since a puffy-eyed david cameron appeared outside 10 downing street and announced his resignation . 
  the pound has tumbled . 
  investment decisions have been suspended ; already firms talk of moving operations overseas . 
  britain 's eu commissioner has resigned . 
  sensitive political acts -- the chilcot report 's publication , decisions on a new london airport runway and the renewal of britain 's nuclear deterrent -- are looming . 
  european leaders are shuttling about the continent meeting and discussing what to do next . 
  those more sympathetic to britain are looking for signs from london of how they can usefully influence discussions . 
  at home mounting evidence suggests a spike in racist and xenophobic attacks on immigrants . 
  scotland is heading for another independence referendum . 
  northern ireland 's peace settlement may hang by a thread . 
    but at the top of british politics , a vacuum yawns wide . 
  the phones are ringing , but no-one is picking up . 
    mr cameron has said nothing since friday morning . 
  george osborne , the chancellor of the exchequer , has been silent . 
  ( this afternoon i texted several of his advisers to ask whether he would make a statement before the markets open tomorrow . 
  as i write this i have received no replies . ), 
  the prime minister 's loyalist allies in westminster and in the media are largely mute . 
    apart from ashen-faced , mumbled statements from the vote leave headquarters on friday , boris johnson and michael gove have also ducked the limelight ; mr johnson is meeting friends and allies today at his house near oxford in what are believed to be talks about his impending leadership bid . 
  neither seems to have the foggiest as to what should happen next . 
  today mr gove 's wife committed to facebook the hope that `` clever people '' might offer to `` lend their advice and expertise . '' and mr johnson 's sister , rachel , tweeted : `` everyone keeps saying ` we are where we are ' but nobody seems to have the slightest clue where that is . ''   ordinarily the opposition might take advantage of the vacuum : calling on the government to act , offering its own proposals , venturing a framework . 
  but labour has turned in on itself , a parade of shadow ministers resigning this afternoon in what seems to be a concerted coup attempt against jeremy corbyn , the party 's useless leader . 
  in a meeting tomorrow tom watson , the party 's deputy leader , is expected to call on mr corbyn to quit . 
  of the need for stability and leadership following thursday 's vote the party has little to say . 
    no-one seems capable of stepping forward and offering reassurance . 
  the leavers , who disagreed on what brexit should look like , do not think it is their responsibility to set out a path . 
  they reckon that falls to number 10 ( where they have appeared in public , it has mostly been to discard the very pledges on which they won the referendum ) . 
  number 10 , however , seems to have done little planning for this eventuality . 
  it seems transfixed by the unfolding chaos ; reluctant to formulate answers to the brexiteers ' unanswered questions . 
  as mr cameron reportedly told aides on june 24th when explaining his decision to resign : `` why should i do all the hard shit ? ''   this could go on for a while . 
  the conservative leadership contest will last until at least early october , perhaps longer . 
  it may be almost as long until labour has a new chief , and even then he or she may be a caretaker . 
  the new prime minister could call a general election .
