  at this point , even though i think of myself as basically a centrist - i really want the greeks to win . 
  it 's unbearable that the imf & the investemt banks have this much power at the heart of europe . 
  totally true ; in ireland our proportional representation system - has multi-seat consituncies . 
  so typically - you would get to vote on 4/5 seats in parliament in order of preference . 
  start with your no1 & so on . 
  as it 's a single transferable vote system - any candidates who does n't get elected - can `` gift '' thier votes to other candidates . 
  so quite complex - but we 're all well able to deal with it & vote accordingly . 
  our ( formerly ) dominant political force , fianna fail - twice held referendums , in 1959 & 1968 to get us to change to first past the post . 
  fortunately - were not that stupid ; resounding `` no '' both times !, 
  neo-liberal centre-right would describe tony blair 's labour party . 
  [ no , your figure reflects more the annual number of new visas ; not the total population . 
  ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/brazilian-students-ireland-1739850-oct2014/ ), 
   i 'm not sure how i should think about remittance . 
  given ireland 's long , long history of emigration & how much we benefit today from the irish diaspora - we would be hypocrites for not being supportive . 
  plus - one of ireland 's smarter moves in the 21st century is suddenly being bff with unlikely ( though economically rising & 21st century significant ) countries . 
  it amazes people that dublin has about 40,000 brazilians for a city of about 1 million people . 
  but a vast english language teaching industry & lots of visas do that . 
  but a smart move ; making friends in all the right places i say . 
  ditto , with nigeria - good we are helping them , west africa 's power house . 
   share - and bondholder now bleed before any government does when a bank in the eurozone fails . 
  except in ireland where the monumental donkeys we call leaders decided we should be the only people in europe paying 100 % . 
   of course it would raise the cost of banking for consumers so we 'd all still be paying to cover the risks . 
  no it would n't i said take it from their profits - not allow it be passed on as a cost . 
  if i 'm a business that constantly f **** up & is inacaple of competence - i would n't deserve to be profitable . 
  a fascinating book on this topic is [ joseph campbells `` the hero with a thousand faces '' ] ( http://www.amazon.com/thousand-faces-collected-joseph-campbell/dp/1577315936/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1434623095&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=the+hero+with+a+thousand+faces ) in the words of battlestar gallactica - `` this all happened before , and will happen again '', 
   because the taxpayers would then just lose all their savings instead ? 
  sure . 
  but every time , in every country - the taxpayers pay for the banks f *** ups . 
  as an industry they make billions in profits annualy . 
  surely that should pay for their constant f *** ups ? 
   t 'll be a long time before 30 + years of careers built on this kind of economics ends though . 
  precisely ; at this stage the only option is continue with the grand conservative neoliberal project ; as once you start to admit failure ... 
  this cycle happens over and over in history . 
  the usual next bit is for it all to crash & burn ; and only after their failure is that stark , for the next generation to take the reins of governemnt/society . 
  we 're still stuck with the grandad conservatives . 
   i 'm sure most normal jews reading about this will just be facepalming going `` why did he have to be jewish '' no they wo n't and why should they ? 
  i 'm irish . 
  do i feel embarassed everytime an irish person is in the news for doing something stupid that confirms to other nationalities negative stereotypes of irish people . 
  i could n't be bothered . 
  we have a disfunctional global financial system ; everytime it constantly breaks down and needs more & more never-ending bailouts - yet they tell us they are the masters of the universve and worth the biggest paychecks anyone gets . 
    as a result , the state was forced to step in to bail the banks out - protecting depositors but creating a hole in the public finances equivalent to an eighth of gdp . 
  this has to stop - every time banks f *** up , the taxpayers have to bail them out . 
  as an industry that makes billions globally every year - why are we allowing ourselves to be constantly robbed by these robbers ? 
   i still ca n't believe how idiotic and ignorant to the truth people are in this country . 
  well lets see what happens if grexit does ; i predict a riot ;-) if enda kenny thinks i 'm spending the rest of my life slaving away to pay all that money to those utterly corrupt f ***** - he has another thing coming . 
  and to add insult to injury , no one ever suggests the banks should absorb any of their losses . 
  the irish taxpayer is still footing their gambling bills to the tune of roughly $ 50,000 per person ; that is 100 % of their gambling bills . 
   it would be dumb , unless you default , that would be the plan i think ;-), 
   yes . 
  and i will assume responsibility by not voting for the same mofo again . 
  that 's what the greeks did - they changed their tune & voted in completely different politicans . 
  good for the greek people & their democratic will - they did invent democracy after all . 
  they can still be in europe with the new drachma , i think our solidarity is with the greek people , and not the investment banks who have done enough damage globally . 
   i am part of a people who are so idiotic that we continuously vote for corrupted governments that screw up . 
  do you not think it is niave in the extreme to blame the bulk of the electorate for their corrupt estabhlishment ? 
  do americans keep voting in politicians that they want to be in the pockets of powerful lobby groups like goldman sachs because , you know that 's what they really want - it 's their own fault ? 
    or born yet we still need angela !, 
  she 's the only one who does n't take any of putin 's shit & can handle him . 
   well , maybe it was inevitable either way . 
  i agree ; when people look back at this maybe they will wonder why anyone ever expected the irreconcilable to fix things . 
  if i was greek - the new drachma could not come fast enough . 
   it 's like going to the police station looking for a room for the night . 
  an attractive option if the alternative is prison for life . 
    i meant before the euro . 
  i 'd imagine they look like the good old days compared to today 's horror movie . 
    just like before the crisis ... 
  they did n't have their own currency then , of course . 
  but , is that the prescription for all the disfunctionality in our western financial system ? 
   i do feel sorry for the greek population and if they do leave the euro i will make sure to spend a holiday there to help their economy . 
  do you not think at this point leaving the euro mighrt be good news ? 
  greece will become super cheap with the new drachma - i 've never been to greece , so like you - i 'll be thinking its time to go visit . 
  so the greeks can look forward to a booming economy with full employment ( even if their imports are hugely more expensive ) i think this might start looking very attractive to spain too . 
   i 'm hoping pluto has a few surprises for us . 
  i 'm looking forward to that too big time - the fact that it 's a closeup of a binary planet system with charon - even more exciting . 
  ah , i could spend all day being excited by space stuff , if it was n't for everthing else going on in the world . 
    is israel considered europe now ? 
  i 've always thought that would be a good idea . 
  it would give both sides a framework to normalise in . 
  and yes , culturally isreal is part of europe more than it is the surrounding me . 
  to be fair i did refer to ukip as bonkers ;-) . 
  but the vast majority of the friends im mentioning are english . 
   i 'm holding back judgement until i see the changes . 
  ditto with the referendum . 
  everyone i know in the uk things ukip are bonkers ; but slection bias with friends ... . 
  totally wrong 4 million voted for them and they got 1 mp though . 
  like you i think my tiny amount of faith in the conservatives to produce something impressive ... 
   you are clearly talking out of your ass . 
  i 'm sorry - back on track . 
  the majority of americans feel rich and secure . 
  they are delighted their country is getting richer and richer & the prospects for their children are even better . 
  that housing , education and healthcare are just getting cheaper every year , only adds to the sense of economic bounty . 
  technological change just around the corner , will mean there will be too many jobs though :( lucky them , they can trust the `` official narrative '' 100 % - because obviously - it 's working so well . 
  hardly surprising other european governemnts want syriza out , but the still have n't squared the circle & i do n't see how . 
  they just keep giving greece more debt it ca n't pay , to paper over the cracks in their system . 
  they call these free trade deals ; but they are meant to provide almost unlimited power to corporations and to limit the influence of national parliaments & to lower european workers rights standards . 
  the majority of americans work minimun wage , near it or are supported by someone who does . 
  they 're economy is getting worse and worse & they know their leaders are lying to them . 
  surely they would like a deal if they got workers rights more like europeans ? 
   insanity , not stupid , but at least you tried . 
  of course , i 'm insane - your side is 100 % in control and sane .
