  depending on the site , they can be rated and commented on by their customers . 
  some advertise from an apartment , some come to client 's houses . 
  see http://www.roksa.pl/pl/anonse/ for an example street prostitutes basically disappeared . 
  they exist but are very uncommon now . 
   [ i live and work in estonia ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ckrxa/us_to_beef_up_military_presence_in_eastern_europe/d1k8rqn ) * bitching about eastern states * all my [ wat ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/1ikgj5ghgm4/hqdefault.jpg ) do n't tell me your nick is n't totally random and you 're from moldova ... 
  how were you selling them ? 
  just standing somewhere ? 
  i meant that $ 3.3 k is gross pay , not that it 's gross ( as in big , huge ) . 
  without tax breaks only net matters, 
  why would it cost 300k ? 
  is wood 10x as expensive in norway ? 
  i even linked to a site selling finished houses . 
  funnily enough the parts could well be the same , most of wooden prefabricates production is for export to scandinavia ...  you polish people need to get over your prejudices about wooden houses . 
  they have no advantages except a small difference in price . 
  good for a summer house but that 's it . 
  eh , look at price , not appearances . 
  that house costs as much as an apartment 1/2 -1 / 3 the size in a medium polish city , it 's probably similar in croatia . 
  land is cheap if you 're willing to live in the sticks and that 's true everywhere . 
  the house itself seems to be made of wood ( wtf ) and looks very cheap , i guess at most $ 30k to build , probably less . 
  divide prices by 3.5 to obtain euro with vat . 
  including land , something equivalent ( distance to a small city , etc ) would cost about $ 50k . 
  so average wage in poland actually buys more op 's houses than finland 's one . 
  it should n't be too different in croatia . 
  that law seems relatively easy to ignore by driving either foreign company 's or rented/friend 's car . 
  where 's the catch ? 
  that 's gross . 
  do you have some special tax breaks for housing ? 
  it 's a civil war , and ukraine is not really a state . 
  is that really a problem ? 
  modern war is probably not going to be a months-long land campaign , and even if , with current missile technology all these factories are going to get destroyed very fast , even if they are thousands of kilometers away from the front . 
  so there 's not going to be time to manufacture too much anyway . 
  ussr was a world power . 
  russia is the ruined heir that keeps trying to live the high life on the inherited image and scraps . 
  without nuclear missiles they would n't matter and probably would n't exist . 
  they ca n't win , but their suicide attack would be very destructive . 
  they 're very similar to north korea in that regard . 
  `` you can bet ** if ** '', 
  the point of american bases in germany is n't defense * of germany * . 
  it may be easy to forget now , but federal republic of germany is an american creation with the long-term goal of making sure that germany is never going to be a threat again . 
  it does n't seem likely , but you can bet if there 's a nationalist uprising or something like that , 53k american soldiers are going to go out and start shooting . 
  russia 's gdp is 2.23 x times larger , which is indeed less than 4 , but that 's a weird way of putting it . 
  haha what . 
  nobody cares outside of greece . 
  it is n't . 
  the charge should be either automatic ( ie . 
  the prosecutor initiates it , in cases like murder ) , or requested by the victim . 
  there 's no room for the executive here . 
  in this case either erdogan/turkish ambassador or a state prosecutor should start a case . 
  instead it seems that merkel herself has to decide . 
  that 's literally how it works in dictatorships . 
  so there 's no separation of judiciary and executive in germany ? 
  huh, 
  i do n't know anything relevant about italy and romania , but yes , poland is definitely miles ahead of germany in terms of gender equality . 
  harsh laws often mean the opposite . 
  you do n't need harsh laws if there 's no problem in the first place . 
  what in the end matters is the actual social-economic reality , not laws . 
  laws against female genital mutilation are a perfect and recent example . 
  neither poland nor czech republic have any specific laws regarding the matter . 
  does that mean they are worse than ethiopia , where it 's explicitly banned ? 
  36 % of women support total abortion ban , but only 14 % of men do . 
  http://www.stopaborcji.pl/ - scroll down . 
  zero men in the two most center photos . 
  all protests i have seen were also overwhelmingly female . 
  anecdotally , most men have ` meh ' stance about abortion , but many women are absolutely fanatic about it . 
  probably because they see aborted fetuses as children to protect . 
  i guess all these women have ` internalized patriarchy ' and it 's really all male oppression . 
  so i guess you agree that more regulation , ostensibly to protect women , actually hurts them . 
  you ca n't generalize , too diverse . 
  http://europa.eu/rapid/exploit/2012/03/ip/en/i12_211.eni/pictures/10000000000002460000018cb2d8dbf8.jpg poland is practically a matriarchy in social life ( more precisely it 's mother in law with most power ) and equal in economic . 
  now czech republic discriminates women as bad as austria . 
  which is n't that surprising given their shared history , they and to a lesser extent slovaks are germanized , but they are still slavs . 
  on average , real old western culture is much , much more misogynistic . 
  well that 's what swedes wanted and that 's what they got . 
  the may * say * something else , but only actions matter . 
  if you give people an option to live comfortably on welfare obviously the overwhelming majority is going to do just that . 
  do n't worry , the box has wifi . 
  that 's actually a surprisingly small number , it means that about half is more liberal than muslim , ie . 
  they are from a muslim background , but are n't really religious . 
  media reporting is the only way a majority of people have any opinion about any other country , in every country . 
  if it 's not reported about they may know it exists somewhere ( from geography lessons ) but that 's it . 
  historical lessons are usually nearly completely forgotten on average . 
  i remember being absolutely shocked at 13 when during some historical event at school i found out the majority has no idea who stalin was . 
  that 's just how working class families raise their kids , they do n't care about their roots ( if they even know them ) and history . 
  forget about wider knowledge . 
  do n't act like it 's so different in romania . 
  i just remembered a funny situation i read somewhere , some guy on the street surprised that a girl was romanian because she was white . 
  that 's a fast way to educate random people . 
  no , the ` scientists ' themselves just want money and recognition . 
  nobody would care about climatologists without some sort of climate crisis , so obviously they manufacture one . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  politicians started supporting the idea once they realized that global warming is a great way to sell another tax to the public . 
  co2 limits have the opposite effect , they actually slow transition into renewable energy . 
  what actually happens is that energy heavy production just moves to other countries , where there are no co2 limits and even actual pollution is ( or was ) ok , like china . 
  not only is this production more inefficient due to lower technology , but then you burn even more fossil fuels to transport the stuff back . 
  this in turn lowers energy usage in developed countries which makes additional energy production redundant , decreasing sensible investments . 
  thankfully china now achieved the point where it 's actually economical to use solar panels ( mostly due to actual pollution ) and as such they are leaders in developing the technology . 
  eu and german politics slowed the worldwide transition by at least a decade . 
  [ did you know that import tariffs on chinese solar panels can be as high as 70 % ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/eu-moves-against-three-chinese-solar-panel-makers-1433497822 ) ? 
  there are also minimum ( ! ), 
  prices .
