  i would n't believe russian data too much . 
  your nominal gdp per capita dropped 45 % from 2014 , yet ppp dropped by ... 3.7 % . 
  now poland manipulates its ppp metric too , but that disparity is absurd . 
  what 's the current price of big mac in russia ? 
  that 's the best biological age for having kids . 
  given how toxic current culture is to young mothers it 's no surprise fertility in europe is so low . 
  [ big eyes are clearly asian ] ( https://i.imgur.com/m4k2dfr.jpg ) :d anime characters are closest in look to white teens ( ~ 13 ) . 
  white , childish with relatively big eyes . 
  it 's true they have small nose type predominant in asia but it 's common in whites too . 
  the undeniable proof - [ this is how japanese drew japanese ] ( http://vintageprintable.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/art-advertisement-japanese-19th-century-telephone1.jpg ) before getting americanized . 
  late xix century drawing . 
  for comparison - [ coca cola advert from 1900 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/cocacola-5cents-1900_edit1.jpg ) . 
  much , much more similar to the current anime characters . 
  it would be even more similar if the drawing was that of a teen girl . 
  wow what an ignorant and contradictory article . 
  it only makes sense if the author is a russian nationalist-socialist who just thrown in everything negative he could think of . 
  on one hand a part of the reasoning requires an implicit assumption that the societies were ` communist ' ( not just the government held up by the red army ) and in fact independent . 
  but then why was a revolution needed to change that ? 
  the single most absurd thing is a mention of stalin-designed expulsions which are presented as ` excesses of nationalist past ' of czechoslovakia and poland . 
  later ussr which started ww2 along with germany is presented as a savior which won thanks to the ` enormous strength of the 1917 october revolution ' . 
  real liberal values here ... 
  more like nobody likes poland , everybody hates romania . 
  what has water quality to do with air quality ? 
  that 's not very reliable . 
  winter in many polish cities brings in air that is very often worse then beijing 's one . 
  then in the summer , later spring and early autumn the air is good , cars become almost the sole cause of pollution . 
  at night the air is great , usually < 10ug . 
  the heavy pollution is because of coal heated homes . 
  the already high annual average hides the much uglier truth . 
  in rybnik for example there was a day with 737 ug/m ^ 3 of pm10 . 
  levels of 400 are regularly hit in many cities . 
  there are much less measurements of pm2 .5 but where they are , they are basically equal to pm10 . 
  once i had to go out on evening when in my city the level was 300ug or something . 
  it was just like on that movies from china , the whole world was in haze , i could see maybe 30 metres . 
  there was a weird taste , lungs started to hurt and i was coughing . 
  blowing the nose produced a grey result . 
  it 's best not to open windows in the winter and having an air hepa ( or water ) filter is a must , unless you want to get a lung cancer in 20 years . 
   in other words the growth was real but the currency fell . 
  the purchasing power of middle class is actually down . 
   after their life-long savings turned into change in a few years of hyperinflation in late 80s . 
  that has nothing to do with me and other young people , i was n't even alive then . 
  there 's no moral obligation for me to fund the life of unknown old people . 
   its gdp per capita in nominal terms is still quite low nominal gdp hit the ceiling in 2008 . 
  today it 's $ 459 billion ( newest data : gdp for 2015 [ 1789 billion pln ] ( http://biznes.onet.pl/wiadomosci/kraj/gus-pkb-w-2015-r-wyniosl-1-79-bln-zl/rxjd65 ) -  $ 458.89 ) , in 2008 it was $ 463 billion . 
  so where did pps ` growth ' came from ? 
  mostly cheaper food and housing ( up to 40 % compared to 2008 , after adjusting for inflation ! ) . 
  it 's all good , but that 's it . 
  to grow long term , poland needs to ( 1 ) get bankrupt or very close to bankruptcy and ( 2 ) hyperinflate . 
  we have an enormous amount of young and old pensioners , who on average hold the most wealth ( apartments they got for free ) and their [ pension is higher than net median income ] ( http://finanse.wp.pl/kat,1033719,title,emeryci-druga-najbogatsza-grupa-w-polsce,wid,14546494,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=11700e ) . 
  it 's against constitution to decrease the amount , which makes hyperinflation the only possible escape . 
  to top it off current government has an insane plan to reverse the increase of pension age . 
  current poland is basically country where old people feed on everyone else . 
  they even get annual increases higher than inflation , just because they are a very large voting bloc , but that 's going to stop sooner or later just from lack of money . 
  unless russia attacks , it 's not going to be that bad . 
  there are no minorities so no rioting or a large increase in crime , infrastructure ( which is good now ) may fall into disrepair a bit but wo n't disappear . 
  it 's also going to make immigration from the third world an impossibility . 
   drug addict in psychiatric treatment which proves what ? 
  http://nypost.com/2015/11/22/missing-paris-attacker-loved-gay-bars-and-playstation/ the thing about islamic terrorist attacks is it 's enough to claim you do it due to islam . 
  otherwise no attack is islamic , as in the end all you have are one or more people that claim they did it because religion . 
  all that police proved is that he acted alone and probably was n't in contact with any islamic group the police knows about . 
  and you know that because ? 
  it 's not like they have an official membership list , it 's more of a fandom . 
  i think shouting allah akbar while stabbing makes it at least likely . 
  the guy who was/is trying to create salafist sharia police is also [ german ] ( https://news.vice.com/article/german-salafist-preacher-who-led-sharia-police-suspected-of-supporting-terror-group-in-syria ) . 
   proportional taxes still ignore that human beings have costs of doing business ( food , shelter , etc. ), 
  that are not proportional . 
  that 's not relevant , the issue is cost of provided services , not cost of living . 
  if anything , the taxes should be regressive , protecting a property worth two million is less than two times expensive than one worth one million . 
   i do n't know about the criminal milieu , but that definitely counts as a niche market . 
  that 's what bitcoin was created for . 
  it 's decentralized and hence ( technically ) inefficient as a way to bypass the laws . 
  if you are n't breaking or circumventing any laws it has no use . 
  bitcoin transactions in particular completely bypass kyc/aml laws , but do n't break them as they regulate the transferring institutions , here there are none . 
  expecting bitcoin to become common in typical boring transactions reveals a misunderstanding . 
   surely everyone can use that money : they all got their basic income . 
  no , they each get their own portion , every portion taken from some productive worker . 
  do n't act like you do n't understand the point . 
   people who own a transport company will use that road more than others that 's why there 's a road tax/toll system in most if not all countries on earth ... it 's not like it 's a new problem . 
   but they are n't that cheap , so for the time being you can wreck a robot worth millions of dollars with a simple molotov cocktail ... a soldier is much more vulnerable than a metal robot and training is n't cheap either . 
  same of police . 
  the point is that a robot army is never going to refuse an order . 
  an army made of citizens is going to have problems with shooting protesters . 
  the bigger the protest the higher the chance that relatives and friends of soldiers are protesting . 
  which effectively means that masses are dangerous and popular opinions matter . 
  robot army means what people think does n't matter in itself , due to threat of violence ; it only matters insofar as it could decrease productivity , but then unemployed do n't produce anything , so they just do n't matter . 
  final and definite end of democracy and welfare . 
   would have access to education and health care ? 
  i did n't have access to free state healthcare as a child so that argument does n't work . 
  there 's no need for public education in the internet age , in fact it 's pretty much harmful . 
  the real goal of public education is not education , but forced socialization and enforcing conformity . 
  free exams open to anyone are the best solution . 
  forcing kids to waste years just because is cruelty . 
  i knew calculus and linear algebra at 12 , yet was forced to sit at  = half of math classes till 19 years old because smaller attendance means you have to repeat the whole year . 
  in a sensible system i could take final exams ( ` matura ' ) on every subject at 12-13 and be done with it . 
  not possible under socialism . 
  all i got are years of sleep deprivation and pure waste . 
  before you ask , education is compulsory till 18 , if you do n't conform in the worst case you could land in a juvenile facility with young violent criminals . 
   so you would prefer living in the early 19th century again  i am sure you would not want to be the son of a poor farmer right ? 
  regarding laws , yes . 
  regarding technology , no .
