  even if you knew all about the coming war nothing could be done . 
  i think even north korea has better future potential , obviously assuming the collapse of their idiotic regime . 
  ukraine would need an actual miracle to get even to the current level of poland/lithuania , like finding big amounts of oil . 
  but then maybe that would cause russia to fully invade lol . 
   in most countries bank bonds are held by big institutional investors , who know the risks and can afford the loss . 
  but in italy , thanks in part to a quirk of the tax code , some $ 200 billion of bank bonds are held by retail investors . 
  when a few small banks were patched up under the new rules in november , one retail bondholder committed suicide . 
  forcing the rest of the population , many of which have no assets or income , to bailout those that had something is even worse . 
  if they wanted no risk they should have used government-insured accounts , presumably with lower return . 
  also favoring some investors over others based on temporary political circumstances is a fundamental break of the rule of law . 
  now the group of small investors is very big , so their interests win , but if the loss was localized ( like one city ) , the same regard of law would lead to big investors having more political clout and win . 
  well the closest current real life version of that is switzerland  much closer , but historical - america before civil war . 
  i think something like that will emerge in europe on its own eventually , centrifugal forces in eu and individual countries are getting stronger in almost every aspect with two major upheavals coming ( demographic - ageing society + major local ethnic changes , and technological - widespread automation ) . 
  it 's not popular because almost nobody actually wants that result - they want their version of ideal society to be the norm everywhere . 
  sadly overwhelmingly some version of socialism . 
  the only realistic alternative is an actual ussr-style police state , but that seems unlikely to happen ( not for lack of trying i expect ) . 
  `` warns '' lol . 
  the main problem of the eu is not enough diversity and too big countries ( france and germany in particular ) . 
  true diversity , as in many law systems and cultures , not ` diversity ' as a one giant uniform multiracial blob with no differences except for colors of the flag . 
  ideal union would have room for one small state with sharia law and another one with minimal libertarian state with no income tax and legality of all drugs . 
   i suppose it 's because romania/romani people sounds somewhat similar it 's because leftist media reports every crime by gypsies ( or any other protected minority ) as ` romanians committed ' or their other citizenship , as long as its not from ` normal ' country . 
  then it 's ` travellers ' or ` men of x background ' . 
  about 10 years ago there was some nasty murder in the netherlands ( or belgium ) , reported everywhere as done by ` polish man ' , in reality a gypsy from poland . 
  romania just has the biggest amount of them which is why they suffer the most . 
  i hope we get to taste their own medicine in the future when average 2050 's american or chinese thinks ` islamic terrorist ' after hearing ` belgian ' or ` french ' , 
  that 's ukraine , not poland/slovakia/cr . 
  one of reasons why you are so poor now . 
  ukraine had higher gdp per capita than poland in 1989 . 
  avoiding risk is a sensible strategy when cost of failure is extremely high, 
  no , ipa is not very practical , mostly because it 's artificial , way too general and strict . 
  having spelling be bijective to pronunciation would be enough , although direct mapping between graphemes and phonemes would be best . 
  well to be fair that would be an improvement . 
  english spelling is atrocious . 
  it 's so broken there are even spelling contests ... 
  the proper written language ought to be 100 % phonetic . 
  so not only are they german terrorists , they are germany 's terrorists , because as you effectively said german society is the only entity really responsible . 
  well then . 
   sinti and roma can be eastern european as well so an isis fighter born in germany is german , regardless of his actual ancestry ? ... 
   because it is eastern europeans . 
   31 % came from romania eh ? 
  romania is not eastern europe . 
  geographically it 's southeastern , but it 's not slavic , so the most proper term is south europe , as it has most in common with italy . 
  then there 's the fact it 's mostly gypsies doing the crime , not romanians , so in any case it 's definitely not ` eastern europeans ' . 
  the fact that germans are so happy to lump romanian gypsies along with poles does n't surprise me though . 
   drumpf 's argument are you fucking kidding me . 
  what is this , a blog on tumblr ? 
  on the contrary . 
  if we have robots which can replace the majority of jobs then we can have a robot policeman and a soldier . 
  these countries are going to be much more stable as a result . 
  how to ensure europe becomes poor in one simple step, 
  the whole point of a state tv is to show things from a state 's viewpoints . 
  it 's just not possible for a government-controlled media to show really anti-government stuff . 
  if there 's something that appears to be so it means it 's either not important and used to create a fake image of ` independence ' , or a public opinion test for change in something . 
  if you think it 's different in germany or anywhere else it only shows how naive you are . 
   an international outcry more like german outcry because previous government was extremely pro-german ... 
  it centers around germany and france as a way to tell small eu members : `` we now have all the economic and political power and are doing it anyway , submit or perish '' . 
  scroll down for scans in english, 
  there 's more than one person in the uk, 
  anyone * capable * of working illegally , which mostly mean young people doing hard physical work so in [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqso7ga6lpa ) the ukrainian guy says that his mother works as a secretary and makes $ 57/month ( 1600uah ) . 
  if she could move to germany and work in a nursing home for one year , she could save 20-30 years of her current salary . 
  expecting people like that not to move once it becomes possible is delusion . 
  i do n't even understand how people like that do n't starve without help from family in other countries , your prices are n't really that low . 
  unless they actually do starve ... 
   dec/14 do you even 2016 m8 ? 
  higher ppp here in practice means that they have more ( post-soviet ) infrastructure but they do n't actually produce more . 
  just imagine the population decline in ukraine if that could be true . 
  everyone capable of walking and learning a foreign language would emigrate . 
  because he was white and they were n't , so it would be racist , duh . 
  self-defense is de facto illegal in sweden , at least for swedes . 
  most likely they would get prison sentences . 
  [ other source ] ( http://www.svt.se/nyheter/lokalt/stockholm/tva-ars-fangelse-for-drap-i-rinkeby ) . 
  two immigrants attacked a ( then ) 18 year old swede man , one pointed a gun to his head while another was shouting ` shoot him ' . 
  the swede pulled a knife and one of the assailants walked into it , he later died . 
  result : '' [ the victim should ] in the emergency situation , when the gun came up , have been able to use the knife on one of the [ robber ] less devastating than to stretch it out to [ robber ] most vital parts , '' reads the judgment ( google translate ) . 
  he got two years for manslaughter . 
  the way things are going , in 2050 american gdp per capita is going to be 2x western european average . 
  there 's nothing new in that article except easier change of surname . 
   anything that is n't marriage , even if it 's `` almost like it '' in tax matters is a deprivation of that . 
  civil marriage is tax benefits + shared ownership . 
  the rest is meaningless . 
  so without income tax the whole concept of civil marriage is redundant and should be removed . 
  if you want meaningless title and rituals get married in a protestant church or whatever , then call yourself married . 
   also what does orb\u00e1n 's year old delusions/empty promises have to do anything with this ? 
  the only head of state that publicly said he wanted it , so hungary is still most likely . 
  i ca n't see my previous comment in a thread , only in inbox . 
  it 's either reddit error or automod shadowban . 
  not sure if you can read this . 
   that is n't the case for lgbt , they are deprived of basic rights because of traditionalism . 
  maybe in saudi arabia . 
  in poland only real difference to straight marriages is no income tax exemption . 
  the proper solution to that is to remove individual income tax , instead of asking to be included into current discriminatory system . 
  out of all countries , hungary seems most likely to achieve [ true equality ] ( http://www.politics.hu/20150309/economy-minister-orbans-zero-income-tax-idea-ambitious-for-now/ ) for all lifestyles . 
  you should check the meaning of ` encourage ' and ` ensure ' in an english dictionary and compare the differences . 
   because it is n't possible to see gay people ( or any other distinct minority ) as equals in a society there are no ` gay people ' . 
  there are individuals who happen to be gay . 
  minorities do n't possess collective minds and exist only as a statistical abstraction . 
  when you start treating people as individually mindless part of a greater whole you end up with totalitarianism . 
   and now that `` nobody cares '' again , it 's okay to continue to ignore them . 
  that 's what freedom is , to be ignored by default . 
  the only legitimate reason for a state to bother someone is in connection to a crime .
