   straight couples can marry , why should same sex couples be able to do it ? 
  the name itself is meaningless , nothing stops you from following arbitrary rituals in some protestant church or whatever , then calling yourself married . 
  the only material outcome is different legal treatment , most importantly tax benefit . 
  it would be best to just remove individual income tax , it 's a minuscule source of budget income anyway and it would completely remove the need for the whole concept of civil marriage . 
  there 's zero reason for giving these benefits to even more people , this time without any excuse like encouraging more kids . 
   there are not a simple article on the laws of marriage who require children . 
  encourage , not ensure . 
   1st , is not benefits . 
  it 's giving the rights that other people already have . 
  not `` people '' but `` two people of different gender of legal age in a long-term relationship '' who get special benefits unavailable to everyone else : exemption on income tax from transfers between them ( including inheritance ) , joint income tax payment ( a benefit only in a progressive tax system , which is what we have ) and optional shared asset ownership . 
  giving gay couples these benefits does n't make the law equal , it merely widens the favored group a bit . 
  it still discriminates against everyone else : those in short term relationships , those who just want to live as friends , those in polygamous relationships , communes and many other possible forms of living together . 
  with straight marriages at least there 's an external explanation : marriages get benefits to help and encourage raising children , so sort of a long-term investment . 
   you ca n't push for more gays couples . 
  more specifically long-term mainly-monogamous couples . 
  that 's not how logic works . 
  they would be special laws even if they would result in equal treatment . 
  leaving them alone is tolerance , giving them benefits would be more than acceptance - it would be pushing for more gay couples . 
  no , to pass special laws you have to care . 
  that would be acceptance , not tolerance . 
  what laws ? 
  nobody cares about lgbt anymore . 
  it was a semi-big thing in conservative circles before immigration crisis hit . 
  funnily enough opposition to islam made extreme anti gay stances unpopular in extreme circles , they started sounding too much like sharia . 
  well that 's the real point of football , a controlled environment for discharging tribal aggression . 
  if not for that aspect football would be as popular as volleyball or something , a niche sport for those autistic enough to be interested in the actual sport thing , ie . 
  a bunch of humans manipulating a ball under complicated rules , all for no real reason . 
   european owned as opposed to ? 
  american or asian ? 
  they started the [ privatization process ] ( https://rent-grabbing.com/2014/08/13/german-railway-company-a-failed-privatization/ ) in 1994 but did n't manage to finish it . 
  deutsche bahn is state owned . 
  that 's really weird , are politicians in latvia poor ? 
  could n't he just pay to get surgery immediately like a normal person ? 
  there 's actually an unskilled job shortage which is why we got ~ 1m of ukrainian workers . 
  it 's just that the pay is much better in the uk , about 2x-3x more after accounting for living costs . 
  if you 're willing to work physically for ~ 500euros/month after taxes ( if there are any , heh ) you can get the job in a few hours in bigger cities . 
  funnily enough the unskilled wage difference between poland and ukraine is very similar to the one between uk and poland when we entered the eu ( 2004 ) - 6-7x more . 
  they also behave similarly , like three people living in one room to save money . 
  history repeats itself . 
  the average pension in ukraine is [ $ 53.78 / month ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pensions_in_ukraine ) , so it was still a good decision . 
  there 's a possibility that if they leave all poles are going to get deported . 
  not immediately but the potential for necessary political changes is there , especially if the economy takes a hit and there 's mass unemployment . 
  that would be very good for poland . 
  even though they are overwhelmingly unskilled and lower class they are net producers . 
   those among the 82 found on the watch list could [ . . ] have a history [ . . ] extreme beliefs on either the left or right . 
  so in practice , this could mean they found 82 guys who liked fn on facebook ... 
  switzerland obviously . 
  \\  everyone thinks its good \\  `` 78 % of voters opposed the plan '' it 's probably ` everyone ' for you because your friends are as dumb as you, 
  so now what ? 
  is he going to get released or rule from prison ? 
  wow , what a relief . 
  it would be sad to see one of the world 's most developed country ( along with usa ) self-destruct due to leftist delusions . 
  just wait for the near future when ai semantic communication analysis starts to gets close to the human level . 
  the state is going to start to analyze everything they can - public content like facebook obviously , but also phone calls and recordings from hidden microphones in [ places like bus stops ] ( https://www.mintpressnews.com/fbi-whistleblower-reveals-agencys-use-hidden-microphones-public-spaces/216556/ ) - and everyone is going to get some sort of score , updated in real time . 
  the more wrong your communication patterns are judged to be the more jobs are off limits , the worse punishments for crimes and possibly the taxes get higher too . 
  if anything crosses ` hate speech ' threshold the police will arrive in 10 minutes . 
  uk in europe and china in asia are going to be the pioneers of this . 
  now american goverment loves their surveillance , but to implement something like that they would have to completely dismantle their existing law system , which is much harder compared to the uk or china where all you need is majority vote in their respective legislative branches . 
  i find your hate of youtube comments to be hate speech . 
  so really ` are you a special snowflake who does n't like to work ? 
  ' , except that question about marriage . 
   were you or a family member ever offered a job than forced to do a different job or not allowed to do the originally offered job ? 
  so having poor interview practice is slavery now ? 
  those poor enslaved it guys forced to fix printers instead of setting up servers they were asked about during interview ... now there really are slaves in poland , they are north koreans and there 's several hundred to few thousand of them . 
  funnily enough they would n't be able to even answer this bullshit survey , both because of physical isolation ( they ca n't even have cellphones ) and different language . 
  they are enslaved by north korean companies , if they break the rules three generations of their family back in nk go to a concentration camp . 
  refugees are treated much better because ( for swedes ) they are valuable in itself , or more precisely their genes . 
  swedes want to become a uniform mixed race society in the future , so all non-white immigrants have to do to be productive is to procreate and intermix with the existing population . 
  you are white and sweden already has more than enough of that . 
  the world is a much more logical place once you start trying to deduce real goals from actions , rather than fit official narratives to incompatible reality . 
   try being a east european , eu citizen , and you will get zero social help so you 're angry that they are doing the right thing here ? 
  there 's no reason to give any immigrants any social help . 
  either be productive and support yourself or get out , that 's the only sane policy . 
  tusk can recognize a burning ship . 
  he ran away from poland when he sensed that the rule of his current party is going to end . 
  now with speeches like that he 's trying to make himself popular in poland and probably return for the next elections , perhaps presidential . 
  in that case your position would make sense , as a [ very big portion ] ( http://csr.forbes.pl/ile-naprawde-kosztuje-polski-wegiel-,artykuly,175873,1,1.html ) of those taxes goes to you - 1876z\u0142 per year per every resident - nice racket you got going . 
  even if you are n't a coal miner personally , just by living in silesia you benefit from the enormous amounts of stolen money that are spent locally . 
  does the law specify having the phone in hand or is it really that broad . 
  what if you use a phone as a gps on a stand ? 
  eh , if they push too much , google is just going to hire french speakers in ireland , close everything in france and that 's it . 
  what are they going to do , seize google.fr domain ? 
  in what way is it a myth ? 
  the easier it is to fire , the easier it is to hire . 
  your labor laws are equivalent to requiring marriage just to have sex and making divorce almost impossible , like in saudi arabia . 
  obviously as a result people are having less sex there than in france , and those in unhappy marriages are stuck . 
  just like people in shitty jobs in france . 
  that 's the whole point ... that 's the source for calculated ppp rate , gdp in roubles corrected by russia-reported inflation . 
  and there 's no way it 's correct . 
  it could maybe work for china because they manufacture almost everything themselves . 
  ( note that ` current dollars ' contain american inflation ) purchasing power parity is supposed to answer the question : how much would it cost in america to get the life standard of somebody making nominal gdp per capita in russia ? 
  that gives you the ratio , you multiply the nominal gdp by that ratio to get gdp ppp . 
  now ppp can only be estimated , but the truth is much closer to that given by comparing big mac prices than to official statistics . 
   though saying london has bad food is so unbelievably stupid . 
  the uk having bad food is such an outdated stereotype . 
  immigrants eat stuff from the supermarket , while you are thinking about eating out . 
  btw the most common stereotype in poland about uk 's food is that your bread is horrible . 
  https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2016/01/weodata/weorept.aspx?sy=2014&amp;ey=2021&amp;scsm=1&amp;ssd=1&amp;sort=subject&amp;ds=.&amp;br=1&amp;pr1.x=42&amp;pr1.y=13&amp;c=913%2c922%2c926&amp;s=ngdpd%2cngdpdpc%2cpppgdp%2cppppc&amp;grp=0&amp;a= 13,872.987 -  7,742.580, 
  so a rudimentary big mac index calculation ( which usually overvalues a bit ) gives a gdp ppp per capita of $ 21200 , ie . 
  an actually believable drop of 19 % since 2014 . http://www.economist.com/content/big-mac-index ( note the index is from january while gdp data is from april ),
