  xix laws with current technology , absolutely . 
  countries without their own currencies exist , like montenegro . 
  they just use euro . 
  in fact proper eurozone countries are in practice very similar . 
  justice system does n't need local state currency to exist and enforce contracts . 
  squatting is peculiar to russian prison culture . 
  so i guess it could also exist in post-soviet states like ukraine . 
  not in poland though . 
   increased societal stability that 's an euphemism for ` violence ' from people that want free shit . 
  do you know how a threat to enact violence unless paid is called ? 
  either extortion or robbery depending on the directness of a threat . 
  you may be happy paying your protection money , but i would rather shoot the robbers when attacked , or the best option , have an actual working justice system and have the police do that . 
  unfortunately they have taken over basically all states , by their sheer numbers , so the only practical option is to evade taxes . 
  i 'm not sure how you managed to interpret any of my comments here as arguing for anarchocapitalism . 
   and the result was a frequently collapsing economy as those were very vulnerable to deflationary shocks and/or inflationary excesses . 
  the state went in to prevent that kind of shit , which is bad for business . 
  it 's as much a public service as roads . 
  i 'm not sure who you are arguing with . 
  it 's a categorically different statement that money ca n't exist without a state . 
   but not everyone equally as people who own more business or more property benefit disproportionally from those services . 
  so you 're still redistributing , unless you decree that everyone has exactly the same property . 
  that 's only an argument against poll tax . 
  it does n't make any sense for any proportional tax . 
   which has n't gotten further than a curiosity that has value to a limited number of collectors . 
  uhh , what ? 
  it 's the best way to pay for drugs ( illegal , prescription and ` legal highs ' ) , evade capital controls and other laws ( including taxes ) on a small scale , and transfer small to medium amounts of money internationally , especially to a less developed countries , although under $ 1000 it 's best even for us-eu . 
  it 's widely used within these niches . 
  bitcoin stopped being a curiosity in 2011 when silkroad launched . 
   so you 'd be okay with a basic income ? 
  money spent building a road means that road can be used by everyone . 
  money given to one individual is just for that one individual . 
   oh , a singularity preacher . 
  this has absolutely nothing to do with singularity . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvlhmgqgdky now try to imagine a 2030 version of that robot with a gun , or even a police baton . 
  because that 's going to happen . 
  in fact this very research is being funded by darpa for that reason ... 
   that modern money is not backed by anything other than , in the absolute sense , your tax obligation towards the state . 
  no , money is backed by debt . 
  an employer is in debt to his employees till the moment he pays their wage . 
  you are in debt to the electric company till you pay your bill , or even a restaurant till you pay . 
  then then there 's obvious debt like mortgages . 
  all that debt , denominated in a specific currency , means you need that currency , which in turn makes you accept that currency for your services , goods , and as debt payments to you . 
  in fact , debt is literally what money is . 
  a money is a claim on someone else 's wealth . 
  another name for that is debt . 
  the same is true of gold . 
  gold coin was a representation of general debt the same way a modern coin is . 
  all that taxes can do is help enforce a transition into a new currency , but they definitely do n't create value , which comes from debt . 
   but to reiterate - if you did not have to pay your taxes in euros , at the end of the day nobody would want them , because nobody would actually really need them . 
  now you may think that people have to eat and stuff like that , but the people selling you the food would then rather get gold or anything else material than some useless piece of paper they ca n't actually do shit with . 
  they would want euros because they have debt in euros , and that state would continue for some time because it would also be true for others . 
  although it 's likely that the market would soon evolve more optimal local ( not necessarily geographically ) currencies , euro is very far from an optimal currency zone . 
  ` society ' is a word that 's used for loosely cooperating people when there are too many involved to imagine . 
  it does n't really exist , so it ca n't be common good . 
  when everyone in a small city pitches in to fix a road it 's ` local society fixes road ' . 
  when three families cooperate to fix a broken fence it would be ` three families ' . 
  the difference in terminology exists only because large numbers are impossible to imagine , even though in both cases in reality all there is a number of individuals cooperating . 
   there is no money without the state . 
  do you know why banknotes are called banknotes ? 
  because they started as a literal bank notes . 
  instead of carrying physical silver or gold , people would use bank promises - notes - to pay and use that as money . 
  so no , you do n't need state , although state money has several advantages . 
  most recent and most original example of non-state money is bitcoin . 
   there is no value to money without taxes . 
  as previous explanation should show , taxes have nothing to do with value of money . 
   without someone to enforce contracts it is literally pointless to trade with anything but bullets . 
  i explicitly listed justice system as ok . because it 's a common good , meaning it serves everyone . 
  welfare check ( direct or indirect like free healthcare etc ) serves just one concrete person . 
  there 's a fundamental difference . 
   your view of the economy died with the ascent of feudalism . 
  ascent ? 
  so what was before ? 
  rome ? 
  rome was a welfare state . 
  it may not seem like it at the moment , but technology is going to absolutely destroy redistribution and democracy ( they are inherently intertwined ) . 
  the only reason people 's opinion matters is because if ignored they have the potential to overthrow a government . 
  even an army is made of people and its easy to lose control . 
  all that changes with robot soldiers . 
  xxi century is the last century with democracy . 
  there 's nothing wrong with avoiding unjust taxation . 
  the moment a state starts redistributing money taxation becomes outright theft . 
  only common goods are acceptable ( justice system , army , even roads and similar infrastructure ) . 
  investment cuts may be wrong , depending on the investment in question . 
  pensions are spent on consumption by nonproductive people . 
  economically they are pure waste . 
  taxes on income ( which includes social security contributions ) on the other hand take directly from productive activity , which means they simultaneously decrease expected return on investments and make it harder to invest ( by making capital harder to obtain ) . 
  real wealth is not gdp , it 's the value of discounted current and future production . 
  so obviously it 's higher than one annual production . 
   however you think of it , nominal gdp is much more accurate when comparing wealth . 
  not really . 
  consider this : somewhere , there 's probably an interstellar alien civilization with very advanced technology . 
  however , their nominal gdp is $ 0 because there 's no trade . 
  for the same reason nominal gdp can change enormously in a short time : if they started selling their products , their nominal gdp would inflate to astronomical numbers . 
  assuming they were in principle willing to sell their stuff , but we did n't have anything they value , their nominal gdp would be infinite dollars . 
  or in earthly terms : is a big seaside villa really less wealth than one bedroom apartment in london ? 
  real wealth depends on income only . 
  the financial value of everything is calculated by discounting future money flows - net present value . 
  which means that higher gdp is enough to have more real wealth . 
  so there are only two possibilities why italians have so much wealth : - they own an enormous amount of foreign productive assets - their wealth value is fake , artificially inflated by a bubble , most likely real estate [ here ] ( https://snbchf.com/italy-euro-exit/european-wealth-italy-germany/ ) analysis in a similar vein . 
  how much of that is in italian real estate ?
