this should be higher . 
  no emtions , no propaganda , no hysteria , just level-headed analysis, 
  wtf . 
  in poland these judges could sue for libel and win easily . 
  they cant in uk ? 
  amazing article and certainly underreported incident . 
  he never said he was going to disband nato , he said he would be insisting on member states to pay at least 2 % of their gdp for defense . 
  if they did n't , then he would consider withdrawing usa from nato . 
  so you can interpret it as a negotiation tactic to make european states pay more for defense . 
  which would n't be bad for nato , would it ? 
  just pointing this out . 
  i absolutely do n't endorse trump . 
  no , there 's no a financial district per se , although there are a couple of streets popular with financial business . 
  actually , the opinion that warsaw was a beautiful city pre-wwii might be romanticized . 
  i once read an interview with an older person who lived in pre-wwii warsaw . 
  she thought now warsaw is much better city overall , because pre-wwii the city had much less space , the streets were narrower in the centrum . 
  now , centrum of warsaw is much more spacious . 
  also , sanitary conditions were also much worse pre-wwii than now . 
  wow , you are right . 
  i totally thought both the commission and the council have the initiative . 
  it turns out only the commission has . 
  truly , eu is strange, 
  also , my government is not sovereign , my country is . 
  and not `` right now '' but in general, 
  some directives that do n't require implementation are laws that can be used directly . 
  it does not matter what government thinks as long as courts use these laws . 
  the courts are the users of law , not government . 
  that is absolutely false . 
  each and every statement in your comment . 
  european parliament should be the upper house and the council should be lower . 
  because the council is much more important . 
  it is the council that proposes the eu legislation that in turn must be accepted by the parliament . 
  european parliament does not have legislative initiative . 
  it can only pass non binding resolutions on its own, 
  the problem is putin hypocrisy . 
  he is not really conservative , all he cares about is power, 
  i wonder where this image of putin being anti-islam comes from , when in reality he is not . 
  well they did make it from warsaw to berlin in tanks . 
  i am not going with the crowd i just say what i hear . 
  anyway her sentences are sloppy . 
  it is her fault she was misunderstood . 
  have you ever heard about wwii and the soviet army ? 
  it 's mistranslated . 
  she said something akin to that : the death of a jew was tragic for other jews but not so tragic for poles, 
  if the budget wo n't pass in a given time , then president must call early elections, 
  yeah . 
  eiichiro oda was watching this show as a kid . 
  he said it in one of his q & as, 
  it appears to me to be a misunderstanding . 
  what poland has been doing recently is warming up relations with belarus . 
  the question could be about these activities . 
  how it justifies invasion of ukraine by russia ? 
  why putin adds to misery of ukrainian people ? 
  there is no problem with referendums as long as the question is simple and clear, 
  i disagree . 
  question in referendum should be simple , clear and answered with no or yes . 
  question whether to leave the eu meets this criteria . 
  if you wanted anything other than hard brexit you should have voted no . 
    only spain is down to 68 % in august ( down from 71 % in march ) . 
   in romania they say eu approval ratings have fallen 20 % in the last 6 months , but that 's because the polling agencies are actually run by very suspect ngos . 
   the way they did it here was by asking ** `` do you like how things are going in europe ? 
  '' ** which is really interesting a question to ask after the brexit referendum ... you must not be serious . 
  this is not legitimate question , it makes no sense . 
  what `` things '' ? 
  how do people are even supposed to answer that ? 
  there are different kinds of polish nationalists . 
  polish right wing scene is very fragmented . 
  but the most further right nationalists do n't like pis because in their eyes it 's just a mainstream party that supports polish membership in eu . 
  they are also anti-ukraine while pis is pro-ukraine, 
  pis politicians made frequent appearances in polish radio , tvp , right wing newspapers . 
  not only radio maryja . 
  polish nationalists do n't support pis, 
  radio maryja is not controlled by pis . 
  you make it sound like it was their radio, 
  they would n't . 
  are you a troll ? 
  they were n't pis supporters , they were far right nationalists, 
  i know it 's not simple . 
  it does n't mean that being nazi is part of your current identity . 
  but the fact stands that nsdap took power through the elections . 
  but the agreement was made with east germany . 
  and current german state is a continuation of west germany, 
  there are a lot of these factors you mention , and yes , in the end of the year there will be deficit, 
  certainly , you must be joking, 
  it is functional . 
  president vetoed the laws, 
  `` also , how does this differ from soviet union from the polish point of view ? '', 
  poland was never part of the soviet union , but it was under the influence of it . 
  moscow interefered in polish internal and foreign policy when communists ruled . 
  answering your question , if european commission will keep poking poland the diffrence will keep getting smaller and smaller in our eyes . 
  yeah , sorry , i am on mobile, 
  she removed it only from the room where press conferences are given , nowhere else . 
  eu flags remained on buildings , etc. 
  i hate to break circlejerk but i work in tvn and it was probably coincidence . 
  both speeches were pre-recorded but the prime minister office requested that szyd\u0142o 's speech was to be aired after it was aired in tvp and tvp info . 
  it was aired late in tvp info and that 's why tvn aired it late , after duda 's speech . 
  as far as i know president 's office did not make such restrictions , so we could air it earlier . 
  disclaimer : this is what i think happened , but i work in online services not tv production , so i ca n't be sure . 
  it far more normal and often for polish presidents to veto laws . 
  they are more of politicans than let 's say german presidents .
