  only , they do n't care about any achievement done for worker 's right in the past decades . 
  no 8 hour workdays . 
  no sick leave . 
  no safety regulations . 
  nothing . 
  they 'll use anybody who want to make a quick buck . 
  consequently they will work much cheaper and will run your business to the ground . 
  after that you have two options : learn a new trade or go to the new company . 
  would you like this ? 
  the official creation of hungary is 895 . 
  this is when the newly arrived tribes conquered the carpathian basin . 
  and this complete idiot even gets her book a promotion from the guardian , instead of rotting in jail for kidnapping a child and taking him to a war zone . 
  unbelievable . 
  during the [ polish-soviet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93soviet_war_in_1920 ) war i think hungary was the only country that gave significant support to poland . 
  in the battle of warsaw the hungarian ammunition delivered at the last minute was an important factor in the battle . 
  we have a shitty history , but the events with poland are usually the bright spots . 
  if it was r\u00e9mi gaillard , it would be the * best day ever * . 
  that abdeslam guy was also in budapest before the attack , probably recruiting a bunch from the immigrants at the keleti station . 
  it is n't that complex . 
  pretty natural to use , in fact , i do n't understand why other languages do it differently . 
  i read about baranta a couple of years ago , it seemed to be a niche bullshido art back then . 
  i did n't notice it got bigger in any particular way ... 
  what part of the * '' according to the campaign against arms trade , germany delivered nearly 13 million euros in weapons to syria between 2002 and 2013 - mainly tanks , chemical agents and small arms . 
  in 2014 , germany also delivered 8,000 heckler & koch g36 and g3 assault rifles to peshmerga fighters in syria . 
  '' * was hard to read for you ? 
  actions -  consequences . 
  you sell weapons to unstable regimes with a backward religion . 
  the regime blows up . 
  until now shit was contained there , because it was far enough , but nowdays it getting spilled back to europe too . 
  so , you either start to fix the shit over there , or just wait until it reaches your backyard . 
  spain , for example sold lots of stuff to saudi arabia recently . 
  any idea how it affects the conflict in yemen ? 
  well , for example germany sold a [ shitload of weapons to syria . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/weapons-go-to-conflict-zones-the-money-comes-to-germany/a-18798104 ) not just them , but other western european countries too . 
  strange it might sound , but these weapons are probably used to annoy and maybe , ** maybe ** to hurt people over there now . 
  yeah , it is your shit pie too . 
  now sit down and start eating it . 
  [ this one in p\u00e9cs ] ( http://m.cdn.blog.hu/sz/szellemvarosok/b%c3%a1lint%20bal%c3%a1zs%20fot%c3%b3ja.jpg ) it was built in 1976 , but was empty since 1989 , because of the shitty technology it was built with . 
   but cheap gas is nice and we are by and large not afraid of russia of course it is nice and you are not afraid of russia . 
  we neither , even though we do n't have that large buffer area between us than you . 
  it is just very weird , that if some eastern european country wants to make a deal with them , then it is problematic and all kind of pressure is put against it - for example through the eu 's commisioner of energy - , but when the germans do it , it is just sensible pragmatism . 
  i do n't even see the crisis in ukraine mentioned nowdays , even though it was one of the problems cited in dealing with the russians earlier . 
   we get to play the bad guys for france , the netherlands , the uk and austria , and that 's obviously somewhat annoying . 
  `` somewhat annoying . '', 
  you want a cookie with the cheap gas too ? 
   what exactly makes them `` most relevant '' ? 
  it might be that the strongest whining came from germany regarding the south stream project , when eastern europe wanted to ~ ~ make a pact with the devil ~ ~ do business with russia . 
  you know , because you do n't do business with an undemocratic state , because of security reasons , unless you are germany , in this case giving your gas [ storage capacity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wingas ) to the russians as part of the deal is just fine and dandy . 
  but ok , we can call the rest of the nord stream 2 participants two-faced assholes if this makes you sleep better . 
   western european corporations expect more profit and a more stable supply by skipping poland . 
  i did n't recognize that poland is that much of a security risk . 
   these things happen all the time and nobody questions them . 
  yeah , absolutely nobody . 
  only poor germany has it bad . 
  and you come up with this in a news related the nord stream project . 
  the irony level is reaching critical mass right here ... 
  german interpretation of the unified europe is fascinating . 
  here , they are not only making a deal with the russians - which is a bad thing if any eastern country does it , just remember the shit we 've got for south stream - but manage to casually fuck with poland as a side dish . 
  as far as i know , our tanks are in the scrapyard and the horse is ... ... yup , in the sausage . 
  you know , this might be a good news for the dutch . 
  so far the `` most idiotic move to cripple an otherwise working country '' award in the region went for the tulip mania . 
  now maybe , * maybe * the swedes came up with something even more self-devastating . 
  yeah , but sometimes you * have * to do it . 
  i was responsible for a project of replacing the entire 20 + years old lighting system of an airport runway . 
  it took me about two years of project plans , audit results , but at the end the runway was closed for a couple of weeks and everything was done . 
  those guys need to put together a replacement plan and push it through management or prepare for major fuckups in the future . 
  wo n't be a problem . 
  i 've heard there is a brand new bunch of highly motivated potential workforce that arrived recently to the country . 
  they could fill out those missing police positions in no time . 
  parasites is a fitting term , i think . 
   the managers are innocent , innocent , i tell you !, 
  i 'm pretty sure that at the end the mastermind behind all this will be a janitor . 
  management were shocked , shocked that something like could happen . 
  i prefer this version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_j1nxfgq7o4, 
  germany sold gas storage capacity to the russians a while ago . 
  http://www.nasdaq.com/article/basf-gazprom-complete-asset-swap--quick-facts-20151001-00066 seems like another `` fuck the rest '' style move from germany to me . 
   why do you make it so complicated ? 
  because the issue is even more complicated than this . 
  try to think about it for at least a fraction of a second , ffs . 
   the refugee will get the basic social security like every person in that respective country . 
  in germany this would be ~ 400 $ , in other countries this will be less , as living is also cheaper there . 
  the refugees wo n't like that ? 
  well , tough shit . 
  living is also cheaper , yes , but housing , which is one of the biggest thing in western living costs is also free for them . 
  as for `` tough shit '' , have you seen how they behave if things do n't work the way they expect it ? 
   here in germany there are language courses from the beginning , either state sponsored or organized by volunteers . 
  the language barrier is an important aspect , people will have to learn in order to integrate . 
  have to ? 
  really ? 
  germany , sweden , french , britain all have their share with not-that-well integrated migrants who did n't really bother with learning the language . 
  and they came in much smaller numbers in the past . 
  what makes you think , that this time the integration process will be more successful ? 
  seriously : please give me a reason , why you think that the integration process will be successful this time . 
   as i said : if they are caught in another country they will be sent back to the one they are assigned to . 
  is this an official policy , or something you 've pulled out of your ass ? 
  look at the numbers of the people with not accepted immigration pleas , a fraction of them were sent back to their home country . 
  what makes you think that sending them back to the respective eu countries will have any effect , if there is no actual internal border control inside the eu ? 
  will you put a tracer on their ankles ? 
   and our streets here are also not full of begging poles , even though there is a difference in living standard between our countries . 
  maybe because most of the poles and other ee people went there to , you know , work ?
