  `` hunger strike ? 
  yes . 
  and we will maintain it . '', 
  yeah . 
  some hunger strike and there will be houses magically appearing everywhere for everybody . 
  are these people real ? 
  troll account , right ? 
   no one ever said that . 
  not even if you take out the ludicrous hyperbole we 've all come to know and love in these discussions . 
  hungarian press was full of this shit . 
  i remember reading articles that were stating that the immigrants are actually better qualified than the hungarian workers who went to work in western europe , so it will be great for our economy to have them here . 
   imo , we need to treat hungary the way we treated the serbs 20 years ago when they decided to shit on international law . 
  it worked . 
  what international laws are being breached by hungary right now ? 
  besides the non-existing one that the article refers to ? 
  and who are the `` we '' in this case ? 
  are you intend to come and do some bombing too ? 
  i 'm dead serious . 
  just a quick example : hungary wanted to participate in the south stream project a couple of years ago . 
  a gas pipeline from russia to europe , that would come across hungary . 
  we were basically trashed by western politicians and press , because no eu country should do business with them russkies , since eu values and all . 
  the project was eventually scrapped . 
  just a couple of weeks ago it was announced that among others , germany and austria made a deal with russia on building the nord stream 2 project , which is also a gas pipeline , that happens not to touch hungary . 
  germany even sold gas storage capacity to russia . 
  because , you know , eu values are very flexible . 
  member states are absolutely not equal in the eu . 
  so , you are basically saying , just because germany has a larger population than the eastern countries , germany should be able to push through agendas against their will ? 
  even if those are vastly more damaging to the smaller ( and poorer ) countries than to germany ? 
  are we a colony or something ? 
  and please wait until i dig out my smallest violin to play the saddest song on the lost democracy . 
  germany currently has the greatest time being in the eu . 
  without the weak euro and the market of the other eu members , the german economy would be in much-much worse state than now . 
  and your point is ? 
  please consider your answer very carefully . 
   we were perfectly fine with leaving merkel and hollande taking the lead yeah , i 'm sure that every eu leaders were offered to lead on these issues , but nobody wanted to do it , so merkel and hollande took responsibility . 
  it is absolutely not like having first rate members , who decide on important stuff regarding the eu policy , and not-so-first-rate ones , who are supposed to shut up and kicked back into the line if they voice a dissenting opinion . 
  imo the quality of german chancellors dropped sharply since helmut kohl . 
  have n't you read the article ? 
  she considers herself eastern european . 
  if migrants do n't want to go to eastern europe ... 
  this was another interesting part : `` in the party meeting , merkel was especially tough on european countries that have portrayed the acceptance of refugees as a threat to religion . 
  `` when someone says : ` this is not my europe , i wo n't accept muslims ... . ' then i have to say , this is not negotiable . '' '' she is also seems to be the queen of the eu . 
  i thought the union was supposed to be a more democratic institution . 
  snowden gave the material to the guardian and they did a very poor job on in . 
  what other significant thing came from that paper in the recent times ? 
  face it , the guardian is a low quality and highly biased paper . 
  want an example ? 
  how about this very article you linked about the calais crisis being a myth . 
  look at this non-existent crisis just two days after : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34432386, 
  what a bunch of humble and scared individuals . 
  they just want the money , preferably right now . 
  i would like to have some money too . 
  and a pony . 
  he is very good with knives , probably a good surgeon . 
  also able to use a fire extinguisher , so could be a firefighter-surgeon dual class citizen . 
  they want to throw out such a crown jewel of society ? 
  dunno if it was related , but today morning i 've seen a long line at the entrance of the zr\u00ednyi mikl\u00f3s national defence university . 
  probably everybody was screened more through than usual . 
  i 'd guess they still have no idea why this happened . 
   a lot of the migrant crisis problems could be solved if you had some of the leading politicians work in asylum centers for a while the swedish minister in the article was attacked by a migrant in an asylum center with a fire extinguisher . 
  either he got his head wound there or he would need a bit more to finally get in touch with reality . 
  aurora was sort of big-ish in the 90s , but i do n't think they are anywhere near in the top most successful bands . 
  depending on your criteria , it is probably omega , lgt or tankcsapda instead . 
   as if hungary ever contributed anything to the eu . 
  eu gained full access to our markets , managed to take out potential competitors by buying and mostly closing local companies , got cheap workforce and also a buffer area in case of a russian attack . 
  educate yourself , but first wipe your mouth , you are basically frothing in this thread . 
  so , basically copying the saudi method of exporting the fundamentalists to make trouble elsewhere ? 
  from the top of my head : saint kinga , j\u00f3zef bem , istv\u00e1n b\u00e1thory , hungarian help in battle of warsaw and later during ww2 . 
   i dont know what hungarians think some of the brightest points of hungarian history is tied to poland . 
  you guys tend to bring out the best from us . 
  [ `` he faces up to 10 years in jail . 
  '' ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/stop_penis_erect_archer-gap.jpg ), 
   if anything greece and hungary broke the regulation by allowing people to travel on i 'm sorry , but the collective western european shitting on hungary , when the fence was erected suddenly did n't happen ? 
  we were like nazis for trying to block the flood . 
   but the thing is why should italy , hungary or greece want tighter checks when that just means that they are going to be stuck with these people ? 
  this is the reason we need a redistribution system or another successor for the dublin system before we can consider the outer borders no . 
  the outer borders should be the first priority , to block the migration as soon as possible , then deport the economic migrants back where they came from . 
  forget this resdistribution crap , it will never work . 
   it 's specifically the sale of small arms from the aforementioned e. / se . 
  european nations that is going to the `` undesirable '' groups . 
  enlighten me , which eastern european country manufactures the tow rockets used by isis at the area ? 
  everybody participates in this business ... 
   its best to keep the moral high ground . 
  the moral high ground already belongs to the normal people , who wo n't ruin other 's day with ridiculous demos like that . 
  technically we are talking about removing about a dozen people from a motorway . 
  so , if a bunch of people do a probably non-legal demonstration , pissing off tons of people , police should still walk on eggshells , because they might hurt their feelings ? 
  `` london 's metropolitan police said they had arrested ten people after a group blocked the m4 slip road to the airport at around 8:30 am ( local time ) . 
  four had been taken into custody but by midday , officers were still trying to release another six who had `` locked '' on to each other , police said in a statement . '', 
  london police seem to be a tad inefficent . 
  i foresee an influx of migrants to eastern/central europe in the next couple of years . 
  natives from germany , france , sweden etc , looking for a safer and cheaper place to live , with much less mosques around . 
  and i 'm only half-joking . 
  now , this is proper hate . 
  you call * this * hate ? 
  let 's make hungarian the official language . 
  now ** that ** is hate . 
   5.8 billions $ a year is what hungary cost to the eu . 
  yeah . 
  because getting into the market , cheap workforce and taking out the potential competitors with adding hungary - and the rest of the ex-eastern bloc countries - are all chump change for the west . 
  there are more things to consider than eu money .
