   the refugees should be distributed evenly within the eu , to share the burden that currently only a few countries carry . 
  why ? 
  also , evenly based on population or on economical power ? 
  and again , why should they be distributed ? 
  what does hungary , or poland have to do with the syrian conflict ? 
  when was the eu promoted to the nanny of the world ? 
   yes , for now this will have to be the case for a while . 
  prepare for the howls of racism . 
   it 's easy : the benefits are only paid in their responsible country . 
  if they move elsewhere they will not get money . 
  plus you can fine them and send them back if they are caught elsewhere in the eu . 
  who will pay the money ? 
  the responsible country ? 
  then who decides who will go to the poorer eastern countries , where they can offer only the fraction of the money they could get in the west ? 
  will be this some sort of punishment ? 
  or the eu pays the bill so every migrant gets the same ? 
  what do you think will happen if the immigrant gets more in benefits than an engineer or medical doctor who works in east ? 
  or , if they get what the respective eastern country can offer , they still better off with going to west and do some illegal/undocumented work , or even begging . 
  also , let 's say that stereotypical refugee wants to work , maybe has some actual work clarifications . 
  he is an usable person , who can be a blessing for the workforce . 
  what about the language barrier ? 
  they probably speak english . 
  i doubt many of them speak german . 
  i 'm sure as hell they do n't speak polish and i guarantee you they wo n't be able to learn hungarian . 
  why would you send them to the east ? 
  why would he remain here ? 
   refugees should n't be allowed to move to other eu countries and if they do , they should recieve a fine and be sent back to their responsible country . 
  so , refugees should be second-class people in the eu ? 
  everybody else are supposed to be move freely between the countries . 
  how would you enforce this ? 
  how would you keep track on them , if the internal border controls are basically non-existent ? 
  it is easy to play the moral high until you realize the amount of shit you have to shovel back to the horse . 
   the lack of empathy from the eastern european nations is what i find most baffling . 
  i truely would like to hear an opinion from eastern europeans on this . 
  did you check how many immigrants want to stay in eastern europe ? 
  basically none of them . 
  we can not offer the perks that west can give . 
  hell , working people here do n't get that many perks than immigrants in sweden or germany . 
  people living in the poorer southern hungary area went through the stuff ( food , clothes , tents etc ) the migrants threw away - most of them donated to them a couple of days earlier - , because it was better than they had . 
  look at the videos , where it was glaringly obvious that the immigrants were gaming the press , were not cooperative with authorities and were throwing a hissy fit when they were not allowed to freely roam the place without any control . 
  you can keep these people . 
  the article stops before it would address the question . 
  actually it is strange , that eastern europe is considered to be more racist than the west . 
  i mean , it is n't eastern europe where locals burn down a refugee home every day . 
  i do n't remember a rise in buying guns either . 
  also , it might have something with the news bias . 
  when hungary builds a fence and uses tear gas to protect it , it is racist and barbaric . 
  if austria builds one , it is not really a fence , more like a door , according to official statements . 
  the tear gas used in west is probably more like a freedom gas , producing tears of joy for the migrants arriving to a democracy or something . 
  except all this nord stream 2 did n't happened in the past few weeks : http://www.gazprom.com/press/news/2015/july/article239946/ https://www.omv.com/portal/01/com/omv/omv_group/press_room/press_releases/!ut/p/b1/04_sjzqymdiwnlcwmdlvj9cpykssy0xplmnmz0vm0q9ozqojrznfg_ibwgr6otoburq4e3r4ehh6ghpagl6fr35uqn5uzkaiahgapdw!/dl4/d5/l0ljsklkq2dwuxbsq2dwuxbsq2dwuxbsq2dwuxbsskehl1lowu1bqufjtuvbquffruvds0dlr09lt0nlqkpcskzcrknctkrorexotenosfbiuefuqwlisw9nruehis80smthuw9rce1overvstflt1fvehfjywdusvvrmuzovfrrs0dhbg1vnthnis9anl9nmdlirklvmlvbnekwqli1nkjgmdawmdawmc9an19nmdlirklvmlvbnekwqli1t0c0mtawmdawmc9qt1jutevux0fsrzevc2l0zs9ptvzfq29ycg9yyxrll1bpulrmrvrfqvjhmi90zw1wbgf0zw5hbwuvu2ltcgxlx0fydgljbguvue9svexfvf9bukczl3n0ewxlcy9zdhlszv9szwvyl1bpulrmrvrfqvjhmc9jb250zw50awqvmti1ntc2nze2mjyxni9ib21l/ also , the south stream project , that was going through eastern europe was torpedoed a year ago . 
  germany and austria are a bunch of hypocrites . 
  yup . 
  we do . 
  `` this is about ensuring an orderly , controlled entry into our country , not about shutting down the border , '' my eyes are rolling harder than linda blair 's in the exorcist . 
  fuck it . 
  i do n't have any problems with any of the neighbors . 
  we should all sit down , have a drink , listen to ramones and chill a bit . 
  poland is also invited . 
  in my experience germans are generally nice people . 
  the traditional german values on life , work ethic and all are also commendable . 
  what germans rarely seem to grasp - not just leaders , but the people too - , that non-german people might have different values , approach life differently and the solutions that worked in germany might not work in the rest of the world . 
  they do n't understand this but keep pushing their ideas . 
  i even accept that they are mostly well-meaning , but sometimes they could shut the fuck up for a little while . 
  they will also have the same problems with the immigrants , who are not germans who happened to live in another country until now and might have * very * different views on everyday life . 
  this will be a very nasty culture shock . 
  well , welcome in the club . 
   only a little while ago the dude was selling our energy sector off to putin so ... doing the exact same thing as [ germany and austria ] ( https://www.omv.com/portal/01/com/omv/omv_group/press_room/press_releases/!ut/p/b1/04_sjzqymdiwnlcwmdlvj9cpykssy0xplmnmz0vm0q9ozqojrznfg_ibwgr6otoburq4e3r4ehh6ghpagl6fr35uqn5uzkaiahgapdw!/dl4/d5/l0ljsklkq2dwuxbsq2dwuxbsq2dwuxbsq2dwuxbsskehl1lowu1bqufjtuvbquffruvds0dlr09lt0nlqkpcskzcrknctkrorexotenosfbiuefuqwlisw9nruehis80smthuw9rce1overvstflt1fvehfjywdusvvrmuzovfrrs0dhbg1vnthnis9anl9nmdlirklvmlvbnekwqli1nkjgmdawmdawmc9an19nmdlirklvmlvbnekwqli1t0c0mtawmdawmc9qt1jutevux0fsrzevc2l0zs9ptvzfq29ycg9yyxrll1bpulrmrvrfqvjhmi90zw1wbgf0zw5hbwuvu2ltcgxlx0fydgljbguvue9svexfvf9bukczl3n0ewxlcy9zdhlszv9szwvyl1bpulrmrvrfqvjhmc9jb250zw50awqvmti1ntc2nze2mjyxni9ib21l/ ) ? 
  i 've worked with some very good swedish and german engineers in the past . 
  i 'd say hungary would gladly accept about 100k highly trained medical doctors , engineers and it professionals from these countries , so they can have more space for the migrants . 
  i do n't have the article , but i remember reading that the money is a good incentive . 
  albanian family goes to germany , put away the money they receive during the ~ 3 month of bureaucratic process and it is almost enough for living the rest of the year at home . 
  i thought germany can handle this , especially since immigrants are good for the economy . 
  what happened ? 
  i know it is a weird concept , but how about * not breaking the law * in the first place ? 
  what did these people expect , a paid welcoming committee just like in vienna ? 
  i know . 
  i just ridicule it , just he did with mine . 
  it is still behind stockholm , that has a shitload of immigrants . 
  weird coincidence , innit ? 
   once again , vienna has roughly 180,000 turks and is all together around 40 % foreign-born , especially from the balkan , yet our crime rates are very low in comparison to most other eu capitals . 
  you do n't think there are differences between immigrants ? 
  are you putting all immigrants from various places of the earth into one group ? 
  are you a * racist * ? 
   i 've heard very bad things about certain parts of tokyo from friends wow !, 
  just like a big city !, 
  yeah !, 
  just like any big city !, 
  it is not like the fourth highest number of crimes of the [ eu capitals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_belgium ) . 
  those pesky belgians , always making trouble . 
  and chocolate . 
  friend of mine was in brussels on a conference a while ago . 
  he mentioned that parts of the metro line were a bit of an interesting ride and they were warned not to go out to certain areas after dark . 
  i thought he was exaggerating ... 
   this is what the tents look like ... 
  i have no words . 
  what do they expect ? 
  what is the level of comfort that would make them shut up at least for a while ? 
  or origo . 
  one of them `` news from an alternate reality '' portals . 
   they are angry about the living conditions in the camp , so angry in fact that in protest they skipped breakfast and lunch .
