we are basically haram at this point . 
  which is good . 
  anyone for sending the student union to a field trip to the middle east ? 
  give it a couple of weeks and it will be easier to count those who are n't in the club . 
  as a hungarian , whose country was repeatedly shit on during the previous weeks , because we were not good enough to the poor migrants , i find these kind of news getting more and more common absolutely entertaining . 
  i 'd also extend an unofficial welcome to finland in the not-good-enough club . 
  did n't france supply weapons for the syrian conflict ? 
  did they ran out of that income this fast ? 
   i think hungarians could try to remember that sometimes . 
  we do . 
  hungarian refugees spent years in austrian camps until they were processed and were allowed to move to the western countries that accepted them . 
  i think if they tried this tantrum shit these people are doing , they would have been shot . 
  also , about the integration part : http://satwcomic.com/all-work-and-no-play, 
  anybody else thinks that some of the more radical parties in germany will receive a shitload of new voters ? 
  a crime-ridden hellhole , that 's what it is . 
  the houses do n't even have fences , this is clearly a high-stress environment , something that is not good for survivors of a civil war . 
  did n't you listen ? 
  the kind that have to walk ** 30 ** minutes to the nearest supermarket !, 
  sweden does n't seem to care about the suffering of these people . 
  i mean , look at this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgwi8qyy1cm, 
   they 'd want me jailed i agree with your other points , but i do n't think they 'd want you jailed . 
  more like an old-fashioned stoning to death or something similar . 
  one day of begging in paris probably brings in more money than a month of eastern european welfare . 
   did you finish high school ? 
  you know costs of living are much different in parts of the world right . 
  i can tell you , since you obviously have no idea , that the refugees living on that amount of money are not at all living a life of luxury . 
  thanks for sharing me all your wisdom . 
  the problems are the following , i 'll try to type as slow as i can , so you can follow : - yeah , the migrants wo n't live in luxury , not even in denmark or sweden . 
  the shitty thing is , that they were promised luxury by the traffickers . 
  can we agree that this * might * cause some tensions in the very near future ? 
  i read a couple of days ago , that a bunch of migrants in austria started a hunger strike , because they wanted 2000 euros/month as spending money . 
  this is the double of the austrian minimal wage . 
  - i 'm aware of the different wages/different living costs . 
  the problem is that these are not in linear relationship if you compare the eastern and the western countries . 
  the spending money available for migrants is much , much less in hungary , than in the western countries . 
  iirc they can get about 8000 forints/month . 
  25 euros . 
   so if you were in the same situation , you would not go to the country with the best benefits , best chances of education and occupation , least amount of xenophobia etc. 
   no of cause not . 
  i 'm glad that you know me that much . 
  also , very neat sidestep on the they-are-not-refugees-but-migrants issue . 
  i understand you are keep harping on the emotional side of this whole clusterfuck , but could you look at the data , how well integrated are the migrants who are already in the eu since a couple of years ? 
  you know , how many of them became active workers in denmark , since you mentioned occupation ? 
  or should i look up these for you ? 
  i 'm only asking , since you seem to have a weak grasp on reality . 
  do you have any idea how things are in eastern europe ? 
  i know skilled technicians/engineers in pharma manufacturing who earn less than the now-halved money denmark offers for refugees . 
   let me ask you , do you simply not care that people are fleeing war ? 
  do you not trust that they are actually fleeing or what is it that makes you so hostile ? 
  i have n't seen people fleeing war . 
  i 've just seen a shitload of migrants wandering through safe countries so they can reach the one with the best perks . 
  get the fuck off your high horse . 
  so , first she was inviting everybody in , without consulting with any of the other eu states . 
  now , after the shit hit the fan , suddenly we all have to act together . 
  could we at least get a `` sorry , i fucked up '' , followed by something with `` please '' ? 
  so , they only coordinating stuff while going into the eu ? 
  i expect riots when the sending back part starts ... 
  based on their reactions and attitudes so far , what do you think the reactions will be when the authorities start to send them back ? 
  a relative of one of my friends is a policeman at the hungarian borders . 
  according to him , the locals , mostly from smaller villages are going through the stuff the migrants throw away . 
  tents , clothing , food and other stuff that 's perfectly fine . 
  it is fucked up . 
  well , this might be the best they can do for improving austrian economy . 
  it boggles my mind that the eu would n't prefer getting people , who are playing by the rules . 
  this is the new workforce that will boost the austrian and german economy . 
  you know , the engineers , medical doctors the press was talking about . 
  i wonder , if my grandparents and great-grandparents would have complained about getting free spaghetti during and after ww2 . 
  could have been a welcome change from the potato peel soups my grandpa was telling me about . 
  you really have no idea what you are talking about . 
  the first efforts in hungary went to stop and try to id the arriving migrants as per the dublin agreement . 
  the migrants had none of this , they wanted to be registered in germany or sweden . 
  germany and austria made a big huff about the bad conditions the migrants faced in hungary , merkel practically invited syrians to go there . 
  after this pressure , hungary let the migrants go to austria and the rest of the eu . 
  austria almost immediately closed down the borders . 
  germany also pressed italy for stricter border control . 
  soon everybody realized that they can not handle the number of migrants and the situation started to degrade quickly . 
  hungary gets flak if we try to enforce eu law and gets flak if we make an execption if germany demands it . 
  if you look at the `` who had the best deal with the eu '' thing , then germany has probably the most to loose with an eu breakup . 
  loosing the euro and the eastern market/workforce would hit them pretty hard . 
  still , they are the ones who are rocking the boat . 
  also , you talk about the schengen treaty being ignored : remind me , which countries started blocking the internal open borders ? 
  it was n't hungary . 
  using tear gas and water cannons on people who are attacking police and trying to illegally enter into a country , instead of going for the still open , legal ways . 
  also , there are other stuff also happened in the last couple of weeks besides that . 
  go and educate yourself a bit . 
   right now countries like hungary only show that they 're fucking assholes and have zero compassion for their fellow humans or even their fellow europeans ( because they let other eu countries deal with it ) . 
  you seem to have a very weak grasp on what actually happened in the last couple of weeks . 
  i 'd recommend to tone down the rhetoric a bit and take a look at some of the , you know , facts . 
   in any case , it 's country vs country . 
  germany is doing a lot for refugees , hungary is doing zero . 
  germany stops giving you money if you do n't help them out with that . 
  it seems like a fair deal . 
  the problem is , that its not germany that gives out money . 
  eu gives out money . 
  money that is given by all the eu states . 
  if germany continues to behave as if they were the bunch who tells everybody else what to do , they are set for a rude awakening . 
  he is talking about punishing countries that does n't conform to ideals . 
  it would be the very least a nice gesture to show some personal effort and do n't look like a dick . 
  i would like to see him inviting a migrant family to his home first . 
  just show the world some of the empathy he preaches .
