  ok , tell me about our non-colony empires . 
  tell me about our glorious days that are obviously still affect our daily lives . 
  and while at it , please remove denmark and norway from the non-empire list in your previous post . 
  i would love to read something about the empire that hungary had . 
  could you please name some of our colonies ? 
  i usually do n't bet , but after this series of immigration fuckups , there most likely will be a change of management in sweden . 
  when hungarians left their country after the 1956 events they spent months waiting to be processed and have a country to accept them . 
  and after that you got stories like that : http://satwcomic.com/all-work-and-no-play, 
  this was filmed a couple of days ago . 
  the migrants wanted the train to go to austria , despite they were told at the start that it wo n't leave hungary . 
  police also told them to get off the train and proceed to the nearby refugee camp to be processed . 
  most of them refused and also did n't accept the offered food and water either as a protest . 
  they did exactly the same in denmark , when they did n't want to be processed there but wanted to go to sweden . 
  this also happened there ( first video ) : http://news.sky.com/story/1545899/desperate-refugees-dragged-off-rail-tracks, 
   the whole political spectrum calls out for more immigrants . 
  all the parties want the same , all except the sweden democrats , sd . 
  so , let me guess : series of landslide election wins for sd in the near future ? 
  by the time we 'd be finished fixing up the middle east , the original denizens would be back , you know , refugees from the war torn and destroyed europe ... 
  could anybody recommend a company with expertise in fences ? 
  big ass fences . 
  did you also calculated the amount of money that western european companies make in romania ? 
  hungary was also pushing for the south stream project and we got a lot of flak for it , since it is bad to make business with russia . 
  you know , because of eu values . 
  apparently its all a-ok , when austria and germany does it . 
  as far as i know it is not only the pipeline , but basf sold gas storage capacity to the russians too . 
  edit : [ basf sold all gas storage capacity to the russians . 
  did n't france supplied weapons for the rebels a while ago ? 
  like , at the beginning of the conflict ? 
  you remember the shit hungary got for the proposed and then killed south stream project ? 
  why ? 
  just let them run into the forest of dicks , with their mouth open . 
  it is either the most pathetic thing i 've seen this week or a parody that way too meta for its on good . 
  this is a weird bunch of charts . 
  it basically claims , that islam being culturally not compatible with europe means terrorism and since islam terrorism is not that high in europe , it is probably just perceived to be non-compatible . 
  you do n't have to be a terrorist to be culturally non-compatible . 
  [ ogdenville , brockway , north haverbrook . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/44/marge_vs._the_monorail_%28promo_card%29.png ), 
  i 'm a tad confused about this article . 
  it brings out examples of eu not caring about democracy , like the deal with turkey , or the current governments of hungary , poland or slovakia . 
  it basically concludes that the problematic regions should be kicked out . 
  does it mean , that europe should kick out donald tusk and the european council too , because of their dealings with turkey mentioned in the article , or we are having another `` some animals are more equal than the others '' moment ? 
   there is no such thing as german food . 
  german cuisine is entirely regional . 
  but all those regions are german . 
  you already have a multicultural country that was united by common history and the language , and unlike the current batches of migrants , they have culturally compatible roots . 
   germany is the youngest country of the big influential countries in europe look up the history of the holy roman empire . 
  you are sitting in one of the most culturally richest and influential region of this damned planet , do n't give me this yeah-but-life-gave-us-lemons crap . 
  see my other answer . 
  i think that the current german leaders are ... lacking . 
  they maneuvered pretty well within the eu , but when an external issue came that did n't have a solution they could force through , it got them with their pants down . 
  i 'm not saying that other countries have much better ones , but if an entire country does n't seem to produce at least one competent alternative to merkel , then there is something seriously wrong . 
   that 's why they 're one of the strongest economies in the world right ? 
  they are riding on the work of the previous generations . 
  their current batch of leaders are not in the league of brandt , schmidt or kohl . 
  and yeah , orb\u00e1n ai n't flawless , i would n't wote him because of the corruption level of his bunch , but at least he had a practical solution on the migrant problem ... 
   germany becomes more and more culturally weak . 
  what the everliving fuck . 
  you got great food . 
  engineering and what you build with it . 
  traditions that go back to the beginning of europe and one of the more influential cultures in the history . 
  yeah , you ai n't that good in comedy and your politicians are shit-tier , but your history alone makes germany one of the cornerstones of europe . 
  stop staring at your shoes , grow a pair and be proud of the good parts of your country . 
  there are a shitload of them , just look around . 
   but it works for the population outside no , it does n't , if they met more like-minded fellows in the prison and get more organized/radicalized inside . 
   what would happen if germany were to close its borders ? 
  first and foremost we 'd see some highly impressive mental gymnastics as merkel tries to justify the move . 
  your application to the visegr\u00e1d axis of evil is noted , we 'll get you back with the results in a couple of days . 
  yeah , werner faymann is a bit of an idiot . 
  was n't him that when austria also started to build a fence , tried to call it not a fence but a large gate ? 
  communism can even fuck up the sand supply in the sahara desert . 
  like the new soviet microprocessor design ? 
  the one you only needed six m8 screws to install ? 
  hungarian one : `` the dying capitalism is dancing at the edge of the abyss . 
  socialism , of course , one step ahead of them . '', 
  they are germans . 
  this is what they do . 
  i have no strong feelings about any of our neighbors actually . 
  romania is ... eh , alright , i guess . 
  * looks at the flag * fuck, 
   von neumann pretty please , with sugar on the top , point me somebody from the current batch of migrants who is like half of j\u00e1nos neumann 's level of genius . 
  they might get the necessary hardware , but how would you make them react united and fast ? 
  by the time the eu finally has a war meeting and as the first point of the agenda the eu parliament votes themselves a wartime bonus , the russians would already occupy half the continent ... 
  as somebody from the former eastern bloc : to have shit like that in the past we needed a soviet occupation . 
  one of the reasons we wanted to join the west was to stop things like that to happen . 
  this is not surreal anymore , this is getting straight into twilight zone territory . 
  hungarian refugees were taken to camps they could n't leave until a country offered them home . 
  some of the refugees were in the camps even in 1960 . 
  germany ( and austria ) did care . 
  when hungary built the fence , we were suddenly measured about 0.65 kilonazis on the evil scale , because trying to stop the migrants was a bad thing . 
  this is what i 'm afraid of . 
  instead of treating the problem early , they 'll wait until everybody will be pissed to the extreme . 
  i wonder , what will be the last drop in this stream of nonsense that finally forces germany to grow a pair . 
  so , i assume following this they crucified the supplier 's qa and the luftwaffe staff that handled the upgrade process ? 
  did they even test it ? 
  what is with the german air force lately ? 
  i thought they 'll get their act together after the euro hawk fiasco ... 
   sorry but monopolies have been broken across the world yeah , uber is trying to monopolize the taxi business worldwide , so you might need to do a self-check . 
   uber and other ride sharing apps are much better . 
  ok , i do n't know what your job is . 
  let 's say a new company moves in next door , doing the same stuff you do .
