you do n't get it do you . 
  no goverment will ever give up control fully that 's why anarcho-communism is a thing . 
  yes because communism has never been established . 
  the ussr never claimed to be a communist society . 
  they were state socialist . 
   dude , those guys marx and engels proved that almost noone would get rid of their stuff without prior being forced with the knives under their minor children 's throats and big dicks in their wives . 
  what the fuck ? 
   so that shit , called the dictatorship of the proletariat , is the only way to bring the socialism no it 's not . 
  read kropotkin or bakunin or any of the anarchist literature . 
  communism has no government . 
   in political and social sciences , communism ( from latin communis -- common , universal ) [ 1 ] [ 2 ] is a social , political , and economic ideology and movement whose ultimate goal is the establishment of the communist society , which is a socioeconomic order structured upon the common ownership of the means of production , absence of social classes , money , [ 3 ] [ 4 ] and the state . 
  [ 5 ] [ 6 ] how is that incompatible with democracy ? 
  you could apply that logic to every economic system we 've ever had . 
  if communism is going to work , it has to be built on democracy and social liberal principles of things like free speech and free expression of opinions . 
   which essentially shuts out more than half of the population on deciding how to run the society . 
  the vast majority of people are working class . 
   before the war , in most european countries agrarian peasant and small farmer population exceeded the urban population . 
  in pre-revolutionary russia the urban working class was a minority group being working class does n't mean working in a factory . 
  in fact if you read the works of people like karl marx or peter kropotkin , working class is anyone who produces something of use-value . 
  so peasants and farmers are absolutely working class . 
   today in most post-industrial societies traditional working class are a minority . 
  majority of the population is in the category of bourgeois or professional classes comparable to bourgeois . 
  what ever the percentage of the `` working class '' is , it is wrong to shut out the rest of the society out from the decision making . 
  the middle class is still part of the working class . 
  in fact there is no middle class . 
  there is only the working class , and the owning class . 
   all communist countries enacted mass murder of their citizens and too many times mass murder of citizens of their neighboring countries . 
  there is no such thing as a communist country . 
  the ones we saw were state socialist and i 'm against state socialism . 
  classical social democracy advocates change trough democratic means . 
  there are democratic socialist ideologies that do not advocate violent change . 
  they advocate reforms . 
   revolutions also can be bloodless like the velvet revolutions in 1989 in eastern europe where communist states collapsed and were replaced by democratic states . 
  no such thing as a communist state . 
   in communism that was ever implemented you had no way to oppose the system there are plenty of communist communities that are democratic . 
   if you have an opinion you are an enemy , you will be locked up , killed or deported to uninhabited regions , if lucky . 
  in the soviet union sure . 
  but the soviet union was state socialist , which i 'm against . 
  or you could just outlaw non-democratic workplaces . 
  just like we outlawed insider trading . 
  you do know dictatorship of the proletariat just means the working class is in charge . 
  you 're not making a logical connection between mass murder and communism . 
  if it comes about through revolution , than yes people would die . 
  but that 's a product of war not the social theory of communism, 
  i 've read history books . 
  from what i can tell , communism either means a totalitarian government or a stateless society based on classlessness . 
  what part am i missing ? 
  please no golden dawn , please no golden dawn , please no golden dawn ... 
   we view it as having absolved us from imperialism i mean ... during the war , britain was exporting rice from starving indians so it was kind of a heroic imperialistic chocolate and vanilla swirl of bravery and shame . 
  i thought it was generally accepted that the poor people would be hit the hardest by a yes deal . 
  and a no deal for that matter . 
  damn , society is really shitty to poor people . 
  of course islam is a fascistic ideology . 
  i just think it 's funny how literal fascists are using that as a reason to be against it . 
  anti-muslim populism is far more dangerous than actual muslims in europe . 
  it 's easy enough to say sharia law is against european values . 
  but what happens when particular political views becomes against european values ? 
  when you start talking about value and culture , you 're opening the door to dangerous interpretation . 
  what happens when the opposition becomes `` against your values and culture '' ? 
  how many times has the right-wing used that trick throughout history ? 
  oh right , i forgot the new fascist narrative . 
  hold on , let me just shut down my brain and forget all historical and political context of the fascist movement real quick . 
  `` it 's the sjw liberal muslim communists who are the real fascists ! '', 
  is that better ? 
   i 'm so happy to see europe turn more right every day * article talking about how islam is fascist * `` it 's so good to see europe turning right-wing !, 
  islam must be cleansed '' i think you missed the point , bud . 
  s'ok though , we do n't expect ultra-nationalists to have basic comprehension skills . 
  `` capitalism ? 
  more like crapitalism ! '', 
  - karl marx , probably, 
  i do n't know about this whole ` vote no ' thing . 
  there 's a lot of red flags . 
  i 'll just show myself out . 
  dang , you guys actually riot over corrupt police ? 
  europe is hardcore !, 
  that 's not what i said at all, 
  i do n't think you understand the nature of liberal democracy . 
  the ruling elite prefer parliamentarian democracy because that is the easiest government to buy . 
  a dictator or king already owns everything , but politicians can be bought . 
  electing a new party will never change that . 
  ever . 
  i 'm actually astonished syriza is choosing to stay it 's ground instead of falling into the footsteps of the former government . 
  i do n't know what this means . 
  you do realize yazidi are muslims right ? 
  and shiites are a persecuted minority as well . 
   christians are in so much more danger than the muslims did you forget the part where isis is genociding non-sunni muslims ? 
   anyone wants to guess when this event will be hijacked by the `` this has nothing to do with islam '' bunch ? 
  i was waiting for the `` this is because of leftist policies , vote for lapen ! '', 
  crowd . 
  party like it 's 1936, 
  wow someone born with millions of dollars is able to be successful . 
  i 'm sorry to tell you this but all you really need at that point is a staff and some good financial advice . 
   no country should have a leader with close to 90 % approval https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_1945#reasons_for_labour_victory  churchill 's approval ratings stood at 83 %, 
   he does n't worry about or care what you think of him or if it will cost him votes . 
  so he 's a moron and an asshole . 
  count me in . / s, 
  run while you fucking can, 
  it 's all the same guy . 
  how is trump honest ? 
  he lies all the fucking time .
