  sz\u00e9kelys are the hungarians in transylvania . 
  yeah , hungarian does n't really have accents either . 
  there are sz\u00e9kelys who speak differently , but for the most part you would n't be able to tell if somebody was from budapest , debrecen , or sopron ( all of which are in completely opposite ends of the country ) . 
  a lot less impressive though considering we have like a fourth of your population . 
  they 'll probably last a while then , but i do n't know if the rest of the world would run out of oil before they switch to alternate sources of energy . 
  one could probably debate over this until oil actually runs out though , it 's completely hypothetical who would last longer . 
  do you have a source ? 
  or did you calculate that yourself ? 
  that is assuming i even said anything about boycotting oil , which i did n't . 
  but assuming i did : the saudis do n't need money to function ? 
  if it came down to that there would be alternatives to oil , but there is n't really any alternative to cash . 
  and you 're being overly dramatic , it 's not like plastic products would suddenly disappear , and energy can be generated with other means . 
  i do n't really give a shit about gas either , since i could ( and do ) commute inside the city using bicycles , trams and metro , and outside the city with railway . 
  that is leaving out the fact that the majority of oil exports to europe do n't even come from the middle east . 
  in december 2014 , 71 ' 994 barrels came from europe itself , while 118 ' 421 bbl came from the former soviet union . 
  second place is africa with 86 ' 001 bbl . 
  the entire middle east exported 55 ' 091 bbl to europe , of which around 30 ' 000 came from saudi arabia itself ( [ source ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/energy/en/statistics/eu-crude-oil-imports ) ) sure , oil prices would rise if we ( as in , europe , the article only actually mentions the uk ) sanctioned saudi arabia . 
  but let 's not pretend that we depend on them as much as people are implying here . 
  i 'd even say it 's the other way around , but that 's of course very arguable . 
  and the other way around ? 
  this goes both ways , they 'll be just as fucked if nobody buys from them . 
  they 're in parentheses the same way rumansh speakers are . 
  i was talking about the major languages . 
  yeah , same in switzerland , where the train from geneva to st. gallen has both languages all the way through . 
  i wan na say that 's the case with regional trains too but i 'm not sure . 
  yeah , ffs it works perfectly fine in switzerland . 
  and there you do n't have to deal with two languages , but with three ( or even four if you count rumantsch ) . 
  then again from the outside it looks like the borders between the languages in belgium are much more abrupt than in switzerland ( belgians , correct me if i 'm wrong ) , where you have places like fribourg and valais that serve as a transition between the languages and where both are spoken . 
  you do n't sound condescending . 
  never knew that , i only ever learned about their conquests in europe , which is why i pointed that i did n't know how much they expanded into africa . 
  i did n't mean to sound condescending . 
  they did conquer a large part of europe , but they were far , far away from spain . 
  they only ever conquered territory up to and including most of the carpathian basin , which they held for over 150 years until the 17th century . 
  in africa they held territory that included egypt , but i 'm not sure how much further they got . 
  you might be thinking of the umayyad caliphate who conquered the iberian peninsula a few centuries before , but they do n't really have anything to do with the ottomans except for their religion . 
  edit : by the way , look this shit up on wikipedia . 
  i learned far more there than i ever did in history class , and it 's a more useful way to be bored than reddit . 
  are you serious ? 
  balaton is the `` default '' vacation spot here , seemingly everyone goes there in the summer ( and you 're right , there 's a lot of germans there too ) . 
  many families own vacation homes there , and if they do n't , they 'll just rent one . 
  the villages around the lake are completely deserted outside the summer and a lot of restaurants and shops are closed then too . 
  outside the country favorites include croatia and greece . 
  ah right , it even says so in the title, 
  no , but i did n't say it was actually put on a billboard , i 'm just saying that it is n't that subtle . 
  it 's not that subtle, 
  yeah there is n't an exact definition as far as i know , just as long as you use your brain instead of your muscles it 's a denksport . 
  no , i would n't . 
  you know , just when i started thinking certain stereotypes about french are n't true , you show up . 
  good job . 
  edit : let me rephrase this comment . 
  motor sports have `` sport '' in their name too , and while drivers are much more physically active than gamers , i think it 's only fair to call competitive gaming `` e-sports '' . 
  calling it `` sport '' in itself is a bit too much though . 
  german speakers do it too , they call games like chess or stuff like math competitions `` denksport '' ( thinking sport ) while not seriously considering it a sport , so i do n't see why the same logic ca n't apply in english as well . 
  i 'll have to agree with you . 
  i understand calling it a sport from a legal perspective , but sitting in front of a computer is n't a sport just because it 's competitive , no matter how much effort you put in it . 
  if i played lol all day you would n't call it `` doing sports '' either , but as soon as it 's played competitively it suddenly is ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  any real sport is a sport no matter how much effort you put in it , and that 's not the case with any video game . 
  call it what it is , e-sports , just do n't pretend it 's a sport without the e. 
   calling e sports not real sports is like saying twitch streamer should get a real job even when they are working more hours than other people do . 
  not really . 
  well , this protest was n't exactly baltimore , so i would n't worry too much . 
  if anything it 's good that this is happening . 
  if anybody here ca n't read cyrillic : `` nezvanyj gost huze tatarina '', 
  it 's what their name is in hungarian , gr\u00fazia . 
  come on , that was kinda unnecessary . 
  it has nothing to do with the topic at hand . 
   ( even cleaning service ) . 
  elaborate on this , cleaning service is n't allowed to enter said rooms at any point or just not while it 's in use ? 
  migros has no alcohol either ... 
  they literally are, 
  _ cough _ rtl klub _ cough _, 
  you know this because you live in hungary and are affected by this , right ? 
  `` humans have never been part of europe , they came to us '' \\ - neanderthals, 
  i 'd say they were only really `` accepted '' after they converted to christianity , so i 'm not sure that logic works . 
  huh , i did n't know that . 
  right , but that 's not what i meant . 
  on portuguese websites , which variation of the language is used more , brazilian portuguese or portuguese portuguese ? 
  for english , i 'd say it 's american english , but i 'm not sure that 's the case with portuguese ( i literally have no idea , but your observation makes sense ) . 
  i suppose the easiest is just to choose the flag of the variation you use , if op 's website uses brazilian portuguese then that 's the flag they should go for . 
   hungary : no one relevant let me tell you of our lord and savior viktor orb\u00e1n, 
  you could argue that 's a different case though , because it seems to me american english is more prevalent on the internet than british english . 
  that has got to be a joke ... 
  i mean it 's _ swedish _ newspaper , they of all people should know how `` easy '' integration is . 
  right , i agree with you . 
  who 's prophesizing the world will end ? 
  where ? 
  stop putting words in my mouth . 
  look , i know it 's hard to understand , but the refugee situation is something that needs to be solved now , not in five or ten years . 
  i 'm not proposing a solution , i 'm just saying that corruption can be worked as soon as this is over , orb\u00e1n is n't going anywhere - refugees on the other hand are . 
  i 'm personally not a fan of much of what orb\u00e1n does , but those are issues that do n't require immediate attention . 
  yes , they should be dealt with , but they 're not a priority , because they 're far less prevalent than you make them out to be . 
  hungary does n't even really stand out among eastern european states in the [ corruption index ] ( http://www.transparency.org/cpi2014/results ) , so accusing them specifically is kinda baseless imo . 
   imo , we need to treat hungary the way we treated the serbs 20 years ago when they decided to shit on international law . 
  it worked . 
  meh , if this thread is anything to go by the pendulum is already swinging the other way . 
  okay , this is pushing it . 
  i 'd rather be known to be hung than angry . 
  i suppose you would know best.i was n't being entirely serious though , personally i 'd pick hungary as number 1 . 
  they border italy , austria , croatia , and us .
