  it really depends on the cop , they 'll either roll their eyes at the paperwork they 'll have to do if you get caught ( `` why could n't you hide your weed better ? 
  '' ) , or they 'll barge in your apartment with a team of commandos if they catch a whiff of weed , i 've heard of both scenarios . 
  either way the worst you 'll get are therapy sessions if it 's your first offense and that 's the end of it . 
  the trick is not to get caught in the first place , and considering how many weed smokers there are i 'd say it 's working pretty well . 
  i 'm sure if the police did n't have other shit to deal with they 'd be busting kids for possession all day , but they do , so they wo n't . 
  i do n't think they measured any polish cities . 
  budapest is nowhere to be seen either and there are a ton of potheads here . 
  are you for real, 
  do you have a link ? 
  can we leave this stupid debate be ? 
  nobody gives a flying shit if you do n't know where west virginia or estonia is . 
  it was n't even a european who brought this up . 
  it 's `` in '' maryland is n't it ? 
  then again i have no idea where maryland actually is . 
  you are so ... enlightened . 
  please show me your ways . 
  done . 
  who are you , my grandma ? 
  chill , it was just a remark . 
  downvote if you think it 's shit , and move on . 
  never had serbian store bought dobos torta so i ca n't tell . 
  doubtful though . 
  thanks for your insightful comment . 
  i do n't really want the football rivalry to change though . 
  maybe fewer dipshit hooligans but it 's nice to have a rival that you 'll always try to best . 
  how is it canada 's fault ? 
   carrot that 's an odd visual image, 
  i always think of a v\u00e9res hurka when i see hungary . 
  it 's not that accurate , as it 's missing chunk in the south-east ( basically the entire italian-speaking part ) . 
  but to answer your question i learned how to draw switzerland in school , and there 's a few geometric tricks you can use ... meanwhile hungary is just a sausage . 
  in my head i know what it looks like but i ca n't put it to paper . 
  at least this way hungary has mountains !, 
  haha ha . 
  man i have no idea what 's west of bern ... looks like you 're the same way hah . 
  http://i.imgur.com/r73bugj.png and yes , i know i forgot ticino . 
  there 's [ this facebook page ] ( https://www.facebook.com/%c3%9ajbuda-anno-retro-xi-632562583536949/ ) if you 're interested in more . 
  doubtful . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  that does n't make sense , the donbass war and the occupation of crimea are the same conflict . 
   kie\u0142basa and szynka lol , kolb\u00e1sz and sonka ? 
  that 's probably it for us as well . 
   ninel peia refers to secret service sources and says : putin and merkel were also part of the plan , and their ultimate goal was to take transylvania o. . . ok . 
  i do n't get it . 
  if the ex-ussr is eastern europe , then what are we ? 
  or do the regions go western europe , eastern europe , russia ? 
  seems overly complex , but maybe that 's just me . 
  i propose we just call these regions by their geographic locations , it 's less complicated . 
  and what 's to the east of eastern europe ? 
  `` even more eastern europe '' ? 
  no problem , thanks . 
  the only way to escape american pop culture would be to move to antarctica or siberia or something , it 's quite literally everywhere in the world . 
  speaking from personal experience you could ask a random shop keeper in some himalayan dump and chances are they 'll know who the terminator is . 
  then again india is probably one of the few countries large enough to have their own successful entertainment industry and be consequently less influenced by foreign culture . 
  they 're an exception though , and there 's maybe only a handful of other countries where this is the case . 
  inflection does work the same way in hungarian , but interestingly enough the example you gave would be written using two words here -- h\u00e1zamban is ( h\u00e1z-am-ban is , house-my-in also ) . 
  i wonder what came first , the separate words or the inflections . 
  are you from canada ? 
  are n't there quebecois who do n't speak english ? 
  you could have just , you know , not replied , because then i would n't have bothered . 
  either discuss something or do n't , but do n't tell me to basically shut up after you 're done making your points . 
  it 's a lazy way out . 
  yeah but it 's fancy . 
  is it ? 
  let 's take europe for example . 
  officially secular countries ( the majority of countries ) include france , spain , italy , and the netherlands ( among others , but my point does n't change by picking other countries ) . 
  non-secular ones are the uk , switzerland , and germany . 
  please explain to me how the first group is `` much better '' than the latter . 
   all things considered equal yeah but they are n't , so you ca n't really use that as an argument . 
   and an atheist person tells me at least they dont believe in a big bearded guy living in the skies coordinating everything . 
  this line of thought is completely flawed , because it assumes that all theists are idiots , and atheists are somehow the enlightened ones , based on something that nobody will ever be able to prove . 
  it 's called having a belief for a reason . 
  i think the legend on the top right is supposed to be a scale , i.e. 
  that length is equivalent to 75k people . 
  shit way to do it though . 
  a large number of atheists and a secular government is n't an inherently good thing . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad one either , but that in itself means pretty much nothing . 
  it reminds me of the south park episode with the yelp reviewers . 
  well _ do _ muslim girls want to hide their faces ? 
  seeing that a much smaller percentage of them do wear niqabs in switzerland than wherever they came from i would n't say so . 
  of course if you are a muslim girl that likes to wear a niqab feel free to correct me , but from my view you ( and everybody else in this thread ) are not really in a position to pretend to know what they want . 
  is it `` beyond stupid '' ? 
  is it really ? 
  or can you just not come up with a proper argument ? 
  no , he 's saying that _ any _ troops approaching the border from syria will be perceived as military threats , not syrian military specifically . 
  so turkmenistan = turkey ? 
  no , i would n't have , because i was trying to get a point across and not be a smartass about history . 
  you 're being very superficial . 
  edit : reddit threads are serious business , holy shit . 
  not really , it 's the same as saying `` every nazi is a german '' . 
  edit : i get what you 're saying , i 'm saying something different . 
  i wo n't bother to explain anymore , who gives a shit . 
  i ca n't tell if everyone here is tripping on acid or purposely missing the point he 's making . 
   also at some point some of orbans ancestors migrated to hungary . 
  ignoring the fact that it 's a completely superficial point to make , do you think the slavs and avars around here were happy about the fact that they migrated here ? 
  because they were n't able to defend their territory centuries ago we should n't either ? 
   but this conscious semantic error means you are using the term differently than most other people and makes most of your statements on that topic meaningless to the current situations . 
  who are you , his english teacher ? 
  you and everyone other wise guy in this thread know very clearly what he meant , you 're dancing around the point he 's making because you 're too pretentious to come up with a proper argument . 
  i ca n't believe what i 'm reading . 
  montenegro joining nato is n't really expanding towards their borders though , is it ?
