plague , not pest ( it 's a false friend ), 
  they literally did block a fairly important highway here, 
  a synonym in hungarian for kukac is `` giliszta '' . 
  kukac is the word for worm , heh . 
  or the swiss ... although they do n't have that much to complain about, 
  yes , i agree . 
  i meant the journalist . 
  they are , but i was n't talking about orb\u00e1n , i was talking about the journalist . 
  who ? 
  i 'm talking about the writer . 
  that article reeks of holier-than-thou liberal bullshit , like in the example i mentioned . 
  he takes a quote and concludes that orb\u00e1n thinks all immigrants are criminals , even though the latter said nothing of the sort . 
  sounds familiar, 
   viktor orban , the country 's conservative prime minister , has portrayed the migrants as criminals , saying on friday , `` they have rebelled against hungarian legal order . '' you are n't helping . 
  edit : to specify , i mean the journalist , not orb\u00e1n . 
  my older account is three years old though , would you still consider my application if i can prove it ? 
   `` we turned out to be greater europeans than some others who are in the european union '' yes , yes , whatever you say . 
  it is n't ( and the direction the eu is going in it 'll probably never be ) . 
  spreading their fucked up ideology . 
  they are n't offering to build those mosques out of good will . 
  it would be better , but not for them . 
  not sure you can compare that though . 
  germany and france are much more powerful than any of the v4 countries , and without `` a little club '' that represents our governments ' position they 'll be pushed over . 
  i doubt orb\u00e1n could implement what he 's doing now without knowing that he has three other countries behind him . 
  without that support we 'd have to follow whatever the western countries decide , because individually , the countries are simply too insignificant to resist . 
  there would be cooperation , but not necessarily because we 're willing . 
  and that is n't necessarily good for anybody , not even the eu itself . 
  besides , it would n't be much of a `` union '' if the powerful countries get to call all the shots , would it . 
  fear mongering ? 
  where ? 
   is this a real thing ? 
  what 's it based on ? 
  opinions from a century ago . 
   v4 does not make much sense because it consists of poorer states with no clear common denominator . 
  what horseshit . 
  all four were in the same boat during socialist times , and are closer to each other both economically and culturally than most other european states . 
  the fact that they have to deal with different issues does n't mean they have `` no clear common denominator '' . 
  top comment says they 'll use tear gas and rubber bullets if they have to . 
  ask the media, 
  yes , she did , but a far less agenda-pushing title would be `` hungarian tv camera operator filmed kicking refugees '' or something like that . 
  she did n't only kick children , and the fact that she 's nationalist is irrelevant to the fact that she 's a dick . 
  that title is ridiculous, 
  yeah , budapest is a tad more active . 
  i go back to switzerland every year and the cities are barren during the week . 
  that is n't to say that there are n't any good things about the country , this is just one of the things i kinda miss there . 
   but with a competent and strong government that 's a big thing you 're assuming there . 
  as far as i can tell there are n't really any competent governments in countries that were ravaged by civil war in the past few years . 
  switzerland is too boring , and i grew up there . 
  i 'm definitely not moving back there in the near future . 
  tbf they 've been dealing with this shit for months , so they know how to react . 
  they will as soon as they 're registered . 
  right , i was thinking of syrians that were already living there legally . 
  oh i read `` most '' rather than many . 
  still rather anecdotal though , i 've never heard of a significant syrian population in germany . 
  if any of them want to go to germany because they know people there i 'm sure they 're a minority . 
  ca n't say anything about sweden though , i have no idea what the situation is there . 
   germany and sweden are the destination of many refugees because they know somebody there . 
  source ? 
  well , they are immigrants , but some people get pissy if you call them illegal immigrants ( which a lot of them are ) . 
   if you think reasoned and unbiased criticism is what is going on here , you 're nuts . 
  where did i say that ? 
  stop putting words into my mouth . 
  also you are n't `` reasoned and unbiased '' because you say so . 
  neither am i , but i do n't pretend i am . 
   what the heartless psychopaths here would have you believe [ citation needed ] `` heartless '' is such a typical feel-bad word coming from people who have absolutely no idea what they 're talking about . 
  this is a serious situation , what the hell is `` who gives a fuck '' supposed to mean ? 
  we are completely overwhelmed with these refugees here in hungary , with all due respect you in ireland , which has virtually been unaffected by the situation , really have no idea what the situation here is . 
  yes , a lot of them risk a lot coming here . 
  yes , a lot of them come from shitty places . 
  welcoming them with open arms is not the solution though . 
  there are n't going to be a few thousand migrants here , if this continues there will be several million . 
  that 's not sustainable . 
  i 'm all for giving asylum to those who need it , but this is sheer madness . 
  the best is when you ca n't communicate with your team because they refuse to ( or just ca n't ) speak english . 
  then you get your ass kicked . 
  ironically , so is your comment . 
  no , that sentence makes perfect sense , in fact it 's better than the version the other guy suggested . 
  it 's neutral and does n't imply anything other than the fact that those houses started burning , rather than pointing the finger at somebody . 
  does n't sound that funny to me either tbh . 
  not really . 
  that sentence is perfectly fine as it is . 
  what ? 
  criticizing the situation has nothing to do with `` der dirty immigrants '' . 
  it 's called being realistic , instead of closing your eyes and plugging your ears pretending nothing is happening . 
  to make a comment an account has to be created at some point . 
  absolutely agree . 
  there was a [ thread ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3j805o/redditors_of_europe_who_are_witnessing_the/?sort=top ) on askreddit that made me want to stick a fork into my eyes . 
  my favorite was when one of them called hungarians `` ignorant and nationalistic '' for criticizing the immigrants . 
  hmm ... 
  i 'm not sure you can compare the us to europe , but i do n't know enough about the situation over there to form an opinion . 
  hungary - budapest : civilization everything else ( vid\u00e9k ) : peasants, 
  i think you misunderstood what i meant there . 
  yes , they can choose , but they should n't be able to , at least not to the extent they can now . 
  they 're refugees not tourists . 
  you can force them if you deny them asylum if they refuse to cooperate . 
  they are n't here on holiday and thus not exactly in a position to chose . 
  and your second point can be solved if there 's some eu-wide agency responsible for this , not the countries themselves . 
  asylum seekers are n't exactly in a position to choose though . 
  some sort of properly implemented policy should prevent that from happening , though the question becomes how to enforce it . 
  man , can we stop this ?
