  adds absolutely nothing to the discussion and i see it in every thread . 
  plus , `` european values '' is such a poor argument . 
  what the hell does that even mean ? 
  everybody just uses it to suit themselves , as evidenced in this thread and article . 
  i mean , who gets to define what those values are ? 
  it 's an inherently flawed point because it 's completely up to interpretation what you mean by it and how you use it . 
  it 's a phrase you use if you have a laughable opinion and want to justify it . 
  and if wikipedia is to be believed , it was n't colloquially known in english as `` austria-hungary '' at the time . 
  most people just called it the austrian empire . 
  i 'd say most are dirty , but not necessarily as dirty as in the first picture . 
  but it is getting better . 
  well it 's more effective than no fence , is n't it ? 
  i was more pointing out the fact that it brings absolutely nothing to the table . 
  what are you supposed to do with `` of course '' ? 
  yeah , written dutch really is n't hard to understand if you speak both german and english . 
  i 'd say i can understand the majority of a dutch wikipedia article , for example , especially if i know what the context is . 
  you do realize that there was european history before colonization ? 
  and even post-colonization , what do you think happened in europe ? 
  that everybody was chilling on the beach controlling their slaves with a remote ? 
  what about the countries that did n't colonize anybody ? 
  how many poor , poor exploited slaves suffered for the industrial revolution in europe , which is ultimately the reason you can even spurt your baseless opinion ? 
  did n't europeans suffer in the world wars ? 
  the napoleonic wars ? 
  every single other war that spread death and famine through the continent ? 
  how do you think european countries became the most powerful nations on the earth in the first place ? 
  hint : it was n't through sitting around and stroking their dicks . 
  i 'm not at all saying we did n't exploit people . 
  but it hurts my head how you think europeans only got where they are through exploitation . 
  how can anybody seriously think that ? 
  it 's always the white man 's fault . 
  bad , bad white man . 
  they 're the ones who invented genocide and slavery , after all . 
  are you ... are you serious ? 
  i mean it 's one thing to say europeans have caused a lot of suffering , but to say they have n't suffered themselves is beyond dumb . 
  but dutch is basically english with some german sprinkled in . 
  or something . 
  what the hell kind of comment is this ? 
  no , i 'd say he emigrated from the us and immigrated to poland . 
  but then again i am not an english teacher , so take this as an anecdote . 
  edut : although maybe both are correct if it 's from the perspective of somebody in the place he emigrated from . 
  get your condescending attitude out of here . 
  you 're really not helping yourself . 
  holy shit that 's hilarious . 
  instead disagreeing with me and dissecting my argument you attack me personally . 
  you did n't even read my post , you just straight up tell me i 'm stupid . 
  man , and here i was hoping for a proper discussion , but apparently you 're really as retarded as you first seemed . 
   cheers lol, 
   but does it really matter ? 
  yes it does . 
  it 's really hard to take you seriously when you talk in such a patronizing tone :  there 's this thing called rationality , aka ` common sense ' who are you to define what common sense is ? 
  what rational is ? 
  this is n't a black and white issue . 
  these people are not `` douchebags '' because they hunt whales . 
  it 's their livelihood , and it does n't threaten the species ' existence . 
  what 's there to argue ? 
  these `` intelligent beings '' are food by definition , because you can eat them . 
  you ca n't just say they are n't because they happen to be smarter than other animals . 
  and what 's that shit about there being enough types of food ? 
  are you gon na write up a list on what we are and are n't allowed to eat ? 
   it 's like having a stradivarius , da vinci sketches ... no it is n't . 
  are whales one-of-a-kind , irreplaceable pieces of art that were created centuries ago ? 
  did you even read the post ? 
  these whales have a self-sustaining and large population . 
  there are n't 10,000 of these whales left . 
  there are almost _ a million _ . 
  that 's more whales than the entire population of the faeroe islands . 
  it seems to me you 're against whaling because `` whaling is bad because it is '' . 
  yes , you throw some scientific shit in there that ultimately only a neurosurgeon is able to decipher , but that does n't make your argument more valid . 
  i get it . 
  whales are smart , to an extent . 
  but , in my opinion , to be considered intelligent enough to be exempt from hunting you should n't keep showing up at the place you 're most likely to be killed , and that 's the end of that argument , as far as i 'm concerned . . 
  he did n't say ticks are an insect, 
   beirut i mean , we 're not _ that _ irrelevant , are we ? 
  iron sky was pretty shit imo and you left out italian for inglorious basterds . 
  are you high, 
  not on desktop right now but the pronunciation is easier than it looks . 
  the `` z '' before `` z\u00fcri '' is essentially silent so what you actually say is closer to `` blitst sts\u00fcri '' . 
  you just say it in one go , i wrote the words like that so you know how to stress it . 
  another method you could try is saying `` blitz z\u00fcri '' ( german pronunciation ) , which is already very close to the correct pronunciation , and then squeeze a softer/unstressed z in between . 
  right , i just realized the thread is n't about tongue twisters but about generally interesting sentences . 
  no , i live a bit higher up in the suburbs , so the water flowed down the hill . 
  shush . 
  exactly , i _ do n't _ want to remove my flair . 
  just remove your flair and be done with it . 
  i plan on keeping mine , and i 'm sure i 'm in the majority here . 
  not that hard to pronounce imo ( then again i speak swiss german ) . 
  here 's a harder one that austrians ( and probably germans too ) will know as well : `` d\u00e4 papscht h\u00e4t z ` spiez s ` speckbsteck z ` spoot bstellt '' . 
  the `` oo '' is pronounced like the english `` aw '' , and except for the 's ' used as an article to speckbsteck all s 's are pronounced as `` sch '' . 
  in english that would be `` the pope ordered the bacon cutlery in spiez too late '' . 
  [ relevant t\u00far\u00f3 rudi anthem . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wj2nsemq9a4 ), 
  i think `` a kurva \u00e9letbe '' is an a lot more common alternative to the first two . 
  or `` a pics\u00e1ba '' ( picsa being cunt ) . 
  a lot more streamlined expressions . 
  or kurva . 
  well , many of them are stereotypical geeks that struck gold and got a lot of money . 
  yeah that works if you 're using a well-known provider , like gmail , yahoo , and such ... my email address uses my last name as the domain name , so i always say kukac . 
  probably not necessary , but rather that than a wrong address . 
  well at least people will get to pick which propaganda they want to believe . 
  yeah , that 's why i thought italy had more .
