  it can only exist until the majority discovers it can vote itself largess out of the public treasury . 
  after that , the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits with the result the democracy collapses because of the loose fiscal policy ensuing '' - alexander fraser tytler, 
  because bailing out the piigs is not a vote winner for the cdu party and stuff like that makes it look like the eu is getting tough with countries living outside their means . 
  no i 'm saying it was in everyones interests to have it seen that the uk stopped a new eu treaty . 
  the uk gets to avoid a referendum , it stops an irish referendum , it makes david cameron look good to the eurosceptics in his party and a deal between the eurozone 17 + 8 will get through faster than if it was a new eu treaty . 
  where in the [ good friday agreement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good_friday_agreement#general_provisions ) is there a vote on unification ? 
  you 're right about them being their own people at this stage . 
  i 'm from dublin and anytime i 've spent time in cork or galway , accents aside , it just felt like i was in a different part of dublin but when you go to belfast or derry the atmosphere and the people are just different . 
  you have to feel sorry for them , not really irish and not really british . 
  i agree completely , the north offers nothing socially , culturally or economically . 
  every job up there is directly or indirectly subsidized by london and taking them on would most likely start a unionists round of bombings . 
  there is zero benefits to reunification , from our point of view , unless you count to remove the line on maps a benefit . 
  to be fair the last vote in northern ireland on reunification was boycotted by nationalists . 
  i am against reunification and i 'm of the opinion the only way we will see northern ireland and the republic become part of the same country is through a european superstate . 
  there was nothing in the proposals that was bad enough to warrant a veto . 
  the submission of budgets to brussels for review is totally toothless and the vague talk of penalties for overspending is just that . 
  talk . 
  as far as i can tell , there is no provision for a transaction tax , or indeed any other pan-european tax . 
  dave 's problem is that any change to the lisbon treaty would have forced him to call a referendum . 
  maybe not legally , because the coalition agreement only requires a referendum if powers are transferred from westminster to brussels , but practically because his own party would insist on it . 
  that is a referendum that the british government would certainly lose , paving the way for another referendum on leaving the eu . 
  he does n't want that , at any cost . 
  to avoid further delays and difficulties , and i 'm of the belief that cameron , sarkozy and merkel all agreed on this , he simply took the uk out of the present discussions and left the rest to get on with it . 
  now the eurosceptics owe him a favour and merkel can get on with saving the euro . 
  well `` fiscal police '' as you say , was always going to be part of the deal , and if i recall only ireland has to have a referendum on treaty changes . 
  what happened in ireland with the lisbon treaty 1 was a badly mistimed general election just before the referendum , the only people that were really campaigning were those against it treaty spreading lies such as an end to irish neutrality , abortion would introduced etc. ... 
  the no campaign ended up muddying the waters so much that people voted no because they do n't really know what was going on . 
  when the yes campaign got its at together in the second vote it passed with 65 + percent of the vote . 
  there was talk around the time of lisbon 2 that the fianna fail government was just going to go ahead and ratafiy the treaty and takes its chance with the irish supreme court . 
  i suspect if there was any doubt , and i do n't think there would be as the irish would be made well aware that a no vote would mean leaving the euro , the current fine gael government would takes its chance with a court battle . 
  that would be my worry but the eu has never been known as the height of democracy , if there is anyway to get fiscal union through without any referendum they 'll find a way, 
  believe it or not this is good news , anything that speeds up the move to a fiscal union is good for the euro . 
  the only way out of this mess is the introduction of eurobonds , which was announced yesterday . 
  moves to a fiscal union from a monetary union , which i 'm sure will happen in the next 6 months , and the ecb forgiving the bonds that they 've bought to keep the troubled countries afloat , which will happen in the next 18 months after the markets begin to recover . 
  i disagree with a lot of nigel farage policies but you are being very harsh with that comparrions, 
  i think you are mixing up nick griffin with nigel farage, 
  ah yeah not sure why i put down 18 ... 
  its the spanish banks that are the worry , if they need a bailout it will bring spain down, 
  it 's been on the cards a while , the next step will be moves towards a fiscal union sometime in the next six months then in the next 18 months you will see some debt forgiveness in the bailouted out countries with the ecb forgiving the bonds that they 've bought . 
  when this crisis comes to an end we will be a massive step forward towards a united european superstate centered on the eurozone 17, 
  once again what would you replace it with ? 
  say you 're a company who charters ships to transport grain around the world . 
  we can all agree that we need ships . 
  a new container ship costs , say , $ 100m . 
  your company does n't have $ 100m . 
  you need a way of getting that money so that you can build the ship . 
  once you 've built the ship you can charter it out to some companies and start making money , eventually making enough money to repay the cost of the ship . 
  if you do n't have $ 100m of equity just sitting around the only way to do it reasonably is theough a loan from a bank . 
  the bank will offer their balance sheet to support the company . 
  without the bank that ship would never get built . 
  it 's not extracting money from the economy with little in return ; it 's allowing the economy to function . 
  that 's standard banking . 
  it 's happened for centuries and is an effective way of doing things . 
  banks are a vital part of the economy , allowing companies to grow and do more business through advice and lending . 
  if you want to remove banks then you are going to have to replace them with something that can give out credit for economic expansion otherwise we will see growth grind to a halt . 
  what would you replace the banking sector with ? 
  i measure recovery in that things are improving . 
  it will be late 2014 to early 2015 before its gets back to 2008 levels , and this is depending on the euro not disintegrating , but considering krugman and other keynesian economists were all claiming that ireland 's austerity measures was going to finish the country off i think being the fastest growing economy in the eurozone this year is a pretty good start . 
  the government carries just as much fault as the banks and as the general public . 
  greece is a prime example of where democracy goes wrong , the politicians where essentially buying their electorates votes and the people did n't care what was going on as long as they could retire at 55 . 
  ireland , its growing when all keynesian economists said the austerity measures would kill off any chance of a recovery . 
  well take is as a basic lesson about economics something , it seems , you clearly need . 
  latvia is a developing country and is not a eurozone member so its an unfair comparison . 
  krugman gets a lot right but he has been a true keynesian , irrespective of all contrary evidence . 
  i really wish he would at least show a little logical consistency . 
  once again you are letting a populist agenda cloud facts and reality . 
  banks are a vital part of the economy , allowing companies to grow and do more business through advice and lending . 
  the idea that banks are just creaming off the hard work of everyone else is a pernicious falsehood spread by the previous government who were looking for someone to blame . 
  do you know why the sub-prime mortgage happened ? 
  a large percentage of the american population wanted to be able to buy homes but the banks would n't give them loans as they considered them too risky to lend to , the us government ordered banks to lend to people that they would not usually lend to and the us said that they would guarantee those loans for a time . 
  once the us government stopped guaranteeing the loan then , amazingly , people started to default on loans . 
  so who is at fault there ? 
  now , if you 've got usd100m owed to you over 10 years , guaranteed by the us government , you as good as have usd100m . 
  so you can lend someone else usd100m against the proceeds from that loan . 
  however , it the first loan is n't repaid , because the government walked away , all of the resultant loans are also going to default , and it precipitates a crisis the bankers over-leveraged , there 's no denial of that , but they are not the sole cause of the crisis , as they are being portrayed , nor are they all paying bonuses with tax-payers ' money . 
  the us government ordered banks to lend to people because they wanted their electorate to vote for them . 
  if anything this whole mess shows one of the biggest flaws in democracy . 
  well you 'll have to show me some economic/scientific rationale for such a belief , not a political/populist one . 
  well as far as the bailouts go it was absolutely necessary . 
  banks are businesses , they encourage you to deposit your money with them , offering interest rates if you do so ( effectively paying you money for your savings ) . 
  however , banks make their profits from using the money you left in their hands to invest in companies , organizations or individuals , through the use of loans ( credit ) . 
  since your money is effectively re-invested elsewhere , the bank can not give you all your money back tomorrow if you ask for it . 
  it has some money free , but not enough . 
  the spare cash is called the working capital . 
  now when the banks made bad investments , they effectively lost your savings , not their own . 
  and they do n't have enough working capital to pay you back . 
  yes , the banks would have failed but you would n't have any money either . 
  so , you would have had no money , banks would not exist and businesses would not be able to acquire any credit with which to expand , or buy new stock , or employ people with etc. 
  effectively the economy would fucked . 
  thus , the government gave banks the money in the form of loans to write-off their bad investments and tried to allow them to function like normal so that this would only be a downturn as opposed to a complete collapse of our way of life . 
  i would be very glad to be convinced we can throw the banks under the bus without throwing ourselves under in the process , but somebody will have to show me some economic/scientific rationale for such a belief , not a political/populist one . 
  absolutely the banks deserve it , but suicide is still suicide . 
  i 'm assuming you are referring to the bailouts ? 
  how exactly does that critic what i posted ? 
  krugman acknowledge that ireland is starting to recover whether it is because or in spite of their austerity measures is up for debate . 
  i think , and plenty of other economists think , the fact that ireland is the only eurozone country in trouble that stuck to its austerity measures and is now the fastest growing economy in the eurozone is more than just correlation . 
  ireland [ on raglan road - the dubliners ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5d6fbbwlu3k&amp;feature=related ) the song and scene are from the film in bruges which is also well worth watching, 
  there is a big difference in culture between the us and europe . 
  given our respective histories , i guess it 's understandable really . 
  this is how i understand america : during the early years when america was still being colonised there was so much land and so many resources available that nobody really needed a government .
