fuck it , its more points then we ( ireland ) got in the euros ... 
  it will be iceland, 
  i for one welcome our croatian friends into the eu !, 
  you could n't meet a nicer group of people and they even managed to drink the irish under the table at the euros last summer, 
  the reason the eurozone mess has dragged on for so long is all about politicians appealing to their electorate . 
  hell you could argue that the economic crisis of the last few years is due to politicians making decisions to win votes rather than in the best interest of their countries . 
  merkel is holding it up as she knows she will be out of a job when the necessary changed are made . 
  we will see the introduction of eurobonds rather than individual countries going to the markets , we will see some form of debt forgiveness with the piigs countries and we will see steps towards a fiscal union rather than just a monetary union . 
  we 've been hearing doomsday predictions since 2008 . 
  every week an economist comes out with dire warnings , we 've only got x amount of time to save the euro , we 're heading for a depressions etc. 
  it 's tiresome . 
  with merkel , she follows the art of what she thinks she can get . 
  she follows the ` schw\u00e4bische hausfrau ' mentality and will not commit to eurobonds , esm directly capitalising the banks until she has no other choice . 
  point is we will get to that point and germany will step in . 
  this is just a game at the moment , trying to get europe to commit to greater fiscal unity . 
  we 'll get there in the end , the euro will be saved and greater unity will be a certainty . 
  sure why not , while we 're at it let the greeks have a referendum on increasing tax on their pharmaceutical industry . 
  after all both have as much to do with the current mess in greece as each other . 
  its the right call to be honest , will help what ever party comes to power function as a government . 
  the referendum should be worded , '' does greece carry out the austerity measures as specified by the bailout packet or does greece leave the eurozone '' it will allow the greek people to decide the only two options on the table, 
  the euro-zone and the eu are two totally different constructs . 
  the only way for greece to leave either , is if they decide to . 
  the rest of the euro-zone could bully them out of the $ by not transferring a cent of bailout money . 
  only outcome would be immediate default with no possibility of refinance on global markets . 
  their economy will come to a standstill . 
  so in a way they can be forced out by simply refusing to pay into that bottomless pit . 
  not that having a drachma would do them much good on the markets . 
  they will have to pay crazy rates ( 20-30 % ) anyway with a very weak currency that would make any $ or $ purchase 2-3x more expensive . 
  however , they could end up being very competitive with agrarian products and tourism . 
  they should be able to get their economy going eventually , but from a much much lower level : that of a 3rd world agrarian economy . 
  greece is utterly fucked for the foreseeable future . 
  my simple view on global macroeconomics is that the western world needs inflation . 
  no other way out . 
  only way the debt mountain can be shrunk , real growth will never be sufficient on it 's own, 
  if they remain in the euro , their creditors will demand compliance with austerity = economic doldrums for years . 
  if they decide to leave the euro , the drachma would sink on the foreign exchange markets like a stone . 
  greece would have to raise interest rates to try to defend/offset the fall in value of the drachma . 
  greece would still have to pay their creditors in a `` hard currency '' . 
  depreciating drachma buying euro/dollar/sterling essentially greece is utterly fucked, 
  it seems to have been right now but really the only way we will know if its been will depend on how the eurozone debt crisis turns out, 
  that 's my thinking too but the truth is we are not certain what would happen if one of the piigs defaulted and that is what the likes of nuno santos and sinn fein here in ireland pray on when suggesting a default is a workable solution, 
  many portuguese may be thinking that if they 're shafted anyway , better to do it themselves than have germany do it for them . 
  similarly , if the choice is between decades of grinding austerity and perpetual brain drain , or the great unknown of default and a hope-for-the-best gamble , many will prefer the gamble . 
  portugal , from what i can tell , does n't have much of an economy , but if they do exit the euro then they can count on one export - tourism . 
  all the people who have chosen to go to turkey , croatia and bulgaria because portugal is so expensive inside the euro could be persuaded back . 
  of course , that assumes that portugal is still a functioning state and that everyone else in europe can afford to go on holiday, 
  france have either had advance warning that they 're being downgraded or are certain that it 's coming . 
  nothing else explains their ridiculous display of petulance in the last two days . 
  although french politics does get like this towards election times . 
  nothing like a bit of nationalist drum beating to garner some popular support . 
  i really do n't like the whole more us vs them nationalism from the uk press . 
  economics is not something you allow to be clouded by nationalism , especially when we are all tied together by a single market . 
   `` the ratings agencies are making decisions based more on politics than economics '' the problem is that the eurozone politicians still do n't seem to understand that politics and economics can not be decoupled when dealing with a government debt crisis . 
  if there is n't the confidence in the politicians to sort out the mess then the economics , if not already fucked , will become fucked very quickly . 
  the rating agencies have , quite rightly in my opinion , decided that they 've seen enough bluster and summits from the eu with nothing approaching a solution coming out of them . 
  meanwhile our friends in brussels seem to think that continuing to talk about perhaps talking about doing something next year will be enough . 
  there are several options which can be taken to resolve the euro crisis . 
  the ecb printing money is probably the easiest option but it will spell problems in the long term . 
  the problem for the euro and for sterling too , is insolvent banks . 
  if the banks are insolvent then the insolvency has to be purged . 
  you change `` uk '' with `` italy '' and you have a perfect explanation of the `` splendid '' italians monetary manouvres of the 80ies ( i.e. 
  the manouvres which left them with some huge public debt to repay ... honestly , if i was you i would set off `` anti aircraft sirens '' all over london rather than being happy about this political situation ... ), 
  are you sure about british exposure to spain ? 
  i was under the impression that the uk was heavily exposed to spanish banks . 
  your right that europe would lose out , the uk is the 3rd largest economy in the eu , it would be the equivalent of the us losing texas or new york . 
  one scenario that i could see playing out is that you 'll be squeezed out by the eu making economic decisions that are to your disadvantage , but which currently have the force of law in the uk . 
  you are going to have to start dismantling those treaties to avoid that , and thus the ball starts to inexorably roll . 
  the problems for britain of british non-participation in the common market in the long term are far larger than europe 's . 
  economies prosper as a direct function of their scale . 
  britain , alone , is a middle-level player in no trade group . 
  your economy is already stressed as a result of the loss of your manufacturing sector and the preeminence of finance as your industry . 
  i am a firm believer that only when italy or spain come looking for a bailout will a solution be found everything that goes on before then is politicking . 
  history will decide if cameron has played this well or not . 
  either the euro collapses and takes the rest of the world into something much worse than the 08 crash or the euro survives and britain have to face up to a massive singular economy that wont allow britain to enjoy the benefits of economic union without the costs , they will come gunning for london . 
  they have their politics , just like you have yours . 
  as comforting as it might be to imagine that happening , it wo n't . 
  either outcome will be very bad for the uk, 
  i ca n't help but feel that all this support is pretty much based on a ` look at us sticking it to those meddling europeans ' sentiment ... and not really founded on anything solid . 
  i 'd bet my house if after asking all those people ` did you think it was the right call ? ', 
  you then asked ` why ? 
  ' ... not fucking one would be able to give a satisfactory answer . 
  and truth be told , i reckon it 's too early for anyone to honestly answer that second question . 
  from what i can tell in the short term this will be to britain 's advantage , but it 's difficult to see a long-term outcome other than britain not being in the common market , which would be disastrous . 
  some very clever tap dancing is required over the next year or two to enjoy the benefits of a without suffering the consequences of b. i hope your politicians are up to it certainly from ireland 's point of view we need a strong british economy for our recovery . 
  i am however , for the first time , feeling nervous . 
  i have felt for some time now that the uk economy is built on the sands of financial services and consumer debt , and it was just a question of when the pay back begins and what it means . 
  yep , not much we can do about it really . 
  sooner or later we 'll get out of this mess but i 'm sure whatever solution is thought up will be sowing the seeds for the next crisis ... . 
  the reason the eurozone mess has dragged on for so long is all about politicians appealing to their electorate . 
  hell you could argue that the economic crisis of the last few years is due to politicians making decisions to win votes rather than in the best interest of their countries . 
  i know certainly it was the case in ireland . 
  fianna fail were using the revenue off a property bubble to buy elections , increasing the public finances to levels that were unsustainable once the eventual crash happened . 
  they did nothing to protect the country and to try to keep us competitive with other eu states , instead contributing the inflation and the cost of living and spending our money . 
  but most floating voters just wanted to believe that it would go on forever , and they wanted the short term benefits that ff promised them , so they kept on giving them the vote . 
  if our government could have balanced the budget , or been close to being able to do it , for the last few years , then we could have taken this bank collapse in our stride . 
  we could have told the eu for fuck off , and burnt the bondholders , because we would n't have been reliant on the bailout money to pay for the country 's day-to-day expenditure . 
  but can you really blame fianna fail ? 
  had they campaigned on responsible economic policies they would have been dumped out of power of the irish voters and i know that no other party before 2008 was running on the idea of deflating the bubble as no one would have voted for them . 
  i am a firm believer that this mess was created just as much by the flaws in democracy as the lack of banking regulation . 
  '' `` a democracy can not exist as a permanent form of government .
