  just like the head of the maffia never does the dirty work himself . 
  it does n't help arresting pawns , there are always more of those , you need to get the ringleaders . 
   how 's it better than your local site ? 
  does n't the postage costs make it rubbish too ? 
  the local site only sells ebooks . 
  postage is cheap from uk , only a few euro 's . 
  after the brexit there will be vat + custom 's administration fees ( 35eur or so ) added to anything over 22 euro 's , on top of the postage . 
  which makes ordering british dvd series from the uk directly ridiculously expensive . 
  which means that for many things i 'll have to wait for some european distributor to pick them up . 
  bbc stuff probably wo n't be an issue , but other things ? 
   even if i ca n't name a single one of them . 
  but they will be missed . 
  it will bother me that i ca n't simply order from amazon.co.uk anymore :(, 
   we have our laws , putin 's or some chinese guy approval is not necessary . 
  if you want to freeze the assets of a person whose money in somewhere far away from europe , then you need unsc approval , and hence russia and china . 
   that is what i do n't understand , too . 
  this sounds like `` we would like to prosecute our own criminals but we can not because russia and china ar3 secretly against it '' . 
  very simple . 
  suppose we know who the smugglers are and exactly where they are hiding their money ( some non-european country ) . 
  now , the eu says they want to freeze those person 's assets . 
  the bank there goes , `` fuck you , we do n't do any business with the eu so we do n't care '' . 
  now , suppose you have a sanction from the unsc . 
  then you can say to the bank `` freeze those assets or well freeze all international transactions to/from you '' . 
  the bank goes `` gulp '' and freezes the assets . 
  asset freezing happens all the time and the un makes it work fairly well . 
  just the eu threatening do n't work if said bank is outside the sphere of influence of europe . 
   the uk might wait until the very last minute and then suddenly compromise massively and coming forward with much more reasonable terms . 
  if that happens , we just extend the deadline . 
  that 's only requires a council meeting , not the parliaments . 
  interesting point though : does the uk have any influence over the deadline ? 
  could the eu simply delay indefinitely ... 
   you really believe that there wo n't be any more migrants in the future ?? 
  that 's not what i said . 
  the argument is : is the eu going to try redistributing migrants the same way again ? 
  the issue with the ee countries not accepting the few thousand allocated migrants now is that it 's no longer about the migrants . 
  it 's about the ee countries refusing to implement a properly ratified decision from a governing body that used the agreed process for taking such decisions . 
  it 's as if a state in the us saying they were still going to ban gay marriage even though the supreme court says they ca n't . 
  it does n't matter how much you sympathise with their position , the point is we have rules and we ca n't just throw them out when we feel like it . 
  so , for the record , i do n't think the eu will try this approach again , it 's not worth the pain . 
  but they also ca n't back down from the previous decision because that 's equivalent to saying `` we do n't want to abide by our own rules '' . 
   they are n't doing anything to reduce the flows though well , for example [ here ] ( https://www.irinnews.org/special-report/2017/02/02/eu-strategy-stems-migrant-flow-niger-what-cost ) . 
  so now they die in the desert instead of the sea . 
  but at least it 's not our problem right ? 
  i know italy is threatening to block landing rights for the ngo in italian ports . 
  i think they should do that , though it is fairly extreme . 
   but the uk did n't want to join it so another assertion needing research before posting . 
  that 's kind of my point : they want access to the schengen database , but not be member of schengen . 
  that 's simply not an option . 
  i never suggested they wanted to join schengen . 
   surely that devalues your point about schengen being important for eu integration . 
  schengen has less to do with freedom of movement and more to do with simplifying judicial procedures . 
  sharing lists of people wanted for arrest . 
  better support when chasing criminals across borders . 
  given ireland is an island it 's not nearly as important whether they 're a member or not . 
  though i understand the uk would like access to the schengen database of known `` interesting people '' . 
  tough shit . 
   federalization would be a giant step back for every country with any kind of comprehensive social welfare etc there 's a step missing here . 
  why would federalisation have any effect on welfare policy ? 
  all it affects is having a common external trade and defence policy . 
  different parts within a country often have different tax structures so that 's not a big problem ( see also the us ) . 
  i 'd say replace the current eu funding model with a 1 % flat income tax and 1 % corporation tax . 
  then that whole debate can be skipped as ell . 
  the biggest issue would be the shuffling of seats in various international organisations . 
   in other words , european taxpayers ' money rescued german and french banks that engaged in irresponsible lending ( an irresponsible loan implies an irresponsible lender , and actually banks are much better equipped than businesses & households to assess risk , both micro and macro ) . 
  but the banks took a 50 % loss on their debts , so it 's not like they got off scott-free . 
  what it did was buy a lot of certainty . 
   that 's why a default/restructuring/haircut is systematically ruled out even though it is necessary , as made clear by the imf . 
  the payments dates keep getting pushed off , which is equivalent to a haircut because of inflation . 
   you 'll probably see a spanish constitutional amendment in the near future , but catalonia may already be gone by then . 
  actually catalonia leaving will probably be one of the major causes triggering the spanish constitutional amendment . 
  this makes no sense . 
  you are an independent country if other countries recognise you as one and treat you as one . 
  i really do n't see that happening . 
  most likely result , everyone ignores the result , since it 's worthless . 
  what i want to know is , how much of the spanish sovereign debt are you going to take as your fair share ? 
   this is illegal within eu rules , so it never gets brought up . 
  we paid libya for a similar deal , but that got all fucked up when we started a war there . 
  http://www.mei.edu/content/italy-and-its-libyan-cooperation-program-pioneer-european-union%e2%80%99s-refugee-policy right now we 're making such deals with niger . 
  it 's not exactly a secret ... 
   the solution is actually pretty mundane . 
  save the people but bring them back to the shore they started from . 
  umm , what ? 
  i get that towing the boats back might make it a little less attractive ( though i doubt it ) . 
  but there is a real natural disaster happens , then no-one going to care , they are going to come anyway . 
  btw , do n't buy into the lie that all of africa wants to come to europe . 
  there are 2 billion people there and only a very small subgroup from a handful of countries is attempting to come here . 
  if we unfuck those countries then you 've basically also solved the problem . 
  i 've seen interviews with these people , they are not going to be held back by stories that their boats will be towed back . 
  they 'll just keep trying and trying until they ( probably ) drown . 
  to generate lots of press to help them win the next election ? 
  it 's working , i can tell you that . 
   well , apparently no nobody has , otherwise we would hear from the discussions , which laws and conventions should be changed in order to make this happen . 
  what we used to do is pay kaddafi money to stop people getting on boats . 
  he threw them in jail and we turned a blind eye . 
  then libya fell apart and now we have to deal with even less organised nations like niger . 
   meps just vote on legislation made by commission . 
  what on earth are they working on ? 
  they work with the commission and the people actually writing the regulations . 
  because lets face it , nobody wants their stuff to get killed by the parliament if they can help it . 
  so each major party is consulted to see what is necessary to gain support .
