  whether it 's a majority , i 'm not sure . 
   its ' estimated that western europeans wo n't be a majority by 2050 . 
  that would happen eventually without immigration simply due to the negative population growth . 
   halving them gives us the number of german males . 
  6,7 million ok , so the actual amazing part is that there are only 6.7 million german males between 20 and 30 . 
  fwiw , the cbs in nl put the number of dutch males between 20 and 30 at 778,732 or 4.5 % of the population , so your percentage might be high . 
  in total there are 1,081,810 males between 20 and 30 in holland , or 6.4 % . 
  it 's just not a very large group . 
  [ 2016 stats ] ( http://statline.cbs.nl/statweb/publication/?dm=slnl&amp;pa=37325&amp;d1=0-1&amp;d2=a&amp;d3=0,123&amp;d4=0&amp;d5=0-4&amp;d6=l&amp;hdr=g5,g1&amp;stb=g2,g3,g4,t&amp;vw=t ) . 
  i guess it 's location dependant . 
  i get picture with prices for several different store . 
  google shopping is available in spain , but i could n't get any jeans to appear . 
   your law says if you are 51 % you punish success ( apply a new set of rules ) . 
  you 're not punishing success , you 're punishing abuse . 
  that 's the whole point of antitrust . 
  strictly speaking : if a firm has a dominant position , because it has beyond a 39.7 % market share then there is `` a special responsibility not to allow its conduct to impair competition on the common market '' . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_competition_law ) . 
  if google shopping is that good it should be able to won on its own merits ... 
   if google were gaming its own engine in favour of its own websites , then it makes sense to do this fine . 
  but they are . 
  go to google . 
  search for `` jeans '' . 
  looks , they have they own google shopping there right next to the results , yet not a single other comparison site anywhere on the first page . 
  i did n't even ask for a comparison site , yet got one anyway ... 
   market leader market leaders sure , just not monopolists . 
  if you have 65 % of the market , people do n't care as much . 
  if you have 95 % then people do . 
  see also microsoft . 
   is the fine because they mixed paid results with unpaid results ? 
  or is it more basic , and a company can not differentiate between its customers and non-customers used in a price comparison ? 
  basically , there was an industry in comparison sites ( in nl at least vergelijk.nl and beslist.nl and others , other eu countries probably had similar ) . 
  then google comes along and uses their search engine dominance to knock its competitors out of the market . 
  google is not allowed to use its natural monopoly in search to create an artificial monopoly in another market . 
  if google shopping is that good , then it should win on its own terms ... 
   it is a difficult situation because google is the one spending money to host the service no , companies are paying to get listed on google shopping , they are n't doing it for free . 
  these companies are also paying other comparison sites , except those get pushed way down in the rankings ... 
   this case will set a terrible precedent and is what will truly harm the consumer experience . 
  this is precisely the same law that whacked microsoft for setting your default browser to ie and default search engine to bing . 
  you also think those actions are fine ? 
   hmm , does n't norway have tariffs on cheese , meat and cars from the eu ? 
  [ apparently yes ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/agriculture-food/news/norway-promises-to-reduce-tax-on-imported-eu-meat-and-cheese/ ) . 
  but they 're not actually allowed to and it 's causing some friction . 
  being a member of the eea they signed up to various obligations to get various benefits . 
  while slow legal processes mean that you can get away with delaying for some time , there comes a moment where you have to put up or shut up . 
  there a difference between lending a bank some money to tide them over ( you get that back with interest ) , and bailing out a bank ( which is money you wo n't get back ) . 
   it 's not legal but given the circumstances ... ah yes , the `` we follow the law when it suits us '' argument . 
  if a country thinks the laws are stupid , all a country needs to do is simply withdraw from the relevant treaties . 
  that would at least be consistent and then in the case where one of their boats is sinking we can let them drown with a clear conscience . 
  the best way to prevent this problem is stabilise libya , and stop fucking up the rest of the continent . 
   i 've long wondered how some countries can be in the eea without being in the customs union . 
  norway , etc , are in the labour market and implement eu laws , but still pay tariffs on goods ... ? 
  the efta means there are no tariffs , so it 's not that . 
  the difference between a customs union and an fta is that with a customs union each country applies the same tariffs to other parties . 
  so this way , norway can apply its own tariffs to stuff from china , whereas turkey ca n't . 
   the risks were held back , and we all suffer from it . 
  well , lehman brothers melting down was something that was not foreseen . 
  it was assumed there 'd be more time to get all the ducks in a row . 
  the greek debt problem was not foreseen either . 
  you could argue that they took a gamble and it did n't work out as they hoped . 
  that does n't mean taking the gamble was wrong though . 
   i think the damage to the trust in the eu as institution is also a cost we should n't discount . 
  that was probably not foreseen , though migration is likely to be a bigger issue ( and has nothing to do with the euro at all ) . 
   it worked for the belgian/luxembourg money for decades ( about 70 years , and then the euro replaced it . ), 
  for the netherlands too ... 
   you cumulate wealth all your life , just to die . 
  what 's the point of accumulating ? 
  much better to use it up . 
   assuming every possible heir denied the title , i imagine we 'd technically become a republic . 
  our head of state would likely be someone from the house of lords you could do what other commonwealth members do , have a governor-general . 
  although it would be weird of all these governor-generals representing a crown , which is an empty seat . 
   what action has the eu taken that has tangibly stabilised libya over the last 48 months ? 
  you could [ google ] ( https://eeas.europa.eu/headquarters/headquarters-homepage_en/19163/eu-libya%20relations,%20factsheet ) it ? 
   from what i 'm seeing libya is getting worse with no end in sight . 
  despite what people think , stopping a war is vastly harder than starting one . 
   eu should be able to choose their president via proportional voting , which would the very least have as much power as the european parliament , in my opinion . 
  fuck that . 
  that would give the president actual power , the current one has none , let 's keep it that way . 
  which president do you mean btw , we have three ? 
  i would vote against a presidential system in a heartbeat . 
  parliamentary systems are much better . 
   but when certain parts of society are far more likely to do it , why not look at them ? 
  depends on the goal . 
  if your goal is to reduce the number of victims , then a 3 % reduction in the problem as a whole has more impact than a 50 % reduction in a single small group . 
  the way you wrote is sounds like `` there 's not much we can do about rapes by german 's so we accept that as ok , we should instead focus on some group we think we can do something about '' . 
  it 's not ok , it 's never ok . 
  i find it an example of examining the trees and missing the forest . 
  even looking at the 20 % `` all foreigners '' group would make more sense . 
   the only way to avoid those checks would be a complete trade embargo . 
  well , you can do a customs union . 
  turkey may not like the eu right now , but they sure are n't discussing leaving the customs union . 
  they 're not stupid . 
  the union with turkey does n't cover agricultural products which is probably the area the uk has the most problems with . 
  i doubt the uk wants to differentiate itself by having different standards for high-tech products . 
  otoh , it does tie your hands a bit w.r.t. 
  trade agreements . 
  but then again , every trade agreement makes it harder to negotiate the next one . 
   and this helps those victims how ? 
  it does n't . 
  it means 80 % of such crimes are committed by germans . 
  if you want to reduce the number of victims , you have to look at the largest group .
