  questioning what ? 
  i mean , there 's a university which has a chair with the word `` gulen '' in it . 
  this says precisely nothing the relationship between the university and a movement with the name ` gulen ' . 
  to be clear : i have seen no evidence gulen is a dangerous organisation , i have also seen no evidence they are not . 
  as such , i do n't know . 
  what i do see is some leader doing stuff that seems silly without any evidence whatsoever . 
  no having an opinion is not a bias , it 's simply having an open mind . 
   not in brussels . 
  you mean the other member states . 
  what brussels thinks is irrelevant . 
   from my experience they are a quite dangerous bunch . 
  their followers are put in a strict hierarchy and everyone does follow the orders of their superiors . 
  i was giving volunteer lessons in one of their school 's and got to experience it firsthand . 
  the pupils were forced to religious practices and had to attend meetings where they talked about how awesome g\u00fclen is etc. 
  sounds like the catholic church , just replace gulen with the pope . 
   its weird to see a university having anything to do with an islamic extremist movement like gulen isnt it ? 
  i guess it really depends on what gulen is . 
  whatever it is , i do n't see how the word `` islamitic extremist '' can be applied to without watering down the meaning of the term altogether . 
  in this case they are giving the univeristy money , so why would the university say no given they have full control over the output, 
   yeah but to what reaction from europe ? 
  not a friendly one . 
  technically , the eu has no leverage . 
  but you 're right , practically you 're telling thousands of people who worked years of the lives on an agreement that their work is worthless , one which the vast majority of countries already agreed to . 
  and the government also thought was a good idea . 
  doing that is unlikely to win you any favours in the long run . 
  referendums where the population second guess their own government almost never end well . 
   i agree you have to draw the line somewhere , but is 2 years really enough ? 
  probably not , but it 's a deadline that makes people do something . 
  in 2 years we can all get together and decide to extend it to something more reasonable . 
  at least this way lights the fire under some asses . 
   unnatural this country there 's no such thing as a `` natural country '', 
   not enough free surface area for enough solar given that we produce way more using agriculture than we need and farmers are still increasing the productivity of the land ( sending others out of business ) , i think there 's plenty of room . 
  and solar panels do n't require as much maintenance as cows . 
   they ruin the countryside , many areas are now ruined by massive towers with spinning turbines over your head matter of opinion , i think they look awesome , i remember cycling across the border to germany and seeing dozens of windmill scattered over fields of blooming rapeseed . 
  i thought it looked rather pretty . 
   i do n't understand why you think the existing border checks that are in place for non-eu residence , will be ineffective on people travelling from the rest of the eu to ireland to cross the ni border . 
  they will be just as ineffective as now ( i.e. 
  not ) . 
  mainly because there does n't need to be much border control anyway . 
  the number of people in ireland that are not allowed to go to england is vanishingly small . 
  if you had refugees on boats arriving in ireland they 'd be made much more effective . 
  the smart move would be to allow northern ireland to keep their freedom of movement with the eu and introduce the border control between the england and the whole island of ireland . 
   the biggest problem which is n't shown on this map is that there is very little redistribution of wealth in the eu . 
  the wealth distribution in the us is primarily driven by , wait for it , the us federal government which amounts to 25 % of gdp . 
  the entire budget of the eu is like 1 % gdp so obviously there 's not going to be much wealth distribution . 
  trade does n't lead to much wealth distribution in general . 
  taxation is much more effective . 
   that is after all the whole point of free trade . 
  both sides benefit from it . 
  the wto abolished most tariffs already , tariffs are the boring and uninteresting part of an fta . 
  the hard part is , for example , where america wants to sell you ( tariff free ofcourse ) chicken cleaned with bleach and ( tariff-free ) gmo corn while simultaneously saying that they wo n't allow you to sell ( tariff-free ) beef because it might be infected with some disease . 
  tariffs are really the boring part . 
   the eu forced the lisbon treaty vote on use twice exactly what force was used ? 
  the government had to organise the referendum , they could have simply refused to do it ... 
   eea is -- weirdly enough -- a separate treaty from the eu itself , and must be ratified separately . 
  iiuc the eea was originally proposed to be a kind of eu-lite , to allow countries to access the single market without going for the full political union . 
  but then stuff happened and switzerland borked the efta integration . 
  and then after the fall of the iron curtain adding new full eu member became less problematic . 
  and so we 're left with a patchwork of overlapping treaties which do n't quite match up . 
   relying on the goodwill and understanding of 0.09 % of the population is not a risk worth having . 
  no national government would ever implement such a crazy system . 
  i 'm guessing you 're referring to the fact that luxembourg as a sovereign nation can not be told to do things it does n't want to . 
  this does n't seem strange to me at all . 
  the eu is not a federation , not even close . 
  almost everything is done by consensus or not at all . 
  this is a political choice though . 
  if one country rejects a proposal it would be possible to continue with the remaining countries . 
  we as europeans mostly choose instead to either get everyone on board or not do it at all . 
   80 % of all decisions are unanimous . 
  and for lots of stuff unanimity is required . 
  qmv has made it harder for a single country to block things , but even then unanimity is the goal . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#qualified_majority_voting ( incidentally , in the us states with 0.18 % of the population get the same senate representation as state with 12.15 % of the population , while 1 % of the population has no senate representation at all . 
  the world is not perfect , things are the way they are . ), 
   considering those countries have no government ca n't migrants simply be smuggled back ? 
  it 's not like there 's any government that can retaliate well , sure . 
  we * could * . 
  the question is : do we think this is an acceptable action for a western country ? 
  we could put them on a rubber boat off the coast of africa , but every fibre of my being says this is * wrong * . 
  this is a big problem though . 
  once climate change really gets going it 's not going to be the small groups like we have now . 
  we 're already dealing with the largest number of displaced people since ww2 , climate change is going to make it 10 times worse . 
  now it 's possible that climate change might make the sahara greener which would help immensely , but is that something we want to bet on ? 
   eu had power just decided to do nothing . 
  what power ? 
  the eu had no influence on government spending . 
  it ca n't bail out a country . 
  the eu ca n't even borrow/lend money ( some of these things have changed since the whole greece debacle ) . 
  the fact is we do n't have a federal europe . 
  the trick to identifying whether the eu has power/rights in an area is to check if the european parliament got to vote on it . 
  if no , then the eu has no power in the relevant area but is merely a spectator . 
   with a comprehensive plan to focus on global warming if we wait until there 's a comprehensive plan we 'll all be dead before anything happens . 
  we do n't need `` a plan '' , we need to make lots of little plans targeting different parts and execute them as they become viable . 
  anything else will take too long . 
   border controls , eu wide border security force frontex  automatically denying asylum to anyone arriving by boat , no asylum to people without papers , no asylum centers on the mainland , laws to support deportation , stronger stance on countries refusing to accept their own citizens back , no asylum to people not respecting schengen ( almost ) all those people * are * denied asylum already , that 's not the problem . 
  the problem is as you point out that we ca n't deport them again . 
  the countries where they come from barely have a functioning government , so it 's unclear what we could threaten them with . 
  there was a while a program where people got money if they voluntarily left , but that also has unfortunate side-effects , even if it was effective . 
   also , the money spent was important because of the ( really awful at the end of world war ii ) situation things were in , but it was not large compared to what was rebuilt after the war . 
  the marshall plan was maybe $ 110 billion or so in today 's dollars . 
  i read somewhere that germany was at 80 % of pre-war industrial capacity before the marshall plan got started .
