  for people that are willing to learn we 're willing to help train them . 
  there is a fairly dramatic divide between what skills are needed and what is available . 
   why give everyone complete coverage when you do n't give adequate housing or transportation ? 
    should we give people nice houses over public housing and cars rather than buses ? 
  universal healthcare only covers the stuff necessary to live , not any elective stuff . 
  just like people get the right to a form of housing , just not very nice . 
  and why would you give anyone a car ? 
  social democracies are for ensuring nobody that no-one lives in poverty . 
  but it 's not going to give everyone nice houses either , that 's not the point . 
   should everyone not be given housing and transportation ? 
  why is it that healthcare is to be universal but housing and transportation of subsidized at a lesser amount ? 
  well , social housing is a thing you know . 
  as for transportation , that 's what public transport is for . 
  and bikes . 
   you do realize most of the refugees are ferried 2-3km from north african coast to europe , that 's over hundred kilometer away . 
  umm , at least 24km , because that 's the naval border , and even that is rare . 
  i think you need to check your facts . 
  libya : no aid anymore ? 
  how strange , all our camps are suddenly empty and several hundred boats are heading your way . 
  how did that happen ? 
  we have to keep libya on side if we want any hope of stopping people from coming from there . 
   i do find it interesting how it is framed as solely their problem . 
  i assume `` their '' in this sentence means uk/us ? 
  the point is , i think , that if someone turns their back on you then you lose nothing by `` bashing them in public '' ( though said very diplomatically ) . 
  the only difference would be if you expect them to come back soon . 
  but that 's hardly the case here ... trump is minimally 4 years and the brexit is ( effectively ) forever . 
   it 's kind of like how an institution can be european even when not every european country is involved . 
  the benelux is older than the eu ( though not by much ) but it is an example of `` multispeed europe '' in action : enhanced cooperation in areas the eu wo n't / ca n't touch ( yet ) . 
   european union is on multiple continents , mostly due to french oversea departments ( the people living there are fully eu citizens ) . 
  this means a quite large navy is required to secure the connexion of european union territories eu army or no , i think think france will have to take it 's own responsibility for defending such remote outposts . 
  they ca n't exactly expect others to help them there . 
   protecting it from illegal fishing , trafficking or theft of resources takes quite a toll on navies . 
  this is what a coast guard is for no ? 
  they 're not military . 
   this raise even more question on how many of them actually qualify for asylum , truly ? 
  hardly any . 
  if they qualified for asylum they would n't need to throw away their papers . 
  mind you , this is assuming they had papers in the first place , there are plenty of people in the world that are not recorded * anywhere * official . 
  of course , since no-one can prove who they are , how the hell do you know where to deport them to ... 
  it 's been shown that cars keep less distance when the cyclist is wearing a helmet . 
  and they only help in a small percentage of accidents anyway . 
  and they 're massively inconvenient . 
  classic `` false sense of security '' . 
  you see them occasionally for very small children ( since they 're more likely to have the ` simply fall over ' kind of accidents ) , but that 's it really . 
   if the eu had gotten out in front and led with a workable solution but that would imply that the eu had powers in this area when the treaties clearly say it 's the member states ' responsibility . 
  and the eu is doing what it can with respect to foreign policy and helping the libyan coast guard . 
  it 's clearly a flaw in schengen where it says that immigration is harmonised while border control is left to the states . 
  but it 's also telling that despite all the stuff going on in italy , there still is n't a push for a strong communal border patrol . 
   the eu does n't want a half-in half-out scotland , because that just promotes a lack of eu integration contrary to the ` ever closer union ' . 
  if the eu had a vote on brexit , i 'm certain they would have voted for us to leave . 
  i do n't think the eu wants a member of the eurozone whose economy is n't up to it . 
  we do n't want a repeat of greece , that 's for sure . 
  a single currency is a big deal , it should not be done lightly . 
  besides , the eu went 40 years without a single currency , still has n't got it everywhere , the eu is in it for the long haul . 
  if it takes 100 years , it takes 100 years ... 
   the eu is n't going to give scotland an opt-out on this core issue and risk the entire eu integration project . 
  in the scheme of things schengen is n't really that important . 
  i think it could be negotiated out . 
  schengen is also open to non-eu members after all . 
   new members ca n't opt out of the euro , as far as i know . 
  officially , but if they somehow never actually meet the requirements , it does n't happen . 
  some countries do this . 
  put another way , it 's a requirement without a sanction . 
   hardly . 
  it 's one for the better ones since pretty much all of it goes back into circulation . 
  infrastructure and industry support both have a lower roi as long as the social spending is within reasonable limits . 
  really ? 
  do you have some kind of reference for that ? 
  because i do n't see how social spending could even recover it 's own cost , unless it 's at really low levels ( social spending does a lot for a countries stability and crime rates ) . 
  i 'm a firm believer that borrowed money should only ever be spent on infrastructure , education and r&d . that said , i feel a basic income/negative income tax would have a great roi , but i still do n't think it should be done with borrowed money . 
   or just cut their funding and refuse cooperation with national agencies . 
  these ngos receive blunt of their funding from eu member states directly . 
  some of the more aggressive ones like sea watch do n't . 
  they rely on donations from other organisations to survive . 
  the ngos are definitely undermining the actions of the eu itself . 
  the only thing that is actually helping is making the libyan navy/coast guard more effective , because even sea watch knows they ca n't enter the first 24 nm , but you get shit like [ this ] ( https://africatimes.com/2017/05/11/libyan-navy-seawatch-rescue-boat-clash-at-sea-over-migrants/ ) . 
  i wonder if there 's a correlation between this map and the availability of cheap birth control . 
   it is scientifically proven that life starts at conception . 
  abortion ends that life . 
  legally however , they are not alive . 
  otherwise every miscarriage would have to be investigated as manslaughter . 
  good thing !, 
   hundred of thousands of good french people have lost their jobs because of this . 
  the thing that comes to my mind is that in a few years there will be self driving trucks and then all the polish workers will be out of the job too ... 
  i feel focussing in this issue is missing the forest for the trees ... 
   it 's fair tbh , if we are n't allowed to negotiate free trade deals with other countries for after we leave , i do n't see why we should n't be able to do this . 
  what do you call `` negotiation '' ? 
  may can people people around to various countries to feel them out and see what could be arranged . 
  you ca n't sign anything until you actually leave . 
  the actual problem the uk has now is that no country will consider even discussing the issue until the uk-eu relationship is somewhat clear . 
  and any agreement you make before it is done will only make the uk-eu more difficult ... 
  this plan involves a huge amount of investment by china in greek infrastructure , which is a good thing . 
   the netherlands is populationwise bigger than like half of the eu-countries . 
  you 're right though , you made me look it up and nl is number 8 in the list of eu countries by population . 
  i did n't realise a lot of the newcomers had such small populations . 
  nl is stuck between uk , de and fr and that has always meant we have to get along with everyone . 
  it also means that several international institutions like the icj and icc are here because none of the larger powers trusted the others to host it . 
  we all know that if push came to shove nl would lose every time . 
  ( the eu centre is in brussels for similar reasons ) . 
  it also means that we are perfectly situated for trade between aforementioned countries .
