  perhaps . 
  better not sign any treaties then , every treaty gives up a bit of sovereignty . 
  should probably leave the un and the wto while you 're at it . 
   there were numerous suggestions since the day # 0 of the crisis , ranging from supporting those in need remotely ( neutral zones under the protection of allied forces ) , through bringing order to this mess ( embassy-like asylum `` posts '' organized on the spot , with qualified personnel making sure only those who are really in need are gon na get `` migrant '' status ) , to migrants being asked to sign treaties along the lines of `` i leave all my primitive and barbaric customs behind just like i leave the war and poverty and i swear to try and fit as best as i can , or be forced to leave immediately alongside my whole family '' . 
  as far as i know , all of these have been implemented to some degree ( the turkey deal , the unhcr was there already , the [ this ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/622929/migrants-contract-uphold-country-s-values-leave-country-britain-eu ) ) . 
   unfortunately , no one pro-migrant felt like listening to a thing . 
  i feel people heard what they wanted to hear . 
  do you have an example of the accusations you suggest in some reputable newspaper or organisation . 
  because i can believe it if you include random people on reddit , but not from anywhere serious . 
   this is the single event that marks the beginning of power struggle and eu 's falling apart ; it allowed for right wing extremists to gain influence and for moderates to resemble right wingers . 
  that may be so . 
  perhaps hungary should leave the eu if that 's what they think is best for them . 
  the eu was 12 countries once and it can be 12 countries again . 
  this too , shall pass . 
  the bit that annoys me is that people love complaining about migrants but no-one proposes an actual solution . 
  pretending they 're not there is n't a solution . 
  they 're already here . 
  complaining about the eu is not actually solving the problem . 
   no , the primary reasons for brexit were as follows ( using the 5 reasons i voted for leave ) : and you may even get all of that who knows . 
  but at what price ? 
   going out on a limb , i 'd say it 's the fact that he 's not a muslim so he effectively just lost part of his country . 
  why ? 
  are they not nice to him ? 
  do they not allow him to enter ? 
  in what way is the country `` lost '' ? 
  this sounds a bit like what we had with catholics and protestants . 
  we got over it . 
   my guess is yes . 
  because when you bring a closed culture into your land , your culture on that land literally loses ground . 
  `` your culture '' ? 
  i feel you 're assuming some kind of homogeneity that is n't there . 
  even within a small country like nl there is no single thing you can point to that everybody considers part of their culture . 
  people have the tendency to assume that the way they are is how everybody is . 
  i would argue the problem is not that they are muslim but that they are poor . 
  there are regions here without a single muslim but have just as bad a culture . 
  by talking about muslims being a problem i feel you 're missing the forest for the trees . 
   by comparing unwillingness to accept sudden and uncontrolled flood of people following values highly incompatible with western tradition , what translates to `` we 're concerned about our safety '' to tortures you 're pushing the meaning far behind the lines of reason , bro . 
  wait what ? 
  this does n't have anything to do with migrants , i 'm not sure where you got that from . 
  this is about the [ new rules for universities ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/26/eu-launches-legal-action-against-hungary-higher-education-law-university ) . 
  the problem is [ much much older ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/hungary-and-the-eu-a-troubled-relationship/ ) , way before migrants became a problem . 
  orban would like people to think it has something to with migrants , but it really does n't . 
   i understand why you said this . 
  but i do n't see any tangible outcome . 
    have they conducted business deals that profit the country ? 
  well yes , but indirectly . 
  look at it this way , he opens doors . 
  when the minister of foreign affairs rings up some middle east country and asks for a meeting , it becomes all political . 
  when the king rings up and asks for a meeting , they see it as a chance to have a big dinner and invite lots of business people to meet and talk business . 
  there is a huge value in having a non-political leaders to handle these kinds of trade delegations . 
  besides , it 's his job . 
  a minister ca n't go on every trade delegation because there is other work to do . 
  work especially well for countries where the political relations are more difficult . 
  for example , this [ trade visit to china last year ] ( http://www.nu.nl/ondernemen/4154572/staatsbezoek-china-levert-bedrijfsleven-half-miljard-euro.html ) produced deals over half a billion euros . 
  a [ study shows that monarchies grow on average 1 % faster than republics ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/binnenland/-koninklijk-huis-levert-jaarlijks-tussen-de-4-en-5-miljard-op~a987219/ ) ( like in civilisation ), 
   give me his title and wealth and i 'll become the most caring , relatable , nicest person you 've ever met . 
  i have 7 sons too so the line would be secure . 
  if you take the responsibilities too . 
  i would n't was his job even if i was paid for it . 
  misleading headline : some random official sprouts an idea and it 's treated as if it 's official eu policy . 
  a few paragraphs in it even says that the states want this handled at a national level . 
   i 'm a socialist who legit is n't so sure these latest years about the immigration stuff . 
  i know we should help the refugees , that 's why blocking immigration is just hypocritical from my point of view , but still we 're mixing our culture with theirs , our ethnicity with theirs . 
  i am a convinced pacifist , i love all cultures and all ethnicities ( yes , even the islamic , northern african and middle eastern , even though i disagree with them on many things ) but kind of ... separated , at least on a territorial point of view ? 
  wait , so you love all cultures , except when they come nearby ? 
  something is n't right here . 
  it seems like you love them in an abstract sense , but not in practice . 
  cultures are not static , they evolve and not not even constant over a geographical area . 
  religions are a form of culture and also evolve and vary over geographical areas . 
  everyone is born into a culture and then change as they move through the world . 
  so italians eat hamburgers , pizza 's are eating worldwide , there are american films all over tv . 
  what was it about the muslim districts that bugs you ? 
  the goal of society is to ensure everyone gets along with a minimum of issues . 
  governments can not determine culture ( directly anyway ) , in the end it will take time . 
  if you want to preserve culture you have to `` do '' it , if you know what i mean . 
   european union is n't there to form a hivemind where everyone iagrees to follow one ideology , no matter how idiotic or hurtful it might be . 
  it 's supposed to be an union based on partnership , cooperation , mutual respect and understanding , figurative `` bridge over differences '' . 
  it is n't a hive-mind , but there is a line . 
  we have the european convention of human rights and it is expected that all countries abide by them . 
  you have to draw a line somewhere . 
  you make it sound like that if one country decides it 's a good idea to torture prisoners , there rest should say `` well , that just what they want , we do n't mind if our money goes to supporting that '' . 
  mutual understanding only goes so far . 
   here is hoping that these sorts of things will increase the unity within the eu to a point where that becomes possible . 
  i do think that an invasion by russia / turkey would bring together the eu faster than anything else , i still would n't be for it . 
  it would be a forced merger , and the eu is something that needs to take time to get right it . 
  it 's not a race ... 
   do we have eu aircrafts ? 
  of course not . 
  another example of people assuming the eu is something it is n't . 
   czechia did n't , they even sue the eu now over it it says `` the council '' which includes the prime minister of czechia . 
  the parliament voted on it as well ... 
   czech republic has already prepared law suit and will sue eu the moment the directive is officially declared . 
  our minister of interior predicts high chance od success ( 70 % ) , so we will see . 
  why did the czech government vote for it in the council ? 
   yeah , but it seems like the swiss , the norwegians and the czechs stand alone here . 
    i would have hoped on more support from finland , austria and hungary . 
  the heads of all these governments supported this in the council , so presumably they agree with it . 
  or is this a typical case of voting for in it in the council and then complaining about it later . 
  edit : the swiss and norwegians did n't get to vote obviously . 
  the rest did .
