  and then while engaging in talks about how to arrange it you start threatening with sanctions . 
  you do not negotiate about how to allow a foreign politician speak to a demonstration while that same country is threatening you with sanctions . 
  turkey wanted it to blow up and did everything in their power to make it happen . 
   safety is bullshit excuse and ca n't be an actually argument . 
  umm , have you seen the crowds that are gathering there ? 
  the mayor said that he could n't even get the two parties ( for and against the meeting ) to even sit at the same table together , so what do you think happens when you have two such demonstrations without precautions . 
  sure , it 's not the safety of the minister they 're worried about , it 's the safety of the public . 
  there are places appointed where you 're allowed to demonstrate , as long as everyone stick to their appointed areas it should be ok ... http://www.nu.nl/binnenland/4532571/rotterdam-biedt-turkije-demonstranten-drie-locaties.html, 
   in the uk i believe it is expected that whoever has the most seats gives the pm . 
  well , it 's true that the largest party gets the first opportunity to form a coalition . 
  if as in the uk you already have half the seats you 're done . 
  that never happens in nl . 
  so if wilders was the biggest the morning after there 'd be a quick head count to see if he can get 76 seats . 
  no ( no-one wants to be in a coalition with him , vvd did that in 2010 , only to have wilders jump ship when the economy turned down ) ? 
  off to the next biggest ... 
  it 's a form of emergency measure that you 're only allowed to enter the area if you live there . 
  she does n't live there , so ... 
  there 's plenty of live streams if you really want to know ... 
  why would anyone care wilders did n't become pm . 
  being the biggest party does n't mean shit if you ca n't convince a majority of the parliament to support you . 
  vvd was in a minority government with pvda for the last few years , so that 's possible but i do n't think they want to do it again . 
  vvd + cda + d66 + pvda is currently possible and expected to be stable . 
  normally it 's members of parliament that come to rallies not ministers . 
  but basically , there are safety issues here ( can you imagine the shitstorm if anything actually happened to the minister while there ) . 
  if you want to be nice you negotiate with the host country to sort it all out and make sure everything is ok . 
  when the visiting minister starts calling your country a bunch of nazi 's , then that 's the moment to tell them to bugger off . 
   just to prevent those single person splinter parties . 
  small parties have their uses . 
  the party for the animals is not likely to get more than a few seats and they are never going to be in power , but they provide a valuable contribution to the parliamentary process anyway . 
  it 's all about making your government representative . 
   just to prevent those single person splinter parties . 
  small parties have their uses . 
  the party for the animals is not likely to get more than a few seats and they are never going to be in power , but they provide a valuable contribution to the parliamentary process anyway . 
  it 's all about making your government representative . 
  in theory : vvd + cda + d66 + pvda is likely to be fairly stable . 
  all are parties who have been in government before and used to making compromises . 
  they 've been known to work together before . 
   it was actually 15,8 % . 
  fdp , afd and pirates alone had 12 % . 
  more then 6,8 million votes basically ignored . 
  hmm , in nl there is a system `` lijstverbindingen '' where a party can shift its unused votes to another party if it does n't make the threshold . 
  maybe you should introduce that , since it allows smaller parties to band together more naturally . 
   in the netherlands is the winner of the election given prority in forming a coalition ? 
  either by law or just by common practise ? 
  there are all sorts of traditions with respect to forming a coalition . 
  it involves lots of talking and debate . 
  traditionally the largest party of the coalition supplies the prime minister , the second largest the vice-prime minister . 
  in theory the parliament should guide the process , but in this case it might actually end up being the king doing it , because he 's the only one impartial enough . 
  we shall see . 
  in nl things that are vanilla flavour were coloured yellow , for no reason anyone can remember . 
  other countries find this weird . 
  at one point they started selling vanilla yoghurt with actual vanilla ( so white with brown flecks ) and people in nursing homes rejected it with `` what is this shit , it 's not vanilla '' . 
  that 's just crappy consumer education . 
  that 's actually an interesting question . 
  someone must be tracking it but i ca n't find any graphs . 
  but it 's thousands per year even in just holland . 
  there is even a story about a kids finding a live grenade in the park behind a school . 
  a teacher at school noticed it was a live grenade and called the police . 
   yet the commonalities are still predominant , they are predominant now , but i think you 're putting the cart before the horse . 
  modern nation states in europe have a lot of internal commonality * because * of the state , the commonality was n't there when the state was created . 
  religion has become less important , internal mobility increased , there 's a common language , etc. 
  none of these were true a hundred years ago . 
   it isnt . 
  its not a member . 
  i did n't say it was a member , i said it was recognised . 
  not the same thing . 
  in nl the discussion also continues about this . 
  a few years back we got returners who were simply naive and when they got there could n't figure out how to get out fast enough . 
  but anyone who went later and or stayed longer can no longer be classified as naive , they need to be evaluated . 
  they are arrested as soon as possible . 
  there are some people in contact with families that want the dutch government to help them escape . 
  the dutch government is n't really proactive here . 
  however , judges are staying trials ( in absentia ) if the family demonstrates that the person in question would actually like to be at their own trial but ca n't make it . 
  in delft they 're only building 7,700 . 
  it 's just not fair . 
   true , and this development was possible thanks to national states , cohesive societies of people sharing the same history , culture and beliefs do we live in the same europe ? 
  one of the things i love about europe is that i can go 200km , be supposedly in the same country yet have difficulty understanding people on the street , the culture and buildings are quite different and the history and even the religion is different . 
  the modern nation state built a paper thin layer on top so everyone can get along , but do n't go assuming the countries are homogeneous . 
  as our queen famously stated : the typical dutchperson does n't exist . 
  it 's a figment of our collective imaginations , though a very useful one . 
     should the eu make a fair deal , or if it has leverage should it use that to make an unfair deal ? 
  international politics is not about fair or unfair , it 's about power . 
  the eu is not a charity . 
  the eu should attempt to achieve the best deal for the eu , the uk should do the same for itself . 
  the result will be somewhere in the middle . 
  the uk is now seeing the eu from the other side of the negotiating table , and seeing that 's it not fun . 
  it never was , but it was harder to see from inside . 
  the eu is still offering the `` do n't leave '' deal , but the uk does n't want it . 
   eu politicians are much more prone to accept ( or , at least , have a welcoming attitude towards ) scotland than catalonia . 
  sure , for scotland the uk government gave the thumbs up , the spanish government has not . 
  world of difference . 
   it would be the same if england , wales and northern ireland got to vote on scotlands referendum . 
  indirectly they did , via the parliament . 
  that 's why internationally there would have been no problems recognising the scots had actually gone through with it . 
  neither of the suggested referendums have the support of the host countries . 
  well , taiwan is the complicated case . 
  as wikipedia states : internationally , there is controversy on whether the roc still exists as a state or a defunct state per international law due to the lack of wide diplomatic recognition . 
  and indeed , they are not a member of many international organisations , though apparently they are a member of the wto , well done . 
  and they have a recognised currency and passport . 
  so they are definite grey area .
