  the us is just a bit extreme at the moment . 
  this whole process is essentially a huge amount of work for very little gain . 
  if given the option of forcing a brexit or being able to do other useful things in the next two years , i think everyone would be happy if we could just forget the whole thing . 
   and mainly because a strongly-guarded border was much cheaper than defence in depth the uk/ireland being islands makes the trades off 's very different compared to the mainland . 
  besides , freedom of movement has less to do with border control and more to do with work permits and residency . 
   up to now i had assumed most modern democracies where sort of similar : elections happen periodically and modifying the election process is highly unconstitutional and can only be done in extreme situations . 
  in parliamentary system elections happen fairly irregularly , since they can happen whenever the parliament loses confidence in the government . 
  from the other side , it looks really weird how in the us you can go four years with the executive and parliament at loggerheads , leading to gridlock . 
  such a thing can never happen in a parliamentary system . 
  an election would be held if the executive ever got into a situation where it could n't govern . 
  presidential systems tend to have more fixed terms . 
   the german chancellor and ministers do n't need to be members of parliament either . 
  the nl system is similar . 
  * traditionally * the executive consists of members of parliament that were elected , however it 's not necessarily so . 
  when a cabinet consists of people outside politics it 's called a [ zakencabinet ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/nederlands_kabinet#zakenkabinet ) . 
  has n't happened for a long time , but it is possible . 
  once someone enter the cabinet they lose their seat in the parliament . 
  you ca n't be a minister and an mp at the same time . 
  at least the netherlands at least one issue would be not having an active government right now ( we had elections ) . 
  the parliament could in principle approve it but it does n't appear to be a any rush . 
  i do n't know that one specifically , but this is [ a wiki that lists ones in holland ] ( https://www.wegenwiki.nl/ecoduct ) . 
  if you click through there is a link to a map , under `` kaart '' . 
   wtf , i always thought it was just a stereotype with the netherlands and bikes . 
  seriously though , encouraging cycling as official policy started like 50 years ago and since then every single infrastructure project includes them . 
  the latest trend is to make sure that cars and bikes are as separated as possible . 
   moreover , the word `` defend '' is interesting because it was the political left which has thrown full support behind mass lmmigration and multiculturalism . 
  which makes them the aggressor and the political right which ` defends ' against this . 
  while i hate the use of `` left '' and `` right '' , `` attacking '' and `` defending '' , to suggest that the extreme on the `` right '' is merely `` defending '' is bizarre . 
  besides no-one actually proposing mass-immigration , the other ( suggested ) extreme is actually deporting millions of people who have lived here all their lives . 
  both extremes are crazy . 
  the correct approach is to actually deal with problems as they arise using practical solutions , without getting carried away by emotions . 
  and if you cut away all the rhetoric in the media , that is what is actually happening . 
   it 's sad that a law that was supposed to streamline tax take over europe is abused by some corporations !, 
  no , the status quo is because the countries could n't get their acts together to work out how to charge vat across borders . 
   problem for whom ? 
  ha , nice . 
  well , i 'd say it a problem for people that would like a country run based on rational arguments without getting side-tracked by people 's false beliefs on how the country is . 
  similar to how people feel less safe despite the crime rate dropping constantly . 
  for some people it 's like the safer you are , the less safe you feel . 
   is n't the whole point of the free european market that the invisible hand will even this out , by production moving where labour is cheaper ? 
  the point is that the invisible hand is very slow . 
  in the long run it all works out , but in the long run we 're all dead ( keynes i think ) . 
  by the eu investing in infrastructure you can speed the process along . 
   ok when i see this i do get why some ppl do n't like it in the eu from a dutch point of view . 
  do n't agree with them but the difference is big between countries . 
  nl is one of the richest countries in the world , it 's not at all strange to see it high on the list . 
  for that money you could n't even buy cups of coffee for a year . 
  and we 're getting unrestricted travel and no paperwork trading wherever we like . 
  the main problem is that many dutch people do n't realise they live in one of the richest countries in the world . 
  they just do n't realise how good they have it . 
   so , what solution , or class of solutions , or at least direction would you propose ? 
  provide the law enforcement and intelligence services enough manpower to actually do the job . 
  if you have to watch tens of thousands of people then you need hundreds of thousands of people to do that . 
  the more people you have , the more chance you 'll actually catch them . 
  but most importantly , ensure they have the feeling they actually have a chance in society . 
  people with jobs and a future do not commit terrorist attacks . 
  you have to get rid of the illusion you can actually stop 100 % . 
  the only 100 % safe society is one where everyone is locked up in their house and never allowed to go anywhere . 
   however , focusing efforts on a sub-population ( muslims ) that has a higher chance of carrying out an attack in general will produce better results the people on the watchlist are predominately the interesting people . 
  within that watchlist filtering on muslims achieves nothing . 
  it 's just impossible to watch tens of thousands of people . 
   in fairness , french labor law needs reform and some amount of ` deregulation ' ; the example i got from a friend working in france . 
  apparently if a person calls in sick you ca n't hire a temp to cover their position . 
  i 'm not sure exactly whose job this rule protects , but it 's killing for small business . 
  you 're running a small hotel and the chef/cleaner/whatever is sick for a week and you ca n't hire anyone temporarily to cover for them . 
  does n't help . 
  this is bayesian statistics at work . 
  p ( person was on watchlist given they performed a terrorist attack )  99 % p ( person performs a terrorist attack given they are on a watchlist ) < 0.01 % you need to watch like 10,000 people to stop one attack and it take 24 people to watch one person round the clock . 
  nothing worthwhile is easy . 
  for a currency that is apparently in perpetual state of almost collapsing , it 's pretty popular ... 
   no i was there 1st thing in the morning @ 7:30 some of the polling booths in the central stations opened much earlier . 
  [ nijmegen at 5:15 am ] ( http://www.n1.nl/vanaf-5-15-uur-al-stemmen-op-centraal-station-nijmegen/nieuws/item?951887 ) ( so the people heading west could vote before going to work ) . 
   personally i believe that the leader of china , germany , france and canada are the worlds strongest leaders right now . 
  macron was a good vote . 
  it 's always good to combine actual power with a charismatic leader who can speak to the people . 
  one charismatic leader can pull the world , even if they only have specific power in one country . 
  others will follow . 
   climate change is not particularly important as a factor producing pressures to migrate out of africa . 
  people generally prefer to stay where they are . 
  if all those 3 billion people can simply build houses where they are and live happy lives then there will not be a problem . 
  the issue is if previously viable farmland becomes a desert so people * have * to be move , the issue becomes * where to * . 
  we need to help africa develop so they do n't feel the need to migrate . 
  mass migration only happens when there is no other choice . 
   ( i 'd also add that paris does n't appear to set any binding targets for carbon dioxide reduction . ), 
  clearly it does something or there would n't be the need to back out . 
  china is at least putting the effort in , settings target for themselves and then meeting them ahead of schedule ( [ their co2 emissions have peaked now ] ( http://climateactiontracker.org/countries/china.html ) ) . 
  the us is n't even making an effort ( some states apparently are going their own way ) . 
   there is literally nothing in the article body that has anything to do with europe 's security . 
  it 's entirely about the paris climate agreement . 
  they are related . 
  [ if/when climate change really gets going there will be hundreds of millions of climate refugees ] ( http://theconversation.com/factcheck-qanda-as-the-climate-changes-are-750-million-refugees-predicted-to-move-away-from-flooding-63400 ) . 
  and are they going to move to countries like libya or egypt . 
  no , they 're going to try to get to europe . 
  * we need those people to stay where they are * . 
  for america it is easy because it is not land-linked to countries at risk and has simple borders . 
  europe is basically screwed if 100 million people decide they want to walk there . 
  they could literally pile the dead up against any walls to get over them . 
   `` we ca n't find people to fill all these job positions for what we 're willing to pay ! '', 
  i 'm not going to pay someone who ca n't do the job any amount of money . 
  the problem is we have lot of people trained to be lawyers and librarians and what we need are people who know it , can work in aged care or can work in construction .
