  a small book that was . 
  the second time round it was much easier though , they evidently remembered from the last time . 
  mainly , i had to promise that if the person overstayed their visa i had to guarantee all medical and housing costs for that person for two years . 
   technically , you 're asking the lawmakers to come up with a solution that does n't break any laws . 
  they could literally make anything `` legal '' , if they wanted . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  there 's this pesky little thing called `` sovereignty '' and just because a boat is coming from libya does not mean that you 're allowed to tow it back . 
  because the libyan government says no ( or more specifically , not yes ) . 
  same for the other countries . 
  there are ( very ) long running discussions trying figure out what we could possibly offer to get them to say yes . 
  stopping aid is n't working ( affect the wrong people ) . 
  you ca n't just legislate away another countries sovereignty , no matter how much you want to . 
   but we are going to move in their direction . 
  because in this day and age , if we do not liberalize and become competitve , we disappear . 
  which means that instead of looking optimistically to the future we know that we will have to live progressively worse in order to generate more profits for our employers , each year with less rights , less wages and less hope . 
  we lost . 
  seriously ? 
  worker protections in for example nl or de are far closer to that of fr than the us yet we seem to do pretty well . 
  at the end of the day the government can not create ( many ) jobs , only businesses can . 
  if you want wages to rise and increase employment , then businesses have to make more profit * first * . 
    is n't this just a small exaggeration ? 
   not in the slightest . 
  the fact you 'd say that proves you do n't understand the situation . 
  maybe i 'm getting old , but you can only hear `` the world will end '' so many times before you think , meh . 
   as we 've seen in recent months , the eu is totally fine with member states who want to leave . 
  the eu has no ( relevant ) opinion on the matter , the member states do obviously . 
  as expected , different member states have differing opinions . 
  none of them are particularly happy about it , but they did n't get a vote . 
  some people appear to have the impression however that the eu should treat ex-members nicely . 
  i expect the eu to do its utmost to get the best deal * for the remaining members * . 
  it 's not a drinking club , it 's a trade organisation representing the 23 % of the world 's gdp and i expect it to use that power to the best of its ability . 
  `` harmonisation '' generally refers that you agrees on the * definitions * of things . 
  most of the tax loopholes are due to ( for example ) a contract in one country being defined as an asset , and in another country as a liability , meaning that it might be able to be deducted in both countries . 
  so what this means is that each country gets to decide their own rate , but at least companies do n't get to cheat so easily . 
   a worldwide economic crisis that will bring down the euro . 
  is n't this just a small exaggeration ? 
   and why is airbnb any different from hotels on that matter ? 
  have you seen how many buildings in the centre have been converted to hotels/hostels/bnbs and taken out of the housing market ? 
  at least airbnb allows small scale property owners to actually profit from them instead of selling them and moving out . 
  with hotels there 's some kind of control and limits on them . 
  if the whole inner circle turns into just hotels you destroy all the local business that rely on people who live there ( barbers , greengrocers , ... ) in favour of places that tourists want ( tourist shops mostly ) . 
  since the centre of the city is primarily for living in , it makes sense to control the number of tourists . 
  the limit of 60 days per year per household is not unreasonable . 
   laws like this made sense and worked when people got their news from the local papers , national papers and radio and even the early days of television , when it was a lot harder to get outside news and that could be controlled . 
  tbh , most people still get their news this way . 
  people on reddit are the outliers here ... 
  nobody is stopping them leaving . 
  in any case , the treaty only allows for countries to leave , there 's no way to kick a member out . 
   slightly devaluating the euro to make the problems less for southern europe sure , there are lots of things you could do , but this one is silly . 
  the whole point of the floating currency is * that you do n't control the exchange rate * . 
  you ca n't just publish a notice saying `` please make the euro more expensive , kthnxbye '' . 
  it just does n't work that way . 
  i 'd be happy with subsidising other countries more , but i 'd need some assurance they would actually follow through with improvements , but i see a lot of resistance . 
  to put it simply , i 'm less enthusiastic helping another country that refuses to raise it 's retirement age when i probably have to work till 72 . 
   why has it been decided to put those things on unanimous agreements and not 2/3 majority ? 
  because we 're dealing with 28 sovereign states . 
  you ca n't tell a sovereign state what to do . 
  the means that there are some areas where unanimity is not required because of prior treaties , but anything not explicitly listed require unanimity . 
  all things not explicitly assigned to the eu are reserved for the states . 
  every federation is like this . 
   what matters is finding a solution to make taxation take place where the actual processes are taking place . 
  this is a huge questions which is incredibly hard to solve . 
  the oecd is working on this and it is also being implemented . 
  it 's base base erosion and since the panama papers it 's finally getting something done about it . 
  tl ; dr bond price up means interest rate down for those who do n't understand what a ( government ) bond is , it 's generally a piece of paper saying the government will pay x euro on y date . 
  if that piece of paper is worth more , then the effective interest rate is less . 
  a while back we had people buying 10 year bonds for x at x +1 i.e. 
  effective negative interest rate . 
   that angers me , with all of the detail and transparency their pr department seems empty . 
  the member states refuse to spend money on such useless things as a pr department for the eu . 
  they need a scapegoat to blame all their internal problems on !, 
  if anything i hope the brexit wakes people up to realising that a bit of pr might not be a bad thing , and that scapegoating might end up backfiring . 
   but how many of them would have to grow to the size of google before the economy as a whole comes out ahead ? 
  who cares . 
  70 % of the workforce works in companies less than 250 people . 
  google is lots of eggs in one basket . 
  better gets lots of baskets . 
  i would be helpful if someone produced some reference for their statements . 
  either side , i do n't care . 
   ask a french or polish person if there is a french and polish culture and you get a pretty straight forward answer . 
  really ? 
  i know in nl they tried to make a test about nl culture that immigrants had to pass before they could be accepted . 
  turns out most people born in nl could n't pass the test either . 
  culture seems really obvious until you try to describe it , then it becomes really slippery . 
   if anything can be abstracted from 2000 years of european history , it 's that even the most tolerant states have only accepted immigrants who know their place and who try to fit in with the dominant culture . 
  uhh , citation ? 
  until wwi there was no border control in europe , people could live and work wherever they liked . 
  there was no question of `` accepting immigrants '' because the concept was n't even properly defined . 
   a 2 way beneficial deal will be struck , its clearly in both sides interests . 
  as tusk correctly stated , this process has only losers , no winners . 
  i mean , the the uk wanted to stay within the customs union we could have at least avoided all the paperwork at the border . 
  but without that all it will do is drive up the cost of doing business . 
  for the uk more than the eu obviously . 
  my prediction is `` no deal '' in 2 years . 
  50 % chance for 5 years . 
   so yeah , german programmer who has n't done any programming in roughly 5 years without money and no place to stay . 
  not necessarily a problem . 
  find some project on github that interests you . 
  docker & containers are hot now , learn python , go , rust , something new . 
  you can get back .
