   yeah , but orban is normally on bord when it comes to opposing pointless eu regulations . 
  well , orban was in the room when it was voted on , perhaps you can ask him how he voted ? 
   i can only fucking hope they do . 
  the council already voted on it , including bohuslav sobotka . 
  ask him what he voted . 
   i can see what angle you 're coming from but being pissed off at the system is not a reason to start shooting shit up . 
  we live in a meritocracy and the opportunities is there for everybody . 
  that reasoning only works if you * believe * we live in a meritocracy . 
  and there are plenty of people who do n't . 
  they feel discriminated against , not accepted . 
  if you feel there is no legal way to improve your situation , you look for illegal ways . 
   also what is frustrating to me is that ngos are bringing people to europe from libya ( migrants boats only make few kilometers from libyan coast before they usually sink ) and nobody stops them . 
  so we should just let them drown ? 
   well sometimes it does seem like we are a german bundesland in all but name . 
  you know , even the most euro-cynical of the people i know admit that nl will do whatever whatever de does . 
  we 've been in a fiscal union with de for 40 years ( the gilder was linked to the d-mark since the 70s ) and it 's worked out pretty well so far . 
  it 's pretty comforting really . 
  also , the eu will never die , because it 's is the only thing that will stop us being nailed by the chinese . 
  it would rise like a phoenix if necessary . 
  maybe a different name , different structure , but the idea will be the same . 
   still enough to win the election . 
  not really . 
  what counts is the absolute numbers , not districts . 
  there 's no electoral college to get in the way . 
  one major city can change the results completely . 
  it actually does n't matter what the reason is . 
  probably you could ask ten different people and get ten different answers . 
  it 's a democratic country and this rule was created via a democratic process . 
  you seem to be arguing something else . 
  that even in a democracy the government should n't be allowed to regulate opening times , even if the population demands it . 
  that seems like a strange ( and stupid ) restriction . 
   the eu just nixed our net neutrality too reference ? 
  all i can find is [ this case ] ( https://www.acm.nl/en/download/attachment/?id=12794 ) which states that the court rejected the appeal , so the acm 's ruling stands . 
   for example i have lost all my confidence in eu that it can secure it 's outer borders and control who are coming to eu . 
  the eu does n't control the borders , the member states do . 
  and land borders have always been hard to control , that 's why we built schengen . 
  we realised that patrolling internal borders was a complete waste of time and we should be putting our effort into better policing , intelligence , cooperation , etc. 
  and that has been quite successful really . 
  pretending we can stop people entering is a complete illusion . 
  we need to work on stopping them wanting to come here in the first place ( mostly by ending wars ) ... 
   i lived in holland for a few years and it was kind of hit and miss . 
  it used to be regulated so tourist areas could have shops open , but nowhere else . 
  in the last few years it 's been devolved : each local council can decide what they want . 
  the bible belt is closed on sunday , the tourist areas mostly open . 
   there it is , a confession that you simply want to restrict peoples lives for no valid reason whatsoever . 
  one man 's restriction is another man 's protection . 
  the people restrict themselves , via a democratic process , in the same way e.g. 
  drugs are restricted . 
  successive governments do n't change the rules because the people do n't ask for it . 
   i 'm not disagreeing , i 'm just saying it 's a whole lot trickier with many more different issues and subtleties in ni . 
  scotland is a relatively straightforward situation and is simply a constitutional and political situation . 
  neither is particularly simple . 
  however , historically speaking , splitting countries without a war before or after is the exception rather than the rule . 
  as long as we can avoid a war we 're out ahead ... 
  the main difference between scotland and ni is that ni does n't require permission from the parliament to leave the uk and join ireland . 
  they can hold a referendum whenever they like . 
  that 's the first article of the good friday agreement . 
   4 ) a deal is struck which does not involve acceptance of eu instruments but which permits visa-free travel . 
  i think you can get the same deal as australians , visa free travel for 90 days for tourists . 
  but visa-free travel for everything ( inc work & study ) is just freedom of movement by another name . 
  and that is explicitly rejected by the uk itself ( since it would by definition have to work both ways ) . 
  the weird thing is that the islam in iran is actually much closer to the west than that of saudi arabia , yet we 're all in bed with the saudi 's , and trying hard to annoy the iranians . 
   make imams and preachers civil servants , who must be educated by the state ( give them some leeway , but forbid any preachers who have not studied in the country with a curriculum approved by the state ) i thought we had separation between church and state ? 
   he implies here that there are only two options : accept eu oversight in justice and home affairs or not have a deal at all that not what it says . 
  it says that the uk is unlikely to accept the conditions of the [ eu justice and home affairs instruments ] ( https://europa.eu/european-union/topics/justice-home-affairs_en ) . 
  things like the eu charter of fundamental rights and cooperation between judicial authorities . 
  since those things require some kind of judicial oversight and the only place that can happen is at the ecj , unless a completely new tribunal is set just to handle cases between the eu and the uk . 
  so by ruling out any acceptance of the ecj you rule out working under a common set of rules . 
  it will always be one set of rules for the eu and another for the uk . 
  that 's fine , but let not pretend it 'll be as good as it is now . 
   if yes : what about people wanted for murder in states that have capital punishment ? 
  this happens all the time with people being deported to the us . 
  the us solemnly swears that they will not apply the death penalty in this case and all is good . 
  works for the us , most other countries are not that trustworthy . 
   ( to this day it is a mystery to me why people decided that having the council of europe and the european council as entirely seperate entities was a good idea ) the council of europe is something totally unrelated to the eu . 
  and much bigger ( includes russia for example ) . 
  built after the second world war and rather toothless . 
  that 's not the one you 're referring to i suppose ? 
  i was referring to the european council which consists of the ministers of the various governments . 
  it is not the executive , acts as a sort of senate . 
  so i do n't really understand your comment . 
   i 'd be interested to see how projecting influence worldwide in europe would work the eu actually wields considerable influence in the world , just not in the way you 'd expect . 
  the rules a regulations made in europe , especially in consumer protection , are exported round the world without people realising it . 
  aka the brussels effect http://scholarlycommons.law.northwestern.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1081&amp;context=nulr, 
   the whole thing about meps not being able to propose laws is still a thing right ? 
  so lets fix that !, 
  but seriously , this does n't require a treaty change per se . 
  the other way to do it is for parliamentarians to simply draft a bill and present it to the executive . 
  there would be immense pressure on the commission to take it over . 
  then the parliament gains the power by convention . 
  i just doubt the eps are up to drafting legislation , it 's very hard work ( and happens pretty rarely , even in national parliaments ) . 
   , especially when it comes to the council , which serves as both the executive , and , to a lesser degree , the legislative . 
  the commission is the executive . 
  the council is just a collection of ministers , they do n't do anything executive-like . 
   the parliament also ca n't propose new laws . 
  true , but not unusual . 
  in general , it is the government ( executive ) that introduces laws , not the parliament . 
  occasionally bills comes from parliaments , when they are drafted by the opposition . 
  they are usually referred to as private members bills . 
  they are rare because drafting laws is bloody hard work and that why we have whole departments working on it .
