  a very well embedded democracy . 
  a christian majority . 
  ( religious ) tolerance . 
  capitalism . 
  well , there you go . 
  our culture . 
  look , i think i see what you 're trying to do , but that does n't work for me . 
  perhaps because i 'm a mathematician . 
  what you 're doing is definition by example : you take the answer you want to achieve and then define the question as being whatever gives you the answer you want . 
  personally , i 'd look towards the echr , but that would exclude the us ( torture , privacy & death penalty being the big ones ) . 
  the universal declaration of human rights on the other hand is too broad . 
  and that 's my point . 
  even within the netherlands there is endless discussion about what is `` being dutch '' anyway , and we ca n't even agree on that . 
  i think the term `` western culture '' is similar , it means what the talker thinks it means , but it does n't define anything . 
   massive amount 16 % is a lot , but not what i would call massive . 
  the 84 % who do n't vote for him , that 's massive . 
   how is the declerations done ? 
  does each counting center announce when it has finished counting and the ballots are added up nationally ? 
  the results are shown per local council , but they sum the individual polling places . 
  in the end they know the results per polling place and send continual updates . 
  so for each place you get the current count + percentage of votes counted . 
  very exciting . 
  usually around 11 or 12 they 've got a pretty good idea of the results , but the fine details usually takes the next day . 
  especially with * lijstverbindingen * the last few seats could switch between minor parties . 
   why we do n't let erdogan supporters speak and then counter it . 
  sure they can , but they have to organise it together with the host country . 
  not say it 's going to be a small meeting then tell people on tv to all go . 
  not halfway through the discussions threaten with sanctions . 
  do n't plan it three days before an election ( principle of non-interference ) . 
  send members of parliament rather than ministers . 
  and finally , do n't sneak another minister in under false pretences , including splitting into multiple groups to avoid detection . 
  and do n't refuse to leave once you 've been declared persona-non-grata . 
  these are all very big diplomatic no-no 's and you ca n't let them get away with it . 
  nl handled this one superbly . 
  sure there was a protest but a multiple of that many people live within a block of that embassy ( 7500/km ^ 2 ) , if you want a big crowd you need to do it in a park somewhere where residents who want to sleep will not be disturbed . 
   it would n't surprise me if rutte 's vvd manages to snag a few seats off of this from the pvv . 
  the results i saw were that vvd +3 , pvv +2 and the other major parties -1 each . 
  not exactly a landslide but not nothing either . 
  but these are polls , everything depends on who can be bothered to vote . 
   i was thinking more about how dutch turks would behave if they got the break from democracy in turkey . 
  might they go back , would they riot more in holland , etc. 
  the sense i get is that most dutch-turks feel they are being played as pawns in a game they do n't want to be part of . 
  a large part would n't have voted anyway because , you know , why vote for a turkish referendum if you do n't live there ? 
  and then there 's always a bunch of hooligans who take any protest and make it into something that reflects badly on the whole community . 
  and it feels really weird to have a guy on tv calling your country a bunch of nazi 's . 
  i mean , wtf ? 
   i believe candidate eu nations must accept and implement certain eu economic principles and meet certain standards as part of the application to join . 
  the process would take time , potentially years . 
  or not . 
  the scottish legislation obviously already meets any requirements . 
  euro and schengen are optional now and there 's plenty of talk of keeping it that way . 
  in principle nothing changes . 
   maybe cancel turkey 's eu application , and even that 's a pretty harsh punishment . 
  no need to cancel . 
  eu membership has a really long list of requirements and they 're making zero progress to meeting them . 
   and why now ? 
  election in three days . 
  perhaps he was hoping it would help wilders and help destabilise the netherlands . 
  wilders has some support , but this is n't going to help him at all . 
  if anything it helps the sitting prime minister , which might make a coalition easier . 
   most dutch hate moroccans . 
  i think the words `` most '' and `` hate '' are both misplaced in that sentence . 
   no clue why people decided ukraine was the deal we just had to have a referendum about . 
  because some anti-eu group figured they could turn it to their cause . 
  the law allowing for referenda basically said that if enough people hold a petition we get a referendum . 
  some group basically went to the effort to do it . 
  the issue was vague enough that people did n't know what to do , but if someone yelled hard enough it was anti-eu , people would sign up . 
   but you must admit being dutch does have some ethnic/racial meaning whereas canadian does not bingo !, 
  there is a dutch ethnicity , just as for many other areas in europe ( i avoid the word `` countries '' because within countries there can be quite a bit of variation ) . 
  this complicates things when talking about who is `` dutch '' . 
   and yet they have enough in common that you can speak of them having the same culture . 
  fwiw , i think this is rubbish , unless you 're talking about some very simple description of culture . 
  i think the main problem is that people do n't actually know what they mean by `` western culture '' , so you end up with people continuously talking past each other . 
  even the idea that a single country has a single culture is silly . 
  from one end of the continent to the other there is a continuum of cultures ( and languages for that matter ) and the country borders are basically lines on the map . 
  you do n't get to choose your citizenship , the law chooses for you . 
  in particular , anyone with a turkish father gets turkish citizenship whether they like it or not . 
  if no-one in the family actually goes to the effort to get a dutch nationality , they will never get it . 
   i do n't think pvda will want to be in government after the huge loss they will suffer . 
  depending on which party will become biggest it will be either cu or gl or both that will form a coalition with vvd-cda-d66 vvd & gl feels like water and fire , but who knows . 
  cu is a possibility if they get enough votes . 
   and these 2 seats could one day mean stalemate between left and right wing , what then ? 
  there are several other smaller parties . 
  the sgp ( very conservative christian ) are always good for two , but they generally vote with the government . 
  the christian union is very centre . 
  wilders will vote against everything anyway , may as well put robots in their seats . 
  the greens party will be interesting , mostly decided by how many young people vote . 
   do you know how the results are announced and if so will it be broadcasted . 
  the exit polls are traditionally 9pm local time . 
  the counting will probably take all night . 
  you can watch it live if you like . 
  bring popcorn . 
  i generally go to sleep and check the results in the morning . 
   if wilders does do well will any of the manifesto be used by other parties ? 
  or does he have no special rights ? 
  an analysis of his party program ( which was one a4 sheet of paper ) showed that 's it 's all unconstitutional and/or a violation of international treaties . 
  so i feel there is very little chance of any of it being used . 
   the crowds are a consequence of fanning the flames by making a irrelevant meeting at a consulate the center point of a political campaign and a show of force to national audience . 
  oh rubbish . 
  it 's not irrelevant if you announce it on national television , but do n't actually ask for permission first .
