  though this was probably more due to the allies bombing civilians rather than industry . 
   what is it supposed to do when it 's confronted with these nationalist demagogues with veto power ? 
  was n't it the whole point of the eu to stop exactly the situation we have with poland and hungary ? 
  either you have a federal europe with the power to overrule member states , or you have a collection of states that need goodwill and understanding to function . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
   you 're not familiar with pre-nuptual agreements ? 
  sure , but they 're not universal . 
  ( i think they should be though ) . 
  the point being , in this case there was no such agreement . 
   hell , i do not even believe humans exist in neutral form . 
  i guess that 's the real difference . 
  i think it 's possible ( i just do n't think it 's useful ) . 
  france has always been on the extreme end of this argument though . 
  all this ruling says is that * if * you are going to ban religious symbols in a workplace , * then * you have to apply the rule to all of them equally , not pick and choose . 
  arguably that 's not the government taking the decision , it 's them explicitly * not * taking a position . 
   the europeans are desperate for that uk cash are n't they . 
  as it comes to about 0.3 % of the gdp i do n't think anyone would notice what happened to it . 
  but it certainly sounds impressive on paper . 
   which is why they should 've had to forethought to include it in the treaty in some way . 
  like how marriage contracts include detailed instructions about how the divorce should be worked out , who gets which assets , including ones that have n't been acquired yet . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  by definition you only know how it 's going to work out when it happens . 
  anything else is just trying to predict the future . 
  and most treaties are vague , precisely because otherwise you do n't give people room to manoeuvre . 
   still put in more than we take out . 
  with that kind of argument you 'd say london should separate from the rest of england since it 's contributing more than its getting . 
  the whole point is that everyone contributes according to their ability to improve the situation for everyone . 
  and yes that means rich countries pay more . 
   considering current forms of christianity does n't enforce any kind of special clothing this is practically an attack on those religions that do ( islam , judaism and sikhism ? ), 
  in varying degrees . 
  if you 're in a public position where you have to appear neutral ( no religious or political affiliation ) why does it seem weird that you that symbols representing such be prohibited ? 
  it 's not like people ca n't wear what they like when they are in a private capacity . 
  and christians have little crosses they wear ... 
   un at least have blue helmets . 
  those blue helmets are just troops from some other nation wearing the helmet . 
  i doubt the un even pays for the helmets . 
  nice . 
  i had n't read the ruling itself , but this is even better ( and more logical ) . 
  sigh . 
  it 's not a `` headscarf ruling '' , it 's about religious symbols in general . 
   nato is not stand-alone international organisation like un . 
  it 's just umbrella for it 's members the un is more of an umbrella organisation than nato . 
  the un literally can not do anything , whereas nato actually stands for something . 
   nato is whole armed forces of all it 's members combined . 
  not some extracted structure . 
  that 's a weird definition . 
  the 3.5 % is of the gdp of the country , not of the total of it 's member states . 
  and normally the word `` running '' means direct/administrative costs . 
   have a special court that decides whether an individual is a threat to the eu or not . 
  this kind of goes against the idea that you are allowed freedom of thought and freedom of expression . 
  but mostly , this kind of thinking leads to arguing that an institution has some intrinsic reason to exist and that it should defend itself independently of that which it represents . 
  more concretely , the eu is `` by the member states , for the member states '' . 
  if the member states wo n't defend the eu , what right does the eu have to defend itself ? 
  if the member states want to blow it up , so be it . 
  the eu does n't have an intrinsic right to exist . 
  this means if we want to keep it , we have to fight * for * it . 
  this is a bit different from the us , where states are kind of forbidden from leaving and actually has an army to defend itself . 
   most non-eu migrants are students source ? 
  400,000 students net immigrating per year seems ... unlikely . 
  most of them would be temporary and thus result in net 0 . 
  [ this page ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/resources/briefings/immigration-by-category-workers-students-family-members-asylum-applicants/ ) seems to agree with you but it 's not talking about net immigration . 
  what i do n't understand is that given that only one third of the net immigration is from eu states , leaving the eu over this seems a bit much . 
  the other two thirds from elsewhere is ok ? 
   geert has been looking to be the guy with the most votes , which says something about the general consensus of the dutch people regarding immigration . 
  yes , it says they do n't agree with him . 
  if you 're not used to a multiparty system then it might seem a bit weird . 
  but suppose ( hypothetically ) you have three leftish parties each with 26 seats ( enough for a majority ) and wilders with 30 . 
  he can say all he likes he 's the biggest party , but the fact is the country voted for a leftish government . 
  it 's like saying that the most sold model of car is some diesel and thus diesel is the winner , while ignoring that the majority of cars are not diesel . 
  he wo n't do it , but i have visions of geert wilders saying he wants to campaign in turkey againgt erdogan . 
  i imagine a fiery shitstorm in turkey . 
   turkey itself , just like usa is melting pot , sounds like a good thing ? 
  like `` i am , you are , we are australian '' . 
  splitting the world into small countries that are ( magically ) homogeneous is a losing proposition . 
  it 's never improved anyone 's lives ... is there actually any example where splitting a country in two actually improved the situation ? 
   eu supposed to be much more influent and rich that it currently is . 
  why do you say this ? 
  the eu is rich and has influence . 
  replacing the usa was never a goal anyway , just peace and prosperity . 
  and not realistic , that will be china ... 
  a lot of the money that nl collects is import duties on stuff coming into the rotterdam harbour . 
  it 's one of the largest harbours in the world , supplying much of germany . 
  that skews the figures somewhat . 
   cu wants to block d66 's efforts on euthenasia and called that a breaking point . 
  that d66 suggestion is not something very important , they mostly introduced it to start discussion . 
  i do n't think will be a big issue . 
   could someone explain to me why pvv 's support collapsed from being near first place in the ( relatively ) recent past to now a tie for second and not being close to first ? 
  there are always people who say they 'll vote for him , but then in the ballot box change their mind . 
  especially since he had no chance in government anyway ... 
   is he not getting the most votes out of everyone ? 
  not in the last estimates he 's not ( vvd 27 , pvv 24 ) . 
  and even if he does , it does n't really matter , there 's no way he can form a government . 
   do they show the division of the seats as the result goes up ? 
  sure . 
  that 's 11pm or so . 
   i think you have to reason backwards for this . 
  say that there is a western culture . 
  what do the countries that you 'd count amongst having a western culture have in common ? 
  that 'd be western-europe , america , canada , australia . 
  i 'd say a system of law ( based on morals/ethics and stuff dating from the greek/roman times ) .
