  mostly you can tell by the surname where people are from anyway ... 
   then get rid of the council ( or rename it ) and make it a proper senate where 1 country = x senators ( i personally think 10-12 is fine ) . 
  make them directly elected , or at least half directly elected and half appointed by each country 's government . 
  you realise that 's how it is now . 
  1 country = 1 senator , except the senator is different depending on the subject . 
  if it 's about about finance you get the finance ministers . 
  yes , the council is literally the executives of the member states . 
   this should be one of the first things in any eu reform proposals . 
  it was one of the proposals in the badly misnamed `` eu constitution '' . 
  when they fell through they went back to the old names to make people feel better . 
   in most situations like that you would pay a pro-rated amount . 
  for example , if you occupied the building for 1 of the 4 years , you would pay 25 % of the 4 year total . 
  indeed , but it does vary . 
  if you sign up for a gym membership for 7 years and want out after 4 , do you get your money back ? 
  the current funding model of the eu is borked and was not intended to be this way . 
  it was supposed to be self-funding using tariffs and import fees . 
  stuff like the wto and trade agreements killed most of that funding , meaning members states had to pick up the rest . 
  a 0.5 % income tax would be much more transparent and remove most of the discussion . 
   or , and here 's an idea ... we do n't pay for shit we 're getting no benefit from . 
  i guess we 'll find out whether it was no benefit when you do n't have it any more ... 
   well , for a start , a large portion is n't ` signed commitments ' , it 's stuff the eu may or may not figure out how to spend at some point . 
  you 're member of a club maintaining a building . 
  you 've agreed to contribute some money for the next four years of maintenance . 
  now you want out , can you claim you do n't have to pay any more ? 
  you can say no , but you can understand why the others might be annoyed . 
   then there 's the contingent liabilites . 
  fine . 
  so agree to pay for future liabilities . 
  problem solved , otherwise , determine what the market rate would be to buy off all future liabilities at once . 
  all seems reasonable to me . 
   there was no upset at all in the isds deals with vietnam every trade agreement has some kind of dispute settlement mechanism . 
  simply because each state does not assume that the other party will be impartial . 
  so you need to have a third party to make decisions . 
  the question is thus not `` is there an isds '' but `` is it a good or bad isds '' . 
  the nafta one is bad , that is known . 
  but the eu-canada one is much much better than most . 
  the one with vietnam i do n't know . 
    changing it for just equality reasons just wo n't fly . 
    especially to those most vocal about their demands for such `` equality '' , i 'm guessing . 
  changing the pension age has lots of knock on effects . 
  say people have some kind of insurance that is paying out monthly and runs until the retirement age . 
  now the retirement age is increased and now that person has no income at all between the old and new retirement age . 
  this has to be compensated somehow . 
  but by who ? 
  so we currently have differing pension ages depending on your age , with the idea that if you have ten years warning you can prepare . 
  what the current tables do n't show is whether there a planned change in the future . 
  people are all for equality in everyone , until it costs billions to deal with the changes . 
  not unnoticed . 
  conscription has been ( fairly quietly ) expanded to women in some countries ( where it exists ) , for example nl . 
  it 's just not a high priority issue . 
  as for the age difference at retirement , this is a historical artefact . 
  changing the pension age is a fairly drastic measure , and hard enough to do politically . 
  changing it for just equality reasons just wo n't fly . 
   if gibraltar is an issue to the eu/spain as a matter of principle then one inside the eu should be an issue too , whether more or less so . 
  inside the eu , the uk could block any discussion on the issue . 
  nobody wanted to side with spain against the uk . 
  however , without the uk no-one else in the eu cares enough about the issue to go against spain . 
  the uk was part of the eu way before spain , so in the beginning it was n't an issue . 
  and when spain joined it was n't enough of a issue to stop spain joining . 
  so it 's one of those things that happened and as long as everybody is in the eu it 's not that big a deal . 
  however , the uk loses it 's vote in the eu now , so who knows how it will go . 
   enforced culture of silence on muslim terrorism what are you talking about ? 
  terrorism has been on a decline for years , and religious terrorism is even rarer . 
   in 2015 , a total of 211 completed , failed , or foiled terrorist attacks were reported by eu states , resulting in 151 fatalities ( of which 148 were in france , with 130 of them occurring during the november 2015 paris attacks . ), 
  and over 360 people injured . 
  as in previous years , separatist attacks accounted for the largest proportion ( 65 ) , followed by jihadist attacks ( 17 ) . 
  the latter , however , caused the largest number of fatalities ( 150 ) and injuries ( 250 ) . 
  the united kingdom reported the largest number of attacks ( 103 ) , but did not provide statistics on suspected affiliation . 
  tackling jihadist terrorism threats has become an over-riding priority for security services , although many commentators express concerns that the risk of far-right terrorism is currently being underestimated . 
   i just wonder if the eu will break it 's own rules to admit scotland . 
  break what rules ? 
  low deficit is not a requirement for eu membership , only the euro and they can choose not to do that . 
  frankly , the major negotiations would be things like how many seats in the parliament and other administrative details . 
  a possibly setting up institutions ( such as a bureau of statistics ) , in case they 're currently done by the uk . 
  a year or two max . 
  eea membership could probably be almost immediate . 
   why do you claim that erdogan is making these claims without any evidence ? 
  how do you know that he has no evidence ? 
  if there 's evidence , publish it . 
  i do n't know he has no evidence . 
  i only know that either there is no evidence , or there is and he 's refuses to publish it . 
  afaict , he does n't even say he has evidence that he ca n't publish . 
  i mean , tens of thousands of people have been arrested . 
  there must be kilometres of documentation of illegal acts these people have committed . 
  they must be able to publish * something * . 
  at the end of the day it 's about trust . 
  if this were the only thing , i 'd think of taking him at his word . 
  but for the last year it been a constant stream of statements , * all without evidence * . 
  at some point you just stop listening . 
   ask yourself , how would people react if it was n't erdogan but merkel making these claims ? 
  they 'd say `` produce the evidence '' . 
  but merkel does n't strike as the kind of person to say * anything * unless she can back it up . 
  she generally can back what she says , which means people trust her when she says things . 
   unbiased ? 
  can we assume that those students voting intentions are roughly divided 50/50 ? 
  this is a rather weird definition of `` unbiased '' . 
  unbiased means that they do n't show prejudice to a particular result . 
  that says precisely nothing about what they personally think should happen . 
  or that they should be split 50/50 . 
   why is nobody even questioning it when something like this gets public ?
