  the status of kosovo according to wikipedia is : disputed recognized by 111 un member states and the united nations , but not by serbia . 
  so it 's recognised by the un . 
  well , when i type `` statehood '' into google i get the definition : `` the status of being a recognized independent nation . '' . 
  sure , it does n't mention the un , but that 's the only recognition that matters , since just about every international organisation requires un recognition for entry . 
  if you 're not recognised you are a micronation . 
   so if the entire world banded together and said netherlands is n't a country but a province of belgium you would accept it because the un said so ? 
  it 's not a question of accepting it . 
  i guess it comes down to the difference between calling yourself a state and being able to act like one . 
  if no-one will sign any treaties with you , accept your money , accept your passports , how can you say you are a state ? 
  all that would happen is that you join the very long list of [ micronations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_micronations ) . 
  the definition is literally '' * small , self-proclaimed entities that claim to be independent sovereign states but which are not acknowledged as such by any recognised sovereign state , or by any supranational organization . 
   interesting that you bring up target2 . 
  it will play a key role in the future of the eurozone . 
  have a read of this https://thegeneraltheorist.com/2017/07/19/the-ecbs-target2-challeng/ thank you for that , it was very interesting . 
  you become a country when the un general assembly says you are , on advice of the security council . 
  whether there is a referendum on the issue is somewhat irrelevant , though might sway some people 's votes . 
  i love it how netflix allows subtitles in english even for english series . 
  also , i 'd like to be able to see movies from other countries , 3 % was brazilian and i liked it . 
  there 's probably many french movies i 'd like if only they were actually available . 
  i agree dubbing is terrible . 
  umm , allowing family to join them is not giving away citizenships , it 's giving them a visa . 
  if the child has citizenship then they 've been there for a while . 
  going from a asylum visa to citizenship is gon na take several years at least . 
   that is incredibly sad . 
  i mean that . 
  i am sorry you feel that way . 
  it is sad . 
  i actually think the senators and congresspeople are ok , but i ca n't take anyone from the administration seriously . 
  and trump is downright dangerous . 
  you 're going to have to educate me here . 
  afaict clearing between european banks happens in step2 and target2 system , neither of which are in the uk . 
  in particular , [ target2 's share in total large-value payment system traffic in euro was 92 % in value terms and 58 % in volume terms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/target2 ) . 
  i think what you 're referring to in the clearing of payment for derivatives , rather than general payments , am i right ? 
  ah yes , the peace of westphalia , which introduced the policy of non-interference in the affairs of other states . 
  something we could use more of in recent times . 
  power must be taken . 
  the parliament should get itself involved in as much of the process as it can . 
  as the direct democratic representative of the population it represents people interests better . 
   she represents the eu , if she represents it poorly tell me how good is she in her job ? 
  if proving she 's a human being means she 's doing her job wrong , then i think we need to change the job definition . 
  we do n't need automatons in government . 
   in another placatory gesture by italian officials , alcohol was not served at an official dinner held in rouhani 's honour , abiding by a standard diplomatic gesture for visiting muslim dignitaries . 
  oh come on , that 's just being polite . 
  or perhaps when you have a guest who says they 're vegetarian you serve them a hamburger anyway . 
  the covering of statues i agree is silly , they should have given him a blindfold . 
   the eu leaders have to pretend that they like countries like russia , iran and sa to guarantee its own energy safety . 
  these are basic stuff . 
  which is why we should be building out renewables and nuclear as fast as possible . 
  so we can get ourselves out of that mess . 
   why nordic people are so obsessed with helping people from africa/middle east ? 
  helping i mean , help to be paid by other eu countries ? 
  as for nordics , no idea , have n't asked them . 
  but this is particular aid scheme helps greece , not africa . 
  since otherwise greece would be paying it , and they are not exactly in the greatest state to do that . 
  as for what i think is your general comment , there are plenty of people who takes the udhr and echr seriously . 
  closing your eyes and pretending nothing is happening is exactly how the holocaust got going . 
  the best way to prevent africa wanting to come to europe is to make sure they want to stay where they are . 
   unfortunately brain drain is pretty hard to reverse . 
  depends how long it takes . 
  when young people leave for money it 's not uncommon for them to move back once they start a family . 
  * if * they can get a decent job of course . 
  so if the country improves enough within 10 years then many will come back . 
  the longer it takes the less likely . 
  then again , we had highly educated second and third generation turks in nl moving back to turkey because the economy was getting better . 
  that dropped off somewhat the last year though . 
   you could make a direct agreement with finland if need be . 
  impossible . 
  if country a has freedom of movement with b and b has freedom of movement with c , then effective a has freedom of movement with c , while neither signed a treaty to that effect . 
  that 's why they need to be multilateral . 
   let 's say ... `` in project x , every country is supposed to give an y amount of money , or a z percentage of gdp . '', 
  integration is not a question of money . 
  the construction of the eurozone did n't involve very much money at all , just several countries changing their laws to be compatible and signing treaties . 
  now , the effects of the laws may have effects that cost money in various ways , but at no point at you ( generally ) transferring money from one country to another . 
   will not take into account many countries opinions that 's not a given . 
  they 'll take into account their opinions because that is the european way . 
  but we 're no longer going to try and keep everyone on board at any cost . 
  we 've tried that for 10 years and it 's going nowhere . 
  well , plans to improve integration have been on the shelves for * years * and they 're not going anywhere because there 's always at least one country who complains . 
  and there has been approximately zero progress . 
  now is the point to say `` fuck it '' and just go ahead with the countries that do want to work together . 
  the rest can catch up later ( or not ) . 
  now is apparently the season for countries to want to go their own way ( see uk ) . 
  lets accept that and move on . 
  the rest of the world wo n't wait . 
  which amounts to a non-constructive attitude . 
  there is no exact figure which can be produced , the whole process is similar to valuing a company : there are lots of non-tangibles for which the value is up for discussion . 
  hence the debate goes about how to value the non-tangibles , rather than an exact figure . 
  stuff like the value of the uk portion of the eib is simply not something you can put a figure on ... 
  the simple reason is that the refugees are a much smaller group ( 62,000 vs 10 million ) and do n't need much money . 
  and they spend it all which leads to economic growth . 
  the amount of money we 're talking about here is 20 euro per greek person , which would do precisely nothing if distributed over the whole country . 
  to make significant dent for the whole population would require more money than the eu has ( this amount for the refugees is already more than 0.1 % of the annual budget , to do the same for all of greece would be 16 % of the annual budget ) . 
  and so that decision has to go to the member states ... 
  if you want a small government , then you ca n't complain when they ca n't do anything . 
   today it is largely accepted that the `` rebuilding '' , especially the most radical , was a total failure for the quality of life , the economy in these cities etc. 
  in holland there were well advanced plans to run freeways straight through the centre of amsterdam . 
  just imagine what would have been lost . 
  fortunately holland did n't go very far down that path . 
   ultimately it 's saying a country should be conquered/destroyed/enslaved rather than do x , which is a war crime , but nonetheless could change the tide . 
  no , war crimes specifically deal with issues that do n't affect the outcome at all , and hence pointless .
