  but really , we 've been blessed with like 400 years of competent governance . 
   what 's the plan to stop this ? 
  what it 's always been . 
  make sure they get learn the language and find themselves a place in society . 
  so they can become productive members . 
  and make sure they understand the responsibilities of a citizen and hold them to it . 
  the problem is of course is that that takes * time * . 
  you can not solve it with the stroke of a pen . 
  and telling them continuously that they 're the devil incarnate is * counterproductive * . 
   people are mowed down by trucks every few months . 
  not fun . 
  thousands of people die every year on the roads . 
  climate change is coming right at us . 
  terrorism has always been an issue and this too shall pass . 
   the hq has to be somewhere , trade is happening everywhere in the eu , so the location will never please everyone if we are taxing on hq location . 
  that 's kind of the point though : apple could put all their profits into a company that was not in * any * country . 
  that 's basically bogus . 
  if the hq was actually in ireland then it would n't be such a big deal . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/cc58c190-6ec3-11e6-a0c9-1365ce54b926 http://mashable.com/2016/08/30/apple-sweetheart-deal-ireland/, 
   can you point to the law that apple were given special status to not follow ? 
  or where any other company was blocked from setting up something similar ? 
  it 's not law , it 's a tax ruling . 
  a * secret * tax ruling . 
  one which allowed apple to declare all their profits to a company with an address in ireland but somehow not in ireland for tax purposes . 
  to a company which apparently does n't exist in any country . 
  no company can set something like that up unless the tax office offers it to you . 
  and the point is : they did n't offer this deal to anyone else . 
  that makes it illegal state aid . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/cc58c190-6ec3-11e6-a0c9-1365ce54b926 http://mashable.com/2016/08/30/apple-sweetheart-deal-ireland, 
  it did mean that after one year of pain it ruled him out for the foreseeable future . 
  i personally wonder how long he 's going to keep this up , because he 's been an mp for 20 years now and they 're chronically low on funds . 
   libya is a non-country with non-sovereignty . 
  they can not control their smugglers so it 's on us to fix their mess . 
  sure , there are many things happening , like preventing the sale of ( rubber ) boats to libya , improving the libya coast guard and tracking the smugglers themselves . 
  but leaving people to die on boats is a step too far ( imho ), 
   too bad . 
  tow it back anyway . 
  right . 
  and if after you tow them back they die , who is responsible ? 
  they 're not sacks of beans . 
  it also does n't solve the problem long term . 
  there are many other ways to tackle the problem . 
  prevent the sale of boats to libya . 
  track down the smugglers . 
  and above all , stop them wanting to come in the first place by making sure there 's a future where they came from . 
   when these regulations fly in the face of common sense , they need to change . 
  towing them back flies in the face of common sense ( for me anyway ) . 
   the largest component of the `` against '' voters have voted that way because of the corruption in ukraine . 
  which made no sense , since part of the agreement was to help ukraine * reduce * corruption . 
  corruption is a symptom of a badly functioning economy . 
  the way you fix it is by improving the economy and strengthening the legal system and institutions . 
  stamping out corruption is one of the things the eu tries to do in many places , and association agreements are a tool to achieve that . 
   not that i 'm advocating this , but do you know about the legal status of considering smugglers ship as invading forces and sinking them ? 
  i do n't think you can consider unarmed people an `` invading force '' . 
  he 's probably not wrong . 
   so basically the netherland 's intra-eu deficit in absolute numbers is bigger than germany 's ? 
  so why is it always germany that gets the blame ? 
  is there a big difference between intra-eurozone and intra-eu ? 
  we 're so small nobody can get angry at us without looking silly . 
  nevermind that we 're the 17th largest economy in the world . 
  with only 18 million people . 
   moreover , for many young britons , europe means something different than it does for their continental counterparts -- quite literally . 
  no shit , the uk was never occupied by the nazi 's . 
  british people have vastly different ideas about wwii , since they get to feel like a winner , which applies to no-one else in europe ( except russia i guess ) . 
  iq is a function of education . 
  get them educated and they 're the same as everyone else . 
   no , this is wrong . 
  mexico and the uk can commit to trading on the existing terms . 
  amending the agreements is an administrative exercise that can be done easily before we leave the eu . 
  why on earth would mexico do that ? 
  sure , you start the negotiations like that , but then mexico start putting lines through all the bits they do n't like and then what ? 
  stare them down with `` same deal or no deal '' ? 
   considering they talk about fiscal harmonization i think netherlands will say `` hell no '' . 
  when it comes to fiscal harmonisation nl will do whatever de does . 
  the dutch currency has been tied to the german one since the gold standard died , that 's not going to change now . 
  as they say , when germany sneezes , nl catches a cold . 
  so basically , the [ european investment bank ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_investment_bank ) . 
  the whole point of transfers is that they would * not * be loans , and thus never need repayment . 
  in the news here in nl they were discussing the coming elections in nordrhein-westfalen and that 25 % of school children live in poverty . 
  it 's like , wtf !, 
  so much money but where is it going ? 
  you germans do a really good job of hiding the poor people . 
   yes british people have attacked the eu for years , but not civilians . 
   not ordinary people who just happened to live or work in a country . 
  i like that you can make the distinction , but many people ca n't . 
  there are * lots * of people whose livelihood depend on the existence of the eu and its institutions ( small businesses especially ) . 
  to suggest they should not take attacks on the eu personally is , naive . 
  for reference , the [ association agreement is from 1963 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ankara_agreement ) . 
   if ukraine wants eu association and eventual membership [ eu association agreements are common ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_association_agreement ) , even russia has an association agreement , but they are even further down the list than ukraine . 
  it is in no way a step to membership . 
  eu membership for ukraine is a * very * long way down the road . 
  our relations with russia will have to do a complete 180 to even consider the possibility . 
  people had no idea what they were voting on . 
  the whole campaign was entirely content-free . 
  maybe they would still have voted against it even if they did know what they were voting on , but we 'll never know . 
  visas these days are mostly electronic ( with participating countries ) which means the visa can be easily switched to the new passport once your old one expires . 
  there 's a process for this , seriously . 
  just think how many passports get lost every year . 
  i think that 's par for the course though . 
  i had to help with a schengen visa for someone from china .
