  before wwii the concept of `` war crime '' did n't even exist , it was only afterwards that people thought `` hmm , maybe we ca n't stop wars , but we can at least try to avoid some of the pointless killing '' . 
  basically , the mass killing of civilians has never speeded up any war , ever . 
  is n't the support for hamas based on the exact same idea ? 
   any punishment should be reserved for those who are attempting to immigrate here through non-proper channels knowing they do not have a case . 
  this could include jail/prison time , as well as financial penalties . 
  the appropriate punishment is simple : exile . 
  anything else just costs more . 
  unfortunately we do n't have any colonies any more where can exile them to , so we 're stuck trying to find some place to take them . 
  the problem is hardly ever ( any more ) the asylum process , those processes have been greatly speeded up over the last few years . 
  the problem is we ca n't send them back . 
  * that 's * the problem we need to work on . 
  frankly , i think just paying them to return is the best idea . 
  they are paying thousands to smugglers to get here , so it 's not like they 'll make a profit out of the trip . 
   why do it this way , it only makes it harder for themselfs . 
  just because they run the country does n't mean they had a choice . 
  in business uncertainty is killing . 
  despite the fact that the government has no idea what to do , at least the two year horizon means that business * can * plan what to do . 
  it will suck , but businesses are always looking how to turn a crappy situation to their advantage . 
  there 's been figures between 75 billion and 100 billion euro 's , for example : https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jul/18/eu-talks-divided-over-britains-brexit-divorce-bill-mooted-at-66bn the problem is stuff like pensions . 
  basically people have been promised a certain amount of money per year between when they retire and when they die . 
  to put a figure on that * now * you need to guess : - what age people retire - what salary they have then - how long they will live - how many people are going to receive such a pension - what percentage will is to be covered by the uk , which depends on - the relative sizes of the economies for the next 50 years . 
  every single one of these is guesswork . 
  there is no number you can write down and say : this is the answer . 
  it 's modelling with the same complexity as the climate . 
   which war zone are those bangladeshi fleeing ? 
  the libyan one . 
  they were imported from bangladesh several years ago and forced to work under terrible conditions . 
  after the libyan civil war they got screwed like everyone else . 
  just because they have a passport from bangladesh , does n't mean that 's where they are fleeing from . 
  whether they actually have a chance of asylum i could n't say . 
  they could probably return if they wanted . 
   as the economist discovered by asking german unionists , they often prefer haggling for more flexible working hours , longer vacations and more job stability when sitting across from bosses . 
  shocking . 
  do n't they know that other people have trade deficits to balance ? 
  indeed , given a choice i 'd take more holidays rather than higher wages . 
   we ca n't do it because of international law . 
  as they say , most of international law is n't written yet . 
  it 's clear the current arrangements are n't working . 
  so we need better ones , not simply throwing the current one 's out because difficult . 
  italy at least made a good move by suggesting that the rules should be interpreted that if you rescue people from sea that you should bring them personally . 
  because what happening now is definitely not the intent of the law . 
   absolutely , but i 'm sure you agree ` how much are you prepared to pay us before we start trade negotiations ' is a dickish move from the eu . 
  not really . 
  just like in a divorce situation it 's not unreasonable to have an high-level agreement on the financial situation and the children before you negotiate on the future relationship . 
  and definitely before you allow the other person to marry someone else . 
  the eu has stated how much money they want , it 's now the uk 's move . 
  for me the eu 's approach is simply the practical approach . 
  it 's going to be a fucking miracle if we can even get an agreement on the money and the children ( residents of the eu in the uk and vice versa ) in two years . 
  trade agreements take 7-10 years normally , we do n't have anywhere near that kind of time . 
  the same way you negotiate for a house . 
  one starts high , the other low , and then the bidding goes back and forth until you get an agreement ( or not ) . 
  for laughs , the uk should raise its bid to 1 euro . 
   they should 've came up with a methodology themselves to negotiate off of rather than assuming we 'd give one to them . 
  but the methodology itself can be subject to negotiations . 
  if the eu just proposed a methodology , the uk would just say they disagreed . 
  this is similar to how there are many ways to price options or shares on a share market . 
  at the end of the day you just need to agree on a number , how it was calculated is somewhat irrelevant ( and you do n't need to agree on how it was calculated either ) . 
   all members agreed to the eu law , that once you leave all financial obligations stop . 
  why is the eu trying to renege on that ? 
  is n't that a bit immoral ? 
  hell , is n't it bribery ? 
  pay us money we are n't owed or we wo n't give you a trade deal . 
  saying that you do n't owe anything may be legally true , but not really helpful for * future * relations . 
  the eu is totally free to condition any future trade agreement on an agreement to pay a sum of money . 
  just like they are free to condition trade agreements with other countries based on a treatment of minorities , structure of the judiciary or peace talks with other countries . 
   my favorite thing : when things like this say `` europe '' and then it 's just the eu . 
  maybe you can just sign a treaty to join eurostat ? 
  the oecd does also collect statistics but not as much . 
  consumers get what they ask for . 
  there was program on tv here explaining how they were making little red things out of arabian gum to put in the olives , because the dutch are too cheap to pay for actual red capsicum . 
  they said that it 's only for the dutch market , because no other country would stand for it . 
  so , consumers , demand more fish ( which is what they 're doing i guess ) . 
  probably just the food . 
  and this this is probably not the first time , so they 're used to it . 
  really , you should be able to buy a 3 bedroom place without too much difficulty if you 're working full time in a decent job . 
  just do n't try anywhere near amsterdam . 
  there 's a reason why they moved away from the term `` global warming '' , since it gave people the idea that everywhere would get warmer , when they really mean just the average is warmer , but some places might be colder . 
  the atmosphere moves a lot of heat around , and if a jetstream moved a few hundred km , that 's nothing on a global scale , but for countries in its path it would mean quite a change . 
  you 're saying that scotland and britain are the same culture ? 
  or even all the states of america . 
  even countries now do n't have a uniform culture , why would this change . 
  a political union has little to do with culture . 
   the eu commission . 
  the eu commission is the executive that is the government formed with the approval of the parliament and the council . 
  this is similar to how many european countries do it . 
  the uk is kinda special in that members of the executive are actually also members of parliament . 
  the commission can be removed by a motion of no confidence by the parliament . 
  i do n't think that has ever happened yet though . 
  [ more details ] ( http://www.juliewardmep.eu/how_the_european_commission_is_democratically_accountable ) . 
  yes , it 's different from how the uk works , but it 's not undemocratic . 
  then i guess the only option is to leave . 
  there 's no point staying if you ca n't accept the agreed upon decision method . 
  what i do n't understand is why they ca n't at least make a token effort . 
  like set up some strict requirements ( only families for example ) , take a handful , complain that this is all much more complicated than expected . 
  played well you can draw this out for years , while at the same time putting you firmly in the `` working on it '' camp . 
  then we can get on to solving the actual problem . 
  the fact that they are not doing this , for me , proves they are going for the `` let 's drive up the eu hate '' tactic , with end goal of helping themselves get reelected and/or actually leaving the eu . 
   but why not arrest that person when he is at it , instead of waiting till he can hide money in somewhere faraway ? 
  how do you propose the eu arresting someone in eritrea ? 
  the guys doing the work are not the ringleaders obviously .
