    the eu would require assurances that the standards and regulations being met today/in 2019 through the brexit bill   we 've already planned to transfer all eu law into uk law upon brexit . 
  the point is , all * future * law as well . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not part of the brexit bill ... 
  putting all the current law in achieves nothing in the long term because the law changes continuously . 
   then that is the eu actively hindering eu-uk trade . 
  the basic problem is that no fta can come anywhere near what a single market offers . 
  if you are out of the customs union then every single item crossing the border will have to be inspected by customs . 
  even if a fta says that there are no tariffs and no quotas , everything still needs to be checked , which costs time which is money . 
  and if/when there is regulatory divergence we might actually get shipments stopped at the border . 
  the single market solves that problem , something an fta can never do ... 
   it 's unrelated , but that 's the point of referendums . 
  the primary problem with referendums : you get the answer to a question that was n't asked . 
  holding referendums on policy decisions almost never works . 
  unless you hold referendums so often people actually start giving actual answers ( like switzerland i guess ) . 
  it was n't in 2016 . 
   also , i would n't call it advisory at all if the parties ca n't back out of it after the verdict is reached . 
  it would be advisory if the court let the parties know how sharia law stands in their particular situation , and then they can decide whether to abide by it or not . 
  true , that would be a better description of advisory . 
  however , the whole point of the court is to validate that the rules of arbitration have been followed , not to judge the end result . 
  and one of the rules is that you enter into arbitration voluntarily . 
  arbitration is merely an extension of contract law . 
  that citizens can make agreements between themselves without interference from the government . 
   and if the verdict were the same regardless if the first recourse was the arbitration court or the court of law , what 's the point in having an arbitration court with binding decisions in the first place ? 
  arbitration generally covers things for which there is no law . 
  if there was a law you would n't need arbitration . 
   i think that greece should try to see with turkey if they could get a better treaty that does n't work in that way . 
  but international relations seems quite complex or see how far the implementation of the treaty can be adjusted . 
  the implementation law is generally more specific compared to the treaty ( which are often vaguely written ) . 
  for example , the court could decide that by making the will they had placed themselves outside the class of people covered by the treaty . 
   it 's frankly disgusting that such decisions are enforceable at all , there 's no good reason why they should be more than advisory . 
  from the parent post :  when the decision is reached enforcement of the award must be attained from a court . 
  it is advisory , the french court makes them official . 
  but if you turn up to the french court and do n't say that you were coerced , then what do you expect them to do ? 
  arbitration is used for lots of things , the vast majority of which have nothing to do with religion at all . 
  courts can not really protect people from themselves . 
   indeed . 
  if the eu does n't make certain changes and at least tries to listen to the people who elected them and is paying for them , the populist parties will continue growing all over europe , and eventually we 'll have outright fascists in charge of certain countries . 
  the eu ca n't change the way it 's run . 
  the member states have to do that . 
  the commission does make various proposals but the member countries are not really paying attention . 
  the eu does n't have the power to change its own structure . 
   or when enough move to europe , lower the quality of europe until it reaches that of their home countries . 
  it 's simple homeostasis which is not how any of this works ... economics is not a zero sum game . 
   and he 's not even 40 . 
  a us president ca n't be under 40 . 
  stupid rule imho . 
  funny thing is , i thought this was just the us , but there are other countries ( including germany ) with [ similar rules ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/age_of_candidacy ) . 
  til, 
   this assumes that the eu can get along . 
  in my experience , that is highly unlikely even for the smallest of things . 
  but but , muh sovereignty !!, 
   it 's just a threat . 
  there is a rather cheap and easy way to avoid it for egypt tunisia etc. 
  it 's only a threat if people believe you 're actually going to go through with it . 
  we do 27 billion euros of trade with egypt . 
  do you really think they 'd believe us if we said we 'd stop that unless they did what we told them ? 
  the damage would exceed the total cost of all the migrants put together . 
   refugees get to jump the queue at least here in holland . 
  we also have welfare . 
  but that only applies to people who actually get asylum , which does not apply to any of those economic migrants people are complaining about . 
  the effect on those waiting lists is minimal anyway , less than 10 % of social housing goes this way . 
  those economic migrants who are rejected do not get social housing and do not get welfare . 
  of course , we do n't let them work and we do n't teach them the language either , so they become a permanent drain . 
   uh , is n't that exactly why kurzs plan includes the african countries and retaining the `` refugees '' there before they even cross the mediterranean sea ? 
  which is exactly what the eu has been arguing for for years . 
  none of this is particularly new . 
  the problem is that it requires the african countries to have a functioning government and , well , they do n't . 
  there 's a reason we are training the libyan coast guard and supplying them with boats . 
  it 's a start ... 
   it 's sad , but if catalonia wants to be independent in the near future , they will have to do it unilaterally . 
  achieving what ? 
  independence is achieved if you can get the un to accept you are an independent country . 
  unilaterally declaring independence wo n't work , never has . 
  you either have to fight a war and win , or you have to get the parent country to let you go . 
   what 's to stop the eu from asking the uk to commit to the euro in x years time in order to cancel article 50 ? 
  to be honest , if the uk proposed dropping article 50 i think everyone in the eu would be ecstatic , because then we can spend the next two years solving actual problems rather than invented ones . 
  personally , i think making it two round like in france would be a simpler change . 
  or even instant runoff . 
   how the hell is first past the post even a system being used ? 
  imagine running a large country 500 ( or even 200 ) years ago . 
  it made sense to divide the country into districts , have each of them vote for one person and have the person ride by horseback to the parliament every once in a while to vote on things . 
  now with mass-media and high speed travel the dynamics are quite different though changing voting systems is not done often . 
  because that completely redoes your entire system of government . 
  suppose the uk went for proportional voting : all of a sudden everyone would have to get used to coalitions . 
  but still , it seems like the party holding the parliament has too much power . 
  for example , i 'm guessing may convinced the congressmen of her party to vote for a new election ? 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  in a parliamentary system the parliament has * all * the power . 
  and in the uk they even have a special law that states that they need 2/3 majority to trigger a new election , because they did n't want people to be able to call elections whenever they like . 
   i have no idea what loggerheads and gridlock mean , but that does n't matter because i 'm not from the us haha . 
  what i mean is that when the president is from one party and the parliament is is held by another party . 
  like with obama for several years . 
  then nothing ( or very little ) gets done . 
  remember how the in us occasionally the whole civil service goes into shutdown because the budget did n't pass . 
  in many parliamentary democracies blocking the budget is by itself an almost automatic trigger for an election . 
   i 'm from costa rica , we also have a presidential system and it works pretty well . 
  but ok , i 'll admit governing 4.5 million people is much simpler . 
  or you just have a generally competent government . 
  a quick google seems to say that in costa rica even when the president and the assembly are n't from the same party that they still try to get along . 
  this is very good and probably explains why everything is functioning fine .
