  i get it though , find somewhere to stay where you can get on your feet . 
  good luck !, 
   the truth is allot duller than that , in reality the uk and the eu will come to an agreement , why is that certain ? 
  because business has allot of lobbying power over goverments , this is the reality and they will not stand for a non agreement . 
  ok , so if they 're so powerful , why do fta 's generally take several years ? 
  how did ttip fail ? 
  agreement will have to go via all the 27 national parliaments . 
  there is no way that will be at all fast . 
  the only thing that 's important is to sort out is the visa status of the eu nationals in the uk and vice-versa . 
  everything else we can sort out at leisure during the next decade , under wto rules . 
  every business is already writing contingency plans . 
   as for dramatic actions , it wont be actions per say , more talk than anything , strong talk , posturing and then they will make out that negotiations are bad , then they will break down altogether , then at the very end there will be a deal , most likely with consessions . 
  concessions for who ? 
  the problem is mostly that all the bad effects will happen before the 2 years are up . 
  business are not going to bet on there being a deal , they 're going to bet on the worst case . 
  everyone is already writing contingency plans . 
  when the times comes , there wo n't be any pressure to make a deal , everything will be in place . 
  the main issue is that imports from the uk will have to land at a different port and go through customs . 
  customs will have to employ more people , which i guess is something . 
   organisations in which 26 of the 27 members were unelected by a country will often be seen as ` unelected ' in reference to that country . 
  just like people complain about the 434 members of the us congress voted by people in other districts . 
  or the 98 members of the senate elected by other states . 
  or the 649 members of the house of commons that are elected by other constituencies . 
  this is why we have the eu parliament and qm to ensure broad support . 
   national finance ministers should n't wield so much power at the eu institutional level when the eurogroup does n't have that power assigned to it by the treaties . 
  get a eu finance minister to do that . 
  you 're basically proposing a federal eu . 
  what you 're describing is literally killing the sovereignty of the member nations . 
  that 's just not going to happen any time soon . 
   retards only look at money , i value more important things . 
  like standard of living . 
  now people are spending less money on yoghurt , so they can spend more money on other things . 
  reducing production costs , increasing productivity , makes life better for everyone . 
   can anybody say with a straight face greece would n't have been better of with a controlled and mutual divorce from the euro in 2010/11 ? 
  20/20 hindsight is fantastic . 
  given what we know now perhaps that would have been the right decision . 
  the fact is , we did n't know , we 're here now , and have to continue with the chosen path . 
   irish citizenship is just a means to access a travel document for them . 
  well , i suppose they 're applying for a travel document and getting citizenship as part of the deal ... 
   go into an airport and pull out the passports like trading cards i try to avoid that because people give funny looks , but yes i 've had situations where i say `` oops , wrong passport , you want this other one ... '' . 
   that 's not what the eu 's position is though . 
  citizen rights , funding obligations etc are being treated as an entirely separate negotiation . 
  no , they merely say that negotiations on those topics must be sufficiently advanced before proceeding to other topics . 
  it does n't say they have to be complete . 
   the nl election was over a month ago ( and on a side note , you do n't have a government yet ? 
  going for another world record again ? 
  ) , you must be thinking of the belgians . 
  for us the record is a bit under 9 months , but that was a long time ago . 
   so whatever your rule is , it is n't the same as the uks `` prevent the government signing up to anything sensitive in the run-up to a vote '' . 
  before the election the government submits its resignation , at which point they become '' [ demissionair ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demissionary_cabinet ) '' . 
  at this point `` it can only take care of urgent and pressing matters and not initiate controversial legislation '' , which sounds pretty similar . 
  the parliament decides what is controversial or not . 
  in this case we 're talking about a piece which does n't sign the uk up to anything , negotiations finished months ago and was simply on the agenda for formal approval . 
  this is basically the uk being difficult . 
   i am one of those who believes that the uk will ask to rejoin within 15 years , but i 'm not sure if the eu will ( should ? ), 
  allow it . 
  that would just set a bad precedent , right ? 
  i think it would be a matter of pride . 
  15 years is too soon . 
  50 years is more likely . 
   strict u.k. election rules prevent the government signing up to anything sensitive in the run-up to a vote . 
  according to those guidelines , during the immediate period before an election , the government must `` observe discretion in initiating any new action of a continuing or long-term character '' that would bind the next administration . 
  the `` purdah '' period , as it is known , started on saturday , april 22 , before last week 's budget meeting . 
  sure , but what it `` sensitive '' is subjective . 
  in this case , no extra money is being spent , it 's just changing what it is spent on . 
  in this extra , extra border security . 
  the uk being against that is , well , ironic . 
  for example , nl has no government now and has a similar rule . 
  this does n't stop procedural votes like this from continuing . 
  the main distinction is that a single market means that if the uk authorities think something is ok , then it can be sold anywhere in the eu without any extra checks . 
  so for business it means anything goes , unless some specific rule prevents it . 
  with an fta the default is switched : all traded items must be checked to see if they comply before they can be sold . 
  so it means lots of paperwork mostly . 
  especially the f ** king customs fees . 
  now i can order bbc series on amazon.co.uk and it 's fine . 
  after brexit customs will check every package to verify that it 's allowed under whatever fta , and charge fees for the privilege . 
  importing stuff from the uk will become big business again , because importers can amortise the customs fees over larger shipments which means uk stores selling direct to europe will take a hit . 
   which is why they should be dealt with concurrently rather than one after the other . 
  they will be dealt with concurrently , if only because there are a million details to get right and it will take every bureaucrat available two years just to review all the documents . 
  it is however sensible to say that you have to agree on the headlines before you can even start on the details . 
  you have to have high level agreement on visa conditions , financial arrangements , etc first before you can even start on things like the price of fish . 
  otherwise you run the risk of running out of time . 
  ( after two years the uk is out , agreement or not ) . 
  if we have to start issuing visas we 'll have to process 10,000 day at least , and the longer it takes to decide the worse it becomes . 
   we voted 13-2 against . 
  even finland supported it . 
  hang on , there are 28 countries , so 28 votes . 
  where are the other 13 votes ? 
   this is where you raise a good point about the eu and its political institution . 
  values are not ( and it 's ~ ~ almost ~ ~ impossible ) spread from a top-to-bottom system like what is happening right now . 
  it 's one of the reasons why the european project is being rejected and it 's facing backlash . 
  ftfy the eu is not trying to push values from top down , it ca n't . 
   there is no way that a single doctrine on values could ever encompass the beliefs of 500 million people . 
  correct , which is why that it not the goal . 
  but i think we can all agree on the echr . 
   anyone who supports eu reform , such as myself , should therefore see this poll and low ratings in france and italy as an indicator for the justness of what we try to achieve , namely eu reform so that the union can act in matters of importance . 
  unfortunately , the people who are in a position to actually change things ( the heads of government ) are not actually working on improving the situation . 
  mainly they are just complaining . 
  [ the commission is the only one actually looking at possible changes ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-17-385_en.htm ) , but they ca n't change things themselves . 
   sovereignity has no price .
