well , to be fair to greece , the `` creative accounting '' that they used was not a secret ; they were encouraged to use creative accounting by the eu because it would allow them to meet the technical requirements of admission . 
  source ? 
  why did eurostat discover afterwards that the figures were unreliable ? 
   so here a crude oversimplified example : you have an alpha romeo at 30k euro and a bmw at 30k also , but almost no one will by the alpha romeo , so you need to make it 24k so that people might balance that . 
  so how can alpha romeo do that : at the production line ? 
  hardly they are as advanced as the germans , state of the art bullshit from siemens and bosch ( :p just saying ) , cheaper materials than bmw ? 
  ca n't work cause then the customers wo n't be satisfied . 
  what 's left ? 
  waaages !, 
  ok let 's slash people 's wages by 20 % to cover the price drop !? 
  ok , so you saying that the alfa romeo is a worse car than the bmw but you can buy them for the same price ( i know nothing about cars ) . 
  and this is because the process to make alfa romeo 's is less efficient , despite the workers being paid less than in germany . 
  sounds to me like bmw should just buy alfa romeo , use their tech to build better plants so they can give the workers a raise while making the alfa romeo for 24k . 
  mind you , germany is competitive because it does n't do 2-3 % wage growth , more like 1-2 % , or less . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/wage-growth ( the 10 year graph ), 
   greece killed it for me . 
  in hindsight their problems seem pretty much inevitable with seperate economies and a common currency ( and this should have been foreseen by experts ) . 
  in retrospect everyone agrees they should n't have been allowed in . 
  but they really really wanted to , going so far as to lie in the official statistics to make their economy to make them look better than it actually was . 
  and then when they could borrow cheaply , instead of investing in their economy they spent it on other things . 
  look no-one likes what 's happen to the greeks ( and honestly , the eu has little power here , the people holding the purse strings do ) , but lying about the state of the economy for years just leads to bad results , for everyone . 
  and now they have to catch up to the promises made 15 years ago ... 
   the president in that system is ` directly ' elected though . 
  i do n't think it 's as undemocratic as some make out , but there is always room for improvement do n't get me started on presidential systems , they have a terrible track record worldwide , the us is the only exception . 
  parliamentary systems prove much more stable in the long run . 
  i 'm pro-eu in general but i 'd fight a directly elected president of europe tooth and nail . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm for having members of the commission being elected to the house first either . 
  people suited for election to a parliament are not necessarily suited for cabinet positions and vice-versa . 
  in the uk they are tightly linked , but in nl while cabinet positions by convention are elected to the parliament , it 's not required and some of the best ministers were never elected . 
   there is a democratic deficit , this could be solved by ensuring commission members are first elected into the parliament . 
  i find it interesting that this is described as a democratic deficit . 
  in the us secretaries are appointed by the president and approved by the senate . 
  they are not elected to the house first . 
  same construction , but nobody calls that undemocratic ... edit : in the eu the parliament has to approve them , which is arguably better than the us . 
   the people must realize that voting for orb\u00e1n means putting their future at risk . 
  hopefully . 
  but it 's not up to the eu to defend itself . 
  this is not the us with it 's own army , police force and intelligence agency . 
  the member states have to want to stay . 
   yes , but 1 organisation managing that amount of border is still much more per nation managing their own borders . 
  fortunately , it 's not one organisation doing it . 
  each country defends it 's own little bit . 
  in theory frontex should be helping , but they do n't get much funding because , you know , people do n't want to spend money on the eu . 
  member countries have  40 % of the gdp to spend , the eu 1 % . 
  the eu is not going to make the difference in defending the borders . 
   having a common external schengen border policy is just too large a distance to effectively police . 
  the total exterior length of the border of schengen is much , * much * less than the total length of all the borders of the countries individually . 
  also , the vast majority is also a natural border ( i.e. 
  seas ) which is much easier to patrol than a land borders . 
  taking all the work that would otherwise be needed to patrol internal borders could be moved to just the external borders , which is basically a no-brainer . 
   it 's actually something that 's being debated by legal scholars . 
  and quite seriously , too . 
  well , that 's all nice and good . 
  but is going to enforce any decision ? 
  if the member states do n't want to negotiate then that 's the end . 
  if i were the cjeu i 'd come back with `` outside our jurisdiction , it 's the member states ' problem '' . 
   ( 2 ) eu is a common club of countries where democratic principles are the house rules . 
  such a club is fully within its rights , having regard of point ( 1 ) , to take steps against a member government that is breaking these rules . 
  but how ? 
  the eu has no police force and can not arrest anyone . 
  worst case is some kind of sanctions , but they invariably affect the people more than the government , so not terribly likely . 
    regardless this is not something for others to be involved in and would set a really bad precedent , we do n't prosecute fillon or sarkozy either even though they 're criminals . 
    so we agree . 
  it 's not a matter of being possible but of matter of wanting to actually do it . 
  no , it 's really impossible . 
  the eu has no police force , who would arrest them ? 
  perhaps another member state could arrest them if they left the country , but then you 'd need an arrest warrant issued by , wait for it , the country they are coming from . 
   i 'm torn about this subject , its too delicate , who draws the line ? 
  how ? 
  fortunately , we have people , experts , also known as `` doctors '' who have a lot of experience in determining if something is incurable or not . 
  but one of the criteria for euthanasia is that you be of sound mind . 
  depression is difficult because it 's not clear if you are talking with a sound mind . 
  yeah , it 's hard . 
  but the op is about als , hardly a difficult case . 
   that 's not true . 
  china has access to the single market ( i.e. 
  can sell and buy goods there ) * some * goods , under wto rules . 
  there are tariffs for steel and solar panels . 
  chinese banks can not operate here without a licence . 
  we do n't recognise their patents . 
  the trade agreement with canada does n't even cover services , and china has a lot less than that . 
  the single market is far more than a trade agreement . 
  the uk will have `` access '' like everyone , but only limited . 
   there is no clear linguistic differentiation of what is a language and what is a dialect a language is a dialect with a army . 
   depends on the biofuel , obviously , but any good biofuel will offset a lot of fossile co2 . 
  maybe . 
  but the total energy in the bio-fuel from a crop will be less than the energy produced by using that space space for solar cells . 
  we 're better off just putting down solar cells everywhere . 
  take a lot less space for the same end result . 
   there are alternatives for isds , like providing an appeal in the other countries judiciary , and revising the treaty if it 's apparently not possible to interprete it consistently . 
  that would be a solution for the concern that , while isds may be impartial between countries , it can still have a pro-business and anti-public interest bias . 
  i think it would be absolutely fantastic if we could do that . 
  one of the reasons the eu functions at all is because it has a structured way to change the agreement , most trade agreements do not . 
  the wto is part of the way , simply being a multilateral rather than a bilateral treaty also makes things much easier . 
  this all smacks of world government though , so we 're not likely to make steps in that direction any time soon ... 
   but it really irks me that luxembourg and malta have ten times the meps than they should have relative to us . 
  every federation has this , germany , america , australia , etc. 
  that 's just the way it is . 
   when it comes to the name , i think that it 's good to stress where the people elected come from , like , who elects them , they already do that . 
  people are introduced as foo bar , minister from country .
