  if a regulation is n't likely to pass and they know beforehand , it does n't even reach the voting stage but is killed beforehand . 
   yeah the eu is more likely to survive the shot but it 's not really in anyone 's interest to pull the trigger . 
  wait , so this is an exercise in who blinks last ? 
  in which case the eu will win because it will need at least three summits and several emergency meetings to determine whether it 's time to blink yet . 
  the thing is , the result of the negotiation will have to be ratified by 28 parliaments , and they are on a schedule which does n't allow for much room for movement . 
  at eu level , the only speed is `` glacial '' . 
   any policy whose sole goal is n't a total shutdown of the migration flow ( and eventually all african and near east immigration , legal or illegal ) is doomed to fail . 
  it 's possible to work on multiple things at once you know . 
  while on the one hand you reduce the flows coming in , on the other hand reduce the pressure on italy . 
   all they have to do is not be trump and they get an a + and everyone loves them . 
  half the attraction of obama was that he was n't bush . 
   you get the initial wave . 
  of how many ? 
  ah , the slippery slope argument . 
  i automatically dismiss any such argument with a sample size of one . 
  you 're assuming some about the future which is not a given . 
    do you have any stats that they do ? 
    yeah . 
  anywhere between 80-90 % of muslims in america vote democrat . 
  that does n't negate my point that they do n't vote significantly differently from others of the same socio-economic status . 
  this means ( made up example , do n't know anything about us politics ) that rich muslims vote similarly to rich non-muslims and poor muslims vote similarly to poor non-muslims . 
  in other words , religion is not a factor in voting patterns . 
    there 's no `` muslim party '' for example they can vote on   well not yet perhaps , but there will be . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  seriously ? 
  the majority here are second and third generation , if they were going to vote as a block we would have noticed decades ago . 
  it turns out they are a very diverse group that , as a whole , have very little in common with respect to policy . 
  economics play a much larger role and we have several parties to cater to the various possibilities . 
   you ca n't discriminate and only provide the benefits to uk citizens . 
  but the uk is only obligated to provide benefits for people who have actual ties with the uk , living there is not enough . 
  so it 's not like people can go to the uk and ask for money . 
   really ? 
  do you have stats on that ? 
  do you have any stats that they do ? 
  certainly in our elections they did n't , mostly voting along similar lines as other people in the same socio-economic status . 
  there 's no `` muslim party '' for example they can vote on . 
  i also have n't seen any noticeable trends in other countries , but i 'm not following everything . 
  edit : there are even muslims who vote for wilders ( pvv ), 
  it 's all nice and well these companies moving here , but i wish it was n't necessary . 
   if you qualify for a citizenship in a country you migrated to you should choose if you want the new one or keep the old one . 
  if citizenship had no effect on other laws , then yes , you 'd be right . 
  in practice though , which passport ( s ) you have can determine how your inheritance will be handled , which countries you can enter , etc. 
  asking people to give up their birth nationality can be a really big deal . 
  a bit like selling the house you grew up in after your parents have died . 
  it does n't really matter , yet it does , if you know what i mean . 
   we already meet to regulatory requirements , and we wo n't cease to meet those requirements come 2019 . 
  sure , but regulations change , and unless the uk changes as well , eventually it will become illegal . 
  or uk businesses will voluntarily comply with eu law even if they are in the uk . 
  in effect , eu law will become de facto uk law , instead of the de jure . 
    if other member states see that they can get the same free trade and movement benefits without being a member , then it falls apart . 
    why would that be such a bad thing ? 
  that 's the eea and has already been ruled out . 
  full free trade means regulatory harmonisation . 
  you ca n't have full control of your laws and simultaneously full free trade . 
  they do n't want the ecj , but to make a new special court to manage uk-eu relations . 
  it does n't matter though , anything a uk business wants to do in the eu is government by the ecj , whether they like it or not . 
  so the question becomes , why does the uk give them benefits when it is not obligated to ? 
  but the number is not 40 % . 
  apparently , they do n't actually know ( or they know but wo n't say ) , the 40 % number is households where at least one parent is an immigrant , but given 7 % of brits marry a non-british person that makes it really hard to draw any conclusions from that number . 
   i agree that eu is bad at communication . 
  i feel sometimes that the eu does n't advertise itself because it feels the national governments should be doing that . 
  in reality of course , the national governments decide where the money is spent , and advertising is simply not on the list . 
  the biggest issue is that people think the eu is an entity that has a will of it 's own , whereas in reality it 's hamstring by the national governments . 
  i would welcome any move to allow the eu to control its own destiny better ( you know , so that it could decide for itself to spend money on educating people about the eu ) , but that 's a fairly federalist approach . 
   when muslims become strong enough to change them . 
  which kind of requires then vote as a block . 
  which they do n't . 
   muslims arent of european descent ( white ) and this is relevant how ? 
  the quota for hungary is 1,294 . 
  the quota for poland in 6,200 . 
  divide the cost of the referendum by that number and what do you have left ? 
  this article is mighty confusing for people who do n't follow uk politics . 
  apparently there was a sequence of votes related to the queen 's speech , and the results were not straight along party lines ? 
  for example , if all the doorbells in the eu using transformers were updated to switching power supplies we could close two 600mw power plants . 
  like 1 % of all household power consumption goes into doorbells !, 
  [ and every now and then they sign a treaty to fix the maps ] ( http://deredactie.be/cm/vrtnieuws/binnenland/1.1773332 ) . 
   but what the catalan government wants to do will not end well for anyone . 
  fact of the matter , one-sided declarations of independence never go very smoothly ... 
   so if we never took in any immigrants we would still somehow magically become a minority ? 
  within a country fertility rates vary . 
  you can project how this will work out even without immigration . 
  the question is if this is a problem . 
  50 years ago the protestants and catholics were still doing nasty things to each other and they got over it . 
  the vast majority of muslims cause no problems at all , for the rest , that 's what the law is for . 
   we had to increase our own fertility rates , that 's the problem . 
  well , that 's fairly unlikely to happen . 
  fertility rates are going down worldwide , there 's no real reason to assume that will ever change . 
   they literally only want one thing . 
  one thing that just happens to be completely uninteresting in the grand scheme of things . 
  france and germany have bigger fish to fry . 
  it 's a bit like turning up to a board meeting saying that the only thing you want is doughnuts on the lunch menu . 
  of course you 'll be ignored . 
  the amount of fuss that has been generated by a few thousand ( legitimate ) migrants is astounding . 
  for the amount of airtime that has been spent on them we could have built them all mansions . 
  come up with some actual constructive solutions rather than complaining all the time . 
   its obvious that this migration must happen because its in someones interest , it 's in everyone 's interest , because if you still want to receive a pension when you retire then there will need to be people who are still working . 
  and they are simply not going to come from the people living there now . 
  europe is showing significant negative population growth , with de with amongst the lowest . 
   despite europeans saying enough it isnt stopping at all . 
  there is certainly a very vocal group saying enough , that 's true .
