   under international humanitarian law and the rome statute , the death of civilians during an armed conflict , no matter how grave and regrettable , does not in itself constitute a war crime . 
  international humanitarian law and the rome statute permit belligerents to carry out proportionate attacks against military objectives , [ 18 ] even when it is known that some civilian deaths or injuries will occur . 
  a crime occurs if there is an intentional attack directed against civilians ( principle of distinction ) ( article 8 ( 2 ) ( b ) ( i ) ) or an attack is launched on a military objective in the knowledge that the incidental civilian injuries would be clearly excessive in relation to the anticipated military advantage ( principle of proportionality ) ( article 8 ( 2 ) ( b ) ( iv ) . 
  it does matter , as it related to international law . 
  to the last point you raise , about how there is no difference whether people are being killed with a bayonet or a bomb , i do have to raise an objection . 
  it does matter . 
  to take a hypothetical example , if you are trying to hit a munitions factory during war , which can be justifiable , and because of the imprecise nature of your weapons there is collateral civilian casualties , then that is not the same as going door to door and killing people . 
  in the former case , if more precise weapons were available , the casualties would have been avoided . 
  in the latter case , such distinctions do n't arise . 
  so , it quiet logical to say that the two cases are different , and suggesting they are not is an error in logic, 
  yeah , but no the whole atrocities in belgium during wwi were grossly exaggerated and sometimes outright lie . 
  like the one about the germans cutting off the hands of the belgians , which coincidentally is what the belgians did to the congo . 
  wwi and wwii are different altogether . 
  allowing a few thousand parents to home school their children out of millions is not going to be deterimental to society in any way . 
  in fact , it is to society 's benefit to have a diversity of education , because it will not create a homogenous population that can only think in one way about some things . 
  and it is also about freedom . 
  parents should have the freedom over how they educate their children . 
  there are romeo-juliet exceptions in most cases , where if the sex is consentual and the people involved are within 2-3 years of each other , it does n't count as rape . 
  but we are talking about an adult an a boy where the age gap is substantial . 
  that should automatically be classified as rape , imho, 
  you could import the electoral system of the us, 
  you could import the electoral system of the us, 
  really , i have n't heard of americans recommending one or the other system anywhere, 
  that is interesting . 
  i am of the exact opposite opinion because i like that i am voting for the person and not the party . 
  i personally am not too fond of party-politics , and would rather they not exist at all . 
  but given the practical necessity , i will barely tolerate them . 
  it is interesting why in europe people do n't seem to want the choice to pick the person rather than party ? 
  what ? 
  is n't any sex with a minor , by definition , rape ? 
  or are the laws in europe different on this matter ? 
  when you say `` you ca n't hurt anyone with the things you do '' in reference to free speech , i assume you are talking about emotional harm . 
  the problem with that is that it is inherently so subjective that you could n't possibly legislate it in any manner that is consistent . 
  subjective emotional harm could n't form a policy that is meant to govern everyone . 
  it is the same thing with human dignity . 
  while i would agree with you on the necessity to respect and to not violate human dignity , i am not sure how prohibiting speech that might seem to violate human dignity can be consistent , because in some regards what violated human dignity is also subjective . 
  no you are just a little green man trying to defend poland from fascism . 
  because if they take anti-putin stance , some people might actually believe them , especially some sections of the left who will have less resistance to arguments that come from the left . 
  would you rather that libya was another syria ? 
  seriously . 
  when people criticize the libyan intervention by saying libya is not paradise , they are making an empty criticism . 
  the question is what would the situation in libya have been if the west had not intervened . 
  if we look at syria , we can clearly see it would be worse . 
  do you have actual ** good evidence ** for this , or is this all some conspiracy , where the best you can give is bad circumstantial evidence . 
  well there is the authorization of the use of military force through which congress gave the president broad powers over conducting the war against terror . 
  well i personally think that the allied bombing of german cities was unjustified and unnecessary . 
  however , that does n't change the fact that when you look at the nazis , the soviets , the allied forces , neutral countries like switzerland , the ones who were better are the allies . 
  i think that in popular discourse things tend to get simplified . 
  but you ca n't expect the nuance that history requires in that type of discourse . 
  but , i doubt that there are large number of people who think the allies ' conduct during the war was perfect and beyond reproach . 
  however , just because there were some mistakes , some bad judgements , some bad decisions , does n't take away from the justice of the allied cause . 
  but more importantly though , and the reason why i thought you said that the allies were worse ( not recognizing you were german ) is that there is a significant section of the left , particularly in the us and uk , that likes to portray america and britain as the greatest cause of evil in the world . 
  these people simply can not come to recognize that there were many things that they did get right and that even though there are obvious grounds for criticism of the empire , and some interventions during the cold war , it does n't mean that america and britain can never do anything right . 
   and it is also true that we were a lot worse . 
  you are confusing being perfect , and without flaw with being good . 
  you can be flawed and still be good . 
  the way the war was conducted by the allies during wwii was not perfect . 
  but there is no doubt that the allies were the `` good '' guys . 
  the nazis bombed cities the allies bombed cities . 
  therefore the allies = nazis this is the illogic of false equivocation . 
  but you do n't just equivocate , you are saying the allies were worse . 
  that is the illogic of a moral obscurantist . 
  to be fair the hindus requested and got an exception to the swastika ban, 
  well lets not forget that this was a nato invasion , and most european nations took part in it . 
  you do know i was just quoting abraham lincoln 's words written in 1855 . 
  you ca n't update a quote . 
  `` as a nation , we began by declaring that ` all men are created equal . ', 
  we now practically read it ` all men are created equal , except negroes ' when the know-nothings ( anti-immigration party ) get control , it will read ` all men are created equal , except negroes , and foreigners , and catholics , ~ ~ and muslims and mexicans ~ ~ ' when it comes to this i should prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretense of loving liberty -- to russia , for instance , where despotism can be taken pure , and without the base alloy of hypocrisy '' abraham lincoln , 1855 . 
  the more things change the more they remain the same . 
  he majored in classical studies , i think he knows egypt from turkey . 
  but maybe he was just twisting the truth . 
  what ? 
  there are already laws regarding holocaust denial , hate speech . 
  it does n't stop holocaust denial or hate speech . 
  and when you factor in the cost of such laws on the freedom of thought and speech , given that they have no benefit to them are they really worth it ? 
  huh . 
  that sounds so familiar to what people here in america are saying . 
  is n't germany supposed to have proportional representation , which is supposed to solve the problem of a lack of a choice . 
  texas was an independent country for 10 years before it decided to join the union . 
  asking for foreign help in assisting rebellions is n't uncommon . 
  i mean , the american revolutionaries asked and got help from the french to fight the british . 
  if after that , the american colonies could have applied to join france , but simply chose not to . 
  speak english you dirty foreigner or get out of this america 's websites . 
  going from 50 % to 25 % is n't really because the us has declined . 
  its just other countries have risen ( especially the developing economies ) and while , in absolute term that does mean that the us power has declined in absolute terms , in relative term ( i.e. 
  compared to other global powers ) , the us still maintains its dominance . 
  that is going to continue on , at least for the near future . 
  america 's superpower status , at least for the next few decades , in pretty much insured . 
  it may in the near future , have to share that status with china . 
  but the us is n't going to stop being a super power for some time . 
   the eu had a higher gdp for several years . 
  china is not far behind . 
  yes but the eu is n't a country , and is n't really a world superpower . 
   there is more history and culture in most italian cities than in the whole us depends on how you define culture . 
  culturally , there is no doubt that the us is dominant . 
  its movies , music , corporations , ideas find wide appeals all around the world . 
  same can not be said of any other country . 
  english is the most wide spoken language , and continues to grow . 
  its the de facto lingua franca of the world . 
  so yes , you can pine on about the roman empire , and the renaissance , but how far you can go back into your history is not the defining characteristic of a dominant culture .
