  i do n't mean the caricatures or the stupidest things the other side says , but listening to the most intelligent , smartest , and most articulate arguments the other side has to offer . 
  as someone who has over the last few years drifted to the center right , i find that a lot of leftists angst and self wallowing is just unfounded . 
  you talk about `` free education , '' except that you find out the percent of people who go to colleges in these countries is much lower . 
  the more people that go to college the more expensive it becomes to sustain `` free education . '', 
  and the thing about free is that it is n't . 
  it 's just a question of who pays . 
  the europeans have accepted higher taxes to pay for these things . 
  in america , we have n't . 
  it is part of the value placed on independence , self-reliance , personal responsibility in the us that we are resistant to thinking that it is the responsibility of government to provide for other people . 
  i think that is a good thing because i think that independence , self reliance , and personal responsibility are important values that ought to be cultivated in society . 
  i also think the idea of entitlements is incredibly problematic . 
  if someone expects something from the government , they are expecting the government to take other people 's money and give it to them . 
  a `` right '' is something that i can exercise free from government restraints . 
  however , if i say that i have a right to `` free education , '' that is me saying that the government should force other people to pay for my education . 
  that is not a right . 
  i am an immigrant to the us , and i find some of the self flagellation from leftist circles really off putting . 
  you have created an utopia of europe that does n't exist . 
  i for one am glad that the us is not europe , and will actively fight against the europeanization of america . 
  so you are saying the eu is a dictator . 
  seems like the euroskeptics were right . 
  the alternative could have easily been to defeat the nazis and then leave poland and eastern europe instead of occupying them . 
  the american public was very much opposed to the war . 
  isolationist tendencies ran strong , and there were even filibusters attempted when the war was being declared . 
  however , germany did n't help itself with its u-boat campaign , and its messages to mexico to invade the united states . 
  without those two things , woodrow wilson would have found it very hard to get america to go to war . 
  i also do n't know what exactly germany gained from these things . 
  austria number in producing charismatic leaders named adolf, 
   your opinion is not fact . 
  denying freedom of movement was one of the key reasons of why the uk left the eu . 
  yes for freedom of movement that allowed people to stay for long periods of time . 
  i do n't think allow temporary visits would be a problem . 
  so if all you mean by freedom of movement is allowing temporary visits , then i think the u.k. will accept that type of freedom of movement . 
  so then there would be no problem for a free trade deal, 
  oh dear god . 
  you have no idea what freedom of movement means . 
  freedom of movement is the ability of someone in one eu country to move to another permanently without a visa . 
  by the very thing you cite , under ceta , the movement is temporary . 
  i do n't think the u.k. is going to deny eu citizens from temporarily going to the u.k. for business related purposes , which means you really do n't have a problem with a free trade deal there is no eu canada free movement agreement . 
  what you have cited is n't it, 
  canada does n't have freedom of movement with europe but does have a free trade deal so you are just making false statements when you say you ca n't have a free trade deal without fom . 
  no other country , whether the us , canada , china , and even the eu itself , attaches fom with free trade . 
  let 's be honest . 
  it 's america that does the heavy lifting when it comes to the english language, 
  but that js just it . 
  the infrastructure ( roads , canals , railway ) were all mostly located in the free north where there was n't slavery , while the slave south languished in all these things . 
  slavery helped the people who owned slaves , as they took their bread from other people 's labor . 
  it made the slaveholder enormously wealthy . 
  but it was feudalism , with all its characteristics . 
  a few people made out rich while the society as a whole was n't better off . 
  in comparison , [ the free labor ideology ] ( https://www.binghamton.edu/history/resources/journal-of-history/lincoln.html ) that formed the basis of norther economics was the one that made the us the economic powerhouse it is today in short it was capitalism and not slavery that brought enormous wealth to the us . 
  for counterpoint look to places like brazil and venezuela who also had slavery but languished economically, 
  if you look at slavery in economic terms , it was not a very good thing for the economy . 
  slavery made a few people very rich on the fruits of other people 's labor . 
  however , it stunted economic growth in the larger society . 
  you just have to look at the development of the north , where slavery was banned , and the south , where it existed . 
  two different economic systems developed in the two regions , free labor in the north and slave labor in the south . 
  free labor is essentially porto-capitalism , where the idea is people should be free to trade their labor either for wages or use it to develop their own industry . 
  the north was made rich , it had rapid industrialization . 
  over 90 % of the immigrants went to the north . 
  infrastructure like roads , canals , railways were overwhelmingly northern . 
  public school system was better . 
  while in the south , they did have more millionaires , the economy at large suffered . 
  it remained a largely agrarian society , with little economic development . 
  the us is so rich and powerful today because of free market , democracy , and the ingenuity of its citizens . 
  slavery , while being beneficial to the slaveholders was absolutely a drag on the society . 
  you can also look to other american colonies , like brazil , cuba where slavery also existed and yet did n't rise to the powering economic heights of the us . 
  an allegation without any evidence . 
  your whole premise is there is a cabal of evil people who do n't care about the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people , including many american soldiers , as long as they can make some money . 
  to make such a strong accusation you would think you have strong evidence . 
  except it 's all baseless conjectures and conspiracies . 
  conspiracy theories are believed by those who do not understand why the world works the way it does . 
  sometimes the invasion are just about belief in a liberal interventionist ideology , and not about the profits . 
  i have never understood this argument . 
  with the amount of money spent on wars in the middle east , it would have been just better off to buy off those countries , instead of invading them . 
  as if juncker could even claim to represent even 10 % of the eu population . 
  trump can claim at least to represent a significant portion of the population , even if it is not a majority . 
  really , you are going to use the russian revolution , which was the start of the most destructive regime in history to defend violence . 
  past performance is not indicative of future results . 
  just because the nationalist moved 17 % point in the last referendum does not mean that they will move that much in the next one . 
  there were some current polls out which put independence at essentially 45 %, 
  if you are on private property , which is what shops are , the people who own the property can set the rules of what the proper attire is there . 
  public places are a different matter . 
  its antiquated . 
  sure . 
  but , its not going to be fixed unless it starts causing some really serious sustained problems . 
  changing it would require a lot of work . 
  i did n't say that they had to operate in america . 
  but that the option was open to any company . 
  as to censorship . 
  again , this is up to the people who run these corporations . 
  if they wanted to meet you in the middle , it is up to them . 
  if they do n't , it is also up to them . 
  this is not american companies forcing down our values on europeans . 
  everyone who does n't agree with them can always opt out of using these platforms . 
   the only reason companies enforce us values is that the us force them too . 
  nope . 
  there is a very clear distinction between the government and private entities in the united states . 
  the government is bound by the constitution , and the free speech protections enshrined in it . 
  private entities are not . 
  facebook , google , twitter are completely free both in the us and globally to regulate speech on their platforms .
