  there are time , manner , and place restrictions , and then there are viewpoint prohibitions . 
  while the us does have time , place , and manner restrictions , it does not have viewpoint prohibitions . 
  i mean to protest , protestors have to obtain a permit , be designated to a certain space , and limited by time . 
  the issuing government authority can not deny these things , but the protest have to be carried out within these context . 
  now , nobody would argue that there is n't a right to protest in the us . 
  it is just that you could n't have protest anywhere , anytime , and in anyway . 
  on the other hand , the us , unlike europe , does n't prohibit any viewpoints . 
  you could say almost anything in a newspaper editorial if you said it was your opinion . 
  so if somebody wrote : i think that the government should start registering jews , and then deport them to camps , and then systematically exterminate them . 
  in all european countries , this would be illegal . 
  but in the us , this would be allowed . 
  who is going to decide what 's true and what is n't ? 
  an apolitical , impartial , completely objective institution or person does n't exist . 
  these things are inevitably going to be political , partial , and subjective . 
  as js mill said , the world of speech is n't divided into true speech and false speech , but that almost all speech occupies the middle ground with at least some partial truth to it . 
  whenever we decide to censor a particular statement , we lose the truth , even if it is only a minuscule grain of it , that that statement contains . 
  here in the us , you can spread insulting untrue facts about someone , as long as there was no malicious intent to harm . 
  it is likely that the case that are going to come up are never going to be as clear as saying getting an abortion will give you cancer . 
  suppose someone says that getting an abortion can increase the risk of infertility . 
  now , you might say that is clearly wrong and should be censored . 
  but , what if there are some medical studies that do demonstrate a link , while most others do not . 
  are you going to censor medical scientists who make this claim based on bad evidence , and faulty reasoning . 
  you might as well close down science if you are going to do that . 
  dissent , especially where strong political views are concerned , must be free of government interference . 
  i mean what next , jail the small minority of scientists who are climate skeptics ? 
  jail creationists ? 
  what about the anti-vacation advocate here in the state ? 
  that leads to serious harm . 
  should we put them in jail ? 
  what about alternative medicine advocates ? 
  jail them too ? 
  people who make false claims about immigration can also lead to harmful effects in society . 
  jail them as well ? 
  this law is so broad , so intrusive to free speech , that only logical inconsistency can save it from being terrible . 
  again you are mixing up fraud , which is not a speech , but a defined illegal act , with political advocacy . 
  entering into a voluntary transaction with another person , and lying about what that transaction entails is fraud , and is illegal . 
  expressing political views , which you might very strongly disagree with , is speech , and ought to be protected from government interference . 
  no this is not the same as a company selling products , and falsely advertising about those products . 
  nobody here is selling a product . 
  here , there is only the disemmation of ideas and opinions . 
  freedom of speech has never been freedom to say only those thing that a government body has decided are true . 
  if that is the case , then the soviet union had freedom of speech because everybody was free to say the truth , as determined by the soviet state . 
  no , if free speech is to mean anything , then government can not decide which opinions and ideas are true and which are not . 
  you bring up commercial advertisement here , but they are beside the point because it 's commercial speech , which does n't fall under the purview of free speech . 
  people have a mistaken view of free speech . 
  freedom of expression is freedom from prosecution and persecution , the expression of ideas , opinions , thoughts , and feelings . 
  commercial speech is not the expression of ideas , opinions , or feelings . 
  however , anti-abortion advocacy is , and therefore commercial speech does n't fall under the protection of free speech , but political speech , which these websites are most definitely engaging in , is protected . 
   i wish gmos were labeled in my country . 
  human being have been genetically modifying food for thousands of years . 
  the whole thing around gmo is nonsense , and it is a good thing that we do n't have strict labeling for these things because it would just be stupid . 
  and this goes for `` gluten-free '' as well . 
  i see vegetables and milk being labeled `` gluten-free '' and i just find it so ridiculous . 
  gluten is a protein only found in grains , and does not exist in milk or vegetables . 
  the food and nutrition companies did n't invent these fads , but they sure know how to profit from this . 
  and i see people clamoring onto this and its not really different , except maybe in harmful effects , to the anti-vaxers . 
  sure the modern `` peace '' has many factors , but one crucial factor is american superpower . 
  i do n't think you can remove that from discussing the current world order . 
  second , i do n't think anybody in america thinks its entitled to lead . 
  in fact , most americans do n't care about international affairs . 
  if the rest of the world wanted to go ahead with something , it is perfectly capable of doing so without american leadership . 
  but , the fact is that most nations , even collectively , do n't possess the reach , resources , and political will to do anything ( with the exception of climate change ) . 
  finally , i was n't saying the us does n't spend a lot on the military . 
  rather , i am asking what would replace us hegemony . 
  the answer is that it would be replaced by chinese and russian hegemony along with regional tinpot dictators . 
  the fact that the us spends so much on defense is why the european countries can avoid spending a lot on military . 
  i mean just look at the past . 
  for most of the past history , a strong naval force was necessary for any country that wanted to do well economically , because naval force was essential to trade . 
  without it countries ' trade would suffer . 
  today , however , international navigation with relative freedom and security is the guarantee of american naval power . 
  it is undeniable that without american naval force patrolling the seas , all countries would need to expand their naval power to protect their economic trade . 
  all the world enjoys the free navigation of international waters , which have been made possible because of american power , and yet it is something that no one really talks about . 
  you know its times like these when i seriously consider whether it would be a good idea for our president-elect to follow up on his isolationist rhetoric and to withdraw america from the world , because then i think people would have a greater appreciation for what exactly it is that the us does for the current world order . 
  i mean which navy is going to rule the waves and protect international trade , and free navigation of international waters everywhere ? 
  who is going to provide a large enough military and nuclear umbrella for the european countries to continue avoiding spend vast sums of their budgets on the military and nuclear defense ? 
  is europe really prepared to increase its spending on naval ships and military multiple-folds , while it is practicing austerity at home ? 
  many people criticize the american relations with saudi , and yes while the saudis are a terrible regime , good relations with the gulf countries allows for stable oil market . 
  the us has become relatively energy independent . 
  is the world , however , really prepared for instability in its oil supply ? 
  there a lot of countries that would like to bully their neighbors , invade them , and make trouble . 
  a lot of them do n't because of america 's projection of power . 
  are you really prepared for a world where such conflicts occur in much greater frequency than they do right now ? 
  people who think america makes the world a worse place have not asked themselves the crucial question of what would replace america as the world 's superpower , and what the world would be like without american involvement . 
  yes , we are not perfect , and we have made some mistakes , especially in latin america and the middle east , but that in no way takes away from what it has done to establish the current world order that is the most peaceful in the history of humanity . 
  without america , the world would be under the influence of putin , and china , and the strong armed dictators . 
  i do n't think most people , even those who do n't like much of us foreign policy would want to live in a world where the centers of power are russia and china and tinpot dictators willing to spend a lot on military power . 
  um we also have a lower tax burden, 
  um we also have a lower tax burden, 
  the only thing that trump made sense of in the entire campaign was when he said that either we are a country or we are not a country . 
  either the us is a sovereign nation that gets to control who gets into the us . 
  whether it decides that on economic grounds or humanitarian ground , and how many people it lets in is up to the us government . 
  the us is a nation , where its obligation to its citizens outweighs its obligation to non citizens . 
  it is also a nation with rule of law , where anyone who comes in has to follow the law . 
  if people break the law to enter the us , they do n't have the right to stay because they are economically better in us than in their own country . 
  there are 6.5 billion people in the world . 
  the us can not accommodate all of them . 
  they also do n't have the right to live in the united states . 
  it is up to the us who gets to be in the us , and not up to the people who want to come here , who have no such right and can not morally demand such right . 
  i am an immigrant to the us . 
  my family had to wait in line for 15 years to get here .
