  it is their property . 
  private entities get to decide the rules for who gets to use and how they get to use their property . 
  so the idea that the us forces companies to do this is just false . 
  the thing is , though , that the people who run these companies themselves believe in the value of free speech , and are appreciative of their platform 's reach and want to maintain it as an open forum . 
  they do this of their own volition . 
  my point , though , was that if an internet company wanted to have free speech , they could base themselves in the us , where they would n't have to follow european free speech laws . 
  unless the europeans started blocking websites and creating a firewall that would stop people from accessing american-based websites , they would n't be able to enforce their laws on the internet . 
  this is the price of globalization and the fact that the internet is a global network . 
  more offensive and hurtful speech . 
  you are n't doing yourself any favor , just expounding your crimes . 
  one of the main arguments for the eu i see in this subreddit is that in a globalized world , nation-states have diminished influence , and therefore should band together to form a more powerful block . 
  well , one of the things about globalized world is it is not possible to get away on the internet from the values of the us with regards to free speech . 
  i mean you could go the way of china and its great firewall and institute a berlin firewall . 
  but lets remember what the main function of the berlin wall was : to keep people in like prisoners . 
  good . 
  report to the nearest police center because i find you speech cancerous , offensive , insulting , and hateful . 
  turn yourself in for your crime . 
  up vote for the alliteration, 
  i am explaining the reasoning behind it, 
  socialism is the collective ownership of the means of production . 
  if the current situation is that the means of production are privately held , then the only way to go to collective ownership is through force , which does involve repression . 
  every liberal democratic country has a newspaper , news channel , or media company that can spend a lot of money advocating for their own point of view . 
  all the supreme court did was extend that right to anyone and any group of people who wanted to advocate for their own views . 
  the question was could government essentially create an artificial oligopoly , through licensing , for a select group of people to have a right to publish and disseminate their views , while prohibiting others to do the same . 
  the answer was it could n't . 
  younger than 65 could mean they are all 64 . 
  i would like to see an age breakdown, 
  you look at the map , and the countries that have higher economic freedom also are countries that are wealthier , more developed . 
  so you can say it does n't matter , but clearly there is something that links prosperity and economic freedom together, 
  are you against all wars , or those we might classify as aggressive wars , usually fought for expansion of land , resources , and influence ? 
  there are some wars that are clearly necessary , like a defensive war , or wwii , or nato 's intervention in this crisis . 
  the alt-right does that . 
  it 's unfair to include anyone who is on the right because that would include people like david cameron , mitt romney , etc. 
  who would never condone such things, 
  [ relevant video ] ( https://youtu.be/6gz5ud1hfm4?t=33m7s ) the idea of the nation-state is not local . 
  while they may not locally have a lot of immigrants , that does n't mean that they are n't concerned about immigration at the national level . 
  there is a difference between the legal and monetary obligation that a nation might have , which can always be got rid of , and moral responsibility which is usually talked about with regards to things like these . 
  as thomas paine said , no generation can bind forever future generations , with laws , obligations , etc. 
  if the current generation do n't like the current system of the us , they can always opt to get rid of it and institute new ones that suit their need . 
  collective responsibility is a nonsense idea . 
  i think what we can do is acknowledge and learn from the past and work towards a world where those mistakes do n't happen . 
  but it makes no sense to morally blame someone for what somebody else did . 
  hitler is not calling poland part of western europe . 
  he is referring to western democracies - france , britain , and the us - weak . 
  i mean he basically names the three totalitarian dictators as strong , and the liberal democracies as weak . 
  is the jersey shore like our jersey shore, 
  or the communication director of the opposition leader in british parliament . 
  seems like the schulz train has lost its steam . 
  i would support the replacement of corporate income taxes by raising the taxes on dividends , capital gains , and individual income taxes . 
  corporate income taxes are terrible way to collect revenue for the government . 
  they provide about 10 % of the total revenue , require a lot of resources to be collected , developed a complex system of tax avoidance and loopholes , easily avoided in a globalized world . 
  ultimately , you have to realize that corporate profits go to individuals who own the corporation . 
  in fact , if you have a retirement fund , you are paying the highest rate of corporate income tax because you have ownership of giant corporations through the fund . 
  taxing individual income can replace corporate income tax and be better for collecting revenue . 
  the russians warned the us about tsarnev brothers who did the boston marathon bombing . 
  so if two enemies like us and russia can share intel regarding terrorism , why ca n't friends . 
  terrorism is usually against civilians . 
  guerilla warfare against occupying armies . 
  says the guy with the name james . 
  presidential elections happen every four year on the first tuesday of november . 
  house of representatives are elected on the first tuesday of november every two years , and senators every six years . 
  this is set in the constitution , and it may as well be set in stones made of diamonds . 
  if mike pence is also impeached , then the presidency moves down the line . 
  the line of succession goes from president to vice president , to speaker of the house , to president of the senate , to members of the cabinet in order of the seniority of their office . 
  do n't worry too much . 
  america is going to lower its corporate income tax and we are going to another great migration from ireland to the us . 
  the eu likes to bill itself as a democracy . 
  if having a system where one person one vote is not valid makes something not a democracy , then the eu where one person one vote is not valid is not a democracy . 
  its not a false analogy . 
  the analogy works fine even if the eu is neither a federal state or a sovereign nation . 
  but there is such a thing as unmanageable debt . 
  if you have a lot of debt and your economy is n't growing and on top of that you add more debt , that is recipe for disaster . 
   [ the apportionment of seats in the eu parliament is not proportional to each state 's population , nor does it reflect any particular mathematical formula ... the process can be compared to the composition of the electoral college used to elect the president of the united states of america in that , pro rata , the smaller state received more places in the electoral college than the more populous states . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apportionment_in_the_european_parliament ) luxembourg and malta get 1 mep per about 80,000 inhabitants . 
  france , spain , uk , and germany get 1 mep per about 850,000 inhabitants . 
  this gives , relative to population luxembourg and malta 10 times more representation than france and germany . 
  compare this with the us , where wyoming gets 1 electoral vote per 170,000 inhabitants , while texas gets 1 electoral vote per 715,000 inhabitants . 
  that is a ratio of 4 , much less than the distortion of the eu parliament . 
  after wwii , britain 's debt to gdp ratio was around 200 % . 
  they never paid it back . 
  the economy grew so much that the ratio just shrunk . 
  you should compare like with like in financial metrics . 
  so you do n't compare revenue from one with customer with your profits . 
  you compare your revenue from one customer with either total revenue or revenue from other customers . 
  this is because profit = revenue-cost . 
  what is the cost of that greek revenue ? 
  part of it is going to involve daily operations of the imf . 
  so it 's quiet meaningless to compare one source of revenue to op profit . 
  european parliament 's mps are not apportioned one person one vote . 
  well , not popularly known . 
  but i have seen him on plenty of news programs , institutions . 
  the us army that existed just before april 1861 , when the civil war began . 
  robert e. lee was offered the command of the union army by lincoln , but declined when virginia seceded . 
  a lot of the army best officers went over to the confederacy when the war broke out because so many of them were southerners . 
  also , you have to remember that in 1860 the whole us army was about 13,000 . 
  by the end 3 million had been enlisted on both sides . 
  even if texas has plays an outsized role in the current us military , more people can always enlist , especially if it is to preserve the union and the republic . 
  is every vote in the eu institutions equal ? 
  next you are going to tell me that the brits came up with the war on christmas and not the godless american liberals . 
  the people are sovereign and not the states .
