  but what happens when the other side gets into power . 
  what happens when there is a minority group that the majority group does have malice towards , and goes on to use `` abuse of free speech '' excuse to curtail the minorities ' free speech rights ? 
  the only way to avoid this is to have as great as possible protections for free speech . 
  blaming the rise of nazism on free speech is like blaming the small pox on cities . 
  sure the environment of cities makes epidemic more likely , but proposing to destroy and dismantle cities as a guard against future epidemics is really stupid . 
  more , importantly you ignore the actual causes of an epidemic , which are contagious bugs , bad sanitation , etc. 
  similarly , the nazis did use words to gain some influence . 
  however you are actually ignoring the causes which allowed them to rise to power . 
  like the depression , wwi and treaty of versailles , nationalism , racism . 
  compared to them , free speech played an almost insignificant role in the rise of nazis . 
  it was mostly that hilary clinton was hated throughout the country , except for the core democratic voters . 
  i think the lack of a hated french presidential candidate against mlp will mean she will have a much harder time convincing people to go for her in the second round . 
  i mean if your choice is between two evils , people chose what they thought was lesser of evils , and sometimes that meant trump . 
  but since macron is n't at that level , i think it will mostly be fine . 
  well , the us is a country , the federal government of the united states is a government and not a league . 
  the people are sovereign and not the states , which means that only `` we the people of the united states of america '' could break up the union ( i.e. 
  states did n't have the right to unilaterally secede . 
  the european union , on the other hand , is not a country . 
  ultimate sovereignty does n't reside in a singular people of europe , but is retained by the member states . 
  any member state can unilaterally decide to leave the european union and the eu . 
  in fact that is what is going to happen with the uk leaving . 
  the union between england and scotland , or the spanish republic is different . 
  if scotland is become independent , it will have to do so through an act by the parliament at westminster , where uk 's sovereignty resides . 
  if catalonia would like to be independent , it would have to happen through the spanish state . 
  if you have to threaten people who leave your club , what kind of a club are you ? 
  i know of a half-scottish man who says he 's very good at building walls and making others pay for it . 
  he did it in his golf course in scotland . 
  he build walls and fences around the houses of people who would n't sell him their houses and sent them the invoice . 
  maybe he might help scotland with rebuilding hadrian 's wall, 
  the virgina state symbol is a man holding a decapitated head with `` sic semper tyrannus '' ( thus always the tyrants ) written on the bottom . 
  i think the spiegels cover is playing on that except instead of tyranny being defeated , its liberty that is being beheaded . 
  operation liberty cabbage !, 
  #germanydoesnotremember !, 
  do n't worry majority of americans do n't like trump . 
  nobody is forcing any country to be part of nato . 
  the only reason that nato is primarily staffed by americans is because americans provide over 2/3rd of its funding . 
  it does n't take away from the fact that most nato countries participated in the war in afghanistan , including france , germany , poland , etc. 
  and yes , uk 's involvement in iraq war was done by a vote in parliament where the parliament voted for military action . 
  the us did n't put up any sort of coercion on the mps of u.k. to vote for the war . 
  it was their own decision . 
  the common long form of date is like that . 
  we usually say january 1st , 2017 . 
  so it makes sense to go mm/dd/yyyy, 
  `` dragged . '', 
  afghanistan was a nato endeavour , all nato countries took part in it . 
  the u.k. chose to go to iraq . 
  nobody dragged it into it . 
  it did so of its own free volition . 
  he was n't making fun of religious people , so much as rationalizing disagreements as others clinging to their religion . 
  obama himself , at least to me , seems religious . 
  he attended church regularly , knows quiet a lot about christian doctrine , and has not made any statement that proves strong atheist belief, 
   if americans were more exposed to conservative islamic wear in their day to day lives i 'm not so sure they would be taking the moral high ground . 
  i do n't think so . 
  even if you look at tolerance for offensive and hateful speech , you will see that american attitude tends to be much more accepting of offensive and hateful speech than europeans . 
  i think this opinion is in line with the much greater valuing of freedom of speech and expression , then a statement about exposure to conservative islam . 
  well then what is the purpose of hate speech laws , if not to promote societal harmony ? 
  why even have them ? 
  how consistently is this applied ? 
  to my knowledge , the bible and koran still remain widely available in france . 
  to be consistent , and show that the principle of censorship is not arbitrary and applied politically , you would have to ban the bible and the koran given the hatred contained within them . 
  the us is a democratic republic . 
  anybody who suggests that it is an oligarchy has been taken in by exaggerations and hyperboles , resulting in a stretched view of the reality of american democracy . 
  also , let 's talk about the actual content of the constitution , rather than engage in the oldest and most abused fallacy - that the truth of something is determined by the character of the person saying it . 
  yes the constitution was written by old white property owing males . 
  but that does n't mean that the bill of rights is not one of the best defense of individual liberty . 
  it does n't mean that the separation of powers and checks and balances are ineffective concepts . 
  it does n't mean that a constitution drafted by almost a paranoid obsession against tyranny is somehow completely moot now that trump is elected . 
  people have really misunderstood this ruling . 
  1 ) in the ruling , cheif justice holmes gave an example of where he thought speech could be restricted , like falsely shouting fire in a crowded theater . 
  just for context , he was drawing an analogy with people gave out anti-war leaflets as being equivalent to shouting fire in a crowded theater . 
  i mean you can already see how you could abuse the reasoning . 
  more importantly though , the ruling did n't establish a binding law that made shouting fire falsely in a crowded theater illegal . 
  it was just justification , as a hypothetical example , to show you could limit speech . 
  2 ) supreme court decisions are many times overturned . 
  even holmes drew back from this ruling later on . 
  schenck v us is no longer the law of the land in the same way that plessy v ferguson that said racial segregation was legal is law of the land . 
  citing this case to argue free speech law is as dubious as citing dread scott decision , which said a black man had no right a white man was bound to respect , could be used to argue against anti discrimination laws . 
  what is the difference ? 
  i usually have a very difficult time taking proponents of hate speech seriously because their position tends to be so full of holes . 
  i mean one the biggest instigator of hatred and hate speech is religion . 
  pick up and bible and see the hate it spews towards gays , non-believers . 
  yet hate speech advocates do n't propose banning the bible and the koran . 
  why are hate speech laws necessary ? 
  supposedly because it would result in a more harmonious society . 
  well could you give me an example of a country where hate speech laws have led to a more harmonious society ? 
  does people in europe have the `` freedom to dissent '' on the issue of the holocaust ? 
  this is false . 
  the us is not more an oligarchy than the rest of the `` west . '', 
  also , a tyranny of the majority is something that is not `` two steps away . '', 
  the us constitution was set up precisely as an anti-majoritarian foundation . 
  it was to protect the smallest minorty , the individual , from having their rights trampeled by the majority . 
  you can break down criticism of israel into anti-semitic criticism and non anti-semitic criticism . 
  reasonable israels critics many time do n't recognize that there is anti-semitic criticism and that they themselves might sometimes unwittingly engage in it . 
  israel advocates sometimes do n't recognize that there is non anti-semitic criticism of israel . 
  it 's a problem of communication that might be solvable if the issue were n't so contentious, 
  fillion is a thatcherite , well in that case i do n't why people are struggling over who to vote for . 
  even happy with trump ? 
  false equivalency . 
  it 's like saying that somebody who sometimes drive over the speed limit , and somebody who drives drunk are the same because they both broke traffic laws . 
  show me the law that says that that specific act is legally prohibited , specifically by the government in public spaces .
