  never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity/ignorance / incompetency . 
  you fight fire with water . 
  go to india , and you find swastikas everywhere . 
  i hear swabian housewives are wonderful . 
  is it true ? 
   i 'd like to have your examples of these armed peasants who managed to avoid tyranny in history . 
  umm ... 
  the american revolution . 
  but not so difficult with vehicles, 
  when was it ever great , to be made so again ? 
  make france vichy ( russian edition ) again sounds better . 
  i first heard it from boris de pffeffer johnson , during an intelligence squared debate about rome vs greece . 
   putin got assad to dump his chemical weapons like the munich agreement , this was an agreement that was n't . 
  assad still used chemical weapons after russia `` supposedly '' got assad to get rid of his chemical weapons , proving once again that agreements between autocrats do n't carry much weight . 
  so basically con the public into supporting integration , when they would n't otherwise . 
  we already won . 
  you 're using a `` zee '' instead of an `` s. '', 
  if the french move to quebec , would it mean that the queen would be their head of state ? 
  ethnic cleansing has a meaning . 
  it means a systematic killing of a population because of ethnicity . 
  i wish people would stick to this definition , which is not only the dictionary definition , but also how most people understand ethnic cleansing . 
  you can criticize israel for many things , but ethnic cleansing is n't one of them . 
  instead of strengthens your argument , using such hyperbolic rhetoric serve no other purpose than to weaken the meaning of the term . 
  but that is the thing . 
  geographically the homicides occur in a very small area . 
  like i said , even in chicago , the violence is not evenly spread , but exist almost exclusively in a few pockets and neighborhoods . 
  yes . 
  i live in chicago , which has one of the highest homicide rate in the country . 
  the difference between the north side and the south side is immense . 
  pretty much most of the homicides in chicago occur in the south and south west . 
  if you go outside of chicago , then the murder rate would be pretty much similar to what you might get in europe . 
  so yes , if you took away a few areas , the rest of the map would be a much lighter shade of blue . 
  it 's called june 23 . 
  uk independence day . 
  people who believe that by suicide they will reach paradise . 
  there are such things as individual rights , and there is such a thing as a democratic tyranny . 
  majorities can not just vote and take away inalienable right of the minority ( and the individual is the smallest minority ) . 
  the right to freedom of speech is protected from interference from the majority . 
  if freedom of speech is to mean anything , it must be that freedom to say the least popular thing . 
  i mean , in a democracy protection for popular things would be redundant . 
  if a view is only held by 0.1 % of the population , then the necessity to protect the right to express that view takes on extra significance because it such a tiny majority . 
  as to the right to dignity and equality , equality is to be treated equally before the law . 
  however , words and views can not infringe on anybody 's equality . 
  dignity meanwhile is a rather ambiguous concept . 
  i am a kantian , and i believe everyone has inherent human dignity . 
  however , i do n't think that speech in any way infringes on that dignity , because the dignity is not external to us ( i.e. 
  based on how other people view us ) but rather it is internal . 
  one of the other things is does censorship really protects people 's dignity and equality ? 
  does hate speech produce a more harmonious society ? 
  the evidence is clearly lacking . 
  curtailing speech , in no way , addresses any of the concerns about harmonious society and such . 
  there is not a country on earth that has achieved harmony by application of hate speech laws . 
   where and when ? 
  1938 - 1945 does n't count . 
  holocaust denial , in almost all european countries , punishes a different opinion and thought on the holocaust ( even if it is a wrong opinion , people are being jailed for holding and expressing opinions ) . 
  hate speech laws are also common in europe , where people are arrested , fined , and jailed for saying hateful thoughts - that is a thoughtcrime . 
   when is the last time this happened ? 
  umm , you are commenting on an article where someone was convicted for insulting people . 
  now , expressing opinions about immigration and immigrants from morocco ( however distasteful that opinion might be ) should not be something the government should punish you for . 
  and yet , it was punished . 
  in sweden , reading some passages from the bible or the koran ( ones that relate to homosexuality ) is illegal and prohibited . 
  freedom of worship is coming under attack under europe 's anti-free-speech regime . 
  in the uk , you have people who are arrested for saying homosexuality is a sin . 
  that is a thoughtcrime . 
  do n't tell me i am being disingenuous about the state of free speech in europe . 
  it is pretty bad , and people have been fined , arrested , and jailed for something that should never have been criminal in the first place . 
  thoughtcrime is a reality that most european countries have . 
  thoughts are being punished , and certain thoughts are prohibited by men with the guns of the government . 
  so you think there is a right to not be offended ? 
  does that mean you support laws that would ban the drawing of offensive cartoons ? 
  what about people saying offensive things about religion ? 
  you ca n't possibly be consistent with the whole , `` freedom from offense '' thing because offense is inherently a subjective thing . 
  you can not from an objective law on the basis of subjective feelings . 
  `` nobody is getting for arrested for stating their opinions or thoughts . '', 
  so could i state an opinion that some specific immigrant group is bad for the country and should be deported ? 
  no , european speech laws frequently punish opinion and thoughts . 
  that is why it is so bad , because people are arrested for thoughtcrime . 
  and the more important thing is that there is absolutely no benefit from these laws . 
  they do n't do any of things they purport to claim to achieve . 
  `` nobody is getting for arrested for stating their opinions or thoughts . '', 
  so could i state an opinion that some specific immigrant group is bad for the country and should be deported ? 
  no , european speech laws frequently punish opinion and thoughts . 
  that is why it is so bad , because people are arrested for thoughtcrime . 
  and the more important thing is that there is absolutely no benefit from these laws . 
  they do n't do any of things they purport to claim to achieve . 
  `` the right to not be hurt '' i mean sure , we can all agree that physical violence is objectively bad and should be prohibited . 
  but the problem is when you start talking about being emotionally hurt . 
  emotional harm is simply unlegislatable because it is so subjective . 
  you could say the same thing to two people , and one would n't mind it while the other might find it incredibly offensive . 
  subjective feelings can not be the basis for objective laws . 
  in addition , freedom of speech is central to every other freedom you have . 
  in a cartesian sense , the freedom of thought is the first freedom , and freedom of speech is an extension of that . 
  with freedom of speech , you can advocate for all other freedoms . 
  democratic discourse is entirely dependent on it . 
  even if every other freedom is taken away , you can use speech to advocate for them . 
  however , if free speech is restricted , then it is not possible to advocate for any other freedoms . 
  so freedom of speech is the foundational cornerstone of a liberal democracy , and should be rightly held over all other freedoms . 
  over 7/10 american men . 
  its about harm . 
  i am not a lawyer , but from what i know , you can break down speech laws into two categories .
