you mean you stole the spices . 
  that is what i thought about us election system too . 
  but look at what happened . 
  it was deliberately designed that way . 
  during the constitutional convention , rural areas and small states felt that in a strict popular vote , their voices would be reduced since most of the population would be concentrated in the urban areas and the big states . 
  so there were two innovations - the senate which grants 2 senators per state , regardless of state sizes , and the electoral college , which meant that rural areas would continue to have sizeable influence in the national elections . 
  all the things about us democracy that seem anachronistic were deliberated and designed with careful considerations . 
  each state gets one vote , so there would be a total of 50 votes . 
  the congressional delegation from the states determine who the state would vote for , so whoever has the majority of the state 's congressional seats would get to decide the vote, 
  i take warren buffets 's line that america has never been greater than it is today , and it is going to be greater still . 
  trump or no trump , the republic will not just survive , but it will thrive . 
  they were a lot of blank votes in that election because the ballot was engineered to not have the most popular option - to continue remaining a commonwealth . 
  the two options were independence and statehood . 
  most people do n't want either one . 
  and so you had a lot of people who intentionally left it blank as protest . 
  congress should reject the petition and tell puerto rico to have a referendum with all 3 options and if statehood , then gets a majority , then they might become a state, 
  dc has representation for the presidency . 
  puerto rico does n't want statehood . 
  if america started using iso and the metric system , and behaving like every other country , it would n't be exceptional any longer . 
  this is just part of american exceptionalism and the world will just have to get used to it . 
  this is june 11 in estonia ? 
  if this is what it 's like in the summer month , i would hate to find out what it was like in november . 
  i am poor and i am anti high-taxation , so i guess i hate myself . 
  who is going to arrest them ? 
  here the question of sovereignty is paramount . 
  no recognized government has authority or sovereignty of the areas controlled by isis . 
  since there is no such authority , no arrests could be issued that could be expected to be carried out . 
  if these people were still in britain , the question would obviously be different . 
  the british state exercises the authority in the uk , and as such in the uk the state could just go and arrest them . 
  it could also expect to arrest them in friendly countries with which it has extradition treaty . 
  for those state who would refuse , the uk would pretty much be limited in what it could do . 
  i would say assassination in these cases would be wrong . 
  however , they are in a war zone , where the uk is engaged militarily . 
  they are fighting for britain 's enemy and thus they are absolutely legitimate target for attack . 
  so in a war you can only kill soldiers who you meet on the battlefield , you could n't bombard a military encampment from the air ? 
  i do n't think that is right . 
  the battlefield is whole of isis controlled areas . 
  if they are in syria and iraq , they are legitimate targets . 
  if they were in france or germany , they should be arrested and tried . 
  i think that is quiet clear . 
  but they are in the `` field . '', 
  but the british are still engaged militarily in iraq , and they have all the right to take out enemy combatant . 
  these people are not mere dissidents . 
  they joined a death cult . 
  this is entirely different . 
  why ? 
  because it 's too expensive and somewhere else would be cheaper . 
  you want the state to provide for people to live wherever they want is simply unrealistic and counterproductive, 
  technically its not the `` same . '', 
  if we would n't blame germans today for their nazi past , i do n't see why dm should n't get the same treatment . 
  so netherlands is not bound by the echr ? 
  something can be antiseptic and still be protected as free speech just as something can be racist and still be protected as free speech . 
  there is no continent called `` america . '', 
  there are continents called north america and south america , but none that is just `` america . '', 
  in common usage america is another name used for a country called the united states of america , whose citizens are called `` americans . '', 
  if people want to refer to generalized parts , they will say the americas , north america , south america , central america , or latin america . 
  the usage of america to refer to a continent ( which one ? ), 
  is almost non-existent . 
  the fact that i have to elaborate this for you is just annoying and your question was annoying because i think you got exactly to what i was referring . 
  spanish is not going to be the most spoken language in the us . 
  that simply is not going to happen , and take it from a non-hispanic immigrant to the us . 
  today the biggest cohort of immigrants come from asia . 
  what 's more is that hispanics are only part of the immigration . 
  besides that you have the phenomenon that as generations go by , the ethnic groups tend to lose their language . 
  the first generation usually speak spanish and very little english . 
  the second generation can speak both , and by the third generation , the number of people who can speak spanish has declined considerably . 
  english is going to remain the unofficial language of us , and of the world . 
  the momentum it has is just too large to be tackled . 
  you are forgetting america . 
  so all those mocking of christianity that pervades the west do n't exist ? 
  lets be honest here . 
  christianity is mocked continuously and all the time . 
  however , the same type of mockery is frowned upon by a certain section of the left when it comes to islam . 
  the people in the roman republic used to always look to the past and its founding as the time when people were the most virtuous and most upstanding and the republic was at its best . 
  they thought that the republic has been degenerating ever since . 
  however , that did n't make the roman republic weak in any ways, 
  all countries is a pretty broad term . 
  outside of chinese gangs , i do n't know a lot of asian gangs in the us . 
  1 ) the state should only interfere in parenting in cases of physical or gross emotional abuse . 
  bad parenting that does n't involve that kind of abuse is not a basis on which state interfernece can be allowed . 
  there is a type of parenting called the tiger-mom parenting that was hugely controversial here . 
  it focuses on the children 's successes and achievement and takes a very aggressive and competitive outlook towards a child 's upbringing . 
  for many , this type of parenting can be not very good for the child . 
  under your terms , about how the state can intervene it something is `` detrimental '' for the child , you think this would be justifiable . 
  but that is simply giving too much power to the state . 
  to repeat , bad parenting would have to cross a very clearly defined line in order to qualify for state interference , and not teaching them evolution does n't cross that line . 
  2 ) it was a radical idea in the late eigteenth century , that not only should offensive and bad speeches and ideas be allowed , but that society actually benefits from those ideas . 
  the clearest argument is found in the works of j.s. 
  mill and milton . 
  essentially , mill argues that we should allow the deepest and most dearly held beliefs to be questioned , because that way we prevent dogmatism , sharpen our ideas , and move closer to the truth if the claims of society are cross examined under the tightest of scrutiny . 
  people do n't have to be einstein to be good for society . 
  every society needs its skeptics , its deviants . 
  people who refuse to accept the social gospels . 
  this is why diversity of views , ideas , life experiences is a good thing . 
  i would rather that the state not enforce a homogenous upbringing for its future citizens . 
  this is why i used a hypothetical example , that is entirely possible within our world , to illustrate the moral distinction between intentional targeting of civilians vs one in which they are casualties of legitimate military operation . 
  i personally do n't think that the allied bombings of cities during wwii was morally justifiable . 
  but that is besides the point in this argument . 
  you made a claim and i thought that claim was erroneous . 
  i did n't use an example because then we would get bogged down in the particulars of that example and miss the point i wanted to get across .
