  but someone can just cross the border illegally and they will get the same status as me ? 
  that is just completely unfair . 
  illegal immigrant ion is the one area where i think the us does have to control its border . 
  there are no federal libel laws to be opened up . 
  worrying about trump delivering on his rhetoric is just not something you ought to worry about . 
  i am more concerned about the cronyism , the conflict of interest , using the office of the president for personal enrichment , and appointing incompetent and ill informed people to the cabinet . 
  well you might be getting that with trump . 
  of course you would need to spend more on military in that case , and i think europeans like not having to spend vasts sums of money on the military that they can then spend on other things . 
  congress can definitely force the president , or rather oblige him with a congressional act , to use military force against someone . 
  so if one of the nato nations is attacked , and trump does n't want to do anything , congress can pass a bill saying the president has to provide military assistance . 
  but what is the legalization and acceptance of homosexuality have to do with increased immigration and open borders ? 
  what ? 
  someone is sour because finland beats netherlands again ,, 
  not even in authoritarian countries does it work . 
  but it also goes to show you the difficulty of censorship in liberal democracies , which would have to be weak and hence not very effective at all . 
  the checks and balances work just fine . 
  i prefer my executive to be separate and independent from the legislative branch . 
  the fact of the matter is that the type of political parties that exist in a westminster system have enormous centralization where the leader of the party and parties ' central authorities have most of the power . 
  i dislike systems that are based like that . 
  always, 
  they are called hoosiers . 
  it does n't . 
  indianan ? 
  he was an american . 
  what percentage of czechs go to university ? 
  i suspect that if more than 50 % went to university , free college would cease to exist even in czechia, 
  listen to livingstone 's speech after the london terror attacks when he was mayor . 
  then listen to livingstone 10 years later about the same attacks . 
  after the attacks he was resolute and unequivocally condemned the terror attacks and now he has gone of the deep end . 
  yes , i would say he was saner back then based on that, 
  have a story involving migrants and the far right comes flooding in . 
  more americans died during the civil war than all other wars american has fought since the revolutionary war combined . 
  but one of the facts that people do n't remember is that while the total deaths in the american revolutionary war were not that high , proportionally they were the greatest, 
  `` popular '' is it really ? 
  i thought anti- nato sentiments were the purview of the far left in germany . 
  so america should n't sanction russia right now because then europe wo n't be able to sanction russia in the future . 
  again , that seems to make little sense . 
  if europe wanted to sanction russia , it would be supportive of the american sanctions . 
  the fact that they oppose points to the fact that europe would n't sanction russia anyways . 
  so talking about the hindering of sanctions ability when there is very little indication that that ability is going to be used , and especially when the ability is supposedly hindered by american sanctions , makes little sense . 
  how does sanction hinder the ability of europe to put sanctions on russia ? 
  that is just illogical . 
  south korea and japan can just refuse if they think this is just about american ambition only . 
  the fact that they do n't is proof enough . 
  well i am obviously not a lawyer . 
  but i would think that `` wanting to go to desperate measures to try and save your child even if it is hopeless '' obviously does n't fall under the legal definition of child abuse . 
  i could be wrong . 
  but i do n't think i am and i am perfectly willing to hear counterpoints . 
  now about comparing to faith healing . 
  this is fundamentally flawed comparison . 
  faith healing comes in situation in which a medical condition is not treated with modern medicine . 
  this case was n't about parents not willing to take modern medicine , but of them willing to go even with experimental treatment . 
  finally , i just disagree that it is up to you or a bureaucrat to decide this moral question on behalf of other people . 
  i am a liberal in the classical sense . 
  as a liberal pluralist i believe that individuals , and not the state , should decide difficult moral questions like this . 
  the most fundamental freedom in a liberal society is freedom of conscience . 
  it offends my liberal sentiments when i see the conscience of these parents being violated because the state has seen fit to decide the moral question of `` what life is and is n't worth living . '', 
  it is not up to them to decide that question for their child and it is n't up to you to decide that question and it is n't up to me to decide that question . 
  this is not child abuse . 
  child abuse has a narrow legal definition . 
  if we are to broaden child abuse so that what are essentially medical treatments are treated as child abuse then we have debased what child abuse means . 
  there was neither negligence nor intent to mistreat someone here . 
  in fact the parents were motivated by the feeling of love and care for doing what they did . 
  if what is motivated by such deep feeling is to be treated as child abuse , then we may do away with child abuse all together . 
  doctors are medical experts . 
  they can tell you what the medical condition is , what quality of life you can expect , what the treatment options are , what likelihood of success to those treatments are . 
  but they are no more qualified to make moral decision on behalf of other people than a priest or a bureaucrat . 
  i fully accept that the doctors were right in saying that charlie 's medical condition did n't have any ailment , that the treatment would n't work , and even in the slim chance that it did , the brain damage suffered would be permanent and debilitating . 
  however , they ought not to decide that charlie 's life was `` not worth living , '' nor should bureaucrats forcibly prevent the parents from seeking out desperate measures that would obviously fail . 
  but the legal right is the country extending a helping hand . 
  that is what the gratitude ought to be showed for , because they have a legal right that germany grants them which many countries do n't . 
  they could have been denied entry at the border . 
  germany decided no , and to accept them . 
  gratitude that someone extended a helping hand to help you when you were in dire circumstances . 
  if it 's just subjective preferences , what use is arguing about it ? 
  what use is politics in matters of subjective experiences ? 
  the whole point of arguments and debates is that we can appeal to some sense of objective standard , usually through reason , that we can have a discussion around and reach agreements . 
  russia does bad things is objectively true or it is n't true . 
  saying , our it is only our subjective narrative that construes russia that way might be or might not be true . 
  but in order to suggest that the current narrative about russia in the west is misguided is to appeal to some objective fact about russia , which would be true regardless of the narrative . 
  whether that fact is the better lives of western citizens or some other metric , it is there . 
  narratives are not completely removed from facts . 
  this is the part that is confusing when you say we ca n't say russia is bad or good , because those things are subjective . 
  of course we can say those things , and they might or might not be true depending on what actually is the case . 
  it is fine to say russia is bad when it does what it does to ukraine . 
  it is fine to say that eastern european countries have a legitimate fear of russia . 
  these are facts , and based on these fact people make a claim that russia is bad because the facts show it to be the case . 
  if these facts were n't true than the narrative would be false . 
  that does n't mean we have abandoned concepts of good and bad , only mistaken in thinking one thing good or bad . 
  in the same post where you reject objective morality ( conception of good and bad ) you appeal to it when talking about `` leading better lives . '', 
  you berate people for a narrative that portrays russia as evil . 
  implicit in that is the idea that there is a good narrative and a bad one or a better one . 
  this is always the problem with all kinds of relativists . 
  you frequently run into contradictions that are inescapable in life . 
  84.48 % of statistics are made up on the spot . 
  a typical british understatement . 
  its about where you draw the line . 
  if i am asked to do something i do n't want at a job , or think might be bad but is still within reason , then i do n't see why i would n't do those things if it meant keeping my job . 
  now i would like to think that my line is with clear unethical and immoral request . 
  but things i think are n't in the best interest of the company but are also not unethical are perfectly fine .
