  obscenity is also allowed in the us , the only thing is that it is restricted in some contexts , which is also the case for a lot of speech , where time , manner , and place restrictions are possible , but outright prohibition is not . 
  i tried to search what happened with the bible burning case , but i could n't . 
  the us supreme court has already ruled in 1989 that burning of symbols was constitutionally protected , and it seems to me that the arizona laws were clearly unconstitutional in this case . 
  finally , most advocates of censorship always make the circular argument that since there is no such thing as free speech , there ought to no such thing as free speech . 
  that is what you do whenever you use one type of censorship to argue for other type of censorship . 
  it 's just illogical . 
  when it comes to hate speech laws , what i would say is 1 ) they do n't work 2 ) they are unjustifiable intrusion into freedom of conscience , thought , and expression because they punish people for expressions of ideas , opinions , and feeling 3 ) they are too broad and vague and open to abuse and 4 ) they are always used by political majorities to attack political minorities . 
  showing us that hate speech laws can not be enforced apolitically . 
  think of what you said in terms of criminal justice . 
  we usually say support the process regardless of the outcome . 
  by your logic , if we thought someone was guilty of a crime , then we should only support the justice system if it finds that person guilty and not if it does n't . 
  one of the things criminal justice system show us is precisely the importance of the process and method and system and not particular outcomes that come from that . 
  these systems/methods/processes are there because human beings are just very bad at things , and these things help us minimize those bad things . 
  think of the scientific process . 
  it 's the process that is of utmost importance that allows science to be good and not particular outcomes of an experiment . 
  but there are disagreement about what right individuals have that ought not to be abridged . 
  some people have suggested that a life free from fear and discomfort is an individual right . 
  but that is just ridiculous . 
  some suggest that free healthcare is n't an individual right while others assert it is . 
  i was not saying that stalin was a fascist . 
  i am saying the accusation of fascism from the left for people on the right is as common as accusation of communism from the right for people on the left . 
  marxist extremist is to the right what fascist extremist is to the left . 
  people on the left describe anyone to the left of lenin a fascist and people on the right describe anyone to the right of margaret thatcher as marxist/communist, 
  did mexico pay to build it ? 
  if not , i recommend you seek a blonde haired old man who i hear will get mexico to pay you . 
  food banks = / = starvation . 
  what they show is civil society providing a safety net for its members . 
  my point was starvation was n't really going to happen in 21st century france , so your point about its coercive effect was moot . 
  what is the difference between a free market and capitalism ? 
  countries that have practiced free market economics have fared significantly better than countries with centrally planned economics . 
  it 's very easy to prove this when you look at history over the past 2-3 centuries . 
  you mean to tell me france does n't have a welfare state that is there precisely to provide people a safety net ? 
  capitalism is an economic system that is practices the world over . 
  you can see its success over history . 
  a fundamental feature of liberal free market capitalism is the rule of law . 
  is there a lot of that in russia ? 
  slavery is involuntary by definition . 
  employment , on the other hand , is a voluntary contract between the employer and employee . 
  all this talk of `` wage slavery '' is just nonsense . 
  it could all just turn out so that macron is to liberalism what hollande was to socialism . 
  the u.k. is a sovereign nation that makes it own decision . 
  if it chooses to align itself with the us , that is not being somebody 's pet because that decision was made by themselves and not anybody else . 
  tell that to the neighbors of china , from japan , south korea , india , vietnam , philippines , who are all wary of chinese aggression . 
  depending on the type of bear , this tactic could work . 
  except not really . 
  great can i take you identity for the purposes of credit . 
  it wo n't technically be stealing because you will still have it afterwards . 
  i am an american and i would n't buy american cars . 
  i guess i have fulfilled my part of the boycott . 
  til : in dutch father translates as vader . 
  yes . 
  that is exactly my point . 
  so we are in agreement . 
  but i like this sub . 
  i am just saying that there is a much larger world outside reddit . 
  it 's a mutual sentiment . 
  you mean multi-century head start . 
  the largest ethnic ancestry in the us is german . 
  if these people were in europe , they could just be apprehended by the police . 
  taking them out in iraq and syria only happens because they could n't be taken into custody and those regions do n't have any functioning government . 
  that is the crucial difference between taking out terrorists in iraq and syria vs in europe , and why i think these concerns are overblown, 
  france is at war against isis . 
  that is just the fact of the matter , even though no formal declaration of war has been issued . 
  i think most of the principles embodied in the us constitution are still relevant today . 
  limits on government 's power , separation of that power and checks and balances , individual liberty , natural law rights , federalism , focus on civil society to solve society 's instead of involving government in everything , etc. 
  some of them were slave owners , but they did get a few things right about structures of government, 
  and if the california republic rises again , so will william t sherman , who will march from san francisco down south to san diego to teach californians about secession . 
  there is no human right to a handshake . 
  in american legal jurisprudence , there is the idea of [ strict scrutiny ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/strict_scrutiny ) that is applied to a law whenever a fundamental constitutional right is involved . 
  in order for a law to pass strict scrutiny , the government has to demonstrate that 1 ) the law advances a compelling government interest 2 ) be narrowly tailored to advancing that interest and 3 ) should be the only and the least restrictive way with which you can achieve that interest . 
  a compelling government interest is usually defined as something that serves an essential and necessary function of the government . 
  even if you think that promoting a certain view about gender is a compelling interest ( which i think is much more a social and cultural problem with social and cultural solutions ) you would have to prove that this law is the least restrictive way . 
  i think that there are so many other ways of promoting integration , acceptance of gender equality , that do n't infringe on fundamental rights that this law could never pass constitutional muster in the us . 
  while i understand that switzerland is not america , i still think that this is a useful way of thinking about this . 
  violating people 's freedom of conscience by making them shake hands when they do n't want to is an egregious violation that is completely unnecessary for the promoting integration , especially when nobody has a right to have their hand shaken . 
  nobody has a right to put a gun to someone 's head to make them shake their hands . 
  thats what you do when government mandates it . 
  i suspect that it just that because of the fact that trump has n't fully staffed his administration discipline becomes very difficult and charming journalists can coax out information from the rank and file ( like for example the department of justice under which the fbi is has 90 % of the senior administrative position unfilled because trump has n't nominated anyone to it . 
  and so if someone from there wanted to leak something they would n't have anyone on top who is looking over what they do ), 
  what does that have to do with releasing crime science photos . 
  that has nothing to do with ethnicity or anything like that ? 
  i am not a fan of trump , and i voted for clinton . 
  but this idea that the federal government and trumps administration is full of white supremacist is just complete nonsense . 
  i thought that the past 100 days would have convinced people that the better comparison is trump and nixon and trump-hitler comparison are far fetched and completely divorced from reality . 
  but some continue to insist on believing things for which there is not a shred of evidence . 
  i find this whole `` the media is like this or that '' to be incredibly frustrating . 
  you ca n't put the new york times , washington post , brietbart , fox news , cnn , the network news programs , on the same basket . 
  they are completely different to one another and have a very different style of journalism , news coverage , etc. 
  ** the link you give of nyt saying `` all they 're talking about is what melania is wearing '' has not a single article about melania trump . 
  ** maybe before you link something make sure you review it whether it says what you claim it is saying . 
  i mean the uk has the sun/daily mail . 
  i am sure germany has its sources of sensational news media , as i am sure every country has them . 
  this is a largely unfair criticism of american media , and i say it as someone who is quiet critical of them . 
  one of the reasons why the leaks are happening right now is that a lot of senior positions in the administration are just unfilled . 
  trump has n't nominated anyone into those positions , and while some of them are obama era holdovers , a lot of these positions have no one in them . 
  so it becomes very difficult to enforce discipline in the administration . 
  its just sheer incompetence . 
  selling oil is not done out of charity . 
  it is a mutually beneficial relationship . 
  also , over the past few decades there has been oil discovered all over the world , so that if the gulf countries did stop selling oil , people would just find it elsewhere .
