  better to replace corporate income tax with increased tax on dividends and capital gains . 
  only one : freedom, 
  yes . 
  the fundamentals of american democracy are very strong . 
  a giant toddler , who is completely incompetent , in the white house is n't going to end it . 
  it does n't look the dc metro police that is kicking people on the ground to me . 
  well we do . 
  of course that does n't mean that saudi arabia is n't a country that has played a big role in the spread of wahhabism , or that it has a bad record on human rights . 
  but , the relationship is tight , whether its the us , uk , france , or even germany . 
  it interesting you say that , but that is exactly what happened after 1945 with denazification process . 
  thousands of german governmental employees , civil servants , soldiers were excluded from the political process for association with the nazis . 
  however , you did n't see germans going over to extremism when this happened . 
  i think that iraq invasion was incompetently handled , and that it led to isis in the same way we might say wwi led to wwii . 
  however , it is important that we recognize the agency of the people who created isis . 
  they are human beings , not merely machines reacting to things . 
  they could have chosen differently and that is an important fact that we should acknowledge . 
  the middle east has been unstable since the breakup of the ottoman empire . 
  europe 's stability has only been a feature for all europe since 1989 , and even then you have the serbian conflict , ukrainian conflict . 
  much of africa , like the congo have been unstable for a long time , and this without there being american involvement . 
  the idea that the middle east would be stable if the us was not there is an unproven assertion . 
  i think it 's the other way around . 
  because of the strategic importance of oil , america got involved in an unstable region . 
  despite people not liking the us-arabic relationship , it is instrumental in making sure that at least those countries remain stable . 
  culture is very important , and has a lot to do with people 's behaviors . 
  that is just a simple social science fact . 
  violence is justified in self-defense , and defense of one 's property . 
  you mean david hasselhoff . 
  dominic cummings , who was the campaign director for vote leave , had [ a wonderful and a very very long blog post ] ( https://dominiccummings.wordpress.com/2017/01/09/on-the-referendum-21-branching-histories-of-the-2016-referendum-and-the-frogs-before-the-storm-2/ ) about the referendum that i recommend reading if you have the time . 
  one of the things in that that was most illuminating was his take on the educated elites that i thought did a very good job of demonstrating the vacuousness of the classicist claim that you made . 
  i will just excerpt some of it , though i do recommend reading it , because it is full of great insights . 
   there is a wonderful passage in anna karenina that sums this up , much better than any ` political scientist ' has done : ` oblonsky never chose his tendencies and opinions any more than he chose the style of his hat or coat . 
  he always wore those which happened to be in fashion . 
  moving in a certain circle where a desire for some form of mental activity was part of maturity , he was obliged to hold views in the same way he was obliged to wear a hat . 
  if he had a reason for preferring liberalism to the conservatism of many in his set , it was not that he considered the liberal outlook more rational but because it corresponded better with his mode of life ... the liberal party said that marriage was an obsolete tradition which ought to be reformed , and indeed family life gave oblonsky very little pleasure , forcing him to tell lies and dissemble , which was quite contrary to his nature . 
  the liberal party said , or rather assumed , that religion was only a curb on the illiterate , and indeed oblonsky could not stand through even the shortest church service without aching feet , or understand the point of all that dreadful high-flown talk about the other world when life in this world was really rather pleasant ... liberalism had become a habit with oblonsky and he enjoyed his newspaper , as he did his after-dinner cigar , for the slight haze it produced in his brain . ' towards the end of the novel , there is a discussion about the then big issue of turkish atrocities and the rise of pan-slavism . 
  the old prince replies to the intellectuals who are talking rubbish about ` the national feeling ' that they think is ` sweeping the country ' : ` yes , all the papers say the same thing . 
  that 's true . 
  so much the same that they are just like frogs before a storm !, 
  you ca n't hear anything for their croaking . '  ... there are many examples of how real oblonskys , who control practically all important cultural institutions , think . 
  they believed things about stalin 's regime so outlandish that it is hard to appreciate now . 
  they were more in favour of britain joining the euro , not because they understood ` the complexities ' better but because they were suckered into thinking about it as a moral test -- are you on the side of the ` baddies ' or the goodies ' ? 
  as the bbc europe editor said to me back then , in similar terms to matthew parris about the 2016 referendum , ` the thing is dominic , we like foreigners and cappuccinos and we hate racists ' . 
  polls show that better educated people are less likely to have accurate views about the science of evolution and genetics ( their desire to send moral signals suckers them into believing fairy tales ) . 
   the conformity of the educated is in some ways a good thing -- most obviously , a basic consensus about things like not killing one 's domestic opponents that is extremely unusual historically . 
  but it has many bad effects too . 
  there is a collective lack of imagination which makes the system very susceptible to disastrous shocks . 
  they share a narrow set of ideas about how the world works which mistakes their own view as the only possible sensible approach . 
  they are aways writing about how ` shocking ' things are to them -- things that never were as low probability events as they imagine . 
  they ca n't imagine something like stalin deliberately creating a famine or deliberately murdering millions . 
  they tell themselves that hitler will be ` more sensible in power ' and ` engagement ' is the right path . 
  western liberals ( like clinton and many pro-euro campaigners ) and conservatives ( like bush ) talked of relations with putin as if he is a normal western politician rather than an ex-kgb mafia overlord with views very far from western liberals . 
  they tell each other ` i ca n't imagine president trump , it just ca n't happen ' . 
  many conservatives are now telling themselves that they should not take trump too literally but that too is a failure of imagination -- his character is clear to those unblinded by gang mentality and he will govern in character . 
   the referendum was a great example of this . 
  large numbers of people better educated than average -- the sort of people who work as producers at the bbc -- talked about their vote like this : ` farage is racist , he hates gay people and made that comment about foreigners with hiv , he wants to turn the clock back and pull the drawbridge up , i 'm not like that , my friends are n't like that , i am on the other side to people like that , i am tolerant and modern , i will vote in . '  all over the country sentiments almost identical to this were expressed in large numbers . 
  ** the idea that millions of graduates voted because they ` studied the issues ' is laughable to anybody who spent time measuring opinion honestly . 
  almost none of these people know more about what a customs union is than a bricky in darlington . 
  they did not vote on the basis of thinking hard about the dynamics of emu or about how brussels will cope with issues like gene drives . 
  millions thought -- there 's two gangs and i know which one i 'm in . 
  another subset of the better educated feared the short-term economic disruption of a leave vote would cost them money . 
  they also did not vote on the basis of deep consideration of the issues . 
  **  the modern day oblonsky reads an op-ed about how ` the cbi warns of the dangers of leaving the single market ' and ` the dangers of racist extremists ' and , having no idea of what ` the single market ' is , jabbers away at their dinner party about how concerned they are about leaving ` the single market ' , and a warm haze of knowing one is on the ` good ' side of the argument envelops the brain . 
   when it comes to the central issues of the nature of the eu 's trading relationships and what a uk-eu relationship might look like outside the eu , we are dealing with a particularly strong example of this phenomenon . 
  not only do the oblonskys not know what they are talking about , neither do almost any of the supposed experts and specialists . 
   lots of people said to me ` when are you going to set out the details of the uk-eu trade relationship if you win ? ' what would have been the point of that ?!, 
  approximately nobody knows anything about the important details of how the eu works including the mps who have spent years talking about it and the journalists who cover it -- indeed , often those who talk about it most are the most ignorant ( and most overconfident ) . 
  this is still true six months after the vote -- imagine how much more true it was in the six months before the vote . 
  i am not aware of a single mp or political journalist who understands the single market -- its history , its nature , its dynamics , its legal system , the complex interactions between law , economics , business , history and so on . 
  cameron , osborne and clegg certainly do n't . 
  neither does bill cash . 
  neither does any head of the cbi . 
  neither do jon snow , robert peston , evan davis or john humphreys so they do a rubbish job of exposing politicians ' ignorance . 
  the number of people who do is tiny ... 
  maybe it 's just the fact that i live in the us . 
  but i find the common law tradition one of the best things about the us . 
  the march of the living straw man . 
  if a few decades ago somebody said to you that censorship laws were going to be used to crack down criticism of politicians that called them corrupt and traitorous , people would say : `` oh that 's ridiculous . 
  that is a slippery slope that just does n't exist . 
  libel and hate speech laws are narrowly defined and are obviously not going to include calling a politician corrupt . 
  this is just a straw man . '', 
  and yet today these laws are used precisely for thing that would once have been dismissed as ridiculous straw mans . 
  again those are the homelessness statistics . 
  americas homeless rate is similar to germany and 7 times less than russia 's . 
  anecdotal evidence does n't seem to me the best way to look at this problem . 
  the homeless rate in the us ( 0.5 % ) is comparable to that in germany ( 0.47 % ) . 
  while russian homeless rate is 3.5 % . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_homeless_population ), 
  the focus on income inequality misses the point most of the time . 
  there is an income gap of 100 for someone earning $ 100,000 and $ 10,000,000 , while only a gap of 10 for someone earning $ 10,000 and $ 100,000 . 
  this does n't mean that the former situation is worse . 
  in fact , it 's far better . 
  so you look at the map and you see that venezuela and yemen and kazakhstan have better gini coefficient then the us . 
  but so what if everybody in those countries is just equally poor . 
  i think a better question to ask is about the affordability of housing , food , and healthcare , rather than just strict income inequality . 
  i am a naturalized citizen of the united states ,, 
  there are millions of interactions between police and citizens of all stripes every day . 
  the fact that a few of those interactions turn bad where a few police officers abuse their power does n't mean that the us is basically a police state, 
  i think this is simply the quirk of a very strong common law tradition shared by our two countries . 
  some of the same ideas crop up as a result of common law practices, 
  i think you would be better off trying to understand the position of your political opponents .
