  very few democracies have gone to war with one another . 
   disprooven facts themselves are not protected by the freedom of opinion and the freedom of expression of the opinion , since , as soon as a fact can be prooven , it stops to be an opinion so being a flat earther is prohibited in germany ? 
  what about creationists ? 
  people who downplay the horrors of the soviet union and the communist regimes ? 
  people who advocate against vaccines ? 
  are the people who take these positions guilty of a crime ? 
  some atheist consider religious to be disproved nonsense . 
  should religion be banned in germany ? 
  are you really willing to stick by your principle that an idea can be banned if it has been disproved ? 
   uring the question if `` clima-change-denial '' could become something like that ( what some people in the public discussed ) , it is basically impossilbe to do a law in that direction since there are still a few academic voices that either argue about it . 
  the fundamental principle behind liberal science has been the idea that all ideas and criticisms and opinions would be free to be discussed , and through discourse , criticism , and dialogue , ( the marketplace of ideas ) we would be able to rule out bad ideas . 
  how do non-experts know that something within a field is fact ? 
  well , if the ideas have been free to be discussed , and through that free discussion , almost all the people who study in that field arrive at the conclusion about something , we could likely trust that as established fact . 
  however , if one side of the debate is artificially prevented from making any argument , either through coercion from the state or social coercion , then the ability of the non-expert to trust that field is diminished . 
  additionally , implicit within your argument is the idea that holocaust denial laws prevent the spread of holocaust denial ? 
  do you have any evidence for this . 
  is the rate of holocaust denial in france substantially different from that in the uk . 
  is it more prevalent in the us than in sweden ? 
  the people who advocate for holocaust denial have shown no proof that the law will do that thing which they intend it to do . 
  finally , what about sincerely held belief that the holocaust did n't happen ? 
  [ what we believe is not a choice ] ( https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/our-humanity-naturally/201109/disbelief-is-not-choice ) this has been an important philosophical concept , one of the main arguments against pascal 's wager , and an established fact within psychology . 
  so when a state decides to punish people for expression of disbelief in something , it is choosing to punish people for believing something over which they have no choice . 
  is that just ? 
  is it moral to punish people for beliefs when the beliefs can not be chosen ? 
  its one of the most problematic . 
  there are some people who are holocaust deniers who are sincere in their beliefs . 
  punishing expression of sincerely held beliefs is the most problematic thing when it comes to freedom of expression because we can not choose what we believe to be true or not . 
  my family , and extended family have bought nothing but japanese cars , because you can reliably count on the engine to get you around 200,000 miles , whereas the us cars would likely have serious problems under 100,000 miles . 
   ** i gave the us as an example because trump uses the same anti eu rhetoric as this article and because the us also has an immigration problem . 
  ** so your answer is that you do it because trump does it ? 
  that 's a very reactionary response , and not a good one . 
   the us tries and fails to keep them out and ends up with millions of undocumented immigrants . 
  see that is just an uninformed opinion . 
  of the two political parties , there is one with power in many states and most cities whose policy is that they will not enforce immigration laws . 
   ** neither system is perfect , but only one leads to a stronger economy . 
  ** see only because you made the comparison , i will just point out that the us is an economic powerhouse that beats eu on most economic measures . 
   whenever you 're talking about the eu , you 're inevitably comparing it to the us and/or china because these are the top 3 economies of the world . 
  that is absolutely not the case . 
  you can talk about things without comparing them all the time . 
  it is not `` inevitable '' in any sense of the word . 
  an actual thousand year reich, 
  what a strange thing that you managed to drag the us into a conversation about internal matters of europe ? 
  i find this sort of everything must be a comparison with how bad the us is , and how great europe is just bewildering and revealing about something within the psyche of people who make that comparison . 
  on the internet it become very difficult to browse comments from strangers and differentiate between sincere expressions and sarcasm . 
  soviet union 2.0 . 
  everybody in the world is insulted and everyone in the world insults someone else . 
  if you were going to fine/prosecute people for using insults , then that 's the whole of humanity . 
  well the americans also helped . 
  you know in typical american fashion , swooping in midway through to rescue europe from its populist wave as always . 
  there is an interesting book by a yale historian called `` hitler 's thirty days to power . '', 
  it shows the events in january 1933 that led to hitler 's ascension and one of the things is that is clear is that it was n't inevitable . 
  in december hitler had been contemplating suicide because the nazis had lost votes from the previous election , the funding was drying up , and everyone was thinking the opportunity for power had been missed . 
  yet a serious of fortunate meetings and chance circumstance meant that on january 31st hitler had become chancellor . 
  wwii was not inevitable , not in the same way that wwi was . 
   maybe that 's a us thing , i ca n't recall seeing that argument be used over here ever . 
  i see it all the time free speech discussions come up . 
  people use one restriction on free speech to argue for other restrictions on free speech . 
  with regards to us speech restrictions , the cornerstone principle has been [ content neutrality ] ( http://chicagounbound.uchicago.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2968&amp;context=journal_articles ) , which is that government can not ban speech because it disagrees with the content of the speech . 
  when people talk about obscenity laws , one of the things they fail to mention is just the amount of obscenity that the us has . 
  people point to not being allowed to say swear words or show nudity on tv , except there is hbo . 
  nobody who looks at what actually happens in practice in the us can seriously come away with the conclusion that obscenity is banned speech in the us . 
  so when people use obscenity laws , and compare them to hate speech restrictions and holocuast denial restrictions in europe , the comparison just badly fails . 
  * when i said they did n't work , what i meant was that to me , looking at europe , it seems clear that hate speech laws , and holocaust denial laws , have failed in doing what they were supposed to do . 
  where is the evidence that hate speech laws work to reduce hatred , and promote harmony in society ? 
  i look over to france where there are hate speech laws , and is it false that a soft-fascist got over a 1/3 of the vote ? 
  is holocaust denial less of a problem in continental europe than in the uk or us ? 
  i see no evidence indicating this , if you do have some , i would be willing to consider it . 
  but nobody who is an advocate for such laws can point to the practical achievement they claim these laws will bring . 
   us approach because it 's extremely positive and idealistic its interesting you say that , because form my pov it is based around recognizing human folly . 
  if you go through john stuart mill 's defense of free speech , his central argument is that you should not ban any speech because of human fallibility . 
  we do n't know the absolute `` truth , '' we are prone to dogmatism and complacency , and we have far less certainty than we imagine . 
  this is why free speech is essential to combat these flaws in human thinking . 
  the fundamental argument for free speech is based on epistemic humility , whereas the opposite position is usually based on epistemic hubris . 
  finally , free speech restrictions are used by majorities against minorities , prone to arbitrariness and abuse and inconsistency . 
  the best example of this is the response to this statement : `` homosexuality is a sin . '', 
  people in the uk were arrested for having signs that said the same thing . 
  now , if you were to go to all the mosques in britain , and all the churches , and look through the bible and the koran , you are going to find the same things in these books . 
  how is it that someone can be prosecuted for saying homosexuality is a sin , while at the same time , two of the most popular books that says the same thing are widely available ? 
  this is inconsistent , and logically indefensible if you believe in hate speech laws . 
  it shows you just how arbitrary such laws are . 
  one more thing about the benefits of bate speech laws . 
  you say they prevent nazis from rising . 
  i see people making the argument that if wiemar republic had bans on hate speech , the nazis would n't have gotten into power . 
  except , this is just bad history . 
  blaming the rise of nazis on free speech is like blaming it on the radio . 
  i refer to my previous claim about the lack of evidence of hate speech restrictions ' effectiveness . 
  such laws are n't going to stop the spread of illiberal ideas . 
  they have n't . 
  with the nazis , some of the nazis were prosecuted for libel against jews and jailed . 
  hitler himself was jailed for the putsch . 
  so was le pen and wilders . 
  that does n't make them less appealing to those who are already drawn to them . 
  what will stop more people from being drawn to them is if responsible and reasonable politicians address the concerns that draws these people to the fringes . 
  what is going to stop them is better education of the citizenry against the threat of illiberalism . 
  seem like you have had quiet a lot of propaganda yourself, 
  the u.k. has always had lower levels of crime . 
  i was reading some materials they handed out to soldiers who were going to be deployed to the u.k. during wwii , and one of the things they mentioned was the low level of crime in england . 
  it 's ironic because book burning is censorship , and this person is being prosecuted for violating censorship laws . 
  compared with other nations , the us has the most expansive free speech rights . 
  that is just a simple fact .
