  in fact , i frequently hear from european whining about `` americanization . '', 
  you do n't find anyone worrying of italification of germanification of the world . 
  that should tell you all about which culture has the most currency in the world . 
  cardboard boxes are awesome innovations . 
  they make it really cheap to built and renovate . 
   us is cutting on their military budget , while china is expanding their fleet like crazy . 
  military expenditure by country : us : 569 billion usd china : 191 billiion usd nato : 871 billion usd really , china still has ways to go before it could catch up in military expenditure . 
  also , china is surrounded by countries that do n't get along with it very well . 
  japan , russia , south korea , philippines , vietnam , and india are n't on friendly terms with china , and more inclined to oppose it . 
  with regards to soft power , china 's soft power is pretty limited . 
  even with their adventures in africa and asia , they just ca n't match the us 's influence . 
  the millennial generation of asia and africa probably speaks english , and is much more aware of american culture than chinese culture . 
  `` huge '' is a relative term that does n't mean anything in this regard . 
  ask the young of asia and africa that if they had a choice between europe and america and china , where they would prefer . 
  china is trying to buy influence with money . 
  but it simply ca n't compete with hollywood , the english language , freedom and democracy , and open society ( as opposed to closed ones ) that you find in the west, 
  comparing the paper of records with the sun ? 
  reall ? 
  i do n't think you know or read the nyt . 
  seriously , our print media is generally the best of journalism , and certainly our print would quash the british print media any day of the week . 
  just because you have previously disagreed with a certain editorial line , does n't mean it 's a tabloid rag like the sun that deals in crass gossip, 
  and hitler made the train run on times , and built great infrastructure . 
  that is bad history . 
  nixons `` southern strategy '' was a political strategy to turn southern democrats into republicans . 
  it was n't some kind of authoritarian ploy against hippies and minorities, 
  you also probably liked when new york was new amsterdam . 
  damned british , stealing all your good colonies . 
  this is no different from british politicians complaining about the direction of the eu , and then we find that the british government was very supportive and sometimes the initiator of some of those things ( like the 2004 expansion , single market rules , etc. ), 
  nobody in nato is `` dragged '' along or `` used as pawns . '', 
  i mean if that was the case , why do the countries continue to be a part of nato . 
  they can be like switzerland or sweden . 
  nato is a voluntary organization , just like the eu . 
  just as the eu expects some obligations and subsidiarity from its members , so nato expects some obligations from its members . 
  there is quiet a bit of hypocrisy in this . 
  when the uk does something like this with the eu , taking all the benefits but not wanting to share any of the costs , everyone on r/eu is like that is unfair . 
  and yet the same people that talk about subsidiarity then are perfectly happy saying that they want the benefits of nato , but none of its obligations . 
  the republican party founded in 1854 was a coalition of abolitionists , who were mainly evangelical protestants , know-nothings , who were anti-catholic anti-immigration group , and industrial capitalist made up of the traditional wasp establishment . 
  they were both anti-slavery and anti-irish . 
  if you look at some of the literature , blacks were citizen of the united states because they had been part of its history and their labor went into its building , whereas the irish were papist intruders . 
  so it is n't that strange to see blacks who also were devout evangelical protestants included in the citizenship bucket , while the catholic irish excluded . 
  the nazis were right wing economically ? 
  did they ardently argue for small government , free markets , free trade , fewer entitlements , a more lean welfare-state ? 
  the idea that the nazis were friedmanites like margaret thatcher and ardent readers of hayek is just ludicrous . 
  the nazis believed in government interference in the economy , which is the opposite of what the economic right believes . 
  moving on to whether trump is acting like a fascist . 
  i do n't think so . 
  yes he is racist , and has a loose mouth ( calling for violence against political protesters at his rallies ) but that alone does n't make somebody a fascist . 
  his `` intimidation '' of the press amount to criticizing them as failing , biased , fake news . 
  when he actually starts jailing reporters , or actually abusing their rights , i will accept that trump is acting like an authoritarian . 
  until such time , i remain skeptical . 
  he has denies access to the press . 
  that is not authoritarian . 
  all presidents give selective access to the press . 
  in fact , the white house daily briefing is a recent development which did n't exist for much of american history . 
  i like the antagonistic relationship between the press and the government . 
  it is how it should be . 
  i think the media were far too cozy with the previous president , and if trump is what gets them to actually try and do their job , all the better for it . 
  i am not a trump supporter , and trump is many things ( a liar , a conman , corrupt , racist , sexist , a bully , etc. 
  ) , but he is not a fascist or even an authoritarian , even though he might admire authoritarians like putin for their ability to get things done . 
  the fascist and authoritarian movement in the us is limited to the dark corners of internet and has absolutely no currency in the mainstream of the america ( left or right ) . 
  you might point out steve bannon who is problematic . 
  however , even with him being the chief white house strategist , authoritarianism is not a problem that is currently facing the united states . 
  lies , incompetency , corruption , bad policies , are a problem . 
  but the end of democracy is n't happening right now in america . 
  but , again you evade the central point of my argument : hate speech laws have not prevented in any meaningful way the rise of hate groups and support for far-right parties that deal in tribalism , hatred , etc. 
  in europe . 
  you are mixing up causes . 
  germany has done a good job with regards to nazis , neo-nazis , hate speech is because of its history . 
  its government and people have taken up extra vigilance against such ideas and are very active in combating them through education , awareness , etc. 
  this is why germany has done a good job . 
  it is not because germany outlaws holocaust denial . 
  the idea that free speech is what gives rise to nazis is just false . 
  censorship exists all around europe . 
  censorship existed in weimar republic . 
  it exists in sweden and in france . 
  yet hate groups within these countries do n't disappear . 
  hate speech laws that exist in europe are just ineffective at their task . 
  there is no evidence to suggest that such laws prevent hatred . 
  most of the bill of right comes from the english common law . 
  after trumps election , there were lots of people out on the street . 
  some of the reporters interviewed some of the protestors and asked them how they had voted . 
  turns out that there were quiet a few who did n't bother to vote . 
  i think some people get an exhilaration from protesting that they would n't get from a secret ballot . 
  there are certainly a significant section of lefty protestors who love to protest but would n't be caught anywhere near a voting booth, 
  is there any elections where all the people vote on the issues at hand ? 
  mixing up cause an effect . 
  it 's the fact that european countries have stopped fighting each other that the eu can exist, 
  no he was n't . 
  he was a democratic socialist who despised the communist regimes of soviet union . 
  `` the communists always say that you need to break a few eggs to make an omelette , but where is the omelette ? '', 
  orwell, 
  wait they hate us ? 
  have they heard our new president and his chief advisor are rooting for them ? 
  they get more ad money by getting more viewers, 
  if some of the media denied wall to wall coverage , the audience would simply move to some place that gave them that . 
  let 's be honest , the media covers terrorist attacks like this is because the viewers want this type of coverage . 
  just look at this sub reddit , you get a few thousand comments over terrorist attacks , while the average is usually a few hundred for everything else . 
  a lot of the arguments for free speech come from john stuart mill , whose whole point was that even if everybody but one person were to be agreed on the truth and beauty of something , that one contrarians speech deserved extra protection . 
  freedom of speech , if it is to mean anything , is the freedom to say the most unpopular things . 
  popular speech does n't require protection .
