  that is because when the ukrainians jews were killed , switzerland collected the gold . 
  the us does n't spend 1/3 of its budget on the military . 
  it 's 16 % . 
  once you include state and local government spending , the percentage spent on military in comparison with all government spending is about 10 % . 
  nothing like the grand canyon, 
  well considering that the majority of illegal immigrants in the us are people who have overstayed their visas , it 's a fair question to be asked, 
  well considering that most illegal immigration in the us is people overstaying their visas , and the reason why the eastern european countries have not had visa waivers is because the percent of people who would overtstay was large , and given that the current administration prime priority is illegal immigration , it 's unlikely that this amounts to anything, 
  the last theee us presidents ( trump , obama , and bush ) have all been believed to be fascist by at least some portion of the country . 
  the definitions are n't as clear cut as you make it out to be, 
  are countries like germany facing less of the rise in the far right because of their censorship laws ? 
  what evidence do you have for this claim ? 
  it seems to me that one of the reasons why germany is more immune to fascism is because of its history , and because the people of germany have been educated to be resistant to fascism . 
  i mean austria is right next door with holocuast denial laws . 
  they seem to be flirting with the far right just as some other countries . 
  hungary came very close to electing a far right president . 
  they also have holocaust denial laws . 
  france has them to and hate speech laws as well , but le pen is likely to get 40 % + votes in the elections . 
  your argument just does n't hold up against the evidence, 
  here is one of the main problem of trying to enforce such a thing in a liberal society : the list of people who are believed to be fascists is just far too large . 
  richard spencer , steve bannon , donald trump , george bush , barack obama have all been called fascists . 
  now we might agree that richard spencer is clearly a neo - nazi while obama is not ( even though some conservatives will insist he is ) . 
  but what about when it comes to the people who are ambiguous , like steve brannon , or even trump . 
  i do n't think trump is a fascist , but there is a very loud section of the left that is convinced that he is . 
  this is where the sort of `` we will only deny free speech to fascists breaks down . '', 
  there will always be a political application to this principle , which will be used on people like trump , who are n't really fascist , but also someone we do n't like very much . 
  not only that , but the evidence that speech restrictions on fascists will stop fascism is just not really there . 
  in fact , given that all of europe has hate speech laws , we can very clearly see that they are completely ineffective in combating hatred . 
  given that the purported aim of speech restriction is not achieved by censorship , and the potential for abuse of such power by the government , the case of censorship is really weak . 
  also , you whole fascists wo n't give us free speech so we should n't give it to them is just a really bad argument . 
  fascist kill their political opponents . 
  does this then justify us killing fascists or punishing people for their political beliefs ? 
  the comment was tongue in cheek . 
  stop getting so worked up over it . 
  america is exceptional . 
  if it started following other countries and doing what they are doing , then it would n't be exceptional anymore . 
  2 % is historically on the lower end of military spending . 
  little green men seem to be cropping up everywhere, 
  or maybe it 's the other way around . 
  being a police officer makes one right wing with mildly authoritarian views . 
   remember how the us had just withdrawn from afghanistan and iraq and then decided it would be a great idea to send troops to syria . ), 
  must be an alternative syria because what i remember is the obama administration 's reluctance to send troops to syria . 
  obama drew a red line then backed down from it . 
  ( one of the most consequential and disastrous foreign policy decision of the obama administration ), 
  0/10 sweden anthem weak . 
  i 'm sure danish anthem strong . 
  so its true . 
  socialized health care kills people . 
  thank god we avoided that then . 
  as opposed to the uk , where it 's only 52 % , while 48 % are the most enlightened on planet earth . 
  do you know the difference between average and median ? 
  you seem to be repeating the same error again and again . 
  also as previous commenters have explained , comparing the bottom 20 % of income earners in mississippi with bottom 20 % income earners in japan and italy , the bottom 20 % in ms still earn more than their equivalent in italy and japan . 
  in fact , the income of the bottom 20 % in ms is the same as the middle 20 % in italy . 
  the comparison is n't population and geographic area , but economic output . 
  population density , land area does n't matter . 
  what matters is gdp, 
  but the comparison is not countries of vastly different population and sizes . 
  it 's taking eu countries as equivalent to us states and comparing them . 
  think of ireland as a eu state and then compare it to one or two us states, 
  but the average poor person in mississippi is at the same level as the average middle income person in italy , even though the income gap may suggest otherwise . 
  i do n't claim that everything is wonderful in america . 
  of course there are problems , especially on racial issues , that still need to be resolved . 
  however , i do think a lot of the current narrative about race is america is overly cynical , relies too much on exaggerated and polemical language that stretches the truth and distorts the reality , and give too much weigh to emotions rather than thinking things through with cold , dispassionate reason . 
  there is a problem with the police being heavy handed in their approach , and that this adversely affects minority communities . 
  there is also a problem with trigger happiness and escalation of conflict with police practices . 
  but , the police are not a bunch of racists who want to kill black people . 
  they are n't looking for ways to oppress minorities because that is what they are . 
  millions of people interact with the police everyday . 
  out of the millions , a very tiny few end up with fatalities . 
  and of those fatalities , a small number are unjustifiable . 
  but to take them and paint a broad brush over police departments is flawed thinking . 
  well as a non-white immigrant to the us , i can tell you that the percentage of people who are hateful is very low , despite what you may hear from the media . 
  most americans are very tolerant and open . 
  but america is also just a more open society in general , and so even our racists are pretty open . 
  so you tend to see more of them , but does n't mean that europe is somehow better than america just because europe sweeps its problems under the carpet . 
   if the nazi-party wourld n't have been allowed to be part of the parliament in the first place due to the fact that basically all leading figures would have been convicted of incitment of hatred . 
  you do know adolf hitler was jailed for the beer putsch . 
  he was a convicted criminal . 
  there is also the case that some of the nazis were jailed for their anti-semitism ( one being jailed for libeling jews ) . 
  none of that stopped the nazis . 
  hate speech laws does n't eliminate hatred in society . 
  jailing nazis does n't stop them from rising to power . 
  moving onto current events , geert wilders was arrested for hate speech . 
  does this mean that geert wilders is not a serious force in netherland 's politics ? 
  does it make his support base go away ? 
  same thing happened to marine le pen , who was arrested for hate speech . 
  what happened ? 
  is that going to stop her from moving on to the second round ? 
  to repeat , hate speech laws are completely ineffective in their purported task . 
   we can call out other individuals that do the same again in similar situations . 
  and one of the major tools thereby is the abuse of free speech . 
  gay rights advocate abused free speech , at least to the people in power during that time . 
  here in the us , civil rights activists abused free speech . 
  one of the landmark decision in free speech was new york times vs sullivan . 
  newspapers before this decisions were regularly sued for libel by southern states in the us , whenever the newspapers reported on segregation in the south . 
  the newspaper industry had to spend millions of dollars combating these lawsuits . 
  abuse of free speech is a terribly vague term , a term that will always be defined by those who are in power . 
  so advocating for lgbt rights was abuse of free speech , reporting on segregation and racism was abuse of free speech . 
  today there is a majority opinion against racism/sexism/homophobia . 
  so those things are deemed abuse of free speech .
