  the high incarceration rate was there long before that . 
  actually the american system of government was one of the first to be based on enlightenment ideals . 
  the founders were the product of the enlightenment from jefferson and adams and franklin to james madison and james wilson , they were men of the enlightenment . 
  in fact one of the things is the profound influence that the scottish enlightenment , through the influx of scottish immigrants , had on the american founding . 
  https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&amp;v=hlnhpmqnwu4 extremist justify their own failings , their bitterness , hatred , violence , through a sense of unearned moral superiority and righteousness . 
  when the puritans first landed in america , they built a graveyard , prison , and church in that order . 
  the graveyard was first because everybody dies and a basic respect for the dead has been part of human culture since before civilization . 
  for all the religiosity of the puritans , however , building the church was not their next priority . 
  it was prisons . 
  informed by radical protestantism , focusing more on the old testament , they saw the necessity of punishment for immorality and sin as fundamental to the functioning of a good society . 
  proportionate retribution was fundamental to justice . 
  prison was n't about reform and rehabilitation , it was about punishing the criminal . 
  the ideas of individual responsibility run deep in american public sentiment . 
  `` you do the crime , you do the time '' was just a contemporary expression of a very old idea in america . 
  even today , when there exists bipartisan consensus about necessity of criminal justice reform , it 's only for non-violent offenses , and that would still keep america 's with the highest incarceration rate in the world . 
  not only that but some conservatives , like the current ag jeff sessions has argued that the problem with america is under policing , and there ought to be more people in jail . 
  a high incarceration rate is just a part of american exceptionalism that is n't going to end anytime soon , because the ideas that produced it have deep roots that carry it forward . 
  let 's extend the logic of collective guilt and collective responsibility to the protestors themselves . 
  all of them can be arrested and charged with the crime even though a tiny percentage of them committed the crimes because they share collective responsibility by their choice to protest . 
  how do they protest global capitalism , while using services provided by global capitalism to get to their destinations ? 
  that is backwards . 
  so is germany arresting people for facebook posts . 
  who knew you can hold both opinions at the same time and still be consistent about both issues ? 
  it 's kinda of funny here in chicago , the polish village is right next to the ukrainian one . 
  thatcher was a woman of conviction . 
  she would never turn down a chance to debate an old socialists , and i would have loved to see her take on corbyn , who because of may 's incompetence , people have been elevating him as some sort of competent leader . 
  over half our presidents have been lawyers . 
  it 's probably hereditary . 
  his ancestor had such a bad case of germanophobia that he had to leave germany , and even change his german name `` drumf '' to trump . 
  this reminds of people who argue that nazis were leftist because they were nationalist and socialist . 
  completely agree that people with degrees in the physical sciences make better politicians and leaders . 
  and no , i am not saying that because i am studying to get one of those degrees . 
  margaret thatcher was a chemist . 
  i do n't think there ought to be any central authority that gets to control the thoughts/opinions/feelings of people . 
  that does n't mean that i do n't think self-control is bad . 
  i think self-control is a wonderful thing , and recognizing that some of our thoughts and feelings are bad is just fine . 
  i think wishing genocide is n't a good thing , or a good feeling to have, 
  one of the mistake people make is thinking that the wealth of nations comes from taking things from other people . 
  it might contribute some , and of course the people involved in the exploitation become very rich , but the reason european countries or the west is wealthy today has little to do with that . 
  just take the example of the american south . 
  slavery made the slaveholders rich , but the society at large was absolutely impoverished because of it . 
  you just have to look at the development of the two different economic systems between the north and the south . 
  industrial capitalism transformed the north into one of the most prosperous societies , while the agrarian and slaveholding society of the south languished . 
  even if this does n't convince you , just look at the gdp . 
  per capita gdp grew from $ 3000 in 1870 to $ 50,000 in 2014 . 
  total gdp was $ 115 billion in 1870 to 15,900 billion in 2014 . 
  [ [ source ] ] ( https://web.stanford.edu/~chadj/facts.pdf ) 99 % of the growth in income happened after slavery had already been abolished . 
  i suspect it is also the same for belgium . 
  let 's also not forget the destruction of europe that happened during wwi and wwii . 
  if burges is such a wealthy city and belgium is such a wealthy nation , it was n't because of colonialist exploits . 
  how many congolese attacks have been perpetrated against the us ? 
  yes it does . 
  if trump says to bankers that he is only going to enforce banking laws and regulations for banks that have more than $ 100 billion in deposits , and not for any of the other banks , that is trump not enforcing the laws . 
  if trump said that he will not go after any employer with less than 100,000 full-time employees for violation of labor laws and regulations , that would be trump not enforcing the laws . 
  you could n't claim that since trump was enforcing banking laws and regulations against large banks , he was really enforcing the law . 
  you could n't claim that since trump was enforcing the law for large employers , he was still enforcing the law . 
  yet that is what you claim for obama . 
  by fudging the number . 
  [ [ link ] ] ( http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-obama-deportations-20140402-story.html )  the number of people deported at or near the [ u.s.-mexico ] border has gone up -- primarily as a result of changing who gets counted in the u.s. immigration and customs enforcement agency 's deportation statistics . 
  the vast majority of those border crossers would not have been treated as formal deportations under most previous administrations . 
  if all removals were tallied , the total sent back to mexico each year would have been far higher under those previous administrations than it is now . 
  previously , people who were caught at the border and sent back were not counted in the deportation number . 
  the obama administration changed that and started counting those people and claimed that they deported more people , except that is definitely not true . 
  the number of deportation of people not caught at the border went down during the obama administration . 
  but , most importantly , obama administration 's policy of daca and dapa were in effect executive nullification of legislation . 
  that was a policy in writing , communicated to everyone beforehand , that as a matter of fact , the administration would not enforce immigration law for whole classes of people . 
  whats more is that the policy effectively meant that unless you were a hardcore criminal , not caught at the border or within 14 days , the us would n't deport you if you entered the country illegally . 
  the obama administration tried to spin this as not really changing of laws by talking about resource allocation . 
  but that was a simply excuse for nullification and nothing more . 
  it 's not just the british . 
  here in the us we have an entire political party that refuses to enforce immigration laws . 
  edit : the down votes do n't change what is a fact . 
  i do n't believe in moral relativism . 
  i am a fan of immanuel kant 's moral philosophy , that human being have moral worth and dignity that ought to be respected , and that as rational autonomous beings we can arrive at the moral law using reason . 
  i do n't think that nazi 's murdering millions of people is not objectively outrageous and abhorrent , which is what the position of relativists is . 
  so you could have a state that said there was a right to kill poor people , and that wold then be considered a right ? 
  i disagree with you when you say human rights are not universal . 
  i think there are rights that we as human being have simply by the fact that we are autonomous rational individual , and that these rights exists as a moral obligation for people to respect regardless of the particular situation of country , ethnicity , race , religion , government , etc. 
  if i was in north korea , i would not the right to criticize the north korean government . 
  the fact that this `` right '' is not respected by the north korean government does n't mean that the right does n't exist as a moral obligation . 
  it ought to be the case that north korea respects the rights of its citizens to criticize their government . 
  wherein nk fails to do this , it is abridging and violating the people 's right . 
  this violation can only make sense if the right to criticize the government is independent of whether the state has made allowance for such rights or not . 
  in other words , it can only make sense if the right was universal , applicable to all human beings , regardless of whether the right was respected by the government or not . 
  if we accepted your argument , then you would say north korean did not have any moral claim to this right . 
  i think that is absurd , and hence clearly false . 
  same if someone had killed you yesterday . 
  human rights are not contingent on holding a passport or citizenship . 
  in the last 100 years , german occupation lasted 5 years , soviet occupation lasted for more than 45 years . 
  that was one point amongst many other . 
  effectively you have just ignored my other points , especially about the lack of evidence for the effectiveness of hate speech censorship , the problem of using `` harm '' as a principle on which you ban speech , and the actual principles on which speech is banned instead of the rationale that you offered . 
  even if we set aside how much comparable the subjective mental harm from speech is to physical violence , those other points still stand . 
  the link you try to draw between physical violence and harm from speech is just preposterous . 
  physical violence can be measured on an objective basis . 
  there is no such objective basis to be found for emotional and mental harm caused by speech . 
  this is also why speech is not the same thing as an act that causes physical violence . 
  you can disagree with that , but there is a clear difference that exists that you would like to pretend do n't really exist where we can just extend the logic of physical violence for speech . 
  and if the principle of restricting speech is on the basis of harm , why is this just restricted to a select few categories . 
  this is the crucial question . 
  clearly harm is not the principle on which the restrictions on hate speech are based in the u.k. , and that the justification for these laws is something else , which i think is about stamping out hatred , and as i have said there is no evidence presented that hate speech censorship is effective in achieving this goal .
