  your point about intent has two flaws 1 ) that is not the actual standard and 2 ) if it actually was put into practice , would effectively nullify most hate speech censorship . 
  `` intent to harm '' for speech is almost impossible to prove in court . 
  let 's just look at the case in the u.k. where a man was arrested was having a poster saying homosexuality was a sin . 
  how exactly are you going to prove intent to harm . 
  what harm are you talking about here , and how will you prove intent ? 
  ca n't the person just claim that the intent was simply to express his opinion ? 
  what 's more is that there are two books , widely available in the u.k. , widely distributed , and widely disseminated that say the same thing : the bible and the koran . 
  how can the british state justify arresting someone for saying homosexuality is a sin , while allowing the bible and koran to circulate . 
  that seems to me an egregious violation of the principle of equality before the law . 
  the problem with your argument is that 1 ) 1 ) there is the way in which hate speech laws are applied and justified currently , which is different from your attempt at justification and their justification could n't stand up to scrutiny , and 2 ) then there is your justifications , which if implemented would bring about a whole set of another problems with these laws . 
   speech is a physical , tangible thing that can and does do damage to people 's mental health when misused . 
  lots of things could potentially damage people 's mental health . 
  strong criticism could potentially harm my mental health . 
  insults ( they do n't have to based on race , ethnicity , religion , sexual orientation , or gender ) could harm my mental health . 
  honest criticisms could harm me mentally . 
  expressions of hatred based on my political leanings could harm me mentally . 
  honest criticism has the potential to harm me mentally . 
  what are you going to do about them ? 
  ban people from insulting one another and using strong language ? 
  are you going to stop people from calling tories evil scum because that could mentally harm someone who is a conservative ? 
  are you going to stop people from celebrating the punching of nazis because neo-nazis might me harmed by the celebration of violence against them ? 
  are you going to stop people from calling brexiteers stupid and idiots because that has the potential to harm them mentally ? 
  yes , speech does have the potential to affect someone mentally . 
  the problem is that the mental harm is so subjective that everything is potentially harmful mentally to someone . 
  what another person might brush off easily might make a fragile person hurt . 
  the subjectivity of experience of speech is one of the reason why you just ca n't go around forming objective policies around this issue . 
  another thing is that we human beings are anti-fragile . 
  our bones get stronger the more they are used . 
  our muscles build when we tear them through exercise . 
  our immune system gets stronger when they encounter viruses and bacteria . 
  a great book to read is [ anti-fragile by nassim taleb ] ( https://www.amazon.com/antifragile-things-that-disorder-incerto/dp/0812979680 ) who goes into this whole question and shows that a lot of what people believe about human fragility is counter productive . 
  the more you shield others from things you think might hurt them emotionally and mentally , the more mentally fragile they are going to become . 
  there is a perfect analogy with allergies and fragility . 
  the more sanitized the environment , the greater the risk for that becomes . 
  i also take objection to your characterization of speech . 
  speech = / = action . 
  one of the thought experiments i think about around these issues is regarding somebody who sincerely holds a belief that the holocaust did n't happen . 
  now no country has banned thinking such things because they could n't . 
  however , most of continental europe has decided to ban expression of such opinions . 
  now suppose a hypothetical case where this person who sincerely believes that the holocaust did n't happen is asked a question about it in public . 
  based on the laws of continental europe , that person has to lie in public . 
  the person ca n't sincerely tell the world that he does n't believe in the holocaust because that would mean jail . 
  so we have government requiring/forcing people to lie . 
  i consider this just an egregious violation of a person 's freedom of conscience , and while it is just a hypothetical , it does have bearings on what actually happens , because a lot of people who sincerely do n't believe the holocaust happened do have to lie at the threat of being imprisoned . 
  ** you can not separate the freedom of thought/opinion/feeling and the freedom to express those thoughts/opinions/feelings as you have done . 
  they are inextricably linked . 
  ** speech is not the same thing as an act . 
  a politician can say that he is going to do something . 
  that politician 's speech is not the same thing as an act , as most people participating in democratic societies quickly realize . 
   you are not ` free ' to harm any other human being this is what you originally wrote . 
  i simply gave examples of all the ways we do harm and are in fact free to harm other human beings that could n't possibly be made illegal . 
  so , in fact your statement is just wrong . 
  as to difference between complain/criticism and verbal abuse . 
  well i think that the difference is very subjective and you could n't possibly base an objective policy based on that . 
  does your insult about my education count as criticism or as verbal abuse ? 
  perhaps you could educate me , i am perfectly willing to consider what you have to say . 
  if verbal abuse is `` not free , '' per your definition , does that mean that a lot of satire is also `` not free '' because so much of it relies on abusive language . 
  should comedians be put in jail for calling erdogan a goat-fucker because that is `` verbal abuse ? 
  what is the line you draw ? 
  insults , verbal abuse are a common feature of human communication . 
  i am pretty sure everybody at some point uses language that can be considered to be `` verbal abuse . '', 
  there was an article on r/europe a few weeks back about one of the central european countries where politicians had filed a lawsuit against someone for a facebook post that called them corrupt traitors . 
  do you think that type of speech is unacceptable , because then we would have to build a lot of courts to process the cases , because calling politicians corrupt and traitorous is on par for heated political rhetoric . 
  i think before you go on criticizing my education , perhaps you should consider the implication of what you say . 
  your definition of harm is so broad as to potentially include all human activity , and therefore everyone is guilty of a crime . 
  insulting me is harming me . 
  do we throw people in jail for insulting others ? 
  when people criticize politicians , they are harming those politicians . 
  should we prevent people from criticizing public figures ? 
  when people say bad things about corporations , they are harming those corporations . 
  should we stop complaints about google , amazon , nestle , etc. 
  driving a car could potentially be harmful to others ( pollution , increased traffic , chances of accident ) should we prevent people from driving ? 
  right . 
  that is what i want evidence for . 
  i am skeptical of the effectiveness of hate speech censorship . 
  i find it doubtful that hate speech laws actually `` protect would-be victims of hate speech . '', 
  protect them from what ? 
  hatred of other people ? 
  think about how ridiculous it would be to say that government can protect people from other people 's feelings . 
  government ca n't legislate people 's hearts and mind . 
  it can only do that with action . 
  so you might say it protects them from discrimination . 
  but then we have anti-discrimination laws for that . 
  no need to censor speech to achieve that goal . 
  you might say it protects them from violence . 
  but this again is just an unfounded assertion . 
  the link between speech and violence is usually very thin , and in most cases non-existent . 
  people use this weak causal link , open to subjective misinterpretation to justify censorship , and if that were to be a universal principle , then so much speech would fall under it purview that we may as well give up talking about important matters that make people passionate . 
  there are lots of legal speech in germany and france and britain that could potentially be linked to violence . 
  this is just a bad principle to justify censorship . 
  so what exactly is it protecting against , and how , and what evidence do you have that it protects people in actuality ? 
   there is nothing wrong with that except for people who are jailed for expression of sincerely held belief , even if that belief is plainly wrong and offensive like holocaust denial . 
  i have asked proponents of hate speech censorship this question , but never received a good response . 
  perhaps you can answer it . 
  what evidence is there that hate speech censorship works ( i.e. 
  it is effective at tamping down hatred ) ? 
  this goes to holocaust denial bans as well . 
  is holocaust denial a more pervasive problem in the u.k. , where there is no ban , in comparison with france where there is ? 
  i think people make a lot of assumptions that they think are true , but upon further interrogation are just lacking in evidence . 
  because they think that if they have free speech , the nazis will come back , never mind that that assertion is very weak and has no evidence to back itself up .
