  actually , the whole of thing was brought to america by european migrants in the 1950s who believed in essentially marxists ideas of free speech , where free speech should only be extended to the oppressed and denied to the oppressors . 
   to suggest that capitalism is what you get when you increase freedom is a vacuous statement . 
  i said that capitalism is what arise from ** freedom of association and freedom of trade ** ( i.e. 
  the freedom to engage in voluntary economic transaction either individually or as part of a group like a corporation ) . 
  i never said freedom in the abstract is what gives rise to capitalism . 
  specific freedom are what give rise to it , not the abstract philosophical concept . 
   it 's not any more `` free '' than any other economic system people can come up with . 
  this is just false . 
  you can just look at the history of socialism/communism , mercantilism , feudalism , etc. 
  to know that people enjoy more freedoms under capitalism than any other economic system . 
  and i should clarify what i mean by `` freedom '' because that seems to be the crucial disagreement . 
  there are positive rights and negative rights , i am mainly talking about ( negative rights ) [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/negative_and_positive_rights] . 
  my liberty to hold opinions and view as i wish does n't require anybody to oblige me in any way . 
  they are not required to listen , to act upon , or to even consider my opinions and views . 
  they are obligated against certain action , like they ca n't jail me or use violence against me for my opinions and views . 
  but , there is no `` positive obligation '' on their part in my exercise of the freedom to speak . 
  if you wanted to somehow suggest that my freedom of speech is constricting other people 's freedom , then you would be wrong . 
  my right to life does n't obligate other people to feed me . 
  it does n't obligate people to make sure i 'm healthy . 
  while it does require people not to take actions that are immediate and directly harmful to my life , it requires an obligation of inaction . 
  you seem to think that this obligation of inaction means that other people do n't have `` freedom . '', 
  this can only work if you conceptually define freedom differently from how it is defined in the liberal tradition . 
  to reiterate , freedom in the liberal political philosophy is the ability to act within your own sphere without interference from government or other individuals ( via violence ) in all cases where your actions do not directly harm other individuals . 
  you want to define it a different way , and this where the disagreement ultimately lies . 
  we just have different definitions of what we mean by freedom , because to you it mean the ability to do anything , and if someone is constrained by nature or circumstances than its not really freedom . 
  but i believe in the liberal conception of freedom , which is the ability to act without government interference . 
   all rights imply restrictions yes , in liberal political theory rights imply restrictions on the government interference of those rights . 
  so there are inalienable rights to life , liberty , and property and the government can not , without due process , take away those rights . 
  however , if you are trying to imply that my right to life restricts your right to life , that is simply ridiculous . 
   rules are restrictive . 
  yes , in liberal political theory rules are placed upon the government to restrict what it can and can not legislate . 
  just to give an american example , the bill of rights sets limitation upon those things that the government can not restrict . 
  the rules of the us constitution restrict the government . 
  but i think your point is that there exists rules that restrict individual freedom . 
  this is a trivial point . 
  i am not an anarchist . 
  i do n't believe there should be no rules or restrictions upon anything . 
  the `` freedom '' you seem to be arguing against is the anarchist freedom that is free from any and all laws , because of this trivial point that all laws restrict human activity . 
  there are fundamental rights and freedoms that exist in most liberal democracies . 
  these are not mere abstractions but real concepts that have practical consequences . 
  there is freedom of association in america , freedom of speech , right to own firearms . 
  these are not illusions . 
  these are not abstract concepts . 
  they are quiet real . 
  it seems to me your whole argument is that these freedom do n't really exist because america is not an anarchist society that has no rules or laws . 
  that since america is a society with rules and laws , `` freedom '' does n't exist . 
  and yet , from an empirical standpoint the freedoms do exist . 
  freedom under the rule of law is real . 
  millions of people experience , utilize , and live with it everyday . 
  this is nihilism . 
  man is born in chains and dies in chains . 
  it is a very philosophically uninteristing position that has been argued before . 
  the whole argument rests on not standing for anything . 
  it would be a much better conversation to know what you stood for because otherwise your criticism from no standing are just meaningless . 
  i mean just apply what you said to politics . 
  all political rules , including the rules that make up liberal democracies , impose background constraints on the choices individuals can make . 
  when we talk about the politics , we are not arguing about whether or not we want to be free . 
  we are arguing about what coercion we prefer . 
  try as hard as you may , but you can not answer questions about whether the current german republic or the old nazi germany is better by saying `` freedom '' and `` liberty '' a lot . 
  that 's just meaningless rhetoric . 
  capitalism is what arises from freedom of association and freedom to trade . 
  it did n't exist so milineia in human history because there was limited freedom of association and freedom to trade . 
  during the eighteenth century , those freedoms were expanded to vast swaths of people in britain , along with strong protection for private property rights , and thus capitalism was `` discovered . '', 
  unlike some of the other economic systems , capitalism does n't require an overarching control . 
  it only requires a government that performs its basic function of security and protecting the life , liberty , and property of its citizens . 
  where do you get the figure of millions killed and oppressed by the us ? 
  even just counting vietnam + cambodia , latin america , and iraq , it would be hard to come up with millions killed by americans , unless you are including people killed by forces other than the us . 
  but then that is just stupid . 
  you ca n't blame america for what other people 's crimes, 
  the seuz canal marked the definitive end of european imperialism . 
  it 's generally looked upon very fondly by american historian and america taking a direct stance against the imperialism of the nineteenth and early twentieth century . 
  gulen lives in pennsylvania i think, 
   that 's why it 's called ` self rule ' , because we would get to choose our own government instead of having it imposed from outside . 
  would n't that apply just as well to the shires of england when there is a labour government ? 
  democracy = / = only having government you like . 
  you define a demos , a unit of people around which democracy is then organized . 
  the uk 's parliament is organized around the `` british people , '' which includes scotland . 
  scotland does not have `` government imposed from the outside . '', 
  i mean , what about a situation of the orkney islands ? 
  can they secede from scotland if the party they vote for is n't the government in scotland ? 
  what about areas of scotland where the vote is against the governing party . 
  can they all say they are being denied `` self-rule ? '', 
  if they want to , can the various different areas of scotland get an independence referendum as well ? 
  dumbledore, 
  up there with renaming sauerkraut as liberty cabbage ,, 
  during wwi , shops found that americans were n't buying sauerkraut , so it was renamed liberty cabbage . 
  i am not saying you have to listen . 
  just saying that people have a right to express their opinions . 
  if you want to ignore them , go ahead that is your right . 
  but the other side gets to express their views as well, 
  yea not really . 
  hitler made france surrender in the same train cart that versailles was signed in . 
  if you can find he us signing surrenders in any of the 3 wars you listed , please find them . 
  poland with their primitive army , fighting a two front war against the nazis and the soviets lasted a longer time than france against the nazis , and that was because there were elements within france , who would eventually form the vichy government , who really did n't believe in fighting fascism, 
  hillary clinton , jebb bush , al out raised trump . 
  money did n't seem to have gotten them the victory . 
  the influence of money in voting is wildly exaggerated . 
  now donations do have affects on politicians and what policies they pursue , but the influence on voters has n't really been demonstrated in any satisfactory way . 
  well yea , that 's freedom of speech . 
  you get to tell other people your opinions about them .
