  i think you do n't understand how democratic politics work , or how parliamentary democracy functions . 
  people can change their positions , and you do n't need to be a committed euroskeptic to be committed to following through brexit . 
  most of the parliament voted to trigger article 50 even though a majority of mps were remainers . 
  that is because a referendum happened and 52 % of the voters chose to leave the eu as their option . 
  you know the most well known german philosopher supported capital punishment . 
  would that mean that he wanted to destroy `` european '' way of life as well ? 
  if the host country wanted to , they could deny them entry in the first place . 
  but the thing is that the refugees are n't fleeing from the war zones , they are fleeing from turkey , and from safe refugees camps in bordering states . 
  also almost half are n't fleeing wars , but merely immigrating for economic reasons . 
  it might make sense to not deny refuge to those who were directly fleeing war , not much sense in accepting everyone regardless of their behavior fleeing camps and economic hardships . 
  also immediacy is an important factors . 
  we are not going to keep a drunk driver who killed someone out of jail just because he was also injured . 
  as soon as he is well , he should be put in jail . 
  for these type of people , arrest them , detain them , and as soon as it can be determined that their home country is safe , deport them . 
  also the symbol of the labour party in uk, 
  i am a recent immigrant to the us . 
  i identify as an american for the very simple reason that i believe in the american project . 
  you think that is shallow . 
  but i think that is quiet a strong bond to have . 
  if you are old in the us , there is government healthcare program available to you . 
  if you are very poor , there is a government healthcare program you are eligible for . 
  if you are rich , you do n't really have to worry about it . 
  if you work middle class jobs , you will likely have employer provided healthcare . 
  this leaves a section of people who are n't poor enough to qualify for the poor-people healthcare , are n't rich enough to afford it themselves , or are n't old enough to qualify for the old-people healthcare . 
  it is this group with which healthcare is a problem . 
  the idea that the us is a hellscape for healthcare does n't track with reality for most people . 
  if you working in tech , healthcare is n't going to be an issue for you . 
  deport them after they serve their sentences . 
  but he is right . 
  refugees by their very status ca n't be choosers , because to be a refugee is to be running away from life threatening situation , which does inhibit a lot of choice . 
  the whole point about privilege is a slander , believed only by a select leftist sub section in the us , and it does absolutely nothing to address the actual points . 
  if the leave camp that won was so inept , imagine how much more inept the remain camp would have to be to lose to them . 
  i 'm looking at these productivity ( by ppp ) figures ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_hour_worked ) and it says that at first place is norway with 75 , next is luxembourg , and 3rd is us with 67 . 
  belgium is next with 61 , then france with 59 and germany with 57 . 
  it seems that us productivity is at least 10 % higher than european countries . 
  you also have to consider that norway is basically a petro-state and luxembourg is a city without any less productive rural areas . 
  so even at productivity level , the us is still significantly better off . 
  the crucial point :  the united states ' smaller middle income group still earns more than almost all its western european counterparts . 
  the average disposable income among middle income americans in 2010 was $ 60,884 , placing it comfortably ahead of norway , which averaged $ 56,960 . 
  the one exception to western europe 's income trends was luxembourg so inequality is very high in the us , but so are the incomes of all groups . 
  big companies like google and amazon are for net neutrality . 
  why would the eu being for net neutrality mean that it was n't for big companies ? 
  a 40 hour work week is n't unreasonable . 
  how does the law work ? 
  is it that people ca n't work more than 35 hours , or is it that they ca n't be forced to work for more than 35 hours , but they could if they wanted to ? 
  nobody is a slave to a corporation . 
  all your engagements with corporations , unless they are monopolies , is voluntary economic exchanges . 
  slavery by definition is involuntary , and therefore a voluntary transaction could n't be slavery . 
  people work more because they want more stuff . 
  if people were happy with working to only provide the basics : food , shelter , healthcare , and a modest discretionary spending , they could retire at 60 . 
  however , if they want more luxurious life then they ca n't . 
  it 's the fault of fdr , who hijacked the term liberal to describe his own policies . 
  that 's not true . 
  democrats would never be able to introduce the type of taxation that exists in france . 
  a regressive wealth tax , insanely high income taxes . 
  if taxes like that existed in america , even democrats would cut them , and as to spending cuts , this happened in obama 's term . 
  the problem was n't with the flair , but people reacting to the flair . 
  but the wife wants all the liabilities to be shared but none of the assets , and she wants payment for future expenses not yet incurred . 
  kebab and removing kebab is a euphemism used by the alt-reich to mean muslims . 
  it 's a call for genocide and ethnic cleansing . 
  we americans are very lucky . 
  if you look at the history of revolutions in the world , they do n't have a very good track record . 
  as i said if such a law exists , its clearly unconstitutional . 
  do you have any examples of recent censorship of socialists in the us . 
  sure in the 1920s , there was censorship of socialists and marxist speech . 
  but that standard has long been overturned by the supreme court . 
  the current standard is that the government can never censor any expression because of its viewpoint . 
  it can only do so when there speech is intended to and likely to cause imminent lawless action . 
  your `` entire 20th century '' is just false . 
  and if there were laws like that they would be unconstitutional and would not withstand any judicial scrutiny . 
  what ? 
  i had gotten the impression that macron was a type of metropolitan liberal like justin trudeau . 
  this is one of the first things that has given me pause . 
  you know i think that having one of the most expansive free speech rights in the world as one of the greatest things about america . 
  but then you have '' ~ ~ patriots ~ ~ '' like this guy who think america ought to more like turkey , and i wonder how these people are ever considered patriotic . 
  because the other ways of changing things are worse than the problem they are trying to cure . 
  as opposed to the violence of the revolutionaries , which only serves to make the revolutionaries the people in power . 
  america is an island . 
  it 's a hereditary trait we got from our mother , who also tends to have this island mentality . 
  the laws themselves were a product of the increase in crime and drug that happened in the 1970s and 80s . 
  as the crime rates have dropped there has already been serious progress on the weed front . 
  you can keep thinking america is `` backwards , '' but it 's a rather meaningless attack on america . 
  theresa may has been compared to hitler recently by the prospective leader of the liberal democrats . 
  it is entirely possible to create a commune within today 's liberal capitalist democracies . 
  why do n't these people try that ? 
  instead of making life miserable for the ordinary people . 
  sure , let 's have america get rid of its nukes . 
  when jeremy corbyn is pm of the u.k. , he 'll get rid of uk 's nukes . 
  then the only western country with nuclear weapons will be france , and i am sure the baltic states , eastern europe will simply be delighted that france which ran out of ammunition when fighting gaddafi will be the country to ensure their defense against nuclear russia . 
  most people in almost every country do n't follow everything that is happening in the world . 
  heck , most people do n't follow everything that is happening in politics , and this is n't unique to america only . 
  if you ask those people about things , why is it a surprise that they do n't know world affairs ? 
  they are not interested in them . 
  ask them about their own interests and you 'll find they are generally knowledgeable about this . 
  in this , america is not really that speculator exceptional . 
  it 's just people have had this perception based on edited 5 minute videos showing `` stupid '' americans . 
  i have watched similar type of videos of other countries ' population and yet i would n't conclude that that meant the people of those country were stupid . 
  americans are n't backwards . 
  it 's just that we emphasize proportionate retribution as fundamental to justice . 
  privatization has occurred over the last few decades .
