  in comparison that makes trump look better because at least he has the courtesy of using only twitter and not public funds to disparage public persons . 
  you know there are passages within the bible and the koran that run afoul of the incitement laws of germany . 
  so really the same principle applies . 
  why is incitement of the people tolerated by the government , when that incitement comes from religious books . 
  sometimes dragging america into every single conversation is annoying . 
  you said hate speech laws were well defined , so i asked clarification for cases that i thought showed just how ill-defined they are . 
  if it 's so well defined , perhaps you can illuminate why it is that the u.k. puts people in prison for having posters saying homosexuality is a sin , while allowing the wide availability , distribution , and dissemination of the bible and koran , which at various points say the same thing . 
   america is a system built around bringing wealth from the many to the few . 
  those who lose , lose everything , and the few who win , win more than they could ever use at the cost of the losers . 
  [ the zero-sum fallacy ] ( https://yandoo.wordpress.com/2013/06/18/the-zero-sum-fallacy/ ) the idea that the rich get richer at the expense of the poor is just false . 
  economics is not a zero sum game , where one person 's gain is another person 's loss . 
  bill gates did n't get rich by stealing his money from the poor . 
  the poor do n't have enough money that somebody could spend their time taking their money to get so rich . 
  it just is n't true . 
  the amount of wealth in an economy is n't fixed . 
  the whole basis of free market economics is around free and voluntary economic exchange , that people only engage in if they gain something out of it ( i.e. 
  when i buy an iphone for $ 600 , i lose out on $ 600 , but have gained an iphone . 
  i valued the iphone more than i did the $ 600 . 
  apple has made its money by selling lots of iphones . 
  nobody forced anybody to buy an iphone . 
  it 's not a necessity , like food water , electricity , etc. 
  there are cheaper alternatives . 
  this was a voluntary economic exchange only possible if both sides gain something out of it . 
  1 ) human nature does n't just apply to americans , you know . 
  people will complain and report posts they do n't like , and will not care for the nuances of the law . 
  facebook will choose to just delete those posts rather than face the fine 2 ) i think you seriously underestimate how many anti-immigration extremists there are in europe . 
  in fact , when you ask americans about immigration , most people have a problem with ** illegal ** immigration , and perfectly fine with legal immigration . 
  speaking as an immigrant to the us , america is one of the most immigrant friendly country there exists . 
  it 's just that america is a more open society , where people speak their mind , which is why it may appear that anti-immigration sentiment is far larger than actual reality . 
  the alt-right is an insignificant force in american politics , and i would say will be completely irrelevant by the next presidential election . 
  its exit from british rule , so brexit works, 
  in the same vein , i like this one by abraham lincoln :  as a nation , we begin by declaring that `` all men are created equal . '', 
  we now practically read it `` all men are created equal , except negroes . '', 
  when the [ anti-immigration , nativist parties ] get control , it will read `` all men are created equal , except negroes , and foreigners , and catholics . '', 
  when it comes to this i should prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty-to russia , for instance , where despotism can be taken pure , and without the base alloy of hypocrisy . 
  i am not a lawyer , but as far as i know , the current doctrine is that government can not prohibit speech based on the content . 
  it can have time , place , and manner restrictions , but not content based ones . 
  additionally , true threats are banned , and the current line for incitement is that the speech has to likely cause imminent lawless action . 
  the restrictions are narrow and well-defined . 
  can the courts handle the every single one of the hundreds of thousands of complaints that are going to be filed ? 
  i think not . 
  in fact , would n't it be better that fb only had to remove that content that a court had already determined was unlawful , instead of preemptively removing all controversial content . 
  it seems that might have been a more sensible way that germany chose not to follow . 
  i am pretty sure there are at least a couple of new-nazis in the bundestag . 
  i may be mistaken , in which case you could correct me , but pr allows easy entry into the parliament . 
  hitler was thrown in jail for the beer hall putsch . 
  some of the prominent nazis also faced jail for libeling jews . 
  that did n't seem to stop them . 
  one of the things people do n't realize is that supreme court precedents on free speech changes . 
  in 1870s , the supreme court decided that segregation was legal . 
  in 1954 , it overturned that precedent and decided that segregation was unconstitutional . 
  the `` shouting fire in a crowded theater , '' `` fighting words doctrine '' have all been nulled by decisions with more expansive protection for free speech . 
  using `` fighting words '' as an exception to free speech is like saying that segregation is still constitutional because of that decision in 1870s . 
  it misinformed opinion . 
  hitler and gobbels did n't rise to power because of too much free speech . 
  there were a myriad of more important , more significant causes for their rise . 
  in fact , you could say that free speech was as useful to hitler as proportional representation . 
  should germany get rid of proportional representation because it can be used by extremist to gain easy access to the parliament ? 
  the idea that the cause of the fall of the weimar republic and rise of the nazis had to do with too much free speech is one of the most ridiculous things ever . 
  versailles treaty , wwi , the great depression , flawed constitution , rampant anti-semitism that already existed , weakness of democracy , hindenburg , and luck were the reasons the nazis were able to rise to power . 
  i mean blaming free speech is like blaming proportional representation . 
  sure you might conceive of an argument . 
  however , the fact is there were so many factors that were more important , more significant that the causal link you want to draw between free speech and nazis ' rise to power is very weak , just as it would be to drawing that link with proportional representation . 
  i do n't see you opposing pr because it allows extremists an easy entry into the parliament . 
  that 's not very reliable . 
  is it . 
  any evidence for your claim ? 
  your logic sounds very similar to `` if you have nothing to hide , you should n't be afraid of invasion of privacy . '', 
   if volkswagen shuts down no jobs will be lost in america for example . 
  that 's not true as far as i know . 
  volkswagen does have manufacturing facilities in the us , so does a lot of other german car manufacturers as well as japanese ones . 
  and when similar type of situation has arisen with ford of gm , i do n't think they have been treated differently than others . 
  i think that 's just selective bias confirmation . 
  we tend to have famous prosecutors who get famous by going after a lot of white collar crime in the country . 
  some i assume are good people, 
  that 's called profiling , and suggesting it immediately gets you branded a racist . 
  just because an identity can be broadly defined , with many caveats , nuances , and exception , does n't mean that it does n't exist . 
  no need for an apology . 
  even though france invaded another country and had no legal authority to do that , it worked out really well . 
  examples ? 
  and the eu also has the power to act like the british government . 
  defending a system because it gives you the things you want is n't prudent . 
  what will you do when the system does n't give you the result you would like ? 
  it seem good to surrender power to supranational institutions when they do those things you would like . 
  what will happen when those institution start acting otherwise . 
  once the power is given up , it becomes very difficult to take it back . 
  i believe in federalism . 
  but , federalism is founded on the idea of decentralized power . 
  the eu is n't about decentralizing power , it instead wants to centralize it in eu bureaucracy . 
  new york city area has one of the worst integrated school system in the entire country , even though its filled with minorities and liberal metropolitan types . 
  in contrast , a lot of southern counties are a lot better at integrated schools . 
  similar with police brutality . 
  the worst offenses during the 1960s and 70s came from the northern cities and not the southern ones . 
  on behalf of all americans , i express my sincerest apology for american ( as well as british and canadian ) invasion of france in 1944 . 
  seems to me there is an obvious work around . 
  both parties could agree that if convicted , the sentences will be in line with germany 's rather than the us . 
  are national government incapable of `` funding areas hit by industrial decline , clean beaches and river , clean air , etc. . '' ? 
  are you going to credit scandinavian social democracy to the eu as well ? 
  the eu is n't necessary for achieving most of what you want to credit it for . 
  all the wars the us and uk have been involved in the last 15 years have not been with democratic countries .
