  thanks for the info ... i 'll try it next time, 
  i do n't know , but anytime i see bale , he reminds me of chris hemsworth ... maybe they look alike, 
  come to think of it , so many english players with nigerian roots are playing in england - ross barkley , dele alli , tammy abraham , lookman , ola aina plus the numerous ones that are in the lower division ... it 's ridiculous . 
  so far we 've only been able to get moses and iwobi ; we are courting aina . 
  that 's pretty good ... but , what shall it profit messi if his goals gaineth not his team laliga and ucl ... smh, 
  and i say , like it or not , hate it or not , love it or not , downvote me or not ; cristiano ronaldo ca n't be compared to zidane , pele , maradona , di stefano or messi ... he is the best ever . 
  cr7 is the undisputed goat, 
  likewise messi fanboys...narrow-minded, 
  i 'll go with the flash ( season 2 episode 11 ), 
  flash : eobard thawne ... you died !, 
  reverse-flash - good to know, 
  seriously , i ca n't wait for this two players to retire ... sometimes i go almost insane when i surf the net . 
  it 's time we go back as quickly as possible to the pre ronaldo-messi period, 
  please , i 've seen all the reasons madrid is hated ... but , is there anything to like about them ? 
  tbf , i 'm enjoying the hatred . 
  imagine , everyone is behaving like it 's abnormal for a player to receive a one match ban after a straight red card ... this sub ... smh, 
  i wish in the nearest future , a movie will be made about them ... similar to ` rush ', 
  who 'll act as cr7 ? 
  i wish before they retire , an mls club buys both of them so we can get to watch them play together for one season ... if that day comes , i 'll be shedding tears while watching them play their first match together, 
  but damn !, 
  that second lady in the coffee shop is hot !, 
  i have to give it to this show ; the two reverse flashes are the best comic adapted villain i 've seen in my life , second only to mos 's zod, 
  i think you should check out the movie first, 
  so , what shall be the name of the movie ? 
  guys , please answer this question : what club presently has the best scouting system ? 
  a defence is like an organism . 
  most times , if one or two of the players in a 4-man defence ( same as a 3-man defence ) are not good or are n't playing well , it affects the other good two , that 's why when you praise a defensive team , you tend to praise each of the defenders . 
  it 's different from the forward players where if two are bad , and only one is good , the good one can pull a trick off his sleeve and win a match ... so you can understand why stones does n't look as brilliant as you would expect, 
  kroos is one of the most effective midfielders right now ... outstanding he is, 
  the laliga is better than the epl in all ramifications , it 's not my fault that the english press hype up players and teams prematurely when they 've not attained any feat in europe . 
  rm , barca , atleti , even sevilla and valencia would still dominate this league ... the only team i really hold in high regard is chelsea ; it 's no surprise that they 're top of the league . 
  baily the baller, 
  please guys , i heard that if hoffenheim qualifies for the ucl , they 'll buy iheanacho , is this true ? 
  i ca n't wait for madrid to cross them to death . 
  yeah . 
  but we still have marcelo , kroos , casemiro and modric ... all excellent crossers of the ball, 
  wait until you see them in the final of 2034 world cup, 
  ronaldo is far ahead . 
  if you care about the downvotes , then do n't comment . 
  i think it 's safe to say that he has surpassed stefano and any other madrid great in the legendary status, 
  the goat ... the god, 
  okay then ; the greatest of all time ... is that alright ? 
  look man or whoever the hell you are ... you 're on the wrong site ; go to pornhub ... you belong there . 
  the fifa best player award was n't included - ronaldo 1 - messi 0, 
  while on instagram , there are over 700 million users . 
  now ronaldo 's followers make up a whooping 14.3 % out of the 700 million users ... massiiiiiive !, 
  today we talk about ronaldo ; tomorrow , messi ... i 'm so happy to be alive to witness these two, 
  guys imagine a world where the average defence of a team is juve quality , teams are generally trained to be defensive ... and also to play beautiful and entertaining football ; and at the end of the day , no goals in the match ... in fact the highest scoring sides in the leagues average over 40 goals , how would you feel ? 
  would you like it ? 
  honest answers please, 
  exactly my point ... ronaldo not getting involved most of the time from the middle does n't reduce his outstanding qualities ; ronaldo 's ability of being a predator in the box should therefore not be downplayed ... if you are a midfield maestro but you do n't have results in form of goals ( especially when you are a forward ) , consider your play worthless ; but if you do n't really get involved in the middle but you are most efficient in the box , even if the team plays scrappy , as long as you 're able to get those balls in the back of the net , you 'll be deemed ( to a neutral ) more important than the former . 
  let me let you in on a personal monitoring of a player-okocha - okocha ( if you really knew him ) to me was on par with ronaldinho , but what made the latter to be more recognized was his end products - goals ; whereas okocha was more in for the entertainment and fun of the game ( which is good by the way ) . 
  so , let us not downplay ronaldo 's achievement and his awesomeness in that 18-yard box just because ` he does n't involve in play or make dribbles or make blistering runs from deep in the field ' ; messi is good in what he does ( playmaking , dribblings and trickery from the middle ) and he should be appreciated ; ronaldo is also good in what he does ( good of ball movements in the box , impeccable timing and efficiency in goalscoring ) and he should not be downplayed . 
  let 's just appreciate messi and cristiano ronaldo for who they are . 
  why the hell should anyone downvote this post . 
  by the way , good gesture from muntari ... there are n't much like him out there these days, 
  i remember those days when he was still in united ; there was this particular pair of green boots he wore ( he used it most of the time in the ucl ) , it made him stand out even more ... i do n't know why , but i always wanted to see him play with them, 
  yes i remember that too, 
  it has to be justice league - i ca n't wait to see a team-up of my favourite superheroes in an epic showdown ; considering wonder woman 's rave and positivities surrounding it , i think jl will break the box office ... ca n't wait, 
  wow !, 
  this is the best trailer i 've watched this year ; this movie will definitely have better action scenes than any dceu movie so far ... and that is saying a lot about this movie . 
  please guys when will the review embargo be lifted ? 
  i bet steve will say something like that to diana in that scene, 
  ok , thanks, 
  guys , whose happiness do you care for , ronaldo or buffon ? 
  upvote for ronaldo , downvote for buffon, 
  wow !, 
  ronaldo is a god - hatrick + brace against neuer ; hatrick against oblak ... the finals against buffon will be electric . 
  kudos to buffon ... he 's a goat in the goalpost, 
  please guys forgive me ... this is off-topic . 
  so , i was thinking about how green lantern could be introduced into the dceu and i thought of this ( please give your opinion if you if you have other ideas ) - what if at the ending of the justice league movie , when steppenwolf is defeated and they are having drinks or at some rendezvous , then suddenly a bright green light in the sky flashes with hal falling and forming a crater ... the league goes to check it out and then hal introduces himself as a gl corp and tells them of an imminent threat heading for earth , the jl members look at themselves in a confused manner ( like , wth is going on ) , and then the movie ends . 
  how do you guys see that ? 
  i know , but my browser was messing up so i just decided to chip it in here ... forgive me, 
  seriously guys ... i think there is a huge gap between the elite-4 ( realmadrid , bayern munich , juventus and barcelona ) and the whole epl . 
  but , you may be shocked that someone like sane could be bought by maybe bayern and in the next few years , it would be like he has been a world class player from the cradle ... this is because when the elite-4 goes for these players ( of course they 'll have to be good to an extent with a lot of potentials ) and buys them , you 'll notice that they improve their game rapidly and step up a notch in their performances ... this is due to the fact of the awareness of playing in a top or elite club . 
  so , sometimes , you ca n't really judge how an epl player will perform in the elite-4 until you actually see him in that club, 
  apart from cr7 ; modric , marcelo and kroos ( isco too ) have been the best players this season ... undoubtedly , we have the best midfield in the world . 
  edit : also , modric is the combination of iniesta and xavi, 
  nah nah nah ... pls do n't jinx it . 
  let 's win the ucl before we start talking about supercup, 
  do n't you think the element of surprise ( the audience going in not having a single hint that gl will emerge at the tail end of the movie ) in the movie will even create more hype for justice league 2 and also , by the time the word of mouth spreads , people who were n't interested in jl1 will decide to watch it ? 
  yeah !, 
  that 's also a good idea, 
  i think it should be hal . 
  john is somewhat serious but hal is pretty much like barry ... i 'd like a situation where there is a balance between dark/gritty and humour , and hal obviously clicks the right buttons for that ... john is n't bad either, 
  lol ... i 'm not talking about something as cheesy and ridiculous as that, 
  with proper planning , it can be done, 
  yeah !, 
  more like supergirl, 
  i 'm not really a cinema guy ; it 's only wonder woman and the mummy i 'll be going to watch this year, 
  we should be getting to a stage where we do n't go to the cinemas , but the cinemas come to us . 
  the cinemas should provide a platform whereby instead of going there to watch a movie , you can stay at the comfort of your home with your device , pay a fee and then watch the movie ; also while doing that , stiff measures should be put in place to stop or discourage any form of online piracy . 
  with this system put in place properly , so many people ( i have so many friends that do n't go to the cinemas , they prefer to wait for the dvd or look for a pirated copy ` cos they do n't have time for cinemas ) who do n't go to the cinema will have an alternative and those cinemas will make as much money if not more from streaming online . 
  not exactly , the 2nd film could be about an alien infiltration of some sort with jl trying to fish them out , then at the ending , a major battle ensues ( i ca n't think of a large scale dc/jl villain that is n't alien ... darkseid , antimonitor , steppenwolf , doomsday , gl villains , thanegarians , etc, 
  chelsea !!!, 
  serial winners, 
  actually , i think that they are pretty much the same , but since grant has n't acted a movie , you just ca n't see him in the role on the cinema screen ... i understand that by the way, 
  you know she was n't created for just the world wars right ? 
  for now , no ... 
  you guys are hilarious .
