  you americans are really gullible , you 're just swaying to the wind of all these fake news ( no pun intended ) media . 
  this is n't a big issue , but you 've been moulded into looking at the issue in a negative light ... poor masses, 
  yes , you have a point too, 
  i 'm a dc comics fan , though i enjoy every marvel movie . 
  so far , i 've been satisfied with the portrayals of superman and batman despite ` public opinions ' . 
  the people who are n't okay with their portrayals ( especially superman ) are n't okay because they 've read it from the comics and they have a preconceived notion on how superman is supposed to be . 
  it 's far much easier for marvel to adapt their comic characters to the big screen than dc ; look at dc 's core-superman , batman , wonder woman , flash , aquaman , cyborg and gl ; out of these , it 's only cyborg , wondy and batman that would be easy to adapt , the rest are very hard ... it 's a make or break situation , that 's why people find it hard to buy this superman , though he 's the best we could get ( the burial and candle scenes will make it more believable when in justice league , the whole world actually looks upon supes as a shining beacon of hope ; the world would have already had a history with superman , just enough to have total trust in superman ... i dare say far more believable than reeves ' version ) unless we want some campy unbelievable stuff like reeves ' version . 
  if bvs was named something else ( maybe an original character , not comic adaptation ) , the people would have called it a masterpiece , same for mos . 
  so far , i 'm satisfied with how the dc characters are portrayed , they appeal to me alot ; and i 'm also cool with marvel 's too , though a huge majority of their movies do n't have the rewatch appeal to me ... just a one/two watch thing, 
  that 's good for him ; he 'll have more game time and also be a starter , he 's my best pl young player ... it really annoys me when i hear people say he 's not a buildup player, 
  i have a feeling something interesting is about to happen . 
  the situation is this : neymar has gotten angrier with barcelona that he wo n't like to play for them again because of this transfer hindrance ; at the same time , laliga does n't want a superstar to leave their league meanwhile ney does n't want to play for barca again , this is where real comes in . 
  i see uncle flo going to discuss neymar 's deal , telling them that he wants to get him , in that way , laliga will retain their superstar player but just at the expense of barca ; and since neymar does n't want barca , it 'll be easy for him to be convinced to join realmadrid ; barca wo n't be able to do anything ( madrid and lfp will strongarm them into selling him ), 
  i have a feeling something interesting is about to happen . 
  the situation is this : neymar has gotten angrier with barcelona that he wo n't like to play for them again because of this transfer hindrance ; at the same time , laliga does n't want a superstar to leave their league meanwhile ney does n't want to play for barca again , this is where real comes in . 
  i see uncle flo going to discuss neymar 's deal , telling them that he wants to get him , in that way , laliga will retain their superstar player but just at the expense of barca ; and since neymar does n't want barca , it 'll be easy for him to be convinced to join realmadrid ; barca wo n't be able to do anything ( madrid and lfp will strongarm them into selling him ), 
  the signing of valverde is the beginning of barca woes . 
  those of you claiming that the 2nd team ( mayoral , ceballos , achraf and llorente ) does n't look impressive should not decide immediately ; i assure you , by the mid-end of this season , it 'll just be how it was when james and morata were with us ... genuine world-beaters on all sides . 
  if messi leaves , barca is done ; the transfer fee will be huuuge ... ca n't fault that especially when it 's one of thetwo best players in the world, 
  please , this is not recency bias , i am being very objective here ... if you disagree with my opinion , please state your reasons, 
  please you guys should hear me out , i asked more complete team not better team . 
  the question about better team is an argument for another day, 
  all teams need luck , barca had a lot too ( ask pep 's bayer : possession and not 1 ucl ) . 
  also madrid broke their record of highest number of matches unbeaten . 
  that barca might ( to some people ) have had a better gameplay , but they could not change a game 's pace or pattern in a click . 
  people claim they did n't dominate ... but what 's the need when you 're achieving the same result ? 
  ( btw , i think they dominate as good as that barca , just differently ), 
  i 've started loving him since he left barca ... ha !, 
  finally !!, 
  guys !, 
  guys !, 
  just imagine a psg team that has ronaldinho , jay jay okocha and neymar ... it would have been really filthy, 
  my predictions :, 
  the ox to liverpool, 
  bale to manchester united, 
  wow !, 
  nice ; but this is an overhead kick , not a scissors kick, 
  looking at this makes me wonder , how does ronaldo shine with a team that is not as good as messi 's argentina ? 
  is it that there 's too much quality on the pitch that the argentines are n't compatible as a team ? ... 
  it baffles me, 
  he 'll eventually agree ; we have good incentive to lure him , the world cup . 
  if he pledges to nigeria , he 'll have more chances than at england ... good one, 
  dc 's new logo ( the one used in wonder woman ) ... it 's very beautiful https://m.youtube.com/watch?_e_pi_=7%2cpage_id10%2c5555636418, 
  i think tho is our best for now :, 
  isco, 
  mayoral . 
  ronaldo, 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  iheanacho has been scoring but rashford 's progress seems to be stalling . 
  do you think he should be loaned , because it wo n't be good if he goes down in history as another overhyped english talent ; whereas his counterpart in the other side of manchester keeps banging in goals . 
  what do you think ? 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  i was thinking about how green lantern could be introduced into the dceu and i thought of this ( please give your opinion if you if you have other ideas ) - what if at the ending of the justice league movie , when steppenwolf is defeated and they are having drinks or at some rendezvous , then suddenly a bright green light in the sky flashes with hal falling and forming a crater ... the league goes to check it out, 
  and then hal introduces himself as a gl corp and tells them of an imminent threat heading for earth , the jl members look at themselves in a confused manner ( like , wth is going on ) , and then the movie ends . 
  how do you guys see that ? 
  do you folks know that the dctv universe could still be part of the dceu ? 
  yes , it can , and the flash is the key ... i have a theory about the flash movie which can introduce the multiverse ( dctv included ) -, 
  in the beginning of the flash movie ( eobard thawne will be the villain ) , ebarry ( ezra ) is chilling at home at night and doing some science stuff when suddenly lightning flashes through the sky and then gbarry ( grant ) arrives , then a short conversation ensues like :, 
  ebarry : who are you ? 
  gbarry : i 'm the flash, 
  ebarry : no , i 'm the flash, 
  gbarry realizes that he 's not in his own universe . 
  gbarry then explains the multiverse theory and also tells him about his fight with eoboard thawne ; ebarry then reveals to gbarry that there 's a thawne in his world . 
  gbarry tells ebarry not to trust him , he then builds a treadmill with the help of ebarry and then travels back to his universe . 
  what if after this conversation , it then leads ebarry to investigate eoboard thawne which then leads to an epic showdown as well as subsequently introducing other multiverse stories ? 
  please , give your opinions, 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  black panther is the richest superhero in the whole of marvel comics ( definitely mcu too ) ; he 's worth $ 500billion , ahead of ironman ( $ 100billion ), 
  wakanda is the most developed and technologically advanced country in the world but does n't prefer conspicuousness, 
  wakanda is the only country in the world that has vibranium as a natural resource ( vibranium is more valuable than gold ), 
  black panther is not just the richest superhero in marvel , but he 's also the richest in all comicbooks , beating the likes of ironman ( preciously mentioned ) , batman ( $ 70billion ) , green arrow , professor xavier , etc, 
  i 'm really hyped for bp ... my most anticipated movie for 2018 . 
  ironman : despite the fact that rdj is a really popular actor , he 'll eventually part ways with marvel ( that 's for sure ) . 
  i think tony will get older ( he should be already ) and retire from being ironman ; he 'll then resort to helping the avengers and the government behind the scene with his financial strength and with new gadgets ( he loves making toys ) . 
  hulk : bruce banner has already started living as an awol character due to his rage problem , so we can be rest assured he 'll be pretty done with being an avenger . 
  thor : probably after ragnarok ( and avengers 3 ) , he 'll go back to asgard to reign as king after defeating loki ( his father might probably be dead by then ) ... so he 'll be restricted to once in a blue moon visits to earth , meaning he 'll not be an active avenger , at the beck and call of planet earth anymore . 
  black widow : she 's just a high ranking shield agent turned avenger , so she 'll have to retire ; if we are to go by her mcu romance , she may decide to go on a personal mission to find bruce ... which means she wo n't be an avenger anymore . 
  hawkeye : this is pretty straightforward ; just like bw , he 's an agent turned avenger , so he 's much older by now and will have to retire ; plus , he has a wife and kids to care for ... so he too is out . 
  captain america : well , he dropped his shield in cw , so that 's a given . 
  now that the mcu has successfully phased those out , a ` new avengers ' will be formed , consisting of : falcon , doctor strange , black panther , vision , scarlet witch , antman and spiderman ( bucky is still in cryo plus he may decide that he does n't deserve to be an avenger due to his antecedents ) . 
  king t'challa will replace stark as the moneybag of the team ( with better gadgets too ) . 
  tl , dr - hulk , thor , ironman , black widow , hawkeye and captain america will be phased out of the mcu to be replaced with black panther , spiderman , antman , vision , scarlet witch and falcon . 
  ( bucky is still in cryo plus he may decide that he does n't deserve to be an avenger due to his antecedents ) . 
  [ removed ], 
  despite the divisiveness of the dceu , there are a lot of things to be praised about in this universe : the cinematography , scores , uniqueness of each of the movie and their distinctiveness . 
  there are a number of things that count as the dceu 's strength too -, 
  the villains ( zod , ludendorff , etc ) , it 's not a stereotypical ` fun ' universe and it tries to answer some realistic questions especially in man of steel and batman vs superman . 
  so , what other things do you think are the strength of the dceu ? 
  in the early years of the mcu franchise , it felt fresh to have a cinematic ` universe ' ; ironman1 came out , ca : tfa , thor then the avengers . 
  but there was one thing that was always there - ` fun ' ; at the time it was enjoyable because there was nothing like it before , but now it 's just the same ; every movie has unnecessary and totally pointless quips and one-liners that do n't add anything to the main plot of the movie . 
  things became even worse after the second avengers movie , then antman and most recently gotg2 ; i 've not watched spiderman but i can bet it 'll be the same thing . 
  cinematic universes like fox 's x-men and the dceu are more daring with great movies like logan , bvs , man of steel . 
  the mcu has gone out of ideas and just want to make ` fun ' movies , it 's getting old , i 've not seen any person that went to see gotg2 more than twice and i hardly hear of such people on the net . 
  in the coming years , people might decide to see mcu movies just once or just wait for blu-ray because they are basically the same thing ... i believe there are a lot of people that share this same belief , right ?
