  of course !, 
  bale will aways be remembered as the more committed player to the national team . 
  giggs got less than 80 caps in more than 15 years of football ; which welsh fan would ever be happy with that ? 
  bale is the best welsh player of all time so far , giggs is nowhere close . 
  imagine if nigeria qualified , a good number of teams would feel it, 
  arsenal - alex iwobi, 
  watford - odion ighalo , isaac success, 
  manchester city - iheanacho, 
  impressive !, 
  yet some people say he 's inexperienced and he 's just lucky ... luck alone could n't have taken him this far, 
  please why is iheanacho not given minutes ? 
  he has n't played for a month now ... it seems pellegrini treated him better , that 's why he caught everyone 's eyes , i feel really bad for him and i think he should leave city or he 'll risk his career, 
  you 're wrong !, 
  if a pacey player like bale is in a possession playing team , he will thrive well from good positioning ( being at the right place at the right time ) and from good off-ball movement . 
  with that , he 'll make good use of his pace and it will be effective , that 's why muller is able to thrive at bayern , so being pacey works very well in a possession playing team, 
  like it or not , realmadrid are the best team in the world now, 
  yes , but the unbeaten streak puts all doubts to bed, 
  the most effective young striker in the world , too bad he does n't have much minutes with city, 
  i love this madrid team , my friends tell me that they do n't have a particular play pattern or formation , it 's one of the reasons why they are hard to beat, 
  arry who ? 
  consistency !, 
  this spanish teams have dominated for a long time , and honestly i do n't think any of the top 5 leagues are ready to take that mantle from the laliga ... the dominance could still continue for the next 3-5 years, 
  we need more of that from him, 
  crazy stat ... coach zidane is the perfect zidane, 
  i 'm sorry this is off the topic but i heard rumuors that spurs want iheanacho in january ; considering the fact that they are really short on striking options , could this be true ? 
  bring him back wenger asap ... we need more kelechis in the premier league , anyway i hope he does well and earns a place in arsenal, 
  well i do n't know because spurs find it hard to score , jansen and son score every now and then plus i fear that most likely nacho will go down in the pecking order when jesus comes , so it 'll be better that maybe we loan him out for some gametime, 
  not suprised . 
  cr7 is a huge franchise, 
  that 's good for mancity : aguero - iheanacho - gabriel jesus ... they just need to upgrade their defence then they 'll be good to go again, 
  realmadrid fan here - iheanacho should leave this club asap , he should push to leave for a club where he can get his deserved minutes ... i do n't like the way guardiola is treating him . 
  after the last match i knew that nacho would n't start this game ... he 's just killing the poor lad 's confidence, 
  go for victor moses - he 's fast , energetic , always goes forward and tracks back as fast as he went forward and he is a good man marker ... he 'll be reminiscent of daniel alves if he is bought , check him out, 
  iheanacho should play st, 
  well , you could say chelsea has a very strong defence , but someone has to make those crunch time saves , so good job courtois, 
  lol !, 
  you 're just trying to say `` whatever , messi is the best '' even though ronaldo seems to have the better stats, 
  that 's proof that cristiano ronaldo is the goat . 
  if you agree with me , upvote me ... let 's show the messi fanatics that they 're not the only ones on this subreddit, 
  i did n't see anything, 
  i begged my friend ( an arsenal fan ) to join me in watching a barcelona match ... he later caught me chatting on a manu subreddit , he got angry and left , told me i was not serious, 
  i think realmadrid have just one identity - winning, 
  cristiano ronaldo, 
  for me :, 
  1 ) cristiano, 
  2 ) ronaldo, 
  gulf, 
  3 ) messi, 
  well i rate him because of his end product - ronaldo ( brazilian ) was very skillful , scored good amounts of goals , but he was never as effective as cristiano is now at 31 . 
  i like the two ronaldos but cristiano is the better ... by a few inches, 
  messi is in the same league with ronaldo , i do n't understand the need to distance both of them, 
  i know , that does n't mean messi is better than cr7 ... like you said , they play different styles and they are the best ever in their area ( s ) of concentration, 
  that might be true , but he is not the best player in history , he is one of the best players in history alongside ronaldo ... so , no , they do n't need to be distanced, 
  imo , he 's the best player ever . 
  wow !, 
  it seems like anytime he scores , he breaks a new record, 
  well , that sums up ronaldo 's year ... phenomenal, 
  not to be biased but iheanacho should be in the place of gabriel jesus if jesus is there ... jesus has n't yet proved himself to any extent , at least not in england , and though he 's achieved some national team milestone , so has iheanacho for his country, 
  i 'm not implying that the epl is the best league , of course it 's not , what i meant was that jesus won the olympics and scored and assisted a good number of goals for his country , so has iheanacho . 
  iheanacho did n't go to the olympics but his team won bronze , what if he was there ? 
  so , as far as national team is concerned with the two , there is absolutely no difference - iheanacho is the highest goal scorer and has the highest goal/min ratio for his national team this year . 
  but , in club , iheanacho edges jesus - he 's playing in the premier league which is definitely better than the brazilian league and he scores almost every time , he has one of the best goals/shots on target stats and presently has the best goal/min ratio in the history of the epl , so , iheanacho should be there , not gabriel jesus, 
  i 'm saying you ca n't use the olympics to judge because iheanacho did n't participate , that 's why i asked , supposing he participated , the story might have been different . 
  mind you , i 'm judging them on what they were involved in , not what they were n't involved in and also their respective impacts in their national teams , which is basically the same - both had tremendous impacts on their national teams in the activities they were involved in, 
  that 's pathetic, 
  i 'm on top of the world, 
  you 're wrong koeman , messi is great , not the goat ; there are goats ( maradona , pele , cristiano ronaldo , ronaldo9 , messi ) , but there is no goat , frankly speaking , if there is a goat ... it 'll be cr7 , i guess you already know that, 
  anytime i look at these big clubs like liverpool and see how thin their squad is , i just thank heavens that we have depth ... who know where we would be with this injury storm, 
  iheanacho had a quicker impact tbh, 
  that 's what makes aguero 's own more spectacular or ` intervention-esque ', 
  do you know that if nigeria qualified for this afcon , they would have the most popular players in their team than the other teams ? 
  concerning a new rb to replace alves , i think victor moses will be a perfect replacement - he 's strong , fast , can go forward and track back in quick succession and he can also score goals ... i think buying him next summer and probably getting wenger also will boost the team more than you could ever imagine . 
  i feel that this will end in a 1-1 draw : monaco will score quite early , then in the last 20 minutes of the match a super sub ( iheanacho or nolito ) comes in and equalizes in a kind of goal scramble, 
  i could n't stop laughing ... i love this club, 
  i think united has this game in the coffin, 
  what if you guys get this ndidi player from leicester for the dm role ... he 's really good in it, 
  you mean stadia ? 
  best clutch player in the history of the game . 
  legend, 
  my man !, 
  manchester united and 6th, 
  le assist, 
  so , finally , which team would win ? 
  give your verdicts, 
  well , if crosses will win you the league and ucl , then why not ? 
  this may just be another fairytale ... you 'll never know, 
  ca n't wait for them to win the world cup , beating afghanistan in the finals ... what a day that would be ... 
  wow !, 
  that 's dope, 
  well , what can i say ... the arrowverse subs lives for the shitposts ; so let it begin, 
  well , if it were a movie , we wo n't be attached to the characters as much as we are right now . 
  we got to learn very well about mick and snart , jax and stein on the flash ; sara and ray on arrow ; then a full season to delve into rip , the hawks , amaya and nate.we are even invested in the lod characters . 
  as much as i love this show , it ca n't be adapted to a movie , it 's just perfect as a tv show, 
  i admire players who do n't allow football to impede their educational pursuit , and chiellini is one of them, 
  i do n't know why , but this news gave me gulf war vibes ... in a trump era ; did anyone feel that too ? 
  who knew that tree would be this small, 
  sometimes the best way to focus is to stress about your opponent ... you 'll never know, 
  you 're right . 
  one has to find out the players ' strengths and weaknesses psychologically and use it on them to their advantage ; with that , they 'll be able to perform better, 
  if we win this , then i 'm sure we 'll beat bayern on tuesday .
