  come to think of it , both bayern and us are having our fiercest tests in our respective leagues - bayern plays borrusia , we play atletico, 
  pep will be back with a bang next season , i feel it coming . 
  who says chelsea wo n't sell hazard ? 
  more ridiculous things have been done in this game , my friend, 
  in a universe like the arrowverse , its very possible ; the shows are so connected , this is probably the most connected live action universe presently , so it 's not a bad idea, 
  you 're right ; nevertheless , still a stern test for them, 
  this goal vs ndidi 's goal for goal of the month, 
  just the news i needed at this time, 
  the other negative post concerning the box office predictions are false, 
  if uncle flo removes him from being coach , he should still make him the assistant manager to a much better manager ; with that , zizou 's knowledge about the tactics will be wider ... it 's a win win situation, 
  rubbish !, 
  human beings are never satisfied !, 
  when he scores goals and shoots at any opportunity , he 's criticized and called selfish ; now he 's more of a team player and he is still being criticized for lack of appetite ; i say to hell with these damn critics !, 
  my top 10 no order, 
  ronaldo , neymar , messi , kroos , bale , higuain , modric , neuer , lewandowski , griezmann, 
  edit : please , can someone explain to me why i 'm being downvoted , i do n't understand, 
  he means ronaldo and messi account for over 20 % of laliga goals in the past five years , and as you , know , they are tons of goals between them, 
  lucky for leicester , ndidi is an adequate replacement ; he 's taller , more versatile , good ball retention skill , better than kante in aerial duels , he also has the ability to dominate the midfield ... the scouts really did a good work ; on wednesday , ndidi will pronounce himself to the world with a dominating performance ... watch out, 
  i rate benzema highly ; on his day , he 's like hot knife through butter to opponents ' defence ; he is still a very lethal player , still among the top 5 strikers in the world despite his shortcomings, 
  it 's really weird because i ca n't feel the hype for the movie like i felt for vol .1, 
  honestly , i prefer dc 's way of advertising ; it is actually a few weeks beforehand that advertising intensifies, 
  wonder woman ... it just causes you to keep on staring, 
  trump has made the usa more enigmatic than it already is, 
  because of speedforce ; when travelling at such speed , the voice also travels ... never mind ... it 's speedforce, 
  arrow - cliches diggle : guys , can we have the room ? 
  diggle : look oliver , man ... it 's not your fault, 
  oliver : he broke me , and he 's right ; everyone i care about always ends up dead, 
  the flash - cliches, 
  barry sobs ... walks into the hallway ... 
  `` i 'll talk to him '' ... iris follows behind him, 
  iris : barry , barry ... it 's not your fault, 
  barry : no , it is ... all these trouble , it 's me ... ( he bubbleheads ), 
  iris : no barry , we are all part of this , we want to help . 
  barry : no , i wo n't let anyone pay for my mistakes anymore ... i 'm going to fix this, 
  barry storms out of the lab ... iris looks at him like she wants to cry, 
  i 'm going to say it here ; if gomes plays , barca will lose ... he should n't play, 
  god !, 
  that was awesome, 
  no , because barry is my best flash and grant is my best live action flash, 
  tattoo the flash symbol on your chest , then also tattoo one or both of your arms with the side-view of the head of the flash in suit, 
  yeah !, 
  they nailed grodd 's design, 
  i hope lewandowski has a runny stomach . 
  robben gets injured in training and kimmich gets a red card in the 1st minute of the match . 
  ter stegen is an average goalkeeper that may not be a starter for some clubs . 
  the msn and the spanish team he plays for are so good that he gets overlooked most of the time . 
  he has some magical moments , but he is still average, 
  you do n't need to prove anything gigi , you 've earned your stripes and cemented your legendary status in goalkeeping for a long time, 
  just like people chose to focus on ronaldo 's `` lack of goals '' when he was creating chances for his teammates and being more of a team player these last few weeks ... it goes both ways for the two players, 
  as a realmadrid fan , i wo n't like us to meet juve in the semis or in the final ... hoping they 'll draw atleti so that they can do the dirty job for us , we meet them again in the finals and win again ( by now , they 'll have a high psychological mountain to climb if they have to beat madrid , the same squad has lost twice in three years to the same team ; i 'll prefer atleti over any team for a final because of that ), 
  if real meets these guys , they 'll use aerial threats and crosses to put them down , trust me, 
  what if we buy him and loan him to a ucl club and we get him back to be a starter straightaway ( benz would be sold by then ... i think ), 
  if ronaldo was playing for this united team in this match , they 'd have left anderlecht in the dust by around the 60th minute with the tons of chances coming their way, 
  this, 
  realmadrid fan here , i come in peace : if you guys decide to settle for a 3-4-3 formation , then you should consider getting victor moses from chelsea . 
  he 's a top class rwb ; also , if you switch to 4-3-3 , he can serve as rb and be just like alves due to his attacking prowess, 
  i understand , but the reason messi goes really deep i believe , is because of how depleted or bad your midfield is right now . 
  but if your new coach makes a little tweak , puts messi back to focus on on his rw job and then gets verrati , one more top class midfielder that will be ` heir ' to iniesta and then get moses ; i think you 'll be ready for next season more than you think , also , it will help to bring back that high-pressing football that you 've been missing this season, 
  i wo n't like us to meet juve in the semis or in the final ... hoping they 'll draw atleti so that they can do the dirty job for us , we meet them again in the finals and win again ( by now , they 'll have a high psychological mountain to climb if they have to beat madrid , the same squad has lost twice in three years to the same team ; i 'll prefer atleti over any team for a final because of that ), 
  believe me or not , if atletico meet juve in the final ( i pray not ) it 'll be another leicester atleti match , i ca n't stand it, 
  one of zidane 's biggest priorities last summer was to get the italian fitness coach antonio pintus to join the club and i feel like his part in this seasons results is rarely discussed . 
  when the major clubs of europe were chasing superstars zizou was chasing lyon 's fitness coach . 
  zidane has since the beginning emphasized the importance of fitness more than any of the recent coaches and it could very well be something he holds onto from his days in juventus where the players had to endure a very hard training regiment to maintain the high level of fitness required by the club at the time . 
  there has been several reports about zidane carrying out `` mini '' pre-seasons to get fitness levels up during breaks and the fact that he chose to put the team through intense fitness schedules during the time we `` gained '' after being eliminated from cdr due to the cheryshev controversy instead of giving them rest really spoke volumes about his mentality . 
  in ancelotti 's book he talks about getting into arguments with florentino perez because he felt like the team needed rest but zidane 's approach is completely different . 
  there are two things about this seasons that stand out to me and both are in a very big way connected to the fitness team where pintus is the spearhead . 
  one is that we have had an insane amount of injuries and the other is that we have scored an insane amount of vital goals in the dying minutes of the games . 
  i think we can all agree that the amount of injuries we have had to such important players is unacceptable and has had a very negative impact on our season to say the least . 
  it would be crazy not to connect the dots when the amount of injuries go up along with the intensity of the training sessions . 
  it could be that pintus ' and zidane 's philosophy when it comes to fitness is a bit outdated and it could lead to us having more of these injury problems . 
  another possibility is that the injuries are just due to bad luck or that they are just a part of the process of acclimatization to the new fitness program . 
  there certainly are a fair amount of examples in different clubs where you can see a large amount of injuries following a change in the fitness coach/staff . 
  it 's hard to tell from the outside what the cause of these recent injuries are , it could also very well be due to incompetent doctors . 
  now to the good . 
  neutral fans often speak of the `` luck '' zidane and real madrid 's team has had this season , the amount of points/goals we have got in the dying minutes of the games is ridiculous . 
  but maybe luck has nothing to do with it . 
  maybe all those late minute points and goals are the fruits of zidanes philosophy and the competence of antonio pintus . 
  i certainly feel like there is a clear difference in the energy levels that the players have in the final minutes of the games compared to previous seasons and if that indeed is the case we need to give some credit to zidane and pintus . 
  we are approaching the end of the season and we are about to play the most important games of the season . 
  if we showcase a level fitness and energy that stands out compared to previous seasons and compared to other teams we really need to praise the choices zidane has made . 
  alot teams are exhausted and burnt out in the closing stages of the season , if we even have the slightest advantage in that regard it could be the difference between winning cl/la liga and having a trophyless season . 
  i 've read alot about the vital role that simeone 's fitness team played in the amazing transformation that atleti had when they went from being perpetual losers to being one of the most feared teams on the planet and i 'm hoping that zidanes mentality will also help us reach our full potential . 
  we usually have the advantage when it comes to the technical side of football , if we can add a physical advantage to that we could be a very very hard team to beat during the coming years . 
  twenty eight of the victims died on the spot while two died in the hospital . 
  about 50 others were injured . 
  at least 30 persons died of electrocution on thursday night in calabar while watching the europa football league match between manchester united and anderlecht . 
  twenty eight of the victims died on the spot while two died in the hospital . 
  about 50 others were injured . 
  the incident happened at around 9.30 pm at nyagasang area of atimbo in calabar municipality local government area of the state . 
  nan learnt the electrocution of the victims happened when a nearby transformer exploded twice during the match . 
  the second time , the high tension wire snapped and dropped on the viewing centre built with zinc . 
  an eye witness told nan that when the transformer exploded the first time , it brought so much panic , with dozens of people leaving the centre . 
  `` we were all inside watching the match when we heard the first explosion from the transformer ; the heavy sound caused panic because some people shouted and ran out . 
  `` after a while , we came back into the viewing centre to continue with the match . 
  shortly , we heard another heavy sound and when some people tried to run away from the centre , they were affected . 
  `` over 50 of us escaped death yesterday because we were standing by the door watching the game '' , he said . 
  a nan correspondent who visited the viewing centre said it was built with zinc and part of it was burnt by the cable that fell on it . 
  inside , the installed fans and the television screen were all burnt . 
  asp irene ugbo , the state police public relations officer , confirmed the incident to nan in an interview . 
  `` we have heard of the incident , some of the people were rushed to the university of calabar teaching hospital for treatment . '' the chief medical director of the hospital said a statement would be released in a few hours,
