  do you think it 's the same showrunners that 'll handle them ? 
  they 'll be directed , supervised , all by the movie directors ... it 's not their acting that makes it cheesy , it 's the script ... stop blaming them, 
  because of the cheesiness ? 
  yes , they 'll be there, 
  well , i do n't blame them ; until you lose something , you 'll never value ... hope they come to appreciate both, 
  wondy looks like a chinese i the life size statue ... look closely, 
  of all time, 
  you 're right ; i also remember one where messi ran to ter stegen , beckoned on him to give the ball and then he dribbled all 11 opposition players and scored ... bollocks, 
  it 's people like you that impede relative development in human philosophy ; how can you say this rubbish when he just scored a thunderbolt ( his second goal ) against sevilla ; how can you say that when he scored a flying rocket of a goal against atletico , how , how can you say that when he scored a toni kroos-esque goal from 30 yards for portugal in their last qualifier ? 
  how ? 
  are you this delusional ? 
  messi had his chance ... in the era of prime xavi-iniesta-busquet ... so do n't mention that crap, 
  he signed the poster . . omg !!, 
  same with ronaldo ... so stop talking like messi never had great service from the midfield . 
  messi had his chance , he took it ; ronaldo has his chance now and he 's also taking it, 
  well in that case , there is no point in talking to you ... goodluck with your messi fanboyism, 
  exactly !, 
  my best among all his memorable themes is the reverse flash theme ... that theme is better than any marvel movie theme bar ca : tws and the avengers . 
  i think dc should hire him for some of the movies, 
  exactly !, 
  my best among all his memorable themes is the reverse flash theme ... that theme is better than any marvel movie theme bar ca : tws and the avengers . 
  i think dc should hire him for some of the movies, 
  snyder us the reason why the action scenes are captivating ... we all know this is jenkins ' work but let 's also acknowledge snyder 's work in it ; at the end of the day , it 's a win win for dceu, 
  no ... not until he joins mancity, 
  no ... not until he joins mancity, 
  always there when we need him most ... that 's why he 's the best . 
  nice goal ... i tell you , the day ronaldo and messi leaves the scene , football would need to have a reboot ... we 've been spoilt, 
  compared to the wonder woman posters , this is utter crap ... i 'm disappointed, 
  18 minutes out of 141 minutes?cool, 
  i do n't really know ruffalo , but he looks like the only guy that portrays his normal nature even in the marvel movies - calm and cool-headed, 
  mos : superman vs zod, 
  bvs : warehouse fight, 
  tws : elevator fight, 
  wonder woman : wonder woman vs german soldiers, 
  avengers : new york battle, 
  watchmen-where 's my face ? - rorschach ( when asking the lawyer in prison ), 
  nanite bombs ... for each member of task force x, 
  guys , this may sound crazy , but i wo n't be surprised if this movie reaches a billion or over 1.5 billion ... i feel it coming ... the rt reviews will be north of 95 %, 
  as a barca fan , i think ronaldo is better ... but , like figo , i wo n't choose between them ... let 's just enjoy both, 
  you maybe right ... but i still hope for the 1billion, 
  he 's my second ` coolest guy ' footballer after xabi alonso ... i hope he wins another trophy and retires in grand style ... he deserves all the laurels and encomiums, 
  let 's do this !!!!!!!, 
  this is good news i 'm hearing . 
  something tells me this movie wo n't go below 90 % ; so far , i think its realistic, 
  it 's moved up to 96 % ... wow !, 
  this is good, 
  97 % now ... wonderful, 
  i have n't watched it yet , but comparing this with mos , which final battle is more spectacular ( because i really loved mos 's ) ? 
  thanks ... seems illegal still be in for a treat, 
  i say the both films are at par, 
  it 's currently at $ 97 million ... and still counting ... it will certainly cross a $ 100 million, 
  unstoppable force vs ` immovable object ' ? 
  barcelona could n't score a goal against this team , but we scored 4 ... halamadrid ... hoooooooooo !!!!!!!, 
  realmadrid , the undisputed best team in the world, 
  well the barca win was inconsequential ... does n't stop this madrid team from being better than pep 's barca , that 's the unnacceptable truth, 
  here 's how i rank the mcu and dceu heroes according to their powers :, 
  flash, 
  superman, 
  wonder woman, 
  thor, 
  aquaman, 
  scarlet witch, 
  vision, 
  spiderman, 
  antman, 
  batman, 
  captain america, 
  black panther, 
  ( though cyborg , flash , panther , cyborg and aquaman do n't have feats , i just estimated based on trailers and cameos ), 
  i feel like in the years to come , we 'll have a ronaldo dynasty where cristiano jr begats cristiano the 3rd ( from this onwards , it becomes a title ) . 
  if this happens , the world will never see the end of cristiano ... even in death ronaldo will still strive to be the best ... through his progenies, 
  wow !, 
  nice plot twist ... on first reading i thought you meant ronaldo, 
  show me a chart of his last 12 months, 
  personally , i think the cw 's verion of flash is more comic accurate - the lightning , suit ( though they both need upgrades ) , and personally , i just feel that grant has a better ` flash aura ' . 
  nevertheless , if the dceu can change his lightning colour to that of the tv show and make the costume more comicbook accurate , then i can be properly sold on this flash ... for now , i 'm still on the fence . 
  edit : i think it will be a big win if dceu portrays a better reverse flash ` cos the cw 's verion really set the standards high, 
  please guys i 'm not verse with ww comics ; did she ever have sex with steve in the comics because i was really elated finding out that they had sex in the movie ... it was really cool ... goddess falls in love and has sex with a mortal man, 
  please guys i 'm not verse with ww comics ; did she ever have sex with steve in the comics because i was really elated finding out that they had sex in the movie ... it was really cool ... goddess falls in love and has sex with a mortal man, 
  that would be so anticlimactic, 
  if this is true , then no problem , but i 'm still not a fan of the lightning 's colour ... it should be yellow, 
  they are all sisters , that 's what they call themselves ... and yes , it 's a kind of ` female brotherhood ' thingy, 
  i think they 'll do some fan service with her for the general audience and fans by showing us some spectacular fight scenes by her ... and i ca n't wait to see antiope 's fight scenes, 
  just imagine this - snyder 's visuals and cinematography + whedon 's directing ( without quips and jokes in battle ) will be a critical and financial billion dollar hit ... it 'll work, 
  you made a good point there ; nevertheless , i hope jl will be critically acclaimed and financially groundbreaking despite these rumoured reshoots, 
  actually the nigerian fa should get these guys as soon as possible because they 'll most likely not be mainstays in the english nt ... i 'm sure thy wo n't bat an eyelid if called upon to play for nigeria knowing they 'll have about 1 % chance of playing for england, 
  good a thing good ol' karma was watching barca, 
  i 've watched this movie twice ... i 'll give it an 8/10 ; it 's definitely my best superhero movie of the year so far ( justice league should top it ) . 
  did you guys notice something ? 
  that scene where diana enters the trenches then uses her shield to destroy the machine gun , the way and style she does it is a carbon copy of captain america , when he jumped on the armoured tank and broke the gun ; i 'm surprised no one noticed that, 
  sometimes i wonder how a woman could do it, 
  i believe the way rdj is popularly known as iron man ( almost his alter ego ) , chris hemsworth , thor and evans , ca ; that 's the same way gadot will be seen as ... wonder woman, 
  please guys help me out here :, 
  what do you think diana did to the woman that she got the dress from in the ceremony ? 
  it was n't fleshed out, 
  exactly !, 
  minor characters . 
  she is wonder woman and she 'll be a major character for the dceu on the big screens for a minimum of maybe 5 years ; i do n't see why she wo n't be remembered as wonder woman than any other characters she 'd portrayed, 
  hi patty , i really enjoyed wonder woman . 
  please , would you like to helm the affairs of a superman sequel seeing how true to the comics your wonder woman character was ?
