good !, 
  just need zlatan and rashford to have their respective long term injuries and pogba to be banned for 5 games for misconduct , then i 'll be sure man u ai n't go nowhere, 
  rashford is just another overhyped average english player , you heard it here first, 
  very hardworking player ; our team should adopt '' work hard '' as its motto courtesy of iheanacho, 
  he is still 18 and should n't get ahead of himself because all his other english players were as ambitious as this , he should keep his head low and quietly move up the ladder or else in the next 10 years ( if he 's still important till then ) , he 'll be the new rooney ... that 's the truth, 
  man , you mean toure is n't man enough to speak for himself ... it 's a pity, 
  crap !, 
  he always fails to sign promising players , then after a few years he 'll say he noticed the player , same thing he did with cr7 , nani and mikel ... am sure very soon he 'll be saying that he nearly bought origi or iheanacho, 
  i strongly believe if all is fair , he should win it ... he 's a strong contender, 
  rashford definitely does n't deserve it ... players like iheanacho and ali are better prospects to win it , but have it your way . 
  personally , i think it 's time to stop this small mentality of trying to win something ... no matter what it is , we should start thinking on how close our next world best player is , maybe pogba ... but we should stop all these ; let other clubs win it while manchester united goes for higher ground ... the world best player, 
  well , i heard that a voting is going on at tuttosport.com , so i thought i should give a shout ... btw , this is my first post on a sub . 
  vote iheanacho, 
  yeah !, 
  coman is really good , could win it but i 've got a feeling it will be renato sanchez because of the euros, 
  sincerely , i wish rashford the best but i fear for his career , that 's just it ... the hype for him is overwhelming and undeservedly so , look at that keeper gianluigi or iheanacho ( i 'm always using him because he 's proven himself better in lesser time ) , does guys deserve it even more but they are not hyped everywhere like that . 
  in a nutshell , this has been what i 've said for almost ten years now , ` the english press is the greatest undoing of the national team ' ... i do n't mind being downvoted . 
  i disagree ... all stats goals/assists and otherwise proves your notion wrong , you can check the sun , sqwaka , goal , whoscored . 
  iheanacho has better pass accuracy , better goals/shot on target , better goals/game ratio , he has only 7 mins of play in the ucl and already has a goal ; not to rain down on the rashford parade but learn to be objective ... do n't allow the media to warp your mind ... if you say that you 're biased , i 'd prefer it than you writing that ... be objective, 
  well , you saw sqwaka and whoscored ... i was pointing out that both authentic and inauthentic sources prove the same thing about the players, 
  wow !, 
  i 'm impressed , vote more and in a short while iwobi will be ahead ... we 're the gunners , c'mon let 's do it !, 
  well , i 'm a realmadrid fan but i 'm also a fan of beautiful football , so not really a fan of those clubs per say, 
  you are wrong !, 
  iheanacho plays as a pointman in city , but he plays as a # 10 or a winger ( like he did today ) for nigeria ... he 's also a creative playmaker , check his u17 world cup videos and the tottenham match, 
  actually , it 's your comment that is embarrassing and obviously you 've not really watched iheanacho . 
  he has sleek passes , an eye for goal with a good vision ... he has a mixture of a henry and a muller . 
  rashford is also very good but he is no great passer of the ball ... he 's a typical young blooded winger with alot of speed , flashy dribblings and a bit of a poacher , he 's also not good playmaker like iheanacho . 
  in summary , iheanacho is afar more versatile player while rashford is more direct - run , square the ball , take on defenders ; whereas iheanacho can make a difference without really doing much of those . 
  well , i think i 'm done here ... you 're obviously a manu fan so nothing i say changes your idea , goodluck with that ... by the way lol, 
  rashford is better at running , iheanacho is n't, 
  so , iheanacho is more versatile while rashford is more direct which is quite attractive ... al the same , they are exceptional talents on the rise , let 's just enjoy them while they last . 
  are you questioning iheanacho 's 10 goals from 14 shots on target ? 
  i used the watford because it was the most recent . 
  iheanacho passes better , there 's no question about that . 
  i rate iheanacho better ; you may say i 'm biased which i 'm trying not to be , but like you implied , we 're both biased ... let 's chose our better player and move on.cheers !, 
  yeah !, 
  you 're right, 
  michael carrick travels back in time to make things right ... 
  present michael carrick : hello michael , my name is michael, 
  present michael : i 'm sending you to the future manchester united team, 
  present michael : to right my wrongs ... be what i could n't be . 
  #soccerforce #, 
  no , he does n't ... he uses only one upfront ; though i salivate at the idea of both kun and nacho upfront at the same time tbh, 
  wow !, 
  city 's frontline will be dangerous ; aguero , iheanacho , sterling and jesus ... juicy, 
  what do you think ... people hate to accept the truth lol . 
  i saw this coming after what happened with hillary clinton ; the problem is that even if all these allegations are false , trump will still have it tough because he 's not just contesting against hillary , but also against the powers that be ( not even obama ) who want her in the oval office by all means, 
  wow !, 
  i do n't know why people do n't learn ; wait till a few years time and all those dirt you thought were n't there ( like sex scandals ) start creeping out as the occasions call for them ... as i talk to you , no one that works as president in that oval office is free from those type of scandals , what you should say is that you 've not yet heard, 
  iheanacho in my opinion , he 's always in the right place at the right time , anytime he is on the pitch i always feel a goal coming either directly from him or not, 
  please this is just a discussion , not a fight ... if he does n't want to lay down stats then forget it , he has his choice just like you have yours , either way , they are both very promising talent . 
  #peace #, 
  rubbish !, 
  just 300million , whereas they spend 100s of billions on unfounded wars that claim thousands of innocent lives ... smh, 
  not a bad call , she did n't use the right medium to express herself, 
  every player has a xhaka in them, 
  well i think the most flashy asian player was honda, 
  actually , he 's right ... right now i 'll choose pes over fifa, 
  i love this man , he has an aura of liveliness and warmth , especially with his players ... he deserves the award, 
  so you do n't know ... wow, 
  i can get why hillary would want to win trump but the media usage is so obvious , i think she may be shooting herself on the foot with it, 
  not bad cristiano , not bad, 
  it 's called ` fool game ' - when the player ( s ) in the middle run around trying to win the ball , the surrounding players pass it about making a ` fool ' out of the player ( s ) in the middle, 
  yeah !, 
  like he 's been feeding his ass all kinds of crazy, 
  thanks , every country has a name they call it, 
  welldone to rashford , a silverware for the month of september , not bad, 
  wow !, 
  that 's a new low , not good, 
  this election is the dirtiest i 've seen in my life, 
  yes , you 're right, 
  please can someone eligible post this on the r/soccer / ? 
  i 'm not eligible, 
  the best and most competitive league in the world is the laliga . 
  the reason why the ` smaller ' teams do n't overthrow the big guns in the laliga is because they are just too too good for them , they play very well but still end up losing , whereas the divide between the ` small ' and ` big ' pl teams is small , not because the small teams are better than those of the laliga but because the so-called pl big teams are not exceptionally good as the laliga big teams ; you ca n't imagine realmadrid winning the laliga and struggling for top 10 the next season , if you do n't agree with me , ask gary neville ... the only really sparkling thing about the pl is branding, 
  no , i 'm saying that the pl looks ` more competitive ' because of the lack of quality in the top teams and their inconsistency . 
  the small pl teams tend to challenge the top teams , not because they suddenly became exceptional , but because the big teams dropped in quality ... as bad as realmadrid are , they are still second , compare that with chelsea of last season , that 's what i mean, 
  yeah , you have a point there, 
  ronaldo is everyone 's fantasy elder brother , so cool, 
  always looking happy , i usually love it anytime he celebrates with his teammate ... makes me feel old , lol, 
  aha , why would they, 
  let 's just be honest with ourselves for once and agree that liverpool are the more likely winners ... are we cool ? 
  yeah !, 
  i saw that statement coming a long time ago , but you ca n't say trump is right or wrong for responding that way , very thoughtful of him , this statement frees him from any type of obligations he would have made by saying ` yes ' or ` no ', 
  valencia spoilt my day , anyway , i expect barca to be back to where they belong ( 3rd position ) by tomorrow ... lol, 
  definitely good news for city ; now if pep sets his usual epl formation against them in the 2nd leg with kdb in the middle , they 'll run barca riot ; afterall they were there for the taking on wednesday , city just did not take their chances, 
  yeah !, 
  exactly, 
  that 's why english football is crap , park the bus and play physical ; no real fun and as we can see , they 're dysfunctional on the european scene, 
  that 's to tell you how good cr7 is , messi has been playing catch-up with him in terms of goals/assists ... and it 's only in ronaldo 's 30s is messi now getting close, 
  stop deceiving yourself , rashford is just an ordinary player , nothing like asensio, 
  it now depends on which of the awards you prefer ; balon 'd ` or has a huge pedigree wheras the new fifa award does n't , and also it will be alot harder deciding a the best winner since every country in the world is involved unlike the balon 'd ` or where any player that won it plied his trade in europe, 
  guys please reply , if it was realmadrid with lack of key players on the same spots barca is deficient tonight , would city win ? 
  ok , just wanted to know , please help me beg these redditors to stop downvoting , i 'm not a troll, 
  looking back , i 'm suprised about how the team has gone this whole season in all competitions without losing a match , wheras our neighbours - barcelona and atleti have lost more than once . 
  luck + individual brilliance, 
  wow !, 
  iheanacho is really high , second highest in england ... i believe they 'll be no more comparisons between him and you know who, 
  like seriously !!,
