  oh my god !!!, 
  if i did n't know black panther , i would n't believe it was marvel 's . 
  this is the best marvel trailer i 've seen in years ; with cool and better visuals , then the song ( i need to check it out ) makes this 12/10 ... my most anticipated movie for 2018, 
  iron who ? 
  black panther is now the richest person in the mcu world, 
  thanks , i 'll check it out, 
  thanks ... 
  i 'll have to update my knowledge more, 
  yeah , i forgot ... was trying to remember his name ; dr doom is also among the top 10 richest superheros ... but he does n't come close to bp, 
  that 's what i wrote - he stops wearing the costume and just helps out with financial and asap aids ... he wo n't be an avengers mainstay anymore, 
  wasp is n't a major character and cm is quite ahead, 
  it 's true !, 
  you make a lot of sense there ... scarlet witch too, 
  this is excellent news !, 
  only ` spiderman ' has a lower 2nd week percentage drop with 38 %, 
  i 'm not really sure ... but it certainly wo n't be above 50 % ; i 'll have to look for reliable stat site about that, 
  i think i 'm understanding you now ; logistically speaking , it should be around late to mid 30s % without the previews, 
  the cw flash is still faster imho ... we 'll have to wait for the justice league movie to decide who 's faster , but for now , cw 's flash is faster ( based on how much we 've seen him and also feats ), 
  i think its diana that looks distracted ; kara seems to be looking straight at her while diana seems to be looking sideways, 
  if zack has been actually told to step down ( or fired ) from the dc projects starting from justice league , we 'll know by november ; i can speak for us all on this forum that it 's not hard to detect snyder 's work ... i just pray what i 'm thinking is not the situation . 
  we have to keep the dark tone of this universe but at the same time inject alot of optimism like the ww movie ... i do n't want quips and one-liners, 
  mos is still my best dceu movie and also my best superman movie till date . 
  jenkins was inspired by the hope and optimism portrayed in donner 's superman ... that 's all ; if she had gone the superman route in its entirety , it would have been a step lower than ss and the audience wo n't like it , trust me . 
  snyder 's mos was a clear depiction of what it could be if we had such a powerful person existing , there was also a lot of hope and optimism portrayed in the movie , but what made it seem `` dark '' was that apart from the hope and optimism portrayed , a real world 's reaction was also portrayed and also the feelings of a person , whether alien or human was shown ( not a perfect and all-loved image adapted in live action ) . 
  when you combine all these together , tell me how you 'll get a donner supes movie ? 
  that superman was a pure fantasy ... one which i never bought . 
  we live in a world where whether the sun shines or not , rain falls or not cities are nuked or not , there will be always people to complain and criticize ; so tell me , how can there be a superman that landed on earth , his ship was never a major investigation project by the government , he became superman and the whole world fell in love with him except the movie 's antagonist ? 
  it 's not real , it 's fun but it 's not real ; some people may buy into the idea , but i 'm sorry , i just ca n't . 
  patty only picked hope and optimism from donner 's superman ... if she had added any other thing , this movie would have been a train wreck ... an i 'm glad she did n't . 
  i enjoyed wonder woman . . one of my favourite cbms now, 
  flash 1 should be a flash origin story ( since we 've never had a flash movie ) , therefore the rf should be the villain of the movie ... just as joker is to batman , lex luthor/zod is to superman , so is rf to flash ... let it be a proper origin story, 
  she 's good in the lois role ... definitely not miscast , though my best lois lane is still smallville 's lois, 
  wow !, 
  this is great . 
  i hope ezra will own his flash just like grant did ... though he 'll certainly be the comic relief for the jl, 
  i saw the old superman and the way it presented superman , who leaves earth for 12 years for training seemed like the easy way out to give us the most ideal hero . 
  it was much more believable in wonder woman . 
  what snyder did with man of steel and later with bvs and again hopefully in justice league is give us the best superhero arc ever put to screen . 
  the birth , the death and return of superman . 
  u/shola2001 /, 
  this is much better than marvel and also very beautiful ... i like it, 
  man of steel, 
  wonder woman, 
  batman v superman, 
  people are already getting tired of it . 
  yes , they 'll go watch it in the cinema , but that 's it ; as ` bad ' as bvs was , it had the highest number of repeat viewings in the cbm genre , two years after man of steel 's release it was breaking records in the amounts of dvds sold . 
  but the mcu flicks are one-time movie - one or two viewings and that 's it because you 've gotten the whole story and it does n't seem fresh on third viewing ... it 's only a matter of time that all these begin to tell on their box office numbers , you 'll see . 
  given the new paradigm shift in comic book movies ( with logan and wonder lady ) , this movie lacks anything new . 
  it 's too generic . 
  the tone is not always the same . 
  sometimes it 's too straight comedy , and it feels off . 
  the only character taking this movie seriously is keaton 's . 
  robert downey jr. gets another paycheck for making jokes . 
  sigh . . 
  the battle sequences are chaotic , the director does not know what he 's doing . 
  the fight on the ferry jesus looked good in the trailers but then had no actual tension . 
  the score ( i love giacchino though . . ) it 's pretty lazy . 
  it 's just another forgettable marvel movie leading up to infinity war . 
  it 's not an improvement on the other spiderman movies . 
  the movie had six writers , and you can feel it . 
  the suit lady , what a waste . 
  is this a spy movie or a spiderman movie ? 
  he should be throwing agility in the place , not trying out different gadgets . 
  it 's a cute movie and that 's it . 
  '' this is the most lightweight and inconsequential of all past `` spider-man '' films '', 
  superman vs zod ( man of steel ) 2 . 
  no man 's land scene ( wonder woman ) 3 . 
  batman 's warehouse fight scene ( bvs ) on a side note , dc has a lot of memorable scenes as well as the xmen movies ( thanks to quicksilver ), 
  superman vs zod ( man of steel ) 2 . 
  no man 's land scene ( wonder woman ) 3 . 
  batman 's warehouse fight scene ( bvs ) on a side note , dc has a lot of memorable scenes as well as the xmen movies ( thanks to quicksilver ), 
  superman vs zod ( man of steel ) 2 . 
  no man 's land scene ( wonder woman ) 3 . 
  batman 's warehouse fight scene ( bvs ) on a side note , dc has a lot of memorable scenes as well as the xmen movies ( thanks to quicksilver ), 
  i watched ca : tws thrice , also my friends saw it more than once ; do n't make this a dc vs marvel thing ; i 'm talking about spiderman : homecoming , not wonder woman, 
  the dark knight, 
  heath 's joker : `` i 'm going to make this pencil disappear ; 1,2,3 ... and it 's gone '' . 
  if you watch the scene , you would understand why it 's so spectacular, 
  wonder woman 's 6th weekend ( $ 9,822,105 ) is basically identical to gotg2 's 5th weekend ( $ 9,839,370 ) . 
  gotg2 has made an additional $ 30 million since then , and looks to finish around $ 390 million which would be roughly $ 35 million more from its 5th weekend cumulative total of $ 355 million . 
  thus , if ww follows gotg2 post-5th weekend run from here on out then it would finish with a final total roughly $ 35m more than its current cume of $ 368.5 m. . . which would be $ 403.5 m and just behind the original spider-man 's $ 403.7 m. 
  however , ww has been holding stronger than gotg2 for its entire run thus far and with it 's biggest direct competitor ( smh ) having no discernable effect on its legs , the stronger holds should continue . 
  ultimately , ww will probably end up as the biggest solo comic book debut ever . 
  zach snyder , christopher nolan and quentin tarantino, 
  superhero movies wo n't end anytime soon ; they have the ability to be diverse , that gives them the advantage . 
  it 's only suicide squad , xmen apocalypse and batman vs superman ( which i really loved ) that are used in the superhero ` fatigue ' conspiracy . 
  there is no superhero fatigue ; people want to watch good movies and right now , superhero movies from dc , marvel and fox are giving it consistently . 
  i agree with you . 
  you guys on this sub should not be emotional about this , let 's be objective ( we all love both flashes ) ; now compare this dceu 's flash suit to the one you saw emo barry from the future wear on cw ; if you are sincere with yourself , you 'll know that so far , cw 's flash has a more comic accurate suit ( though both flash 's suit are n't 100 % comic accurate ) . 
  i 'm expecting the dceu flash suit upgrade to be far more comic accurate though ... but for now , cw 's flash has a more accurate suit, 
  always feel blessed when i see messi and ronaldo play ... they are worlds apart from any other footballers ; truly blessed to watch them in my time, 
  this trailer was really good , though it 's not as good as the justice league trailer at all ... that trailer was amazeballs, 
  i 'm calling it now , justice league will win best picture, 
  i really loved bvs , it 's definitely among my top 5 cbms of all time ; on the contrary , i was highly disappointed with cacw ; the first 30 minutes felt serious and true to what i was expecting based on the trailers ( they looked serious , like they 'd be consequences in the movie ) , after that , it all went downhill , the airport scene just put me off ; i was able to finish that watching it because of black panther . 
  till today , i shake my head in disappointment for what that movie ended up being , i do n't take much interest in marvel movies since then, 
  i really loved bvs , it 's definitely among my top 5 cbms of all time ; on the contrary , i was highly disappointed with cacw ; the first 30 minutes felt serious and true to what i was expecting based on the trailers ( they looked serious , like they 'd be consequences in the movie ) , after that , it all went downhill , the airport scene just put me off ; i was able to finish that watching it because of black panther . 
  till today , i shake my head in disappointment for what that movie ended up being , i do n't take much interest in marvel movies since then, 
  i really loved bvs , it 's definitely among my top 5 cbms of all time ; on the contrary , i was highly disappointed with cacw ; the first 30 minutes felt serious and true to what i was expecting based on the trailers ( they looked serious , like they 'd be consequences in the movie ) , after that , it all went downhill , the airport scene just put me off ; i was able to finish that watching it because of black panther . 
  till today , i shake my head in disappointment for what that movie ended up being , i do n't take much interest in marvel movies since then, 
  sorry , i did it on a really dumb browser ... i actually spaced and paragraphed it , but you could imagine my surprise when i found out it 's all jam-packed ; unfortunately , i ca n't edit my post ... please bear with me,
