  do n't worry as much as the brexit is hyped its very unlikely to happen . 
  i am all for eu super state . 
  however , the local governments will not give up power , the us needed a civil war to make the federal government the main one . 
  it 's going to be extremely hard and probably slow to make it happen . 
  or we just have european civil war . 
  that 's why you only pay $ 20 instead of $ 300 . 
  there are options for everyone . 
  you want good service , go on traditional carrier . 
  all you care about is cheap flight , go to ryanair . 
  if only they helped poor people in the long term not short term ... 
  the only issue is that to do that you have to go back 1000 years and live in a closed society . 
  tu\u0161\u0117, 
   and their new friends are just using them as a source of cheap manpower and as a buffer in case of new pan-european war . 
  lithuania since joining eu has had tremendous growth and life quality improvements , we were one of the fastest growing economies of eu . 
  i do not know where are you getting your info but eu has brought so much development and improvements which would have been very hard if we chose to do it alone or impossible if we stayed under ussr . 
  guys , american propaganda got to him do n't be so harsh . 
  i am sure we can heal him . 
  [ keep looking at this picture till you forget merica ] ( https://europa.eu/european-union/sites/europaeu/files/docs/body/flag_yellow_low.jpg ), 
  which airline you used for lithuania ? 
  no way !, 
  :o who would have thought that ? 
  got ta pay damn taxes girl, 
  there is a border with russian enclave , kaliningrad . 
   how 's that going ? 
  i think it is going great . 
  the economy is shrinking meaning less money for stuff like militarily . 
  maybe even the people will soon start to see that being behind putin hurts them in the long run . 
  its all about the long run and the sanctions are there to cripple putin in the next decade so its only the beginning . 
  as to the regards about intensified propaganda warfare i think its just putin trying go all in to reduce sanctions because he knows if they continue he is doomed . 
  yes , he did manage to get a win in usa but at least europe did hold of for now , and europe is way more important for russia for its economy to prosper . 
  will see if the usa gamble will pay off for him but i think its not gon na work out long term and definitely a russian shill will not be elected in 4 years . 
   what do you believe those plans consisted of ? 
  this is just my humble opinion but i believe that putin wants russia to become great power one day at the level that ussr was after the ww2 . 
  but that boy can only dream on as it is never happening . 
   what do you like so much about those sanctions main thing is to reduce the amount of money that russian government can spend to spread propaganda and their militaristic agenda . 
  now i totally feel for the russian people who are getting hurt by the sanctions the most but russia being under control of putin who runs his country like mafia , there was a need for an international solution . 
  while sanctions might not have been the most effective way to reduce the capital putin can spend on pushing his plans for ussr v2 .0 it definitely did hurt him and it is showing with the reduced aggressiveness in the past year during his speeches towards west and his actions ( to some extent ) . 
   how is that relevant to this ? 
  the topic is on russian propaganda and how they push their alternative history . 
  to do this you require money , thus with more/less sanctions russia would be able to push more/less propaganda . 
  of course it is not the only variable in this equation but it has influence . 
  nothing new just russia being russia . 
  thank god there are sanctions on them . 
  i do n't know what happens to the uk but from being global power and genuinely smart country they went bonkers . 
  taking stupid decisions , following populist politics . 
  sad too see . 
  for people in power its no difference they just gon na get more rich its the simple people in the uk that will get hurt . 
  i wonder if it has anything to do with the population getting less intelligent ( imho ) . 
  all i am seeing from this map is that belarus and ukraine is rightful lithuanian clay !, 
  yup just cut social benefits , remove worker laws and i 'm sure uk will be the best place for corporations in europe . 
  i 'm sure population will love to become slaves . 
  freedom !!!, 
  in my totally unbiased opinion i think you should ban poland and let lithuania be player controlled . 
  i did n't really find the answer to that question in faq it just talks about how you guys try to split up the player base across the world and now why you ban lithuania . 
   why do you limit iberia to either an aragon , or a castille player and why is lithuania banned ? 
  regarding the either you go aragon , or castile rule , is due to the fact that i also want to encourage players to play outside of europe . 
  in one campaign we had a castille , aragon and a naples player , while we only had 12 players in all of asia , after 5 sessions , we were down to 4 . 
  if we ca n't split the playerbase over the entire world , we risk ending up with a vast part of the world being `` free development '' for few players . 
  which in turn not only makes it dull in asia/africa/americas , but also makes europe overcrowded/uncompetitive in comparison . 
  why is lithuania banned ;(, 
  great story !, 
  who cares about the pay when you finally feel freedom !!!, 
  you do n't have to be pro-putin party to help putin . 
  putin is playing on the parties that are anti-eu to weaken eu positions . 
  few months ago i saw stats which put lithuania ahead by a wide margin . 
  i guess it depends on the methodology . 
  this is a new project in lithuania to promote tourism . 
  laisves tv , which is an independent internet tv creates those videos which feature lithuanian landscapes while incorporating popular movie characters . 
  the series are called `` krazy lithuania '' . 
  they are short movie trailer style videos with a purpose to present lithuania in a fun an attractive way for foreigners and lithuanians themselves . 
  yes chinese and indian economy eventually be bigger than usa or eu just because of the population size . 
  why would that matter in globalised world ? 
  salaries , standards of living , etc are expected to become same world wide in the next 100 years . 
  ok i will try to explain it to you slowly . 
  eu or us are well developed economies , the leaders in the world by productivity . 
  china and india just recently started to boom due to globalisation and easier access to markets a.k.a developing economies . 
  in india and china most of the population was living on farming ( something like 80 % of total pop ) because 1 ) they had to do it to survive 2 ) there was little left to sell and make a living of that . 
  now as india and china started to modernise and educate their population a rapid shift happened . 
  new technologies , machinery and what not allowed to do same labour with way less people a.k.a one guy could now produce enough food for 10,000 people . 
  everyone migrated into cities , cities exploded , cheap labour , new companies opened , exporting into the first world , economy boomed . 
  china used to have growth in double digits , recently it reached a peak and now the growth is slowing . 
  india is still expected to reach a peak in near future . 
  china lifted close to 400 million people out of absolute poverty . 
  this is what caused and is still causing huge increase in gdp . 
  if in eu and usa we had people who are still living like in china or india we could easily reach double digit growth because it is easy since 1 ) we have the resources ( money ) and 2 ) technology to increase the productivity of those people . 
  got it buddy ? 
  first sentence from your wiki :  the productivity paradox refers to the slowdown in productivity growth in the united states in the 1970s and 80s despite rapid development in the field of information technology ( it ) this only relates to already developed economies , us was not manual labour economy like china and india are . 
  the exponential growth of productivity in those countries are coming from using advanced machinery and automation not it . 
  so you do n't even understand what you are using as facts ... 
  or maybe you are living in the `` i believe in this one guy who i do n't even remember but he said something about productivity and i will believe it because who needs actual research '' world . 
  you answer everyone with the `` you are eu-lover , you can not see straight '' , but you yourself give no evidence nor any citations . 
  sad ... 
  either you are a troll or just very ignorant to do proper research . 
  india and china are growing so fast because they started from nothing . 
  20 years ago 80 % of population were doing manual labour which is extremely inefficient , now as they modernise their productivity is increasing exponentially . 
  moreover , chinese growth has been going down for the past 5 years . 
  but i like maps more than bar charts :(, 
  so is finland or netherlands higher ? 
  it was too small to put the number on the map . 
  you can find denmark rate on the left side .
