in lithuania we do not have such a big russian minority as latvians so i imagine that the chances that something will happen in lithuania is quite low . 
  there was some political propaganda recently from russian politicians in the country about how badly russians are treated here and that one of our county ( klaipeda , our port city ) could separate like in ukraine . 
  however , this is mostly just to scare people or just for russia to show off its power that we are under their influence . 
  it does not get noticed in world stage but every year we have a short embargo from russia on various products just because they do n't like it . 
  this year it was a ban on lithuanian milk products , if i remember correctly . 
  it lasted for few months then they lift it and they repeat this pretty much every year . 
  so we are kinda used to this russian political bullshit . 
  nowadays people her notice that military presence from nato got way bigger . 
  before all ukraine stuff we would see a nato fighter jet pass once per few months now you can see nato tanks , jets flying way more often . 
  are we worried , well old people which i have spoken to are worried that russians will come back again , people like me ( young educated adults ) do not worry that much because it would be impractical for russia to invade nato country and it sounds not likely so life is usual . 
  for the political scene its actually good because people are turning back from some pro-russian politicians in our country and its good since all they do is try to stop our development and sabotage most innovative projects . 
  thank god we finished or liquid gas terminal and now we broke russian energy monopoly over lithuania , so life should improve even more here . 
  yes he can but why would he do that ? 
  as smart as he is he still needs friends he can not control all industries on his own he needs people to do work for him . 
  i doubt that this could reach that stage . 
  as soon as power block is formed all its members are in prisons for any crime putin imagines , people will believe him , he controls the media , no one will know the other side of the story , putin will put his new friends in power and it will continue . 
  the soonest possible change in russia will happen only then putin gets ill as then he will not be able to control anymore and then the inner fight for power will begin it can either end up in anyway from simply another leader who will be as strong as putin or civil war . 
  most refreshing thing !, 
  nice girl, 
  yet once a biggest nation in europe was ruled from this castle, 
  i did n't even know that we had one, 
  eu is not a country in itself but rather a collection of countries it does n't have possessions which belong directly to eu and not a member state . 
  but those territories who belong to member states are usually considered eu territories apart few i think, 
  european union has many territories outside europe . 
  in the end eu is just a name it does not mean that it has to be bound by geography . 
  however i think it is quite irrelevant for new caledonia to remain in the union if they separate from france, 
  its 70km/h on that road . 
  ( used to use that road every day ), 
  well in lithuania there are very small russian minority ( thank god ) and unfortunately those russians who are poor and old usually watch russian tv so those people will always be like `` man soviet union was the best hate this crappy country '' also those people never bothered to learn lithuanian so the only language they speak is russian and they think everyone must know it . 
  however , the younger lithuanian russians are not that bad at least most of them i knew in lithuania . 
  sure some will glorify putin but many understand that life in lithuania is heaven compared to what they could be living in russia , sad that russia is not filled with smart young russians . 
  yes i agree that not all . 
  i wanted to say that there still are some russians who understand what is going on, 
  well there definitely are russians who are well educated on the matter , most russians who studied , traveled a lot have a clear picture on the brain wash happening in russia . 
  it is those russians who never go abroad who are stuck in putin propaganda machine, 
  climate change ai n't that bad after all, 
  same , it is rare to find younger than 40 years person who speaks russian . 
  everyone is on english now, 
  well if war is stability for you then you are already too far brainwashed to help . 
  i agree with you , my comment if anything was more of a jest although was taken as my primary opinion . 
  and it is true the more the simple people fight each other it only helps the big players to play their world game . 
  i like your thinking , cheers to you . 
  good . 
  they should be banned from more stuff . 
  maybe then they will learn how to act like a civilized country, 
  in soviet russia it is the players fault he was racially discriminated, 
  of course it should . 
  it would benefit us , europeans a lot in the long term , it is sad to see a lot of people thinking otherwise, 
  would turkey allow this ? 
  would definitely benefit the people as a whole but it always depends on what politicians want and their game . 
  any cypriot want to expand on the realistic situation ? 
  what do you turks think about your government ? 
  from an outsider point of view for me turkey is turning into a police state . 
  before turkey used to be a nice place to visit on a holiday or vacation but it seems that now turkey is a dangerous place . 
  are all drugs legal in portugal ? 
  can you get them freely or how does it work ? 
  ( question arose because i heard that all drugs were decriminalized in portugal i think ), 
  oh ok sorry for the mistake , thanks for correcting me . 
  international law i believe . 
  however , there are no institutions to enforce it over countries who chose not to respect it . 
  how can competition be fair if the management is corrupt ? 
  true , but only if the government is doing good job using its infrastructure to its potential . 
  selling it and changing management can prove to be beneficial for greece , if they focus on sustainable growth and long term goals . 
  i wish there was more of us, 
  well said, 
  baltic stronk !, 
  do you think they will reach a deal or that greece will leave the euro ? 
  i think greece will accept to do the harsh reforms in the end as exiting euro would be very painful for greeks . 
  i wonder if russia is playing on art of war dlc without it they can have support rebels cb, 
  such a stupid guy, 
  everyone knows that bestuania goats are the best !, 
  the saddest part is that you can clearly see how everyone here are blaming the religion for this . 
  isis and other terrorist organizations are living of and wining the more we generalize and scream how this is all due to islam . 
  those organizations use islam to recruit people and the more hatred we show towards them the easier it is for those organizations to recruit more . 
  pff you are only after glorious lithuania !, 
  who cares . 
  we made it to the list !, 
  bestvia , but only then your name starts appearing in good news . 
  nice . 
  how did you learn them both ? 
  mixed lithuanian/latvian family ? 
  lived in both places ? 
  just decided to learn them both ? 
  but bestuania is mention ahead of estonia so we have this going for us . 
  you can easily tell from his username that he is lithuanian so not a fair bet as you already know the answer . 
  take that bestonia !, 
  wage is a very poor estimate . 
  person earning 1000 $ in slovenia will live way better than person earning 1000 $ in germany . 
  germany to the rescue !, 
  russians must pour money into crimea if they want to stabilize it . 
  the average ivan in crimea would soon start to dislike the changes if he saw that the stuff putin promised is not happening . 
  i expect for crimea to get a lot of investments just for propaganda reasons . 
  is it going to be sustainable ? 
  hardly , but we will see how it turns out . 
  lets hope that mother russia will not come to protect those people, 
  latvians do you like him ? 
  what are his views ? 
  this is nothing new to russia neighbors . 
  every year there is a ban on some lithuanian products and then they lift the ban after few months . 
  wonder which product will win the lottery this year .
