  pretty amazing . 
  my grandmother has a bit harder time to adjust she says its hard to calculate the price for her and she keeps converting everything to litas ( our old currency ) but now it is easier for businesses and for people who travel alot in eu since you do not need to change curency everywhere you go . 
  so are we gon na see $ 100 trans atlantic flights ? 
  i watched the show and while yes it was totally out of reality it was never supposed to portray reality it is a tv show that 's what they do . 
  for me i had a good laugh about it and enjoyed the show that they showed lithuania which i would have never expected in the first place, 
  no i know and i think it is a know fact that ukraine is mroe corrupt than greece if we want to compare both . 
  however what matters is that we try to solve corruption on the base level not just comapre which coutry is more corrupt, 
  for the money each individual state spends combined it would be more efficient . 
  the uk , france would have a bigger army then they have now since it would be a whole euroean army defending there terriotry . 
  but again you talk about individual states i talk about eu as a whole as being some sort of a one state with centralized military command not each state having its own army . 
  i am very proud of my country and how far we have gotten . 
  and there is still so much more to do !, 
  it is good to see problems are being solved although sometimes a bit too slow . 
  personally i feel that we have to invest in increasing our population and stoping the decline . 
  go 5-child policy !, 
  yes . 
  if all that money goes to waste , or rich oligarch pockets thats bad decisions from sweden . 
  if it goes for revival of economy in turn everyone wins since storng neighbourood economy means stronger your economy, 
  yes . 
  russia should see more political isolation for its aggressive foreign policy . 
  land grabs with false claims what is this europa universalis real life edition ? 
  it does not matter the country or place you live simple people want stability and wellbeing for their families it 's all the same middle east , east asia or north america . 
  now the politics are completely different thing . 
  i feel like greek people have been fooled over and over by their politicians with empty promises . 
  the further it goes the more negative i see about current government how they push for stupid things which will not in turn help greek people . 
  and that is sad . 
  however , it is still early to say if the new or previous government was better i hope that the new government instead of playing politics will start focusing on improving life since that is what the political system was supposed to do but fails duo to humans wanting benefit for themselves . 
  more people should start thinking critically and become more educated to not allow this political game to be played by the ones they elect to rule them . 
  good guy sweden, 
  or can he ? 
  the cheapest and most efficient way would be to make european union army . 
  however world is not simple this requires massive changes to policies , agreements etc. 
  eu is still very divided and not centralized and we are pretty far from making legislation like that to pass easily so we do not have other option but to keep relaying on us . 
  i think it is for the next generation of europeans who feel more integrated after all eu is spending a lot on education and pushing eu as a state idea slowly for each generation . 
  us , we still fight each other for stupid reasons and we allow our politicians to play that game . 
  add us and russia who also like to stir the pot to make integration slower ( since neither one likes to have competition in geopolitics ) and probable it 's going to take two generations not one . 
  ** tl ; dr the logical step for europeans would be to go for its own centralized system army which would be cheaper and more efficient for european defense , however political system does not allow for this in foreseeable future **, 
  well said . 
  eu has the huge potential to become the leader all we need to do is a litle more integration and cooperation . 
  no no thats latvia not lithuania !, 
  [ you reminded me of this :d ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/z5ryv ), 
  why are all corporations not relocating to lithuania ? 
  why switz you follow only money ; /, 
  sweden i never heard of that . 
  finland was considered baltic state until ww2 after that it was the only baltic state left so it joined the northern europe club now they call only lithuania latvia and estonia as baltic states . 
  how big is your appartment is it 1 room ? 
  600eur for vilnius is a lot, 
  i disagree as a lithuanian i welcome reintroduction of conscription . 
  i feel it is good for people to get training just in case , i hope we will never need to draft our people but it is always better to be prepared . 
  your solution is to give arms to civilians they do not know how to use them it would not be of any use in case of invasion while training people to be ready to repeal the attack would be way more efficient . 
  once again this is not for us to have dominance in the region or whatever it is for us to be able to stand at least for a bit before nato comes to back us off . 
  i feel that having fewer trained personnel is way better than having unorganized civilians with guns . 
  does n't delfi belong to russians ? 
  if not it must be recent change of shareholders no ? 
  for some reason i am like 100 % sure it always was a russian media portal . 
  might be just my misunderstanding, 
  first of all this is not first request from rt. 
  you talk as if they tried for the first time to get info from estonia government . 
  rt takes info spins it around and then pumps propaganda how { insert country name here } is full of nazis . 
  estonian government got sick of that and decline to communicate with rt and i think many governments should do that since it does n't really matter what you say to them they see it `` their way '' . 
  it is very productive since now rt will have harder time inventing stuff as they will no longer be able to do their typical `` look what their government said to us '' which usually was all invented anyways . 
  all our countries have a very good relationship . 
  sure we always try to be better than the other one in rankings and usually always try to compare with other how we are doing . 
  but as a lithuanian latvians are our little brother and estonians our cousin . 
  every russian knows that turkish tomatoes are poison, 
  vilnius was captured by polish troops from soviet union on 1919 april 21st and they did n't give it back ;(, 
  this time without us please !, 
  what is this czech republic you talk about ? 
  i only know czechia, 
  i doubt that amnesty international would use actors . 
  do you have any source to back your claim ? 
  does anyone have pictures from the game would love to see how the world looks like, 
   basically what you just describe is a country that was legitimate for 100 years . 
  grand duchy of lithuania was made when the local duchies of kievan rus , which were destroyed by mongols had an opportunity to re-unite since it was partioned into pack of little duchies . 
   it was n't a baltic tribe that conquered it , gdl was slowly transforming itself into a country when mongol invasions stopped . 
  it was ruled by dukes that had questionable nationality . 
  false go read : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_duchy_of_lithuania  wilno was n't made of 100 % lithuanian ellites to be classified as city of polonized lithuanians as your government spread that propaganda seen to this day . 
  poles in wilno were living since foundation of the city and has always been majority and developer of the city ( majors , constructors , etc. 
  were all polish ) and there was no lithuanians in there . 
  false go read : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_vilnius rest is also false i 'm just too lazy to find sources for you . 
  troll it its . 
  every paragraph you wrote is false and gave me a good laugh . 
  if you truly believe what you wrote i feel so sorry for you my brainwashed friend . 
  go on internet and find some historical sources and read on the subject . 
  you will be amazed by the truth, 
  all what you wrote is mostly false . 
  gdl was what now is lithuania , belarus , and ukraine . 
  grand duchy was founded by ethnic lithuanian balts and expanded into ruthenian lands adapting their customs . 
  in that regard modern lithuania has a more legitimate claim as a successor than belarus or ukraine as it was founded not by ethnic ruhenians but lithuanians . 
  inter war lithuania was a very ethnic lithuanian country and teachings that we are successors from gdl was of course in order to increase patriotism and claim the lands owned by poland at that time , but the claim is not out of nowhere . 
  most lithuanian elites were learning polish customs and adapted polish way of living . 
  however , even though they spoke polish they still identify themselves as lithuanians . 
  a lot of people in vilnius had same identity even though they spoke polish ( during commonwealth period not interwar ) . 
  no educated lithuanian is denying that vilnius was majority polish speaking city . 
  anyways reading you comment again i just conclude that either you for some reason hate lithuanians , are a troll seeking attention or just do n't know shit about history . 
  nice video . 
  i did go to the song festival in 2009 was really good one . 
  oh the irony, 
  this was awesome !, 
  i think at this point in time it is impossible to see crimea back in ukraine without a breakup of russia into smaller states .
