what do you think about lithuania ? 
  thank you for kind words !, 
  id basically refute their arguments or just show their hypocracy or tell them what bad things their religion did and tell good thing paganism did . 
  i 'm newer to the paganism ( more specifically religio romana ) so how do i dispose the offerings to the gods ? 
  ok thanks !, 
  may they rest in peace !, 
  i had this bug when i played attila total war , just try to free some gbs . 
  this is a question ... 
  thanks !, 
  also a newer question , in what room would you recommend me to put it ? 
  thanks !, 
  would you rather have people of no experience choose a guy to sail ship or people who have experience choose a guy who will lead them ? 
  ok , thanks !, 
  i would defend my fatherland any time, 
  because my family members were sent to gulags and communists occupied my fatherland . 
  if someone wants to defend my fatherland i will let them in . 
  finished . 
  i was starting to believe it happened !, 
  in will vote for the lts as always , either way at most they will win only a seat in the seimas, 
  citizenship is only a legal status, 
  for me its the history of my homeland, 
  communism, 
  vytautas the great, 
  3 . julius ceaser, 
  4 . alexander the great, 
  victory or death, 
  i believe in the roman gods , most commonly worship minerva , there are n't many books about roman paganism and those that exist are for helping and prayers , i do n't usually debate about religion as i think it is that you can believe whatever you want . 
  i was wondering since i have heard that allegedly the maniots were the most ancient greek of all the greeks because the ancient spartans went there when the slavs burned sparta.i know that it kinda sounds stupid but i wanted to make sure . 
  thanks !, 
  here in lithuania there would have to be a economic crisis for fascism to rise in popularity , if it manages to take the majority of the seimas and have a fascist president then it would have to remove laws that prevent a dictator.the obstacles would be the minorities and politicians ( which would n't be very hurt by the economic crisis ) but the conservatives will be what will decide who rules the seimas ( as they have their own party and the social-democrats just agree on everything that the conservatives say ) id say that the military would support them ( if a crisis happened of course ), 
  i do n't take it personally, 
  and all of these, 
  nay , but my nation my by forced by the lack of mapower, 
  jews , poles and russians, 
  which one are you, 
  russians in my society would probably be tolerated , but discriminated, 
  have a long and complex conversasion, 
  for der reich-lithuanian governor of lithuania, 
  the governer of the lithuanian reich protectorate, 
  called for it before, 
  the governer of german lithuania will attend this meeting, 
  the lithuanian protectorate will send all the required resources that is avaliable for this project, 
  greece, 
  i want to bring up a issue , its about the polish terrorists killing lithuanian children and women, 
  ever since the polish terrorists decided to terrorise our people with no thoughts of human rights and act as if we were pigs , we recived reports that they use old scandinavian ways of torture by ripping out the back ribs and forcing them to bleed to death while enduring massive pain , children are being tortured , but all i want is that everyone will denounce the terrorists !, 
  survivor reports and confessions from the partisans . 
  * gives documents here these are the reports, 
  also withneses, 
  i think that the children would be thought to do n't believe many things school says , thus leading to a national socialist youth i cant recomend much except the werewolfs, 
  also i have a copy for everyone * puts it on the table, 
  8 , trying to reach 10 heil hitler, 
  jawolh mein fuhrer , all of the undesirables will be sent to the ninth fort , but i have a propolsal , it will lower the resistance to the germanisation , what if we create a language which will be a mix of german and lithuanian and make it look like trends until we germanise the entire language?it will take longer but it will be more effective , i will be awaiting your response, 
  jawohl mein fuhrer , the only problem with it is that it will take a few years longer, 
  well brazil is the ones giving us the offer , also should america release polynesia ? 
  since no one else is n't bringing up an issue ill bring up on , polynesian folk need independence , and how do the americans deal with the issue?say that they will not let them gain indipendence in a region the americans have lost in the second weltkrieg!while saying that they are the beacons of democracy, 
  the polynesian islands have a large population and industrialization boom while also being on a islands which is easier to defend , and i believe that the polynesian folk need to have a warm relationship with the lithuanian folk . 
  i think it would benefit the folk , but the name needs to be something which everyone agrees on.how about the union of the free as the name ? 
  yes , 
  nah , im just a overpatriotic lithuanian, 
  i like the name iu so it has lithuuanias approval, 
  america had a say in matters that were n't theirs , they are just getting their medicine, 
  / u/skraal2099, 
  [ secret information ] ( #secret ) as you know our movement is to make the baltics free democratic states , we tried peacefully to get independence , but soviets still killed us , so we need weapons and ammunition , since only those who stole from the germans in 1944 have weapons , and they are old even by soviet standards , also , we need training , we could send our best man , juozas luk\u0161a , he managed to escape the soviets once , he can manage to escape them twice . 
  ( ( in real life partisans appeared in 1944 , and to the baltics the nazis liberated us , anything is better than communism ) ), 
  lets celebreate this decision with some wine !, 
  / u/thisisbilly12, 
  remove christianity ( ps ive read the bible ), 
  they left behind records ... 
  in romuva there is something called inner heroism , its full of it, 
  ( ( this comment is amazing ... such glory ) ), 
  ( ( thats why we have legionaries day ) ), 
  / u/cerce _ tentones, 
  / u/cerce _ tentones, 
  i am not listed on the claims, 
  i am sorry , the main reason why we are fighting is because we want independent baltic states , if we recognize the dmowski line , we will not become free , if we move from the owner ship of the ussr to the owner ship to poland there will be more partisans, 
  the forest brothers propose new borders , where polish villages and cities are polish but lithuanian ones are lithuanian, 
  these are outdated maps , the documents we managed to steal say differently * puts stolen lithuanian documents on the table https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_population_transfers_ ( 1944 % e2 % 80 % 931946 ) #from _ lithuania, 
  i think this document is more correct https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/ca/polacy-na-litwie.png, 
  the forest brother diplomat stand up and says with a higher tone `` i am giving these documents because i do n't want any more post war relocations ! '', 
  that would mean relocations, 
  this is the lithuanian majority in 1914, 
  http://www.truelithuania.com/nuotraukos/lithuaniansxixcenturymap.jpg should we get polish land too ? 
  the forest brothers write a letter to poland saying that they would accept 1939 january first borders and that they are sorry about the diplomat, 
  this is just a fan discord , 
  your correct christians here celebrate pagan holidays , like kaledos our version of jule , and also , isnt hellenismos only greek paganism and isnt roman paganism religio romana ? 
  also some prayers survived and were said by christians, 
  no , nazis and fascists are diffrerent and were respuctfull here, 
  when will dubois be the historical figure of the week ? 
  what do you mean , he changed history forever, 
  a conbination of many things, 
  / u/thisisbilly12, 
  `` no , the polynesians will be in debt to us and wont have an other choice and it would be way harder to start this meeting '', 
  `` fine , now answer the question , should we phone the polynesians or delay the meeting ? '', 
  the lithuanian diplomat phones the leader of atamai for the meeting, 
  / u/eaterofearth, 
  [ m ] tagged in a reply to a comment with tags, 
  [ m ] ill tag em again for good measure / u/eaterofearth, 
  the lithuanian diplomat says what there plan is, 
  lithuania says that polynesian freedom is part of the plan and the recognition from the srf and ussr , lithuania also offers an embassy, 
  the lithuanian diplomat asks the srf diplomat `` what will you do with the general plan ost documents ? '',
