  `` kidnapping will always be present in every country . 
  women or men will always find a way . '', 
  what you said is not at all as an argument . 
  the polish and czech indeed do not think of themselves as such . 
   because i am not in eastern europe . 
  i was n't taught in school that i was in eastern europe , nor have i lived most of my life in a city where i would now learn that belongs to eastern europe . 
  i do n't understand why we would belong to eastern europe honestly . 
  congratulations , now you know exactly how poles feel when they are told by some foreigners that they apparently live in `` eastern europe '' . 
  it does , when you exclude the `` southern european '' category ( which must be alright to do , if excluding the central europe also happens frequently ) . 
  since the medieval times one of the most notable factors in the western/eastern division was the western roman catholicism and * eastern * orthodoxy dichotomy . 
  daily reminder that 1/4 of germans are eastern europeans . 
   strange you say that since most of the maps in this thread are by western and nordic people and they put you as a eastern country . 
  those who do are wrong . 
  but then again , i do n't expect random guys on reddit to be particularly knowledgeable about anything . 
  still , there were many guys in this thread , including op , who got it right . 
   i get it , you do n't like to be branded as eastern , but you 'll just have to live with it for now . 
  whatever , this mistake being commonly made is mildly infuriating at most . 
  one day even the most persistent cold war era larpera will return to using the correct naming conventions ( and ones we 've been always using locally ) . 
  we 'll remain to be incorrectly perceived as `` eastern '' by ignorants who do n't know much about history besides a one specific ( albeit not particularly long ) period which ended several decades ago , and have outdated economical data , i got it . 
   all those which were under any kind of communist rule , do n't qualify . 
  arbitrarily taking 40 years out of well over a thousand years of established history , and even not the most recent ones . 
  pff , how lame . 
   going to presume that after you reached a certain standard of poor you ca n't escape the `` eastern '' qualifier . 
  eastern european portugal and greece , here we come !, 
  even poland is going to overtake both of those in regards to wealth within a year of two , and czech , slovenians and i think slovaks already did so . 
   land and all others are seen as eastern european ( although you may want to be seen as central european we * were * seen as central european before the ww2 , and we * continue * to perceive ourselves in a way we always did . 
   more about political influence , wealth , history and some other factors only if `` history '' started somewhere around 1945 , and ended sometime in late 80s , and the last time you have seen a wealth comparison was 10 years ago . 
  if you were putting exceptions `` because of their history '' , then * at least * poland , czechia , slovakia , hungary , as well as slovenia , croatia and baltic states would qualify as western . 
  objection , the southernmost 1/3 of poland was ruled by habsburgs for 100 years , that 's more than enough for us to qualify for central europe . 
  berlin confirmed as eastern europe , while austria , switzerland and ireland remain in a limbo , being neither in the eastern , nor western europe . 
  so is greece and portugal `` eastern '' , or is it slovenia and czech republic which are `` western '' according to your classification ? 
  because one of the two has to be true . 
  what 's being protected ? 
  the valuable primevial forests of bia\u0142owie\u017ca national park and various natural reserves within and around it , which the bark beetle outbreak will reach if it wo n't be stopped in regular forest areas right now . 
  what 's being * protested * ? 
  opposition in this country protests * absolutely everything * government related . 
  if they reached their goal , the logging stopped , and then bark beetles will devastate the national park , they would probably complain that the government knew about the danger bark beetle poses , but did nothing about it . 
  the valuable forests of bia\u0142owie\u017ca national park and various natural reserves within and around it , which the bark beetle outbreak will reach if it wo n't be stopped in unprotected areas right now . 
  the government sid explicitly that it will protect bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest from bark beetle outbreak , yes . 
  they might have turned to kremlin , because the polish state did not provide them any help or assistance in early 90s , when they needed it most . 
  i fully understand the disappointment poles in lithuania have with polish government completely ignoring them for several decades in the name of good relations with republic of lithuania . 
  oh , but i do n't * actually * expect germans to pay any reparations , stressing out that they inflicted $ 525 billion worth of damages on poland , and did not compensate it is enough for me . 
   and there are still a lot of trees around us . 
  that does n't mean that local forest were n't wiped out by bark beetles . 
  what ? 
  it was exactly the other way around , seeing from poland . 
  since at least the late 90s there was a consensus that in the 1943-44 period in volhynia , there was a systemic genocidal action prepared by oun/upa , aiming at murdering all polish population from that region ( and largely succeeding ) , followed by several smaller retaliatory massacres prepared by enraged survivors , or groups whom the news of genocide reached . 
  it was only around 2014 when ukrainians started to push their ( completwly counterfactual ) narrative that there was `` no organized genocidal action prepared by oun/upa '' , and that there were `` symmetric '' killings on both sides . 
  this timeline conflates nicely with an attempts to whitewash disgusting war criminals such as stefan bandera , and genocidal organizations such as oun/upa , and rebrand them as ukrainian national heroes , as it was a department in which ukraine visibly lacked any notable figures until very recently . 
   austrians which held it from the late 1700s til the end of ww1 . 
  ... and during that period , it was one of the four principial centers of the polish culture in the world . 
  it was only during the partitions of poland , that lw\u00f3w truly became such an important polish city , on par with warsaw or krak\u00f3w . 
  i am aware that most polea of wilno either were killed during the ww2 , or were resettled/left on their own to poland in late 40s . 
  still , even despite this exodus , even today there are enough of them left there , that outside of the city itself that was colonized by lithuanians , they still [ form local majorities on a significant part of the territory that used to belong to poland before 1939 ] ( http://www.truelithuania.com/nuotraukos/lithuaniaethnicmap.png ), 
  considering that the federal republic of germany , which is the only currently existing german state , separately confirmed the exact scope of the polish-german borders in the 1990 border agreement , which is the basis for demarkation , i 'm not particularly sure why poland would care about it . 
  there exist no physical copies of the document in which the illegitimate ~ ~ reichsprotektorat b\u00f6hmen und m\u00e4hren ~ ~ `` polish people 's republic '' allegedly renounces its claims , so if anything it 's the geeman government which has no basis for its claims . 
  it * was * a polish city until the ethnic cleansing in 1940s . 
  in fact , countryside around it remains ethnically polish to this day , despite intense efforts of lithuanian government to change this situation . 
  the communist dictatorship was a quisling regime set up by occupying soviet forces , while the legitimate pre-war polish government had to remain in exile in london until 1990 . 
  the national socialist dictatorship was created by a party that won several legitimate parliamentary elections in a row , got offered a post of chancellorship as a result , and then used loopholes in weimar constitution to hold on to their power . 
  quite a difference we are having here , do n't you think ? 
  in 1950s , the polish government was kinda busy being in exile in london , not really in a position to agree or speak up to anything . 
  how convenient for berlin , that it was `` settled '' in a way that did n't give poland even a small fraction of the repartions it would be eligible for . 
  thanks for confirming that you had a pre-written response to my post , amd did n't even bother reading what i wrote . 
  the only bias i have is anti-anti-polish-treatment bias . 
   what 's your point ? 
  lviv is n't a polish city , anymore . 
  no matter how hard you want it to be . 
  those are pictures of lw\u00f3w , a polish city that permanently ceased to exist in 1939-1946 period . 
  i do n't give a shit about city of lviv , and certainly do n't want poland tp have anything to do with it . 
  ty  what would you think if przemyshl ' was put on ukrainian passports ? 
  `` whatever . 
  typical ukrainians . '', 
   oh yeah i forgot how poland treated minorities well . 
  it does right now . 
  minorities in poland have all the rights that are demanded by poles remaining in lithuania . 
   you consider not allowing polish latter and street signs within republic of lithuania was sign of oppression we 've been providing both of those rights for minorities in poland for amany years now . 
   makes 0 difference how people live their day-to-day lives . 
  if it makes `` 0 difference '' , then why lithuanians seem to be so butthurt about it and focused on denying this right to the polish minority ? 
  i wo n't comment on the last part , because it is basically `` we did wrong , but so what ? '', 
  statement . 
   and examples of that would be ? 
  ill treatment of polish minority in lithuania for the last quarter of century , while the polish governments tended to ignore that in the name of good relations with lithuania ? 
  the fact that republic of poland did not recognize or provide any aid towards the [ polish national-territorial region ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_national-territorial_region ) back in early 90s , sacrificing it in the name of good relations with lithuania , even though if we * wanted to * we would probably secure the autonomy for local poles ( and avoid the subsequent mess regarding their riggts ) ? 
  ... and one of the four major centers of the polish culture in the world ( others being lw\u00f3w , warsaw and krak\u00f3w ) during the partition period between 1795-1807 , and 1815-1918 . 
  according to polls asking about political self-identification , about 40-45 % of poles consider themselves right-wingers , about 35-40 % consider themselves centrists , and about 10-15 % consider themselves leftists . 
  also according to polls , people in the 18-29 generation in poland holds consevative views in higher proportion , and consider themselves right-wing more often than the 30-something aged people . 
  according to polls asking about political self-identification , about 40-45 % of poles consider themselves right-wingers , about 35-40 % consider themselves centrists , and about 10-15 % consider themselves leftists . 
  also according to polls , people in the 18-29 generation in poland holds consevative views in higher proportion , and consider themselves right-wing more often than the 30-something aged people . 
  ridiculous would be implying the opposite . 
  according to polls asking about political self-identification , about 40-45 % of poles consider themselves right-wingers , about 35-40 % consider themselves centrists , and about 10-15 % consider themselves leftists . 
  also according to polls , people in the 18-29 generation in poland hold consevative views in higher proportion , and consider themselves right-wing more often than the 30-something aged people . 
  ridiculous would be implying the opposite . 
  according to polls asking about political self-identification , about 40-45 % of poles consider themselves right-wingers , about 35-40 % consider themselves centrists , and about 10-15 % consider themselves leftists . 
  also according to polls , people in the 18-29 generation in poland hold consevative views in higher proportion , and consider themselves right-wing more often than the 30-something aged people . 
  ridiculous would be implying the opposite . 
  popular among polish people . 
  it 's just that polish people from the demographic who uses the internet frequently happen to be right-wingers . 
  lithuania was n't particularly friendly to poland for the last 25 years either - to achieve such outcome , two need to play this game , and until now we were the only ones attempting to have a friendly relations between our countries anyway . 
  lw\u00f3w was a part of kingdom of poland since 1340 , even before the union with lithuania .
