  that 's precisely the situation we are in * right now * , and i 'm not particularly thrilled about it . 
   v4 is long dead . 
  precisely , pulling off shit like yesterday certainly wo n't help us revive it . 
  the ` rest of eu relations ' damage was already done throughout the last few weeks , poland changing its decision by 180 \u00b0 at the last second not only did n't repair it , but actually further worsened our image over there , as on top of that we are now also percieved as weak and prone to blackmail . 
  the international relations damage , the quota system itself is mostly harmless and i do n't expect it to actually work unless we decide to put our quota in a closely guarded prison and watch over them 24/7 whether they did n't ran to germany yet . 
  i 'm liking the czech republic more and more lately . 
  the figure in poland is sadly the opposite , most of mainstream media is foreign-controlled and various shades of lefty . 
  [ graph of poll results until the beginning of september , not much changed since then save po dropping even further ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/df/model_sonda%c5%bcy.png ), 
  i 'm hoping for a similar official statement from president duda . 
  wow , that 's pseudoscience on the level of lysenkoism . 
  as i doubt anyone could actually believe such bullshit , i 'll assume you are trolling . 
   christ - i ca n't wait for days of hearings about how trees ca n't cut aircraft wings . 
  that 's still preferable to making joint statements with our close allies first , and then in the last minute suddenly changing our stance into * the fucking opposite one * on a whim . 
  way to go , completely destroying our opinion among the only countries that even remotely respected us until now . 
  not the interests of * polish people * , and that 's what polish government is for . 
  i 'd go with [ kerguelen islands ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kerguelen_islands ) , there 's plenty of room there , it 's safe and far from war . 
  precisely , so did medieval turks in what later became turkey . 
  do pictures of average turks looking suspiciously like greeks and suspiciously not like central asians count ? 
   instead of being labeled as not showing solidarity . 
  oh , but that 's exactly what we did by voting `` yes '' . 
  we were supposed to show solidarity with our czech , slovak and hungarian allies , not betray them . 
  yeah mate , so were we ... 
  nah , i have seen it coming for a while , they had no chance of reelection anyway so they at least try to parachute to some warm eu posts . 
  fuck our government indeed , fortunately we have elections in a month and this crook party is bound to lose by a landslide . 
   shutting down the others , well , rather overcautious than dead . 
  we all know tsunamis and magnitude 9 earthquakes are an everyday occurrence in germany after all . 
  world history ? 
  in the middle ages a bunch of turkish tribes conquered a highly developed and populated area where greeks , armenians and some other lesser known nations lived for thousands of years , it only figures that a large part of this native population assimilated to the turkish culture throughout the years of turkish control . 
  most of turks are turkified greeks . 
  i meant comments like those :  corbyn even suggests it was wrong to allow countries such as poland , as a former member of the warsaw pact in the soviet orbit , to join nato . 
  asked whether it was a mistake to admit former warsaw pact countries , he says : `` i think it probably was , actually . 
  we should have gone down the road ukraine went down in 1990 , which was an informal agreement with russia that ukraine would be a non-nuclear state [ and ] would be non-aligned in its foreign policy . 
  the interesting thing is why russia did n't turn all that into a treaty , why they just accepted it as an informal agreement with nato , the eu and the us . '' http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/aug/07/jeremy-corbyn-interview-we-are-not-doing-celebrity-personality-or-abusive-politics, 
  * most * poles did n't . 
   how ? 
  by proposing various tax breaks for people returning to poland , government-sponsored programs and campaigns , business incubators etc. 
  sadly , there was n't much succes with achieving the desired results so far . 
   so if the eu is so bad why did you guys join ? 
  for free monies mostly - and strenghtening our international security . 
   wait , maybe ... just maybe you have very little ideas of what the majority in poland thinks . 
  apparently `` we 'll make our emigrants return to poland '' is a major point of every electoral campaign in poland since 2004 for shits and giggles . 
   here i am thinking that im talking to an average pole . 
  im just talking to some guy on reddit . 
  i had a similar thought a few posts ago but well , that 's the fucking point of comments of reddit after all - to talk to some random people on the internet . 
  have you realized this terrible truth only now ? 
  if yes , i 'm glad i could help . 
   because things adapt . 
  the idea of refugees was n't invented last years . 
  everything poland , hungary and other countries in the region are doing right now is according to the humanitarian conventions we have signed , and under neither of those exist any obligation for us to accept such mandatory quotas . 
   i wan na see a source for polish charities going to jordan or lebanon and taking refugees to bring to europe . 
  http://natemat.pl/154243,parafia-przyjela-uchodzcow-z-syrii-a-oni-w-nocy-uciekli-do-niemiec-dalismy-im-mieszkanie-i-oferte-pracy-to-niepojete  true , polish women in uk have a higher birthrate than those in poland . 
  precisely - * in uk * . 
   well that 's not how europe works . 
  and the countries that pushed those european countries to open the benefit system to everyone are mostly romania and poland . 
  and those european countries * signed * such free movement deals with poland or romania . 
  they were entirely free not to do so . 
  believe or not , people who * stayed * in poland are not particularly thrilled about emigration either . 
   because they 're polish too ? 
  have a right to vote and stuff ? 
  i consider the fact that they emigrated as one of the * negative * effects eu membership had on poland . 
  the eu * might * give * up to * $ 300 billion total , and gave $ 60 billion * so far * . 
  i think you are the one who has a problem with maths ( or perhaps reading comprehension ) . 
   for example if your country decides to put the death penalty back in , the eu can stop funding . 
  yes , we abolished death penalty in 1997 ( despite huge popular support remaining to this day ) precisely because of this reason . 
  it was a transparent deal both sides accepted . 
  that 's not the case here . 
   syrian refugees are entitled migrants . 
  the fraction of them entering europe illegally , that by an odd coincidence would be a subject of quotas we reject ? 
  infering from their behaviour so far , i 'd say that 's certainly the case . 
   did poland ask any of those immigrants if they wan na come ? 
  our private charities did ( and actually transported them here ) , a significant portion ran soon after arriving despite having housing and jobs provided . 
  polish housing and jobs apparently are n't good enough . 
   dont you ask the polish that are abroad what they think about such policies ? 
  but i 'm a pole * that stayed in poland * , why on earth would i care about that ? 
   about the fn in france , ukip or bnp in the uk and other similar examples ? 
  that 's an internal affair of either of those countries , if people in those countries feel that such policies are what 's best for their country then so be it . 
   when there was the polish plumber in we , how did that make you feel ? 
  good ? 
  indifferent to mildly sad , as we 'll be facing demographical problems in the future because of emigration . 
   western europeans should only give aid to their own ? 
  but of course you should give aid only to your taxpayers , how is it even a question ? 
  well , kaczy\u0144ski 's party never really had a chance to show how their rule would * really * look like , 2005-07 period was a time of a very fragile and exotic coallition . 
  that most likely wo n't be the case this time and they 'll be able to show their true colors , though for now one can only wonder what exactly those colors are . 
   it 's already happening sadly . 
  good , it 's your money . 
  apparently there * were * strings attached to it after all , but it was nice while it lasted . 
   oh god . 
  you do sound like a teenager . 
  it 's nice to be percieved as a someone younger so thanks a lot i guess . 
   pocket money fits so perfectly . 
  i used the `` pocket money '' precisely to describe how childlish this attitude looks from around here . 
   nope , more like provide housing and jobs . 
  i do n't know about your country , but we have enough of tax paying population who would love to have their housing and jobs provided . 
  also , i seriously doubt poland could possibly afford providing the kind of housing and jobs those migrants with entitlement issues would n't sniff about . 
   but hey , lets close all borders because 10000 people can be suuuper dangerous to our social structure . 
  i still fail to see how exactly both conversations are in any way related . 
   and why is the job of the eu tax payer to help you catch up ? 
  if not for solidarity reasons ? 
  good . 
  then do n't help us if you do n't want to do so .
