   over generalizing the broad span of ideologies considered socialism perhaps . 
  i do n't really care about subtle differences between various branches of the ideology that brought the most suffering in the history of mankind . 
   neither of them considered their end games to be utopias , just better systems if such `` better system '' is pretty much impossible to implement in the real world without everyone willingly participating/being forced to participate by totalitarian apparatus of terror , then it 's pretty much an utopia , regardless of its creators ' opinion on that matter . 
   also , not all utopias are socialist as your definition would imply . 
  \\  implying it 's a definition it 's a common trait , not a definition . 
  and i never said * all * utopias are socialist , just that all `` socialisms '' are utopian . 
  in this case , `` utopia '' is a broader term . 
  i never said it was the * definition * of socialism , it 's more like an inevitable outcome of attempts to actually implement the socialist utopia in the real world . 
   are you saying that national-socialism is socialist just because socialist is in the name ? 
  national socialism is socialist , because its goal is to make oridinary people completely devoid of any choice and control over their lives . 
  full of common misery end effect is similar to the one in communism , just the justification is different ( hence the `` national '' part ) . 
   could argue definitions all day long if you call the difference between being factually correct and being plain wrong `` arguing definitions '' , then why not . 
   we could agree that they 're all cunts of course - most politicians are , and those are n't exceptions to that rule . 
   onr maybe the pre-war one . 
  current onr are nationalists . 
   rn if you call rn `` fascists '' , you could also call sld `` stalinist '' , and you would n't be off by a significatly higher ammount . 
   mw catholic scouts with nationalist undertones . 
  considering either of the three to be the ones closely following the mussolini 's ideology would be a complete misassesment of the situation . 
  we have neofascists ? 
  til . 
  yeah , instead of * buying * slaves from slave traders , they just almost completely destroyed the infrastructure and industry of a moderately developed country , and * by themselves * enslaved a large proportion of its population , forced them into slave work . 
  if anything , that would be even worse than slave trade . 
   european countries have n't enslaved each other since the 1400 's nah , absolutely , never happenned . 
  i wonder what nazi germany did in poland during the ww2 then . 
  they do n't need to come all the way to sweden for that , there are many safe countries much closer . 
  i 'm concerned about the population growth of native europeans . 
  i 'm not a white supremacist . 
  ama . 
  well , that 's an interesting theory , considering that since the ancient times africa was generally underdeveloped and impoverished when compared to the three biggest historical centres of civilization and population in the old world - europe , china and india . 
  the overall population of africa was also historically lower than either of the three , and the current approcaching * over * population of the continent caused by their rapid growth also wo n't help changing that situation . 
  colonialism probably did n't help them , sure , but it 's not the source of all of their problems either . 
   spray it with some random colours just do n't forget about important things , like uniformly painting all of scandinavia with the colour corresponding to `` the best '' , and painting south italy and wallonia with significantly worse colour than the rest of the country . 
  i do n't think anyone would notice then . 
  yeah , tibia was really big here between 2005 and ~ 2008 , but by now it has mostly died down . 
  well , seeing as without poland you are '' * separate * poor '' , there would n't be much difference then . 
  you seem to be forgeting that nations in the modern sense did n't exist in 16th century . 
  trying to simply call the german-speaking subjects of the kingdom of poland `` germans '' would be a huge oversimplification . 
  yes , but it does n't mean that `` it was never polish '' . 
  it was a property of the king of poland for over 100 years , even if its inhabitants mostly spoke german . 
  well , commonwealth was a multinational country after all . 
  however you look at it , our historical claim to it surely was much stronger than the russian one - though also weaker than the german one . 
  1525-1657 would like to have a word with you . 
  we even have the polish names for every single city , town and village that already existed in east prussia in that period . 
  ... officially . 
  actually though , ussr was by far the most hated country in the world in polish people 's republic . 
  over 40 % of people viewing them favorably in 2010 was probably the best result russia ever had in poland . 
  maybe he just mixed up the injured with killed . 
  ah yes , the evil alliance of conservative liberals and moderate libertarians ( people like me ) indubitably is a historical fact . 
  it was them who started the civil war !, 
  though i 'm not really sure on which side they fought . 
   by people like you til conservative liberals started the spanish civil war . 
   when sweden introduced social democracy , because they did it right . 
  they never went batshit insane with nationalization or trying to make the * economy * more socialist , quite the contrary , their economy remained very liberal and free-market . 
  because they have n't destroyed their economy , they were able to implement the welfare state , slowly extending its extent more and more the richer their country grew . 
  ah , and they also completely avoided the ww2 , and traded with both sides during it . 
  that also surely helped , though it was n't the deciding factor . 
   they were not particularly wealthier than spain , of course they were . 
  please , even * poland * was richer than spain before the ww2 . 
  though the latter is not really the case anymore thanks to extensive damage to our country being done by commies until 1989 . 
  no , * you * get causality on the reverse . 
  because sweden is a rich country thanks to their healthy and very capitalist economy , they can afford one of the most extensive welfare states in the world . 
  not the other way around . 
  i do n't know which country you are from so unfortunately i ca n't use a localized insult to target you , but i 'm pretty sure `` socialist '' is an insult in my country . 
  [ actually , sweden is one of the * least * economically socialist countries in the world . 
  ] ( http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/ed-aq279_index2_d_20130109170605.jpg ) they also have an extensive welfare state , sure , but they can afford it precisely because of their high-income capitalist economy . 
  that 's nothing , look how the [ famous polish pre-war spa town zaleszczyki on the former border with romania looks nowadays . 
  ] ( http://welocypedy.pl/index.php?art=375&amp;kat=114&amp;lang=1 ) soviet union , not even once . 
   if you 're arguing for an ideology-free society no , i am against treating ideologies differently to religions , while they are actually quite similar . 
  if fundamental communists are free to seek the transformation of the country according to their beliefs ( even if there are many non-communists who would dissent such changes ) , so should be fundamental christians ( even if there are many non-fundamental christians , who also would dissent ) . 
  the voters should be the ones to decide . 
  so yes , if that 's what `` secularism '' means , then i 'm against it because it 's exactly as absurdal as an `` ideology-free society '' and singles out * one particular * group of voters to be unable to freely express their political opinions . 
  of course they were . 
  to the extent they also were present in other countries in the 30s . 
  these same things were also developed in the countries that were n't occuppied by commies . 
  most `` good '' things people like you give commies credit for are things that would happen under * any * government thanks to overall progress of human civilization . 
  \\  why should me and my mother follow laws derived from liberal/socialist/conservative school of thought , despite not being liberal/socialist/conservative anymore ? 
  you should follow them , because they are * laws * . 
  that 's the very point of law . 
  if you do n't like them , vote for a party that will change them . 
  also , i do n't see any difference between a fundamental catholic party imposing their worldview on non-catholics ( like banning abortion for everyone ) , and a socialist party imposing their worldview on non-socialists ( like forcing everyone to participate in a state-sanctioned `` wealth redistribution '' ) , yet only the first tends to be seen ( on reddit , not in real life ) as something worth condemnation . 
   denmark , sweden , netherlands whatever , we 're all just lucky , huh ? 
  40 years of soviet occuppation and you would be no different feom hungary . 
  maybe czech republic , if you really tried . 
   or your information , belgium was the first industrialized country on the continent . 
  and right now they are still operating on this 1820s industrial base ? 
  oh my , that must be really hard for them . 
   i 'm a flemish nationalist even though i 'm not even flemish , makes sense now you see how funny it is to reply to absurdal and illogical arguments !, 
  we are even . 
   tusk is performing a pathetic job by our standards tusk remarked at some occassions that he dislikes the way things are going in russia = tusk is performing a pathetic job by our standards well , i would n't want to have anything to do with a society having such pathetic standards . 
   poland is eastern europe . 
  if your definition of `` eastern europe '' is `` countries where soviets long overstayed their welcome and forgot to leave until 90s '' , then sure . 
  historically - not at all . 
  this topic has potential for 20 more posts , though i wo n't continue further , as we are long past the point where we are pretending to be arguing for the sake of arguing , and i do n't really like to waste my time * that much * . 
   belgium is on every single aspect superior to poland . 
  well , they were lucky enough to be liberated by americans , brits and * poles * during the ww2 , instead of getting occuppied by ussr . 
  i 'm not denying it 's not true , it 's just not really their doing . 
   though , i must admit that belgium , the dutch speaking side specifically , hold a special place in my heart . 
  it 's a patriotic thing rather than a nationalist thing . 
  nah , you are clearly a radical flemish-dutch nationalist . 
  i concluded so after reading three of your posts in which you vigorously defended an * inferior * belgian politican , only a nationalist would do such a thing .
