  not when you have already invaded them earlier , that 's for sure . 
  they were invaded and occupied by russia in 19th century , just like poland was . 
  thanks to that i can easily relate to the chechen struggle against the evil empire that occupies their homeland ever since , and i can easily see how we could have likes of / u/glideer insisting that russia never invaded poland , were we a bit more unlucky and the central powers did n't beat russian empire during the ww1 , and russians kept occupying poland to this day . 
  anyhow , i 'm glad that dudayev - the president of chechenya murdered by russians in 90s , at least has a roundabout named after him in warsaw . 
   well , if you go back far enough you will find that poland invaded russia and occupied moscow . 
  oh , are we also still occupying moscow * today * ? 
  because i was under an impression that we withdrew after two years . 
   well , russia did n't either . 
  [ typical russian denial ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caucasian_war ) . 
  of course russia invaded it , it somehow became a part of russia after all . 
  very positively . 
  basically , as the only reliable allies we have in the world . 
   as long as it is distributed evenly . 
  the catch it , they * wo n't * be distributed evenly . 
  waiting for the inevitable `` refugees not welcome '' counter-campaign the next week . 
   i mean , wow , so what was the pact according to you then if your version is the ` official ' and ` true ' version ? 
  yet another of countless exampless of russian imperialism . 
  if it was a purely defwnsive move , soviets would return the areas they occupied immediately after the war ended . 
  soviet union was the * only * country in the world who ended the ww2 with a territorial net gain . 
   have a feeling you have no idea what the pact even meant . 
  i have a quite good idea - it was a final stage of preparation before the decisive soviet invasion of europe . 
  germans managed to attack first though , and soviets had to settle for cooperatiin with uk and us , and in the end occupying only half of europe instead of the entire continent like in intitial vision of stalin . 
   you 're adding arguments like ` being ass-kicked ' i 'm not adding any arguments , it was you who claimed that soviet army would be so inept and easily defeated as it was in 1941 in * any * circumstances . 
  which is untrue , as the initial swift defeat was due to lack of fortifications , and the red army being deployed and prepared in purely offensive manner with little to no defensive training . 
   in that case poland really ` got their asses kicked ' by the soviet union for their entire history . 
  yeah , like in 1920 . 
   here 's a link just for you if you ca n't find history in your own textbooks : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1938_polish_ultimatum_to_lithuania `` ultimatum demanded that the lithuanian government unconditionally agree to establish diplomatic relations with warsaw within 48 hours '' wow , poland the most evil country in the world confirmed . 
  still waiting for the `` annexation of lithuanian territory '' bit though . 
   even in 1600 's when it was poland that invaded russia ? 
  oh , even in 1500s , when muscovy ( not renamed russia yet ) kept attacking our lithuania . 
  terrible surprise that we actually * fought back * for once , that indeed was the most un-poland-like thing ever ( and even then , it was a reluctant and forced involvement , as the whole affair started from entirely private meddling of group of polish noblemen , and only after it turned out they overestimated themselves public pressure demanded involvement of the commonwealth ) . 
   are essentially saying you have a perfect history we completely * lost * the history , how can it be `` perfect '' ? 
  we managed to become a major european great power by pure diplomatical skills , and still fucked it up . 
  edit : that upvoting yourself from your multiple accounts , hillariously pathetic . 
  i reported you for vote manipulation . 
   just fail to see it because of your extreme bias quite the contrary , you imagine `` proof '' where there is nothing even remotely resembling it because of * your * extreme bias . 
   you have no intention of even trying to see the truth from a military standpoint . 
  i 'm quite sure i have more knowledge on military standpoint regarding the ww2 , considering the uneducated and ignorant crap you are spouting in this thread . 
  expecting the frontline to move by the exact same distance with vastly different start conditions , you sound like a 6 year old who has absolutely no clue about military strategy . 
   had there been less than 35km of territory gained from the deal , then moscow may have presumably been overrun . 
  was soviet military stationed on a fortified polish-soviet border , instead of standing in * offensive * formation in the middle of poland , soviet union definitely would n't have its ass kicked by wehrmacht so hard in the initial half year of barbarossa . 
   and you helped them achieve more than they what would be possible at the time . 
  `` helped them '' in which way exactly ? 
   territory is disputed territory great majority of territory is not disputed by anybody . 
  poland claimed the 1918 borders , czechoslovakia claimed the 1920 ones after their sneaky invasion . 
  you should at least have the decency to accuse czechoslovakia of `` imperialism '' as well , if you do the same with poland . 
   all , annexing both czechoslovak and lithuanian territory in the pre-text of ww2 ? 
  we did not annex any lithuanian territory in the pre-text of ww2 . 
  actually , quite the contrary happened with lithuania annexing the wilno region in 1939 ( and no , the argument that poland took it from them in 1920 does n't count , as the argument that czechoslovakia took zaolzie from us in 1920 also did n't , you have to be consistent in your bullshit ) . 
   and now poland itself complains about russian imperialism ? 
  * now * ? 
  we 've been complaining about russian imperialism for hundreds of years . 
  anyhow , i have no intention on wasting my sunday any further on trying to reason with a deluded russian . 
   he most integral part is not about side-events but what came out of the pact ; the soviet union being able to ultimately win the war and stop nazi germany . 
  there is no proof that the pact was what allowed it to happen . 
  also , soviet union did not give back the territories it occupied as a result of nazi-soviet pact to its rightful owners after the war ended . 
   well , it does n't remove from the fact that you were an accomplice to nazi germany we did it entirely on our own , with no prior consultation with nazi germany . 
   nd annexed territory that was not your own , it was a disputed territory , awarded to poland on ethnic basis in 1918 after austria-hungary dissolved , occupied by czechoslovakia in 1920 because a railway line connecting moravia with slovakia was going through it . 
  exactly how it 's whataboutism ? 
  i 'd like to remind you that we are talking about the ww2 , and the barbaric soviet treatment of population of territories invaded and occupied by it in the early phase of war is an integral part of it . 
   you place a lot of emphasis on katyn you asked me how katy\u0144 is relevant - i answered that question . 
   you also seem to forget your annexation of czechoslovakia in 1938 . 
  yeah , we took a 10-km wide disputed border strip with absolutely no casualties , both situations are clearly equivalent . 
  such ` great ' imperialistic ambitions !, 
   you know very well that i was referring to it from a military standpoint . 
  and from the standpoint of countries occupied by soviet union , you are not any different from nazi germany now , congratulations . 
   the ` pact ' itself was never a sign of wrongdoing , but strategic thinking . 
  yeah , way over million of people deported from soviet-occupied poland , lithuania , latvia and estonia to siberia and kazakhstan in inhumane conditions and with a very high death toll was also a sign of such `` strategical thinking '' and a neccessary part of the plan , i presume . 
   katyn is not a ` direct ' result no soviet invasion of poland - no katy\u0144 massacre . 
  it 's a direct result however you spin it . 
   i wonder how history is taught in poland ? 
  stuck between two evil imperialistic totalitarian empires and bound to lose either way , no way out . 
   all russia 's fault only the things that actually are russia 's fault are considered russia 's fault around here . 
   how is the molotov - ribbentrop pact a sign of russian wrongdoing ? 
  perhaps soviet agressions of six different sovereign countries , and subsequent very brutal treatment of newly soviet-occupied areas could serve as a hint as to why . 
   important decision made my stalin in order to prepare for an imminent german attack yeah , agression against six different countries , completely dismantling the zone of neutral states , creating a direct soviet-german border and abandoning an advanced system of fortifications on polish-soviet border was definitely how one should prepare for an attack . 
   but no , katyn had to be included for it to be a sensible discussion . 
  katy\u0144 is a direct result of soviet invasion of poland , which is a direct result of r-m pact . 
  it 's not hard to notice that this particular conversation was about russian wrongdoings * from the start * , and is directly related to the absurdal russian claims described in the article we are all commenting under . 
  where was this `` whataboutism '' you speak of ? 
  this particular thread started from a mention of nazi-soviet ~ ~ alliance ~ ~ co-belligerence pact , and stayed on topic until you tried to derail it . 
   it spiralled down to soviet occupation and katyn that 's still ww2-related . 
  on the other hand , powcamp conditions during the polish-bolshevik war are a rather huge leap from that topic ( and quite characteristic to the russian whataboutism ) . 
   when he makes some valid points could you enlighten me on where exactly it occured ? 
  those `` valid points '' ? 
  because all i 've seen so far was the exact same dishonest propaganda the russian state was spreading for the last few years . 
  the `` 800 gajillion ` genocided ' pows '' cheap russian propaganda you were spouting in this thread does not relate to either the article , nor the ww2 . 
  and i do n't recall trying to discuss with you about anything else . 
  \\  polish-bolshevik war \\  ww2 history oops , it seems that you posted the wrong phrase from your guidebook . 
   your emotions seem to get a hold of you , which is why you obviously ca n't have a normal discussion without resorting to personal attacks . 
  it 's hard to have a normal discussion when you are knocking over the pieces and shitting all over the board . 
  perhaps the next time try not to use the exact same phrases and * modus operandi * shills and putinbots use , if you do n't like to be called like that . 
   you asked me where the numbers came from and i took the average of both russian and polish sources you took the average of the well-documented polish data ( which is also confirmed by 2004 russian research ) , and some completely unsourced and unbelievable asspull , congratulations . 
  80k is the number of * all * the soviet pows in poland , and at most 20-25 % of them perished due to various epidemics . 
   much can be said about the polish sources since those are the only ones that exist and they are pretty vague if you ask me . 
  yes , it 's somehow * our * fault that unlike the open and transparent polish data , russians ca n't even keep track of thousands of polish pows they took . 
  i thought we have already discussed this issue , but it seems that your `` shilling on the nets 101 '' prikaz does not include this kind of situation . 
   it 's great how you think that only russians can have the same opinion as me , you simply started to sound like a typical russian shill at some point , and it was only then when i checked for it . 
  you can guess my complete lack of surprise about the effect . 
   there are poles that like russia , maybe you did n't know .
