   thought danzig was inhabited mostly by germans ? 
  and danzig was a league of nations protectorate in the interwar period and became a part of poland only after 1945 . 
   while posen was definately polish . 
  yeah , both wielkopolska ( called `` posen '' by germans for whatever reason , such lack of invention when coming up with names of conquered territories ) and eastern pomerania were polish ( and kashubian , in parts directly by the sea ) . 
   you are seriously trivialising the holocaust and the systematic extermination of slavs , your people included it 's not like soviet union did n't attempt systematic extermination of poles , or anything . 
  the 1937-38 genocide of ussr poles , mass deportations of poles from soviet-occupied poland to siberia or kazakhstan , or mass executions of polish officers were clearly an act of great friendship and completely unlike actions of nazis . 
   a non aggression pact , not an alliance a non-aggression-pact with a secret * alliance protocol * . 
  nobody gives a shit about non-aggression pact itself , it 's the secret protocol everyone mentions . 
   ' t baltic states as well as poland have treaties signed with germany in the past our treaties with germany have not included a secret protocol including division of half of europe between the two countries . 
   did n't poland participate in the invasion of czechoslovakia ? 
  not really , we annexed the disputed territory completely on our own and with no prior consultation with germany . 
  you are the ones forcing the `` nazism and communism are not the same '' ideology down our throats actually . 
  `` low quality submission '' being a valid reason for deletion is a very shitty rule in itself , as it allows for a very arbitrary interpretation of it - especially when you have mods with clear agenda like dclauzel . 
   but it 's a historical fact that this was german territory and therefore parts of poland are german territory . 
  you are only partially right about that . 
  the ones received by us in 1945 - yes , of course . 
  the ones given back to us in 1919 - not at all . 
  the worst vassals of poland ever . 
  traitorous bastards constantly scheming to put a knife in our back and steal our sea access . 
  oh , the horrors . 
  they do n't have to come here if it 's so shit then . 
  it might be russian - ( or soviet - ) * designed * , but the great majority of this equipment is made in ukraine . 
  yeah , giving us medals for ensuring economical collapse in our countries 30-40 years down the road , perfect idea . 
   exploiting africa for it 's natural resources the script will be flipped joke 's on them , we have already depleted most of our natural resources . 
   they 're not originally polish , and the ones in poland still speak lithuanian after 70 years you should have mentioned it in your original post then , considering that it completely changes the meaning of it . 
  lithuanian-speaking immigrants in poland are truly special snowflakes , even rarer than lithuanian speakers in pre-war wilno . 
   lol @ you taking this seriously enough to insult the whole country any occasion to pointlessly banter with lithuanians is good , the levels of mental gymnastics you guys are reaching anytime someone mentions wilno are so hillarious , i started doing it on purpose each time this topic is even slightly relevant . 
  the name `` auschwitz '' is used only to refer to the german death camp located there , the city itself is called o\u015bwi\u0119cim . 
   a fun fact , my lithuanian grandma was born in wilno , i just viewed her birth certificate this week . 
  the 1 % , congrats . 
   some of her family members fled to poland after wwii because it was simply a better option than stalin , some actually chose to identify as polish after staying because it was favorable in the area under soviet ethnic policies . 
  or maybe not even that , as it seems that at least parts of your grandma 's family could easily be polish . 
   second of all , it 's a kosovo type situation however you spin it . 
  til serbs in kosovo gradually became albanians because the albanian culture ( through which serbia was initiated to the western civilization ) was more attractive . 
  not because they were outbred or anything . 
   ( badly , as it had disproportionately underdeveloped economy in poland ) well , it was only a middle-sized provincional town in one of the poorest parts of poland . 
  the only merit of it was its disproportionate cultural importance to the polish nation , it would n't be worth defending and fighting over otherwise . 
   our city and we need it . 
  yeah , regarding the * cities * lithuania definitely is in the `` among the blind one-eyed man is a king '' situation after all . 
   was also done to prevent russian hegemony over poland . 
  quite the contrary , the primary goal of the first partition was to * recover * russian hegemony over polqnd which started to fade away since the election of the king stanis\u0142aw i in 1764 . 
   i read it that during the great nordic war russia started to gain more and more traction in the area sure , our king august ii of the saxon dynasty was easily played by russians during the northern war and it ended with russians occupying our country and gaining significant influence over it . 
   and poland was slowly dwindling away in terms of power partly because the polish-lithuanian commonwealth became more and more unable to act because of the liberum veto in the polish parliament . 
  which , in great part , was a result of prussian and russian agents in poland using weaknesses of the semi-democratic system to destabilize the country . 
   to naot unnecessarily provoke the two other great regional powers that were bordering poland in austria and prussia they were `` given '' to them . 
  quite the contrary , despite best efforts of prussia and russia since late 60s of 18th century poland started to recover and slip away from the russian influence present since the end of the northern war . 
  that 's when russia sought help of prussia ( and ultimately austria ) in subjugating poland again . 
   for austria it was in part to recover from losing silesia earlier on austria was n't a driving force behind the partitions , at the last minute they simply boarded the train russia and prussia were already on for many years . 
   also sure russia and prussia were interested in keep a vaccuum of power in poland to preject their own power into it which led ultimately into the later partition . 
  as it turned out , the 1772 langrabs did not return the pre-1760s russian influence in poland and the enlightenment reforms in our country continued . 
  prussian and russian agents were n't able to infiltrate polish parliament so easily anymore . 
   then prussia thought to strike profit aswell and annexed further territories and while prussia could find some weak claims or justifications for parts of 1772 grabs , that was n't the case with 1793 one . 
  it still was caled `` wilno '' by the local population back in 1940s . 
  then , as a result of stalin 's map drawings , most of original wilno inhabitants left to settle ruins of danzig/gda \u0144sk or stettin ( renamed `` szczecin '' , which rolls out of the tongue better ) , while at the same time their home city was newly settled by people who tended to call it by this exotic `` vilnius '' name . 
   am truly sorry , i wanted to write if it is debatable if it historically a polish city . 
  of course it is debatable - it was * both * polish and german city after all . 
   also yes the polish partitions were bad but to be fair the parts that were annexed by prussia had a fairly big part of germans [ the only parts which would have any significant ammount of germans at the time of annexations , would be that narrow pocket around lidzbark and elbl\u0105g . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/30/rzeczpospolita_rozbiory_3.png/1500px-rzeczpospolita_rozbiory_3.png ) which , after a brief look on the map , makes a rather small portion of the territory annexed by prussia . 
  areas around pozna\u0144 or warsaw were as polish as you could get - being the core parts of poland and all . 
   but the bigger reason was for sure the desire to connect to east prussia by land which ammounts to `` we wanted to grab this foreign land because it was convenient to us '' . 
  i do n't see how exactly do you want to help your cause by that . 
   also you should n't leave out austria . 
  austria was also in on the polish partions . 
  partitions were primarily a russian-prussian deal and the final phase of 70 years of joint russian-prussian efforts to undermine the polish state , austria joined on it late only to not miss out on free landgrabs . 
   also i would say it is debatable if it is a polish city . 
  it was ruled by poland for way longer than any german state . 
  there also was n't much left of it after the red army destroyed it in 1945 . 
   it was ruled under the german order after the german order ( which was invited by a local polish duke to protect his northern border from raids of pagan prussians ) turned coats on their polish liege lords and massacred the original west slavic population of the city in 1308 . 
   and the german hanse there were many polish cities in hanse , like krak\u00f3w . 
   and was later again part of prussia . 
  after prussia dismembered poland in cooperation with russia and grabbed lots of lands which never had anything to do with germany and they had absolutely no valid claims on . 
  well , * all * slavs come from somewhere in present-day poland . 
  if anything you are all just offshots of poles who lost their way and wandered too far . 
  millions of people from the former eastern poland annexed by soviet union after their invasion of our country were resettled by soviets to the completely ruined land we were given in potsdam . 
  it was officially a `` war compensation '' ( though the damages inflicted by germany to our country greatly exceeded any value those lands could possibly have ) , but it was universally understood that this 101k sq km of germany was actually a `` compensation '' for 178k sq km of poland annexed by soviet union . 
  overall , it 's seen as one of the biggest ripoffs in our history as some great polish cities like lw\u00f3w or wilno were exchanged for ruins of gda\u0144sk or breslau which was a rather shitty deal , but well - it 's still better than losing those cities and gaining nothing at all in exchange . 
  nobody cares about the fate of germans , as they were the ones to start the war and cause this shitty situation in the first place . 
  as of now , we refuse all ukrainian asylum requests ( as the great majority of ukraine is completely safe ) . 
  all ukrainians working in poland are here by other means . 
  and considering that there is no other country bordering poland where such dangerous conditions exist , those would be the only potential asylum seekers who * would n't * have their applications rejected . 
  asylum seekers from any other country , including syria , would have to directly paradrop to our country to have their applications accepted , as they are not fleeing * immediate * danger otherwise . 
  though if the rules change in the future and we 'll be forced to take refugees in a way disregarding all the treaties we have signed until now , i hope we 'll simply reclassify ukrainians as `` refugees '' to meet such imposed absurdal quotas . 
  belarus . 
  maybe ukraine . 
  cossack uprisings and lowered income from selling wheat . 
  i still do n't see it going such smoothly . 
  there are * way * better employment opportunities within few hours ride . 
  and if that was enough for hundreds of thousands of people with perfect command of polish ( which is a rather hard language to learn ) , i do n't see how it would n't be for people who have travelled half of the world and dozens of countries only to end up in a country with weird language , next to no job opportunities without a perfect knowledge of it , and rather unsatysfying opportunities even after successfuly mastering it . 
  yes , i have a doomsday scenario because in practice it would end up rather close to it . 
  adress the second part of my point . 
  do you honestly want us to plant concentration camps for refugees all around poland , where people are being taken against their will , and have guards looking over whether they are not trying to escape back to sweden , germany or belgium ? 
  as much as i am repulsed by this concept , if your countries would actually help paying for it then why not . 
  treaties we have signed define refugees as people fleeing from * immediate * danger . 
  if on your way to the country you seek asylum in you have to pass dozen or-so * completely safe * countries where you face no such danger , how exactly are you still eligible for refugee status ? 
  it is a game - in which a few rich countries for whatever reason try to outdo themselves in showing how humanitarian and progressive they are . 
  we have * actual * refugees from ukraine in poland right now . 
  i 'll also adress a point made by you in another post . 
   `` none arrive here , so none stay . 
  no help ! '', 
  but that 's the reality we live in .
