  it was something akin to , say , ukraine attacking crimea right now . 
  not really , there already were john paul ii streets in almost every city and town long before the pope died . 
  that was the only widespread exception of the `` not naming streets after people who are still alive '' unwritten rule . 
   sorry , but you ca n't blame someone for trying to keep going no , but i can certainly blame them for breaking the law - which , coincidentally , is the situation described in the article we are commenting under . 
  yeah , anyone would become desperate if they had to stay in * france * . 
  austria was pretty much as much `` germany '' as any other german state , until prussia decided to proclaim the german empire without austria in 1871 . 
  ski jumping in winter , football in other seasons . 
  volleyball also has quite big following . 
  we had higher growth rates before his party won the elections . 
   you live in a fantasy world there estonia was n't a part of soviet union for 50 years all three baltic states were illegally occupied by soviet union until 1991 . 
   and immigration is a `` serious crime in international law '' . 
  https://www.icrc.org/customary-ihl/eng/docs/v1_cha_chapter38_rule130  later incorporated into soviet union ( which means that occupation ceased and transformed into annexation ) . 
  parts of poland occupied by nazi germany during the ww2 that were incorporated into third reich as well , but that does n't mean their occupation `` ceased '' . 
   and its not like those people are immigrants that 's precisely who great majority of them are . 
  1st , 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants . 
  you are aware that changing ethnic composition of an occupied territory is a serious crime in international law , right ? 
   before it gained independence estonia was independent since 1918 , the thing that occurred in 1991 was that a 50-year long soviet occupation of it ended . 
   the 1st is also `` dictating how your private property shall be used '' . 
  you are forced to give your property away to the government so they can build their highway . 
  precisely , because it would be terribly hard to build any highways if one guy not selling his property could block it . 
  forcing you out of your property in order to give it to other people though ? 
  i 'll repeat - any country with a law allowing for such thing to happen has a really shitty law . 
  yeah , for making matters like building a highway possible . 
  not for dictating how your private property shall be used . 
  seems you guys have a really shitty constitution . 
   but i know that i know better than you . 
  so far , throughout many posts you have wrote in this thread , you have only managed to prove that * you do n't really know shit * about the topic . 
  my repeated attempts to change that situation were sadly proven repeatedly futile , so i 'll assume you are either particularly stubborn , or trolling . 
   i think this discussion is at its end - there 's nothing interesting you can say except reiterating your argument in a different ways ditto  well , you can have your thinking that you 're right and you can have your last word . 
  well , so can you , with your * thinking * that you `` know '' better than me . 
  at the end of the day , you are still just some willfuly ignorant guy on the internet half a world away , and if you want to be wrong despite overwhelming evidence then so be it . 
  it 's not like your ignorance on this particular topic has any real-world impact on anything , you can also believe that moon is made of cheese for all i care . 
   in 2014 he was opposing nato presence in poland , quote : `` i do not wish german troops presence in poland i 'm quite sure * most * poles do not wish german troops presence in poland . 
  gdp of entire ukraine is comparable to the gdp of one polish province though . 
  relevant username, 
   being one of the countries which suffered the most from soviet and tzarist repression and currently still under threat from putin ... and one of the countries that already has an experience of defense guarantees and military cooperation with certain western european countries , and it 's not a positive one . 
  you do n't shovel your sidewalks in estonia ? 
  why not just `` german camps '' then , after all everyone knows they were nazi camps . 
   i agree , it should have been left exactly the way the germans left it : as an enormous sea of rubble . 
  maybe it would have been restored eventually , or maybe not , but none of that was our business . 
  oh , i also agree . 
  if only russians stayed the fuck out of poland the moment war ended , and did not impose their idiotic communist bullshit on us , our country would be in a much better shape right now . 
  sadly , they overstayed their welcome for 50 years . 
   and then stalin chose to restore the city to its former glory . 
  and as a varsovian , i 'd say he failed miserably as most of the city was shat over with ugly commieblocks instead of being `` restored to former glory '' . 
   he even built a goddamn skyscraper as a ` gesture of good will ' . 
  a skyscraper that somehow manages to be wider than taller , with a footprint so large it completely disrupts the city grid in a 600mx600m area , and surrounded by complete wasteland . 
  thanks a lot for this crap instead of a normal city center , what a waste indeed . 
   even more symbolic than warsaw ? 
  nah , the fact that germans literally tried to erase the very existence of warsaw ( and largely succeded ) made it more symbolic as a capital than krak\u00f3w . 
  moving the capital permanently to a different city after the war ended would be equal with admiting that nazi germany achieved their goal . 
  also , warsaw has a more central location than krak\u00f3w , which is always a good trait for capital to have . 
  the ruling party actually voted against the recent citizen 's project to ban all kinds of abortion . 
   mind that warsaw did n't necessarily have to become the capital city again . 
  indeed , after the war the * de facto * capital was actually in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a until 1947 . 
   no he is n't . 
  your spidery senses are not supported by what math ( statistics in particular ) is saying . 
  not really - 35 % chance of winning means that two out of five times he * would * win - and that 's quite far from saying `` no he is n't '' . 
   look at his track record for example , nate silver predicting that trump has a 2 % chance of winning the republican nomination a year ago . 
   it rebuilt the country from the last time western europeans paid us a visit . 
  nah , it perpetuated the destruction our country suffered back then . 
   so you 're telling me that if i walked up to a house in poland or lithuania and rang the doorbell , that someone would walk up to the door , look through their peephole or whatever , and then just walk back to the tv or kitchen or computer ? 
  if you were not an acquaintance , neighbor or a postman/delivery ? 
  pretty much this . 
   rt consumption will lead to a severe case of polish/russian nationalism literally nobody cares about rt in poland . 
  if you asked 1000 people on a street about it , maybe 5 of them would recall that something like this even exist at all . 
  and that 's besides the fact that `` rt leading to polish nationalism '' is a hillarious claim in itself . 
  silesia is a region of poland , just like saxony is a region of germany , or champagne is a region of france . 
   neoliberal shockdoctrine in the early 90s if not for `` neoliberal shockdoctrine '' , we would end up as the second ukraine economically-wise . 
   the hypocrisy is real . 
  quite the contrary , considering that poles living in poland are the ones who * stayed home * and did * not * emigrate anywhere . 
   what if the uk , ireland and germany refused to accept poles after all of these years what do you think would 've happened ? 
  we would probably have over 40 mln people instead of only 38 mln right now , and we would be slightly less worried about the prospect of demographic collapse . 
   it is * now just becoming * an eu circle jerk nah , i 've been here since 2011 , and it already was an eu circlejerk back then . 
   sigh , you do realize that poland did not gain independence and statehood until after ww1 ? 
  poland existed until 1795 ( as well as in 1807-1815 period ) . 
  before the partitions , warsaw already had around 150,000 inhabitants , not a small city by any stretch . 
   meaning poland was independent for about 20 years before ww2 happened . 
  as well as for 800 years before those 100 years of lack of independence . 
   much of what was developed in modern warsaw was done during the russian empire . 
  much of what was considered prime landmarks and important sites in warsaw was already developed before the partitions . 
   a18 frankly , we probably should , as driving on a18 feels like driving on a staircase . 
  it 's definitely among the shittiest roads in poland qualitywise . 
  you should probably ask this question to ukrainians who felt the need to dig a vile organization such as upa from the past and proclaim it their national heroes . 
   but i dont u derstand how you can say you do n't need ukraine as an ally when you have russia at your doorstep . 
  because we have nato ( read : usa ) for that - and if that fails , having weak ukraine as an ally wo n't change the situation one bit anyway as all is lost . 
  anyway , i would very much like to have friendly , allied relations with ukraine - but both sides need to be willing for that , and so far ukrainians are spitting in our faces on every possible occasion . 
   you guys are so blindsided by ypur conflicts and the only one to gain will be russia . 
  again , the only side losing anything here is ukraine , and it 's their behaviour i 'm completely perplexed about . 
   impossible to properly argue with someone blinded by nationalism and hatred . 
  sounds like description of upa-gloryfying ukrainians to me . 
   we are not a hostile country to poland , you are a country that considers a criminal organization that commited genocide against poles as your primary national heroes . 
  it 's rather hard to consider such country * not * hostile to poland . 
   but i guess making up your mind about an entire country from reddit comments can do that . 
  i am making my mind about an entire country from actions of its politicians and citizens - and they really damaged my opinion about ukraine during the last two years . 
   a heavily nationalistic country , with a population who almost unilaterally supports putin and his invasion of a sovereign nation in severe economic distress will make them less of a threat to poland ? 
  russia would be a heavily nationalistic country with a population unilaterally supporting putin and a threat of poland either way - and on top of that they now waste a significant portion of their potential on a conflict they gain nothing from . 
   in a bad situation and in dire need of help  hey , let 's double down on gravely insulting the one country that wants to aid us , that will show them !, 
   no , poland is the voice supporting us in the eu and helping to stop sanctions being lifted by countries like france and italy . 
  we are taking action against russia because opposing russia lies within our * raison d'\u00e9tat * , not because we consider ukraine our ally .
