  this retarded lithuania looks hilarious . 
  looks like a cheap version of kfc logo . 
   australia us a fucking island , uk is a fucking island as well , they 'll manage just fine . 
  not really in * eastern * poland , but we already had a bunch of those [ colorful-lights-gaming-events ] ( http://crosshairgenerator.com/images/esl-one-katowice-2015.jpg ) as well . 
  they invested in blue - and purple-coloured lights as well !, 
  guess we need to finally change the eu asylum rules so turkey is considered a safe third country as well . 
  wow , it was close in poland . 
  three parties got ~ 30 % each . 
  on the other hand , with only a bit over 800 votes it was a rather small sample size . 
   what downfall ? 
  what happened `` the last time your country had this '' ? 
  downfall of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth in large part influenced by overuse of the veto institution resulting in a legislative paralysis lasting for almost a century . 
  remember when ireland rejected the lisbon treaty in a referendum a few years ago ? 
  the referendum was repeated until the desired result was reached . 
  yes , as a part of your salary ( from employer 's perspective ) . 
  well , healthcare is one of the issues that * do not * really work well in poland . 
  basically you are mandated to buy insurance in state-owned nfz fund , which provides a rather crappy services with long wait times . 
  if you are * sick * of them you got ta buy another insurance in a private company on top of that to recieve some decent healthcare . 
  so i would n't necessarily see much merit in preserving such system . 
  the current us system seems like an even worse version of this system though , and i do n't think anyone would propose implementing anything similar to that . 
  republicans would be a regular right-wing party in poland , perhaps a bit radical on some economy bits , but nothing out of ordinary . 
  some of their leaders would definitely be considered nutjobs though . 
  democrats would be to the left of every single party currently having a representation in polish parliament . 
  i do n't see bernie sanders considered `` center '' either around here , with him calling himself a `` socialist '' , and all . 
  it 's written both in polish and slovak for clarity . 
   how is poland part of the big 6 ? 
  seems that someone 's mad that poland 's pretty much assured to overtake his country in international relevance : dd, 
  to settle on whether those special conidtions occured , or not . 
  they did not , according to krak\u00f3w court . 
   polish court should have extradited him though . 
  he is a polish citizen as well , and just like france we do n't extradite polish citizens on principle , unless it 's intra-eu or some other very specific conditions occured . 
  that 's because after the war there existed a strong jewish faction in the polish commie party , and the other factions fuelled antisemitism in order to help their internal power struggle . 
   country stationed over 8000 km away is going to care so much more a country that , even if it do n't really care about us , happens to see russia as an enemy ( or at least rival ) , as well as happens to have the most powerful military on earth by huge marign . 
   than countries that are in our nearest neighbourhood countries that are in our nearest neighbourhood do n't give a shit about our wellbeing either , but on top of that they lack military capabilities to be of any serious help , and in fact would gladly sell us to russia if it meant they got 5 $ discount on gas . 
  good . 
  i do n't see why we would even consider providing more privileges to their minorities in our country than our minorities have in their country . 
   but still sees a unified europe as necessary to battle exterior ( russian ) danger . 
  you might have confused `` unified europe '' with nato and the us army . 
   but votes in an eurosceptic simply said , pis is way more of a `` not-euroenthusiastic '' party , rather than an eurosceptic one . 
   it did n't significantly change after joining the eu ? 
  [ no , our * growth rates * did n't change significantly after joining the eu , ] ( http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/ffc87d62-e9ec-11e3-bbc1-00144feabdc0.img ) you do n't need to be an expert on chart reading to notice that if you maintain steady levels of growth for a prolonged period of time , the overall gdp chart ( which is what you provided ) obviously starts to look hyperbolical . 
   which is also why it 's so disappointing that poland went onto elect an anti-eu party when you consider that it has done very well for it ... 
  likewise , i find it very disappointing ( as well as condescending and suggesting a very superficial undestanding of the topic ) to find that a prevalent opinion in some countries is that poland was a wasteland and impact crater before * 2004 * , and only after then the glorious eu shoveled it in growth , infrastructure and perhaps taught those savages how to use bonfire and read and write as well , who knows ? 
   and since poland has been in the eu , poland 's gdp has tripled . 
  our growth rates did not significantly change after joining the eu , they were similar throughout the 90s . 
  the real game changer was getting rid of commies in 1989 , not joining the eu ( which was quite nice as well nevertheless ) . 
  those two things are actually closely connected , our economic growth would n't last if we * did n't * veto it and had to close down our power plants as a consequence . 
  i agree , one time would be enough for a first sentence . 
   i 'm so ashamed of my country . 
  dat feel when the only ` yes ' votes were from mps elected from korwin 's committee . 
   by ppp . 
   do you know how they calculate it ? 
  they take a pannel with specific good and services and look how many money you need to buy it . 
  i know very well how they calculate it , and that 's precisely why i am calling you on your mistake , because you apparently fail to grasp that value of money * changes over time * due to inflation . 
   the value of the money , the inflation are not important . 
  it 's actually the most important thing here , as we are doing a comparison . 
  you could buy way more with $ 500 million in 1973 , than you can with $ 500 million right now . 
  if you had a purchasing power parity of 1 in 1970 , and purchasing parity of 2 in 2010 , while in the meantime the value of the currency unit in which this statistics is done decreased four times due to inflation , you actually got two times poorer in that period despite apparent increase . 
   but feel free to find another indicator that can help us to compare the countries . 
  you can do so very easily . 
  for example , you could compare 1973 data and 2015 data using one monetary unit , say , `` dollar of 2000 '' . 
  it 's very stupid to think that gdp ppp in 2015 dollars can be directly compared with gdp ppp in 1973 dollars as well . 
   it does n't use the dollar . 
  it represent the amount of money you need to buy specific good and services . 
  it uses a monetary unit corresponding to such amount of money . 
  it does n't * have to * be equal to a dollar from a given year , but most often it is . 
  unless otherwise specified , this unit is * different * between data from different years , and * can not * be compared directly . 
   of course the pannel between 1973 and 2015 is not exactly the same but it still give an indication . 
  it is completely worthless without including the inflation rate . 
   do you really think that the average jean in the 70 's had a better purchasing power than the average alksander in 2015 ? 
  of course . 
  average technology level aside ( for example , things like internet or mobile communication obviously were n't really prevalent in the 70s ) , life in 70s western europe ( as in the cost of basic consumer goods , cars , housing , etc. 
  when compared to average salary ) was * way * better than it is in modern poland * right now * , not to even mention 70s poland . 
   the gdp ppp was created specifically so we could compare different economy that had different currency . . 
  yes , within * one year * . 
  the 2015 gdp ppp data uses * 2015 dollar * as its unit , and the 1973 gdp ppp data uses * 1973 dollar * as its unit . 
  both units are fundamentally different and data using them can not be directly compared without further adjustment . 
   parity power purchase , so it is adjusted you do n't even understand what ppp means . 
  you ca n't directly compare raw ppp data from * different * years , because the value of the currency unit is * different * between them . 
   your work condition are also probably way better than the average jean in the 70 's in france . 
  our pucharsing power on the other hand is not even close , due to aforementioned inflation . 
  as it appears , neither can russia . 
  good luck spending your funds on lunar joyrides instead of actual space research though , the more russia waste the better in my book . 
  nice , now provide inflation-adjusted numbers . 
  i 'm not sure whether you are aware of that , but one dollar from the 70s would be worth $ 3 or even $ 4 nowadays . 
   it 's more important to save your economy than to save our planet . 
  even if entire poland had completely disappeared overnight , it would change next to nothing on `` saving the planet '' issue while there are countries like united states or china producing many orders of magnitude more pollution . 
  completely crippling our economy in the name of not improvng anything at all does n't sound like the best idea . 
   you seem butt hurt with russia . 
   i look forward to any kind of space mission . 
  oh , so do i , but i also realize that we could have 10 unmanned space missions with much greater scientific output in a cost of one `` le man on le moon '' dick waving . 
   they will do it because they can . 
  good , i actually look forward to russia planning to use up way more effort , energy and resources than needed , this way they 'll have less to spend on threatening and invading their neighbours . 
  there 's nothing a manned mission can do in moon , that an unmanned mission could n't do with ten times lower costs . 
  the only reason to send humans to moon is to prove that it 's indeed possible - and we already have that box checked out . 
  america already did so in 1969 - you are only 60 years late , russia . 
  yeah , but germany gets special privileges as our liege lord . 
  just shut up poland , and close your powerplants so we can sell you some expensive energy . 
  and i hope we 'll keep doing that until our nuclear powerplants will be finally completed , i do n't fancy paying even more for energy . 
  it 's good that now at least they have some encouragement to build them as fast as possible .
