  * they * do n't want to come here , and * we * do n't want them to come either . 
  even if we bravely agreed to take in refugees from africa/me , we would have to forcefully transport them to our country , and make them stay them here by force . 
  i baffled whether you really do n't see how toxic that potential situation would be . 
   after having lived abroad in hungary for 2 years and seen and experience what lower salaries are and lower opportunities mean . 
  one would have thought that such experience would make you realize that people around here have more pressing matters than helping the richest countries in the world play their philanthropist game with the money we do n't have . 
  apparently not at all . 
   effectively worsening their own problems in order to help their neighbors out by closing off calais to people whose final destination s they are not even * going through * poland . 
  we are not one of the countries on their way . 
  we would have to specifically `` import '' them here and then put great efforts in order to keep them here . 
  all while there are lots of pensioners living for $ 300 a month . 
  i do n't think i have to say that taking such action would be equivalent to commiting a political suicide  i 'm pretty sure russia is not interested in belgium either . 
  i 'll remember then to no longer agree with polish or baltic politicians who want more european or nato help against the russian if it will make you feel better , we are not really counting on any serious help from * belgium * when thinking about our defense either . 
   and we 're not taking them all in : they come here without asking permission or being asked by us . 
  and they do n't come * here * - `` they '' as in africans and middle easterners , we have a lot of ukrainians coming here in recent years and had a lot of chechen refugees back in the 90s - perhaps they really like belgium so much more than poland ( or any or the dozen of safe countries they had to pass on their way to belgium ) . 
  anyhow , an assumption that they would not just return to your country right after you sent them here is rather naive , do n't you think ? 
  if their target was poland , they would already be here . 
  either way , it 's not like we are particularly worried about such perception of our country in their eyes , and we are not going to put any efforts to change it . 
   why did n't you guys stop letting russian tanks in ? 
  we tried our best , sometimes succeding , sometimes not . 
  we did n't surrender without fight . 
   because you do n't want to take in your part of asylum seekers , we should just let our capital 's numbers go to 40 % cause fuck us , right ? 
  perhaps consider to stop taking so much asylum seekers then , instead of trying to drag others into this madness together with you . 
   their profits are taxed abroad and are reinvested abroad . 
  certainly not all of them . 
   well , my capital is already 25 % + muslim well , there you have your answer . 
  we do n't want our capitals to become 25 % + muslim as well , it 's more than enough that yours already ended up this way . 
   also do n't see why we should offer any help to those countries with things that do n't concern us here the money you are ( still ) sending here is an investement in infrastructure , which is then being used by your companies which are allowed to do business freely in our countries and profit immensely from that . 
  the eu funds are going to completely end in a few years anyway , so i 'm quite sure you would make the deal . 
  well , nobody is expecting you to , we have better allies . 
  the only thing we want from germany is not being a hindrance . 
   if during the communist era , germany would sentence to prison the poles fleeing persecution in their country , would you agree with that decision ? 
   the eritreans who flee their country are in a similar situation what persecution are they facing in * serbia * ? 
  i know serbia is not the best country in the world , but it 's hardly a hellhole you are trying to make it in your post . 
  it is in my country . 
  thiefs also only `` seek a better life '' . 
  that 's not an argument . 
  that fence is there for a reason , and illegally violating it is a crime . 
  i fully approve prison term for that ( though deportation would be even better ) . 
   95-2001 it was peaceful yeah , the country was mostly unified under the rule of proto-isis , it was peaceful . 
  so , if i understood you correctly , you are argumenting now that violence and war is somehow an inherent attribute of afghanistan , and it was like this for hundreds of years . 
  the more i am surprised by your earlier efforts in blaming nato intervention for it then . 
  afghanistan pre-soviet intervention : regular central asian country , occasional coup once in a while , there are some underlying tensions , but no large-scale civil war and the country is slowly but steadily developing . 
  afghanistan post-soviet intervention : soviet-backed coup brings soviet army to back them , many unite to fight it , soviets pull back after 10 years and inflicting enormous damage , already unified and radicalized thanks to the soviet invasion factions keep fighting between themselves to this day with permanent devastation of the country as a result . 
  this is how i see it from my outside , layman perspective . 
  though i am obviously not an expert on afghanistan by any means . 
   you have not studied afghanistan and the ethnic wars that have been going on since the mughals ( 500 years before soviet union ) soviet union has catalysted the underlying ethnic conflict to the previously unseen extent , and it 's been ongoing ever since . 
  afghanistan was n't the best country in the world before 1978 , sure , but this is a clear point where * it really went to shit * . 
   and accepts refugees from afghanistan well , they are the very definition of refugees after all . 
  though they also have to pass many safe countries on their way to eu . 
  perhaps because they would most likely never gain the influence and prominence they have now without the soviet invasion ? 
  had nato not intervened in afghanistan , people would be still fleeing that country , most likely in even bigger numbers - from the taliban state which would pretty much be an equivalent of isis in afghanistan . 
  however you look at it , the root of afghan problems lies in soviet invasion 35 years ago , and all the other factors only built up on top of it . 
   then why not talk about the british invasion ? 
  because for many years between british and soviet invasions afghanistan was a relatively peaceful and stable country . 
  it is not anymore ever since 1979 . 
   afghanistan was fucked up under colonization that created the vast divides , afghanistan is one of the few non-european countries on earth that never were colonies . 
   stop acting like russia is the only imperial power that fucked up 3rd world countries perhaps it is you who should stop acting like russia was n't among them . 
  and kept doing it long after it stopped to be cool . 
   the vast majority are poor because of european colonization . 
  and the vast majority of this vast majority would be just as poor even without it . 
  this one actually * was * your fault . 
  unless germany has long term plans to move to another planet where it 's not easily reachable from our territory , i do n't see how it possibly would n't work long-term . 
  because everything that happened in afghanistan since the soviet invasion would most likely never happen without it . 
  after all , permanently fucking other countries up is the one thing russians are the most talented in . 
  the ideology of islamic terrorism . 
  and the overzealous attempts of us to destroy it * mostly * backfired and on many accounts even resulted in further strenghtening it instead , sure . 
  that does n't make the us any less worthy ( or rather - indispensable ) as * our * allies though . 
  we still need them , even if they kinda fucked up somewhere else . 
  compared to how russian/chinese-intervention north korea ended up i 'd take all the * atrocities * of south korea anytime . 
  it definitely was a good thing * considering the alternative * . 
  entirety of western europe , japan , south korea - all well-off and stable countries thanks to american interventions . 
  how convenient of you to forget these ones . 
   could you please post these news reports i had some useful phrases you can use in google come to mind : `` russian military kaliningrad oblast '' , `` russian military exercises poland '' , `` russian nuclear missiles poland '' , or some variations of them . 
  you would probably have to write those keywords in polish to reach the exact articles i have read throughout the years . 
  unfortunately i do n't tend to keep a complete archive of every webpage i have read so far . 
   the article on history and geopolitics * the * article ? 
  well , after all you surely sound like a guy who have read only one article on this matter so far . 
  i thought i was rather clear i meant `` the historical and geopolitical knowledge i have accumulated thoughout my lifetime so far '' . 
  and frankly , i would find composing a list of all the books i have read on this subject a rather time consuming , and at the same time obnoxious and pointless endeavour . 
  by following news reports , having a basic knowledge of history and geopolitics and using common sense . 
   all i asked for was a source , you provided nothing . 
  the only source i can imagine for that would be a classified military information . 
  what exactly are you expecting me to post ? 
  and you are entirely free to say such bullshit , but it wo n't make the immediate russian danger to our country any lesser . 
  annual russian military exercises with an odd regularity including planned invasion of poland could serve as a hint to the purpose of russian military stationed in vicinity of polish capital . 
   and russia has the same thing due to bases setup initially be america with the italian/turkish missile crisis and the everlasting pressence of american bases on europe . 
  oh , they can not be hostile to their neighbours so easily anymore , the horrors !, 
  russia got what it deserved after hundreds of years spent by them as a permanent danger to anyone with misfortune of bordering them . 
  it 's only natural that those countries will eventually get tired of their shit . 
   source on the invasion ready divisions . 
  russian military stationed in kaliningrad oblast . 
  yes . 
  from our , completely selfish , polish perspective the only immediate danger is russian invasion and subsequent hostile occupation of our country ( just like it happenned on multiple occassions to mention only 1667 , 1792 , 1794 , 1831 , 1920 , 1939 , or most recently , until 1989 ) and compared to it all the things you have mentioned are perhaps worthy of a 7th page newspaper column . 
  there are nuclear missiles targetting our cities and invasion-ready divisions stationed 300km from our border * right now * , and us army being an allied force is our only hope to be of any help against that threat . 
  and the answer to that question is * poland * . 
  together with our us , british and australian allies . 
  that question is simply completely irrelevant to our own security concerns , which are the topic of this particular discussion . 
  oh , in fact we were actively helping usa in that particular invasion and even had our own military bases there . 
  which would make it even more irrelevant to this topic , which is the security of * my * country ( and its northeastern neighbours ) . 
   how about you answer mine .
