  it was supposed to be a `` tusk welcome ! '', 
  party organized by opposition back in spring , but due to extensive usage of red banners it ended up looking more like a mix between `` the politburo supports comrade donald '' celebration and `` show tusk the red card '' happening . 
   and on white subreddit background it looks like your flair is full red mate . 
  your monitor appears to need recalibration , as the subreddit background is grey , not white . 
  and anyhow , the size of flairs on this subreddit is standarized , 13px wide , so it is clear that only the bottom half is red . 
  [ as for usage of red banners in politics backfiring , i 'll just leave this here . 
  on one end you have two parties that are pretty much the same ( nowoczesna and po ) , with the main difference between them appearing to be that one of them is even more incompetent than the other . 
  it 's not hard to guess how the electorate will flow . 
  great majority of nowoczesna electorate in the first place were just former po voters . 
  after nowoczesna repeatedly proven itself to somehow manage to be an even less appealing political option than po , their ( brief ) supporters just returned to supporting po , or stopped supporting anyone altogether . 
   nowoczesna is a laughing stock , then i 'm not sure how to qualify all the other parties in your parliament . 
  do you even follow the day-to day politics in poland , or just read descriptions of various parties in wikipedia ? 
  because nobody doing the former would say anything like that . 
   so it is n't really surprising that they have n't managed to hold on to their short term burst in popularity . 
  considering their political actions result in failure after failure , their utter lack of competence is unveiled every time they attempt to do anything , and pretty much every time one of their politicians opens their mouths it results in a gaffe after gaffe , the only thing that is surprising is that they [ held statistically relevant support for so long . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/polish_opinion_polling_for_the_2019_election.png ), 
  nowoczesna is a laughing stock . 
  they 've been pretty much finished as a serious political contender a few months ago . 
  maybe the next time they should make the political banners that do n't eerily resemble commie flags then , if they do n't want them to get mistaken for them . 
   you want any change , vote for new left , like razem . 
  even if you do n't think social democracy is the way to go at least you will get some actual debate about economical models . 
  why would anyone even consider voting for the change in the * exact opposite * direction from the one he wishes for ? 
  seems rather counter-productive . 
   was going to write you a proper response , but you are dogmatic pff , as if you are n't * dogmatic * . 
  commies living in western countries that never suffered under the evil ideology of communism are always so entertaining . 
   ca n't even attempt to humor me or see things from another perspective . 
  in the next episode : nazis trying to convince jews to `` see things from another perspective '' . 
   even in your national anthem you sing poland may not have fallen yet our anthem was written in 1797 , two years after poland was defeated by prussia , austria and russia , by polish soldiers who went to france to keep fighting for the restoration of poland . 
  those words represent hope that their fight is not pointless - and it indeed was n't , as just 10 years later poland was rebuild as the duchy of warsaw . 
  even if its existence was brief and ended with napoleons ' defeat , it assured the next few generation of poles living under three foreign empires that poland is not yet lost , and when the circumstances are right , it will be reborn . 
  edit as a response to your edit :  fascist as a supporter of free markets and advocate of minimal state , so someone on pretty much the opposite end of the political spectrum from fascism , i feel comforted that at least you did n't call me a socialist . 
  that was n't `` original german territory '' by any means . 
   warschau til of the ancient german city of `` warschau '' . 
  mexiko-stadt , peking and rom are probably among other `` german '' cities that were only given to other countries out of goodwill . 
   material recompensation incurred by germany has been estimated as approximately $ 525 billion or $ 640 billion in 2004 exchange values . 
  that sentence means that that they * would * owe us $ 525 billion if we counted all the damage they caused to poland during the ww2 , not that it 's the amount that they paid us . 
  later in that article it is stated that the actual amount paid by germany was around 1/500th of that . 
  the second one , and one could have sworn it is getting longer and longer . 
   those differences were manufactured , primarily by the catholic church & hre working in conjunction to build a permanent divide i 'm quite sure the illuminati , reptillians and lord voldemort himself were also involved in this process . 
   largest slavic tribes , so they could never consolidate into a slavic confederation . 
  now you just sound like those those conspiracy theory guys we have in poland , who [ claim that in late antiquity and early medieval period there existed a great polish ( lechitic ) empire which spanned half of europe ] ( https://tajnearchiwumwatykanskie.files.wordpress.com/2016/04/slavic-kingdom-lechina-empire3.jpg ) , but was erased from history by late medieval chronichlers . 
   at which point do those differences warrant cause for separation ? 
  at the point in which they persistently existed in that area for most of written history . 
   if the promises of capitalist ideology had any basis in reality , there are at least 50 well-off countries in the world proving that it indeed does . 
   poland adopted capitalism and did n't have the usa/eu happily pumping funds ( to make russia look bad by comparison ) , poland would be very poor - think ukraine . 
  you know this is true . 
  ukraine is actually a great counterexample to your own arguments , as unlike poland they * did * not adopt capitalism immediately after regaining independence , did not introduce radical free market reforms , and did not privatize most of inefficient state-owned enterprises , but instead tried to remain a weird socialist-capitalist hybrid well into mid 1990s . 
   you know this is true . 
  it is n't . 
   if anything , the initial industrialization of the 1930s was by all accounts ( even modern accounts ) as rapid as it was planned . 
  yeah , the only cost were millions of cold , dead bodies , but we have already established that communists do n't value human life or dignity in the slightest . 
  all according to the plan . 
   revolution was supposed to be worldwide , thank god the brave polish soldiers put this sick plan to the rest at the gates of warsaw in summer of 1920 . 
   s to stop this from happening . 
  even when the people 's republic of poland was established , the eastern bloc first had to rebuild ( as all were devastated ) what was there previously and inefficiency of the communist economic system certainly did not make that task easier . 
   ted . 
  all the while the capitalist bloc ( mainly the us ) could just build on what it already had yeah , we all know that west germany somehow got away completly unscratched from the ww2 ... oh , wait . 
   and even then - the eastern bloc only had half of germany on its side . 
  ... and somehow managed to turn their half of mighty , rich , powerful germany into * utter shithole * . 
  communists truly posses a reverse midas touch . 
   okay , let me spell this out for you . 
  communism did n't end , because it never began . 
  you could say the end of socialism , but ` end of communism ' is uneducated . 
  end of communism as in `` the end of any significant portion of the population treating the very idea of communism as something different than a cruel and unfunny joke from the past '' . 
   proving human beings can survive in space by actually sending one up ? 
  at that point , it was already proven dozens of times by americans and soviets since almost 20 years . 
   you ca n't really use gdp per capita for a comparison of capitalist vs socialist economies . 
  but i just did . 
  you ca n't demand to play the game only where it suits you . 
  if anything , your chart shows in 1950 the socialist government was already in power for 3 years and you will see that the wealth kept up all the way until the late 1970s and then it crumbled under its own weight . 
  and it was n't particularly good before that either . 
   you 're also forgetting all those other nations were part of the oecd ( run by the us , which controls the majority of ocean trade through its naval power ) , which essentially was an endless piggy bank and promoted such programs as the marshall plan ( ie bribe european loyalty with higher quality/more material goods than the eastern bloc could produce ) we also could ( and wanted ) to be a part of those programs , and profit from participation in them . 
  alas , our soviet masters and occupants prevented us from doing so . 
   you mean 25 years of us/eu nations constantly pumping funding in to make russia ( and poland 's socialist past ) look bad ? 
  it was terrible enough in itself there 's no need to * make * it * look * bad , but ... thanks for that anyway i guess ? 
   why else is n't that money being pumped into latin america/africa , where people are poorest & suffer most ? 
  i 'm actually quite sure * lots * of money is being pumped there . 
   's a right , then why do n't most people have any private property that they regularly trade for profit ? 
  it 's a right to retain ownership of thing that belong to you and not have them stolen by someone else . 
   you confusing private property with personal property ? 
  the idea of personal property is contained within the idea of private property . 
  you think you 're better/deserve more , because you 're european ? 
  considering that europe was the most developed continent in the world for the last few centuries ( only recently it was overtaken by parts of north america ) , i think i can at least * expect * more . 
   why was shitty about it ? 
  why ? 
  because soviets came here , forced their quislings in power , and for 44 years tried to impose on us their crappy and inefficient system nobody wanted . 
   you act as if the western capitalist states did n't invade the soviet union during the october revolution ( in a bid to preserve capitalism ) , you act as if bolsheviks did not try to invade the rest of the world in 1919-1922 period , in a bid to spread communism ( fortunately for the rest of the world , mostly failing ) . 
   including poland - with real genocidal intent . 
  yeah , the 130,000 poles murdered during the 1937-38 genocide of poles , 1,000,000 of poles deported to siberia and central asia ( with severe death toll ) as a result of 1939 soviet invasion and occupation of poland , and 22,000 polish officers ( members of an army belonging to the allied powers ) officers executed by soviet union in 1940 certainly took solace in the fact that their soviet opressors mass-murdered them with an `` imaginary '' genocidal intent . 
   if there was a lack of opportunities , then why were there ` same ' outcomes at all ? 
  you 're still disingenuous . 
  the point was that the economy was not as developed , hence why the 1918 world revolution needed to unite germany and russia - and why poland was the bad guy in that situation . 
  i do n't see how a failure of your evil ideology to devour an even bigger part of the world than it did would be a * bad * thing . 
  and wth the countries destroyed in ww2 , there were obviously much less opportunities than if all three united ( and the other half of germany ) in 1919 . 
  what a disastrous vision !, 
  the agony of communism would most likely take a few years longer in such case , and prolonging the communist experiment even for a day longer than it lasted would be already an inmeasurable tragedy . 
   oh , you were expecting luxurious picturesque italian-style villas all along the countryside and nyc-style skyscrapers in the cities ? 
  no , i was expecting our cities continuing to be built in the same way they were built before the ww2 . 
  alas , the shitty soviet planning decided to permanently fuck our cities up . 
   how they event built those housing blocks is a miracle in of itself .
