  you asked for * threats to european * civilization . 
  mass immigration is only one of them . 
   do you find chinatown in new york shocking ? 
  new york lies in united states , a country built by immigrants for immigrants so why would it be weird ? 
  not everyone have to be like that , unlike americans who had to build their identity from nothing and did so by integrating cultures of immigrants , we already have our own cultures . 
   and why would the entire europe end like that ? 
  the share of immigrant population was steadily growing the last time i checked . 
   what ? 
  immigration did wonders for britain . 
  it was * getting conquered * rather than immigration . 
  and it 's certainly great for britain that in its particular case it transformed from a forsaken cold island into one of the most poweful empires in world 's history under their new rulers , but that 's an exception rather than a general rule . 
   again , what does this have to do with immigration ? 
  it is a reply to your claim that `` we also made crusades against them '' . 
   only negative ? 
  are n't strong cultures usually enriched when they come into contact with others ? 
  `` enriched '' ? 
  what a buzzword . 
  they are certainly * changing * , and whether such change is positive ( as in `` enriching '' ) or negative is up to debate . 
  personally , i see much more negative than positive changes caused by the current mass migration into europe . 
   of course we are n't . 
  european culture is very very strong . 
  lol . 
  european culture * used to * be very strong , but for the last 50 or so years it gradually ceased to be the case , and most likely this sad process will only continue . 
   some examples you saw where our european civilization is under thread . 
  we grew weak and are doomed into complete political , scientific and cultural irrelevance . 
  our economy is in terminal decline and only somehow keeps going for now thanks to vast base we have accumulated during the several last centuries and which is getting eaten by overblown welfare states . 
  i 've been to districts in * european * cities which looked like they could easily be mistaken for somewhere in the middle east minus european-style old buildings . 
  it was a really sad and shocking experience to me and i do n't want entire europe to end up like that . 
   of course there was . 
  every time there 's a large immigration wave , there 's people who think like this . 
  every time . 
  exactly . 
  and the last such big * immigration wave * was in 300s and 400s . 
  and ended with collapse of the country that experienced such mass immigration and several centuries of stagnation . 
   just like we crusaded against their lands . 
  yes , we totally crusaded against mongols . 
  and crusades sterted at the end of 11th century , arabs were already attacking europe three or four centuries earlier . 
   or we might never get there because eventually this whole `` trend '' might flatline . 
  and i sincerely hope you are right on this matter . 
   there 's cultures and identities which survived hundreds of years of occupation and are still going strong . 
  and there are many cultures that did not survive it , or were severely influenced by it in a negative way . 
   there 's also cultures which have evolved over the years and others which eventually remain only in history books . 
  it 's a natural process . 
  yes , we are comitting such suicide right now , precisely my point . 
   could you give me some examples ? 
  examples of which part exactly ? 
  the latter part of this very paragraph shortly sums up my opinion after having visited many other european countries . 
  do you want a twelve page essay on that topic ? 
   also if people thought like this before europe became what it is , this pot would never had become what it is well , there was no need to think like this earlier , as the current level of foreign influence and migration was n't seen in almost two millenia . 
  after that period - which corelated with several hundred years of decline in european civilization - we * did * fought mongols , turks or arabs when they tried to invade our continent last time , that 's sure . 
   why would it be an identityless multicultural blob ? 
  yes , that would be the endgame of the current trend of population replacement , we are not there yet and luckily wo n't be for at least 50 or 100 years . 
  possibly more . 
   we 're already a multicultural blob . 
  yes , but indigenous local cultures and identities are fortunately still existing and were n't completely destroyed yet . 
  the process is still ongoing . 
   well how long do you think this will go on ? 
  sadly , i do n't see it stopping in forseeable future . 
  declining as our continent may be , we are still ahead enough it may easily continue for centuries . 
   i 've been travelling around europe for years , i 've never ever had the slightest notion of european civilization being under threat . 
  i 've also been travelling around europe , and my opinion is quite the opposite . 
  our european civilization is slowly dying , our international influence diminishing and our native population is slowly but steadily being replaced by middle eastern and african immigrants . 
   europe was always a mixing pot of cultures . 
  and adding additional products to this perfectly fine pot is unneccessary . 
   it 's what makes it that more interesting . 
  quite the contrary , the fact that many similar yet different nations exist makes it interesting . 
  potentially changing such situation into an identityless multicultural blob ? 
  considdrably less so . 
   basically you think that european civilization is going to be replaced by african and middle eastern civilization/culture ? 
  in a long run it certainly will , if current pace will continue . 
  i am not a brigader , i am still offended . 
  ama . 
  if he somehow killed 1/3 of their numbering in hundreds of thousands population , and was explicitly ordered to commit such murder by the state ? 
  i do n't see how it * would n't be * . 
  it seems that overall russian exports must * really * suck then , if * higher * percentage ammounts to a * lower * absolute number than in poland . 
  and we are n't really an exporting powerhouse either . 
  you must be visiting some parallel polish internet then . 
  \\  implying polish internet on average is not more conservative than polish traditional media, 
  president of poland turns out to be a catholic !, 
  truly shocking news indeed . 
  if anything , the laughable efforts of kremlinbots only * strenghten * the `` circlejerk '' in here as they are usually obvious enough to spot . 
  and if the only ones to support you seem to be obviously paid shills , your opinion will only get damaged further . 
   especially since little sweden almost wiped poland out of the map . 
  yeah , the same `` little sweden '' that also somehow managed to [ pillage half of europe a few years earlier . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war ), 
   alliance that would have included russia would have layed the foundations for long term stability and safety . 
  an alliance which would have included russia would be completely worthless for us , as we would n't be protected from a potential inter-alliance attack then ( see : greek-turkish conflict ) . 
  russia being a regional power is precisely the thing we want to avoid , not perpetuate further . 
   and if you continue calling people cunts but still expect them to take responsibility personally , i expect belgium to not even lift a finger would anything bad happen to us . 
  same with most of western europe . 
   we should have waited until the western values penetrated the former iron curtain more . 
  american values are also western values . 
   the rest of nato has been flying air patrol missions over eastern europe for 11 years i 'm glad that poland is now considered `` the rest of nato '' , rather than `` eastern europe '' . 
   was a mistake to admit poland and the baltics but not russia . 
  when i read comments from cunts like you i also wish we have completely ignored this nato bullshit and instead pushed for a direct alliance with us like the one japan or south korea has . 
   just america then . 
  well , that 's how nato is already seen around here anyway . 
  most likely because criminal gangs made up of `` romanian citizens '' ( which was pretty much a codeword for `` gypsies '' ) commiting scams in poland are not as frequently present in media as they were in the 90s . 
   romania is not , afaik singled out as being a ` shit ' country by the rest of europe . 
  well , romania used to be considered * the * stereotypical shit country in poland until very recently ( and all romanians were pretty much thought to be gypsies in common conscience ) .
