  which means that 33 % of poles did * not * support the protests , while only 9 % wish the law was stricter - and it 's as probable some of them will change their mind , as your implication that some people out of the group that supported the protest * and * the current legislation will . 
   i very much doubt that . 
  the polish youth in general is significantly more conservative than the 35-45 year old generation , so it 's only consistent with the general trend . 
   i 'd like to see some polls for that . 
  http://natemat.pl/36311,spada-poparcie-dla-aborcji-az-80-proc-polakow-za-ochrona-zycia-od-poczecia-do-naturalnej-smierci http://wiadomosci.wp.pl/kat,1027191,title,wymowne-wyniki-sondazu-dotyczacego-zaostrzenia-aborcji-w-polsce,wid,18363459,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=117dbc  either way usually when something like this happens people can see that political action can achieve something , they usually do n't stop there . 
  their political action in defense of current legislation ended with the current legislation being kept . 
  the goal was already reached . 
  and frankly , the current legislation would be kept either way even without any protests . 
  a serious attempt at liberalization of this law would meet with similar ammount of resistance attempt at making it more strict did . 
   just saying i would n't be too surprised to see a large increase the coming months of making it complete legal . 
  and i would be as surprised by that , as by seeing a huge increase of supporters of total ban in the coming months . 
   i bet it 's different amongst women though . 
  you 'd bet wrong , as while among women numbers are a bit lower , majority still supports the current legislation . 
  as for chances of those numbers `` changing in the future '' - well , the support for liberalization is actually * lower * among the young people , than among the middle aged ones . 
   over 1/3 of poles support the liberalization of the current law . 
  and around 1/5 of poles support making the law more strict . 
  the biggest group supports the current law . 
   i 'd say that 's a fair amount of support and it might increase in the future . 
  it 's equally as probable that it might decrease . 
  according to polls , the popular support for keeping the 1993 legislation been steadily * increasing * for the last 20 years . 
  the recent protests * in defense of the status quo * certainly did n't change that trend , quite the contrary . 
  yes , but the white russian government did n't - thus it did not recieve much help from those countries . 
  for example , poland refused to cooperate with white forces during our war with bolsheviks , and did not aide denikin 's ( and later wrangel 's ) forces even though it was capable to , because they did n't fully recognize our independence . 
  there is no popular support in poland for moving the current legislation either way . 
   if there were no protests the bill would have passed as proposed . 
  nah , the outcome would be a very close ( as in 200 for , 200 against ) vote but with the proposition ultimately failing to pass . 
  the vote would also happen later than it did . 
   protests were smaller there might have been a laxer version , but still . 
  a laxer version is still quite likely - though not immediately , but in several months or a year . 
  there were 58 votes supporting the bill , and while this number is somewhat lower than i expected , the voting outcome ( not passing ) is exactly as i predicted yesterday , a week ago , and the moment i heard about this project . 
  the bill would ultimately be voted against either way , the only thing that changed is that it will happen right now , rather than in a few weeks or months when a need for some convenient red herring would arise . 
   i bet my left hand that tomorrows vote will show that pis mps `` conscience '' experienced 180 degree turn within a week and almost all of them will vote to kill the bill quite a risky bet , as i think a lot of pis and k '15 mps will vote for the bill , but not enough of them for it to pass . 
  so the exact same outcome there was going to be with or without any demonstrations . 
   after endlessly praising it and aggressively attacking its opponents all the way till monday . 
  there were many prominent members of the government , such as morawiecki or gowin , who never supported this bill in the first place . 
  from what i recall , this particular pro-abortion bill was very badly written , while the anti-abortion bill met all the proper legislative writing standards , which was a major issue while voting on whether to proceed further with it . 
  and anyway , even out of citizens ' legislative projects that made it through the first vote , less than 10 % ultimately becomes accepted after further voting , so whether or not it made it through it is not any indication that it will actually pass . 
  the usual outcome is not 100 % sure due to the fact that this time there are some kukiz '15 mps that will likely support this bill ( but then again , in previous instances there were some po mps voting for it ) , but such bills are generally supposed to fail after a very close vote , with enough pis mps ultimately taking advantage of lack of party discipline by abstaining or voting against the bill for it not to pass . 
  quite the contrary , pis announces lack of party discipline every time an abortion-related bill is being voted on , as for obvious reasons they do n't want to explicitly state that they * oppose * it either , but somehow there are always enough pis mps not voting for it that the bill does n't pass . 
  til some countries do n't register people in local resident 's offices . 
  how does citizenship of a country even work without that ? 
   according to his party 's ideology well , `` his party '' pretty much ceased to exist after not managing to get into the parliament during the last elections . 
  `` poland '' was never going to back the ban before the protests either , considering that the ruling party repeatedly mentioned that there will be no party discipline in this vote , and each mp will be free to vote as he pleases . 
  it 's the country called russian federation which is one of our seven neighbours , not a country called `` kaliningrad '' . 
  of course we could argue that the part where conflict occured was discontinuous and that in this case the treaties do not apply , but i doubt it would work as its the same situation as with country having some islands . 
  besides , they were refugees escaping the * russian * regime , which is always a big plus in poland . 
  nah , * actual * refugees going to the first safe country was the issue , and we never claimed otherwise . 
  we had international obligations to take in them , so we did . 
  in stark contrast , we have no international obligation to take in anyone from the middle east right now . 
   hear that putin ? 
  if you can swing your supporters to be refugees poland will be in ( more ) trouble . 
  by `` refugees from russia '' i meant situation analogous to chechens in the 90s , when as the first safe country we took in a lot of refugees from that conflict . 
   they do n't want a single refugee . 
  no , we only do n't want a single refugee * from a country that is not our neighbor . 
  * and according to international law we have every right to hold such position . 
  were there a wave of refugees from , let 's say , ukraine or russia we would take them in without much deliberation . 
   i think that your reservations are pretentious and pointlessly nitpicky . 
  and i think using [ currentyear ] as a serious argument is cringeworthy . 
   arguments used in agitation are simplified it appears some were so simplified , they entirely lost any meaning or point then . 
   why the heck would someone vote for single constituencies ? 
  advantages of the single constituencies over the system currently present in poland are ( as claimed by the citizens ' movement for introducing them ) : * only the people with actual support will be elected , no longer some random noname guys nobody voted for will manage to get in because their party got a lot of spots in a constituency . 
  * lessened diffusion of responsibility - each constituency will have * the * representative , who will be more easily held accountable for the actions he did while in office * smaller , more local constituencies - easier for unaffiliated , locally respected people to get elected , instead of being forced to vote for the same disliked party activists each electoral cycle  did they manage to be part of the electoral law or what ? 
  various governments promised for years that they will introduce them , as it 's an idea that has huge popular support in poland , but so far it was only done partially - in local and senate elections . 
   this was extremely low though . 
  we had a [ referendum with 7 % turnout last year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_referendum,_2015 ) , 46 % seems extremely * high * in comparison . 
   the countries with the lowest murder rates ... also do n't have the death penalty . 
  japan , south korea and singapore are among countries with the lowest murder rates in the world , and they all have the death penalty . 
  poland has an [ opt-out ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charter_of_fundamental_rights_of_the_european_union#the_british_and_polish_protocol ) from it anyway . 
  trump is not a `` better , more influential version of angela merkel '' . 
   and now please station some troops in eastern europe , because poland has such unfortunate geography . 
  * american * troops . 
  i was not aware that usa is a part of eu , and that nato operates within the eu , but perhaps that 's the way it 's being taught in germany . 
  what about passing laws based on ideological feelings , should it also be out of the deck ? 
  if `` why non-catholics should be subjected to laws passed by catholics ? '', 
  is a valid position according to you , then what stops one from saying , for one , `` why non-socialists should be subjected to laws passed by socialists '' ? . 
  grats to south africa on beating greece , slovakia , romania , hungary , bulgaria and croatia !, 
   not to mention that the turnoiut was only 50 % the turnout in poland is always around 50 % . 
  usually it 's even a bit less , the 2015 elections actually had rather decent turnout by polish standards . 
   in * medieval * europe  the church gradually became a defining institution of the roman empire . 
  the article you have linked is approximately as relevant to the discussion about the enormous role catholic church had in polish resistance to the soviet occupational regime during the cold war , as [ this article about rail gauge in south america ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/track_gauge_in_south_america ) would be . 
  i made sure not to wear any black when leaving home today . 
  do n't want to be associated with nutjobs from razem in any way , even if i oppose the changes to current legislation . 
   symbolic dressing in black i wonder what this fringe party will do for atention the next time , maybe an action of symbolic wearing shoes , symbolic drinking of water or perhaps symbolic breathing ? 
   eastern europe is as the name says , the eastern part of europe , is finland in `` eastern europe '' then ? 
  or perhaps austria ? 
  greece maybe ? 
  sweden ? 
  well , we certainly have such a saying in poland , for example i recall it was used in [ a popular polish song a few years ago - fifth line in the first verse . 
   lets send those millions of polish people back to poland if you hate immigrants so much . 
  please do . 
  every polish government since 2004 promised that it will make them come back to the country , but unfortunately most of them did n't return so far . 
  our demography and economy needs them . 
   look at poland 's budget and its eu component some day . 
  poland receives less eu funds per capita than greece , portugal , slovakia , latvia , lithuania , estonia and hungary . 
  seems that they do n't watch satellite tv in the pink building anymore . 
  yeah , but it was the polish community that used to live in this city who made it a major center of polish culture , not the local buildings . 
  and they were all ethnically cleansed during the ww2 , with survivors resettled into western poland . 
  anyway , the unique culture of the pre-war polish city of lw\u00f3w is long lost , and attempts in turning the nowadays city of l'viv into a `` center of polish culture again '' would n't bring it back , but only result in creating a cheap and artificial imitation of lw\u00f3w , which obviously would n't be worth the effort . 
   from woodstock festival there you have it , for events like free festivals or football matches pkp usually uses the oldest and most run-down trains , as it is assumed they 'll end up damaged , vandalized and wrecked by its passengers anyway . 
   or how they treat freedom of the press .
