  it so happens that allegiances during wars sometimes change . 
   who is next ? 
  polish nazi collaboraters ? 
  if their actions * after * the germans left our country ensured that poland never became a communist-ruled state , then yes , by all means they would certainly deserve one . 
  that doe n't mean they should be completely redeemed from their earlier wrongdoings , of course . 
  polish nazi collabolators though were neither numerous nor ogranized enough to be such force , as you seem to imply the greek nazi collabolators were . 
   why is it short-sighted ? 
  you clearly do n't recognize the educational potential forests of concrete lenins would have after the complete collapse of civilization , when they would be the only thing indicating that in ancient times before the apocalypse there existed an unthinkably advanced civilization able to mechanically create hundreds of such masterpieces : ddd because that 's the only context in which his arguments even remotly appear to make sense . 
  it really does sicken me that so many people wholeheartedly support putting on a museum all this worthless stuff . 
  just recycle it for god 's sake . 
   tell me , what good does destroying it all do ? 
  make you feel a bit better ? 
  tell me , what good does keeping it on display do ? 
  other than generating maintenance costs . 
   what about 50 years from now ? 
  what about 100 ? 
  exactly as worthless as today . 
   how are future generations supposed to appreciate history and learn not to repeat it because in the future , the art of written word and photography will become completely forgotten , and all museums will vanish , thus making those crappy concrete lenins the only remaining historical objects in the world . 
  seems plausible . 
   idiots like you [ oh , those idiots who supported removal of the swastika flag from arch of triumph in paris !, 
  ] ( http://41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lttxly5dvo1qfvy18o1_500.jpg )  you support idiots like the ones that destroy everything just so they can wave a fucking flag and shout `` yeah fuck russia fuck putin ! '', 
  we destroyed all our lenins 25 years ago , and nobody ever shed a tear over them . 
  i was honestly surprised that ukrainians started removing those abominations so late . 
  child mortality in * half * of europe . 
  * learn to title your posts properly . 
   destroying parts of your history those parts of our history are so omnipresent and will haunt us back for decades and possibly centuries , there 's really no need for keeping the * additional * reminders of those dark times , especially those or low cultural , historical and artistic value , like mass produced monuments of the leader of an enemy country that was leading it * while we were fighting it for our independence * . 
  i 'm very glad we destroyed them/sold to private collectors the moment it became possible , just like i 'm glad we do n't fly the flag of nazi germany on top of the wawel castle anymore only for sake of `` not destroying parts of our history '' . 
   important to preserve for future generations to learn from . 
  it 's already preserved enough in things that will remain for a long period of time , like the bad design of peripheral parts of our cities consistent with the sick vision of le corbusier , atrocious brutalist architecture common in our cities , lack of trust in other people and crippled civil society , or lower standard of living when compared to other western countries that were lucky enough to never experience communism . 
  trust me , there are way too many things in our country that constantly remind us how fucked up the soviet occupation was , and keeping shitty devotionalia of quasi-religious cult which ( without much success ) soviet occupants tried to impose on us is completely superfluous . 
  we already have spatial planning of almost all of our cities disrupted by the shitty commieblock estates , why on earth would we want crappy monuments gloryfying one of the leaders of the occupiers on top of that ? 
  just like after the nazi occupation ended we renamed back all the adolf hitler streets in our cities , after the soviet occupation ended we renamed back all the w\u0142odzimierz lenin streets and destroyed all his monuments . 
  i do n't see anything weird about that . 
  posting such articles periodically is as sure way to earn karma as investment in norwegian bonds is sure to bring returns . 
  just imagine in two weeks : `` russia * still * refuses to hand plane wreckage to poland . 
  11pm update : the situation has not changed yet . '', 
   wrecking items of cultural or historical significance yes , but you are missing the most important fact - that those are * not * items of cultural or historical significance , just cheap mass-produced crap spawned everywhere by the opressive totalitarian regime for no other reason than propaganda . 
  frankly , i wonder why it took so long in ukraine , in poland we already destroyed all the commie statues that were filthying our cities in 1989 . 
   do n't the poles have something to say about lvov ? 
  we do n't want it anymore , all poles who made this city the second most important polish city in the world were either killed during the ww2 by germans , soviets and ukrainians , or expelled to what remained of poland after the war . 
  the city deteriorated during the 40 years of soviet and 25 years of ukrainian rule , and is now a poor ( per capita gdp of the area is 4 times lower than the poorest parts of poland ) , bland post-soviet city inhabited mostly by nationalistic ukrainians with a bunch of neglected polish historical monuments in the centre . 
  rather shitty deal if you asked me . 
  lw\u00f3w was forever destroyed between 1944 and 1946 , which sucks but its not like we can simply bring it back by taking the new alien city that replaced it , and changing its name . 
   churchill started a civil war in greece and by doing that , he saved greece from the sad fate of ending up as a soviet-occupied puppet for half of century . 
  if anything , that 's yet another reason of why he deserves a statue . 
  yes , you are a big volleyball fan . 
  i am a big ski jumping fan . 
  now we just need like 998 more people and we 'll have a representative sample size . 
   does anyone really care about ski jumping ? 
  most people i know just watch it in the background while eating a dinner . 
  and does anyone really care about volleyball ? 
  most people i know just watch it once in a blue moon when poland happen to make it to the semi-finals . 
   if we 're talking about tv viewers than it 's probably a close call , in a way . 
  following of the regular season ski jumping competitions is comparable with the big volleyball events , and the big ski jumping events compete even with football in terms of number of viewers . 
  though of course volleyball for obvious reasons is much more popular in terms of * active * participation . 
   poles had no such thing before ussr . 
  as i already said , poles were lucky enough not to live on a remote island with a monocultural agriculture . 
  russian empire would gladly starve us all if it was as easy as in the case of ireland . 
  well , and you * had * your fair share of intentionally starving millions of ukrainians . 
  fortunately poland was safe from your barbaric grasp in that time period . 
   irish people do n't hold big grudge against uk they do n't ? 
  my observations so far lead me to thinking otherwise . 
   poles were having nice growth who would have thought that we have the russian empire to thank for perks of not having monoculture !, 
  * everyone * in europe was having nice growth in 19th century - even the irish , until the potato famine . 
   pic 1 i ca n't read moonrunes , sorry . 
  i do n't think linking graphics in exotic languages is in a good taste , it 's as if i linked to a picture with a text in hindi . 
   pic 2 well , historically poles were n't significantly less numerous than germans , french or italians , and we were by far more numerous than spaniards ( that was the case until the ww2 ) , so it would be rather weird if one of the most populous european nations * did n't * make the list of the biggest economies in the world in the period where european economies were lightyears ahead of the rest of the world . 
  russian-occupied poland indeed produced 1/4 of russian empires gdp , which was only natural as it was the only already civilized and developed part of it , and the mere thought of how much more we could achieve had the russian empire never held us back for century makes my blood boiling . 
   pic 3 you can clearly see that trend starts to change in the 80s , while our commie quislings were still in charge . 
   pic 4 picture unrelated . 
   definitely second biggest will be volleyball . 
  you counted only team sports ? 
  because i am certain that , looking at the number of people following/caring about the sport , ski jumping is definitely the second most popular and far ahead of volleyball . 
   for which human beings actually evolved \\  treating evolution as if it was target-oriented  people are not naturally , inevitably selfish , lazy , antisocial and so on , but rather are group oriented , want to accomplish things , care about others and personal relationships and so on . 
  yes - on * small * scales . 
  of course most people are rather altruistic in regards to people they know , but it 's not neccesarily extended to random unknown people . 
  in commie-occupied poland everything was supposed to be `` common '' - in practice people using those `` common '' things seldomly took care of them ( why should they ? 
  - if it 's `` common '' , it belongs to no one ) and everyone tried to game the system and screw everyone else over . 
  that 's how every hypotetical `` communist '' society would inevitably end up sooner or later . 
   the results actually are n't that damaging to the theory if your goal is strictly to accelerate capitalism no , the goal literally was to * achieve communism * . 
  no need to be ashamed of that . 
   obvious you 're just regurgitating what you already believed here and have n't thought about it at all . 
  i have thought about it for many years , as on almost every step i can see the disastrous effects communism had on my country still lingering . 
  it 's getting better , but it will probably still take * centuries * to outdo all the damage though . 
   ( it 's going pretty fucking well for the chinese ! ), 
  fortunately for the chinese , their communist party by now almost completely scrapped any remains of the communist thought from their agenda . 
   the nazis intentionally targeted the czech intelligentsia right ? 
  and soviets intentionally targeted the polish inteligentsia . 
  neat how many of `` outside '' factors cited as the reasons of why communism failed were actually partially caused by soviets themselves . 
   yes ... from the 70s onwards . 
  before that , the soviet bloc had growth rates , in cia estimates , of upwards of 5 % for decades . 
  that explains why before communism poland was halfway between italy and spain in terms of per-capita wealth , and after communism it was several * times * poorer than either country . 
   the 70s is also when western economies began to stagnate in general . 
  not as severely , exactly , but like , american median household income has n't grown in forty years . 
  average growth is a little better than that but still well below the early post-war period 's levels . 
  and polish median household income has grown immensely in the last 25 years . 
  strangely , that also coincides with the moment we threw the communist theory where it belongs - to the dustbin of history . 
   do n't actually know anything about communist theory . 
  i know enough to know that the only case in which this * theory * accurately describes the society is when everyone closely tries to follow it . 
  it 's the equivalent of creationism in social sciences .
