  dunno , do we have history of christian american terrorism * in europe * ? 
  i do n't really recall this being the case , but i 'm sure you 'll enlighten me on my ignorance . 
   well , the polish wikipedia says something else . 
  polish wikipedia in general is horribly written , and this article seems to be no exception . 
  [ here 's an official dictionary definition of the word `` dyskryminacja '' . 
  neither of those being the case in this particular situation . 
  that 's also how i always understood this word , and the dictionary seems to agree with me . 
   you quoted only half of what i wrote : i reflected myself right after i posted , but i did n't manage to finish the edit within three minutes and deemed it not important enough to warrant having an ugly-looking asterisk next to my post . 
   correct . 
  but nationality is first only included to a lesser degree in the law it 's mentioned in the exact same paragraph . 
   the circumstances are not similar here . 
  there is not the same situation for libyan refugees as for syrian ones . 
  how exactly the circumstances are not similar ? 
  they are both refugees who are residing in already safe countries , and the proposition of slovakian government is directed to only small subset of them . 
  thus , slovakian offer is somehow `` discriminating '' libyans by deliberately excluding them . 
   but for the christian and non-christian syrian the situation is completely the same , but the religion . 
  and libyan and syrian situation is completely the same , but the nationality . 
   slovakia says , we invite those christians directly from syria , because they are in a particular bad situation there and persecuted because of their religion . 
  yes , that 's the general idea ( we did the exact same thing slovakia did lately ) . 
  unfortunately we do n't have the teleportation devices needed to accomplish this task , and sending a direct plane into a war zone is also not an option . 
  the only refugees we can * invite * ( as it 's not like they are going to come to our particular countries on their own ) are those , who have already made it into eu . 
   then others are still treated less favorable , but the discrimination/distinction is not on religious grounds/because of their belief , but only by religion/belief there is no significant difference between the two situations . 
   would/is a non-christian syrian also be invited by slovakia ? '', 
  then he is clearly treated less favorable than the christian . 
  would/is a libyan refugee also be invited by slovakia ? '', 
  then he is clearly treated less favorable than the syrian . 
  would/is a mexican also be invited by slovakia ? '', 
  then he is clearly treated less favorable than the syrian . 
  the rest of 7,299,999,800 people living on earth not-invited by the slovak government are similarly `` discriminated '' , on various other grounds . 
  see , we woule be achieving absurdal results if we treated the fallacy you have just commited as actual legal term . 
  fortunately , the polish world `` dyskryminacja '' does not include this kind of situation . 
  the only union-wide problem i see here is prevalence of refugees shopping for benefits instead of getting to the nearest safe country . 
  and actions of poland so far are certainly not contributing to it . 
  yeah , but being in erm2 system for at least two years is also among the criteria . 
  and entering the erm2 is not mandatory . 
  that 's the loophole sweden is using . 
   think you do n't understand how the term discrimination is used in law , oh , i was n't sure myself so i consulted the polish text of the treaty ( which is equally as original and valid as the english one ) to be sure . 
  and wording in polish version leaves little room to interpretation , and makes the kind of argument you are trying to use absurdal . 
   / would/has been a person treated less favorable on those grounds ? '', 
  who exactly is treated `` less favorably '' in this particular case ? 
  for three posts you have failed to answer such simple question . 
   discrimination is not always forbidden that 's an interesting information , but unfortunately we are not dealing with `` discrimination '' of any kind in the case we are discussing . 
  your analogy is flawed because countries are not shops and they are not open to everyone . 
  if you enter the country uninvited you are an illegal immigrant . 
  wilno , arguably . 
  though considering that we lost both lw\u00f3w and wilno to the soviet union in 1939 ( with that agressive act legalised by the imposed border treaty signed in 1945 ) , and both cities were ethnically cleansed of most of their polish population such statement makes sense in a historical context at most ( and is useful as banter ) . 
  not sure why would you mention kiev in the same sentence , as unlike the latter two it was n't a polish majority city in poland until its native population was shipped away by soviets after their invasion of our country . 
  they have a bunch of russians who `` immigrated '' there during the soviet occupation . 
   the state is fundamentally not allowed to make a distinction based on the named grounds . 
  no , the state is fundamentally not allowed to * discriminate * based on the named grounds . 
  inviting a particular group of people does not mean the other , non-invited people are somehow `` discriminated '' . 
  you do n't even understand the very article you are quoting . 
  i do n't really follow you here , how exactly it is discrimination ? 
  slovakia decides to * invite * 200 guys to their country . 
  they could invite * nobody * , as they are not obliged to * invite * anyone . 
  they are entirely free to chose to invite to their country whoever they want on whatever criteria they wish . 
  i do n't see how either article 20 or 21 would be even slightly relevant in this particular situation . 
  by that logic , is the rest of brazil discriminated against if we invite a brazilian footballer to play in our league ? 
  are you discriminated against because you did n't recieve an invitation to a party , and some guys in your city did ? 
  so did sweden . 
  yet that did n't stop them from easily avoiding euro to this day in any way . 
  all we have to do is to join euro * someday * . 
  that `` someday '' can be on january 1 , 2873 as far as everyone is concerned . 
  9/10 of ukraine is perfectly safe , including the bits near poland . 
  with the ammount of money we can afford to spend on refugees , the phrase `` polish concentration camps '' would probably finally gain an actual meaning had ` refugee quotas ' became a reality . 
  considering that we would have to keep any potential refugees in our country by force in order to prevent them from going back to scandinavia or germany , and all . 
  til we had a `` quest for the euro '' . 
  i thought the idea of ever adapting it was pretty much abandoned around 2008 . 
  we were not in america the last time i checked . 
  the goal of iron curtain was to keep people * in * , not * out * . 
   and how did that work out ? 
  we did n't have any big war in europe ever since , so i guess we have learned our lesson . 
   should have tried that during wwii . 
  you as in ` denmark ' ? 
  i do n't think you were in any position to take refugees back then either . 
   any polish jew managing to escape , just dump them right back into warsaw . 
  that 's exactly what many countries did actually . 
   you think germany and sweden do n't ? 
  they surely do n't seem like that , but rather like bored philantropists who decided they want to become the refugee center of the world for whatever reason . 
   and it is only fair for the spending to be proportional to each country 's economic reality . 
  we are providing any refugees that come here ( yes , there are some ) with shelter and food . 
  that 's what we obliged ourselves to do in treaties we have signed , and that 's what we can afford . 
  not our fault that other countries decide to provide them luxuries instead . 
  and considering that to reach those countries you have to travel through similar ammount of safe countries as you have to reach poland , it 's only natural that they are chosing those countries and not poland as their destination . 
   you are a part of european union , and you have an obligation to contribute to solving european problems in ways that are acceptable to european values , conventions , laws and principles . 
  and we do . 
  we accept refugees who apply for asylum here and are eligible for refugee status according to conventions we have signed and our laws and principles . 
  we also provide them with shelter and food . 
  we do n't have to do anything more than that , unlike a few unnamed countries who are outdoing themselves in trying to be philantrophic . 
  well , good for them if they can afford it , but we certainly ca n't and neither do we see a need to engage in such a game . 
   this is about sharing responsibility . 
  responsibility for * what * exactly ? 
  there are no war-torn countries in vincinity of poland . 
  to reach poland despite that fact , you would have to be a benefit-seeking refugee . 
  poland do n't provide any luxuries to people with refugee status , so its not a suitable destination for such people . 
  it 's really that easy . 
  well , then germany and sweden will have to sponsor the german - or swedish - standard refugee accomodation in poland . 
  because we kinda have millions of better ways to spend the little money we have . 
  otherwise , good luck explaining to people who have to live on $ 250/month pensions , people who had building of bypass road in their town delayed once more , or people who are waiting in months-long queues to the hospital where the money that could help them went . 
  despite popular opinion , there * do * exist other places in the world than poland and isis , and most of them are perfectly safe .
