  i thought we were higher than that . 
  i 'm glad we are finally modernising and upgrading our army so hopefully we 'll get close to the level of israel by the end of decade . 
  \\  looks at the top \\  no poland \\  actually no poland anywhere else either / r/shittycharts, 
  ask native americans or aboriginals . 
  yeah , i do n't know what hitler was thinking . 
  even he should have some standards . 
  `` ussr saw germany invading and occupying poland , so they did n't want to miss on the fun and also invaded and occupied poland '' . 
  this is literally what you have wrote your post . 
  well , being merely * percieved * as even remotely left-wing is a political suicide in poland ( and `` socialist '' is used only as a derogatory term and insult ) . 
  there are many factors that caused that - we are a conservative , and in large part catholic society and our left wing electorate is considerably smaller than either centrist or right wing one , ussr occupied our country for 40 years - and imposed a brutal far-left quisling-like dictatorship which is very badly remembered , or the absolutely disastrous rule of the post-commie party in 2001-2005 period which ensured they will never be treated as a serious political contenders again . 
  tl ; dr polish politics is much closer to the american one than to the one known from western europe . 
  they are also anti-current-ruling-party , so they most likely will stay at home . 
  and the rest of them will vote for duda . 
  silesia and little poland , totally russian partition . 
  the funniest thing about such maps is the fact that pis is the strongest in lands that were occupied by austria during 19th century . 
   euzebiusz smolarek alright , it 's not 2006 and you do n't hear often about him anymore . 
   he said that the soviets thought literal enslavement of millions was a good idea what he said was factually correct then . 
   eastern border of korolevstvo polskoe in russian empire and western border of general gouvernment in nazi germany was situated noticeably east than either pre-war or post-war western border of poland . 
  also , you surely meant privislinski krai ? 
  because kr\u00f3lestwo polskie was formally abolished in 1867 , and de-facto in 1832 . 
   you can compare images of `` rzeczpospolita 1938 '' you can also compare it with rzeczpospolita 1772 , because that was the country rzeczpospolita of 1938 was countinuation , and you would notice significant part of the territory forming independent countries ( latvia , lithuania ) , or remaining over control of soviet union . 
  polish-soviet border was actually similar to the 1794 border , so the last border before poland was annexed by russia for the first time . 
  those lands were claimed by duchy of warsaw ( which was later renamed kingdom of poland and forced into a personal union with russia which gradually resulted in russian occupation of poland ) but due to napoleon 's failure to win against russia were n't transferred back to us . 
   it is not just a part of western block and always were . 
  the 1944-1989 soviet occupation of poland when we were cut off from the rest of the west is very ill remembered here . 
   , but it is `` usa-promoted '' and usa-influenced eu new-member ( secret cia jails etc. . ) for a good reason , and we are fully aware of that . 
  basically , right now the close alliance with usa is our only guarantee against russian imperialism which we had misfortune of experiencing since the 17th century . 
   tries to influence belarus and ukraine of course we do . 
  they are our neighbours , and we want all the best for them . 
  seeing them being decayed post-soviet corrupt flawed democracies ( or dictatorships , in case of belarus ) is very sad , and we are doing our best to change such situation . 
   heavily support anti-russian side for obvious reasons we do n't want to border with russia anymore than we do . 
  supporting anti-russian side * anywhere * is a matter of our national survival . 
   but poland itself had captured a lot of territories our vast lands on the east in the commonwealth times were inherited , we did not counquer them . 
   and it is natural to incorporate new citizens and to try make them as loyal as possible and it is natural to hate the country that first did everything to weaken our country , then invaded it multiple times to finally annex it , and then attepted to incorporate us into their shithole country . 
  also , despite encompassing many different nationalities , we never done anything of the sort in the first republic ( 1569-1795 ) . 
  though in the second republic ( 1918-1939 ) there indeed were some such attempts . 
   is there same negative attitude towards germany , who also participated in dividing of poland as prussia the difference is that we actually got the lands prussia took from us * back * ( and even some more ) . 
  that 's not the case in russia - actually there is not a single square meter of territory taken by russia from pre-partition poland that would belong to us right now . 
  the last german occupation of poland is also much more distant than the last russian one , and the german attitude towards poland has changed , while russian has not . 
  that does n't mean germany is universally loved or trusted here , but right now they are a reasonable partner that apologized for their wrongdoings towards us . 
  another important factor is that we have always seen germany as a better version of our country - an ideal we should follow , as opposed to russia which was always seen as a barbarous savage invading force from somewhere in asia that brings nothing but backwardness , poverty and suffering . 
   instead of hating equally germany ( + austria ) if we never got back the lands they took from us , and the last time they occupied our country ended in 1989 , they would definitely be seen much more negatively . 
  austria in terms of power is so far removed from the austrian empire they are not in any way a threat to poland , and their occupation of poland in 19th century was incredibly mild and almost a polar opposite of the russian and german one , so it would be a completely unreasonable position . 
   , poland canalize all media-aggression towards russia we also canalize our non-media agression towards russia as well , do n't worry . 
  media just reflect ( in a distorted way ) how society thinks . 
   new territories well , of course they were . 
  it 's not like we had * any * territories before that considering the fact that * entriety * of after-ww1-poland was a `` new '' territory ( re ) taken from germany , austria and russia because we were not an independent country since 1815 , and did n't really exist in any way since 1832 . 
   to say there were no ethic cleansing . 
  no , executions of over hundred of thousand poles and deporation to siberia and kazakhstan of about million poles were totally not ethnic cleansing . 
  such thinga were a perfectly normal occurence in the soviet union after all , so i have no doubt it does n't shock you in the slightest . 
  yes , there was also * genocide * of poles living in ussr in the 1937-38 period ( because i would n't classify a largely realized order to `` kill absolutely * all * poles '' as anything else but it ) , but this one was not directly related to the soviet occupation of poland , i did n't mention it . 
   and that katyn is more likely to be done by nkvd then by germans  more likely  `` likely '' well , holocaust was also more likely to be done by germans than by soviets , but there really is no need to mention it . 
   even in english-wikipedia it says that only first times there were armies of magnats and the king ( t of poland-lithuania commonwealth took command . 
  actions of those magnates would be recognized as actions of poland anyway , so of course our king proceeded to involve himself in this affair at some point . 
  it 's not like the king had direct control over the nobles and could do anything to stop them . 
  we were a democracy after all , and every noble was a free man in a completely modern sense . 
  i know this concept seems rather unthinkable in russia . 
   poles captured smolensk and reached moscow , it was a definitive success of campaign i never said we did n't . 
  yes , in 1600 we took a small part of russia that russia reconquered 50 years later anyway . 
  in stark constrast , since ~ 1650 ( it was the case earlier as well , but until 1650s russia was weaker than poland so it was in no position to do so ) up until 1989 russia had complete destruction and subjugation of poland as a one of their foremost principles , and actively realized it with unbelievable consistence during entriety of this whole period ( and the only reason that this is not the case right now is the fact that their evil empire collapsed 25 years ago and they are not in a position to do so anymore ) . 
   i mean poland and finland had privileges over other russian regions , like their own goverment , own laws . 
  well , i guess the whole `` russian regions '' thing was what irked people for whatever reason . 
  and we never had `` our own government '' * while * being occupied by russia , in the 1815-1831 period we were officially supposed to be merely in a personal union with russia , and definitely not `` a part of it '' . 
  after that , we hardly had any privilleges , and on top of that we were forced to live under an opressive backwards shithole that completely hindered the development of a significanc part of our country . 
  totally a great deal . 
   this similar to soviet union where baltic republics had noticeably better life level that neighborhood regions . 
  well , independent states of latvia , lithuania and estonia already had a noticeably better standard of life than soviet union , so it was only natural that such situation was still in place even after the soviet invasion and occupation of those countries . 
   though , of course , it did n't make them loyal . 
  generally speaking , being loyal towards hostile occupier tends to make you a last scum , so it would be really weird if that was the case . 
  citizens of the general gouvernment during the ww2 also were n't loyal . 
   now we can see that prediction is wrong . 
  it 's definitely wrong . 
  there 's a fair chance ( about 50 % ) that an ecr opposition might slightly win over incumbent epp in elections in poland this autumn , but i see such possibility was n't included in this prediction either . 
  why so many different ambassadors were on board of the same aircraft ? 
  i thought it 's not allowed anymore . 
   no it was not just some guy it was as valid as a line drawn by `` some random guy '' . 
  at some points there were some efforts to use it as a basis for an official demarkation line , but they were unsuccessful . 
  also , the curzon line left lw\u00f3w and parts of grodno on the polish side . 
   ussr invaded the ethic ukrainian and belorussian territories ... and a lot of [ not-really-ukrainian-and-belorusian territories as a collateral damage i guess . 
  ] ( http://s24.postimg.org/u4d92sedh/polacy_na_kresach.png ) you do n't really hear often about them , but there are * still * numerous majority-polish areas all along the lithuanian-belarusian border even nowadays . 
  most of poles living in areas of poland annexed by ussr in 1939 were either ethnic cleansed by mass executions and deportations in the 1939-41 period , or - in similar manner to germans from former eastern germany - expelled from their homes after the war . 
  also , hence the second part of my post . 
   the polish army , commanded by general w\u0142adys\u0142aw bortnowski , annexed an area of 801.5 km \u00b2 with a population of 227,399 people . 
  administratively the annexed area was divided between two counties : frysztat and cieszyn county . 
  [ yes , i never denied if you did n't notice . 
  interestingly enough , the exact same territory got annexed by czechoslovakia in the exact same in 1919 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93czechoslovak_war i 'm not defending the bad timing , which mistakenly lead to this issue being counterfactually connected with munich agreement . 
   ussr needed to begin war with poland first and conquer it all . 
  well , not from the lack of trying . 
  i 'd like to remind you that soviet russia already did it in 1920 and failed miserably , so this time they ensured an alliance with germany before starting another invasion . 
   but there was also invasion of poland into russia in xvii century . 
  the private interventions of polish magnates during the civil war in russia ( that at some point were rather reluctantly supported by the commonwealth ) that lasted for a few years at most were in no way comparable to active efforts of russia to undermine the polish state throughout the 18th century , annexation of the better part of our territory after conducting numerous agressive wars against us , which ultimately resulted in entirety of our country being occupied , brutaly repressing poles suffering under russian occupation throughout 19th century , and finally trying to conquer poland again in 1920 right after we freed ourselves from ocer century of a hostile occupation . 
  talk about disproportionate response . 
   despite poland governorship had privileges etc , like finland after a brief decade of occupation after the final partition in 1795 , poland was recreated by napoleon in 1807 ( although initially as a rump state , napoleon promised restoration of 1791 borders ) . 
  unfortunately for us , after napoleon was defeated in 1815 , poland was forced into a personal union with russia on a congress on vienna . 
  in theory we were guaranted independence , but as years passed russians were ignoring it more and more , and finally started ruling poland as if it was a part of russia after they defeafed us in a war in 1830-31 . 
  which included decades of heavy repressions . 
  so i have no idea what those `` privilleges '' you are talking about were . 
  well , you are more right than you think because indeed the only thing ussr cared about in spain were vast ammounts of gold in spanish treasury . 
  which mysteriously ended up almost in entiriety in soviet union in exchange for overpriced weaponry , and right after the last packet of gold was delivered , all soviet interest in helping the spanish government side immediately disappeared . 
   poland had taken territories over curzon line curzon line was not a legally recognized official border/demarcation line/anything else of the sort .
