  georgia , ukraine , moldova etc. ), 
  yes , that 's exactly what i said . 
  and frankly , as long as the party also actively worked towards things that every civilized european country has , like for example the right to write your name in a correct spelling , or right to have bilingual street signs in areas where significant part of the indigenous population speaks another language , i probably could n't care less who they are supported by . 
  in fact , the more stupid of lithuania , that they are allowing such unimportant and easily resolvable issues to lessen balance in their country . 
   both germany and soviet russia supported us international politics 101 . 
  two strong countries support a weak country against a middle-strenght country they are both hostile against . 
  terrible surprise . 
   lithuanians lived in vilnius region , especially in rural areas they always made a majority . 
  and those `` lithuanians [ who ] lived in vilnius region , especially in rural areas they always made a majority . '', 
  [ somehow managed to become poles somewhere between 1920 and 1939 , and remained them to this day ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/11/poles_in_lithuania_barry_kent.png ) . 
  sure , whatever you wish . 
   i do n't know why you and poles at that time feel so nationalistic towards vilnius , you should probably ask people who lived in wilno back then , who flew the polish flags in the city while they seized it from the german ober-ost command in january 1919 . 
  the fact that from the perspective of the rest of the polish society it seemed to be yet another completely regular middle-sized polish city like pozna\u0144 or lublin probably also contributed . 
   it 's like saying england can occupy something in scotlands territory if scotland makes indepence happen because people speak english * cough * northern ireland * cough *  lithuania and lithuanians at that time just wanted ethnical ( even though hard to say that ) lands a.k.a. 
  lithuanian proper ( pretty much what is todays lithuania ) . 
  unfortunately , on top of the ethnic lithuanian lands ( which approximately corresponded to the 1924 borders minus parts of memel/klaipeda ) , the republic of lithuania also claimed the ethnic polish lands ( which * used * to be lithuanian at some point in the past , sure ) . 
  [ map for reference ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/81/mapa_rozsiedlenia_ludno%c5%9bci_polskiej_na_terenie_litwy_w_1929.jpg )  on other hand what poland wanted to do is become a bloody great power again in europe in early 1920s we still were almost the france - or italy - sized nation , way more populous than spain , and had the 9th-10th biggest economy in the world . 
  obviously we * wanted * to become a great power with such potential , who would n't ? 
   and re-create polish-lithuania commonwealth v2 or even bigger than that partially . 
  we seeked a loose alliance of central and eastern european countries against both russia and germany . 
  though after we found out we are too weak to beat russia and have betrayed our ukrainian and belarusian allies by signing a separate peace treaty with russia in 1921 it was already over . 
   besides nobody in lithuania or elsewhere are denying it . 
  mentioning the two of three massacres done by ak , and failing to mention they were done in response to those actions sounded quite close to that for me , that 's why i continued this topic . 
   the same poles that are led by pro-kremlin puppet waldemar tomaszewski ... to spicy up lithuanian and polish relations , great . 
  yes , and i have already explained * why * they are pro-kremlin in another post in this thread . 
  they are pro-kremlin because only kremlin tried to preserve their autonomy in early 90s , while polish government ignored them and lithuanian government actively disbaned it . 
  not the best thing , in the current international situation , but i 'd say it 's prefectly understantable from * their * point of view ( even if they know perfectly that they are being used by russians ) . 
  it 's the old russian * divide et impera * again , just like back in summer 1920 , the difference is that this time they support another side of the conflict . 
   cut this crap dude , vilnius was our capital since xiv century it has too much of historical meaning to let it slip away . 
  so was constantinople to greeks . 
  though unlike lithuanians , greeks at least were still living in istanbul in 1920s . 
   same applies to republic of poland . 
  of course , but as i already said , at least we had this `` we wo n't have any international ports '' thing on top of that . 
  interestingly enough , lithuania experienced the very same issue in the interwar period , though instead of keeping the free city compromise and building your own port on your territory ( in , say , palanga ) , you have took over the free city of memel and annexed it instead . 
  there was nothing like that about wilno , no economical interest , just pure `` le ancient capitul '' senseless `` imperialism '' ( in quotation marks , because it was possible only thanks to the russian/soviet assistance ) . 
   cut the nazis out of this already . 
  why , ashamed of your past ? 
  numerous lithuanian massacres of poles during the ww2 were commited by nazi-alligned troops composed from lithuanian collaborants . 
  that 's a historical fact . 
  and i was n't the one to start this topic in the first place . 
  ^ ( minor note - my broken keyboard kept sending this post before i was finished , sorry for that ), 
   similar migrations are found to germany ( around 2 million poles ) this 2 million figure is * all * poles ( and `` poles '' ) in germany overall , including people who escaped to gfr during the commie occupation , and descendants of poles who in 19th century internally migrated from ethnically polish areas taken by prussia in partitions of poland . 
  post-2004 migration to germany was several hundred thousands at most . 
   most these citizens in vilnius were polonized lithuanians and jews , not couting that rural areas were purely lithuanian . 
  and polonized lithuanians are , in essence , poles . 
  especially considering that most of them either left to poland after 1945 , or remained in ussr/lithuania , kept calling themselves `` poles '' and are now voting for the polish-minority party . 
   just leave the past and hate behind and start thinking rationally . 
  on this subreddit i 'm only ever fighting the `` evil poland attacked poor and innocent lithuania in 1920 out of the blue '' meme - this seems what seems to be taught in your schools , and is unfortunately completely false . 
   vilnius was a disputed city , same like free city of danzig , it was german majority city , yet poland claim that it 's rightful polish land . 
  and on danzig matter , the german claim was a stronger one . 
  on wilno one , the polish was a stronger one . 
  while there likely were some historicist-nationalist influences , the only reason we * actually * wanted danzig was to have an international seaport , and when we failed to obtain the city we decided to build our own , better port in gdynia . 
  on the other had , i fail to see why you would want a landlocked city full of non-lithuanians for any reasons other than pure nationalism ( and imperialism , however funnily such word sounds in the context of republic of lithuania ) . 
   hold on right here , this terrible thing was happening through whole of europe you were n't the only victim here , besides if few lithuanians who have insane nationalistic tendencies start shooting few polish people that means whole nations is god damn nazi ? 
  i used the `` lithuanian nazi-collabolators '' phrase to precisely mean `` few lithuanians who have insane nationalistic tendencies '' . 
  it sounded precise enough when i was writing it , but now i see that it indeed could be interpreted either way . 
   so the russian occupation of crimea is okay too cause the russians are majority ? 
  it 's like you have n't even read my post . 
  since the german army left , the city of wilno was exclusively controlled by poles , and depending on the changing front , by bolsheviks . 
  at the time , republic of lithuania had nothing to do with the city ( other than claiming it for themselves , of course ) . 
  lithuania took the city over in summer 1920 , and in essence it was no different than taking the city over by poles in october 1920 ... or soviets in june 1920 ... or poles in summer 1919 ... or bolsheviks in april 1919 ... or poles in january 1919 . 
  the lithuanians merely happened to be the second to last to control the city for a while in this period while it often changed hands . 
  and the fact that you * claimed * it to be your capital , does not make those two months of lithuanian control of wilno between july 1920 and october 1920 any more legitimate than , say , polish control of it in the august 1919-july 1920 period , or even the bolshevik control of the city between april 1919 and august 1919 . 
  you just happened to be the penultimate `` occupier '' , the one with a weak claim at best . 
  which brings us to the next matter :  ohh and do you know who built and started the city yep lithuanians do you know what countries capital it was in the medival ages ? 
  this is a non-argument . 
  do you know who built and started the city of pozsony/pressburg , currently known as bratislava , capital of slovakia ? 
  hint : it were n't slovaks . 
  were americans the ones to `` build and start '' the city of san francisco ? 
  maybe turks built and started the city of constantinop ... istanbul ? 
  were the french the ones to build and start the city of marseille , or were those greek colonists ? 
  and was n't london founded as a city in the roman times ? 
  surely the republic of italy ( which has approximately the same ammount of connection to the roman empire as republic of lithuania has to the grand duchy of lithuania ) would be in a right to claim the city of london ... or rather londinium - after all they were the ones who built and started the city , were n't they ? 
   ohh and please explain why polish goverment supports polish party in lithuania who is so pro-kremlin . 
  that 's actually the easiest thing to understand about this whole affair , and as much as i personally despise russia . 
  in the late period of the soviet union , poles were given [ their own autonomous region ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_national-territorial_region ) which happened to be composed from areas taken by lithuania in 1939 , which remained majority polish to this day . 
  after lithuania bec ame independent from soviet union in 1991 , scrapping this region was one of the first decisions the new lithuanian government did ( despite earlier promises of lithuanian officials that they will honour this autonomy ) . 
  the only ones to protest were russians , as government of the republic of poland decided not to protest , wanting to maintain good relations with newly independent state . 
  it 's purely the `` enemy of my enemy is my friend '' mentality on both russian and polish-minority party side of this situation . 
  and that 's precisely the case * because * the polish government values good relations with lithuania more than our minority in your country . 
   they would have n't occupied our capital at 1920s . 
  no , we occupied the city you have * claimed * to be your capital . 
  which used to be fully controled by poland until * two months earlier * , but got occupied by soviets during the polish-soviet war , and then given by them to lithuania * in summer 1920 * . 
  the city also happenned to be polish-majority , with large jewish minority . 
  on the other hand , lithuanians composed less than 2 % of the city population . 
  no wonder when inhabitants of the city took control over it from the retreating german army in 1918/19 they did it under polish flag , and the republic of lithuania never had any say in that area until their gift from soviets in summer 1920 . 
  rich of you , pretending that * you * are the victims here . 
   maybe about polish armia krajowa killings of lithuanians ? 
  maybe start with lithuanian nazi-collabolators killings of poles , because i recall their deaath toll was one or two orders of magnitude bigger than any * retributive * actions of ak . 
  swedes in 17th century were pretty much equivalent with nazis and soviets ( if not worse ) . 
  actually i recall calculations sugesting that the 1655-60 swedish invasion of poland ( which killed 1/3 of our population ) actually caused * more * relative damage to poland than world war 2 . 
   you did n't give a big picture . 
  `` while czech levels of income inequality remained the lowest of all formerly soviet-occupied countries , the overall growth of their economy was also significantly lower than in countries like poland or slovakia . '', 
  when put that way , it 's definitely more insightful when compared to your `` stupid poles had le bad neoliberalism xd and the country literally burned down xd , while czech republic did everything perfectly and could be the sevres meter stick of economic transition , praise you oh wise czechs '' simplistic bullshit . 
  it 's only 200km/h though ( and that 's top speed , it 's 160km/h for a better part of the course ) , thus hardly `` high speed rail '' . 
   that 's a fallacy , with this you can always validate horrible lack of social justice in wealth redistribution there 's no * horrible * lack of `` social justice in wealth redistribution '' in poland . 
   yes , i think now it 's time for more wealth redistribution and i think it 's not the time yet . 
  there is still * not enough * wealth in our country to redistribute it in any sensible way , and implementing socialist policies right now wo n't help this situation to change for better , quite the contrary . 
  which also sums up all the past ( and likely all the future ) discussions i ever had with you in here . 
   czechs implemented reforms less rapidly and came out ok .
