  i like how this discussion at some point subtly evolved into a parody of itself . 
  feels almost like / int / . 
   you prefer media whores whilst i prefer people that are good at their jobs . 
  yes , i prefer `` media whores '' , who are also good at their jobs to noname unknowns who are simply good at their jobs . 
  i also appreciate the subtle insult at the very end , though i wo n't be arsed to have another of those 6 hours long `` western ? 
  central ? 
  northeastern ? 
  centraleastern ? 
  eastern ? '', 
  fruitless discussions . 
   cry me a river !, 
  you are welcome !, 
   i prefer not to talk to nationalists . 
  you are a nationalist !, 
  you are a nationalist !, 
  everyone is a nationalist !, 
  i 'd like to borrow your googles someday . 
   they do n't care what people say about them they do n't have to , as they have you who will defend their honour in their stead . 
  i would n't bother either if i knew someone like that would come and do it for me . 
   about their politicians i do n't really care about them either , though i make an exception when they are objectively * better * than their precedors . 
   criticize polish politicians , that are objectively inferior to belgian politicians , and nationalists like you start to cry . 
  `` belgian guy was better than polish guy because i said so hurr durr polish guy sucks because he is not a western european aryan \u00fcbermensch like every important guy should be and on top of that he said bad things about russia hurr durr '' yeah ... that 's about it . 
   well , then you 're nothing less than ignorant i guess you could consider 99 % of european population to be ignorant with such criteria . 
   you might want to reread what i 've said . 
  i reread , and i stand by my opinion . 
  the fact that a * politician * once in a while * says something to the media * ( how outrageous ! ), 
  does not mean he is disregarding his tasks . 
  those two things are completely disconnected . 
   it 's not that hard to grow when you are at the bottom `` economy of your country sucks ! '', 
  `` well , we are literally repairing the damage made by commies the fastest that is humanly possible . '', 
  `` lol , that 's because it sucks xd '' debating with you is like debating with a 6 year old . 
   also , unlike other countries in the world , you get a lot of help from western european countries . 
  we were developing equally as fast in 90s and early 00s , when that was n't really the case . 
  greece and portugal are recieving from the eu * more * per capita than poland , yet you do n't really see similar results there . 
   your politicians and governance stays at such low , pathetic levels . 
  while i enjoy bitching about our politicians and governance as much as the next guy , i would n't consider them to be * significantly * worse than their analogs in other european countries , especially those on similar level of development to poland . 
   your ignorance is what triggered it all . 
  i apologize that i do n't really recall anything about someone who , according to * you , * is * supposed * to be unremarkable . 
   i know . 
  nationalism  quality , am i right ? 
  one of the principles of the eu is that every country gets their guy in the council . 
  and in current situation , ayone presenting an anti-russian stance in foreign affairs is automatically of highest quality than even the best educated and prepared expert with 120 years of experience , who would be submissive to russian agression . 
   polish politicians , even those at the top are of poor quality . 
  politicians , even those at the top are of poor quality . 
  i would like you to present me with a scientific source ( no , your biases caused by your apparent heavy dislike for poland does n't count as such ) proving that polish ones are more so than the others . 
   this subreddit might have screwed your idea of how poland is viewed in western europe though . 
  i am perfectly aware that there are also a lot of pompous , vitriolic cunts like you in western europe , thank you . 
   you started the insults . 
  yeah , * i * started the insults . 
  i have literally stated the only adjectives i could connect van rompuy with , answering the question . 
   what this polish guy did was n't necessary doing more than a bare minimum is usually a good trait . 
   they hold a party card and that political party has to win . 
  european parties kinda are a thing . 
  and epp was the one that won . 
   yeah no , poland is on the bottom of the barrel . 
  what an utter economic disappointment your country has been . 
  well , considering that since the last * russian * occuppation of our country ended , [ we were growing approximately as fast as china ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/gdp_growth_per_capita_%28annualized%29.png ) the rest of the world must be in such a deep shitter , it 's hard to imagine for me . 
  thanks to the soviet occuppation and the ridiculously inept economical system imposed by it , our economy 25 years ago was african-tier bad . 
  that * definitely * was a disappointment . 
  comparing to that sad state , the fact that right now we are approaching the level of the poorest western european countries - without having big oil reserves or anything like that is hardly disappointing on the other hand . 
   `` lolol , are you mad ? 
  '' , remember ? 
  \\  attention seeking whore \\  say idiotic things \\  inexperienced `` no , no , y-y-you started it ! '', 
   so you 're under the impression that tusk is all over the news or in the media in other countries ? 
  uhm , yeah , once in a while ? 
  actually lately i see tusk more often in foreign news than in polish ones . 
  though i follow foreign news more often than i do polish ones , so this might be just an illusion . 
   the best option would 've been an non-pole . 
  glad you are not the one pulling the strings then . 
   not really , no current polish politician is known . 
  there are many middle-level politicans who , while i would n't say they are * known * , would definitely fall into this category . 
  russia constantly trying to mess around ( with malicious results ) with internal affairs of countries that have misfortune of being in a relative proximity to them is also irritating . 
  early tusk definitely was somewhat libertarianish . 
  even in the early 00s he could still pass off for a moderate libertarian . 
  it was just after losing the 2005 election when his slow but steady drift away from it noticeably quickened . 
   not mad at all . 
  you 're just being disrespectful towards someone who did what he was meant to do . 
  you are also being disrespectful towards someone who also does what he 's meant to do , and on top of that says something to the media once in a while . 
   he is n't directly elected by the people . 
  there 's no need to seek attention . 
  if you are not living in usa , france ( or russia :d ) the most important people in the country also are n't * directly * elected . 
   though , i understand that poles are n't familiar with good governance , professional and effective leadership . 
  until this point i still was under an impression we are trying to have a discussion here . 
  what is this , kindergarten ? 
  it 's not even * ad hominem * , wow . 
   he is trying to `` lead '' the eu just as he lead poland while he was leading poland , he was trying to be the smiling guy with good pr that wants to makes everyone happy , but never sacrifice everything , so he never offended anyone , but never did anything serious either . 
  the more i 'm happy seing his current metamorphosis . 
   horribly that is . 
  i 'm far from being tusk 's party fan , and i do n't think i 'm ever going to vote for them ( i used to be full of faith in them in 2007 , but they never really delivered on their programme ) , but if that 's * horribly * then i guess most of other countries in europe are ruled utterly disastrous . 
   because that 's exactly what van rompuy did , right ? 
  i have no idea what van rompuy did . 
  nobody knows . 
  i think i heard his name like twice , and i consider myself to be someone following politics rather extensively . 
  and i was talking about * you * , and as you clearly disagree with what tusk says i conclude that must be your opinion . 
  if that 's the case , i 'm really glad he 's making you angry . 
   why the eurocrats chose a polish politician it was either tusk as a president , or sikorski as a foreign affairs high representative . 
  the * less * hawkish option was chosen . 
   who are n't known for their professionalism oh , the preschool debate club again ? 
  some are known , some are n't . 
  lolol , someone 's mad : ddd  not an attention seeking whore that 's precisely what 's being a politican is about .
