  it 's pretty much on par with tabloids , both quality-of-reporting - and reputation-wise , and it 's only gotten worse lately . 
  only 1918 ? 
  i would n't call the elites that saw one of the major european great powers deteriorate so much it ultimately got divided between its neighbours `` great '' either . 
  oh , i know . 
  it 's just that i 'd consider pis rather moderate , boring and regular in comparison to them . 
  if pis somehow is `` far right '' according to you , i wonder how would you describe rn , korwin or even kukiz . 
   of course sld is post-commie , but nowacka is from tr . 
  nowacka is a figurehead acting as a cover for leszek miller , and sld makes up the vast majorlty of zlew . 
  vote for them is a vote for continued appearance of direct successors of pzpr in parliament . 
  it 's high time we finally got rid of this prone to corruption and embezzlement relic of soviet occupation . 
   as a prime minister she would push xxi-century left agenda . 
  perhaps , but right now it appears that they are fighting to break the electoral threshold , rather than the prime minister post , so i 'd say it 's a purely academic deliberation . 
   tr is post-commie ? 
  sld is n't ? 
   do you consider razem only left in this country that 's not post-commie ? 
  well , they certainly are the only left in current elections that has not allied itself with post-commies , endorsing them in process . 
  yeah , `` leaders '' . 
  nowacka and szyd\u0142o are complete figureheads , with miller and kaczy\u0144ski being the ones actually pulling all the strings in their respective parties . 
  kopacz 's interim and rather artificial leadership dating since tusk left to brussels last year will most likely end after she will lose elections by a landslide this week . 
   barbara nowacka does n't appear that bad , she 's quite intelligent and reasonable . 
  on the other hand she is also the representative of the post-commie party , which is an instant disqualification . 
  i eagerly await the day when the long agony of this party will finally end . 
   i would take that as a significant slighting of your situation . 
  yeah , claiming to be poles could easily backfire with some surprise anschluss to the glorious rzeczpospolita polska . 
  on the other hand , trying to usurp the identity of little , powerless lithuania comes without any repercussions . 
   these people are in peril , on the run from the most oppressive regimes in the world , i was not aware croatia is this bad . 
  i presume you do n't frequent the polish internet , this sub looks like a communist international meeting place in comparison . 
  yeah , but * here * is the european part of this site , if you did n't notice by now . 
   you have a source for that ? 
  you could literally just check wikipedia entries for those cities in order to find out . 
  and yet amazon.pl still does not exist and when buying anything there we have to `` ship from abroad '' . 
   poles manage to just be a pain in the ass for something so little . 
   union of geographs in lithuania had a `` discussion '' and polish signs in polish areas and everyone was opposing it . 
   my dad ( he 's a geographer ) said that it does n't really matter , let them have it if they want to and he got fucking bullied by others . 
  yeah mate , * poles * are the ones with a problem here , keep telling yourself that . 
  that 's simply ridiculous . 
   are not supposed to `` have something left . '', 
  who the fuck are you to tell them what are they supposed to do ? 
  i was led to believe that , you are a free , democratic country , it 's only natural one would seek their minority rights recognized . 
  the more so with the prevalent lithuanian attitude really being so hostile and chauvinistic as presented by lithuanians in this thread . 
   '' they are supposed to be people living in a country with a different nationality and not cry wolf for `` someone to help them '' it 's not like they chose to , lithuania came to them after it annexed a part of poland where they lived during the german-soviet invasion of poland in 1939 . 
   they are n't turning to russia for help , they just watch russian tv and and ger brainwashed i 'm sad they got completely abandoned by poland in the name of good relations with republic of lithuania as well . 
   if it had suceeded , we 'd have something similar to abchazia or transdniestr or a normal autonomical area , like many in europe . 
  but no , lithuanians are apparently too fucking special for something like that despite hinting that 's a real possibility for entire 1991 . 
   also , a significant part of that supposedly polish territory did n't have poles ' majority the territory as a whole had a polish majority . 
  if there were some areas within it where poles were a small minority , it could have been a subject of border correction . 
   the university staff that was working in occupied vilnius has left yeah , the conditions in lithuanian-occupied wilno after 1939 were sadly rather unsuitable for continnuation of university of wilno activity . 
   then university was russificied and completely closed in 1830 . 
  and it so happened it already became a major polish cultural and political center by then . 
  especially in times of partition . 
   t from 1579 till closing in 19th century it was n't much polish . 
  of course it was very much polish even then , for a long time it was one of the only two universities in commonwealth so it 's only natural there was great polish influence on it . 
  we 'll see , i do n't expect this to happen once again . 
   but it did not succeed . 
  it did not succeed , because the new lithuanian government disbanded it in late 1991 . 
   vilnius university had nothing to do with poland yet it was evacuated to poland in 1945 , and its professors created two new universities in poland - university of gda\u0144sk and university of toru\u0144 . 
  i expect ( and even kinda hope for ) the incoming pis government to be way colder , firm and assertive in regards to lithuania than the government ruling until now . 
  two can play this game . 
  that 's all . 
   russia ... care about poles ... riiiiight . 
  russia does n't do shit about this issue . 
  they gave poles in lithuanian ssr autonomy in late soviet union . 
  the first thing lithuanian government did after regaining independence was to shit all over it . 
  i can easily understand the sentiment . 
   polish government does care . 
  they finance a lot of educational and cultural stuff . 
  they do that everywhere in the world where poles live . 
   there 's also a university in vilnius that is using polish as official language of course there is , it existed since 1579 . 
   they do say a strong word here and there when things really heat up . 
  it does n't seem to bring any effects so far . 
  perhaps now you 'll see the real thing . 
   poland was for a over a century part of a extremely antisemitic russia half of it was . 
  in 19th century poland was occupied by * three * countries : prussia , austria and russia . 
  it 's not strange , as throughout the last 25 years polish governments completely ignored this issue wanting to have good relations with lithuania , so it 's only natural they had to turn to russia if poland did n't care about them . 
  who else they have left ? 
   we 're not gon na bend over just because . 
  good , i hope neither will we . 
  the last 25 years of bending over to you is more than enough and it 's high time it ended . 
   i 'm pretty sure they said the practice itself is ok . sure , then i guess it will be no problem for you to link me to said decision as , i 'm very interesting in seeing what was the actual wording . 
   and po prostu is not anything like polish . 
  people speaking in the first do not understand people speaking in the latter and vice versa . 
  well , then i must have some psychic powers because i do understand it , more or less . 
  on the other hand i do n't understand russian , lithuanian is complete gibberish , and with belarusian i can only grasp some random words or polish-borrowed phrases here and there . 
   good luck riding on your imaginary high horse . 
  same to you . 
  just remember that it is you who need us , and not the other way around . 
   what i was saying that 3rd party , that is more objective than any of us , said that current practice is ok . 
  they probably said that you have no legal obligation to change the current practice , not that it is ok .  you can either push what your dreams that have no grounds , or accept that and move on . 
  yeah , r. of lithuania can totally go fuck itself with this attitude for all i care . 
  at least thanks to , among others , your posts i wo n't feel any regrets anymore when voting for a party that will worsen relations with you . 
   20 years ago , none of the `` poles '' spoke polish - only russian or po prostu , which is russian , lithuanian and belorussian mix . 
  yeah , * none * of them , sure thing mate . 
  it so happens that i do heard people speaking in this dialect , and for a '' russian , lithuanian and belorussian mix . '', 
  it sounds suspiciously intelligible and like the borderlands dialect of polish . 
   then some people started pushing proper polish in polish schools . 
  at last , from what you are telling seems that damage done during the soviet times was really severe though not to the level of what happened to poles deported to kazakhstan . 
   source : some of my relatives and friends are from this background . 
  i 'm born and living in the region as well . 
  source : anecdotal evidence i could have pulled out of my ass . 
   eu ruled that current practice is ok .
