   russia 's influence has only gotten bigger every century , with every new burst of expansion . 
  russia 's red empire collapsed 25 years ago , and as of now they are smallest and weakest they have ever been since the 17th century , with future prospects suggesting that they wo n't get any stronger than that . 
   you have no concept of a europe of consent `` consent '' implies ability to say `` no '' your option visibly lacks . 
   the actual option is loosing some illusory independence or loosing all independence . 
  as long as the primary thing that guarantees our security right now still exists , which is us involvement in europe and nato , it is not . 
   honestly pathetic to watch people like you not as pathetic as people like you , who propose to willfully dissolve ourselves into some featureless , dystopian blob . 
   e , while those that want to break the cycle are to you `` breaking '' the cycle through repeating it out of our will , truly a genious idea . 
   madness , my friend , is doing the same thing again and gain , and expecting a different result there were many attempts to `` unite '' europe under one government as well - napoleon , lenin and hitler all tried and failed at it . 
   whinging autocracies , free riders oh well , if that 's how they perceive it then good riddance . 
  anyhow , if things will go horribly wrong in the future and there comes a time we 'll be forced into a binary pick of two terrible options - losing independence vs leaving , i certainly want us to pick a less bad option and do the latter . 
  hopefuly it will never come to that , though without the help of our british friends it might become increasingly harder to keep this madness from happening . 
   took state control of the publicly owned media no , they took state control of the publicly owned media from the control of the old government that no longer was in power . 
  as did every government before them , with the chain going to the very inception of the polish public media back in 1920s . 
  the eu institutions seem to be following this `` russian agenda '' then , because attempting to push for further federalization in the situation that is present right now can only end with disintegration of the eu . 
  nobody in poland wanted to exhange lw\u00f3w or wilno for stettin . 
  those lands ( which were mostly in ruins and utterly barren of anything useful in 1945 ) are also the only thing resembling war reparations we have gotten from germany after ww2 . 
   everything pis does seem to go along with the russian agenda though . 
  especially maintaining close ties with usa and brinving thousands of american soldiers to station in bases throughout poland , i 'm sure that 's somehow also a part of some elusive multilevel `` russian agenda '' according to you . 
   on top of that there definitely are some russian agents in there . 
  in a country with a strategic position such as poland , there are probably russian agents in every noteworthy party , organization or institution . 
   there are no pro-russian politicians in poland . 
  indeed . 
  i recall some guys actually did try to create a pro-russian party a few years ago , but their support was so minuscule , they failed to gather enoigh signatories supporting them to register their electoral lists . 
   mainly because of , respectively , zaolzie and wilno . 
  that 's especially funny considering that it were czechs who were the aggressive party in zaolzie conflict back in 1919 . 
  well , back in the 90s [ we did try out the system without the electoral threshold ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_parliamentary_election,_1991 ) , but what resulted from it was rather messy and dysfunctional , with 29 parties in a parliament . 
  the courts were * already * `` fucked up '' regardless of the changes . 
  but you were supposed to be talking about alleged `` human rights abuses '' , why change topic now ? 
  you repeat this mantra in every comment you have ever posted on this subreddit anyway . 
  electoral threshold results in parties having less than 5 % of the vote not getting into the parliament , and thus the remaining parties have their number of mps proportionally increased . 
   which the territories that comprised poland had been part of for over 100 + years . 
  well , that 's precisely the problem poles had with them . 
  those 100 years of having a good chunk of your country invaded and controlled by a foreign power were 100 years too much . 
  also , while there were some differences between soviet union and germany , this one was not one of them . 
  territories that comprised poland were parts of prussia/germany for exactly as long as they were of russia , as polish territories in general during the 19th century were divided between the three empires of austria , prussia/germany and russia . 
   backstabbed you ? 
  they literally invaded poland in 1919 ( while poland was focused on securing its existence against bolshevik threat ) , and occupied areas well into the ethnically polish territory , and beyond the demarkation line agreed in 1918 . 
  sounds quite a lot like a stab in the back to me . 
  yeah , i also long for the time when the british isles were united under one crown , that looked much more neat on a map . 
   many hundreds of years `` many '' meaning `` one '' in this particular case . 
  and not really `` german '' either , just controlled by germany . 
  in poland , only the duchy of warsaw is treated as a historical incarnation of an independent polish state , the ( congress ) kindgom of poland is treated as such only for the duration of the polish-russian war of 1830-31 . 
  oh , it 's only `` delusional '' to you , because one do n't really have to dig deeply to see that the escalation of violence clearly started with an organized genocidal action commited by upa against poles throughout volhynia and eastern lesser poland/galicia ) , and only afterwards there were some , on a much smaller scale and retaliatory in nature , local killings of ukrainians prepared by enraged survivors of upa genocide , or groups that heard the accounts of survivors of barbaric crimes against humanity commited by upa . 
  you even posted the biggest such massacre you could find - it happened in * 1945 * . 
  if something that happened in winter of 1945 could be `` argued that they were part of the reason behind '' the events that happened in summer of 1943 , then i have to congratulate on the incredible work of ukrainian physicists and engineers who have proven that the closed timelike curves indeed exist . 
   can , in fact , be argued that they were part of the reason behind the killings of poles . 
  we would have to assume that upa was in posession of a time travel device for that sentence to make any resemblances of sense . 
   a kuc . 
  whatever . 
   if that 's not subhuman treatment , then i do n't know what it is . 
  oh well , if different modes of establishing what a census for voting should exactly be counts as `` subhuman treatment '' , then i demand that having my wealth forcefully extorted in order to finance numerous endeavours i neither agree with , nor plan to use ( also known as paying taxes ) is also recognized as `` subhuman treatment '' . 
  back to the point , there was a time when people who happened to be serving in the military could n't vote . 
  in many instances , there also was an educational or wealth census . 
  people under the certain age ca n't vote to this day for that matter , but i do n't think you would argue that we treat 17 year olds as `` subhumans '' because they are `` denied the right to vote '' . 
   because at the point same-sex sexual relations were getting criminalised in europe the nobility were busy making sure no law gets passed . 
  no such law got passed in the interwar period either , after we regained the independence . 
   when women were still subhuman servants you are really trying to come up with the largest possible strawman , do n't you ? 
  no , they absolutely were n't . 
   icky gays were thrown in prison . 
  they actually were n't in poland at any point . 
  the `` rotten '' part implies that * before * it went to shit ( some time around 1968 ) , it used to be good . 
  and the `` distancing from it '' part simply implies that this kind of shift did not happen here and all remained as it was in `` unrotten west '' . 
  there were multiple studies done showing that conservatives , even if they disagree with them , tend to understand way better what the liberal positions and mode of reasoning actually are , than liberals understand what the conservative positions and mode of reasoning are . 
  your posts in this thread would serve as a very good illustration to that conclusion . 
  yeah , what you posted truly was a regurgitated brain fart garbage . 
  polish tourists visiting lw\u00f3w and other cities formerly owned by poland . 
   why are we building eu with this kind of country ? 
  in what way does it need to be * built * ? 
  the eu is something that simply * is * - in the form of an economical-political alliance of various countries with vaguely convergent interests , regulated by a series of international treaties . 
  what else do we have left ? 
  we have signed npt so we are not allowed to build our own nuclear deterrent . 
  and well , it worked very well the first time around ( during the napoleonic wars ) , but our french allies ultimately lost the entire conflict ( and so did we ) . 
  the second time around was indeed a collosal failure , especially considering that with the numerical and technological advantage france had over germany in 1939 , if the french * actually * did what they promised to do in polish-french treaties , germany would be swiftly defeated before the year ended . 
  the lesson one can get from that is to `` never count on the french again '' . 
  i ca n't take you seriously either . 
  our military needs to be strong enough to hold on its own against any hostile power in the world at least for a time necessary for american reinforcements to come to our aid . 
  i 'm always glad to see my country taking steps towards ensuring that goal . 
  there 's no such thing as `` too much defence spending '' when you are a country in poland 's location . 
  nice flanders - walloon border . 
   and what value does have assigning territory to some country without even looking at the population of said territory ? 
  if anything , looking at the population of said territory would make poland 's claim to it * stronger * , as majority of population on polish-administered areas invaded ( and later annexed ) by czechoslovakia in 1919-20 was also polish . 
  slovakia , bulgaria and croatia clearly did n't get the memo then . 
  unlike sudetenland , zaolzie * was * initially assigned to poland in 1918 , only to be invaded by czechoslovakia in 1919-1920 while poland was fighting for its life against soviet russia , and allies stating that they are totally cool with czechoslovak invasion of polish territory . 
   germany was hard set on total annihilation of polish state and people in mid 1939 it indeed was . 
  but that was n't the case in the slightest earlier on - in the 1934-1938 period germany repeatedly sent poland multiple offers of cooperation and alliance against ussr , which were all rejected by poland , and it was only after that when germans changed their plans in regards to poland . 
  hungary only became a landlocked country after the trianon treaty in 1920 . 
   you and other wykop trolls i 've never even been an active wykop user , and the last time i used this website was like 5 or 6 years ago , but nice try nevertheless . 
   the refugee quotas caused some major uproar in the country it caused * enough * uproar in the country to turn what would at best be a shaky pis-kukiz coallition , into a stable pis majority . 
  even if the difference in absolute numbers it caused was n't big ( though for me personally , that indeed was the last straw and the moment when i promised myself i 'm never ever going to support po again , even if they were already gradually losing my support ever since around 2010-2012 ) , the difference in * end result * was major . 
   3 parties just barely failing to make the election cut 2 parties , razem was n't even close despite doing well above expectations , and never had a chance in the first place . 
  and if the difference between po and pis was just 2-3 % lower ( which would likely be the case if not for the last minute change of mind po had on the forced distribution quotas issue ) , even those lucky circumastances would only result in pis getting 215-220 mps . 
   yep , definitely not manipulating facts here at all . 
  indeed , you surely were manipulating facts ( as often , relevant username ) , but in this and earlier post i outlined where exectly you did so . 
  poland or france would also easily manage to defend themselves from the german invasion , if germans could do it only through naval invasion . 
  and converswly , uk would n't last much more than a month , had it been connected to the rest of european continent by land . 
  so indeed , you can consider yourselves lucky that doggerland flooded some 8 thousands years ago , and germany never became a naval great power . 
  those are two primary factors that allowed uk to stay * afloat * during the ww2 . 
  invasion of crete was an order of magnitude less of an logistical endeavour than invasion of great britain would be . 
  the former was possible ( barely , and with heavy losses ) , the latter was always way beyond the capabilities of kriegsmarine . 
  yeah , is n't it nice and safe being on an island ?
