  the only thing i 'm surprised about is that it has taken 18 years for someone to abuse this loophole . 
   so what would happen if when they eventually rule on new statue and say it 's trash ? 
  then , * from that moment on * , they are supposed to be once again ruling according to the old statute/the parts of the new stature that were deemed constitutional . 
   can you imagine total mess in courts , courts that ruled on bases now invalid laws ? 
  that could well enough be an argument against tribunal considering * any * laws unconstitutional - after all , can you imagine totall mess resulting from organs of state operating for an indefinite period of time according to * now invalid laws * ? 
  do we * really * have such a `` total mess '' anytime tribunal passes a judgement ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   there was no other way to judge that bill other then according to previous one . 
  then the authors of 1997 constitution should have thought about it when writing the document , because seemingly they forgot to include a special exception to the doctrine of presumption of constitutionality that would make this course of action legally possible . 
  i do n't really watch much tv in general , but on rare occasions i do happen to watch tvp or tvn news programs , the quality and neutrality of them tends to be equally abysmal . 
  quality of other content aside , i 'd say that for news programs the ones in polsat are the closest to somewhat neutral coverage ( though it 's also the most corny one at the same time ) . 
  tvn for many years was by far the most biased station , but recently tvp started to reach their level , at times even overdoing it - in any case though , neither station is good for any other purpose than catching a glimpse what the current opposition/government propaganda for the day is . 
  all three major tv stations in poland ( tvp , polsat and tvn ) are widely considered daily mail-tier journalism . 
  people with libertarian views on economy not having any other alternative . 
  well , the camera ( and microphone ) appeared to be further away from them and closer to opposition mps . 
  you can literally find the position named `` poles '' on the very chart you you are replying to , and it so happens that they are on the very bottom of the `` percentage on welfare '' statistics . 
  reading comprehension really is n't one of your strong sides , is it ? 
  the ruling party mps were also standing and chanting `` polska ! '', 
  and `` jaros\u0142aw ! '', 
  at the same time . 
  [ the lead appears quite stable . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/polish_opinion_polling_for_the_2019_election.png ), 
  no , the crucial factor here was po 's lack of ability to recognize the prevailing opinion in polish society on that issue , which was the tipping point that turned the already bad position their party was in at the time into a * hopeless * one . 
  perhaps , but it 's still a way better option for pis than tusk returning before the 2019 parliamentary elections . 
   or it shows that that nobody else cared about the polish government vendetta that 's merely another way of putting the initial statement , namely that `` nobody cares about opinion of smaller countries '' . 
  do n't think so . 
  while at some level , germany would be second only to russia in regards to being mistrusted/disliked , in general there 's no strong and widespread antiphathy towards germany , besides groups that by this point already vote for pis , or some small right wing parties anyway . 
   how is pis taking this exactly ? 
  is there panic , outrage , amazement ? 
  they will be faking outrage , but actually the result is what they planned from the beginning . 
   did the polish government more or less campaign to prevent a compatriot being elected to one of the highest european offices ? 
  yes , but then again they 've been campaigning against tusk wherever possible for the better part of the last two decades , so it would be rather inconsistent from them to make an exception this time . 
   lastly : will this benefit the opposition ? 
  no , quite the contrary , it would be tusk returning to poland and becoming an opposition leader which would benefit the opposition . 
   the tide more or less turning for pis the support for pis has been stable at 32-38 % and strong lead in polls for the last several months , so it seems unlikely . 
   anyone willing to weigh in on whether the ruling party in poland will be able to somehow spin this to their benefit ? 
  spin ? 
  i 'd say things are going * exactly as they planned * for now - the only polish politician that was even remotely capable of becoming the leader of opposition will remain abroad for 2.5 more years , * and * they showed to domestic audience that they are against him , * and * they made a point of him being a `` german-supported candidate '' * and * they got saryusz-wolski , an experienced in foreign affairs politician , from epp . 
  pis never expected this election to end in any other way ( maybe other than winning a purely symbolical support of orban ) . 
   once it was obvious tusk had the german backing , they were fighting a losing battle . 
  i 'd argue that it was done * precisely * to show that once a candidate has a german backing , all resistance is futile . 
   poland even voted for refugee distribution for example . 
  a decision made both against the wishes of the majority of electorate , as well as contrary to the earlier official statements that poland will vote against it , which costed the former government at least several % in the 2015 elections . 
  obama was a powerful politician in the us as well , yet i do n't think the republican administration would want to back him in any international organization . 
  the situation 's analogous here . 
  that 's a one sneaky way to argue for portuexit . 
  til the first secretary of the polish commie party automatically became a cardinal of the roman catholic church as well , because that would be the only situation in which your comparison would even remotely make sense . 
  poles in lithuania are an autochthonic ethnic minority that ended up in a foreign country due to ww2 era border changes , arabs living in parts of w. europe are immigrants . 
  poles are an ethnic minority , not an immigrant group . 
  they do n't have to `` integrate '' ( as in lose their own culture while living in their homeland ) . 
   only 5.6 % speaks it . 
  it 's irrelevant considering that this 5.6 % is concentrated mostly in one part of the country , and in many municipalities they even form local majorities . 
  such a situation would be way more than enough to warrant a recognized local official language in pretty much any other eu country , but of course lithuania have to be a special snowflake . 
   is besides the point , if you want rule of law and democracy ? 
  then you accept the court . 
  a system that only accepts the court decision when it is `` right '' does not really give any real power to a court . 
  the constitution states that parliament shall specify in a statute the exact way constitutional court shall operate . 
  it 's a constitutional norm . 
  yet apparently , the court is free to completely ignore that statute , because `` you have to accept the court '' . 
  that 's what * did * happen from january 2016 onwards , and that 's when i ultimately settled on accepting that neither side is correct here . 
   they nominated 5 people , it turned out only 3 of them was done in a correct way . 
  they nominated 5 people , * fully knowing * they only have 3 slots available at most . 
  then they harassed the president to immediately appoint all five of them . 
   they never ignored courts that 's because they already put friendly judges into courts , so courts never questioned their controversial decisions ( like nationalizing hundreds of billions of savings on private retirement funds accounts ) pretending that everything is alright instead . 
   this is not normal , i would be out on the streets if it happened in finland . 
  courts operating differently than specified in statute is also not normal . 
   you clearly do not understand constitutional law . 
  i do . 
  and i am very critical of the current polish constitution , it 's not a good document - i was too young to vote in the 1997 referendum when it barely passed , but would definitely vote against it . 
  i hope the current mess will contribute to highlighting its flaws enough , that it will be replaced by some better document one day . 
   the only one with authority to decide what is wrong or right is the constiutional court . 
  the constitutional court is a partisan institution in poland , and it was shown multiple times by numerous questionable rulings , and ultimately its blatant disregard to the very constitution they were supposed to interpret . 
  the current situation is an end result of former po government and the po-aligned court on one side , and the new pis government on other side , trying to screw each other up on multiple levels wherever possible , and as neither side was correct in doing what it did , i can support neither . 
   pis can not just claim that a constitutional court is wrong . 
  but they can do what all the other polish parties since the inception of the court did - put judges aligned with their own party into it , so the rulings are what they like them to be , and in case they lose the election one day , have the court act as the third chamber of parliament . 
  i 'd actually say it 's even a bit more often nowadays than 1-2 years ago according to my personal observations , but maybe that 's just pure chance . 
  the constitutional court ( that already was fully taken over by the previous ruling party by then ) completely ignored the legally binding statute regulating the way it should operate passed by the new legislative , even though article 197 of constitution clearly states that `` organizacj\u0119 trybuna\u0142u konstytucyjnego oraz tryb post\u0119powania przed trybuna\u0142em okre\u015bla ustawa . '', 
  * ( the organization of the constitutional tribunal , as well as the mode of proceedings before it , shall be specified by statute . 
  ) * , and continued to proceed according to old , obsolete statute instead . 
  that was the moment i was fully convinced both sides are worth each other . 
  it 's precisely because in the age of information young people can now easily see what leftist policies ultimately lead to in countries that already pursued them , and unsurprisingly young people in poland did n't really like it . 
   why do you think think you would have many immigrants we already do . 
  it sometimes feels here in warsaw as if half of ukraine immigrated here . 
   and it is wrong to say that the previous government `` started it '' it 's not wrong to say that , considering that it 's a * fact * that the previous govenment * did * unconstitutionally appoint new tribunal judges right before the election , fully on purpose and with the sole motivation of screwing the presumptive new government over . 
  as for the next elections , [ take a look at the polling trends . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/polish_opinion_polling_for_the_2019_election.png ), 
  i do , precisely because she 's anti-eu . 
  [ quite likely . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_separatism_in_khuzestan ), 
  and hungary . 
  one of korwin-mikke 's primary goals is to `` make leftists butthurt '' , and it would appear that he is largely succesful in achieving it . 
   why would citizenship of separatists override their citizenship ? 
  for the exact same reason german colonists who settled in german-occupied poland during the ww2 and had a german citizenship , including their children already born in occupied poland , did not recieve the polish citizenship after the war ended , while poles who had a polish citizenship before the war continued to have their polish citizenship after the war ended . 
  all estonians born before 1940/1944 definitely had an estonian citizenship at the time of ussr collapse . 
  citizens of an occupied country generally do n't lose their citizenship just because their country is occupied by a foreign power . 
  because they do n't sell anything else . 
   that said , there have been substantial reparations , $ 525 billion according to wikipedia this wikipedia article states that amount of damage germany inflicted on poland would result in * potential reparations * worth around $ 525 billion , not that anything even slightly resembling that ammount * was paid * by germany . 
  in fact , the very next sentence states that they * were n't * and that `` west germany had n't paid reparations to non-jewish recipients for the damage inflicted in poland until the gierek-schmidt agreement signed in 1975 in warsaw , then it gave poland 1.3 billion dm . 
   but ww2 reparations have been settled . 
  how convenient for germany that they were `` settled '' before you paid a dime of them to us .
