   by not aiding us you will directly help russia which will undermine your national security . 
  ukrainian conflict is a gigantic money and resources sink for russia , thus it 's not really that bad our national security , as it makes russia waste resources they could otherwise invest somewhere more harmful to us . 
  and frankly , why would we want to aid one hostile to us country against other hostile to us country ? 
  both of them are worth each other , and i am very sad to say that as i used to be a great supporter of helping ukraine back in 2014 . 
  quite the contrary - as ukraine does not pose any danger to us as long as russia is their enemy , it 's only them who are in need of good relations with us , not the other way around . 
  and ukrainians seem pretty eager on squandering all the good will and positive image they had towards them in poland after getting attacked by russia . 
  as long as ukraine will keep treating historical figures who commited genocide on poles as their national heroes , we wo n't be allies - and frankly it 's ukrainians who should care about having friendly relations with us , as poland * do n't * need ukraine , after all it 's not like you 'll suddenly ally with russia anymore . 
  well , bad for ukraine then - purposefuly deciding to destroy their relations with their biggest friendly neighbor as if they did n't have enough problems already . 
  a prerequisite for `` friendly allied ukraine '' is ukraine which happens not to glorify criminals from upa who commited the volhynia genocide . 
  the choice whether they want to have good relations with poland lies entirely on ukraine - and looking at their actions so far , it appears that they do n't . 
  nah , in poland journalists are divided into pro-government journalists , working for media outlets biased in favour of the government , and opposition journalists , working for media outlets biased against the government . 
  there are no `` only journalists '' , as there exist no neutral media outlets . 
  ( in reply to post # 3 )  poles also did ethnically cleanse ukrainians . 
  there indeed were several smaller massacres , done in revenge * after * dozens of thousands of poles were murdered by ukrainians . 
  even considering that , the number of victims was an order of magnitude smaller than the other way around . 
   and even before that pilsudsky invaded western parts of ukraine . 
  ... or ukraine invaded [ eastern parts of poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_lemberg_ ( 1918 \\ ) ) . 
  there were no internationally recognized borders at the time , and those areas , especially eastern galicia , were ethnically mixed to the level resembling former yugoslavia . 
   trying to portray upa like some guys who out of nowhere did bad things to unguilty poles is a huge bias . 
  the fact that poles were n't nice to ukrainians ( though when some interwar polish politicians attempted to give ukrainians autonomy , upa responded by attempting to assasinate them and commiting terrorist attacks ) does n't make upa actions in 1943/44 not a genocide . 
   it always happens the same way . 
  first libertarian daniel hannan agitates for brexit , and then pm theresa may throws all of that out . 
  the same goes for trump and all the libertarians who support him , like stephan molyneux . 
  as i already said - i did * not * vote for the current ruling party , primarily out of my concerns that the economic model they propose will not allow us to fully catch up to western europe within the next several decades . 
  on the other hand , i also do n't automatically criticize everything they do ( especially considering that major opposition parties are not any better ) , and when they do something right once in a while i give them credit for that . 
   with such a big ukraine between , you are not enemies . 
  kaliningrad oblast , one of the most militarized areas in the world , where russian nuclear warheads targeting all our major cities are stationed , is less than 300km from our capital . 
  and then there 's belarus , which will certainly let russians pass through . 
  as much as i like the fact that there is a partial ukrainian buffer between us and russia , it does n't make us fully safe , just prevents us from being attacked from three sides . 
   molotov-ribbentrop style pacts are common in such situations between far right governments . 
  and what exactly would we get from it , the poorest area in europe with economy on the level of moldova or subsaharan africa , and a few millions of hostile foreign population ? 
  truly an amazing deal , is n't it ? 
  lw\u00f3w is the only even remotely valuable thing we would gain in such situation , and even then - what historically used to make it the second most important polish city was its unique polish community , vast majority of which was either murdered during ww2 , or deported to western poland after ww2 finished . 
  so in fact , even in that case we would only get an impoverished city full of hostile foreign population , with the only valuable asset being a bunch of old polish landmarks and historical treasures . 
  that still would n't bring the historical polish city of lw\u00f3w back , as it was forever destroyed during the ww2 . 
  to sum up , such scenario is utter absurd as there 's absolutely nothing to gain for poland from it . 
  and if ukraine really considers such tinfoil a serious concern - well , in such case it 's rather stupid of ukraine to alienate poland by gloryfying criminals from upa , do n't you think ? 
   cheap rhetoric . 
  the party leader is very consistent in that opinion , considering that he held it for the last 50 years , including the time he spent in anti-communist opposition . 
  truly a long con , is n't it ? 
   amount of local anti-semitism compensated for that . 
  sure , that 's why poles are the most numerous nationality on the [ righteous among the nations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_righteous_among_the_nations_by_country ) list . 
   to sum up , poland has an anti-european far right government right now poland has a mildly eurosceptic right wing government . 
   who slowly but steadily moves towards greater friendship with russia no such thing happened . 
   and greater animosity towards european union greater focus on keeping the european union an alliance of sovereign european nations rather than federal superstate . 
   as a part of a larger trend of world trumpism completely unrelated , as the party was a major force in polish politics long before trump came to prominence . 
  in fact , they already were in power back in 2005-2007 , though they did n't manage to do much back then as they ruled in a very unstable coallition with small populist parties . 
   and unfriendly moves and bias against ukraine by polish sejm which are only a reaction to unfriendly moves and bias against poland by ukrainian werchowna rada . 
   it will end badly , but justly , like it should . 
  indeed , ukraine is already severely weakened by twenty five years of bad economic model , and two years of russian-backed military operations against them . 
  now they only need to insult every country holding any friendly feelings towards them and willing to help them , so their quest in becoming the first european country poorer than subsaharan africa will be successful . 
  sadly i ca n't even reply to the actual comment , as your posts , thanks to their low quality , do n't seem to show up anymore - but here we go :  streets , that were named after russian people and places before . 
  it 's obviously anti-russian movements , and you would see something offensive there only if you really wanted to . 
  nobody has a problem with changing names of streets ( in fact , it 's good thing to do , we renamed most of commie street names years ago as well ) , the problem is with the new patrons ukrainians have chosen for those streets , who in many cases happen to be figures connected with the 1943-44 genocide of poles . 
   and i see that you are a fan of far right ruling party of poland , not really , for example my views on economy are rather libertarian , while current government 's are almost opposite of that . 
   so you probably want your country to form some kind of anti-european fascist international together with russia . 
  together with russia ? 
  our # 1 enemy for the last 400 years and counting ? 
  the most funny part of this delirium is that the current ruling party in poland is the one opposing russia the strongest out of all major polish parties , half of the current government is comprised of people with almost paranoidally anti-russian views , and the party leader publicly accuses russians of murdering his brother , the polish president , by bombing his plane . 
  seems like `` anti-european fascist international together with russia '' any moment now , totally . 
   well , as i 've said , it 's not the first time . 
  poland divided czechoslovakia together with germany and it worked out fantastically in the end . 
  `` divided '' , phrasing makes it sound almost as if we took entire slovakia , while germans got czechia . 
  indeed , poland annexed from czechoslovakia a small , 800 sq km border strip , that was awarded to poland in 1919 but czechoslovakia invaded and annexed it while we were fighting soviets . 
  poland did it with * no * prior consultation or cooperation with germany , a few day after the munich conference ended , while germans were already taking sudetenland . 
  indeed , not the brightest hour of poland , but as for `` working out fantastically in the end '' , it had exactly zero influence on the final outcome . 
   too sad you did n't learn from history that collaborating with fascists is a bad thing . 
  unlike in france , norway , or even ukraine , in poland there never was any large scale collaboration with nazi germany during the ww2 . 
   you 're trying to erase your history by banning phrases instead . 
  quite the contrary , banning such deceitful phrases was done to * prevent * erasing of our history , as all the ww2 death camps on german-occupied polish territory were fully designed , built and operated by nazi germany . 
  israel , as well as many other countries , bans * certain phrases * connected with holocaust denial . 
  so do we , but in our case this ban also includes denial of the nazi german responsibility for their concentration camp system , which happens to be what you keep doing itt . 
   well , it means you 'll learn the same lesson the hard way . 
  your delirium strikes again , and it 's getting more and more hillarious . 
  to sum up , i rate your trolling in this thread 3/10 , there was some potential due to clever moving of goalposts , but it ultimately falls flat as some of your claims are way too ridiculous , and that completely breaks the immersion . 
   now ukraine attacks poland . 
  nah , `` attacks '' is quite a strong word here , as so far ukraine only glorified preparators of a genocide on poles by naming streets after them , building them monuments and passing resolutions in parliament proclaiming them their national heroes - as well as having some marches in their support once in a while . 
  while not really an `` attack '' , ukraine 's actions so far are certainly enough to cause a diplomatic incident and significantly worsen our relations - which they did . 
   when it does n't make any sense for them to do that . 
  but that 's precisely my point - it does n't make * any sense * for them to destroy their quite friendly relations with poland by embracing an organiation responsible for a genocide of poles - yet they do exactly that . 
  purposefuly insulting ones biggest friendly neighbour seems to be a rather inconsiderate action , especially when one already suffers from an ongoing hostile agression and could use any help with that . 
  the rest of your post was some utter delirium irrelevant to the conversation . 
   while trying to manufacture conflicts with your neighbours generally speaking , a good tip for remaining in good relations with your neighbours would be not to publicly , and in many cases oficially , glorify preparators of the genocide commited against nationals of those neighbours . 
  seems that ukraine is yet to understand that simple idea , thus they manufacture a conflict with poland , while maintaining friendly relations with us would seem to be a much preferable course of action for a country in such a hard situation like ukraine . 
   any numbers to back up the claim of `` biggest ammount '' ? 
  the claim is rather self-explanatory , considering that no other country glorifies genocidal upa criminals on the scale ukraine does . 
   the smallest amount of nationalists in the parliament , yet somehow has the biggest ammount of various memorials , statues , street names or marches commemorating and gloryfying criminals who commited the 1943-1944 genocide of poles in volhynia and galicia . 
  not exactly , the disputed claim was `` i doubt some of your family members living in areas of poland invaded by soviets were murdered by them , because the soviets were operating on territories inhabited by belarusians and ukrainians '' , while there were over five million poles living in that area as well . 
   soviets were operating on territories inhabited by belarussians and ukrainians ) what a ridiculous claim , areas of poland invaded and annexed by ussr in 1939 were inhabited by 13.3 mln people , out of that 5.27 mln people were poles who , at 39 % of population , were the single largest ethnic group . 
  they were followed by ukrainians ( 36 % ) , belarusians ( 15 % ) and jews ( 8 % ) . 
  [ map for visualization of geographical spread of local pluralities/majorities . 
  out of people in my family who died during ww2 , more were killed by soviets in the 1939-41 period , than by germans during the entire war . 
   funnily enough , neither does kaczynski . 
  pis has been gradually losing support since winning the elections [ so much for them `` gradually losing support '' . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/polish_opinion_polling_for_the_2019_election.png ) in fact , if they keep the current pace of `` losing support '' , they will be on the best way to comfortably winning the next election . 
   source ? 
  i remembered a number from some older poll , 1/10 seems to be a more recent result then . 
   according to mb about 67 % of poles supported the protests . 
  supported the protests against making legislation more strict , which is a completely different thing to supporting making legislation less strict . 
   i do n't think a decrease is probable under those circumstances .
