  i have already answered your question . 
  and things happening on the other side of the world would be relevant to the situation * in europe * exactly how ? 
  in europe ? 
  russia without contest . 
   that 's very true , although i 'd say that current similarities to polish language stem from us sharing a country for a while i read somewhere that you actually went to great lenghts in order to exterminate all traces of polish language in lithuanian at the end of 19th century . 
   even though the language is totally different . 
  the difference being in this case , that it 's not * totally * different . 
  even your grammar is quite similar from the brief exposition i had when i was on a trip to ~ ~ wilno ~ ~ lithuania . 
   there is no mutual intelligibility . 
  baltic languages still look like the closest non-slavic relatives to , say , polish . 
  they are definitely much more similar than for example germanic or romance ones - while not to the level of being understandable without prior knowledge , you can encounter a familiar-looking word root there more often than in any other language group . 
  hungary is not a third world country . 
  it might not be filthy rich like few lucky countries , but it does n't mean people do n't buy cars there . 
   get social benefits we do n't even give social benefits to the native , tax-paying population around here , so i wonder how would you justify giving free money to some alien foreigners . 
  good luck . 
   those who sit in creepy tents in greece or italy would come to eastern europe if given a chance . 
  in order to sit in crappy tents in a colder climate ? 
  sounds like a great deal for all parties involved . 
   there 's lots of people not from the eu here . 
  and there are more people from the eu countries than all the people from non-eu countries combined in here . 
  most likely by a significant marign . 
  i would be really surprised if that was n't the case . 
   tells you he 's not from the us yeah , that really narrows things down on a mostly european subreddit . 
  also , you can easily imagine situation in which an american believes in `` european unity '' and thus sets such flair to support it - who knows . 
  completely ignoring the existence of poles living in lithuania seems to be among our national principles since at least 1991 , so i have no idea why you would expect that . 
  i do n't get what ideology has to do with a flair indicating location of the particular user either . 
   i do n't think so . 
  you seem to be changing your mind really fast then , as you just said in your previous post that that you use it in this exact way . 
   eu flag is mostly used to show support for european unity . 
  thus it meets all the requirements of an `` useless meme flag '' . 
   i do n't believe in weak individual nation states . 
  while `` weak individual nation states '' continue to exist completely unaffected by the state of your belief in them . 
  well , considering that our rzeczpospolita was an exact opposite of the russian empire in almost all ways imaginable including the system of government , national values or cultural inspirations , i am also interested in how it would turn out . 
  all it tells me is `` i guess this guy is from somewhere in eu '' . 
  which on an european subreddit is almost as good as no flair at all . 
  yeah , my rough translation of it would be `` an otter 's pup will snatch another otter 's pup from an otter '' . 
   why is the gdp per capita for poland approximately half of the same for sweden ? 
  believe or not , reaching the gdp per capita of one of the richest countries in the world in 25 years , when unlike us said country had all the time in the world to grow its gdp is not an easy feat . 
  my personal favourite is `` wydrze wydrz\u0119 wydrze wydrze wydrze wydrz\u0119 . '', 
  we already have le meme flags in here - namely the `` earth '' one or that black one . 
  and then there 's also that useless eu-flag flair . 
  for the same reason italians , swedes or austrians would be upset if called `` eastern europe '' . 
  by speech patterns . 
  russian trolls use very characteristic ones . 
   so yeah , lithuanian language was language of gdl but it was n't it for long , and by 15th or 16th century the only ones to speak it were illiterate peasants from \u017bmud\u017a , who made a very small percentage of duchy 's population and were completely irrelevant . 
  entirety of gdl ruling class and administration long shifted to old ruthenian and polish . 
  and i am of the same opinion , though your attitude towards and treatment of our minority in your country certainly does n't help our relations . 
   polish people acting superior while being in a minority well , they live in a territory conquered by a foreign country , with foreign culture being imposed by a foreign state ruling over them - it really sucks to be them . 
  let them have their own little feeling of superiority at least !, 
   having none . 
  our minorities were either murdered by nazis or shipped away by soviets , and that 's why we are treating the little we have left with utmost care . 
  if you considered us your enemy , then the situation becomes even more clear . 
  good for you . 
  stalin definitely deserves a big statue in your capital , as the man solely responsible for the fact that it belongs to you right now . 
  you were the first to play foul , by signing a treaty with our enemy which included areas just taken by our enemy from us . 
   am just trying to explain to you why lithuanians find polish people in vilnius repulsive . 
  and i am just trying to explain to you why i find lithuanians finding polish people in vilnius repulsive repulsive . 
  exactly . 
  \u017beligowski 's action was exactly as baseless ( or justified ) as your earlier treaty with bolsheviks , glad that you agree . 
   also what other countries objected besides poland , your allies french you should rather ask what other countries besides those who were directly affected by it * gave a shit * . 
  and it so happened that only poland was . 
   and it 's not like there were good chunk of lithuanians there , and it 's not like it was historical/ethnic border as every census , from imperial russian through imperial german to interwar polish ones shown no , there * was n't * a good chunk of lithuanians there , and it ( more or less ) * was * an ethnic border . 
  historical borders were definitely out of fashion then , see : what happened to hungary . 
  yeah , it only costed you becoming a part of the soviet union for 50 years , congratulations . 
   nah i do n't trust this map , at least for portions of it the data for the part in interwar-lithuania was for obvious reasons less reliable than for the part in poland . 
   because simply bolshevik piece deal offered bigger tracts of land well , bolsheviks wanted to make relations between poland and lithuania as bad as possible so of course they did it . 
  they have lost their war with us though , so any deal they could possibly offer you was groundless . 
   that were considered ethnic part of lithuania , even if poles or belarusians made up majority . 
  and exactly this kind of thinking is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  you considered areas where you were a minority ( and a really small one , i 'd add ) an `` ethnic part '' of your country , and threw a big tantrum when other countries called on such bullshit . 
  pi\u0142sudski was very enthusiastic about intermarium in 1919 , but it turned out that this enthusiasm was not shared by lithuanians ( of course excluding the polish-majority areas in the region ) . 
  in the end , and i 'd say unfortunately for us all 20 years later , poland decided to give up on the idea of recreating the commomwealth in either federation or close alliance form . 
   while lithuanias wanted country based on ethnic border and lithuania got its wish granted , as we * did * have a border between poland and lithuania based on ethnic lines - which you can easily see on [ this map . 
   your point was that people living there were polish , they * were * polish . 
   now you admit that they were lithuanian just adopted to polish culture because of the influence from poland . 
  ... and that would make them less polish exactly how ? 
  they are as polish as a random guy from little poland who only had west slavic ancestors for the last 40 generations , a guy who has ancestors that came to poland 700 years ago as german settlers and assimilated , or a guy whose great-great-great-great-grandfather came to poland from western europe to avoid religious discrimination . 
   they live in lithuania for a while now , they should start integrating into the culture why ? 
  who are you to tell them how they should live ? 
  perhaps you are just jelly because your culture is not attactive enough for them to assimilate willingly : dd, 
  well , from our perspective ( in 1920 ) \u017beligowski only retook a regular polish city we have lost to bolsheviks three months earlier . 
  the fact that soviets already managed to gift this area to lithuania in the meantime was pretty much irrelevant . 
   you still insist on this . 
  it was never the point of this discussion . 
  it was * the exact point * of my initial comment , which was what sparked this big multi-thread discussion . 
   and that led to poles moving to lithuania immigrating not really , great majority of that was locals ( including the ruling class ) willingly assimilating to the more attractive polish culture , polish immigration in absolute numbers was negligible . 
   might also immagine how people of lithuania felt slowly getting overtaken by poland considering that in large part they were already calling themselves `` poles '' for a long time , i 'd say they were mostly indifferent about that . 
   polish immigration into lithuania was actually the one that took it way too far . 
  nah , there really was no large scale immigration - it was more that a large part of ruthenian and baltic population gradually became polish due to natural cultural process and they were acknowledged as such by the rest of polish nation . 
  `` lithuanian '' in polish language was commonly used in the same way `` silesian '' or `` masovian '' - to describe a regional subset of poles . 
  well , you only took those two districts from us after all . 
  two districts or one municipality , they deserve their minority rights all the same . 
   polonized lithuanians in a way . 
  it 's true that their ancestors ten or fifteen generations ago assimilated to the polish culture from their own will , but they are not any less polish because of that . 
  you are not any less american because your great-grandfather was irish . 
   russians managed to fit in while still keeping their traditions how are poles unable to do . 
  because russians * are * immigrants in this particular case . 
  poles are not , they are living in the exact same place their ancestors lived . 
   this whole issue exists not only in vilnius , you might have noticed how people in uk or sweden dislike muslim immigrants who take over and try to push towards control except the whole point of this discussion is that * you lithuanians * are the equivalent of `` muslims '' in that region , not local poles . 
   region was illegal by that line of thinking , lithuanian declaration of independence was also illegal .
