  i am sincerely surprised by top2 article in polish wikipedia . 
  almost as much as by top1 in german one . 
  i consider taiwan a country . 
  so i consider prc . 
  these are two conflicted chinese governments , and taiwan is the one that lost most of international recognition . 
  at one point it was even a permanent member of united nations security council though . 
  kosovo on the other side is an entity which unilaterally declared independence from serbia . 
  only difference between kosovo and other states ( like northern cyprus or abkhasia ) which done the same thing is that kosovo is the only one of them supported by usa . 
  that does n't make it a real country automatically . 
  i do n't support violation of neither georgian nor serbian territorial integrity . 
  edit : spelling, 
   that 's not true . 
  kosovo is recognized by the majority of countries in the world . 
  well , you got me here , my informations were outdated . 
  as for today 98 out of 193 un members states ( 50.8 % ) recognize kosovo . 
  my other points are still valid though . 
  and taiwan is entirely different story , as it is the legitimate government of china on exile . 
  well , republic of cyprus ( the greek one ) is . 
  northern cyprus - not really . 
  same for kosovo , somaliland , abkhasia , south ossetia , transnistria , nagorno karabakh and many more . 
  what all those entities have in common ? 
  they are n't in un and are n't recognized by majority of countries in the world . 
  but they are n't even a real country . 
  how could they join nato ? 
  on the other hand nato is already there , from the very beginning . 
  kosovo is the largest nato base in europe after all . 
   serbia followed a policy of colonization inside kosovo wait , what ? 
  was n't albanians the ones who colonised beforehand serbian kosovo during last several hundred years ? 
  oh , your flair . 
  before 1990 we had other problems , for example socialist occupational government . 
  and that little human rights or freedom of speech things . 
  worst things : high taxes , high prices , low wages , shitty politics , shitty healthcare , shitty infrastructure , shitty administration , shitty pension system aka ponzi scheme and shitty football league best things : vodka , lack of violent and culturally alien immigrants from third world countries ( because honestly , who would even consider coming here in the first place ? ), 
  well actually noone treat that silesian separatist movement seriously . 
  not even silesians themselves . 
  only thing that deny them access to schooling and work are themselves . 
  yeah , the german border - sure . 
  belarus though is like poland 20 years ago , but even poorer . 
  you are not even trying , commie . 
  2/10 , try again, 
  you are really funny guy . 
  everything you write is like exact caricature of how stereotypical conservatives imagine stereotypical leftists . 
   karl marx ( germany 's most influential philosopher , for better or worse ) you should also consider hitler - germany 's most influential leader , for better or worse . 
  ouch , we are now only 11th ? 
  i remember that just 2 years ago polish wikipedia was 4th largest in the world afrer english , german and french . 
  yeah , i played erepublik ... in 2009 and 2010 , before it was completely destroyed by update to v2 . 
  game never recovered since then . 
  so we are now allied with serbia and hungary ? 
  i remember them as our old enemies from peace alliance . 
  yeah , but first they must ally with russia . 
  sorry , english is not my native language and i understood you wrong . 
  [ you mean there are now 0.2 % muslims in uk ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_the_united_kingdom ) cool , seems it 's 1960 again . 
  where can i buy my the beatles tickets ? 
  good luck finding eu in 1948 . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ea/ethnographic_map_of_hungary_1910_by_teleki_carte_rouge.jpg/800px-ethnographic_map_of_hungary_1910_by_teleki_carte_rouge.jpg as you can see on this map hungarians were clearly harmed in trianon . 
  i 'm thinking mostly about southern slovakia , but also about transilvania . 
  http://i.imgur.com/tmc0v.png this map show early xxi century distribution of hungarian population . 
  i marked approximate borders : * red line - historical kingdom of hungary * black line - 1940 border imagine it 's 1920 again and we are going to draw borders . 
  southern transilvania obviously should go to romania as romanians were and are clear majority there . 
  northern transilvania - well , here things are becoming tricky . 
  i personally think northern part should remain in hungary . 
  you can say `` well , but then there are romanians left in hungary '' . 
  sure they are , but so are now hungarians in romania , and at least this way lands remain with historical owner . 
  of course it was always impossible to draw continuous fair hungarian-romanian border but of three we had in xx century ( kingdom of hungary border , trianon border , vienna award border ) i think about black one ( maybe with some corrections in favor for romania ) as the most fair . 
  it does n't really matter anymore in 2012 . 
  however i still think hungarian borders could be drawn better in trianon . 
  i might be alone on that , but as an outside observer i personally think the 1940 romanian-hungarian border ( after the second vienna award ) was the most fair one . 
  it was reversed after war though as it was granted by nazis . 
  why there is kosovo on this maps ? 
  it 's not an un member state . 
  if kosovo was marked , why not also show abkhazia , south ossetia , northern cyprus , or maybe even nagorno-karabakh and transnistria ? 
   got all our lands back ... and a lot of not at all yours land as an accidental bonus , i guess . 
  you already got all your land back by 1667 , the rest was just plain old russian imperialism and expansionism , the only thing you are good at . 
  but it always were `` evil europeans '' who invaded you for no reason , sure . 
  know your pain , merely 1500 kilometers of 140km/h roads here . 
   politicians have broken campaign promises time and again over the past 10 years , which has contributed to my personal cynical look on democracy in general ; i thought this was the case pretty much everywhere ? 
  it would probably be easier to list countries where ruling parties have * not broken * most of their campaign promises over the past 10 years . 
  my urge to complain about completely ignoring half of europe grew exponentially with each city , but fortunately there was one token belgrade at the very end , so that 's totally not the case . 
   1901 pretty much everyone non-wasp was ostracized back then . 
  how dumb of russia then , to create a situation that not only weakens them , but also strenghtens the us . 
  pretending to domestic audience they still are a superpower was surely worth it, 
  yeah , i recall the book sold well in poland because it predicted we will become an important and powerful country once again . 
  [ those guys we are using right now ] ( http://www.rei.com/pix/expertadvice/articles/ea6041_type_e_belgium.gif ) look safe enough for me . 
  actually , they seem even safer than the uk type , as unlike yours i do n't think they could pierce through your foot if you accidentally stepped on them in the dark . 
  well , there goes the dream of standarized plugs . 
  as if europeans would ever surrender to that british abomination . 
  * republic * of europe ? 
  never . 
  though i would surely welcome the empire of europe . 
  what are you even doing in this thread ? 
  how are * you * even relevant ? 
  subscribers of / r/european also tend to eat , breathe and shit . 
  you might consider avoiding doing those things as well . 
  as opposed to bia\u0142o-ru\u015b in polish ? 
  : ddd, 
  yeah , it 's like a beta version . 
   that 's still mighty high for a word `` occupation '' yeah , an illegal puppet government , brought and imposed by an enemy foreign power after murdering , arresting and disbanding the remnants of pre-war polish administration . 
  the one that took power and survived only thanks to soviet backing . 
  totally not occupation . 
   it 's obviously about how we look and things and who we want the guilty party to be .
