  yeah , for example just look at the [ stalinist methods of austrian government . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irving_trial ), 
   yes , slavs were not exterminated the way the jews were . 
  nah , 1/5 of poland 's population somehow just disappeared mysteriously during the war . 
   as government seeks to ban mention of holocaust role `` holocaust role '' , it 's as if they are not even trying to appear factual or objective anymore : dd the only `` role '' of poland 's government in holocaust was that back in 1939 it failed to field an army strong enough to repel the invading german army , which resulted in countless atrocities commited by the government of * germany * on polish territory occupied by it , for example building a system of * german * death camps . 
   niche piece of a magazine hardly anyone reads you mean the 3rd biggest weekly in poland , bigger than * wprost * ? 
  i presume * newsweek * or * polityka * are considered `` niche pieces of magazine hardly anyone reads '' by you as well , considering that their circulation is only a bit bigger than that of * wsieci * ? 
  mission accomplished . 
  at some level one reaches the point where a claim can be simply described as `` plainly untrue '' , and any deliberations whether or not one plainly untrue claim is `` a teensy little bit more ridiculous '' than the other one become purposeless . 
  this is such a case . 
  not really , as both appear completely untrue even on a very first glance . 
  you could n't really get more ` ridiculous ' than that even if you claimed that moon was made of cheese . 
  only for some complete historical ignorant one of those two sentences would seem less ridiculous than the other . 
  yes , and it 's irrelevant for poles how exactly guardian translated it ( and there 've been numerous implications itt that we simply * misunderstood * ) , because polish translation of this phrase most polish posters are familiar with ( as it was all over our media a while ago ) conveys the meaning exactly as good as the original version . 
  what he meant was understood * very well * , and hence the outrage . 
  the only way in which we have failed to save the jews living in poland was us losing a defensive war to germany in september 1939 . 
  this one is definitely worth apologizing to jews , but that 's about where the responsibility of poland ( as a state ) for holocaust ends . 
   he said poles killed more jews than poles killed germans i do n't know what 's with this strawman in this thread coming from ridiculous assumption that for whatever reason most poles commenting here have read those words in * english * and simply did n't understad what he meant . 
  no , we have dativ in polish as well and it 's being translated as `` polacy zabili wi\u0119cej \u017byd\u00f3w ni\u017c niemc\u00f3w '' in polish which is rather straightfoward on the meaning you have `` discovered '' . 
  most importantly , it does n't even make any difference . 
  both claims are exactly as absurdal , outraging and untrue . 
  as if that would make it any better . 
  i know what he means , it 's just that * both * statements are equally as ridiculous . 
  post-german areas are the least populated parts of poland , so i do n't think so . 
  the `` responsibility of collaborators '' is not a subject of this law . 
  that 's not what this law is about , as it 's about combating increasingly frequent nonsense like `` polish death camps '' or other accusations of polish complicity with nazi germany on * national * level , which is a falsification of history on par with holocaust denial . 
   will be used to deny real polish responsibility what would be this `` real polish responsibility '' you are talking about ? 
  the republic of poland had nothing to do with numerous atrocities commited by the german government on our territory during the ww2 . 
  this one has been in kk since 1997 . 
  i wo n't say it 's good because i am against * any * freedom of speech restrictions on principle , but considering that we already have similar laws against holocaust denial nothing new will be implemented here . 
  * as a society we got somewhat immunized to leftism . 
  that 's about it . 
   lets say when russia starts bullying the baltics ( i hope it wont happen ) or any other eastern european country in that case will the solution be to build a fence around germany , austria italy and greece ? 
  well , the only country we count on in case of such thing happening is usa anyway . 
  germany & friends remaining indifferent would already exceed our expectations , better that than stab our backs . 
   something is telling me he would not be so hated were he a real pole rather than jewish . 
  something is telling me that his bad reputation has more to do with him spouting his unscientific slanders rather than with with his national identification . 
   see - we baltics have things figured out . 
  yeah , one almost needs a magnifying glass to find you , definitely puts you among strong contenders in case of a hide and seek contest . 
  both, 
  either way , both statements would be equally as incorrect . 
  housing is significantly more expensive in we , while cars cost around the same everywhere . 
   i was liberal and progressive until i saw the rule of donald tusk 's liberals in poland . 
   it 's very cheap , it 's `` very cheap '' perhaps if you come here on holidays with your german wage . 
  considering the local wages to local prices ratio , germany is way cheaper than poland . 
  whatever , hungary will hopefuly make this `` rule of law review '' theatrics completely moot either way . 
   it reveals how little poland values freedom of expression , freedom of press , non-state controlled media interestingly enough , i woul n't consider the current state of affairs in germany on any of those particular three matters to be better than the one in poland , quite the contrary actually . 
   and the satire is currently doing a wonderful job . 
  yeah , at showing how germans completely fail to produce anything even remotely humorous despite their best attempts . 
  i know , the only thing germans seems to care about in regards to poland is whether or not the current polish government is a loyal german puppet , and whether their neocolonial enterprises here are safe . 
   they teach he was a nazi . 
  well , that 's awfuly nuanced indeed . 
  simple answers for simple people , i like it . 
   what do they teach in polish schools ? 
  from what i recall , that national socialism was the uniquely german form of very extreme fascism ( totalitarian statist ideology , which is hard to place on right-left axis ) , and that it was an ecclectic mix of various far-left and far-right ideas , among others . 
  i wonder what do they teach you in swedish schools considering that plenty of nazi policies , especially economic ones , would be recognized as extremist far-left nowadays . 
   transatlantic alliance that only benefits one member saying that poland is the only country to benefit from nato is definitely a hyperbole . 
  * would * being a keyword here . 
  before the elections then-polish government was still obedient to orders from germany , so satire on poland was a big no-no back then . 
   replace the word asyl with polish people . 
  such installation would n't really be on topic * this * year , but i 'll stretch it and imagine it back in , say , early 90s . 
  now what ? 
   maybe you can understand the difference then . 
  both are mildly unfunny jokes . 
  though i 'd say that comparing the leader of the current ruling party in poland to a soviet-occupation collaborator is more unfunny . 
  either way , after that `` poop-poop-poland '' gem a while ago i completely ceased to expect much sense from the german attempts at humour . 
   you wrote this 4 days ago and you wrote this  a lot of people will have a distinct opinion about how a beer has to taste and you will be ridiculed at when your beer of choice does n't fit their conviction . 
  4 days ago , and it 's exactly as relevant to this conversation . 
  i am by no means * offended * here , i am simply amused by how selective germans seem to be in their `` satirical '' attempts . 
  double standards are double standards no matter how much you sugarcoat them . 
   ever heard the concept of `` incitement of hatred against groups '' ? 
  but the `` incitement of hatred '' against a group called `` the polish government '' is a-ok , innit ? 
   how much is allowed ? 
  one satire per week ? 
  that depends on how much anti-german sentiment you wish to incite in polish society . 
   yeah obviously its not ok to intimidate the most helpless ppl . 
  why not ? 
  ever heard of this concept called `` freedom of speech '' ? 
  http://www.dw.com/en/carnival-float-makers-under-investigation-in-germany-for-racist-symbols/a-19034246 so much for the `` freedom of speech '' . 
  from what i 've seen on the internet today , it indeed seems exploitable as a [ maymay template . 
   you ca n't be serious . 
  neither can you , really . 
   have you seen russian gas pipes system ? 
  that 's exactly what i wanted to ask you . 
  have you ? 
   you would have to build new ones and modify existing to work with special ships that carry gas . 
  + same installations in supplier country . 
  on such scale this would take years and gigantic amount of money precisely , i wonder where russia would get this gigantic amount of money to build brand new infrastructure for their hypothetical new customers . 
   russia have whole periodic table , other countries have whole periodic table as well . 
   you ca n't just replace supplier it in couple days . 
  you certainly can , if you are willing to pay enough . 
  and in case of great majority of resources currently being bought from russia , this `` enough '' would mean only a slight increase in price . 
  yes , slightly . 
  the point is , such move would hurt russia way more than it would hurt europe , so they are welcome to try . 
  you realize that dank maymays do not count as an argument , right ? 
  folk songs and national heroes are * descriptions * of actual friendly relations that persisted for hundreds of years . 
  we would start importing gas and other resources from other places for a slightly higher price . 
  on the other hand , russia would collapse completely without this revenue . 
   pilots ignored warnings from their own systems the warnings were ignored because they would occur either way even during the proper landing , as the smolensk airport was simply not in the database of the warning system . 
   kaczy\u0144ski was worst president in the history that 's debatable , considering that since 1989 there were no * good * presidents in our history so far .
