  if you are not seeking attention , you are doing it wrong . 
   van rompuy did his job excellently without seeking credit for it in the media van whatwashisname might have done everything in his job description * correctly * , sure , but if you want people to treat european union seriously , and not as a weak , powerless institution which do n't have much say anywhere , because that 's the role of germany ( and sometimes france ) , you need to have recognizable people steering it , not some random bureaucrats . 
   idiotic things sure , you would much prefer someone with a stance `` why wo n't we all just bend over to russia ? 
  who cares about the fucking war in europe they just started . '', 
  unmemorable and flavourless . 
  clay 4 times poorer than the poorest parts of poland and not even having much poles left because they were all expelled in 1946 ? 
  seems like a shitty deal . 
  the only thing being a net gain would be having our lw\u00f3w back , but considering that its original polish population was replaced by ukrainians it kinda misses the point as well . 
   i just state my opinion . 
  i also state my opinion . 
  this is my opinion on anyone holding such opinion . 
   but i 've never met any western-european who has said that polish people are westerners . 
  they usually see you as eastern-europeans . 
  well , that was one of the most disastrous results of the soviet occuppation , and i know perfectly well it will still take decades to diminish this insulting and false misconception . 
  does n't mean i 'm going to play along with it while it lasts , further perpetuating it . 
   culturally `` i do n't know anything about history and the world was created in 1950s ''  linguistically western \\  using languages as a geographical indicator poor welsh , being an island of non-western subhumans in the sea of germanic-speaking master race must be hard for them . 
  stopped reading there . 
  i 'd rather see us buy some more land stuff or airplanes than invest in navy . 
  we never were , nor never will be a naval power ( even if our navy had some moments like fights with sweden in 17th century , or north sea operations during the ww2 ) , as baltic sea is hardly different from a large lake . 
  i also do n't recall any such cases of kidnaping . 
  on the other hand , when police catches some atm skimming groups ( happens once every few months ) , they usually turn out to be `` romanian citizens '' . 
   they say `` albania '' in that short video , not poland . 
  the butcher guy quite clearly tries to speak polish with a heavy american accent at the end of video though . 
  yeah , you were our most frienly neighbour in the interwar ( other than the brief period in 1939 when a polish-hungarian border existed ) , and during the ww2 our government evacuated to romania through zaleszczyki , and i think our gold reserves were also sent to your country . 
  we have a long tradition of cordial relations , and i hope to see even more development on it . 
  i know , i got it the moment i realized that he meant `` cudzy '' . 
  yeah , i realized it right after i wrote my post , so i deleted it and hoped noone seen it :d the root was different enough i have n't made a connection immediately . 
   wtf polan why you no use word for `` stranger/foreigner '' with common slavic root '' \u010dudan / stran '' like all others ? 
  we also have `` cudzoziemcy '' , which have similar meaning to `` obcokrajowcy '' - i think it might be connected with `` czudan '' . 
  japan is on similar latitude to europe so i do n't really think mercator is at fault here . 
   hungarian claims are not justified by anything except literal imperialism it was entirely possible to divide transylvania in a way where one part of it would have a hungarian majority , with quite significant romanian minority ( something similar to 1940 borders , but more advantageous to romania in the western part ) , and the other part would be almost exclusively romanian . 
  instead it was decided , in order to permanently significantly weaken hungary , to assign the whole territory to romania , resulting in 1/3 of total population of ethnic hungarians suddenly finding themselves in foreign countries . 
  of course , it was n't as extreme as the completely disgraceful border with slovakia , which was moved far into hungarian ethnic territory in order to obtain more arable land for czechoslovakia , but still - i can see why hungarians are so dissatisfied and remember this unfair treaty even after 90 years . 
  i 'm quite sure if poland never recieved eastern germany after ww2 to compensate for similar loss to our country , our attitude towards lithuania , belarus , ukraine would be comparable to the one hungarians had and still have . 
   we do n't have one single political entity in parliament that is even close to the level of nationalism and fascist accents that is the hungarian mainstream . 
  that 's because you have won , and hungary have lost . 
  if transylvania would be controlled by hungary nowadays , the situation would be reversed and you would have irredentist romanian parties in the mainstream . 
   sugar til we are importing sugar . 
  all those sugar factories we had to close in poland because we were producing more than eu limits allowed would surely be delighted to hear that . 
  japan , canada , austria , switzerland , denmark , monaco ... 
  i already like the team white-red . 
   we can live with russia highly debatable . 
  higher proportion of my family was killed by soviets than by germans during the ww2 . 
   but the last time westerners have literally tried to exterminate us i also recall more than half of the west , including poland , fought against them . 
  while russia diligently collaborated with those who tried exterminate us until they themselves got invaded , and got their fair share of exterminating poles as well in the meantime . 
   both the east and the west are threats to us in the long run , how exactly the west threatens us ? 
   they 're both inhumane and imperialist . 
  you could make such comparisions in 1940s ( and you still had the anglo-saxon part of the west , which while not flawless , was indubitably visibly superior when compared to either german part of the west or soviet russia ) and they would kinda made sense , but not nowadays . 
  not even mentioning that it 's assuming that russia is an equal opponent to the west , while it 's nothing more than glorified petrostate with a rusting nuclear arsenal and delusions of former glory . 
  still dangerous to us in a short run , that 's why it 's important to us to be in nato right now , but certain to become marginalized in a long run . 
  even assumming both sides are equally shitty ( which is not true ) , siding with a certain loser is a bad move . 
   for me it 's more sensible to placate the one neighbor that wants to be placated , ... and become a belarus-level shithole . 
  in the * best * case scenario . 
  na , thx . 
   and ignore the one 's who 's drastically unpredictable . 
  \\  implying it 's not russia which is drastically unpredictable right now  look at the rise of fascism in europe - and yes , in poland and ukraine as well . 
  and the rise of fascism in russia !, 
  shit , what now ? 
  but seriously , is there a widespread wave of movements in europe following mussolini 's political philosophy ? 
  i seriously doubt it , so stop using such buzzwords . 
   i 'd rather suck russia 's dick than america 's that 's exactly why i dislike you . 
  i just ca n't imagine someone sane looking at polish history so far , and then concluding that out of the two * russia * is a better option . 
  that 's just targowica-level absurdal to me . 
   and communism was only one of many things which demonstrate we 're eastern europe the only thing communism demonstrates is that we got occuppied by ussr in 1944 . 
  if franco had lost in spain , you would consider spain `` eastern european '' too ? 
   large jewish presence to religious tolerance . 
  religious tolerance in russia ? 
  the same russia that forcefuly converted unites to orthodoxy ? 
  kek . 
  also , usa as a epitome of `` easten europe '' confirmed . 
  if that 's your definition of `` eastern europe '' , the more i 'm surprised by your anti-americanism . 
   they 're cementing western dominance over eastern europe ... and us troops in germany or uk are cementing `` western '' dominance over germany and uk , right . 
  oh , i forgot that you were that ridiculous `` 40 years of gomunism were the single most important thing in polish history that nullified 950 years prior to that and made poland permanently leave the western civilization forever , also let 's keep sucking russia 's dick just in case '' guy . 
   they receive an order to shoot civilians they will do it . 
  and why would they receive such order ? 
  how could usa possibly benefit from estranging one of the most pro-american populations in the world ? 
  such situation is exactly as probable as polish army receiving an order to shot * polish * civilians . 
  knowing you , you would much preffer having a contingent of ivans in legnica once again , because this way we avoid confronting russia , would n't you ? 
  a self-contradicting empty slogan ? 
  i think our definitions of `` truth '' must be vastly different then . 
  `` czechy '' also means `` bohemia '' in polish . 
  guess we just never bothered with inventing the new name , and use the same name we used to reffer to the medieval kingdom . 
  it 's like using `` polish republic '' all the time instead of `` poland '' . 
  sounds really silly and pompous to me . 
  we call you czechy instead of `` republika czeska '' in polish anyway . 
   so when leftists say that neoliberalism is all bad it 's subjective but when neoliberals say left-wing politics is all but it 's objective ? 
  there are numerous examples of implementing neoliberal policies having a positive effect on the country ( there are many negative ones as well , of course ) . 
  there were * no * instances so far where artifically choking off a capitalist economy ( which i presume is your goal , as a self-declared `` anti-capitalist '' ) brought positive results . 
  that 's the basic difference . 
   among people who suffered under the soviet union . 
  conversely , people who suffered under neoliberal regimes do n't view the term very positively . 
  oh yeah , all those * terrible * , terrible neoliberal * regimes * . 
  life there was literally as bad as under the soviet occuppation . 
   it is a negative label if you are anti-capitalist well , if you are anti-capitalist it basically means your idea for the future of your country is turning it into utter shithole , so it might be negative to you in such context , sure . 
   what 's that supposed to prove ? 
  that different ideologies appeal to different peoples ? 
  that your ridiculous and absurdal viewpoint is fortunately not commonly shared . 
  glad to see i 'm not the only sharing such opinion on this subreddit . 
  you are the one who i 'm seeing all the time trying to promote use of `` neoliberal '' buzzword as if it somehow was a negative label . 
  it 's not .
