  yeah , it 's not like there were any invasions or annexations in europe within the last two years , or anything . 
   good , as [ 1 ] the usa [ 2 ] is already doing this [ 3 ] i know , and i am very happy about that . 
   to nuclear confrontation akin to the cuban missile crisis . 
  we are constantly experiencing the equivalent of cuban missile crisis danger , the difference is that we do n't even have any means of retaliation . 
   source for this ? 
  common sense . 
   usa nukes are targeting russia , does n't mean they should deploy nukes on a country close to them . 
  right , so russians are free to threaten us by deploying nukes within few minutes of our capital , but god forbid the roles are reversed . 
  cool to hear . 
   you 're in the eu and nato , one of the safest positions in the world . 
  yes , those are the means we have used to counter our unsafe geopolitical position . 
   it 's literally just symbolic good , such ` symbols ' of support would be very much appreciated here . 
   in a nuclear war it wo n't make your position any better it wo n't make our position any worse either , russian nukes are targeting poland anyway . 
   it does n't improve the situation at all ... because of various treaties we have signed we are not allowed to develop our own nuclear weapons even though they would be much appreciated in our unsafe geopolitical position . 
  nato ones stationed here would serve as an acceptable ersatz . 
   it makes a little difference , there are potentially hostile nukes stationed 300km from warsaw , it makes a lot of difference to * us * . 
  nah , the power plants are modified , it 's mostly from heating of private houses . 
  considering that they actually are the ones most likely to support it , i doubt your hopes will materialise . 
   if anything it will be a target we are a target anyway , so the situation wo n't change . 
  i hope so . 
  it 's high time it finally happened . 
  both metro areas are actually approximately the same size , it 's just that , unlike london , the city limits of paris did n't really change since the 19th century and right now they encompass only the very centre of the metropolitan area . 
  guess it 's time to start an awareness campaign then . 
  i hope we 'll leave in the last possible moment before this nightmare materialises , after putting all our efforts to delay it . 
  no , that 's what * you * want it to be . 
  the truth is , it 's whatever the member states will want it to become . 
  when we were joining , it was presented as a loose economical alliance with various additiinal benefits like open borders or structural funds , . 
  i , for one , would like it to stay that way and am glad there 's an increasing number of similarily minded countries ( uk , rest of v4 , perhaps france after the next elections ) . 
  we did n't regain our independence from soviet russia merely 26 years ago only to lose it again so easily . 
  if that 's the endgame , i 'd rather have us leave - but not without putting a fight to save the eu as an union of sovereign nations . 
  those who did n't vote indirectly gave their support to ` whoever wins ' by not bothering to go to the polls . 
   the claim was `` more than a half '' . 
  the claim was obviously a figure of speech . 
  it may or may not be more than a half - i do n't know as there was no precise research done on that , but both such lists ( after all , there are not * that much * of these articles ) my personal experience would put this value as a quite conservative estimate . 
  i am actually an avid `` wyborcza '' reader ( one should read the broadest possible array of news sources , to have his views constantly challenged and avoid unhealthy circlejerking ) , and when i notice they quote a `` foreign press criticises poland '' article , i often try to find an original source . 
  while it might be a confirmation bias to some extent on my side , the number of times an author turns out to be a `` gw '' , or other lefty polish journalist is really high . 
   random rightwinger : all apples are red . 
  yes , congratulations , you are bravely fighting the `` all '' strawman . 
  nobody claimed * all * , but there 's definitely a significant portion of them written by `` gw '' and other left-wing journalists , at least out of those quoted in polish press . 
   me : hey man , you got , like , a citation ? 
  what other kind of `` citation '' do you expect , a doctoral thesis done on this topic ? 
   random rightwinger : `` here 's this list of all apples that are red that our niche blog could find '' it 's not neccesarily a * niche * blog , it 's definitely among the most popular blogs in polish internet . 
  for example , its facebook website is comparable in the number of readers and interactions with facebook websites of major polish news outlets . 
  it 's not a real heavyweight , sure , but it 's not a three-readers wordpress blog either . 
   me : that 's a selection bias , because you ignored all the apples that are n't red . 
  yes , that 's a selected list ( well-sourced , and a quite sizeable one ) of `` foreign press '' articles actually written by polish left-wing press journalists . 
   random rightwinger : ur pathetic looser , not wasting time on ya . 
  you : le niche blog with le edgy name , not wasting time on that . 
   yeah , that 's my problem apparently . 
  yes , that 's your problem , as this phenomenon obviously exists to a quite noticeable and significant extent , and you try to dismiss it because ... well , i do n't really get your point , because nobody published a scientific paper on it yet i guess . 
   if you bothered reading the whole thread , you 'd know i already laughed [ 1 ] at this `` iron logic '' piece well , there 's your problem . 
  first you ask for citations , and then you dismiss them because they do n't confirm your biases . 
  it definitely would be a better way , especially from the stability-of-the-system viewpoint . 
  it 's only a guess , though i think that pis is trying to play a long-term game counting on decreasing the overall authority of the constitutional tribunal , presumably to either change its formula , or completely replace it by other body at some point in the future - as a part of a major structural change , possibly including a brand new constitution . 
  it 's hard for me to see any other explanation for their current actions , as in any other case they seem questionably unrefined , even for pis . 
  that 's rich coming from the eastern european nation of austria . 
  no , it puts it in context - for the last few months of their rule po tried to screw the expected future pis government in all ways possible , including `` stealing '' the ct appointments belonging to the next parliamentary term , and pis retaliated by not only nullyfying that , but also retroactively `` stealing '' this year 's ct appointments which belonged to the previous term as well . 
  basically a petty power struggle , on both sides of the conflict . 
  even if we did , we would want it to happen by * our own decision * , and not imposed from outside like the migrant quotas . 
  perhaps the fact that `` we wo n't have to show our passports anymore when travelling abroad '' was a major campaign point back in 2003 . 
  well , it 's been long known that at least half of `` concerned publications in foreign press '' are actually being written by gazeta wyborcza journalists . 
  so there * is * some truth to that statement . 
   pis went way , waaaay further . 
  yeah , it appointed 3 judges it should n't have appointed , instead of only 2 like po did . 
  it 's like 50 % further indeed . 
   every single parliament from time to time passes an act that might be against constitution . 
  role of tribunal is to verify if it really is . 
  calling each such act a crisis is misuse of the word . 
  you fail to see that in this particular case it 's not `` each such act '' - it is an act * regarding the very institution that has to resolve whether acts are against constitution or not * , not an act regarding the legal framework of harvest of radishes . 
   like i said . 
  each government passes an act that is or seems to be against constitution . 
  it is not always done on purpose . 
  oh , but it * definitely * was done on purpose in this particular case . 
  the whole point of this action was to secure yet some more official positions for the passing po-psl coalition in the very last minute , when it became clear their electoral defeat is inevitable , or at least cause some more problems and obstacles to the new government after the elections as an exploitable bonus . 
  as one can clearly see , so far the act worked perfectly according to the intentions behind passing it . 
   law is always subject to interpretation . 
  passing a law that might be against a constitution as such is not a crisis . 
  passing such law might not be a crisis , but * acting on that law * , for example unlawfully appointing additional judges basing on such law , definitely is . 
   there was no crisis until new gov decided to use this opportunity to replace all appointed judges . 
  absolutely untrue , the crisis was there ever since the 2011-2015 sejm overused its powers and appointed two additional judges who , according to established legal customs and legislations , should have been appointed by the 2015-2019 sejm . 
  the decision to replace all five judges was an * escalation * of this crisis by the new sejm overreacting to the tortious act committed by the previous sejm . 
   all government had to do was to proceed with legal path defined in the constitution and there would be no crisis . 
  likewise , all the previous government had to do , was to proceed with the legal path and existing constitutional customs , and there would be no crisis either . 
   out of which only 2 were controversial thus , by doing that , it * sparked * the constitutional crisis . 
  certain words have a certain meaning one should stay faithful to when using them . 
  no , the constitutional crisis was * sparked * by the previous polish government in june , and right now it 's merely continued by the new government . 
  i 'm quite sure the entire nation of slovakia will introduce at least three days of mourning upon hearing such grim , dreadful news . 
  send an angry worded letter . 
   why would that make you suffer ? 
   i do n't know ... maybe i just ca n't put myself in your shoes . 
  very easily , just imagine a bunch of adolf eichmann statues and swastika obelisks in israel . 
  the soviet monuments around here feel like a similar insult , and seeing the remaining few ( fortunately most were removed ) still proudly exposed is like being spat on the face . 
   but i am not a fan of people tearing everything down with a regime change . 
  it was not `` a regime change '' , it was the end of a hostile occupation . 
   historical value what historical value could they possibly have ? 
  the occupation-era monuments are completely worthless on both artistic , factual and historical accounts , and i 'm glad most of them in our country were already removed and destroyed long ago . 
   it 's almost like the partitioning of poland was only temporary it was so temporary that we never got the half of poland occupied by ussr back : ddd  gain the upper hand during war . 
  the countless atrocities committed by the soviet invaders against the civilian polish population of soviet-occupied poland , as well as brutally murdering dozens of thousands of allied powers officers and soldiers taken pow was probably necessary to gain the upper hand during war as well , am i right ? 
   who are such people as w\u0142adys\u0142aw gomu\u0142ka ? 
  polish equivalents of vidkun quisling .
