  rightly so , because our free market reforms , while not flawless , were by far the biggest success of post-1989 poland , and what we primarily owe our current semi-prosperous state to . 
   second thank to being in eu ( and on the way to eu ) poland become more credible to foreign investors . 
  we have also increased our credibility by our membership in oecd and many other international organizations . 
   third access to eu market made it possible for many business to operate in poland . 
  and yet i distinctly recall most of foreign businesses in poland already operating here * way * before 2004 . 
   you can easily compare how certain european countries performed after the fall of communism . 
  poland , belarus , ukraine , moldova and georgia yes , i know that comparison well , actually that 's * precisely * why i hold my opinion . 
  we were already doing better than those countries way before we joined the eu , which can be easily seen on the very graph you have linked . 
   poland is doing twice as better as belarus , 4 times better than ukraine and georgia 7 times better than moldova despite all starting from similar level . 
  and interestingly enough , we already were above them by similar marign in * 2004 * , the year we joined the eu . 
   wonder why they do not see this natural recovery process . 
  because unlike poland , their free market reforms in those countries were either insufficient , belated , or plainly non-existent . 
   that 's a nice simplification there . 
  well , if that 's a `` simplification '' , then atributting polish recovery from soviet occupation solely to eu membership would be a mother of all simplifications . 
   all eu did was gave us infrastructure a bit sooner than latter . 
  in essence , yes . 
  i also forgot about some agriculture subsidies . 
   did you account income that was available earlier ? 
  did you account for employment of the people who were working on that infrastructure , who were able to pay for goods and products fueling further gdp growth ? 
  it all boils to `` some infrastructural projects were finished a bit earlier '' . 
  a cool thing on its own , or even as a part of membership in an economical alliance , but if the price for that have to be a crawling loss of our independence , then it 's not worth it . 
  fortunatly , the eu is not yet doomed to become a dystopian superstate , and i hope poland will be one of the members opposing further federalization . 
  if those forces would prevail despite that ( though luckily , i do n't really see it happening in current climate ) then yes , i think we should leave in that case , it was nice while it lasted . 
   i remember poland in the 80s and 90s and i see huge difference membership in this bad bad union made . 
  i also remember poland in 90s and early 00s , and i do n't see any significant difference between pre-2004 , and post-2004 - or rather i see it is a lenghty natural recovery process after 45 years of foreign occupation and disastrous far-left dictatorship , that was hapenning regardless of the state of our membership in eu . 
  the pace of it did not change significantly after 2004 - and understandably so , as all eu did was throwing some spare change on infrastructure thanks to which some investitions were finished a few years earlier . 
  the difference was made primarily by the efforts of poles finally being able to develop their country in a free market system , not by mythical `` eu '' . 
  most polish football hooligans actually hate russia with fierce passion . 
  i hope we 'll leave someday , but only after our efforts to keep it a loose economical alliance of friendly nations will prove futile . 
  fortunately , there seem to be more and more countries oriented this way , so this fight is not yet lost . 
  i tend to go to church every week , so i guess i 'm moderately religious . 
  glad you agree with the rest of my claims , 
   yep , little actual ties , a city built to be the capital of lithuania has little actual ties to lithuania . 
  a certain city built to be the capital of the roman empire has little actual ties to italy either . 
  such things sometimes happen throughout history . 
   the fact that lithuania was heavily polonized during commonwealth period voluntarily polonized , i 'd add . 
  nobody forced them , or anything , those lithuanians simply * became poles * throughout generations out of their * own will * . 
   t 's like saying all baltics are russian now because they were in ussr . 
  if all baltics * assimilated * to the russian nation during that period , you * would * be russians . 
  fortunately for you , such process did not happen on significant scale during the ussr control of your countries . 
   the only time poland actually had vilnius is when they took it by force from russia for about 20 years . 
  we actually took it from the german ober-ost command , and it was done by the local polish militias who only after a while were supported by the regular polish army . 
   that 's the exact same reason vilnius was restored to be in lithuania during and after soviet union , it 's a historical capital of lithuania , it has been capital of lithuania for a looooooong ass time . 
  nah , the reason wilno was `` restored '' to be in lithuania was much more simple - as with any area of poland annexed by ussr during the ww2 , it had to be assigned to one of the soviet republics . 
   many lithuanians took polish names and citizenships in the capital because it was seen as prestige . 
  yeah , and the descendants of those `` lithuanians '' either emigrated to poland after soviet takeover of wilno in 1944 , or are voting for electoral actions of poles in lithuania nowadays . 
  so much about their supposed `` lithuanianness '' . 
   that is what i already said . 
  it was still the capital of lithuania all that time . 
  no , it was a * historical capital * of grand duchy at the time . 
  one of the nations claiming to be a successor of the grand duchy - the republic of lithuania , a baltic-speaking nation state , * claimed * it to be its capital , despite little * actual * ties between the modern lithuanian nation and modern inhabitants of the city , who overwhelmingly considered themselves to be either jews , poles , or polish-lithuanians , with neither of those three identities having anything in common with the nation-state of republic of lithuania . 
  yeah , 50 % polish , 40 % jewish , totally `` was n't even polish , it was jewish '' . 
  it was both to some extent actually , but the one fact is that it certainly was n't * lithuanian * back then , with their traceable 1 % -2 % of city 's population . 
   no ` save democracy ' marches with tens of thousands participants back then , as it is now well , back then the influential lefty media somehow was n't so keen on hysterically promoting `` saving democracy '' marches . 
  quite the contrary actually , they were big supporters of actions of the former government . 
  so was the rhetoric used on yesterday 's march . 
  have you ever seen the population and gdp stats of europe ? 
  because poland has twice the population of romania and has almost three times as large economy . 
  those are the factors one would usually take into account when comparing countries , not sheer land size . 
  kazakhstan or mongolia are not international heavyweights despite their vast area , due to insufficient gdp and population . 
  most countries in `` e. europe '' , including romania , are way smaller than poland . 
  polish * economy * is bigger than the belgian one , are all major banks in belgium save one foreign-owned as well ? 
  yes , it is . 
  almost all large banks , except pko bp , are owned by foreign ( german , italian , dutch ) banks . 
  such situation in europe is almost unprecedented . 
  can not ? 
  there already were two such demonstrations within the last month . 
   14 days is pis imaginary interpretation . 
  14 days is a default deadline regarding the publications in dz . 
   they can probably by brought before state tribunal or whatever it is called . 
  the state tribunal in current constitution is almost a purely theoretical institution , as according to the current legislation it 's nigh impossible in practice to bring anyone before it . 
   factual ? 
  whose facts ? 
  i thought it were you guys who were bitching about such important things happening for the last month , surely it 's a `` donios\u0142a '' matter according to * your * facts , is n't it ? 
   pis is making this whole ordeal more convoluted that it is . 
  yes it is - and it 's a strategic move . 
  not only it makes the conflict more entrenched , but also thanks to it their political opponents have now used up their outrage cards on this , quite frankly , unimportant matter , and in case some * actually * serious shit will go down in the future , the accusations of `` endangering democracy '' and similar ones that would be useful in such case wo n't matter to anyone anymore , as they 'll long become a part of regular language of public debate . 
   5 elected recently were elected based upon a law that has been ruled invalid , til that regulamin sejmu has been ruled invalid . 
   i 'm done . 
  if you do n't get it that cc 's autonomy is the whole damn point a i get it , i simply do n't give a crap about cc autonomy . 
  it 's not an apolitical institution with the current system of appointing judges anyway . 
   when minister witholds publishing the ruling of cc have 14 days since the 3rd of december already passed ? 
  could you borrow me this amazing time machine of yours ? 
  there exist certain deadlines , and before they are exceeded all the talk about supposed `` withholding '' is entirely void . 
   it is a o.k. 
  for pis . 
  i have not even once said anything like that . 
  i am not really supporting pis , i dislike the style of their recent actions , and i did not vote for them in sejm elections . 
   but god forbid professors of law , specialists in constitutional law to have a different opinion , even though they are mindbogglingly more qualified . 
  and mindbogglingly more involved . 
   only cc decides whether the case they are working on is complex or significant . 
  constitution does not provide any other third party to say otherwise . 
  and it clearly decided contrary to the factual significance of this particular case . 
  not the best behaviour for an institution supposedly guarding the legal order . 
   constitution does not provide any other third party to say otherwise . 
  yet another legal loophole in constitution , the writing in this document is truly atrocious . 
   you do n't have to like the constitution , you have to obey it . 
  well , so are laws regarding the exact way in which tribunal should operate , and as for now the current tribunal unfortunately seems to shit all over them as well . 
  he talks about `` hitler not being as bad '' to make a point about the current tax system in a way which would sound shocking and be noticed by media , not because he supports hitler in any way . 
  precisely , the constitutional tribunal should follow the law regarding its functioning as well .
