  such a shame , the idea sounded really cool . 
  though i suspected something was fishy . 
  anyhow , there 's nothing negative about the `` polish plumber '' stereotype - i recall it was even embraced and used in a series of [ state-sanctioned advertisements a few years ago . 
   like here in france we sell polish plumber toilet plungers seems like a nice marketing ploy , i 'll definitely look for one as a souvenir when i 'll be visiting france . 
  i merely rephrased what i found to be the essence of your posts here so far . 
  i am yet to get what exactly is supposed to be the big deal here . 
  getting offended because one does not like the drawing 's style is even more unneccessary . 
  all i see here is a normal cartoonish drawing without any malicious undertones , that could easily be found in an illustration in some children 's book . 
  could you perhaps circle the negative parts , as you apparently seem to be more perceptive than me . 
   i 'd be surprised seeing it in an nhs hospital . 
  well , after all getting offended over the weirdest things seems to became some kind of a sport in some countries lately . 
  i 'd be surprised as well if i saw it there . 
   i mean its generalising it 's a sign , not a thousand page novel , of course it 's generalizing . 
  it 's there to convey a simple message ( `` foreigners ' clinic that way '' ) , and does so with a good result - it 's understandable even without knowledge of the czech language . 
  is there something weird about it ? 
   well half their country was under moscow 's thumb for half a century . 
  well , considering that * all * of our country was under moscow 's thumb for half of century , and if anything it only made our attitude towards russia even * more * negative than it was before , it 's even harder to understand with such explanation . 
  it definitely was to some extent , though not necessarily in a way existent nowadays . 
  i know , i have read the entire trilogy . 
  he asked for * translation * of this line , which i attempted to provide . 
   best day in times of deluge . 
  `` i am not a peasant but a nobleman - just a poor one . '', 
  yeah , if we are `` low-scorers '' with the second best result in former eastern bloc , i do n't even know what to call the rest of the region . 
  it was stagnation , not recession . 
  we were still growing , but barely . 
   the land where literacy is literally worse than middle of africa ? 
  actually , north korea has very high literacy , everyone should be able to read about the deeds of great leader after all . 
  czechoslovakia was n't significantly poorer per capita than austria or finland before the ww2 . 
  per capita , before the war hungary was comparable to italy . 
  even poland , which before the war was n't a rich country by any stretch , was still more well-off per capita than portugal and greece , and on the level of spain . 
  [ more so , even * the utter destruction of ww2 * did n't really manage to bring us down from this relative level , it were only the disastrous communist policies which caused us to fall behind so much . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/91/pkb_per_capita_wg_parytetu_sily_nabywczej_%28w_dolarach_geary-khamis_z_1990_r.%29.jpg/1000px-pkb_per_capita_wg_parytetu_sily_nabywczej_%28w_dolarach_geary-khamis_z_1990_r.%29.jpg ) the polish economy ( overall , not per capita ) was almost twice the size of the dutch one in 1938 . 
  now it 's the other way around . 
  you are ridiculously uneducated on historical matters if you do n't know such basic things . 
  of course europe was n't uniformly rich before the ww2 , but communism deepened the differences greatly and significantly altered the position of many countries . 
   i would love to see my country become as ` suicidal ' as the well-known hellholes like sweden , uk and germany are . 
  there is only one easy trick to do so : just try really hard not to get occupied by soviet union after 1945 and never have your economy destroyed by communism . 
  because that 's the exact reason they are more prosperous , and their immigrant minorities are a * result * , not a * cause * of it . 
   which is 2.5 times the surplus of the 2nd placed hungary ( +4,954 m $ ) . 
  well , we are also 4 times bigger than hungary , so if anything we are almost two times * less * dependent on eu money than you . 
  there are more catholics than protestants in germany . 
  i have no idea where you got this idea from , considering that the great majority of infrastructural work in poland * is * done by polish companies . 
   but now you need our help , fu . 
  oh , we would be very eager to help - help in patrolling borders and not letting anyone in , that is . 
  i recall we are already helping hungary that way . 
  our bridge was finished in 2000 , the one in bucharest in 2011 . 
  glad to see you are looking upon us . 
   it seems to me that tribunal ruled that those elected by po have precedence over those elected by pis . 
  there 's no such thing explicitly stated there . 
   as tribunal said one become a judge when he is elected no when he swear the oath . 
  thus we have three irrevocable pis judges , elected and sworn to their slots , and three po judges , elected but - as of now - not sworn to the exact same slots already occupied by three other irrevocable judges . 
   so like you see this mess is not usual . 
  this mess is very usual . 
  the 1997 constitution is full of loopholes that from the day one were - to smaller or bigger extent - abused by politicians , and such escalation was bound to happen one day . 
   and like we finally established duda is first president to overrule tribunal court order . 
  and for a good reason , as tribunal orders president to break the constitution . 
   how ever you turn this around fact is that tribunal ruled that 3 po judges are valid judges even without swearing oath . 
  and by the moment of this tribunal ruling there already were another three judges who are now residing in those slots . 
   seriously there is no math on earth that would make 10 +4 +3 < 15 . 
  considering that each judge is individually appointed to a particular slot , i would n't be so sure . 
   you said it yourself that appointing judge when there is already 15 selected is breaking constitution . 
  precisely . 
  all slots are occupied right now , and appointing any more judges would be breaking the constitution . 
   great . 
  finally we agree on something . 
  thank you to finally admitting that he broke the constitution by overruling the order . 
  as it 's already been established , the other option would end up with breaking the constitution as well , so it 's not like he had much choice here . 
  being tried before the state tribunal on refusing to comply with constitutional tribunal demanding that president breaks the constitution and take oath from surplus judges while no slots are available seems to be a much better perspective than being tried before the state tribunal on * explicitly * breaking the constitution and taking oath from surplus judges while no slots are available . 
   it 's really olympic level of mental gymnastics here . 
  i do n't even know what to call your posts then . 
   so if you ( and duda ) believe appointment of 4 pis judges were valid the appointment of three november judges was valid because it happened on presumtion that sejm naming new judges in place of those named a month earlier is constitutional . 
  * if * it happened after tribunal ruling otherwise , it would be invalid , but considering that by then they already * became * judges , their position can not be revoked now . 
  the 4th judge appointed that day on the same basis would be validly appointed even if it happened * after * tribunal ruling - there 's absolutely no problem with his status as there 's no other judge who could claim to legally occupy his slot as well . 
  likewise with judge # 5 , but about that later . 
   we had 17 judges and he proceed and appointed 18th one . 
  the three october judges that were not appointed by president would occupy the three slots in tribunal that are already taken by the judges appointed by president on december 2 , 2015 . 
  on the other hand , the slot taken by the judge appointed on december 9 freed one day earlier , and there were no other candidates for it . 
  there is no contradiction here , despite your attempts to prove otherwise . 
   so what you are saying here is that duda overruled court order because he found it unconstitutional ? 
  pretty much . 
  typical everyone-tries-to-screw-each-other-merry-go-round . 
   nothing unusual happens . 
  indeed , tribunal publishing rulings demanding unconstitutional actions from president is a novelty here . 
  other than that , nothing unusual happens . 
   great we turn to ad persona attacks . 
  i 'll reluctantly mention that you were the one to start ad-persona attacks , i 'm only leveling the field . 
   then you should have no problem finding those evidences . 
  [ continue . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lqsrwti.png )  so in other words ... you are just guessing . 
  my guess that former po supporters form a significant part of kod protesters is as good as your guess that they do not . 
  and i 'd say my guess is much more probable than yours , considering there were no significant demographical changes in polish society within the last three months . 
   5th pis judge ( julia przy\u0142\u0119bska ) on the 9th . 
  so 6 days after . 
  even according to your logic here he broke a constitution and disregarded court order . 
  5th pis judge , julia anna przy\u0142\u0119bska , was chosen in a place of dr hab . 
  teresa liszcz whose term ended on december 8 , 2015 . 
  there was no other judge waiting to be appointed in this particular place . 
  po attempted to put prof. andrzej sokala in this place , but this was declared invalid by december 3 , 2015 constitutional court ruling . 
   so please for the 5th time : when was last time president overruled constitutional court order ? 
  for the 5th time , there was no situation in which constitutional court order ordered president to * break * constitution .
