  \\  claims there was `` a * series * of pogroms in the 60s '' . 
  \\  proceeds to find * one * , not even in the 60s but right after the end of ww2 . 
   but they are protests every month and most of us are angry about what they 're doing . 
  not really , some might be angry , and some might support it wholeheartedly , but * most * people do n't give a single crap about it . 
  as an educated , affluent member of the middle class from a big city , i do n't really care about it either . 
   how any of this mess made by government and opposition influenced your day to day life ? 
  the worst thing that happened to my day to day life was that after a while i had to reluctantly unsubscribe from / r/polska . 
  it really went to shit since then , becoming the worst circlejerk i 've ever seen - and i 've seen plenty of them . 
  the annual march of nationalists in warsaw was bigger than any of those protests . 
  if they ca n't even manage gathering crowds bigger than some minor party with 1-2 % of support , i would n't really call it `` significant '' . 
  yeah , the entire first page was the best example of an anachronism i 've seen this week . 
  it could be easily copypasted from some 50 year old commie propaganda rag if not for references to recent events , and my genuine amusement over seeing terms like `` class struggle '' or `` proletariat '' used unironically left me unable to continue reading this with a straight face . 
  indeed , though hostile actions of prussia were much more noticeable from the perspective of poles than whatever sympathies liberal germans could have . 
   to you as a pole maybe . 
  oh , to grand duchy of lithuania-ns ( people calling themselves `` lithuanians '' at the time would find the modern lithuanian identity incredibly foreign , alien and artificial ) as well . 
  in fact , the ruling classes of gdl liked it so much , they assimilated almost entirely out of their own will . 
   thou as far as i know there 's little to be proud of for you either . 
  the initial system was quite good actually when compared to the one prevalent in the rest of europe at the time , and during the reign of jagiellons and the first few elective kings it worked rather well . 
  the problem with it was that it evolved in a degenerative way ultimately leading to a very inefficient and prone to foreign influence system . 
   especially in the later stages of commonwealth . 
  the `` later stages of the commonwealth '' starting , as i already mentioned , around 1650 . 
   and btw commonwealth was based on monarchical relations and died a natural death after enlightenment in the last years of its existence commonwealth reformed itself according to the ideas of enlightement , but the damage done by ~ 100 years of neglect and bad governance ( as well as perfidious prussia changing sides at the last moment ) resulted in it being completely unable to defend itself from russia . 
  if they only waited with those reforms a few more years until napoleon took over in france , russia would not intervene , and commonwealth would easily survive all the way until the congress of vienna , and most likely until the eventual ww1 . 
   sure , the 20th century was really bad and the 19th one . 
   but before that poland and germany got along extremly well . 
  we got along well ... until sneaky prussia decided to steal our coast in 1772 , sign a defensive alliance with us in 1790 promising us help in case russia or austria try anything funny , and then proceeded to stab our backs stealing the entire great poland instead of helping us when russia actually attacked two years later . 
   could you please enlighten me on that `` good '' part ? 
  pretty much everything until ~ 1650 . 
  then came the cossack rebelions and devastating wars with sweden and russia from which our commonwealth never really recovered . 
  tallest building in poland to * rooftop * . 
  both pkin and warsaw spire are taller in regards to total height . 
  and then it got even worse thanks to commies . 
  no , because uk was not a third party in ireland , unlike turkey which was a third party in cyprus . 
  if , let 's say , france was the one to invade ireland , then your comparison would be accurate . 
  not being in erm ii is a part of deliberately not meeting requirements . 
  sweden is doing the same thing to avoid joining the eurozone . 
  sure , but when your potential enemies already have it , it 's way safer for you to have it as well . 
  considering that us happens to be our only ally that actually makes a difference , what about no . 
  the `` european defence alliance without us '' would be among the worst imaginable disasters for defensive prospects of poland and baltics . 
  \\  dat google-translated polish, 
  the `` uniting humanity '' part . 
  those were for wales only . 
  ... then we would get occupied by ussr in 1939 , instead of 1945 . 
  truly sounds like an amazing deal for us . 
   thy would probably let the shitty developers build theyr shitty glass and steel brick-buildings which would be an improvement , as we would at least finally get some urban architecture in our center then , instead of having 800m \u00d7 800m empty wastelands in the very middle of the city with an out of proportion monstrosity in the middle . 
  though if something like [ this ] ( http://frw.fc.pl/plac_defilad/images/vision1.jpg ) would be build around it , i do n't think demolition would be neccessary to achieve desired effect . 
  indeed , we want to keep our high position in this ranking , and it 'll be easier if other countries will be doing worse than us . 
   if a hypothetical collapse happened , than the levels of recession that result would make 2008 look like nothing . 
  depends on what exactly would this `` collapse '' mean . 
  complete renouncement of all agreements and treaties between all european countries would certainly result in that , but that 's not what would neccessarily happen . 
   then you 'll see hardcore nationalist/far-right parties rise , most of our nationalist/far-right parties are all for alliance with america ( some even wanted to join nafta back in the 90s ) , so in our case it wo n't change anything in that regard . 
   and the end of nato . 
  unless the same thing also happens in usa , it does n't matter one bit for the future of nato . 
  even if some european countries would leave it after voting in governments supporting such platform , from our point of view nato 's primary purpose remains completely unaffected . 
   the fact that you people are advocating for that is disgusting frankly . 
  i 'm not advocating for anything like that , the level of european integration i 'm perfectly alright with is somewhere between the pre-maastricht and pre-lisbon one . 
  i 'm actually hoping uk stays in after the referendum , so the eu wo n't drift too far towards federalization in foreseeable future . 
  if greece and turkey manage to be members of nato despite being immensely conflicted for decades , hypothetical collapse of eu also would n't bring the end it . 
  after all , the alliance between each european member of nato is only a bonus feature of it . 
  even if nato as an organization somehow disbanded , a new polish-american bilateral treaty is all we would have to do to achieve the same level of international security we have right now . 
  nothing . 
  the entire point of nato is that it provides an alliance with united states ( and canada ) . 
   conservative societies do n't achieve a lot . 
  several hundred years ago , a little peninsula composed of conservative societies called europe completely dominated the entire world . 
  if that 's `` not achieving a lot '' , i do n't know what is n't . 
  yeah , the usual `` good neighborship and friendly cooperation '' we 're seeing here from germany . 
  hence the * `` up to '' * part . 
  even if only a small part returned , it would still be a good start . 
  yes , but there are also way more than 400k poles in uk right now . 
  the article simply states that `` up to 400,000 could return home '' , so i assume they already took that into account . 
  good for poland i guess , it would be quite ironic if brexit would achieve what all the polish government programs during the last 12 years failed to . 
  my words are indeed about fighting federalization - in a situation in which we would be forced to either federalize as well , or leave the european integration completely and be left worse off than we are right now . 
  to be more precise - i 'm hoping that , in the best case scenario , the anti-federalization group in eu will be either strong enough to stop it altogether ( because there simply will be more opposition to it throughout europe , than support for it ) or , if it would n't came to be , that the anti-federalization group of countries will be at least strong enough in order to negotiate terms of divergence with the pro-federalization group that wo n't be particularly disadvantageous to us , be it keeping the free trade area , or perhaps the customs union . 
  in essence , i 'm also hoping for different levels of integration - and the sooner they are formalized , the better for everyone involved . 
  with opposed-to-federalization-uk in , the group of countries that do n't want to federalize any further ( which will hopefuly include poland ) , will be able to negotiate better terms of association with the hypothetical group of countries that would decide to push for federalization after all . 
  not really surpriging , considering that * people * tend to want all the benefits of * anything * they do , while minimizing all the responsibility or burden connected with it . 
  it 's quite deeply ingrained in human nature . 
   your country is being subsidised by the eu in its democratisation process , we started our `` democratization process '' around 1989 on our own , and ended it around 1991 . 
  there 's not much to `` subsidize '' ever since then . 
   subsidised by its cap , farmers all over the eu are subsidized by cap . 
  in fact , farmers in richer eu countries get subsidized way more than the polish farmers . 
   is given free movement of its workers to boost its gnp exponentially ... and to brain-drain us out of valuable workers , it 's not like we only benefit from it . 
  but even despite that , i 'm still quite * alright * with the eu , as at the end of the day , our country still benefits more from it , than it 's disadvantaged by it . 
  in fact , i 'm so content with the current situation ( though i was even more content with the one 10 years ago , before the lisbon treaty ) , i do n't want the eu to evolve in any way resulting in closer federalization . 
   i fucking hate polish nationalists . 
  conversely , i fucking hate the eu federalists , and the already outlined false dichotomy they use ( with a condescending smugness ) as their only argument . 
  quite the contrary , i hope we 'll manage to keep it as a loose economic community of sovereign countries instead of some dystopian superstate for as long as we can . 
  and if uk stays in , chances are we wo n't be forced to say `` well , it was nice while it lasted '' anytime soon . 
  i do n't want to federalize with * anyone * . 
  and certainly not with russia , especially considering that i like our current free trade area and customs union deal with the rest of europe quite a lot . 
  just do n't want it to go any closer . 
  if uk leaves now , we 'll probably have to leave at some point too , and that i would n't like . 
  i 'd rather have uk remain in eu , as in the future we 'll certainly need powerful allies in our efforts to counter the further federalization of eu . 
   no , you can just start with not selling any more parcels to developers , why ? 
  there are way too many empty parcels in warsaw , and they should be sold and built over with buildings . 
  that how cities tend to function . 
  for a city its size , warsaw has incredibly low population density . 
   if city management would support that with the same fervor they are supporting building towers then it would look veeery different . 
  i like to crap on the city managment as much as every varsovian , but i do n't think they are wrong in this particular aspect . 
  on the other hand , they could finally publish zoning plans for the entire city .
