  there is no such thing as `` hate speech '' in polish legal system . 
  the closest to that would be a constitutional ban on political parties postulating the * totalitarian methods * of communism . 
  nazism and fascism . 
   weeding them out of the job market . 
  oh , you would like to see people , whose beliefs you disagree with , `` weeded out of the job market '' ? 
  i do n't know whether france really is this kind of hellhole , or just that it 's you who speak about such things so casually , but * thoughtcrime * is definitely not a thing in poland . 
   over the last few years it has became an opportunity for nationalists , polish fascists and the like to ` have fun ' while smashing everything on their way , destroying pavements , bus stops and burning cars . 
  seems that you have posted your pre-written comment the wrong year , as there were n't any instances of `` smashing everything on their way , destroying pavements , bus stops and burning cars . '', 
  in this particular march . 
   added an allegedly you added it in the wrong place , it should have been : `` the crash was * allegedly * caused by kaczy\u0144ski '' . 
   because russia had army in poland , in 1945 , russians had an army in bornholm and parts of austria as well , yet they were eventually persuaded to withdraw by the western allies . 
  the polish plane that crashed * was * a military aircraft , it belonged to the 36th special regiment of aviation transport . 
  nah , i 've been using firefox since 2005 , and i have yet to see a reason to switch . 
  well , we also used to have our grid synchronized with the soviet one , but have switched to a european system like 20 years ago . 
  \\  implying that 's not what should have been done the moment it became clear russians are not going to give us our plane wreckage back anytime soon well , better now than never , though i doubt it will amount to anything either way . 
   the three baltic republics want to switch their electricity grid from a russian to a european system , i wonder why have n't they done so earlier . 
   chrome well , the best way to avoid tracking in chrome would be to uninstall it , as chrome has a built-in spyware . 
  not really , the mccarthy comments are mostly in regards to his zealousness . 
  anyhow , macierewicz 's countless contributions to the anti-communist resistance in 65-89 period are indubitably the most honorable , but nowadays he sadly approaches the problem from the wrong way . 
  i think you are misunderstanding - nobody is calling him out because of his opposition to russia ( that is pretty much a consensus , around here there are no major factions * not opposing * russia ) , the problem are his approaching absurdal levels conspiracy theories and paranoias . 
  i am pretty much as `` russophobic '' as one can get , and i still consider his nomination to such an important post a quite irresponsible idea . 
  yeah , the word `` stagnation '' is actually a bit too positive description of the situation , at this point it 's getting into `` slow decline '' territory . 
  the population started to actually decline only a few years ago , economical problems of japan date much further . 
  no , it 's about economy size , remember that japan is in permanent stagnation since early 90s , and their economy nowadays is smaller than it was in * 1995 * . 
   if kosovo is part of serbia why then it does n't have a jurisdiction there ? 
  if donetsk is a part of ukraine then why it does n't have a jurisdiction there ? 
  not really , both \u017bywiec , warka and le\u017cajsk belong to heineken , and they are all marked here . 
  the most frequently used words and phrases are largely germanic though . 
  it 's missing * a lot * of breweries in poland , and many of those that it managed to include are completely misplaced , not to even mention that like half of the country ( which happens to include many significant breweries ) is covered by denmark 's data . 
  if quality of this map in regards to other countries is similar to the one it has in regards to poland , i do n't think it 's very informative - quite the contrary . 
   affiliated with pepsi , not coke that 's a one good thing about them . 
   there is no fascist party in poland 's parliament that resembles the hungarian jobbik . 
  actually , some members of ruch narodowy * were * elected , from kukiz \u201915 lists . 
  i would n't necessarily call them `` fascist '' , but rn certainly resembles jobbik quite much . 
  i care . 
  i do n't want turkey to have anything to do with eu as long as they are occupying a part of our member state . 
  same here . 
  goodbye portugal , it was nice knowing you . 
   there is nobody left to represent poland on that meeting . 
  it 's not like they would care about our opinion , in the end germany will force what they want anyway . 
   you think 25 eu countries will support sanctions because russia does n't pay reparations to the baltics ? 
  we certainly would , 24 to go . 
  half of it was , as a part of lithuanian , belarusian and ukrainian ssrs :d, 
   is that a satyrical channel ? 
  no , it 's genuine . 
  to make it more interesting , it 's one of the most popular channels on the polish internet . 
  spain sounds terryfying . 
  alright , good luck then . 
  remember to take in half of asia and africa as well , as apparently they also are `` your responsibility '' . 
  meanwhile , we 'll also stand by our interests , and as it seems that everyone will be happy that way . 
   there 's nothing wrong with the analogy when the point being made is `` why do anything at all if you ca n't save everyone '' . 
  perhaps because neither hospitals , nor our countries exist to `` save everyone '' . 
   not sure why you 're trying to argue about hospitals when the analogy is * really * shitty , one just has to argue . 
   it seems like you completely missed the point or you 're just deliberately pretending to for the sake of having an argument . 
  same could be said about you , and in your case it 's not even the first time today . 
   and that 's the problem , if hospitals ca n't save every sick person that pays taxes or pays for their services , what 's the point ? 
  it 's nice that you have finally noticed a gaping flaw in your analogy - indeed , people pay the hospitals merely for taking the best possible efforts to improve their health , and it 's by no means 100 % sure whether it 'll succeed . 
  on the other hand , our countries are * not * `` hospitals of the world '' and we are certainly * not * getting paid for taking in refugees and illegal immigrants , quite the contrary . 
  well , for all i care sweden * can * drown , eventually bankrupting itself on playing the homeless shelter of the world , if that 's what your people wish . 
  it 's your country and you can do what you want with it , but whatever it will be , i 'd be glad if you restricted this experiment strictly to yourself instead of trying to drag others down together with you . 
   shut them all down so we can all take care of our own medical needs . 
  i guess we are walking in circles here , as we would simply end up creating new hospitals in order to take care of our own medical needs . 
  you are not following this reasoning , as you are completely missing the point . 
  hospitals are not maintained to `` save everyone '' , but because among individual people there exist a demand for medical services , and those people pay - either through a private health insurance , or through a mandatory public one/taxes - to have this demand met . 
  it 's not a charity , it exist solely in order to bring a profit to everyone participating : doctors and medical staff , who want to work there in order to earn their salaries , and patients , who want to get the desired medical services they paid for . 
   following your logic we should just shut down all of our hospitals , our hospitals are either paid from our taxes ( a considerable part of them , i 'd add ) , or are private enterprises which exist primarily to bring their owners profits by providing medical services . 
  in either case , shutting them down would be a rather counterproductive thing to do . 
   if you ca n't be bothered to read anything that doese n't fit your own agenda oh , i did read it . 
  i have looked over the entire document from top to bottom , it 's a rather basic overview of various migrations in post-war europe , most of which are well-known to anyone interested in history even in a slightest - and by an odd coincidence i happen to belong to this apparently exclusive group . 
  sadly , there was nothing indicating that yugoslav migrants came to western europe through poland , or they planned to come here in large numbers , despite what you have claimed . 
   doese n't fit your own agenda i read things that do n't fit `` my agenda '' quite often . 
  sadly , the document you have posted was not one of those things as it lacked any agenda whatsoever being a raw description of a small segment of post-war european history . 
   i can see how you could end up caring so little about other human beings . 
  the levels of pathos in your comments make reading them a quite fun experience . 
   it 's sad to read through the `` discussion '' here and see anyone that does n't agree with the `` refugees are vermin '' agenda get downvoted to oblivion with the unbearable pro-refugee propaganda in a huge chunk of mainstream media , and and any discussion on the topic being heavily restricted over there i can see why people overreact in such a way . 
   perhaps you should try reading it ? 
  start under : i skimmed the entire document looking for relevant keywords . 
  quite an interesting read , but sadly not really relevant to the content of my earlier post . 
   you sound rather misinformed to me , you realise that the reason why they come here is that we actually view them as human beings ? 
  there are over 7 billion of human beings , and at most a billion of them live in well-off , developed , free and fully safe areas . 
  it 's not our responsibility to look after everyone else , and we ca n't bring everyone here , that 's absurd . 
   try again [ 1 ] what exactly are you trying to say here ? 
  i do n't really see anything disproving what i said in this document . 
   why is it so hard for some people to understand basic human compasion ? 
  yeah , the heroic plight of people travelling thousands of kilometers in order to receive a better welfare . 
   are you all misinformed ? 
  quite the contrary , i 'm too well informed to feel even a tiniest bit of compassion for people who , while being in absolute safety and far from war or other danger , spend thousands of euros to illegally cross multiple european borders , openly disrespect the european law while doing that , and then expect the european governments to give them free stuff . 
   please , how do you think they managed to get to western europe ? 
  not through poland . 
   what do you think would 've happened if we had closed our borders ? 
  i do n't know whether you have ever taken a look on the map of europe , but poland was as far from the conflict area as turkey or germany , and to get here you would have to pass through at least two countries that were significantly better off than us back then ( hungary , czechoslovakia ) , and the carpathian mountains . 
  not to even mention that if you could close your borders , so could we . 
   i fail to see anything amusing about the yugoslav wars . 
  on the other hand , i find your notion that yugoslav wars refugees would even consider coming to 90s poland * very * amusing . 
   you honestly think that the benefits you recieve by being part of the eu somehow equates to `` two fries once in a while '' ? 
  yeah , that 's the most accurate description of eu funds i have ever read . 
  luckily noone gives a shit about that around here . 
  poland never dropped below the 1.7-1 .9 % level , which already is way more than most of other nato members . 
   the russian orthodox patriarch declared napoleon to be the new anti-christ because of that . 
  and what the grand mufti of arabia said about that , if we are now putting random historical figures into the conversation ?
