   considering the state of the army - not really oh , it 's not by any means world power class , and could obviously use a massive improvement , but compared to let 's say hungary or czech republic who kinda gave up on military defence matters , or baltic states who are too small to field anything that would make a difference , our army and air force is at least a halfway decent force , that will have rather good equipment if a significant portion of our military spending will continue to be invested into the process of modernization . 
   prepare to be an israel in the middle of europe then . 
  we do , that 's pretty much how our geopolitical situation is commonly seen around here . 
  i do n't know whether you have noticed , but we are one of the few countries in the region that treats its military seriously . 
  as of now are spending over 2 % of our gdp on defence , and that number is planned to be increased in the future . 
   their products are riddled with scandals like terrible unhealthy groceries and poorly made stuff ... and you clearly still keep buying them * en masse * despite that . 
  if that 's does n't count as `` domination '' , i do n't know what does . 
   russia will always be next to poland , until the end of time . 
  precisely . 
  we will always have to seek ways to counter the inherent danger this closeness to russia poses , and in the current period of history we have chosen to do so by maintaining close and friendly ties with world 's primary superpower , usa . 
   totally has nothing to do with billions that can earn by the sheer virtue of having a pipeline going though your territory . 
  actually , nobody in poland gives a shit about that . 
  english does n't have letters for sounds like `` sh '' , `` th '' or `` ch '' either . 
  20th century started on january 1 , 1901 . 
  2 . https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/langes_19._jahrhundert so however you look at it , 1900 is not 20th century under any circumstances . 
  i 'm talking strictly about $ 525 billion worth of polish national wealth that was destroyed by germany during the ww2 , and how this is a number * excluding * the [ amount of potential future wealth that could be potentially created using this destroyed property . 
  ] ( https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/lucrum%20cessans ) when we add what soviet union did it gets even worse than that , but for that damage germany is only * indirectly * responsible . 
   it 's close enough . 
  certainly does n't feel that way whenever i 'm travelling abroad . 
  whether it 's lithuania , germany or italy , it always feels significantly more expensive . 
   face it you ca n't make more money out of your victim role . 
  indeed we ca n't , even if $ 525 billion worth of damages inflicted by germany during the ww2 was finally paid back , there is still 70 years of lost opportunity cost . 
  either way , we ca n't make money out of it . 
  compensation for eastern half of poland annexed by ussr . 
  i 'm only saying that your theory that food prices are literally the same all over the eu is obviously incorrect . 
  not really , but in regards to the cost of groceries , shopping in lithuania always feels like shopping in some luxurious artisan organic food store in poland . 
   everything but meat is similar enough . 
  that is , if you consider 60 % of eu average to be `` similar enough '' . 
  every time i go to lithuania i wonder how on earth you guys manage to afford to live there , with your wages a bit lower than ours , but significantly higher prices in your shops . 
  \\  lithuania not signing it gee , what a surprise . 
  for some reason , 19th century is the only period from which i do n't like seeing historical maps . 
   just ignore/report them . 
  yeah , thoughtcrime is not allowed . 
  well , if they are `` uneasy '' about it , it only means that they never understood what is among poland 's foreign policy tenets in the first place . 
  perhaps because poland 's primary long-term focus in regards to foreign policy is to always maintain very good relations with our most important ally , usa , regardless of whether there are republicans or democrats in power there at the moment . 
   the town at the end of this sand strip is called hel . 
  it was boring . 
  because it used to be a mostly closed military base until the 1990s , and military areas do n't tend to be built with tourism in mind . 
   parts of the forest had been created by an `` enterprising hand of man '' on lands that centuries ago included fields of wheat and millet . 
  what exactly is supposed to be the incorrect part of this statement ? 
  because some of the outside parts of that forest * were * planted by humans throughout the last several hundred years . 
  former prussia is about 200 km to the east from where this photo was taken . 
   i dont know if i have to laugh or cry when i see som1 compare abortion to mass murder . 
  precisely . 
  i wrote it that way on purpose , as your statement sounded exactly as ridiculous . 
   for the same reason a conspiracy theorists dont think he 's a conspiracy theorists . 
  well , it 's rather hard to insist on calling it a `` conspiracy '' , when you yourself right in this thread are advocating replacing the polish identity with something else , and calling major tenets of polish identity `` far-right '' , do n't you think ? 
   they ca n't be place in one specific case as many political party in europe due to the usa political system with only 2 big party which have many political current and their economic policies aside , pis could be easily a faction within the republican party , a somehow mild one on very issues . 
  you can see it by how polish-americans overwhelmingly ( in the range of 70-80 % of votes ) vote for pis every time there are elections . 
   sweden are mainly dominate by 2 party , one mainly center left ( social democracy or social liberalism ) , other mainly center right ( liberal conservatism ) . 
  but swedish center-right party would be considered center-left in poland . 
  and i could well enough call it `` center left '' , if you are calling a polish centre-right/right-wing party `` far-right '' . 
   and when you are a reactionnary/ultra-conservatism movement on society issue like pis , pis is not even close to a reactionary movement . 
  it 's not even * ultra * - conservative , just a regular conservative party . 
  and conservative parties in poland tend to closely follow stances of catholic church on various issues . 
   it always can be harder and deeper in stupidity ( or far right ) until you reach the fascism point ( work on the other extrem side of the spectrum too with leninism/stalinism/maoism ) while an interesting observation , it does n't confirm your claims in any way . 
   pseudo mean it 's not even for religious reason they block morning pill . 
  not ? 
  i 'm quite sure it 's because the technical aspects of using this particular kind of pill are considered equivalent to abortion by the catholic doctrine , and abortion is considered to be something deeply wrong unless it 's an absolute necessity . 
   it 's just a shit argument to hide the classic far right hate for the left/center and their social policy , and the body control of woman by themselves . 
  oh well , what a strawman you have build there . 
  it might be hard , but i 'll try to outdo you with an equivalent strawman argument so maybe you 'll be able to see how ridiculous you sounded : campaigns for allowing abortion are n't actually about `` women rights '' , it 's just a shit argument to hide the classic far-left hate for centre-right/right wing and their social policy , and restrictions on mass murdering human beings . 
  hope you are happy . 
   they 're paranoid and like complo @eu / russia/left have secret plan to destroy real polish identity/sovereignty and to prepare an invasion of islam in poland . 
  there are many things i could say about that , but certainly not that it is * secret * . 
   everything going wrong is the other fault . 
  we are victims of mean other country who dont like us . 
  does n't seem like that from over here , especially considering that most things are going quite right as of now . 
   but they push it to a level never reached since communism end in poland . 
  do they ? 
  as a someone who have directly witnessed a good number of polish governments so far , they do n't seem in any way exceptional in that particular regard . 
   it 's one reason why you think pis is not far right . 
  the other reason being that they simply * are n't * far right in the slightest . 
   it 's not because majority of population lean deep to the right ( and the majority of political party in poland ) that far right is ` nt far right i 'm quite sure it actually is . 
  for example , most swedish parties would certainly be considered far-left in poland , but that does n't mean that they are also far-left within the swedish political spectrum as well . 
   i 'm not manichean if i think there is no goodness in every side of political spectrum . 
  imo everything is dark grey ( rarely and for a short time , sometime grey when left/center/right governs ) or dark . 
  you probably think i 'm a leftist . 
  but we can shit together on left/right/center or far left without any problem . 
  they 're almost as rotten as the far right that 's a novelty , a statement that is n't factually wrong and i do n't disagree with - perhaps expect for the `` almost '' part . 
   absolutly not , you have a logical problem here . 
  again it 's not because the massive majority of political party in poland lean deep to the right that far right isnt far right or maybe it 's the massive majority of political parties in wherever you live that leans deep to the left , so what is n't far-right in the slightest might appear as such to you due to the inherent bias you might have resulting from the narrow opinion corridor you are accustomed to . 
  personally , i 've always seen the us political spectrum as much more similar to the polish one than whatever leftwards-skewed spectrum they have in most of western europe . 
  republicans would really be just a regular centre-right to right-wing party here ( even if their economic views would be considered very liberal ) , while democrats would probably be a minor left-wing to centre-left party . 
   hardcore polonization actually happened after napoleonic wars well , it 's not our fault that it was the polish culture which happened to be the most attractive alternative to russification for the inhabitants of lands of former commonwealth . 
  and there also was another curious phenomenon that happened after napoleonic wars . 
  a bunch of hipsters who considered the polish culture to be way too mainstream for them , invented another culture for themselves basing it on purposefuly making all possible aspects of it the opposite of the polish one , while borrowing vocabulary from minor peasant dialects of samogitia and auksztota . 
  much to the surprise of the better part of inhabitants of former grand duchy , that group started to call themselves `` lithuanians '' . 
  yeah , union with lithuania was a critical mistake for poland that diluted our government even more than it already was , and got us involved with their pointless eastern conflicts . 
   hard nationalism lol . 
  if pis is `` hard nationalist '' , i do n't know how you would call * actual * nationalist parties in poland like ruch narodowy , or nationalist organizations like onr or nop . 
   want to limit morning-after pill for pseudo religious reason i do n't understand what `` pseudo '' is supposed to mean here . 
   paranoia the most paranoid thing i have seen in polish politics are paranoid leftists accusing pis of being all sorts of things they are n't . 
   complotism ??? 
   populism populism is n't inherently right-wing , left-wing or centrist . 
   seek scapegoat/ennemy to deturn population on real issue ... so they are like any other party that thas ever ruled poland ? 
   manichean you seem like quite a manichean individual yourself . 
   nostalgia of pseudo golden past . 
  you just described 80 % of polish society . 
   i dont doubt it exist more than 1 far right party in poland if half of the parties in poland would be classified as `` far right '' ( because that would be the case if * even * such a tame and firmly inside the overton window party as pis gets that label according to you ) , cleaely there 's something wrong with your clasification .
