  precisely . 
  and you sound very insulting by insinuating that poland somehow * wanted * to be in the eastern block , or take part in the sick communist experiment . 
  well , * some * people probably did , but they were a small fringe , just like in your country . 
  the only reason this fringe managed to take power here , and ( fortunately for you ) did n't in wherever you live was that unlike your country , our country was sadly occupied by the soviet union . 
   therefore my view has a bigger chance of being less biased . 
  in this particular case you sadly do n't seem to even grasp the situation . 
  that 's why it did n't belong to poland in the interwar . 
  the same sadly could n't be said about lithuania and memel . 
   even if you gave them facts well , with facts it becomes even more clear that it should have rightfuly belonged to poland in the interwar period . 
  republic of lithuania 's claim back then was so weak it was almost laughable . 
   troops on the ground , massive amount , everywhere yeah , sounds like soviet-occupied poland in 40s , before the quisling government managed to fully secure their position . 
  after that , most of work was done by locla collaborants who were only kept in check by more sparsely stationed soviet troops . 
  overall , the all-time high support of commies in poland was at around 20-25 % , and for most of the time the number was much lower . 
   , there is no delusion on my side , there are only attempts to exaggerate the power and the influence of russia . 
  power and influence of ( soviet ) russia was literally the * only * thing that brought them to power and kept them in it long enough to build their own power structures , so it 's rather hard to exaggerate it . 
  it is simply a historical fact . 
   as i said , there is no way that soviets/russia could have kept dissent under wraps without the tacit support of the population in your and other countries . 
  conversely , there is no way that nazi germany could have kept dissent under wraps without the tacit support of the population in france and other countries . 
   how many , nobody knows , as there was no free elections nor pluralism . 
  oh , fortunately we * can * know as we had numerous examples of mass anti-communist resistance . 
  for example , during the several months in early 1980s when the first solidarity started to gain traction , over 10 million people - out of ~ 35m total population at the time - became * members * of it before the high echelons of the organization were arrested and the rest of society was pacified by brutal martial law . 
  in comparison , the commie party membership throughout the entire occupation period had never exceeded the 3 million members mark , and such number would reflect their level of support in society ( including all the opportunists who joined it as the commie party membership provided immense benefits in all segments of life ) . 
   but from there , to `` all eastern bloc was occupied by russia '' , which is what you claimed , is amassive leap of faith . 
  how exactly ? 
  it expressed all symptoms of occupation - enemy military stationing in our country , and backing up the local collaborant viceroys who were closely following all the orders from moscow ( while the legitimate government remained in exile since 1939 ) . 
  to say that it * was n't * an occupation would be a massive leap of faith , and unfortunately for you the one not supported by any facts . 
   in all of the violent incidents involving russia ( and not only russia , mind you ) vs. any other country , local population was involved on the side of russia . 
  yes , the local hungarian population was totally on the side of russia during the 1956 soviet invasion of their country when russian troops were massacring them . 
   my point stands : you 're whitewashing yourself . 
  yeah , we are also `` whitewashing ourselves '' when we say that auschwitz was actually a german concentration camp and generalgouvernement was n't actually a polish government . 
   so it 's not russians , it 's `` soviets '' truth be told , soviet union * is * percieved as the russian empire 2.0 with an ugly red flag around here , but that 's a topic for an entirely different discussion . 
   population in all those countries was complicit enough for at least two decades resistance * was * futile . 
  going all out like hungarians in 1956 would result in a similar massacre . 
   there was nowhere near enough foreign troops on the ground to call the situation `` an occupation '' . 
  not enough ? 
  it was clear to everyone that those occupational troops are ready to curb any potential dissent ( that 's the very reason they were stationing in our country ) , and if that was n't enough , there were many soviet troop stationed right besides the 1300km long polish-soviet border encircling us from north and east , and in east germany to the west . 
   but large swaths of the population accepted the situation and participated . 
  yeah , there sadly was a quite numerous group of opportunists , who made up the quisling government in the later stages . 
  for regular people ( as well as the large part of previously mentioned collaborants ) the communist ideology was something absurdal , alien and imposed , something to make fun of privately , a big circus we have to mantain and participate in to keep moscow content and unviolent . 
   and if they did not , there is no way that an unrest and disobedience could have been contained by the russian army . 
  yeah , the 1944-49 soviet terror in poland during which the communist regime was illegally imposed , or soviet invasions of hungary in 1956 or czechoslovakia in 1968 apparently never happened . 
  initially i thought you are simply uneducated on historical matters , but it turns out to be something much much worse . 
  it 's not everyday that i encounter someone with such severe level of delusion . 
  it 's just a really funny thing to see nowadays , around here the communist rhetoric and entire marxist philosophy were thrown into dustbin of history about 30 years ago , and at most are treated as an outdated exotic oddity ever since . 
   completely unrelated to what i was trying to say , but ... puh-lease !, 
  it 's not unrelated , hypotetical soviet-occupied netherlands or soviet-occupied finland would operate on the exact same totalitarian principle soviet-occupied poland or soviet-occupied * germany * did . 
  there was nothing inherent about it - the only deciding factor here was whether the country was occupied by the red army or not . 
  your absurdal claim suggested incredibly poor understanding of post-ww2 history in europe , thus i just had to comment . 
   sure , russians were leading the dance , but all of warsaw pact countries were complicit somewhat . 
  it 's true that organized armed anti-soviet resistance ceased in 1950s ( and , lacking any outside support and being encircled by the enemy , was doomed to fail long before that ) , and local quislings gradually took over from the initial moscow-raised occupational regime . 
  it was still universally regarded as an enemy occupation in society . 
  if we were `` complicit '' , so were countries like norway or france during the ww2 . 
   what you say is a pittiful attempt to rewrite history in order to whitewash yourself and throw all the dirt over to whoever soviet-occupation of poland was literally the only reason commies ever managed to grab power in poland , hold it , and mainatain it for so long despite abysmal levels of popular support throughout the entire period . 
  all while the * actual * government of the republic of poland had to remain in exile in london until 1990 . 
  weimar triangle is even more dead and defunct than v4 . 
   europe must prepare for millions more migrants yeah , we must protect our borders so those millions of illegal migrants wo n't enter . 
  infering from the current sad state of european border protection , a great deal of preparation is needed in that regard indeed . 
  yeah , we did n't have candies , art and textiles in europe until very recently . 
  yea , `` emerged '' . 
  funny way to spell `` were artifically imposed by an occupant '' . 
  quite the contrary , in 90s and early 00s it was indeed a rarity to see anyone using polish-specific letters like \u0105\u0107\u0119\u0142\u0144\u00f3\u015b\u017c\u017a on the internet due to encoding issues , but as those issues were more or less resolved with time , people started to use them again . 
  i never knew there still existed people who are using phrases like `` class war '' unironically until i started to frequent reddit . 
  it feels almost like in a historical novel . 
   including one of your precious v4 states , yeah , we are still baffled by that around here as well . 
  neither did po before 2005 . 
  though perhaps i was just more na\u00efve back then . 
  i do n't think you have read my post then . 
  as a former po supporter , anything  post-2007 po . 
  i would n't even think twice before voting for a party like 2001-2005 po , but i have no illusions - if nowoczesna ever reaches a position where they will be a ruling party , they will end up as the exact same worthless shit po became ever since they won the elections in 2007 . 
  heh , i did n't even look for them for i have way more intresting things to waste my day on than trying to reason with some random lunatic on the internet whose claims are obviously mixing causation with effect . 
  have fun emigrating to democratic republic of kongo though , i heard it is quite diverse over there so economic opportunities are certainly amazing , 
  they somehow managed to lose the presidential elections in which their candidate was running as a rather popular incumbent , after a very bad , full of pr mistakes and at times outright desperate electoral campaign . 
  also , the temporary `` tusk left to eu , new opening '' effect ( which you can see in late 2014 ) ended , and the current support levels are almost linear continnuation of an earlier trend . 
   [ citation needed ] you have a nice google box in the top right corner of your browser , that 's where you 'd find such citation . 
  i 'm not the one claiming that `` most economists believe it '' . 
   they are never discussed here . 
  see , that 's your problem . 
  you can equally as easily google `` negative effects of cultural diversity '' , and link several various papers . 
  you claimed that `` most economists believe it '' , post results of a poll among all economists in which they were questioned whether `` diversity causes growth '' , or not . 
  otherwise your words remain an empty claim . 
  anyhow , you seem to have cause and effect reversed here , as otherwise various countries in subsaharan africa would be among the most affluent ones . 
  conversely , the western european countries became wealthy way before they imported third worlders to their countries , and countries like japan , south korea or taiwan became wealthy while remaining culturally homogenous to this day . 
  80 % of major media outlets in our country is being owned by various german companies . 
  it 's superfluous and conspiratorial to think that they * do n't * try to influence the public opinion here to germany 's benefit . 
  unanimous stance on the refugee issue among the german-owned media , which was constant hagiography reaching absurdal levels , would be the most recent example . 
  it 's not the decision itself , but the last minute stance change that pissed me off so much . 
  neither is what is happening right now . 
  well , anyhow as for now this pro-refugee propaganda campaign seems to have an opposite effect from the one intended , likely due to its blatantness . 
  because your bias is the only correct bias , am i right ? 
   much better to be constantly bombarded with stories about how the muslims are coming to rape your family , take all your benefits and your job . 
  yeah , our media could use some pluralism in that regard , because as for now anything that is not a refugee hagiography is not published * and * the comments on several major portals are completely blocked on anything even remotely connected with this issue . 
   can you point to any evidence for this ? 
  shareholder structure ? 
  most of major news outlets is owned by various german media companies like axel springer , bauer or polskapresse ( polish branch of verlagsgruppe passau ) . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  precisely , * i * would be fine . 
  if i have to suffer a bias either way , i 'd rather have it to be a bias that does not require me to constantly read between the lines . 
  i 'm not ok , throughout the last decade or so since i started to somewhat care about politics , i 've never been so angry and pissed off about any decision of our government before , like about what they did yesterday . 
  yes , our agenda is obediently following all the whims and orders of germany , i forgot about it . 
   you basically prefer a media that does n't tell you the truth if it does n't fit in with their own political narrative i * prefer * ?
