   and anyway , the fact that the government is simply ignoring a ( legally valid ) verdict from the tribunal is blatantly antidemocratic . 
  the fact that tribunal was ignoring the legally valid ( under presumption of constitutionality ) statute regulating its operation while issuing this verdict is also undemocratic . 
   it does n't really matter what the `` man in the street '' thinks . 
  both sides in this conflict are in the wrong , and that 's the opinion both i and many of those `` undecided '' hold . 
  `` che hi ya '' would be closer to the original name in czech though . 
  uhm , i meant something along the lines of `` neither side has most of poland agreeing with them , despite what the original poster claimed '' , but english is n't my first language , so i might have worded that badly . 
  the polish government to do n't give a single crap about european parliament 's declaration . 
  well , by an odd coincidence , the polish members that voted for the resolution happen to be the guys who lost elections last year and still feel salty about that . 
  yeah , those polish immigrants to the netherlands , [ such a drain on your country . 
  well , de facto there are * no * legitimate forms of punishment , as every decision that could be genuinely harmful needs to be unanimous , and we can count on at least hungary to block it ( and vice versa ) . 
  the * existence * of constitutional court is mentioned in constitution , so not really . 
  on the other hand , the only thing constitution mentions about the * way tribunal operates * is that `` the organization of the constitutional tribunal , as well as the mode of proceedings before it , shall be specified by statute . '' . 
  well , it was specified by statute , a new one . 
  not proceeding according to it is while it 's still valid according to the presumption of constitutionality principle is clearly a breach of the constitution by the tribunal . 
  perhaps a new , better written constitution , free of such stupid loopholes will be adapted one day , but for now we can enjoy the spectacle . 
   that 's just pure bullshit . 
  it 's not bullshit , i happen to watch tv once in a while , and back before the elections the pro-po propaganda on tvp channels was simply unbearable . 
  even tvn seemed more unbiased in comparison . 
  admitably it 's the other way around right now , but at least this way we have more pluralism in mainstream media now , with tvn being biased pro-po and anti-pis , tvp being biased pro-pis , and polsat being mostly neutral , with perhaps slight bias against pis - a huge improvement , when compared to the earlier situation with pro-po circlejerk everywhere . 
   but this false equivalence proposing that whatever pis did `` po did the same '' is a ludicrous cocktail of denial and lies . 
  oh , but that 's exactly the case here . 
  the only difference being that pis simply did it less subtly and less gradually than po did . 
   because the bill pis released was ruled unconstitutional so , according to you , it was somehow ruled unconstitutional * before * it was ruled unconstitutional ? 
  i 'm afraid we are getting into time paradox territory here . 
  pretty idiotic , is n't it ? 
   thus not binding no , it is legally binding as long as there wo n't be a ruling stating that it is not constitutional after all . 
  that 's how presumption of constitutionality works . 
  who is the idiot now again ? 
  quite stupid and not at all foolproof , but then again the 1997 constitution is full of such holes , and it 's high time someone finally called bullshit on it . 
   right , but is it just about economics ? 
  pretty much , considering that poles who emigrated to richer countries tend to have more children . 
   do n't you think culture also matters ? 
  it does , but to a way smaller extent than economic conditions . 
   people make sacrifices based on cultural values all the time . 
  and people around here more often than not decide to live on a moderately first-world standard of living with no children , or one child tops , rather than barely making ends meet with three or more children , which would ensure a fertility rate above generational replacement . 
  in developed countries , children are expensive investments . 
   why is n't the cultural base of poland strong enough to overcome , or at least soften , the economic disadvantage . 
  great question , but then again the previous paragraph pretty much explains it in my opinion . 
   it should be . 
  more , it must become one . 
  luckily it 's not one yet . 
  and i hope we 'll leave it before it ever becomes one , preferably at the last possible moment . 
   present state of eu is n't working of course it is n't , the attempts at integration already went too far and it 's causing much problems for everyone involved . 
  unlike uk or us , eu is not a country , and poland is not its province . 
   and pis ignored that ruling . 
  just like the tribunal ignored the - legally binding at the time - bill regulating the way it is supposed to operate . 
  two can play this game , apparently . 
   when their govt follows their hungarian counterparts into selling to country to russia ? 
  considering that the party leader holds a deep personal hatred towards russia , and ruling party 's electorate is among the most anti-russian segments of polish society , it 's about as likely as the netherlands winning euro 2016 . 
  for one , they recently passed a law which will remove the remaining soviet statues and street names , not really a russia-friendly move . 
   they are ( among other things ) reforming the state owned media to become a propaganda machine for their policies . 
  which is indeed a terrible offense , especially considering that before `` reforms '' the state owned media were , for a change , propaganda machine for * former * government 's policies . 
  apparently , it 's okay only when the correct guys do this though . 
   maybe you have a theory or two . 
  we are well-off enough that having many children is not a necessity like in third world countries , but on the other hand we are not well-off enough to easily sustain multiple children on an average wage ( there are some measures to counter that , for example government giving out 500pln a month for every child to families with more than one child , though in my opinion they are somewhat misguided ) . 
  were we as `` poor '' ( or rather rich ) as northern ireland , i have no doubt we would have similar birth rates - after all , polish emigrants to , say , uk on average have over 2 children per woman . 
  as it 's already low , implementing laws like the one they seem to have in romania would only make it even worse . 
  getting rid of [ half of your potential future workforce each year ] ( http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/policy/abortion/mapeuropeabrate3big.gif ) like in romania 's case seems like an interesting development strategy indeed , but i hope we wo n't emulate that one either . 
  you are free to stay poor then . 
   i see that you will make up any lie just to prove me wrong . 
  whole your post screams of varsovian inferiority complex . 
  that 's funny , because your posts could pretty much serve as an illustration next to the article about delusion of grandeur . 
   it 's not really my fault that my city is so superior varsovians tremble at mere sight of krak\u00f3w . 
  nah , i actually thought krakow was overrated . 
  do n't understand me wrong , it * was * quite * nice * , but as i already said i 've been to at least several better cities , and that 's only in poland . 
   but please do n't move here why would i ? 
  to inhale your poisonous air ? 
  the only metropolis in that area is katowice anyway , and from what i recall commute there from krakow is a nightmare . 
   nah , it 's a well known fact . 
  no one with a sane mind would compare krak\u00f3w to any of those second class cities . 
  well , krak\u00f3w itself is a second-class city in europe . 
  and it might be a bit more known internationally , but to anyone who have actually * been * to those cities , it 's clearly in the exact same class as gda\u0144sk , pozna\u0144 , toru\u0144 or wroc\u0142aw are ( and to be frank , it 's not even the best out of those ) . 
   no , but all decent cities in central europe are . 
  source : you pulled it out of your ass . 
  especially considering that they are more similar to cities in germany than to krak\u00f3w . 
  then again , krak\u00f3w itself felt to me like a cheap and neglected copy of vienna , especially outside planty . 
   nope . 
  yep . 
   it 's not delusion , those are facts . 
  no , it 's your * opinion * . 
  and differentiating between facts and opinions is an important skill you sadly seem to lack . 
   those cities may be regionally renowned but krak\u00f3w is the only one that matters internationally . 
  the level of international knowledge ( like in krak\u00f3w 's case , as a cheap spot to get drunk and vomit ) is completely irrelevant to whether or not a city is beautiful , valuable architecturally , or whatever this discussion was about . 
   at best they 're cheap copies of krak\u00f3w . 
  yeah , soon we 'll hear from you that rome , kyoto or alexadria are `` cheap copies of krak\u00f3w '' as well : ddd delusion level over 9000 . 
   there is not a single castle in the world better than wawel . 
  there are literally dozens of castles on par with wawel or better in europe . 
  even in poland , i was more impressed by malbork . 
   none of these comes even close . 
  yes , that 's the delusion i 've been talking about . 
  personally , i 've found both to be better than krak\u00f3w , both in regards to overall architecture , as well as its maintenance . 
  the only category in which krak\u00f3w tops either would be the castle but then again , there are many better castles than wawel . 
   looks like someone is mad because his city is one big ugly commie block . 
  oh , i am indeed mad about that , as some of the ideas of our post-war planners rank high among the biggest crimes against urbanism in the history of mankind . 
  the city got destroyed in ww2 , and a completely different , way shittier one was built on its ruins ( though it 's slowly getting better ) . 
   krakow 's centre is top1 in europe though . 
  eh , i 'd argue whether it 's even top1 in poland . 
  pozna\u0144 and toru\u0144 are at least comparable , and gda\u0144sk and wroc\u0142aw also come close though especially in case of the latter they get negative points for butchered commie-era reconstruction . 
   deluded varsovians are funny . 
  not as funny as deluded cracovians though .
