  it totally makes this situation way better . 
  i ca n't even comprehend this shitty logic . 
   so you have no trouble brain-draining other countries , well , at the moment my country in particular belongs to the brain - * drained * category , so a change would be nice . 
   why has n't france had a civil war then ? 
  why not britain ? 
  maybe the proportion of not-assimilated immigrants is not high enough - they are even not in double digits yet . 
  maybe it 'll never even happen there - i sincerely hope it wo n't . 
  interestingly enough , each of the three countries you have mentioned has experienced at least one instance of large-scale riots during the last decade - and i find it hard to imagine anything like that could possibly happen in my ( significantly poorer yet without many third world immigrants ) country . 
   no i was referring to the millions of indians and pakistanis that moved to britain . 
  good for britain for finding the kind of immigrants that integrate nicely and do n't cause more problems on average than native population then . 
  though i also heard that 's not neccesarily the case with pakistanis . 
   why are you quoting something i did n't say ? 
  i said immigration is a natural occurrence in human history . 
  oh , so european history is suddenly not a part of `` human history '' ? 
   so if i get stronger that means you 're getting weaker ? 
  of course you do . 
  `` cultural strenght '' is something inherently relative to other cultures . 
   you 're still strong , it 's just that i 'm getting stronger as well . 
  and thus i 'm getting relatively weaker . 
   it 's not a cultural competition you know . 
  it 's actually very much a cultural competition . 
   you really think some refugees and immigrants , crossing over in boats are coming to conquer europe ? 
  how ? 
   oh , they are not commanded by some sjpreme authority , if that 's what you are suggesting . 
  there 's a significant portion among them who would like our countries to change in a way accomodating their convictions and traditions rather than they asskmilate to ours themselves - which is potentially a very dangerous thing . 
  and that 's the best thing about living in a free country . 
  you are not going to be executed for disagreeing . 
  i would say both hitler and stalin were equally bad . 
  mass murder is mass murder , it 's equally as bad regardless of what kind of flawed logic stood behind it . 
   not because they hated poles as a race , but because they 'd decided that it was safer and easier to kill poles than have to deal with them , right ? 
  ... those are levels of mental gymnastics i have never seen before . 
   ( again , make no mistake i 'm not justifying either and both were unforgivably horrific ) then why are you trying so hard to apologize stalin ? 
  \\  implying nazi hatred ca n't be backed by `` logical reasoning '' ( however flawed such reasoning would n't be )  killing someone because they 're black is a worse crime than killing someone because you want their property . 
  ... except soviets also killed poles simply because they were poles . 
  `` see , he is not that bad after all ! '', 
  gradual deportations ( which were pretty much equivalent with a death sentence ) of poles from soviet-occupied poland are well documented . 
  had stalin not been interrupted by axis invasion then yes , that would be the inevitable result if the soviet policies continued for few more years . 
  it 's not like germans managed to kill all the six million jews in a year and a half either . 
  `` let 's get rid of all the jews from the territories we conquered '' `` let 's get rid of all the poles from the territories we conquered '' totally two different things , i guess jews are just more precious than some subhuman poles . 
  when `` getting your ideologies realised '' includes indiscriminate mass murder of millions of people i would think all distinctions whether one is more `` evil '' than the other become void . 
  yeah , they only intentionally tried to kill a significant portion of it . 
  but at least they did n't try to * completely * exterminate poles , look how benevolent soviets were !, 
  oh , even stranger thing is that katy\u0144 was neither the first nor the biggest atrocity of soviets against poles . 
  it 's as if no polish women , old men and children were deported by soviets into middle of nowhere to die , or anything . 
  you are reaching a new low with your each comment , keep going . 
  winston churchill was also a racist . 
  what matters in the end is * what * they did , not * why * . 
  i can link you a list of stalin 's actions prior to 1941 clearly suggesting that his goal could n't be any different than destructuon of poland and extermination of poles . 
  seems that stalin had to change his mind in regards to poles somewhere between 1941 and 1944 then , because all his actions prior to that moment would suggest exactly that endgame . 
  i 'm glad he did , and ultimately we `` only '' had to suffer a moderately brutal occupation for 45 years , but that does not diminish his earlier crimes any less . 
  you can use the exact same argumentation to argue that holocaust was n't actually as bad as holocaust , because millions of jews in america survived . 
   hitler also wanted to exterminate ethnicities and racial groups . 
  and stalin wanted to mass-murder ethnicities ( admitably not the point of extinction , so i guess it must be alright - he just did it for shits and giggles ) and exterminate social groups . 
  again , how exactly one is any better than the other ? 
   indeed , neither was it racially charged . 
  tell me , in which way exactly , [ this operation was n't racially ( or rather ethnically , as poles are not a race ) charged . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=polish_operation_of_the_nkvd ) all nazis had to do was to simply justify themselves by an order to kill all `` jewish spies '' , or some similar bullshit , and then holocaust would be just a regular , `` pragmatic '' , `` horrible and unjust '' thing , am i right ? 
   was n't , but the reason why the jewish person died matters for future generations since it is a unique reason in history there were many other cases where people were being killed simply for their ethnicity , like armenians in ottoman empire in 1915 , or poles in soviet union in 1937 . 
   man , stalin was a very bad person , but he was n't out to kill an entire `` race '' . 
  no , he was even more indiscriminate in who he was ordering to be killed . 
  one time it were random polish farmers from a particular chunk of land ( 1940-41 deportations of poles ) , the other time all the people you could find in the leningrad phonebook who happened to have polish surnames ( 1937-38 genocide of soviet union poles ) , or maybe perhaps polish officers taken pow after soviet invasion of poland ( 1940 katy\u0144 massacre ) . 
  end effect was exactly the same - innocent people killed by the evil totalitarian regime for things they had no control over . 
  so all you say is that mass murder of poles done by soviet union was better than mass murder of poles done by nazi germany because it was n't * industrial * , and instead they used good old methods like executions by shooting , overworking in slave labour camps or starvation ? 
  was a polish teacher or doctor murdered by nkvd because he was a polish doctor * less dead * than a polish jew murdered by germans in treblinka because he was a polish jew ? 
  personally i find this line of thinking hard of comprehend . 
  well , the only possible method to make communism * potentially * work is to exterminate all non-communists so i 'd say ideologically they are also pretty much the same kind of shit . 
   there 's a big difference between an attempt to destroy an entire ethnic group ( like the nazis did with the jews or the ottomans with the armenians ) yeah , the trick is to attempt to only * patrially * destroy an ethnic group , like for example murdering only 1/3 of poles living in ussr before the war instead of * all * of them , or deporting only about 1 million of poles from soviet-annexed poland to siberia and kazakhstan where half of them died of starvation and terrible conditions , instead of * all * of them . 
  oh , you must be living under a huge rock then . 
  i constantly see it mentioned on the internet and from time to time even in a casual political conversation ( though there are slight vartiations between many versions of this theory , like magdalenka talks often being replaced by the round table talks ) . 
   so , for example , you think immigration has a negative impact on the scientific relevance of europe ? 
  oh , moving the goalposts i see . 
  your original question was `` is european civilization is under threat '' , not `` is european civilization under threat as a fault of immigration '' , so i proceeded to mention things indicating that it 's indeed the case , both low levels of innovation in european science , and unreasonable levels of third world immigration being among them . 
  i do n't think i implied causality connection between the two . 
  but to answer this new question - no , mass low-skilled immigration has no positive impact on scientific output of europe . 
  whether it has negative , one would have to look on allocation of scientific funds and whether they were decreased at the cost of welfare programs . 
  all that said , i have nothing against inviting highly skilled , educated professionals to europe . 
   so just like europe integrated different cultures , so it can integrate a few more . 
  it can , or it can not - we 'll see in decades . 
  it 's a social experiment conducted on the organism of living society . 
  and as my country has already fallen victim of another social experiment which in the end turned out to be a miserable failure ( 40 years of communism imposed by the soviet occupation ) i am obviously suspicious of such experiments that might harmfully affect multiple future generation . 
   they can co-exist next to each other , just like they 're doing now . 
  yeah , i mean yugoslavia was also a nice country where many cultures ( that actually were obviously way less different than cultures of europeans and middle eastern/african immigrants ! ), 
  co-existed next to each other . 
  i wonder what happened to it . 
   britain was getting conquered by immigrants ? 
  normans ? 
  i figured those were the ones you were referencing when you mentioned that `` immigration did wonders to britain '' . 
   err no it 's not , you mentioned war and conquering before that comment . 
  in fact that comment you quoted was a response to your comment about war . 
  are you confusing immigration with conquering ? 
  you were the one claiming that `` mass immigration was a completely normal occurence throughout european history '' . 
  and as immigration to the extent happening right now have n't happened since the fall of roman empire , i figured you must count wars of conquest and subsequent migration as `` immigration '' . 
   completely disagree . 
  european culture is still very strong . 
  just because other cultures are getting stronger and more apparent that does n't mean european culture is dying . 
  but of course it does . 
   think you honestly believe these immigrants and refugees are hordes of `` mongols '' trying to conquer europe some of them certainly are . 
  some are n't . 
   even though i think the way you 've phrased it is hyperbole , yeah , things change . 
  how is all this relevant to immigration ?
