   unless you can say the same about poland , i suggest you should stop sucking american cock and snap back to reality . 
  oh , but that 's precisely why we are `` sucking american cock '' . 
  still an improvement compared to being raped by a russian one . 
   they could fuck up your country in a matter of days . 
  we could fuck lithuania or slovakia up ( similar size and power disparity as between poland and russia ) in a matter of days , but that does n't make us a superpower . 
  that does n't mean they are not dangerous . 
  quite the contrary . 
  they still can fuck shit up heavily in this part of europe , even if they lack global power projection capabilities and have no chance to win in the end . 
   i do n't know if you 're aware , but navies are part of armed forces . 
  you just ca n't say `` we are as well equiped as them '' and disregard what proves you wrong . 
  navies are much more useful on atlantic or pacific than on small inland sea . 
   you do n't know that the atlantic is connected to the baltic ? 
  yes , through the denmark straits . 
  so what ? 
  it 's also connected to pacific through atlantic . 
   some f-16 were broken still bitter that we have n't bought your mirages ? 
  seeing as you are now actively arming our enemies i feel we have made a good decision after all . 
  and yes , f-16 are n't perfect , and i would even say they are quite outdated , but we urgently needed to expand our fighters forces beyond the old mig-29s before a fifth generation fighter we could buy was developed . 
   i 've made my point but you do not want to listen . 
  i just hope reality wo n't come back to bite you in the ass in the future , underestimating your ennemy and over estimationg your own forces is a terrible error . 
  that 's what russia seems to be doing right now . 
  so you are saying that they have a better navy . 
  like no shit , they are a wannabe superpower with a small dick complex . 
  of course they have a big navy . 
  where do you think * our * navy would operate ? 
  on baltic sea which is basically a lake ? 
  i do n't expect hypotetical war with russia to be a naval one . 
  next you 'll be telling me they also have nukes which we do n't because unlike them we are bound by some anti nuclear proliferation treaties . 
   su-35 we have f-16 ( i know they are much older than su-35 ) and we are buying f-35 soon . 
  as i said before , russian military overall is undoubtedly stronger than polish one , but that advantage is due to their bigger manpower , not because they have superior equipment or better training which they do n't . 
   wow , you really do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  russian army , while not better equipped or skilled is much more numerous than ours . 
  that was the case for the last several hundred years and i do n't expect it to change . 
   you 're far behind them in manpower , we are also far behind india in manpower . 
  that does n't mean india has higher standards when chosing their military equipment than us . 
   technology we are n't really big enough to make - with capabilities we currently have - developing our own technology profitable . 
  that 's why we rely on import nato technology - for now . 
   and experience . 
  while russia has experience from chechenya , ukraine and georgia , we have some from iraq and afghanistan too ( one of the main reasons we have sent quite sizeable contingents there ) . 
   if our things are good enough for armies the like of the russian one , surely they 're good enough for poland . 
  i 'm quite sure our army has higher standards than the russian one . 
   http://www.newsweek.com/we-gave-americans-blow-job-got-nothing-says-polish-foreign-minister-255863 hardly a surprise after obama has cancelled the already agreed by bush administration missile shield deal . 
  from purely egoistical polish point of view , i much prefer republicans ruling usa to democrats . 
  that 's the one we use in poland too . 
  more like 60 or 100 . 
  our society is getting even more conservative lately . 
  that 's why we 've been working hard since 1989 on having usa closely allied to us . 
  usa wo n't see russias incursion as justified . 
  yes , because it 's different . 
  how do you imagine implementing communism without every single member of society actively working towards that goal ? 
  how do you imagine implementing common ownership of the means of production without violently forcing change of ownership from the current owners to `` everyone '' ? 
  how do you imagine creating a moneyless and classless society without everyone complying ? 
  how would you enforce it ? 
  i like my cash and my private means of production and even my class status . 
  there are many people like me . 
  how would you force me to comply with your system ? 
  there is hardly any * less * extremist ideology as communism . 
   the reason being for that is that they were following the soviet example . 
  many of them being under the direct influence of the ussr . 
  `` this time we wo n't make mistakes we have made the last 20 times . 
  we promise . '', 
   so i 'm an extremist for wanting a different system ? 
  for wanting a system as extremist as communism ? 
  of course you are . 
   every side has it 's horrific nutjobs the problem with communism is that every time communists have managed to take power , it turned out they were horrific nutjobs . 
  and by now we have a quite large sample size . 
   it 's like comparing all religious people to religious extremists . 
  all communists are extremists though . 
  that 's what communism is about . 
  oh , i despise trotskyism , leninism , maoism , polpotism and juche equally as much . 
  marxism too , as the pseudoscientific mother of all that evil ideologies . 
  your inability to recognize that stalinism used communist symbolism reveals a lot about this whole thing . 
   all nazis support nazi germany . 
  i 'm sure there are many nazis who say that `` nazism is a good idea , the third reich just implemented it wrongly '' . 
   most communists do not support or even defend the ussr . 
  the communist symbolism has unequivocal connotations with ussr , the evil genocidal regime . 
  i have no doubt most communists do not support or even defend the ussr as it 's the best proof their ideology is a dangerous piece of shit with little to no merit . 
   i am having trouble seeing how this is so hard to understand , really . 
  probably because you are not living in a country formerly occupied by a communist regime . 
  most communists are n't . 
   what a disingenuous comparison . 
  the guy was probably wearing a t shirt with a swastika on it or something . 
  in a bar . 
  apparently being a nazi is illegal in germany now . 
   if someone is going around brandishing the logo of ss or whatever ? 
  totally different . 
  but you can just tell that `` nazi symbols '' would include anything from a swastika to the reichsadler . 
   but you are an exception from that persective . 
  many other socialist government did n't need it , and continued a more steady growth . 
  the crisis of the 80s however , hit everyone equally . 
  nowhere were state socialist economies able to compete with a vibrant consumer economy . 
  you can actually still see it in cuba . 
  well , that 's exactly what i was trying to say . 
  that socialist economy is inefficient and inferior to capitalist economy in every aspect . 
   socialism was able to compete on other aspects like steady industrialisation which made it possible for you to not end up like southern america . 
  socialism did make you rightfully deserve the label , `` second world '' instead of third . 
  or perhaps made us deserve the label `` second world '' instead of first . 
  because situation in europe was vastly different than the one in south america . 
   that might be true , but we are still talking about significant funds which put a dent in the narrative where it 's only glorious capitalism that is bringing poland forward . 
  we were growing very fast before 2004 too ( with an exception of 2001-02 slowdown , where we still were growing , just slower ) .
