  until then , we 'll gladly keep taking the availible funds . 
   how is it blackmail though ? 
  germany and france are saying : you dont like my principles , when you shouldnt like my money either . 
  it seems like the `` do what you are told or you wo n't get the pocket money '' from around here , and it should n't be a surprise that such attitute will only * strenghten * the opposition here rather than lessen it . 
   why are you making such a big deal out of refusing those quotas ? 
  precisely because we are being * forced * to accept them . 
  accepting quotas would result in a rather sick and toxic situation in which both the migrants and the country forced to host them would be really unwilling about that . 
  are we supposed to forcefuly transport them here and then keep them in closely guarded prisons , so they do n't escape to their beloved germany or sweden ? 
   europe 's greatest politicians , scientists , human rights fighters , and history makers on a global scale tend to come from a certain area rather than another . 
  and taking in 10,000 migrants we would have to keep in our country by force and against their will would n't change this situation in the slightest . 
  also , we had a bunch of those - copernicus , sobieski , banach or marie curie came to my mind instantly . 
   eu gave you double the amount the us gave to the whole of post ww2 europe . 
  if they gave us any less , we would be severely screwed on per-capita stats when compared to all the other countries also receiving funds . 
  also , we received $ 60b so far , 300b is the projected total ammount . 
   you should understand the simple fact that it 's much more easier to go from 1000 euros to 2000 euros than to go from 2000 euros to 4000 euros . 
  and we are * still * in the `` easy '' phase , there 's a lot of catching up to do after 45 years of commie ineptness . 
   melodramatic much ? 
  oh , the irony of you saying that in juxtaposition with the sentences that followed this exact statement . 
   there should be a form of understanding among polish and eastern europeans that the eu is formed on common principles and values . 
  such `` common principles '' including blackmail apparently . 
   they can do the same for a few darn syrians . 
  * syrians themselves * do n't even want to come here , private charities already invited many refugees from syria to poland providing them with a decent standard of living , and a large portion of them ran to germany within days . 
   step up to the plate eastern europe . 
  stop being europe 's historical footnotes . 
  melodramatic much ? 
   why has poland become so germanophobe and eurosceptic over the last year ? 
  most likely because what germany did throughout the last year ( opposition to us bases in poland , new underwater gas pipe deals with russia , attempts to force migrant quotas on poland ) suddenly stopped to align with polish interests . 
   i disagree with / u/nieuchwytnyuchwyt , they are a litte euroskeptic in that they do n't want to give away more power to eu , but they do n't want to leave it either because they see obvious advantages in being in eu ( like 300 billion euro you mentioned ) . 
  yeah , but that 's pretty much exactly what i wrote though . 
  i fail to see where exactly we disagree here . 
   moreover they probably know that nowadays eu is poland 's bigger ally than us ( some of their foreign experts acknowledge it , but only time will tell ) . 
  that might be the case as well , but i wouldnt be so sure . 
   what are their thoughts on the 300 billion euros they received from the eu ? 
  as i already said , they do n't mind them - quite the contrary , i 'd say they consider it a long overdue version of the marshall plan . 
   are they okay with the eu reducing severly the funding ? 
  that probably depends on what exactly eu would expect from us by doing this kind of blackmail . 
   the gdp per capita of poland doubled since it joined the eu . 
  the gdp per capita of poland also doubled in the decade * before * we joined the eu ( and thus it more than quadrupled since we got rid of commies and soviet occupation ) . 
  the eu membership was a great help in achieving that , sure , but by no means something solely responsible for that . 
   but does the eu get any thanks ? 
  the eu gets it thanks - a commemorative sign near every investition where eu funds were involved . 
  nowhere in accession treaty is there written that `` poland hereby revokes all national sovereignity and becomes an obeying slave in exchange for bags of monies '' though , if that 's what eu expected from poland joining then it probably should have specified it there . 
   are they euro-skeptic ? 
  along tories , they are the second biggest ecr founding member . 
  they are mildly eurosceptic , or rather i 'd say they value relations with us more than relations with eu and germany . 
  while they do n't want to leave the eu ( and , understandably , do n't mind the free monies magical tap either ) , they are opponents of pushing the european integration any further and would rather see poland achieve a similar status in eu to the one uk has . 
  they already won the presidential elections in may , and they 've been polling with a solid 10-15 % lead ever since . 
  i 'd say this crisis will only strenghten their already strong lead . 
  the last parliamentary elections they came in second . 
   poland threatening to leave too ? 
  not yet , but we have parliamentary elections the next month , and at this moment it seems almost certain that pis ( kinda like orb\u00e1n on steroids ) will win it by a landslide . 
  and i would n't be the least surprised if they did exactly that afterwards . 
  tell that to your lorry drivers . 
  not much , and i doubt inhabitants of wroc\u0142aw want this situation to change . 
  well , this is what you get for coming to poland to clean our toilets , i guess . 
  well , there are n't much benefits from being in schengen for you if poland leaves anyway . 
  good . 
  after his idiotic comments regarding nato i hope with all sincerity that labour will burn heavily until he resigns . 
  nah , i 'd say they simply drained the gda\u0144sk bay . 
  poor sweden , i did n't realize you guys are at war right now . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  to be honest , this particular eye center became a rather big meme in the polish internet a year or two ago . 
  the only thing we count on germany regarding the security matters , is that they wo n't stab our backs in a case of emergency . 
  anything more would greatly exceed our exceptations . 
  edit : ah , i forgot you have severe problems with spelling which more often than not makes your posts rather hard to understand . 
  i guess you did n't mean `` us '' , as in `` us , germany '' , but rather `` us '' as in `` my keyboard does not have a shift key '' . 
  anyhow , usa were not our allies in 1939 and never promised us anything during the ww2 . 
  it 's nice that they still supported the anti-commie resistance around here and eventually won the cold war for us . 
  the last time we counted on us - that is since 1999 - has worked pretty nice for us so far , despite the best efforts of russia and ( to a more limited extent ) germany . 
  funnily enough , it 's the us that we 've been counting on in that regard until now , and interestingly enough us assistance to poland against russia , starting from funding the anti-communist resistance in poland by cia , was an order of magnitude bigger than anything eu - and especially germany , lol - did . 
  i 've seen estimates around pln 20 million ( $ 5 million ) . 
  yeah , especially the city of lw\u00f3w which , aside of the time of partitions where there was no poland and it was under austrian control , was a part of poland since 1340 , and its citizens succesfuly fought off all the ukrainian attempts to grab the city in 1918 . 
  `` parts of ukraine and belarus '' my ass . 
  better late than never . 
   oppress russian speakers in poland . 
  all three of them . 
   a russian war hero yes , a * russian * war hero , responsible for murder of hundreds of polish soldiers . 
  while i do n't really care who exactly russians want to treat this way , a monument of such scum definitely has no place on the territory of poland . 
  abortion is illegal in poland , except for the cases where the pregnancy is dangerous to mother 's life or it 's a result of rape . 
  there are around several hundred cases of legal abortions a year in the entire country , so there was no need to break it down by regions as it would look the exact same way . 
   without germany protection i do n't think that 's how `` united states of america '' is spelled . 
  quite the contrary , it 's all according to plan . 
  nothing to see here , move on . 
  a colder version of usa . 
  aside of planica and perhaps peter prevc , i do n't think there 's anything slovenian that is recognizable in any way by a significiant ammount of poles . 
  well , we did n't * lose * them in a war of agression in which we actively tried to eradicate various nations , but rather in a defensive war we have lost . 
  i 'd say it makes a great deal of a difference , innit ? 
  but we * do n't * want to join the eurozone , that 's the whole fucking point of holding such referendum . 
  the public will overwhelmingly vote `` no '' , so the president 's eurosceptic party will have a popular mandate for not joining the eurozone , despite poland being obliged to do so by treaties with eu . 
  yes , and legitimizing not joining it would be the exact point of having this referendum , as public opinion is very heavily against joining the eurozone . 
  if they were refugees , they had an easily availible option to legally register as refugees in hungary . 
  yet they refused to do so and they started to violently storm an international border instead , which makes them criminals and illegal migrants at most . 
  yeah , why on earth would you bring the children to the riot where you are attacking the policemen ? 
  how can you even defend that indeed . 
  copernicus spoke polish , german and latin , was born and died in kingdom of poland , and even led the polish forces during the teutonic siege of olsztyn . 
  berlin east europe confirmed then , i 'm sorry germany . 
   we 're getting lost in numbers , somehow people manage to survive in poland * survive * being a keyword here . 
  i do n't know , do you seriously think that while polish wages are 4 times lower than in germany , everything is 4 times cheaper as well ? 
  wow , that 's a level of naivety i have n't seen in a long time . 
  imagine if in your country you were paying $ 400 for new shoes , $ 3,000 for a new smartphone , or $ 40,000 for a brand new small car .
