  yes , and czechs had a much higher starting base than us . 
  that gave them `` luxury '' of still coming out allright despite slower increase of their overall wealth . 
   as i said poland was testing ground for russia and unlike russia , in poland it * worked * great . 
  though still , it could have been even better as obviously many mistakes were made during the privatization process . 
   simply explained why relative poverty is smaller in czech republic and i simply explained that focusing exclusively on this without looking at the big picture is pointless . 
  anyhow , i 'm too tired to continue this discussion right now , maybe some other day . 
   one was arguing about gdp per capita and stuff like that . 
  gdp per capita is * always * relevant in discussions like that . 
  being somewhat below poverty threshold in , say , uk might actually mean a better standard of living than living somewhat above it in , say , czech republic . 
  overall , i find the situatuon in which we managed to significantly reduce the gap in * overall * wealth to the czech republic much preferable to the situation in which gap between poland and \u010cr remained the same as it was 25 years ago , but such significantly smaller ammount of * overall wealth * in poland was distributed in a way resulting in a neat blue color on this map . 
   just fyi topic is relative poverty , and as pictured , czech republic is doing better in this area . 
  as pictured , poland is also doing better in * relative poverty * area than countries which started from the same wealth level than us ( romania ) , or even were significantly richer ( hungary ) . 
  seems that `` le evul neoliberalushm '' allowed for * higher * overall economical growth than either of those countries , while also resulted in a bit * lower * than average ( compared to everyone else in similar situation to us ) inequality growth . 
  perfect balance , i 'd say . 
  screw the fact that we would be poorer than bulgaria right now if the results of our transition completely mirrored the results of the czech one , look at dat * relative * poverty !, 
  though if we listened to advice of people thinking like you that would still be a best case scenario , as we would likely end up like ukraine ( which also happened to be richer than us ) . 
  they also turned to capitalism slowly ... so slowly that in fact they are still transitioning to it . 
   hey , i think that 's you funnily enough , that 's the exact quote which pops up in my mind each time i catch a glimpse of your nick . 
   the sovjets used to be willing to enforce their hegemony by brutally suppressing any resistance . 
  yeah , in 1981 they probably still were , which resulted in martial law implemented by soviet agents which prolonged the agony for 8 more years . 
  by 1988-89 they were n't anymore , and to thank for that are both outside factors like actions of americans ( and the rest of the good side of the iron curtain , including uk ) - embargoes , increased defence spending , etc , and the inside factors like inherent inefficiency of the central planned economy which is doomed to fail in a long run . 
   they all deserve to be covered in spit for the socio-economic policies he promoted . 
  still a huge improvement when compared to the commie crap we had to endure for 45 years . 
   supporting anti-sovjet ideologues was part and parcel of cold war politics . 
  it would have continued under any president . 
  yet it so happenned that the decisive blow happenned under reagans ' presidency . 
  coincidence or not , we 'll never know . 
   meanwhile in czech republic they turned into capitalism slowly , adapting step by step . 
  yes , that explains why * czechoslovakia * in 1989 was over two times richer than poland ( and the czech part of it was even more well-off ) , and right now we are only slightly poorer than czech republic . 
  yet another argument * for * neoliberalism , i love when you shoot yourself in foot like that . 
  it 's not pegged and never was . 
  why would we even do this to ourselves ? 
  we have avoided recession * precisely * because our currency has a floating exchange rate . 
   and how did that cause the kremlin to crumble , anyway ? 
  would soviet union collapse in 1990/91 without their occupational regimes in central and eastern europe getting ousted two years earlier ? 
  would berlin wall fall in autumn 1989 without commies losing elections in poland in spring 1989 ? 
  would those partially free elections happen without being preceded by decade-long of universal anti-soviet and anti-communist mass resistance ? 
  and would it all be possible to such extent without american involvement in poland ? 
  who knows . 
  have soviet attempts to not fall behind the increased military spending by reagan administration hastened fall of ussr ? 
  even if only by few months , reagan deserves every statue , street and square named after him in our country . 
  millions of dollars transferred by cia to the polish anti-communist resistance throughout 80s paint a different picture from out here . 
  it depends on whether you consider anti-eu socially conservative ultralibertarians `` far-right '' . 
  while they have nothing to do with nazis , they really like controversial statements for publicity ( especially including hitler , because that 's a proven way to cause a big medial shitstorm ) , like `` under hitler or stalin a g\u00f3ral [ tatra-highlander ] could choose to produce oscypek [ smoked cheese ] however he preferred . 
  nowadays the eu official is watching him . '' . 
  are they * really * far-right though ? 
  dunno , there are parties further right like national movement . 
   division of poland was in an instant it was `` burning '' for almost a century before it happened ( at least since the great northern war ) , and it still took over 20 years from the first partition to the last . 
  compared to that , the ottoman empire fell in an * instant * . 
  the `` bia\u0142ystok does n't exist and is an internet hoax '' meme confirmed true . 
   more like the us under reagan and the uk under thatcher . 
  funnily enough , compared to other us and uk leaders those two in particular are held in very high regard in poland thanks to their efforts in destroying communism , ussr and the eastern block . 
  \\  further east than poland \\  thinking they are in western europe hillarious . 
  rzeczpospolita before vasa kings fucked everything up was rather close to such title . 
  definitely in then-great powers tier . 
  yes , and baltic people happen to exclusively speak baltic languages , and finnic people happen to exclusively speak finnic languages , who would have thought !, 
  and `` baltic states '' , which is what i meant from the very beginning - though due to my imperfect grasp of the foreign language which is english i mistakenly used the word `` balts '' - are an entity which the country known as `` estonia '' happens to be counted as a part of . 
  no need to be so anal about that , really . 
  exactly , glad you noticed again . 
  you are unbelievably perceptive indeed . 
  we can even write some more similarly themed sentences - i 'll volunteer to start with `` estonians belong to the same ethnic/language group as hungarians and finns . 
  '' , or perhaps even `` out of all languages having a dominant position in another country , the closest one to finnish is estonian '' , though i find the point of such exercise to be rather void . 
   i know estonian is finno-ugric . 
   balts ( or baltic people ) does n't mean people from the baltic states i 've seen it used in this meaning multiple times . 
  anyhow i hereby apologize for my laziness and not taking the effort to write all the `` people from baltic states '' phrase and writing `` balts '' instead , even if it was completely obvious from the context i meant the former . 
   estonians are baltic finns . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i wrote in the very comment you replied to , glad you read it . 
  * balts * as in `` people from baltic states '' , not as in `` baltic language speakers '' . 
  i know estonian is finno-ugric . 
  hehe , for * whatever reason * balts are the only ones to ever post this particular map and then comment that it 's somehow `` the most accurate '' . 
  i wonder why : ddd, 
  if orthodox greece ( which also stayed under turkish occupation for 400 years ) qualifies as `` western '' , then poland must be the epitome of western civilization . 
  now you see how we feel all the time . 
  \\  implying that 's not how potential federal eu * could * end up, 
   and i 'm sure the anti-eu crowd pointed out that european union is definitely not loose . 
  and the pro-eu crowd , which coincidentally was also supported by all major media , widely ridiculed such claims . 
  it says much about viability of further integration , if people wanting to push it have to hide any mentions of it from general public . 
   if people in poland see eu to this day as ` loose ' organization they are very much wrong yes , we see it that way , and we want to keep it this way . 
  it 's not by accident that we always score highly in `` support for eu '' polls , it 's precisely thanks to this perception . 
  well , there 's no * threat * of russians invading anymore when they are * already * occupying you , right ? 
  i was just parodying the idiotic suggestion that giving up sovereignity is somehow a right course of action in this particular case . 
  that 's precisely what pro-eu crowd was saying back then in 2003 , during the referendal campaign , and how most people in poland see the eu to this day, 
   we already have nato precisely . 
  and nato is primarily seen as an alliance with us anyway around here . 
   you have shit . 
  you rely on another country 's foreign policy to protect you . 
  due to various mistakes in our foreign policy in 17th century ( claiming the swedish throne by our branch of vasa dynasty , not managing to secure the russian throne for ourselves , not fully annexing prussia which ultimately declared independence and backstabbed us ) which resulted in our country being destroyed two centuries later and occupied for a period of about 120 years , right now we are unfortunately not strong enough to rely on our own military might to protect ourselves , so we have to wager on more powerful allies . 
  while betting on uk and france in 1939 was proven to be a terrible mistake , betting on us * might not * . 
  it 's the best option we have anyway . 
   let 's see what happens if bernie wins in the us and the us turns inwards and does n't fight russia anymore . 
  in us elections i 'm always rooting for republicans for this particular reason ( damn you obama for scrapping the missile shield project ) . 
   are you even listening to yourself ? 
  who the fuck would want to be in a union with poland if all of you thought the same way ? 
  well , i have terrible news for you because thats a rather popular opinion . 
   there is an obvious difference between giving it ( or having it taken by ) to the ussr and to the eu . 
  the third , best option is to give it up to neither of them . 
  we already have nato for protection against external threats , and eu would n't do shit about them . 
   you are so against , please stop using billions of euro of eu funding and give back what you have already taken . 
  i 'm willing to take in free money anytime . 
  actively pushing for destruction of my country was not a requirement behind taking them .
