   that is the wierdst sentence i have ever read in my life . 
  seems that you are in for a real shock when you learn that slovakia , croatia and bulgaria were allied with germany during the ww2 . 
   that biggest difference that eu brought to polan was forcing our gov to build highways and speedways . 
  no , that was the euro 2012 cup which did it . 
  only after it was announced the pace of building highways visibly hastened , and right after it ended it slowed down again . 
   europe is already socialist ... that 's got to be the most stupid claim i 've read today . 
  absolutely not , luckily for us europe is capitalist and has a free market economy with varying degrees of interventionism . 
  that 's precisely why it sounds good . 
  i know it 's not really the safest in france lately , but calling it a * war zone * is a stretch . 
   people trying to describe events = propaganda . 
  precisely , people trying to describe events in a loaded , biased way and through lying by omission = propaganda . 
  i 'm glad we agree . 
   the article reports on an opinion on an organ of council of europe the article also contains a sizable part where some random guardian journalist * attempts * to describe various events that were happening in poland . 
  doing so in a way deserving no other name than `` propaganda '' . 
   their opinions should at least be considered and not easily dismissed as propaganda oh , i obviously consider their opinions - or to be exact , after familiarizing myself with them i consider them to be top notch examples of selective perception and double standards . 
   it is simply stating facts , nothing more . 
  no , it is simply stating * opinions * from advisers to the council of europe . 
  opinions are not facts . 
   the problem is the op is not a piece of propaganda . 
  why , it obviously * is * a piece of propaganda , if only because of notorious cherry picking and omitting everything that would not support the foregone conclusion . 
  propaganda is `` a form of biased communication , aimed at promoting or demoting certain views , perceptions or agendas '' , and this article certainly meets all these criteria . 
  tell that to the one who posted this article . 
   stop spreading propaganda . 
  because only the kind of propaganda which is demeaning poland is allowed , am i right ? 
  i know , i simplified it a bit for the sake of comparison . 
  the pre-war gov was the one that fled , and only * after * it fled , it legally appointed its successors who continued the polish statehood in exile . 
  well , i 'd chose to believe neither the city council controlled by the opposition party that happens to be massively involved in protests , nor police which ultimately is liable to the head of government . 
  the true number is most likely somewhere in-between , though from what i 've seen it 's somewhat closer to the lower estimate . 
   i just remembered that you had a governement in exile too so i assumed the situations were similar . 
  our government on exile was our pre-war government , which escaped the country to continue fighting , while in contrast your government on exile was a new entity , formed after your pre-war government signed armistice with germany and became their puppet state . 
  that 's the subtle difference i 've been trying to hint at . 
  you do realize that sikorski 's government was the government of the 2nd polish republic , which escaped poland in september 1939 through romania , and resided on exile in london , right ? 
  they were quite dependent on brits , sure , but calling them a `` puppet government '' is a bit harsh . 
   you had a puppet state in place too as far as i know . 
  well , you do n't know much it would seem then . 
  no , we did n't . 
  the generalgouvernment was a german colonial administrative unit , without any involvement of polish authorities . 
  the vichy government of france - well , it was literally * the * government of 3rd french republic . 
   well , the french did n't give up actually , i 'm pretty sure they not only gave up , but even signed an official armistice treaty with germany , and spent the next few years as their puppet state with capital in vichy . 
  they would also be a small minority in whatever borders of silesia one attempted to draw . 
   poland gives back silesia whom to ? 
  czechs ? 
   and that 's why they suffered . 
  yes , and that 's why our nationalism was needed to counteract that suffering back then . 
   i would n't mind which nationality i am * as long as i do n't suffer * , i already said that . 
  which was n't the case for poles neither in 19th century , nor during the ww2 . 
  they * suffered * because of foreign efforts to destroy our nation , and fought against them to end them . 
  after all , is n't the best way to avoid * suffering * to kill yourself ? 
  we could all simply become austrians/russians/germans and * end our suffering * , if only we thought about such genius plan back then !, 
   yeah , and you suffered so much because of it . 
  it 's better to suffer so much while fighting for your survival , than give up completely and cease to exist altogether . 
   you resisted being sucked into the nazi regime , first and foremost . 
  first and foremost ? 
  not really , first and foremost we resisted because , just like after 1815 , we had * our country invaded and occupied * by foreign empires once again . 
  and polish patriotism and nationalism being widespread throughout our society were what fueled the polish resistance in either case . 
   i think you polish would know something about suffering because of nationalism oh , it was * our own * nationalism which helped us to * survive * throughout that . 
  both when we lost our country in 19th century , and when we got occupied during the ww2 . 
  if you read my post carefuly , you would notice i 'm * not * generalizing , quite the contrary . 
  if you asked random people about their `` values '' , most of them would answer with `` western '' ( or `` christian '' , which until recently used to be pretty much the same thing ) , but they would mean completely different things by it . 
  out of those , a portion would indeed mean `` what western values evolved into in western europe after 1968 '' by that , while many others would display a much more conservative outlook on them . 
   poland is so against western values they decided to adopt russian values . 
  we are very much pro-western values . 
  just not necessarily the post-1968 version of them . 
   it really is quite amusing to see a country which ` passionately hates ' russia , try so desperately hard to emulate it . 
  it really is quite amusing when someone with a poor understanding of situation for some reason seems eager to comment anyway . 
  russia is disliked here because of their aggressive imperialism , being really consistent for the last several hundred years in being a main enemy of the polish state , and their past efforts to impose communism on europe . 
  their internal policies , whatever would they happen to be , are completely irrelevant to this matter . 
  the question was n't `` are you pro-eu ? / do you like eu ? 
  '' , but `` is your attitude to our * eu membership * positive ? '' . 
  i 'd answer `` no '' to the first question , but `` yes '' to the second one . 
  oh , turks can be considered `` europeans '' equally as much as the french can be considered `` south americans '' . 
  source : geography . 
  especially in the timespan we are talking about - ottoman turks came from the central asia ( which to my best knowledge is not in europe ) , and conquered a bunch of land including remnants of the roman empire , balkans and the middle east . 
  considering that turks are * not * europeans , and that they had a big role in `` fucking everything up '' , i could n't possibly agree with such inherently false statement . 
  turks ran everything , and if their rule over the middle east was any similar to how it was in the parts of europe they conquered , it greatly contributed to the later conflicts . 
  i have some apparently obscure news for you - they already * were * in the same nation even before the `` european meddling '' . 
  it was called the ottoman empire , an older version of turkey . 
  \\  implying that the only ones willing to illegally enter europe would be people living on less than $ 1.90 a day, 
   sort of like `` silesia was always polish '' . 
  silesia was polish for over twice the ammount of time it was prussian/german . 
  though it 's quite possible we have n't overtook the leading in this statistics czechia ( bohemia ) yet . 
  perhaps the little known fact that * nazis * who designed , operated and built the death camps system were predominantly germans , and not mysterious aliens from the nazi plantet . 
  i have used `` german '' instead of `` nazi '' on purpose here , and i 'll keep doing it everytime there will be attempts to shift blame on holocaust on poland . 
   very true , just the `` two armies working together thing '' not really . 
  nah , russian attack completely fucked up our retreat plans and certainly hastened our demise . 
  would be manage to regroup and hold some ground near the border with romania until winter if not for it - likely not , but we 'll never know . 
  german and soviet armies cooperated closely since the september 17 , most notably during the siege of lw\u00f3w , and they even held a joint victory parade in brze\u015b\u0107 after poland was defeated . 
   instead , the new blitzkrieg strategy , destroying a majority of the polish army before it was even ready was what sealed the deal in less than a weak . 
  of course this is also important to mention , after all with the same strategy a year later france was defeated even more decisively than poland , while on paper disparity there was even smaller . 
  not even half of polish citizens killed in ww2 was jewish . 
   could you explain what is the purpose of introducing a law which is meant to put people for five years in prison for saying bad things , in 2016 ? 
  the same as the purpose of holocaust denial laws - prevention of attempts to deliberately falsify history ? 
  but no no , a day without a daily dose of `` poland is totally becoming le north korea 2.0 ... 
  anytime now . '', 
  circlejerk is a day lost , amirite ? 
  well i doubt , let 's say , canada would manage to defend itself against the us either . 
  countries attacking us tended to be more populous than us , and tended to do so * together * . 
  oh , and considering our capabilities we * had * a halfway decent army at the time ( around 6th-7th most powerful army of the world back in 1939 ) . 
  it 's just that we were attacked by the * most * powerful and the 2nd most powerful armies working together , it 's not easy to defend against that while being located on plains . 
   putting people for five years in prison for that stinks of stalinism .
