   and afghanistan every nato member did so . 
  that 's how article 5 works . 
   and it 's not like there are nato bases going to be built in poland or anything ... well , that 's the exact fucking point of being in a military alliance with other countries . 
   it 's not like nato states are in an anti-russian alliance or anything countries sharing common enemies allying . 
  such thing never happened in the history of world before . 
   or that they constantly support american interests . 
  america is very liked in poland ( though i 'll admit they do n't top the rankings anymore like they used to 25 or 30 years ago ) . 
  and they are our ally . 
  why would n't we support american interests as long as it benefits us too ? 
   i find it hilarious that you have the cognitive dissonance to call pact nations soviet puppets but not say the same for nato nations and america . 
  well , probably it has something to do with the fact that poland would have joined nato in 1949 if it was n't occupied by the red army at the time . 
  and at last we did , at the first opportunity we regained our sovereignity . 
  that 's the only thing that makes sense for poland in our geopolitical situation . 
   i find it really hard to believe that all this motivated you to join a protest against kosovo 's independence . 
  were you really that worried about what kosovo 's independence might set for the future of the world ? 
  are you sure there was n't another reason ? 
  of course , at least partially . 
  and subsequent events only cemented my opinion . 
  another factor is that being polish i know well how does it feel to have core parts of your territory lost due to decisions of great powers , but i did n't mention it because it 's a purely subjective reason . 
   i believe kosovo is a special case , considering the oppression of albanian people ( who make 90 % and more of the kosovo population , that is almost 2 million people ) by the serb regime . 
  of course i am well aware of that , that 's why i agreed that this territory should be under un control until true autonomy under serbia/bilaterally agreed independence/transfer of territory to albania was negotiated . 
  also , albanians are n't particurarily innocent either in this whole conflict . 
  there were severe atrocities on both sides of the conflict , though i have no doubt serbian ones were more numerous . 
   still , i believe that people should have the right for self-determination anywhere in the world . 
  if the majority of people in northern kosovo want to be within serbia , then so be it . 
  glad to see your opinion , but it 's sad that the government of kosovo does n't share it . 
   you wo n't be able to sympathize with kosovo or abkhasia or any other similar cases unless you find yourself to be in the same position . 
  or unless you put the mental effort to imagine yourself in the same position . 
  in the 19th century poland was occupied by foreign powers for over 100 years so recognizing other nations struggle for independence is n't an alien thought to me . 
  still , i do n't think independence acquired in such circumstances should be recognized by my country especially when it hypocritically choses to recognize only cases where the supporting great power is allied with us . 
  and at last , is there a kosovar nation though ? 
  of course not , you are albanians living in what used to be serbia . 
  that 's why i would sooner approve of albanian annexation of albanian-majority areas of kosovo than independence of kosovo . 
  [ yes , and more precisely according to the voting in the international court of justice . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_court_of_justice_advisory_opinion_on_kosovo%27s_declaration_of_independence#voting_breakdown ) it was n't unanimous . 
  in fact , if you look closer at how judges from respective countries voted you 'll see it was mostly according to the official stance of their country . 
  that does n't really prove anything save for the fact that indeed there are many countries that support independent kosovo . 
   illegal according to whom ? 
  illegal according to serbia , which kosovo was an integral part of . 
  kosovo 's case is different from croatia , bosnia or montenegro as it was n't one of the yugoslavian republics . 
  and perhaps there 's no international law which prohibits parts of countries from unilaterally seceding , but that 's a very dangerous precedent which was proven by abkhasia , south ossetia and crimea cases . 
  what if hungarians in transylvania declared unilaterally independence ? 
  or poles in lithuanian vilnius region ? 
  what about serbs in mitrovica ? 
  republika srpska in bosnia ? 
  no , how czechoslovakia was broken down into czech republic and slovakia , or possible scotland independence after the bilaterally agreed referendum is the way such issues should be resolved . 
  edit : spelling and grammar, 
  actually i even took part in protests against polish recognition of kosovo back in 2008 . 
  as much as i usually support nato/usa/polish government stances on international issues , in this particular case it 's no different from the equally worthy of condemnation cases of crimea or abkhasia save for nato rather than russia being a supporting power . 
  just like declaration of independence of crimea , declaration of independence of kosovo was unilateral and illegal . 
  kosovo formally is still a part of serbia , though under interim administration of the united nations . 
  and while i 'm of opinion that ethnically albanian parts of kosovo should remain under un control until some feasible solution is found , there 's absolutely no reason why ethnically serbian parts of kosovo should n't remain under control of the republic of serbia . 
   guess what finland remained neutral during all the cold war and russia dint go against them also during the cold war there was quite some heavy shit like cuban nuke 's crisis not what is today ukraine has remained neutral after the cold war ended and by now they have lost crimea and had a full blown war with russian backed forces in the east . 
  seems that estonia has made a wise choice after all . 
   that war between nato and the east in case of hypothetical war between nato and the east estonia would have no chance to remain neutral anyway . 
  and nato is estonia 's natural ally . 
   then why on earth you joined nato ? 
  because they do n't want to be occupied by russia * again * ? 
  same reason why poland joined nato . 
  they did n't join the kind of union with federal government instead of national governments . 
  well , if i woke up one day and found out that something like that happened overnight , i would probably recruit into some newly created polish separatist group . 
  hate belarusians ? 
  belarusians at -0.03 are as close to `` neutral '' as you can get . 
  i think they are not in positives because of lukashenko , news about mistreating the polish minority in belarus and perhaps some sentiment over kresy . 
  have you ever considered that who your parents are have a great effect on the social-economic conditions ? 
  i guess it has more to do with economies of these countries still being a total shit due to 50 years of communist ineptness than with govt spending priorities . 
  oh , but it 's just you with your typical misinformed pointless bitching . 
  no , they fought a war against the german world domination . 
  noone cared about poland . 
  and if they fought a war for poland then it seems their fight was futile , as they have let soviet union occupy us for the next 50 years after the war . 
  the soviet occupation of poland would be inevitable outcome of the german-soviet war even without the polish-french/english `` alliance '' in 1939 . 
  trusting the british and french guarantees in early 1939 was the biggest mistake of polish foreign policy ever , on par with events which lead up to the partitions . 
   how about no one sends any troops so you wo n't be disappointed well * then * it would be just like our alliance in 1939 . 
  i for one am happy that this time our allies at least appear to be willing to help us if shit hits the fan . 
  yes . 
  three years before said romanian . 
  flying one astronaut in a propaganda mission in a soviet spacecraft does n't really count . 
  [ and if it does , we did it before you . 
  news from europe belong to / r/europe aswell . 
  i do n't think this joke is supposed to be used by romanians . 
  there are some more . 
  n\u00fcrnberg - norymberga regensburg - ratyzbona mainz - moguncja potsdam - poczdam kiel - kilonia k\u00f6ln - kolonia ( i could never remember which one was which when i was a kid ) g\u00f6ttingen - getynga koblenz - koblencja konstanz - konstancja worms - wormacja basel - bazylea z\u00fcrich - zurych and those are the ones which are still commonly used today . 
  there used to be much more , by now though only the more known cities have retained their custom names . 
  well , the crucial difference between gda\u0144sk and lv ` iv is that lw\u00f3w was always a polish-speaking polish city from the 14th century until 1945/6 both considering ethnicity , and teritorial sovereign ( excluding the austrian period between 1772 and 1918 , but still - even then it had an autonomous polish government since 1867 ) . 
  in gda\u0144sk case you have a city which belonged to poland for most of its history , and since the 1308 massacre had multinational ( german-polish-dutch ) , though mostly german-speaking population ( but loyal to poland until the partitions ) . 
  [ like danzig , just faster and with a very short `` g '' at the beginning ] ( https://translate.google.com/#pl/en/gda%c5%84sk ) . 
  germans have dropped the `` g '' from the name , but the rest of slavic root have remained almost the same . 
  and `` gda\u0144sk '' is still an improvement when you consider we [ used to call it `` gyddanyzc '' ] ( http://www.pomorskie.eu/res/kultura/kultura_kopia/zabytki/zapis_urbs_gyddanyzc_520.jpg ) ( look at the underlined word ) back in the 10th century . 
  [ and do people mention czechoslovakia invading poland in 1920 and taking the exact same area ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e9/%c5%9al%c4%85sk_cieszy%c5%84ski.png ) of course , poland retaking zaolzie in 1938 right after the * fucking munich agreement * was a dick move , but so was the way czechoslovakia has gotten those areas from poland 18 years earlier . 
   first , he 's not going to take ukraine , but he needs a buffer zone . 
  russia is the * fucking biggest country * in the world . 
  there 's literally no country in the world that needs a buffer zone ** less ** than russia . 
  if russia needs ukraine as a buffer zone i guess liechtenstein would need whole europe and half of africa just to feel safe . 
  clearly the only important period in the history of mankind was the 104 years between 1815 and 1919 where danzig belonged to the kingdom of prussia . 
  everything else is irrelevant . 
  * algiers * was french for longer than danzig was prussian/german . 
  if it makes you feel better , i 'm pretty sure if things get significantly worse in ukraine our government will be like sweden in regards to ukrainians . 
   first : nobody cared about the german people , after their land got claimed by the polish through the treaty of versailles and after ww2 . 
  perhaps next time try not to start the world wars and then lose them .
