  i do n't see it ever happening again . 
  i wonder whether the author of this article knows the obscure information that there are actually more slavic languages than just russian , and that cyrillic is not the only slavic writing . 
  all i see is that post-trianon borders are ethnically equally as ` unfair ' as historical borders of hungary . 
  just this time every country taking part in this partition of hungary have gotten either larger or smaller area of dense , contiguous ethnic hungarian majority . 
  and save for szekelyland , which is surrounded by romanians , all these areas are directly connected to what 's left of hungary . 
  for that reason i consider the trianon treaty to be one of the most harsh and unfair treaties ever . 
  being polish , i know well how it is when foreign powers redraw your borders and leave your compatriots behind them . 
  well , we get that much money , because we are a big ( by eu standards ) country . 
  38 million people live here . 
  that 's almost the population size of spain . 
  poland is often mentioned together with czech republic or hungary , and while it 's not without a reason , it probably lead many people in the west to belive that it is just `` one of those many small * eastern * european countries '' . 
  both countries are four times smaller than poland though . 
  to make it clearer - poland have larger population than all the other 9 countries which have joined eu together with us in 2004 combined . 
  and if you looked at per capita stats , you would see that countries like lithuania , latvia or hungary get much more money - per citizen - than poland . 
  so i 'd say it would be surpsising and unfair if we * were n't * getting the most money in absolute numbers . 
   many redditors demanded euroforces , european army and so on , i guess that is not an initially left-wing thing either . 
  that 's a very left-wing thing . 
  right-wing thing would be demanding that there should be no european army at all , and that the individual national armies shall be strenghtened instead . 
   you mean countries occupied by american thugs who raped women and forced strict capitalism on the people oh , i wish something like that happened to my country . 
  instead we have gotten occupied by russian thugs who raped women and forced socialism on people despite their love of capitalism . 
  [ this map would look a bit different then ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/images/newshome/gpd_2008_big.png ) and , had both mine and your wishes came true , it would be danes who would be coming to poland today to do some cheap plumbing instead of the other way around . 
   people have some of the best healthcare in the world this is a common myth about cuba . 
  yes , the healthcare is universal there , [ though quality of it does n't really match the first world standards . 
  ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-wsgx247wlos/t1vrocnzxoi/aaaaaaaabli/zjlanms2w9s/s400/hospital-cubano+%281%29.jpg ), 
   most people would have preferred the soviets take europe . 
  by an odd coincidence , the only people saying such bullshit are the ones who were `` unlucky '' enough to be born in a country which was not taken over by soviets and fucked up by them . 
   communisim has never been tried . 
  communism has been tried multiple times . 
  each time it has brought only genocide , brutal dictatorship , mass poverty and common misery . 
  it was the * real * communism . 
  that 's exactly how communism looks when implemented . 
  1950 's sound like a cool times then . 
  do n't worry guys , if you do n't want them we 'll gladly take them . 
   is that german soldiers were very polite and civil , but russians were rude , violent and barbaric . 
  yeah , even my * polish * grandma said the exact same thing to me . 
  to what would you compare then the lithuanian acquisition of the city , which was `` gifted '' to lithuania by soviet russia during a polish-soviet war a month or two before the \u017beligowski 's mutiny ? 
   crimea oh , it was entirely different case . 
  poland has n't just invaded soveirgn and recognized by international community lithuanian territory out of the blue . 
  the wilno/wilna/vilnius changed hands in 1918-1922 numerous times in approximately that order : ober-ost german command  [ 1919 ] polish self-defence  lit-bel soviet socialist republic  poland  [ 1920 ] soviet russia  lithuania  \u017beligowski 's mutiny ( republic of central lithuania )  [ 1922 ] poland, 
  am i tagged as a hardcore polish nationalist too ? 
  you seem to tag everyone who is not a hardcore internationalist leftist as a `` hardcore polish nationalist '' . 
   how about vilnius in 1919/20 wilno was majority polish , with strong jewish minority . 
  lithuanian population of this city was about 2 % . 
  the countryside spoke polish aswell . 
  there was literally nothing lithuanian about the city save for `` being historical capital of lithuania '' . 
  not really . 
  yes , it is a population density + major roads and railways map , though the `` base level '' is different for each country . 
  in other words , it is correct for each individual country , but the levels of twitter usage are not comparable between countries . 
  for example twitter is not popular at all in poland . 
  literally the only people using it here are celebrities and politicians . 
  guess it did n't really took off here . 
  mind that you can clearly see the western and southern border of poland . 
  and our population density is higher than european ( or even eu ) average , yet we look like we were almost uninhabited . 
  compare it with sweden or latvia , both having about 4 times lower population density than poland , or even with our southern neighbours , who have similar population density and yet they appear darker . 
  the german jury actually gave our song the credit it deserved . 
  i 'm positively surprised . 
  well , we also lack a few aircraft carriers , though i doubt their usefulness on baltic sea . 
   i wonder when poland will join the eurozone i doubt that we will in this decade . 
  or even in the next . 
  in forseeable future i 'd consider it about as probable as sweden joining . 
  at least unless crisis is absolutely over and european economy is again like before 2008 . 
  our currency is now seriously ( like 20-25 % ) undervalued , which boosts our exports and help our economy ( it also drags down our nominal gdp in euro/dollar statistics a bit but well , you ca n't eat your cake and have your cake too ) . 
   every time it 's postponed , the population loses interest . 
  the population is already overwhelmingly against adopting euro . 
  and support for it indeed decreases more and more with time . 
  well , you do n't give a shit about history and do n't know shit about poland . 
  nevertheless , discussing with you was quite fun , even though some of your agruments were really silly ( with the `` books.google.pl '' one being absolute topkek ) . 
   the rise of the frankish empire in the west , and in particular ** the great schism that formally divided eastern orthodoxy and roman catholicism , enhanced the cultural and religious distinctiveness between eastern and western europe . 
  ** that 's the part about poland you would find if you bothered to read the article you linked . 
  of course you wo n't find poland in * modern * definitions of western europe . 
  i do n't think i have to explain why . 
   we are way behind even greece or spain , countries much poorer than us before the ww2 . 
      your quote . 
      i am sorry but only western countries can write something like this and yes , we are now behing them , and then we were n't . 
  and when you think it 's all the fault of soviet occupation ... well , that explains our mood of collective depression . 
  also til japan , south korea and taiwan are western countries . 
  [ wikipedia map !, 
  if something is on wikipedia , it 's the divine truth and the only thing that matters , as your own words said . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/clash_of_civilizations_map2.png )  nobody ever called a poland a western country and kept a straight face oh , since the communism made a joke out of our country this kind of shit really started to happen . 
  but that 's the funny thing about the cold war . 
  in minds of the people it made poland and hungary eastern european , and made greece western . 
   call countries like spain , italy and greece poor . 
  i have n't called italy poor at all . 
  hell , i even said that - as a whole country per capita - they were a bit richer than poland . 
  i did n't call spain and greece poor either ( though they ** were ** relatively poor - and so was poland ) . 
  i just called them * poorer * than poland before the war - which was true . 
   you said that those countries were much poorer than yours . 
  they * were * poorer . 
  though i admit , my memory failed me , it was a smaller marign than i thought . 
   you can not poorest part of one country with richest part of some other country . 
  but you can compare countries overall . 
  of course italy 's gdp per capita was seriously dragged down by southern areas , but poland had very poor areas like polesie or eastern galicia too . 
   only true western countries poland was a true western country for almost a millenium . 
  40 years of communism could make us poor , but it did n't made us eastern european ( alright , if you are using the economical definition of `` eastern europe '' it did , but still - i dislike that label so much ) . 
   but we can both agree that  life in pre-ww1 / ww1 was not better in poland than in italy , spain and greece save for northern italy of course , which was on the level of western europe , i 'd say it was comparable . 
  in some areas maybe better in poland , in some better in spain or greece . 
   and they were n't that important like those 3 southern countries again , italy was obviously more important than poland . 
  it would be silly to pretend otherwise . 
  they were one of the pre-wwi empires ( arguably the weakest one , but still ) , they had much bigger overall economy , and were the third most populous country in europe after ussr and germany . 
  spain ?
