  and that 's exactly why sikorski said what he said . 
  how could americans be a reliable ally we could count on if  if the people were given a vote , they would pull out all troops from europe and asia and back into the motherland . 
  it 's a quite common figure of speech which does n't really sound racist in polish . 
  though to an american and translated to english it could sound like that . 
   i do n't quite follow you here , are you saying that the objective ( a buffer zone ) is caused by the means ( expansionism ) ? 
  if russia was n't so hostile and expansionist that seemingly all their neighbours hate them enough to invade them , would they still need a buffer zone ? 
   so they could get their buffer zone but why is russia somehow so fucking special ? 
  why are they the only nation in the world for which it 's somehow * a right and understandable * thing to do to have a buffer zone ? 
  if i understood you correctly you mean something like `` oh yes , yes , maybe they conquered half of the continent enslaving dozens of nations , whatever . 
  but they * needed * that buffer zone because that 's just a russian thing . 
  that 's just how they are , and believe me , being the one * special * nation that can not exist without buffer zone ai n't easy . '', 
   poland becomes strong like during the polish-lithuanian commonwealth ( your nation invaded russia once too ) . 
  poland was never expansionist in the same way russia was . 
  our vast areas in eastern europe far from core regions of poland in central europe were inherited from lithuania . 
  yes , we invaded russia once , even took moscow and enthroned our own puppet tsar for a short time . 
  and i think it was the only instance in which we actually conquered some territory . 
  ^ ( and , if you asked me , it was the biggest mistake of our history that we have n't teamed up with sweden to ultimately destroy russia then when it still was weak , and instead engaged in pointless and devastating wars with sweden . 
  but this is what you get for having a swedish dynasty on your throne i guess . ), 
  russia invaded our eastern lands numerous times both before and after our invasion in 1610 's , ultimately succeeding in the next 200 years in destroying our state after teaming up with austria and prussia . 
   the reason why russia has always been expansionist is because the need a large buffer zone the reason why russia need a large buffer zone is because it has always been expansionist . 
   and the reason they need a large buffer zone is so they can expel invaders . 
  [ as you can clearly see on this map ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-xgzjhujmifq/uphi5ggdasi/aaaaaaaaddi/zzobjzoyjgg/s1600/expansion_of_russia.jpg ) , it was russia who was an invader for all of their history . 
  they were n't always the biggest country in the world spanning from atlantic to pacific , you know . 
  500 years ago russia was just a middle sized country on the eastern edge of europe , who grew that much only because of : a ) multiple invasions against every country bordering them to the west and south ( sweden , poland , turkey ) b ) the fact that siberia was almost uninhabited so there was little to no resistance in colonizing it . 
  siberia was a russian colony in the same way french or british territories in africa were ones . 
  the only difference was that it was connected to russia by land . 
   this however does not mean that they should own the territory , allies or puppet states would be enough ( like the warsaw pact ) . 
  how about you fuck yourself ? 
  defending ourselves against russian imperialism is our foremost national principle since the 17th century . 
  are you asking us to become their puppet states again ? 
  do n't we have / r/polska already for it , which is pretty much dead too ? 
  subscribed anyway though i do n't really expect it to take off . 
  that 's similar to how anti-fracking groups are perceived here . 
  either as russian funded agents or `` useful idiots '' , both working together to deny our energetical independence . 
  i kinda share this opinion and hope fracking in poland starts as soon as possible . 
  yeah , i too await the times in which we could be calling countries like austria and sweden `` eastern european '' again . 
  because that would make about as much sense as calling czech republic or poland this way . 
  [ here you are . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/g639ytj ) screenshot from the [ file description . 
  ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:regions_of_europe_based_on_cia_world_factbook.png ), 
  and here is another just as official map : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/regions_of_europe_based_on_cia_world_factbook.png unlike the other map , this map has actually been upgraded in the last 25 years to better reflect reality . 
   eastern europe is called eastern europe because it 's the eastern part of europe . 
  is it ? 
  take a look on the map again . 
  nobody ever called czech ( oslovakia ) , hungary or poland `` eastern europe '' before soviets came and fucked these countries up . 
  before the war the only adjective one would use to describe location of these countries in europe would be `` middle '' ( `` central '' ) one . 
  and we all know what unequivocal connotations term `` eastern europe '' has . 
  no doubt people living in countries described as such only by the long outdated cold war-era definition but not actual geography and history longer than the last 50 years dislike being mislabeled this way . 
   it probably ca n't be worse than tusk , right tusk 's government until that whole russian invasion of ukraine thing was quite pro-russian by polish standards . 
   tusk is asking for a large , permanent nato base to be placed in poland along with the missile defense shield everyone in poland is asking for a large , permanent nato base to be placed in poland along with the missile defense shield . 
   there were earlier elections no , there were n't . 
  the elections were carried out in 2005 , as planned . 
  the earlier elections were in 2007 because of the end of exotic pis-samoobrona-lpr coallition . 
  on the other hand it was fortunately the end of sld . 
  if there was one good thing about that affair , it was the fact that it ensured that postcommunists will never become a relevant political force in poland again . 
   continue at 80 km/h even that sounds pretty optimistic . 
  polish railway infrastructure is unfortunately in a state of advanced decay . 
  almost all funding for infrastructure goes into roads and highways . 
  yes , that 's pretty much what i was trying to say . 
  the particularly sad thing is that  much higher growth with simpler and lower taxes and no political oportunism . 
  is the platform ( pun intended ) on which po ran in 2005 and ( to lesser extent ) in 2007 . 
  oh , how things have changed . 
  i thought it was pretty much the consensus that poland is ( still ) doing relatively good economically not * thanks * to the actions of current government but * despite * them . 
  perhaps this is the promised economical miracle after all . 
  but the ever rising national debt and imminent pension system crash can not be postponed indefinitely . 
  ^ ( edit : spelling ), 
  man , it 's not 2005 or even 2007 anymore . 
  back then po really seemed as * the * party that might fix it all . 
  they got their chance . 
  no party held power for that long in modern history of poland . 
  and they wasted it all . 
  anyone who * still * has any bit of faith left in po is either blind or has a very superficial knowledge of how things in poland really are going . 
   causing parties to need to pander to the older conservative people who are the only ones remaining for votes . 
  younger people in poland are much more conservative than the older ones . 
  and it 's not only my anecdotal evidence from living in poland all my life . 
  in the last european elections among voters aged under 25 the unlikely winner was knp ( ultraconservative-libertarians , something like ron paul combined with tea party on steroids ) with 28.5 % of votes , pis ( national-conservatives ) was second with 21 % , ruling po ( generic epp party ) came third with 19 % and ruch narodowy ( something like polish jobbik ) was fourth with 6 % . 
   and the baltics where the most wealthy nations in that union . 
  well , they were communist for 20 years less than the rest of ussr . 
  of course they were the wealthiest . 
  the diffrence is that the german-inhabited terrtories were never part of germany . 
  they were part of first the kingdom of bohemia , then austrian empire , and then , during the dissolution of austria-hungary in 1918 , they were awarded to czechoslovakia , partly because of economical and historical reasons , and partly because it would be really awkward having this long narrow strip of mountainous lang belonging to austria and encircling czechoslovakia . 
  the small polish-inhabited territory was the western half of the duchy of cieszyn , which was a part of austria-hungary as well . 
  during the dissoluton of austia-hungary in 1918 duchy was divided by ethnic lines and most of it , includng the zaolzie area , was awarded to poland . 
  however , czechoslovakia invaded it when poland was seriously troubled by large-scale war with bolsheviks in the east . 
  there is an inherent difference betweent those two situations . 
  czechoslovakia actually invaded zaolzie in 1920 , [ even though initial demarcation line on cieszyn silesia was drawn along ethnic lines and left zaolzie on polish side . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e9/%c5%9al%c4%85sk_cieszy%c5%84ski.png ) pretty dick move from czechoslovakia , is n't it ? 
  though taking it back in the very week germany anexed sudetenland has surely given a wrong impression . 
  oh , they might still be in denial but some day they will realize it . 
  it will also be the day they find the answer to the question `` what could possibly be the reason that at least half of europe hates us ? 
  a good thing we were able to move this line then . 
  the cold war has ended and so has the lasting since 40 's ( soviet ) russian occupation of numerous central and eastern european states . 
  russians have no say in alliances of other sovereign nations . 
   the us should n't be a part of it . 
  why ? 
  the us is what * actually * makes this alliance as powerful as it is . 
  ^ ( not to mention even if nato dissolved in a way you propose , a new alliance with usa would be our first priority . 
  usa is considered in poland to be the only ally we could really count on in the unlikely case of war . ), 
  the whole point of nato is that the strongest military superpower in the world , usa is a part of it . 
  it was n't just a non-aggresion part .
