  except the exact opposite happened . 
  poland gradually antagonized germany by refusing to take offensive action against the soviet union , and when they started to act agressive it declared that it would not step down even a little and came for ( ultimately worthless , as it turned out ) france and uk instead . 
   something that happened after proves him right  unless he had a sixth sense , it 's not a justification . 
  i do n't really follow you here . 
  soviet union attacking half of continent in preparations of predicted invasion is `` buying time '' , but poland making defensive precautions against the predicted invasion is `` not a justification '' ? 
  that 's absurd , i find it hard to take you seriously with such fallacies coming from you . 
   was referring to war against germany . 
  and i was referring to wars against poland and finland , lawless annexations of latvia , lithuania and estonia , and forced cession of territory by romania . 
   had poland not occupied then obviously what claims would the ussr have over poland ? 
  it would have the exact same ammount of claims it had in otl - zero . 
  that did n't stopped them here though . 
   what is percentages agreement a futile attempt of churchill to lessen soviet grip on europe at least a bit . 
   are you referring to west ukraine ? 
  well , seems that germans were merely securing their control of reichskommisariat ost then , and there was no such thing as german invasion of ussr . 
  post-invasion names count as an argument now , apparently . 
   if hitler was stopped before he could even invade poland , the outcome would have been much different . 
  if hitler was n't backed up by soviets in his invasion of poland , and the french did what they were supposed to do instead of hiding behind their incomplete fortification line the outcome would indeed be different . 
   if germany did n't have a neutrality pact with the ussr they would not only be in war against britain and france , but the ussr would be in a much more powerful position and could put germany into another two front war . 
  how nice of ussr to make things so convenient for their supposed enemy then . 
   quality argument i 'm glad that you are not even trying to deny the truth . 
   britain and france would n't have to bear the brunt of the war effort had the ussr been an ally they did n't have to bear the brunt of the war effort in 1939 either , as over 80 % was concentrated on polish border , but it did n't help them either . 
   because britain and france were n't waging a war , does n't mean that the same would have happened provided the ussr allied with them , you ca n't know for certain . 
  conversely , just because britain and france were n't waging a war until september 17 , does n't mean that the same would have happened provided the ussr would n't join the invasion of poland , you ca n't know for certain . 
   decisions made at the time were not made in accordance of what we know now . 
  and , in accordance with what we knew them , letting the soviet army into poland would be exacly as big a mistake , as it seems with the current knowledge . 
  polish people in the interwar period were not blind and deaf and seen through the soviet bullshit from the very beginning . 
   yeah pilsudski and his anti soviet attitude to international politics was totally justified because the ussr occupied poland a few years later . 
  exactly . 
  he was right , and ussr was a danger of poland just like he thought . 
   he had no idea what the outcome would be . 
  it turns out he had a pretty good idea what would happen if he allowed the red army on polish territory . 
   could have been totally different had the ussr not been isolated from the rest of the world and had other nations not been so hostile . 
  it would definitely be easier for ussr to conduct their communist coups in foreign countries if that was the case . 
  you literally asked whether anyone would mind if everybody wrote in his language first , then english . 
  i just answered this question . 
  censorship of the immigration-related posts . 
   what if everybody had his language first , then english ? 
  personally , i would find translating everything i have already wrote in english back to my native language both time consuming and obnoxious . 
   why may ? 
  germany withdrew from the german-polish non-aggression pact in april while we have already shot down most of possibilities for anti-soviet alliance with germany by spring 1939 , and signed a defensive pact with uk in march 1939 ( which was a direct cause of german withdrawal ) , the 5th may speech of our minister beck in which he upheld our foreign policy of standing up to germany and not foldimg to them no matter what was what have ultimately closed all the other possibilities we still had by then . 
   yes , after they failed to ally with britain and france , no , it was only a convenient excuse for soviet union to finally unleash their imperialist machine they 've been gearing up for two decades . 
  britain and france in 1939 were in no shape to be of any * actual * help , as they have proven by their utter failure to deliver on alliance treaty they had with poland . 
   i never said alliance oh , but * i * said that . 
  germans literally tried to persuade poland to join the anti-comintern pact , and poland declined . 
  in hindsight , that * was * a great mistake on our part indeed , we should have totally agreed to this proposition , survive the war as a german puppet , and then become occupied by ussr like we did in real world anyway . 
  allying france and uk was among the worst courses of actions we could have made , while having two agressive power-hungry superpowers on our borders . 
   and let 's not forget that the western nations also intervened in the civil war too , so who really is the aggressor here ? 
  the western nations were allied with the pre-revolutionary government of russia , of course they sent help to what they seen as the legitimate government of russia fighting a rebelion . 
   poland has been aggressive as well , and pilsudski wanted to divide up the soviet republics and had interests in those former plc territories . 
  pi\u0142sudski had his belarusian and ukrainian allies , who did n't want their countries to become soviet republics . 
   pi\u0142sudski regarded the new chancellor as less dangerous than his immediate predecessors , ... and saw the soviet union as the greater threat soviet union * was * the greater threat . 
  seeing as , ultimately , they were the ones to occupy our country . 
  hitler could have been easily disposed in 1933 , which is what pi\u0142sudski initially proposed , soviet union already was a powerful country with a recent history of attempts to conquer poland by then . 
   especially when you said poland was unable to defend itself , well , it 's certainly not easy to defend yourself when the red army invades the territory you have planned to retreat to from the start . 
   and when poland already had non-aggression pacts in the past . 
   the 1934 polish-german non-aggression pact , soon followed by a trade agreement with germany '' we also had a non-aggression pact with soviet union , signed in 1932 . 
  when you border two dangerous totalitarian dictatorships avoiding conflict with either of them is generally the thing you are trying to do . 
   the point where he opposed french and czechoslovak efforts to include the soviet union in a common front against nazi germany pi\u0142sudski knew that once the red army would enter poland , it would not leave that easily . 
  and , as the aftermatch of ww2 shown , he was proven right , as the exact thing pi\u0142sudski feared would happen happened - 45 years of soviet occupation of poland . 
   the pact would benefit both sides yeah , it eliminated all the neutral states that had misfortune of being located between ussr and germany and allowed a creation of direct border between the two countries . 
  pure defensive genius indeed . 
   ussr does n't go to war except for having to invade six different countries , that is . 
   whereas germany will not go to war on two fronts since the western nations were n't allied with the ussr . 
  germany does n't need a pact for that , as attacking poland already means war with uk and france , and they are not attacking ussr until they deal with them . 
   had britain and france allied with the ussr , hitler would n't be able to expand further without threats from three powerful nations . 
  again , britain and france * were * allied with poland , and they either were n't ready and capable of waging a war yet ( britain ) , or thought their defensive fortifications are sufficient and were n't willing to invade germany themselves ( france ) . 
  lack of alliance with either of those countries was a cheap excuse for ussr , nothing more . 
  it 's not that it would be of * any * help for them . 
   except we 're discussing pre-ww2 here not after ww2 except it turns out that ussr did the exact thing poland feared it will do all this time . 
   do n't think that the western allies actually liked the ussr it was only an alliance out of a mutual enemy but i fully understand the position of western allies , poland during the ww2 was in the exact same position ( or even worse , as we were actually invaded by ussr before we became forced co-beligerents due to common enemy in nazi germany ) . 
   yesterday was stalingrad day yesterday was also the day the nazi-soviet alliance that lasted until 1941 was signed . 
  i 'd say it 's much more important than some `` stalingrad day '' , especialy as neither anniversary was round . 
  this is * not * a map of german-majority areas , but a map of areas where germans were more numerous than 5 % . 
  it 's * very * misleading , especially regarding territories in poland where most of german-colored area actually indicates only a small german minority . 
   do but to respond to aggression with aggression thus becoming no different than nazi germany , especially considering their equally as brutal treatment of occupied territories . 
   especially when a neutrality pact between germany or poland would not be an unlikely possibility since may of 1939 the possibility of such course of action dropped to zero . 
  soviets signed their alliance with germany * three months later * . 
   considering they both had a common hatred for the ussr all neighbours or ussr hated it , considering that it was a totalitarian , powerful , aggressive and dangerous country . 
   not disagreeing with that , i 'm merely pointing out that poland was passive in regards to german expansionism i wonder how on earth you imagine poland being `` active '' in regards to the german expansionism . 
  we had no capabilities to be * active * . 
   would not be unlikely had germany been neutral with poland and decided to go for ukraine or belarus instead , since such territories may have been of interest to poland considering their history . 
  except we have consistently declined all the alliance proposals for germany . 
  that 's exactly why they invaded us - together with their new soviet allies . 
   yes , after lenin 's death they adapted a `` socialism in one country '' policy rather than one of a worldwide revolution and we have totally seen after the ww2 how much they held to this principle , installing socialist puppet regimes all over the europe . 
   they did n't form an alliance , they agreed to create spheres of influence . 
  exactly . 
  they lawlessly divided entirety of europe between their countries into their own `` spheres of influence '' , promised not to interfere with each other 's spheres , and then proceeded to invade and annex the countries in their respective spheres of influence , with . 
  if that 's not a * de-facto * alliance , it 's one of the best examples of co-belligerence in history at least . 
  [ totally-not-allies conduct their joint victory parade in the middle of occupied poland . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e3/bundesarchiv_bild_101i-121-0012-30%2c_polen%2c_deutsch-sowjetische_siegesparade%2c_panzer.jpg ) [ totally-not-allied soviet and german military commanders were also present at the victory parade . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/armia_czerwona%2cwehrmacht_23.09.1939_wsp%c3%b3lna_parada.jpg )  pilsudski himself said he wanted hitler to stay in power as long as possible pi\u0142sudski also proposed france a joint preventive invasion of germany in 1933 , but was declined . 
   that 's exactly what i meant , as if poland was completely non-interventionist we were n't completely non-interventionist , but we have n't invaded and partially or completely annexed six different sovereign countries in a span of one year after prior agreement with nazi germany either . 
   poles respected german claims to the klaipeda territory in lithuania for example . 
  we had no claims to k\u0142ajpeda territory ourselves , and in turn lithuania had its own claims to the wilno territory in poland . 
   that they did n't despise the ussr of course we despised the ussr , we seen it as the biggest existential threat to our country from the moment it formed . 
  it 's not like soviet russia almost counquered our country in 1920 , or anything . 
  actually , not at all , this particular map is infamous for showing all areas where german speakers were above * 5 % * of population in the exact same `` german '' shade . 
  which leads to gross visual overestimation of area of german , for it 's not like most of central poland had lots of 20km in diameter german communities all over it . 
  [ this one is based on * actual * german census data . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/sprachen_deutsches_reich_1900.png ),
