  such orders were absolutely unheard of until now . 
   according to you it is so common no , according to me using constitutional loopholes - like what pis did before december 3 , 2015 - is common . 
  it 's unusually spectacular , but there 's nothing new about it . 
   whataboutism ? 
  i never called any march a fascist one so not sure what are you trying to achieve here . 
  good for you . 
  your favorite news sources , from which you seem to get your knowledge on polish matters while living in finland certainly did though . 
   you are free to use your own logic but then no wonder we can not understand each other . 
  i am literally quoting the wikipedia article here , but keep trying . 
  and on the contrary , i understand your flawed arguments very well , for i used to think quite similar merely a few years ago . 
   ah is that so . 
  ok ... how vast exactly ? 
  it 's pretty self-evident from looking at those demonstrations . 
  though i am sadly not aware whether there were any polls taken among demonstration participants . 
   and source is ... [ `` where is the source ? 
   that 's why it means it needs to be done immediately . 
  it means that only after the court issues a legally binding interpretations that 's what it means . 
  which happened only on december 3 , 2015 . 
   if what you say would be true then it would be possible that president would be able to never take the oath . 
  because it * was * , until the tribunal declared otherwise last month . 
   it is funny because this was one of the argument pis presented to tribunal on a hearing about 5 judges elected by po . 
  yes , it 's called hypocrisy . 
  quite a common thing among politicians . 
   so when po does this then this rule apply but when pis does it , it does n't ? 
  it would seem so . 
  or the other way around perhaps ? 
  that depends on who has the last word most likely . 
   tribunal does not state new law . 
  it just interprets existing one . 
  and tribunal 's interpretation become valid * from the moment * they are issued . 
   president broke the law by not appointing po elected judges , he broke the law by appointing extra judges ( you said it yourself ) . 
  no , i said that he * would * break the law if he did it * today * . 
  on the other hand , no such legally binding interpretation existed back when he did it . 
  he would break the law only if he appointed the three judges now , even though there already are 15 judges . 
   he broke constitution again by not obeying the ruling . 
  and he would break the constitution by obeying the ruling . 
   if tribunal ruled that one is judge since being elected it does not mean that rules changed . 
  it means that there now exists a legal interpretations of what exactly `` judge being elected means '' , and it 's binding from now on . 
   constitutional tribunal does not rule about people but judge if acts are compatible with constitution . 
  it seemed to very much rule about people in this particular case . 
   when was last time when president overruled tribunal verdict ? 
  you also refused to answer my question - when was the last time when implementing the tribunal verdict would force the president to break the constitution ? 
  you can not possibly expect president to obey the ruling that would result in explicitly breaking the law by him . 
   you named whole group after subset of that group . 
  because the independence marches were never called `` marches of fascists '' ? 
   logic has a term for that : generalization and it 's a term describing the essential basis of all valid deductive inferences . 
   otherwise you could just call whole thing a gay parade if you would spot one or two . 
  there are not `` one or two '' former government supporters among kod protesters , they make a vast majority of them . 
  this particular logical fallacy you have used here is called `` strawman fallacy '' . 
   breaking the constitution for the first time . 
  the constitution did not include time limit for appointing the judges . 
   which in legal language means `` immediately '' . 
  it means `` immediately '' only after such interpretation is explicitly stated by a court ruling . 
   which clearly had no legal value as in polish law there is autonomy of parliament terms . 
  the autonomy of parliament terms is a * custom * , it 's not written anywhere . 
  parliamentary customs can be broken , as po 's actions in autumn 2015 proven . 
   and tribunal already ruled that person become a judge in the moment he/she becomes elected and not when oath is sworn . 
  already ? 
  no , tribunal ruled that * after * president appointed the new judges . 
  one of principal legal rules is * lex retro non agit * . 
   tribunal clearly stated that one become a judge in the moment he/she is elected by parliament and not when oath is sworn . 
  again , tribunal stated that * afterwards * . 
  until then , the only thing legally binding were unclear articles of constitution . 
   so here is another case when duda broke the constitution yes , he somehow broke the constitution retroactively , do you even read what you write ? 
  apparently one should now act with foreknowledge what * future * interpretations of constitution will look like . 
   again show me the case where president overruled verdict of the tribunal court before ? 
  again , show me the case where the verdict of the tribunal court commanded the president to * break * the constitution ? 
   pardon me but i thought that `` it 's a swan song of supporters of former ruling party , who refuse to accept the fact that they somehow managed to lose the power '' but that what it * is * . 
  it does n't invalidate the fact that it might be many other things as well . 
   which i proved to you with evidences that it is not true . 
  you have only proven that on top of what i claimed , there are some other groups involved as well . 
  well , it does n't change the fact that it 's still a * swan song of supporters of former ruling party , who refuse to accept the fact that they somehow managed to lose the power * , even if some supporters of post-commies also joined it . 
  that 's how i perceive it , and ultimately that 's what their * base * is . 
  * le tinfoil hat *  which is a single entity enjoying the mess pis is doing with poland and eu . 
  it would lately seem that the thing best working against the eu is eu itself . 
  what it is with you and those sophisms ? 
  yes , by virtue of neither of them being a part of another group , you could say they are a part of the same group - a group of non-group belongers . 
  likewise , you could for example claim that both mammals and bacteria are part of the same group , by virtue of neither of them belonging to the group of reptiles . 
   except you forgot about one thing . 
  there is assumption that acts passed by parliament are constitutional so actually duda should take oath from 5 judges elected by po . 
  yet he did n't , and the constitution did not explicitly state the timeframe in which this needs to happen . 
  besides , there is an assumption that acts passed by parliament are constitutional - and the parliament passed acts which revoke the choosing of said five judges . 
   beside he took those oaths at night in order to appoint them before tribunal will judge that act . 
  he could appoint them within 5 minutes before tribunal judged the act , and it would still have no relevance . 
  while he did it , there still was no ruling of tribunal . 
  on the other hand , observing the ruling of tribunal would clearly and explicitly * violate * the constitution . 
   after that tribunal clearly stated that he have to take oath from those judges after that tribunal clearly stated that he have to violate the constitution by increasing the number of tribunal judges to 18 . gg . 
   so do not bull shit us with `` nothing unusual '' with this . 
  it 's nothing unusual , as it 's fully using numerous imperfections of the constitution to their advantage - business as usual . 
  though admittedly , nobody was * this * blatant and spectacular in doing so until now . 
   actually , it 's `` if you are not against us , you are with us '' - that 's pis pov of kukiz/korwin . 
  yes , and * your * pov is `` if you are not with us , you are against us '' , that 's not mutually exclusive . 
   quote by hungarian communist leader janos kadar , by the way . 
  the version i quoted was told by both lenin and mussolini , so i 'd say you indeed joined a quite honorable bunch . 
   so basically po has no right to protest ever . 
  because each of their protests would be dismissed by you as a `` cry after lost elections '' . 
  oh , they are free to protest all they want . 
  and i am free to make fun of their protests because losing the elections they could n't possibly lose was indeed a major trauma for them . 
   i never said all opposition parties protests . 
  you did n't ?
