  at least this time the puppetmaster is domestic for a change . 
  quoting what you just said , our best interests just do n't always align with what is right to do . 
  anyhow , poland not importing foreign , culturally alien population which does not even * want * to come here in the first place also seems like a good idea to me for multiple reasons . 
   marching straight to the tribunal of the state due to his actions . 
  yeah , good luck finding a 2/3 majority in national assembly for that . 
   for example what is there to gain from sanctioning russia ? 
  why should germany care if they annex crimea ? 
  do n't good trade relations benefit us more than sanctions ? 
  well , considering the recent news on nord stream ii , those sanctions are not something germany treats seriously anyway . 
  he recalled the exact period slightly wrong , as in 2001-2002 we experienced a brief stagnation out of which we recovered by 2003 , but the general idea of his post was correct , that 's why i posted this graph . 
  i have also posted a more detailed graph showing gdp growth on quarterly basis further down in this thread . 
  anyhow , the point i 'm posting here is to disprove this completely untrue and childlish claim of / u/helloyesthisisduck 's original post , as the year-by-year data clearly shows that polish membership in eu had no significant effect on polish growth rates , and the longest period of steady , high growth was actually * before * we joined the eu . 
  yes , it does actually , at the level directly proportional to the shittyness of a comparison . 
  which is rather high in this particular case . 
  thanks for your support . 
  even if they are coming from completely safe lwow or odessa , they are still more of a refugee than anyone coming from a completely safe camp in turkey through a dozen of safe countries on their way here . 
  there was a brief stagnation between 2001 and 2002 though . 
  [ yes , he is . 
  ] ( http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/ffc87d62-e9ec-11e3-bbc1-00144feabdc0.img ) 90s were by far the best period for polish gdp * growth * . 
  just a friendly reminder that we were doing [ just as fine ( if not better ) before 2004 , and joining the eu did not affect our gdp growth levels in any significant way . 
  ] ( http://wykresygieldowe.bblog.pl/i/blog/users/2841/files/image/1120061-produkt-krajowy-brutto-wzrosl.jpg ) perhaps you should learn how to read charts before shitposting , because the only thing you have proven here is that you are a functional illiterate . 
  not exactly an innovation in polish politics . 
  yeah , this whole kod thing is like seeing targowica unfolding in real time . 
  of course i do n't , i actually find many of them downright harmful , and i dislike their crude and unrefined style of consolidating power . 
  sadly , right now the alternative is the return of po ( uw 2.0 ) , or po 2.0 ( nowoczesna ) , so as much as it conflicts me , i still support the pis government as the lesser evil . 
   pis got 19 % of total amount of votes [ and the current constitution got 22 % out of total ammount of votes back in 1997 referendum , but it somehow does n't stop various groups from treating it as if it was the sacred will of our nation . 
  the truth is , the most people * do n't give a single fuck * , and out of those who * do * , most support pis . 
  such is democracy . 
  well , that 's because it 's the coat of arms from the times we had a swedish dynasty ( vasa ) on our throne . 
  i 'm a korwin voter , and i fully support the current government so far . 
  out of two evils , it 's definitely an improvement compared to po . 
  we also experienced the biggest stagnation * during * the soviet occupation out of entire eastern bloc , so it 's nothing unusual that our recovery from this sick experiment seems the most effective . 
  i 'm voting for korwin * despite * their leader , not because of him . 
  what you can clearly see is that pis is leading in * all * brackets . 
  including the best educated voters , so in your words , even if `` stupid people '' were n't voting , pis still would win . 
  of course there are , with all the free movement treaties signed between poland and germany . 
  we do n't have analogous ones between ukraine and poland . 
  actually the population density is lowest on north and west of the country , east is average , and south is most densely populated . 
  * former * neighbours . 
  we used to be neighbours with moldavia/romania for many centuries until we lost our eastern territories to ussr after ww2 . 
  commieblock estates , despite often including many high-rise buildings , have surprisingly low population densities due to incredibly inefficient utilization of space * between * them . 
  romania in polish is * rumunia * , while rome in polish is * rzym * , so this connotation is completely lost in our language . 
   oh god just leave the eu already please . 
  oh , we 'll certainly do , the moment its disadvantages will outweigh the benefits . 
  fortunately , that moment did n't come yet , but the current trends are rather worrying on that regard . 
   germany ca n't `` dictate `` anything by itself . 
  yet they try to do so all the time . 
  not in poland . 
  well , unlike romanian gypsies , those countries were lucky enough that their gypsies did n't come in big numbers to poland in the 90s to conduct criminal activities . 
  on the other hand , gangs of `` romanian citizens '' ( pc codename for gypsies ) were a prevalent topic in media back then , which led to popular in poland misconception that all romanians are gypsies . 
  well , we are increasing cooperation with other states because it suits our interests , and on top of that the next time we will wish to resist whatever eu/germany will try to dictate , having some allies would visibly help our chances . 
  even teenagers would easily understand this particular reference , unless they somehow managed to go through their life until this point without gaining any basic historical knowledge . 
  except no such thing as `` raid on nato '' happened , it was long confirmed to be misinformation conducted by certain media outlets hostile to the polish government . 
  that was the point , nobody will try to implement idiodic far-left ideas in our country after everyone already seen the damages they have done . 
   so is polan going full orban yeah , but the new government seems really impatient about it , and wants to achieve in a few weeks what orban took years to build . 
  both skoks and various right-wing press titles are private businesses , not paid from our taxes , so even in an unlikely instance that what you claim is actually the case , it 's still completely irrelevant to this discussion . 
  it sadly was n't enough , even macierewicz did n't manage to eliminate communists from the political life in our country . 
  i do n't think so , any coup attempts in poland would fail miserably . 
   and they do n't have the police in their pocket ? 
  tsss the police estimates were more in line with organizers ' estimates as well , and the usual rule is to take an average of both values . 
  well , the city of warsaw is ruled by po and the mayor of warsaw , who also happens to be a po member , even attended the saturday demonstration , so their estimations are obviously biased . 
  i would trust police more on that one . 
  police estimations, 
  wykop is `` polish reddit '' in terms of relative size of its userbase , and the general niche it occupies in polish internet . 
  on the other hand , the only thing strims.pl could be considered is `` polish voat '' , and even that is an exaggeration . 
   they won over half of parliament in elections , but now they would likely be 2nd or even 3rd . 
  in all the recent polls they are leading by at least few points , except for the one outlier poll a week ago where they were in close second , and still almost 15 % over the third party . 
   despite furious propaganda efforts to spin their bullshit . 
  we must live in different countries , as all i have seen was furious anti-government propaganda ( by an odd coincidence , from the exact same news outlets which desperately tried to save the former government before it lost elections ) from the very beginning of the new term . 
  a nice change after a dozen of bland and unimaginative pieces of crappy melodrama and overdramatising . 
  we are equal with usa and above korea on that one , so i would take it with a grain of salt . 
   you miss the fact that poland 's integration started in 1994 in athens . 
  this is where we agreed roadmap and start reforming our country to meet eu standards . 
  and you miss the part where our economic reforms started even earlier , and were mostly unrelated to eu membership . 
   like i said . 
  in 2004 we were already reforming economy and law to be eu compliant . 
  this was very important factor and deadline . 
  without that there would be always temptation to postpone reforms or find the other way . 
  this is what happened on ukraine . 
  every motivation trainer will tell you that in order to achieve sth you need to have clearly defined goal . 
  thus , we did the reforms ourselves , while using a convenient motivation to ensure that they will be implemented swiftly . 
  indeed a big success of poland . 
   of course not . 
  but reforms we made to get into eu and money that eu transferred to poland made huge difference . 
  it was hard work of many poles but do not neglect role of eu in that success . 
  the reforms were made because they were good reforms , not because the selfless missionaries from eu convinced the dumb savages living here in caves to implement them . 
   well i be dammed . 
  somebody found out that participation in a union limits somebodies freedom . 
  it was clear from the start and there was a referendum about that . 
  at the time of the referendum , the eu was functioning according to the nice treaty . 
  it was a quite * nice * treaty indeed , as the eu in essence still a quite loose economical union back then , and that 's what poles voted for in 2003 . 
  not so much after federalists started to shove their agenda down our throats in order to make the union closer . 
  it 's not unbearable yet , but the day may come we 'll have to follow the example of uk and leave it before it 's too late . 
   this is funny how pouring billions into economy is not considered as important for the economy . 
  i am sure that those subsidies were burred in the ground and not used in the economy . 
  oh , they obviously were a nice * addition * to our economy , although minuscule in grand scale of things . 
  if that 's what we sold our independence for , then shame on us , as it 's the modern equivalent of beads and trinkets given to indians in exchange for their lands . 
   because noone from ukraine will go poland or spain to immigrate well , a bit too late , as hundreds of thousands of ukrainians * already * immigrated to poland . 
  here in warsaw i can hear ukrainian spoken in public transport and on streets on daily basis . 
   well first of all parts of the debt were canceled as a `` reward '' for free market reforms and road map to eu .
