  i thought that 's just a coincidence , turns out i was right the whole time . 
  i had no idea for username so i used the first lame polish pun i thought of : `` nieuchwytny uchwyt '' literally means `` unhandleable handle '' , but can also mean `` elusive grip '' . 
  i think your sarcasm detector is broken . 
  well , that was before soviets did the only thing they were ever good at - fucking everything up . 
  yeah , that orban-bashing is becoming ridiculous lately . 
   the state can handle many things better than the private sector . 
  each time you or your child uses private education , healthcare etc. 
  you 're putting everyone else at a disadvantage . 
  that 's so wrong it 's not even wrong . 
  well , maybe you might be right when we are talking about some ideal utopia . 
  in real world though ( at least in my country ) private sector does virtually everything including healthcare and education better , cheaper ( well , but you are paying twice , as your taxes are also `` wasted '' for the shitty state services which you do n't even use anyway ) and more efficient . 
  he was n't talking about wwii . 
  in late 18th century prussia captured then western poland ( so `` germany flooded poland '' ) , which resulted in mass immigration of poles from there to the ruhr valley over century later . 
   how are you going to deal with the loss in competitiveness ? 
  well , hopefully it wo n't be an issue in next decade , as we are n't joining eurozone anytime soon . 
  most poles oppose it , and even if our ruling party would like to pass necessary legislation ( and while they tell everyone they want euro , i think they really do n't ) , they would be unable to change constitution , as they do n't have 2/3 majority and national conservative opposition will surely oppose it . 
  and after all most of criteria are still unfulfilled by poland . 
  the best way to deal with the loss in competitiveness is not joining eurozone until we are as wealthy as germany ( so probably not even in our generation lifetime ) . 
  oh , that 's the point . 
  your roma actually come to my country . 
  i mean , the not integrating ones . 
  most beggars i see in warsaw are of romani descent . 
  and they are not romani from poland . 
  well , at this point in poland the word `` rumun '' ( which means `` a romanian '' ) is also for most population synonymous with `` gypsy '' and have negative connotations . 
  i know that there are a lot of them who are good , decent , integrating people . 
  the problem is that we notice only the ones who are not . 
  though i 'm not a supporter of more federal eu , i 'd be perfectly happy if we implemented swiss solution one day . 
  territorial autonomy in sz\u00e9kely land is something hungarians should have since like 90 years ago , right after trianon . 
  i hope this issue will be finally resolved . 
  the interesting fact is that , if it had n't been for that bombings , zapatero would probably had never won any elections in spain . 
  yeah , let 's break up the whole eu to the level of counties then , why do we even need the middle government level of regions ? 
  ^ ( edit : spelling ), 
  breaking up my country into 6 or 7 random and arbitrary regions would n't benefit anyone living there . 
  so it 's both partiotism and pragmatism . 
   dissolution of countries and usage of nuts1 as the core regional units . 
  well , we like them * because * of the napoleon thing . 
  not for breakfast . 
  so portugal have n't embraced multiculturalism ? 
  good for you guys . 
  yeah , imagine if germans were banning promotion of nazism ... oh , wait . 
  hungary, 
   nobody knows how many taxes there are , and in most cases the cost of collecting them far outweighs the benefits . 
  they however serve the purpose of keeping a gigantic and inefficient bureaucracy busy . 
  yup . 
  sounds exactly like poland . 
  well , then you should have mentioned that you are talking about czechoslovakia , and not about all countries occupied by soviets after wwii . 
  that 's utter bullshit . 
  you must had come from some kind of alternate universe . 
  yeah , after complete destruction of whole country during wwii , standard of living was obviously rising , and reached pre-war levels maybe in 60s , then we had few good years in the 70 's , and then completely inefficient socialist economy finally collapsed , which caused decrease of standard of living , which continued for over decade until overthrowing of soviet collaborators in late 80 's . 
  at that point thanks to all the ` amazing ' socialist policies we were basically a third ( well , second ) world shithole . 
  then we had a transition period which of course included a lot of corruption , scandals , and not enough economical liberalism , but despite that in last 20 years standard of living in poland raised like never before . 
  ( yeah , i know my english suck ), 
  no need to worry , we wo n't join anytime soon . 
  there is neither public , nor parliamentary support for it ( and you need 3/5 majority to change constitution ) , and poland have n't even fulfilled economic criteria yet . 
  ^ edit : accidentally ^ a ^ word, 
   what you guys think about the demographic crisis europe is suffering right now . 
  it is really bad right now , and it will get even worse ( especially in eastern europe ) . 
   your opinion on migration to europe . 
  well , as long as they are skilled specialists which are needed in europe , i 'm cool with it , and i do n't care where they came from . 
  however , if they are some unskilled savages from third world countries like arab countries or somalia - no way . 
   are you happy that there is `` multiculturalism '' ? 
  absolutely not . 
  multiculturalism might be the nail in the coffin for already dying european culture . 
   would you like it better if all immigration ceased ? 
  if we were n't in deep demographical crisis , of course . 
   what do you think about the fact that the native european population is melting down while the immigrant families are having more children ? 
  i 'm obviously not happy about it , but that 's inevitable . 
   is it a legitimate concern ? 
  as for now only a bit . 
  but in 50 years , it will probably become a major issue , when 1/4 , or 1/3 of population in some western european countries will be of immigrant origin . 
  anyway , in poland for obvious reasons we do n't have problems with either multiculturalism , nor mass immigration ( well , 2 million poles emigrated to western europe in last 10 years after all ) , as my country is ethnically ( thanks to uncle stalin ) 99 % polish ( there are some ukrainian immigrants , and a little bit of germans ) , and 99.9 % white ( several tens of thousands of vietnamese in larger cities ) . 
  yea , this map shows literally the last year when we still were an european superpower . 
  then cossack uprising , swedish deluge , independence of prussia , and war with russia happened , and poland never really recovered since then . 
  please come back to srs . 
  well , at least not yet . 
  all hail the mighty empire of hungary !, 
  poland is the new austria-hungary . 
  or yugoslavia . 
  or whatever . 
  also greetings to our beloved neighbors , estonia , italy and greece . 
  as a polish conservative this is the very reason why i 'm not against civil partnerships . 
   why is gay marriages dangerous ? 
  are you afraid you are going to end up like norway ? 
  well , after all it 's not gay marriage that made those countries successful in comparsion to poland , but rather that not-being-occupied-by-nazi-germany-and-then-by-soviet-union-for-half-of-century-and-also-having-a-lot-of-natural-resources thing . 
  i would n't be so optimistic , many young people are n't really much more ` liberal ' ( in american way ) than our grannies . 
  while you see a lot of complaints about our government on polish internet , it 's mostly about it being too ` leftist ' and ` socialist ' , and ` selling poland to brussels ' . 
  every major social website is right leaning . 
  well , i 'm conservative libertarian myself so it 's not that i have any problem with it . 
  oh , because you expected that projects to succeed ? 
  it was obvious from the very beginning that only marginal parties like palikot 's populists and post-commies will vote for it . 
  and to be honest there is no much social support in poland for same-sex partnerships , not even talking about children adoption or marriage , where it 's near zero . 
  well , we are fucked then . 
  fortunately it 's not going to happen anytime soon ( though some cities in western europe might become majority muslim in next few decades ), 
  til hungary left eu . 
  and you have funny language . 
  it 's like hearing retarded children speaking , but cuter . 
  and if we did n't joined eu in 2004 it would still be about 70 % of eu average gdp today . 
  our economic growth did not considerably speeded up after 2004 . 
  very good . 
  at least constitutional council maintained common sense .
