  also , the lithuanian parliament * has * supported the creation of some polish territorial organization , back in 1990 when they still needed foreign support , but when they secured their independence they immediately started to ignore earlier promises and this situation persisted to this day . 
   according to census when general zeligowski had control over vilnius til that [ german imperial census of 1916 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_the_vilnius_region#1916_german_census ) was actually somehow done by the allmighty general \u017beligowski . 
  i always knew that poles secretly rule the world . 
   how are we not ? 
  the only reason all this current conflict happened is because of their unwillingness to integrate into the society over many years . 
  yeah , they should integrate with your society just like basques should integrate with spaniards , or bretons should integrate with the frenchmen . 
  i wonder why lithuanians were so unwilling to integrate with russians during the soviet union times . 
   how about asking for road signs in polish we have bilingual street signs in kashubian , german or belarusian in municipalities where there 's more than 10 % of minority population . 
  there even are a few municipalities with lithuanian street signs near the border . 
  it 's the most normal thing in the world for us , and the more we are surprised by lithuanian opposition to this ( prom our perspective ) non-issue . 
   maybe we should put russian on there too because overall in lithuania there are definitely more russian speaking people if you somehow took some majority-russian area , like for example the one aound pskov , you should definitely consider putting some bilingual street signs there . 
   can you seriously point out an example where polish people in lithuania were mistreated ? 
  maybe your whole attitude where you sincerely wish for them to disappear ? 
  their leader is pro-kremlin because kremlin supported the [ polish autonomous region in lithuania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_national-territorial_region ) which was abolished by lithuanian authorities in 1991 . 
  it 's pure pragmatism and `` enemy-of-my-enemy is my friend '' line of thinking , especially considering that he has no other allies as polish governments tend to almost completely ignore lithuanian poles in the name of maintaining good relations with lithuania . 
  do i find it sad ? 
  sure . 
  surprising ? 
  not at all . 
  the only thing i 'm insisting on is maintaining a minimal ammount of diginity in treating autochtonous population of most recent part of your country - which was something your original post visibly lacked . 
  no , you are totally not insulting them . 
  i 'll now quote a few of such totally-not-insults of yours . 
   we do n't really like them cause they want their own rules they want minority rights that are standard throughout european union !, 
  the horrors !, 
   they keep making pickets about how we hurt them they dare to remind you that you were the ones to annex their homeland !, 
  such entitled cunts !, 
   and they even have a polish party what an outrageous thing indeed !, 
  imagine their nerve - * their own party * !, 
  such unthinkable things in a democratic country , what those perfidious poles are thinking ? 
   we had it for much longer since the overtake , you had it for 20 years , lithuanians left , we had it for 70 years since where exactly i said that it is n't the case ? 
   polish people stayed and keep being annoying . 
  you should have though about it before you insisted on having a polish-inhabited region as your capital . 
  i bet they are , if you had chosen bordeaux as your capital locals would probably be annoying as well . 
   vilnius is literally a city built to be the capital of lithuania . 
  and istanbul is a city literally built to be the capital of greece . 
  that does n't mean greece trying to take it over nowadays would be alright . 
   just like todays poland has approximately as much common with ancient poland . 
  sure thing mate , people in ancient poland spoke old polish , people in current poland speak modern polish . 
  we could easily understand each other with a bit of practice . 
  on the other hand people in gdl spoke old ruthenian and middle polish , and people in republic of lithuania speak lithuanian . 
   you need to get over it its our city now  you must be under some weird impression that i somehow * care * about your vilnius . 
  i really do n't - we have many better cities . 
  right now it 's only good for tourist trips where people look for remaining traces of wilno anyway . 
  the only thing i care about is you insulting my compatriots who have a misfortune of living in your country . 
  they did n't come to your country - your country came to them , with a big support of the red army . 
   and you had it for 20 years , while we had it for almost 700 years  but , we had it for much longer then and now slovaks should totally give back their entire country to hungarians then , after all `` we had it for much longer '' apparently counts as an argument now . 
   does it make it yours that you scavenged and overtook the city in the aftermath of a massive war ? 
  we did n't need to `` overtake '' the city , as it was already controlled by its polish citizens from the moment ww1-german control of it ended . 
  if anything , it was the republic of lithuania who * overtook * the city during their brief period of unwanted rule between july and october 1920 . 
   took it back define `` back '' . 
  the republic of lithuania had approximately as much in common with grand duchy of lithuania as republic of macedonia has with ancient macedonia . 
  the fact that in 1945 we received 101k square kilometers of eastern germany as a compensation for 178k square kilometers of eastern poland annexed by soviet union is a widely known fact around here and nobody tries to pretend it was anything other than a great injustice for all sides involved other than soviet union . 
  yeah , many people from wilno were resettled to danzig after the war in order to turn it into gda\u0144sk . 
  i never said it was n't , congratulations on successful colonization . 
  that was not my original point and it remains completely unaffected by this statement . 
   land around vilnius was baltic tribes and it was our capital during grand duchy of lithuania times * was * being a keyword here . 
  by the first half of 20th century `` your capital '' was 2 % lithuanian . 
  it had over 50 % poles , strong jewish minority , and small belarusian , german and russian populatuons , which were still more sizeable than lithuanian one . 
  i wo n't even mention the countryside around the city , which remains majority polish to this day . 
   was you who invaded it in 1919 indeed , we took it from the ober-ost command of the 2nd german reich in january 1919 , as they were retreating back to germany . 
  \\  conquer a polish-majority area in 1939 \\  be surprised that native inhabitants do n't want to learn your language and try to preserve their culture lithuanian logic . 
  seeing that our writers are household names in foreign countries with their works being translated and widely known is always nice . 
  just like the territory of modern ukraine had millions of poles . 
  soviets really liked to move people around during and after the ww2 . 
  the difference being that poles living in lithuania are not immigrants , they are native population of polish-majority area of poland conquered by lithuania ( or rather given to it by soviet union ) in 1939 . 
   started, 
  why on earth would public sector hire anyone not fluent in local language ? 
  you would n't find a job in polish public sector without fluent knowledge of polish , that 's for sure . 
  unlike poland , finland is lucky enough to be located in strategically unimportant position . 
  neutrality is not an option for us . 
  baltic states and benelux countries were neutral before the ww2 as well , and guess how much it helped them with avoiding war . 
  if russia is stupid enough to attack nato , we are fucked regardless of being neutral , or allied with nato . 
  you were already in union with us since 1385 anyway . 
  1569 was more of an inevitable formality than any * actual * change . 
   do n't want to jump to conclusions , but i get the impression that you are n't really enthusiastic about the western world . 
  nah , / u/mrmysterious95 just has his own little alternate universe with several interesting points of divergence , and that 's where action of all of his posts seems to take place . 
  i 'm still torn down on whether it 's just an alt-account with elaborate long-running prank or a guy with actual mental health issues . 
   we 'll be the first ones to die when russia attacks nato . 
  better than being the first ones to die when russia attacks us , a neutral country . 
   how is the reasoning abitrary ? 
   if it is , why does that devalue the reasoning ? 
  so stalin pulling out of his ass that all poles living in soviet union are `` dangerous '' and must be killed is * less arbitrary * , than hitler pulling out of his ass that all jews living in the third reich are `` dangerous '' and must be killed . 
  mhm . 
  completely sound logic . 
   there such thing as hate crime in your country ? 
  no , there is no such thing . 
  actually , the whole idea of `` hate crimes '' is considered a contradiction of one of our most basic legal rules - equality before the law . 
  actions of both stalin and hitler would be considered the exact same crime by our law - forbidden by article 118.1 of polish penal code . 
   because in most , killing someone because they 're black is worse than killing someone because they are in your way . 
  99.9 % of poles killed in 1937-38 genocide were n't killed because they were in stalin 's way , but because they were * poles * . 
  conversely , you could also argue that among millions of jews killed in holocaust , some were bound to somehow be in hitler 's way . 
  both were completely arbitrary reasons . 
  i ca n't possibly understand how one * arbitrary reason * could possibly be any better or worse than * another * arbitrary reason . 
  apparently hitler and stalin * were n't * equally bad people according to some small minority here . 
  there is no difference in motives . 
  stalin * thought * poles are `` dangerous '' to stalin 's regime - he wanted them killed . 
  hitler * thought * jews are `` dangerous '' to german reich , purity of the aryan race , whatever - he wanted them killed . 
  there 's absolutely no objective difference between those two situations . 
  stalin 's or hitler 's personal feelings are irrelevant here - and for all we know , stalin actually could also * hate * poles ( for example one of the soviet armies led by stalin was decisively defeated in southern poland during the soviet invasion of poland in 1920 ) . 
  i 'm sure poles being killed for being poles were relieved when they heard they were killed because stalin thought that poles have being dangerous to stalin 's regime in genes , rather than being killed because stalin happened to hate them .
