   if eu law was n't superseding local law , there would be no fines to be paid . 
  how could it be so when the fines are what is being paid in the case when eu law * does * not supersede the local law ? 
   eventually it changes its own local laws and stop paying the fines . 
  or it does n't , and pays the fines indefinitely . 
  in such case , the eu law in question does not supersede the local law . 
  for example , in the case the eu law happened to be incompatible with the polish constitution , poland - which considers its constitution to be a step above the eu law - would have to chose one of the following options : a ) pay fines indefinitely and not implement the eu law , b ) try to convince eu to pass another law that will be compatible with polish constitution , c ) try to somehow get 2/3 of parliament to change the constitution in a way the eu law in question will happen to be compatible with it , d ) leave the eu . 
  so far , the option c ) was used only twice . 
   the fact that they 're paying the fine is recognizing the supremacy of eu law over the constitution . 
  no , they are recognizing that the international treaty they signed oblige them to eighter have a legislation compatible with eu law , or pay fines . 
  a country does not have to recognize the eu law as * supreme * over its constitution if it feels like having enough funds to spare for paying fines . 
  for example , poland does not recognize eu law as supreme to its constitution ( and never at any point did so ) , and at this point we 've been an eu member for 13 years and counting . 
   so you are happy to roll the dice every 4 years ? 
  well , it usually went like republicans = good for poland , democrats = a bit less good for poland but still alright . 
  and while it might have gotten a little bit more complicated as of late , as of now i still trust the us way more to come to poland 's help in case of any trouble with russia than i trust , let 's say , germany ( * cough * nordstream * cough * ) . 
   but poland is unfazed ? 
  in the dark scenario where we wo n't be able to count even on our best and closest allies , usa , we are already fucked regardless of anything else . 
   it will be really interesting to see what happens to poland then . 
  for the `` safety-from-the-russian-danger '' stuff , we have always seen nato as the first and foremost guarantee anyway . 
  good for both of us i guess . 
   no , u are not . 
  with your logic , the eu is not possible it 's not * my * logic , but a logic many eu countries have been following for decades . 
  and , as we can empirically observe , eu is * very much * possible with it in place . 
   & would collapse asp . 
  it will be the end of it a fragile union it would be , if its basic design would lead to such outcome . 
   will not send tanks to poland , nor the ecj ... but if you think that paying fines is just as fine as respecting rules agreed by the whole of the eu obviously the eu/ecj wo n't consider that it is `` just as fine '' ... but on our part , we would be following our international obligations to the letter . 
  and in the case we considered the fines to be too high after all , we have a choice of eighter trying to influence the change in eu law that will please us , leave the eu , or back down . 
   at the worst , u are enforcing every stereotype of ee . 
  if you consider liberty , * pacta sunt servanda * and national sovereignty to be `` ee stereotypes '' ... well , i 'll admit i do n't feel particularly offended by that . 
   but this only reinforces the idea , that eu law supersedes national law & national constitutions it does no such thing . 
  quite the contrary - as i already said , the payments are a part of the international agreement signed by the countries , that has two potential ways of fulfiling : \\ # 1 : agree to pay the fines as decided ecj \\ # 2 : agree to implement the eu legislation . 
  depending on how much you like or dislike the particular legislation , and on how wealthy you feel at the moment , you are free to chose eighter option # 1 or # 2 . 
   which country is paying fines uk , germany , i think france as well - for various more of less minor infringements of eu law . 
  and if the things stay on the current course , poland , czechia and hungary are going to join the club of long-term fines payers for not implementing the forced migration quotas . 
   why is it paying fines if because they signed an international agreement that allowed the ecj to impose fines on them in the case their national legislation happens to be incompatible with the eu one . 
   but it is a doctrine that will fall apart in first serious clash with teh ecj . 
  quite the contrary , it brings us back to my original point - namely , that it depends on how high is the amount of fines the country is willing to pay before one of the three outcomes is achieved : either the questioned eu law is no longer in power , the country leaves the eu , or the country changes its constitution so the questioned eu law is no longer questioned . 
  of course , the country can also keep paying fines indefinitely as well ( and believe me or not , it actually happens quite often ) . 
  i 'm sure you know better than decades of judgements of constitutional courts of around dozen of eu members , maybe send a letter to them notifying them they are wrong as well . 
  anyhow , i was taking about poland in particular , because that 's the doctrine i 'm most familiar with , but as it can be seen in the very wikipedia article you have linked , we are not the only ones with such approach . 
  you can always look at the eu membership in the way you look at a contract with two alternative ways of fulfilling it . 
  the country promises that it will implement the eu law - and , in the case it does not , it alternatively promises to pay a huge fine . 
  that 's how it works in practice , and how many countries actually treat it . 
  there 's no automatic precedence of eu law over the constitution in such case . 
  the only thing ecj can do is to * fine * a country ( and it 's usually a hefty fine ) in the case when the eu law and country 's constitution happen to be incompatible with each other . 
  it can not * force * it to recognize the supremacy of eu law over its constitution . 
  and , as i already mentioned , there are always options 1 ) and 2 ) to remedy the situation . 
  since we joined the eu in 2004 , the polish courts always argumented that polish constitution , as poland 's highest law , takes precedence over both international law and eu law . 
  in the case when the two conflict , poland can take one of the following actions : 1 ) undertake efforts to change the international agreeement/eu law so it will be compatible with our constitution . 
  2 ) leave the international agreement/eu , so there is no longer a conflict . 
  3 ) change the constitution - out of poland 's own will - so the international agreement/eu law will happen to be compatible with it from now on . 
  i presume the doctrine is similar in most of other countries . 
   the eu law takes precedence above national constitutions ... according to eu . 
  most eu countries , including poland , do n't recognize that principle and consider their constitutions to take precedence over the eu laws that 's how it is from a formal point of view , even if in practice they would usually change their constitution to avoid a conflict . 
   why do you need this in constitution ? 
  to make a strong statement that a country does n't want to make its laws more restrictive in that regard . 
  we could have a functioning country without most of the things , does n't mean we have to ban everything that is n't completely neccessary . 
   why on earth do you need this in constitution ? 
  why ? 
  because of the recent attempts by eu to limit gun rights in europe ? 
  better late than never . 
  but i read what he said , and i do n't really disagree with that position . 
  if the federalization attempts will proceed any further , i will want my country to leave the eu as well . 
  signing the lisbon treaty truly was the biggest mistake of the late president kaczy\u0144ski . 
  not really , you can check my post history to see that i have long supported scrapping the eu funds altogether ( and i 'm glad to see the eu 2020 budget being a step in the right direction in that regard ) . 
  this spare change really is n't worth constant whining that comes together with it . 
  you were the one complaining that our countries * dare * to stand up for themselves once in a while instead of obediently following whatever the powers that be decided the current fad of the week is . 
   ah , the v4 mentality never ceases to amaze me . 
  better that than having a submissive let 's - do-everything-our-overlords-tell-us-to-no-questions-asked mentality . 
  even if , that 's not a justification for inventing incidents that did not happen and attempting to spread them in the news . 
  \\  when systemic accusations of incredibly far-fetched alleged `` racist incidents '' without any proof whatsoever is one of the issues in discussion ... how can they be seen as a reliable source . 
   wprost is such a trustable source . 
  uhm ... yes ? 
  it 's quite high on the list of trustable sources in poland . 
  it might not be rzeczpospolita or polityka tier , but it 's definitely way above partisan outlets like gazeta polska or wyborcza . 
   really ? 
  with all the shit our police has pulled in last few weeks this is the part you refuse to believe ? 
  remembering that drama a few months ago about the alleged racist abuse of a student from portugal that was all over the polish media and even made it abroad , and latter turned out to be absolute bullshit , seems like the first thing one should do when hearing this kind of news is to look for red flags . 
   go live in a country where most of the population hate you and want you to disappear , and talk to us about extremism again if going to live in a country `` where most of the population hate you and want you to disappear '' is n't a severe case of masochism , i do n't know what is . 
   ultimately making the young muslim community ripe for radicalization you can count the entire `` young muslim community '' in poland on the fingers of one hand . 
   far more than slightly . 
  well , that depends on how high the fines for opposing the forced migration quotas are going to be . 
   poland growing significantly faster after joining , but it * was n't * growing significantly faster - in fact on average it was n't growing [ * any * faster than it was growing beforehand . 
  ] ( http://galeria.bankier.pl/p/3/2/889554349e568a-640-250-13-0-869-339.png ) that 's exactly the point i am making . 
   if that 's what eastern europeans think , why are they still in the eu then ? 
  because the advantages of being a member of eu so far slightly outweigh disadvantages of eu membership . 
  what you said only proves that eu membership managed * not to fuck up * poland 's already great growth rate , not that poland 's great growth rate is * thanks to * eu membership . 
  there 's a big difference between those two statements , and putting things in proper context is always important . 
   fn , afd fpo ukip etc are far more similar to pis than ** any other ** political party on poland . 
  this sentence alone is enough to highlight your complete lack of knowledge of polish politics on any level besides the most surface one . 
  i know that might come off as a surprise , but there exist more parties in poland than pis and po , even if those two have been the dominant ones for a long time . 
   1939 : 168,524,000  1941 : 196,716,000 yeah , conquering lithuania , latvia , estonia , half of poland , as well as significant chunks of romania and finland really does wonders to your population number . 
  and he said that poland 's economy has been already growing massively during the 10-15 year period after returning to capitalism and prior to joining the eu , which is also a fact . 
   so you want international military bases inside your country , yes , i want our to have allied troops already stationed in our country . 
  we already were left alone by our allies when we needed them once , and i do n't want that situation to repeat . 
   but buying weapons from your neighbouring countries is what , violating your `` independance '' ? 
  where did i say that ? 
  i just disagree that we should be buying weapons from neighbouring countries for the sake of buying weapons from neighbouring countries , which is what is apparently expected from us for some reason . 
  buying american equipment is usually a better deal for our military than buying chinese , french or indian stuff , and as long as it 's the case i hope we keep it that way . 
   they agreed to adopt euro , signed it . 
  so did sweden , and i do n't think they seem to be in any hurry to adopt euro .
