  violation of which law exactly ? 
  it 's not like those refugees applied for asylum in slovakia , and slovakia do n't * have to * take anyone who did n't . 
  in this particular case , they are specifically inviting those they are going to take and are perfectly free to be as arbitrary as they wish in their invitations . 
  how exactly would that be ` creepy ' ? 
  i do n't really follow you here . 
  funnily enough , i thought the exact same thing about you . 
  have fun in that fantasy world of yours though . 
  with current trends , our standard of living can only go down from now on , as europe with its senile and shrinking population will only drop further and further into international irrelevance . 
  all that 's left for us it to hopelessly observe how the rest of the world overtakes us first in population ( already happened ) , then in innovations and economy ( ongoing process ) and ultimately in overall development ( inevitable endgame ) . 
  yes , europe will be really underpopulated when compared to the rest of the world in few decades . 
  it will be a tragedy to our international influence and thus most likely standard of living . 
   impossible then why are you arguing ? 
  it seems that vandalizing trains is not an exclusive quirk of polish football fans after all . 
   population density in europe is higher than any other continent it must be very interesting living in that parallel world of yours , but in this universe we are in , the population density in asia is way higher than in europe . 
  and all that despite half of asia being desert and uninhabitable tundra . 
  but you certainly seem to be uneducated and lack even such basic knowledge , considering the ignorant crap you are spouting in this thread . 
  also , [ since the ancient times population of europe was always on par with population of either india or china . 
  ] ( http://matrix.msu.edu/hst/fisher/hst150/unit1/mod/imgs/chart3.jpg ) nowadays , either of them is twice as numerous as us . 
  we have already did our part with stopping the population explosion , it 's high time the rest of the world also followed . 
  killing ourselves so those irresponsible populations in newly overpopulated areas have it better is not an option , and fortunately people thinking like you are a small minority here . 
  it can decrease in other parts of the world then , we aleady have dropped from 30 % of world population to less than 10 % during the last century and such drastic decline is more than enough . 
   depends on how russia would view that . 
  it 's not of our concern what russia thinks about that . 
  we are an independent country and they have no power here . 
   now is just finding a solution for ukraine impasse . 
  the solution for `` ukraine impasse '' is very easy . 
  russia should simply get the fuck out of ukraine . 
  until then , i hope that their treatment as an international pariah will continue . 
  bases wo n't harm us in any way though , quite the contrary . 
  better safe than sorry . 
   cut every other spending and prepare for the invasion . 
  we are trying to get the us bases here precisely in order to avoid that . 
   having a lot of troops in poland and the baltics would mean a lot more troops , military exercises by russia . 
  that 's still a preferable alternative to not having a lot of troops and still being a target of russian military exercises , the situation we are in now . 
   they can not let that go unnoticed . 
  russia is not a normal country , the only language they understand is a language of power . 
  the most certain way to provoke russia is to show any weakness . 
  sure , we would be in an even better state if russians were n't obsessing themselves with us for the last 400 years . 
   ca n't see merkel accepting the deal without looking weak . 
  order of visits would n't change a thing in that regard . 
  whatever we do , poland has no influence on actions of germany . 
  we can either nod and accept everything obediently like we 've been doing for the last 8 years , or try to highlight the things in german policy we disagree with . 
  the goal of this visit seems to be the latter , as pis is mostly a pro-american faction unlike more pro-german po . 
  i do n't think so , going to berlin first would result in bad pr and accusations of servilism . 
   he went to wrong place if he want 's to achieve what he talks about . 
  he goes to berlin right after the visit to estonia . 
  you are only 20 years late , the last occupiers have already left in 1993 . 
  with the rest of v4 acting like russian cucks right now it will be a rather difficult task though . 
   what do you mean by that ? 
  that they spoke polish . 
  some of them perhaps ruthenian . 
   those are currently richer parts of poland as germany did not neglect this lands as other occupants did . 
  the richest parts of poland are actually those that were in western poland in the interwar period , not the post-german areas received after ww2 . 
  that 's really weird , uncommon and seems like a lot of unneccessary hassle but to each their own . 
   it 's still a lithuanian passport that does n't change the fact that lithuanian passport rules seem really stupid . 
   like i said , if you want to become a lithuanian citizen you should n't have a problem people spelling your name in lithuanian since you will hear it every day spelled like that . 
  that seems to be another interesting quirk of lithuania then . 
  there are many polish citizens with foreign-looking names and noone cares about it . 
  you just tell people how it 's spelled in cases where there are some difficulties . 
   sick insults you guys just really seem to be stuck two centuries ago on this particular issue , that 's all . 
   because perfectly normal names like jon carter would be read in lithuanian and sound like yon tsarter . 
  because lithuanians are apparently unable to recognize foreign names as foreign . 
   so we make it lithuanian and it becomes d\u017eonas karteris and then atleast the pronounciation is similar we do n't have such rules ( though i recall they used to be popular until 19th century , which results in some historical names like krzysztof kolumb or jerzy waszyngton being known in the polonized form ) and yet still manage to recognize the foreign names as foreign . 
  i do n't know how sheltered you would have to be to read a name like `` george bush '' according to the rules of polish ortography . 
   preserve our alphabet you use the latin alphabet , just like us . 
  are you seriously trying to imply that using the letter `` w '' , or `` sz '' letter combination somehow endangers your alphabet ? 
  is your alphabet and language really that weak ? 
   spelling by having names actually spelled in lithuanian how on earth `` spelling names in lithuanian '' causes the perfectly normal `` jan kowalski '' to somehow morph into some `` janas kovalskas '' absurdity ? 
  are you guys seriously somehow `` translating '' names to lithuanian ? 
  like , how does that even work ? 
  at which point the name is butchered enough it can already be considered `` translated to lithuanian '' ? 
  for me , the whole concept just seems so exotic , alien and out of place in a supposedly modern , normal european country . 
  lithuanians in poland are allowed to use * their own names * in a polish passport . 
  we do n't invent some grotesque monstrosities like you lithuanians do , and insist that those are their `` polish names '' and they should be in their official documents instead of their * actual * names . 
   when britain and france do it its ok !, 
  i must have missed the part where britain and france invaded all the neutral countries that were in even vague proximity to them . 
   when hitler 's going around signing neutrality with everyone in europe whilst allying with countries such as bulgaria , finland , and romania that could easily encircle the ussr , you expect the ussr to hold all of them off ? 
  yeah , better invade those neutral countries and treat them during your occupation comparably harsh as germans did . 
  it 's totally a right thing to do because reasons . 
   that 's why it 's convenient for the ussr to buy time and sign a pact with germany buy time from * what * excatly ? 
  it 's not like germans would attack ussr right away , they were not ready for that either and needed additional 2-3 years at the time of signing the pact . 
   not because of some demonizing polish fairy tale stories about `` muh evil commies '' if we both agree that they were in no shape to help , then why you insist that their refusal to sign alliance with ussr mattered in any way ? 
   for their first `` decade '' they were still trying to industrialize and catch up to other nations , their army was even caught unprepared , and their officers had already been purged . 
  yet they still managed to beat nazi germany in 4 years , so i do n't think soviet union was so hopelessly weak as you try to portray it to be . 
   which still does n't justify their hostility when the reds won the civil war . 
  obviously their agenda was anti-communist and both soviet and allied agenda was anti-nazi , how terrible of them !, 
  how exactly anti-communism would be a * bad * thing ? 
   he had his eyes set by the time those countries were already soviet republics . 
  they were already soviet republics in 1919 ? 
  in 1919 there was no such thing as soviet union yet , just a bunch of organized rebels fighting in a civil war with the remains of crumbled empire . 
   please , if you 're going to cry about soviet imperialism do n't act like poland did n't have their own interests to defend , the interests we were defending back then are called `` national preservation '' , i 'm terribly sorry we did such horrible thing . 
   apparently he could see into the future then . 
  you did n't have to be particularly gifted in clairvoyance to predict such outcome . 
  it was rather obvious from the polish perspective , after all soviets already tried it once just a few years earlier . 
   they just started industrializing and such process was going rather fast . 
   after losing to poland of all countries . 
  exactly . 
  we barely won the last time they have invaded us , and they lacked industry and had an ongoing civil war back then . 
  we certainly would n't pull off that feat twice so easily . 
   yeah , and when germany comes knocking on poland 's door it would not have been unlikely for poland to accept a possible neutrality pact out of desperation , putting germans closer to the soviet border .
