   he does not want to have german soldiers in poland for at least seven decades well , not wanting german soldiers in poland is a rather popular sentiment , not really limited to kaczynski 's supporters . 
   so from the perspective of pis everything is perfect in that regard . 
  not really , as germany 's action in this particular case is to block * nato bases * in poland , which they constantly keep doing ever since we joined nato in 1999 . 
  would it be blocking * sending german soldiers to poland * - which , by the way , we never asked them to in the first place - everything would be perfect indeed . 
   is going to be of any higher importance to the us under those circumstances ? 
  of course not , as the only circumstances that matter here is the way the us government * perceives * russia - if it 's as an `` enemy '' , which is a sentiment shared by a significant part of republicans , it automatically makes this region `` of high importance to the us '' . 
  in any other case , our region will be indeed neglected just like it was for the last 8 years , as us do n't have much business over here otherwise . 
  in either case , us do n't really give a crap about whatever internal matters would be happening in our country - us seeing russia as an important enemy = us bases in poland , us not seeing russia as an important enemy = no us bases in poland . 
  that 's the only variable that really matters here . 
  [ with more than you 'd expect . 
   poland isnt as significant for us interests well , that depends on what us considers their interests at the moment . 
  and it varies depending on whether republicans or democrats are the ones in charge , with the former considering poland much more vital than the latter . 
   they can play that card on us if they want . 
  `` if '' being a keyword here . 
  considering the various countries that happen to be american allies throughout the world , `` democracy and laws '' do n't appear to be significant factors in that regard . 
   he realized his mistake soon enough though . 
  `` soon enough '' in this case being six years , and two separate russian invasions of sovereign states in europe later . 
  hooray for obama !, 
   but now that pis officials are openly insulting obama for being black we went back to square 0 . 
  the same obama who was [ * openly accusing * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rd-v24pag7s ) poland of collaboration with nazi germany during ww2 ? 
  see , i can do some overstatements and blowing-out-of-proportion leaps just like you . 
  whatever minor incident you were referring to in a distorted way , it had exactly zero influence on us decision , as them saying `` no '' to bases in poland was a foregone conclusion - and will be at least until the next us elections . 
  russia 's total gdp is less than 4 times the size of the polish one . 
  it 's a significant distance , but the disproportion betwen poland and russia is smaller than between russia and usa . 
   congratulations , pis supporters . 
  til the obama administration was elected by pis supporters back in 2008 . 
  because that 's the point of divergence from which the us stopped treating us like their important allies ( * cough * cancellation of missile shield project * cough * ) . 
  as for germany , they were never helpful to us in that regard to begin with , no matter how many * `` blowjobs '' * they were given by po administration in the past . 
  not like we expected any different from them . 
   and many that did convert were destroyed , too . 
  and many did n't , notably us . 
  as the saying goes , you miss 100 % of the shots you do n't take . 
   your point ? 
  well , i am seriously starting to wonder what your point is indeed . 
   no way of knowing , really . 
  considering that * every single case * of an european tribe/nation never converting to christianity ended up with that tribe/nation being completely destroyed , we have a pretty good way of knowing , actually . 
  you were the one asking whether the sole reason why poles did n't end up extinct like polabian slavs was `` a good thing '' , not me . 
  well , considering that all your posts itt are pretty much the embodiment of the stereotypical / r/atheism fedora-tipping user , i just could n't help myself . 
  i honestly thought no one writes like this unironically anymore . 
  `` rather wish all the various middle eastern religions stayed where they started . '', 
  2010 called , they want * their * meme back . 
  from my observations , the sole identity of / r/polska consists of holding the exact opposite opinion to the one prevalent on wykop.pl . 
   is this a good thing ? 
  pretty much . 
  it 's the event that founded and cemented the existence of polish statehood , and bound poland to the western european civilization for the following millennium . 
   rather wish all the various middle eastern religions stayed where they started . 
  be careful not to cut yourself on that edgy fedora , kind sir . 
   the link says 254,000 at height of its power . 
  we fielded around 1,000,000 soldiers in september 1939 alone . 
  many of them continued fighting afterwards . 
  254,000 is the number of polish troops that fought together with western allies on western fronts ( norway , north africa , italy , overlord , market garden , etc. ) . 
  on top of that , there were around 400,000 partisan troops ( mainly from [ armia krajowa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/home_army ) ) resistance fighting in occupied poland , as well as another 200,000 polish troops fighting together with ussr on the eastern front later on . 
   i think that most of the confusion here stems from poor wording . 
  not really , as the wording is actually completely clear in polish , considering that we have this thing called declination . 
  the thing is , a sentence such as `` the scholar is claiming that the polish people killed more jewish people than they killed german people during the war . '', 
  is such an outrageous claim , one should back it with credible sources . 
  well , belgium is around 100 times richer per capita than congo , and an average polish province being 3 times poorer than belgium is pretty much the result one would expect . 
   it 's certainly not a step in the right direction ? 
  well , in my opinion it 's not a step in either direction . 
  the legal framework was simply changed to better reflect the existing practice , and the theatrics were removed . 
  the step in the right direction would be privatizing tvp , but i doubt it will happen before television becomes completely meaningless . 
   a source for the information you are giving of course . 
  again , could you point out what exactly do you want to have `` sourced '' ? 
  i have already outlined to you how the government control of tvp looked like before recent changes , do you want me to link to the original text of bills regulating government control of media throughout years , or something ? 
   i find plenty of articles stating that this is a significant change in terms of increased government control , i lately find all kinds of ridiculous articles regarding poland as well . 
   this is a purely technical change . 
  this * is * a purely technical change , and it makes the taking-over process ( that usually takes each government a few months to a year ) completely automatic . 
   what is the purpose of this change if not to bring tvp under stricter government control ? 
  the purpose of the change was to bring tvp under government 's control half a year earlier than it would be , were all the 5 guys in the media-controlling board , still loyal to the former government , had to be replaced one by one in a regular way . 
  well , i agree that countries like serbia , lithuania , or slovenia - which also have a similar gdp to ma\u0142opolskie - would be more intuitive . 
   that ma\u0142opolskie is at the same level as the congo ... congo has around 30 times bigger population than ma\u0142opolskie , and i can imagine ma\u0142opolskie being 30 times richer per capita than congo though . 
   yes , but i 'm mostly referring to tvp moving from being independent to being government controlled . 
  also not convinced they will stop there . 
  mind sharing when did such move happen ? 
  because during its entire existence , tvp was * always * government-controlled in one way or another , and * never * was independent . 
   sources please , from what i read the change is pretty significant and unlike previous elections . 
  sources for what exactly ? 
  anyhow , the * process * of chosing the tvp chairman was indeed changed , as until now our parliament and the president of poland were chosing a board of 5 guys of their liking , who then proceeded to chose the chairman of tvp , and now the middle man was removed and the chairman is chosen directly by the government ( this method is for example used in spain , and i am yet to hear `` concerns '' about freedom of speech in spain because of that ) . 
  the process through which it happens might have changed , but the essence - that the ruling party controls tvp - remains the same as it always was . 
  let 's check : before the elections , the tvp broadcaster was a propaganda tube for the old po government . 
  after the elections , the tvp broadcaster was turned into the propaganda tube for new pis government . 
  indeed , the difference is staggering . 
  taking over tvp by the currently ruling government is business as usual in poland , things like that were consistently happening every election cycle since tvp 's inception in 1939/re-establishment in 1952 . 
   it seems pretty obvious that pis is circumventing the polish constitution and also attacking the freedom of press in poland among other things . 
  nobody is attacking the freedom of press in poland , as absolutely nothing changed in regards to operation of private newspapers , radio or tv stations in our country recently . 
   this is not an election . 
  majority simply means `` the greatest number '' . 
  i always was under impression that majority means `` more than half '' , but apparently i was in the wrong until now . 
   is it not the job of said tribunal to decide whether or not newly passed laws are constitutional ? 
  not exactly , as * unless * the tribunal rules otherwise , all laws passed by parliament and signed by president are legally valid * until the moment the verdict stating otherwise is issued * . 
  which means that in this particular case , the process of issuing the contested verdict was n't done in accordance with the legally valid at the time statute . 
  and the constitution states clearly that `` the organization of the constitutional tribunal , as well as the mode of proceedings before it , shall be specified by statute . '' . 
  not foolproof ? 
  indeed , but that 's only one of the numerous holes in 1997 constitution which are being highlighted by pis actions right now . 
   you did , but / u/studentofmrkleks [ -3 ] made no such claim . 
  they simply stated numbers . 
  op , as in the top-level comment of / u/hematophagian . 
  most importantly , this bit : * is n't that exactly what is happening ? 
  and ** is n't it like most of poland agrees ? 
  **  while it is not most poles , it is still the majority it 's plurality , not the majority .
