  the lng ports network and poland-norway pipeline are actually quite expensive endeavors . 
  seems so , your narrative got utterly destroyed here . 
  what i hear is reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . 
   you said no to the alternative route through poland that would make us an accomplice in strengthening russian influence in europe . 
   please if you do n't understand what you are posting just leave it . . how embarrassing . 
  it 's interesting how aptly this sentence describes your posts in this thread . 
   yeah sure , what ever suites your narrative i think the next time you try to push your narrative , you should at least try to back it with something that actually supports it . 
  [ data clearly shows that poland is among the least dependent on eu funds countries in the region . 
  our future gas supply was already endangered by germany . 
  well , the good thing that resulted from that is that germany showed its true colors after pretending to be friendly throughout the 90s , and at least we now know that our western neighbor is exactly the kind of a country to stab us in the back . 
  anyhow , we are taking precautions with an end goal being not having to buy even an ounce of gas from russia . 
  we have already developed a significant part of our network of lng ports , and hopefully the next project underway will be the gaspipe deal with norway . 
  i 'm not talking about poland in particular here - whatever happens * we * will manage as our local production easily covers 50 % of our demand , and we can import the rest through our lng seaports . 
  and the impact on the region would remain just as overwhelmingly negative if we joined this disgraceful scheme , which i 'm glad we did n't . 
   ukraine was equally shady at this time , seems that i must have missed that one time when ukraine invaded moldova , and then several years later staged a rebellion in belarus while annexing parts of their territory . 
   why would anyone even think about germany is in charge of your defense ? 
  that surely sounds like a dreadful vision . 
  luckily for us , it 's not the case . 
  unfortunately for us though , germany is a powerful economy , powerful enough to be considered locally `` in charge '' as the economic decisions they make have a huge potential impact on many other european countries . 
  in this particular case , this impact is overwhelmingly negative . 
  it distinctly lacks kilometers of wastelands between each of the buildings to be `` soviet era like '' . 
  in fact , such high density city with mostly wall to wall buildings is like the exact opposite of the soviet method of urban planning . 
   and meanwhile ignoring that ukraine stole gas from germany for years and was shutting down the pipelines many times . 
  and meanwhile ignoring that russia is a shady country that is focused on destabilizing its neighbours , invaded two different sovereign countries in europe within the last decade , and constantly uses their position as a resource provider as a blackmail tool . 
   we had any right to search another way , after they did not stop to steal our gas . 
  and we have a right to treat you as hostile backstabbers . 
  thank god the us and nato exist , because if germany were the ones in charge of european defense , russia would steamroll europe long ago , with germany clapping along the line . 
   poland also had the choice to host a gas pipeline going around ukraine but denied it multiple times . 
  and rightfully so , as poland decided that it does not want to take part in the german `` let 's provide russia even more tools to screw over ukraine ( and the rest of the region ) freely '' project . 
  so we are getting two times as much money as greece , while having almost 4 times their population ? 
  was it your intention to show that there are many other countries benefiting way more from eu than poland does ? 
  because as of late , that 's the only thing there is a nonzero probality of sanctions for . 
  [ any potential sanctions wo n't change poland 's mind in regards to forced migration quotas . 
  ] ( http://www.thenews.pl/1/10/artykul/307297,forced-relocation-of-refugees-worse-than-eu-penalties-minister ), 
  sorry to disappoint you , but the left-wing economic policies of pis are pretty much as far from my vision of poland as one can get . 
  the only time i have ever voted for pis was in the 2nd round of the presidential elections in 2015 , and that was only because i have sworn to myself i 'm never going to support po again . 
   so you wo n't mind we 'll just give eu funds to eurozone countries . 
  i actually do n't mind . 
  the spare change those funds are is not worth suffering all this constant bitching on the internet , and anyhow it was known for over a decade that the 2020 budget will be considerably less generous than the two previous budgets , so those were going to be last few years anyway . 
  abolishing the eu funds altogether would make me even happier than giving them to ez countries though . 
   tell me when poland will join the eurozone . 
  right after sweden does . 
  but greece * does * receive almost twice as much money as poland per capita . 
  in my opinion it looks like it originally was supposed to be simply a * bigger * version of [ st. peter 's basilica in vatican ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/12/view_of_saint_peter_basilica_from_a_roof.jpg ) , but during the design phase it was decided that it needs to be even more over the top , so a 141,5 m high bell tower was added . 
  well , there 's nothing of significance in former east prussia besides some lakes and forests anyway , and the region is below polish average in terms of wealth and development , so i would n't be so sure that germany would get a better end of the deal in such case . 
   not my opinion though . 
  yeah , the potential war reparations germany would owe to poland are estimated at [ $ 525 billion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reparations_for_world_war_ii#poland ) , not merely $ 100 billion, 
   you could also kick the us out of nato and create a second chamber that 's elected through popular vote . 
  i do n't think i have read something more stupid this week . 
  the entire fucking point of nato is that us is there . 
   russia is n't your direct neighbour though . 
  i do n't know when was the last time you have seen a map of europe , but [ i have some news for you . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a3/kaliningrad_oblast_within_europe.svg/1280px-kaliningrad_oblast_within_europe.svg.png ), 
   here it is , blaming us for losing to the germans . 
  no , blaming you for not honouring the alliance promises . 
  the franco-polish alliance clearly stated that france will commence the full scale invasion of germany within 2 weeks of poland being attacked . 
  france had detailed military plans developed for exactly such event , and the polish defensive operations were prepared with the imminent french attack on germany in mind . 
  more so , around 80 % of wehrmacht was concentrated in poland , and the french had like a 4 - 1 advantage over germany on the ( potential ) western front in september 1939 , and that 's while being at least on par technologically with germans ( if not even slightly more advanced ) . 
  multiple french military commanders advised on honouring the alliance pledges , but the french politicians decided that sitting behind their fortifications , and not doing anything will be a superior choice . 
  the entire german invasion of poland was a one big gamble which assumed that france will do nothing and , excluding the purely symbolic war declaration , german assumptions were proven right in this case . 
  well , the last time we needed help from our allies , they [ failed miserably . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war ) not a surprise we want to keep them close this time . 
  maybe european factories should start producing better planes then . 
  we have one like that as well , [ the difference being that ours is n't just a render , but was actually built in late 90s - early 00s . 
  for your reply to my comment was this kind of incoherent rambling that drunk people tend to post . 
  are you drunk ? 
   why is stuff in western hands , while it was in local hands before privatization ? 
  because the western european companies could easily afford buying out any local company that became even slightly competitive . 
  i do n't get why press so hard for further continuation of the forced relocation programme either , if it clearly is as useless as you just pointed out . 
   thank you for the link , in polish i mean , in which language did you expect a polish government website to be ? 
  korean ? 
   most of easter lands were ukrainean and belarusian , maybe by area . 
  as far as population goes , there were over 6 million poles living there , and poles were the single most numerous nationality on areas of poland annexed by ussr . 
   so idk what pre-war borders do you dream . 
  you were the one who brought up pre-war german borders for some reason . 
   if poland 's borders would have been drawn by ethnic boundaries oh , i wish poland 's eastern border * was * actually drawn along the ethnic lines after the ww2 - it would look [ approximately like this in such case . 
  ] ( https://s24.postimg.org/7sfg9ef9f/polacy_na_kresach.png ) alas , that 's not what happened , instead stalin drew trianon-like borders , and deported the polish population to the ruined post-german lands in the west . 
   poland would have been half the size it was pre-war . 
  we were 1/3 smaller after the war either way . 
   the teritory you show is majority romanian , nowadays it is . 
  in 1920s on the other hand , it was pretty much 50 % romanian - 50 % hungarian , and i already pointed out that hungary should retain even less of the majority-romanian parts than depicted on this map . 
   so for 10000 million times , any teritory with a big chunk of minorities given to hungary was more than unfair sure , sure , as if romanians were n't utter cunts to local hungarians after they were given territories including multiple hungarian majority areas , where almost 2 million hungarians lived . 
  guess you guys decided it was your turn now . 
   nothing stops you to return those teritories to germany if the polish nation is soo kind . 
  well , if the packet included magically undoing all the ethnic cleansings and mass deportations soviets did , germany finally paying poland $ 545 billion of war reparations for damages inflicted during ww2 , as well as lithuania , belarus and ukraine agreeing to return to pre-1939 borders , then poland would probably put such proposal into consideration . 
   more correct than the hungarians always lived there , considering that back in 945 , which would be 1000 years earlier , the easternmost range of germanic settlement ended around the river elbe , your claim was pretty much as far from being correct as you can get . 
  entire slovakia inbetween would make it rather impractical . 
   like the poles did like soviets did . 
  * poles at the time would have prefered to keep the major centers of polish culture wilno and lw\u00f3w were , instead of getting ruins of stettin and breslau and having to settle them with millions of poles deported from areas of poland annexed by soviet union . 
   lands the germans lived for over 1000 years the rest of your post is also incorrect , as in literally no part of post-1945 poland did germans live for `` 1000 years '' . 
  the number would be around 600-700 years in case of west pomerania and east prussia , around 400-500 years in case of lower silesia , and around 150-200 years in case of upper silesia . 
   there was no way to draw the borders fairly so szeklerland could be included in hungary . 
  oh , there was a way that perhaps was n't completely * fair * ( that was indeed impossible ) , but it certainly was n't any more unfair to romanians , than trianon borders were to hungarians . 
  [ in principle it would look similar to this , but with lesser proportion of maramures and crisana ending up in hungary . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c5/hungary_1941_ethnic.svg/2000px-hungary_1941_ethnic.svg.png ), 
  anyhow , my point was that the wilson doctrine justifies the 1920 borders just as well as it does the 1940 ones - in both cases , there end up being several hundred thousand to a million foreign nationals in the middle of the country . 
  and if the latter was the version of borders that lasted to the modern day , it would be the vision of szeklerland as a part of romania that would be looked upon as an imperialist `` greater romania '' fantasion nowadays . 
  poles had their fair share of suffering [ unfair and overly excessive territorial losses in 20th century on bullshit excuses as well , ] ( https://s3.postimg.org/j5gzlscdv/polacy_kresy_d.png ) so we probably can find it easier to empathize with hungarian perspective on that issue . 
  hungarian-speaking territories near the border in slovakia and romania are right next to the rest of hungary , which is 95 % hungarian . 
  the kind of justification you are giving here clearly was n't a concern back when the new borders were drawn in 1920 , and thus it was n't a concern in 1940 version of borders either .
