  i 'm quite sure you explicitly * did * actually :  it is inaccurate because all opposition parties protest . 
   dude , you are missing the point . 
  i would say it 's you who are missing the point by saying that some irrelevant extra-parliamentary party also attended , but whatever . 
   then just say that you do not like kod because of your antipathy to some of the people protesting there . 
  that 's precisely what i 'm saying from the very beginning . 
  i dislike groups that hopped on kod bandwagon , thus i dislike kod . 
   but organizers have clear agenda and removing pis from power is not one of them . 
  ... officially . 
  i already heard calls for snap elections from prominent kod supporters . 
   no it is not a fact . 
  it is your personal judgement backed by no evidences . 
  opposite claim is also * your * personal judgement backed by no evidence . 
   if you voted for kukiz or korwin , you count as poputchik . 
  `` if you are not with us , you are against us '' . 
  quite bolshevik of you , do n't you think ? 
   participating groups gathered ( in total ) 45 % of votes - more than pis . 
  and by the most elementary math we can clearly see that * non-participating * groups gathered in total 55 % of votes - more than kod-participants . 
  i 'm among those 55 % . 
   that does n't mean they 're power in kod . 
  they also , by complete accident , happen to be immensely promoted by the exact same environments and part of media that were engaged in promotion of po for the last decade . 
  call me overly suspicious , but i 'm not buying that . 
   so when was the other time that president decided that he can overwrite rulings of the constitutional tribunal ? 
  president has taken oath from the new judges * before * any ruling of constitutional tribunal was published , and after he already did so he was unable to implement rulings of the constitutional tribunal , as the constitution clearly states that the `` tribunal shall be composed of 15 judges '' . 
  in this particular case the * letter * of the constitution was not broken , even if the spirit was . 
  such situation simply was n't foreseen by the legal system . 
  that 's how legal loopholes work though , and the 1997 constitution is full of them . 
   are you going to explain all future protests with that excuse too ? 
  if they are going to be organized by the same environment they are right now , i indeed will . 
  there are * some * actions of the new government i dislike enough that i could be bothered to protest them but , alas , all the protests so far were hijacked by kod . 
   it is inaccurate because all opposition parties protest . 
  yeah , one could almost say we have a front of national unity here , do n't we ? 
  actually , that 's not true . 
  there are many opposition parties , including the particular one i happen to somewhat support , that * do not * protest . 
   barbara nowacka from sld was there marching not exactly encouraging either , if there 's anything in our politics i dislike even more than po , it 's those remnants of soviet occupation which should have been delegalized 27 years ago just like nsdap was . 
   not a single one to my knowledge was about removing pis or about being anti pis . 
  the footage from the demonstrations that i have seen would suggest that it 's exactly the goal at least a significant part of demonstrators holds . 
   so really , saying that tens of thousands of people just can not accept the fact that pis won is just rude . 
  it 's not rude , it a fact . 
  most of those people would protest under whatever pretext anyway , simply because they do n't like pis . 
  pis knows that , and is doing what it 's doing right now because what 's going to happen , their opponents will protest ? 
  wyborcza will write mean things ? 
  that was going to happen anyway , so there 's no need to care about maintaining cardboard fa\u00e7ade well enough . 
   you voted for pis and you hate po with passion so you might as well be one . 
  the only time i voted for pis was for andrzej duda in 2nd round of presidential elections , where i had no other choice . 
  i hate po with passion indeed , but that 's only because i used to support them when i was young and na\u00efve , and their actions completely betrayed my trust . 
   interesting . 
  did you have a chance of participate in any of said demonstrations ? 
  i had a chance of seeing prominent po politicians associated with those demonstrations . 
  after that , nothing would convince me to ever legitimize them with my presence . 
  it 's especially hurtful on a rare case when the topic of demonstrations actually * do * aligns with my views . 
  so it goes . 
   in merely 90 days they tried to ( i dare to say \u201a managed to ' ) dismantle all the checks and balances we had in our fragile , young democracy . 
  well , if they managed to be `` dismantled '' so easily , they were n't really `` checks and balances '' now , were they ? 
  someone willing to point out that the emperor has no clothes was only a matter of time . 
   all the narrative which took place in the public media after the new/national media law was adopted is also disgusting and scary . 
  as opposed to the totally-not-disgusting narrative in anti-pis aligned media ( which i 'm an avid reader of by the way ) . 
  the hysteria started way before the new government did anything even remotely controversial , and considering that i 'm not really * surprised * pis is doing what 's it 's doing right now . 
  i mean , if they are going to be branded evil incarnate either way , there 's no need to * care * about appearances in taking over the state institutions for themselves like in case of their predecessors . 
  and yes , they do n't seem to care about * appearances * , and their pace is outstanding , but other than that their actions are nothing unusual as far as the last 27 years in our country go . 
   so what is your beef with kod ? 
  the fact that it 's a swan song of supporters of former ruling party , who refuse to accept the fact that they somehow managed to lose the power . 
  all that in atmosphere of cringeworthy melodrama . 
  i 'm a non-pis supporter , and you wo n't hear anything positive about kod from me . 
  well , it 's the top2-top3 sport in poland after all . 
  bigger than handball , by far . 
  it 's a governmental spot sponsored by the ministry he is a head of , of course he has the authority to cancel it . 
  kld was pretty much proto-po , both being tusk 's parties . 
   remember that any tools which you allow the pis government to have will be inherited by all future opposition governments . 
  i know it very well ( i do n't * support * pis , i simply dislike them less than both the former government and the most vocal part of current opposition ) , and i 'm hoping they 'll eventually sort it out on their own . 
  outside interference certainly wo n't help it though - quite the contrary , it will only strengthen them in current resolve . 
   and have it auto-approved by the constitutional court without so much as a referendum which was possible in earlier system as well , all you had to do was to rule long enough ( ~ 5-6 years ) to secure a majority in constitutional court for judges friendly to your party . 
   the power to use public media to justify it . 
  that one is what should be taken for granted , as state-owned media in poland always equaled pro-government media . 
  which is n't necessarily bad , as on top of that there are multiple private media , each with their own biases as well , and only by comparison one gets a full picture . 
  * knowing for sure * that no media is unbiased certainly encourages critical thinking . 
   but that does n't override the actual complaint about separation of powers and rule of law . 
  considering that eu seems to care about `` separation of powers and rule of law '' only when the government in power in poland happens to be a `` wrong '' one , it gives a rather unpleasant connotations . 
  ussr cared about `` distortions of communism '' only when the government showing them displayed signs of independence as well . 
   the prospect of federalization is already inevitable it makes a lot of difference , as at this point it can still be delayed by a decade , perhaps two or even three ( and the eu might even crumble well enough before it ever happens ) . 
  hopefully uk will stay in eu , so they 'll keep blocking it from going any further for a long time . 
   that is not an argument against enforcing them now . 
  the argument is about clear favoritism and double standards of eu institutions towards * certain * political factions in poland . 
  it certainly contributes to me being swayed from `` we should leave eu once the prospect of full federalization becomes inevitable '' stance towards `` we should leave eu the soonest it 's possible '' lately . 
  we do actually . 
  if i want to watch a pro-pis programme i can now watch tvp , and if i want to watch a pro-po programme , i can watch , let 's say , tvn ( though frankly , i do n't really * want * to watch either , other than for comparison of what each side reports , and what it ignores ) . 
  so , in * big picture * , it 's indeed quite an improvement to * pluralism * when compared to the situation a year ago . 
  considering that tvp * was * pro-po during the po rule , it 's only fair that during pis rule it becomes pro-pis . 
  that 's the way it always used to be . 
   this includes magazines like `` housewife '' , tv magazines , or teenagers press that have nothing to do with news or politics ... and magazines like newsweek , radios like rmf fm and portals like onet or interia . 
  wow , two token right-wingers ( pospieszalski in tv , reszczy\u0144ski in radio ) were mercifully allowed to remain in state-owned media after 2010 , while the rest of them were curbed or left , and the great majority of auditions spouted blatant pro-po propaganda . 
  incredible pluralism !, 
   well , that is why they joined the eu and accepted eu standards that make such behaviour unacceptable . 
  i would be truly amazed if that was the case , considering that the eu did n't seem to care about it in the slightest during the last 11 years throughout which poland was an eu member * and * the mentioned state-owned media control system was in place . 
   placing media under single party 's control not a novelty in poland , in earlier system whoever had a parliamentary majority and president controlled the media completely as well . 
   short , pe was smart about scheduling the debate the way they did . 
  yeah , if their plan was to show ep as utterly incompetent and uninformed , i 'd say it worked perfectly . 
   1141.5 per hour that 's like three large boats . 
   can you elaborate ? 
  nobody likes post-commies . 
  his technical government was supported by post-commies after the last post-commie government collapsed in 2004 .
