   what you achieved under socialism ( or at least what most countries achieved without debts ) you achieved on your own . 
  that was actually one of the problems with socialist economy . 
  we had to achieve everything on our own instead of with cooperation with the rest of europe . 
  and we were forced into many unfavorable trade deals with soviet union . 
   today it seems the most succesful ex-socialist states have a little marshall plan going on . 
  50 years too late . 
   not just that , the west bailed you out for half you debts i believe . 
  in a way , poland and the baltics are a poster child . 
  other states are not so lucky and continue the struggle . 
  good of the west to do so then . 
  maybe they still feel responsible for their betrayal in 1945 . 
   and do n't compare the socialist government with quisling or petain . 
  alright , socialist government was even worse . 
  petain had at least some appearances of legitimacy , polish socialist government has came to poland from moscow in a train defended by soviet bayonets while the real government of poland was on exile in london . 
  where it had to stay for another 45 years . 
   europe was divided like a cake and just like our governments your government did what it was supposed to do . 
  * you simply did n't end up so lucky . 
  * that nicely summarise the mood of collective depression present here for the last 70 years . 
   of course , i hear you say , we had democracies . 
  and that 's true . 
  but we already had them before the war while most of you had fascist autocracies and poland had some kind of autocratic thing going on that looked a bit like a demoracy but really was n't . 
  after the war countries like spain and portugal continued to be lead by autocrats and in greece the west supported reactionary pseudo fascist in the civil war . 
  western european autocracies , while no democracies , were quite nice compared to living in a stalinist regime . 
  they were also ousted like 15 years before ours . 
   while stalin largely left the republican fighters to die . 
  because `` that was the deal '' . 
  stalin supporting the `` republican fighters '' ? 
  then that countries indeed got lucky that he stopped supporting them , because they would be changed into another copies of soviet union 's regime had they prevailed . 
   i would really like you to imagine the perspective of the polish population in 1946 . 
  voted immensely in 1947 for a heavy suppressed ( with hundreds murdered pre-elections ) kinda-pro-western psl in elections . 
  elections were then falsified by communists who were in control since 1944 thanks to the red army stationing in poland . 
   if true independence was n't an option , and the future uncertain , could you honestly say they should have put their trust in the west ? 
  probably not after 1939 . 
  all the trust we had in the east was lost about three centuries earlier though , so west still seemed like a better option . 
   both sides were morally tainted in their own way . 
  and yet the prevailing sentiment in poland during the soviet occupation was that we ended up on the wrong side of the iron courtain . 
  barely anyone really took the socialist ideology seriously - it was something you were making fun of privately . 
  ussr was despised and usa idolised . 
   that 's true , but how could one possibly say that becoming indebted to western banks and international finance capital is a socialist measure as that was the only possible way for our quisling-like government to finance and sustain the socialist economy ( and russian occupation of poland ) it seems to me to be quite in the spirit of socialist measures . 
  socialist economy can not work without constant outside source of wealth , be it extensive exploitation of natural resources or enormous foreign loans . 
   and is n't poland now by far the biggest consumer of eu funds ? 
  in present day : nominally we are . 
  per capita - not at all . 
  baltic states , hungary and even greece and portugal all get more than us . 
  we are more populous than all the other 9 countries that have joined the eu in 2004 combined . 
  it would be weird if we were n't the biggest consumer of eu funds . 
  and counting combined since the eu funds were introduced , spain was given much more money than poland , and i would n't be surprised if it was true for portugal and greece too . 
   your country had completely different borders back then , it 's seems a bit of a pointless comparison . 
  yeah , the poor and underdeveloped kresy were switched for eastern germany . 
  if we managed that level of wealth with the pre-war borders , that only further proves my point . 
   which is actually the same level of growth under socialism ** if it was n't for the crisis ** of the eighties . 
  if it was n't for the crisis is a keyword here . 
  the crisis was a natural consequence of socialist `` economy '' . 
  earlier `` growth '' was mostly artifical and was financed from tremendous loans which could n't possibly be paid back . 
  when the west stopped lending money the inevitable collapse happened , and we had a chance to experience how the real socialism without free foregin money works , a decade of hunger , poverty and lack of basic consumer goods . 
  wonders of socialist economy indeed . 
  ca n't even imagine how far could we be today had we a normal capitalist economic system for that 40 years . 
   your pre socialist level of wealth was about 7 times smaller as your wealth today . 
  * relative * level of wealth . 
  you know , gdp per capita higher than spain , overall gdp almost twice the size of the dutch one . 
  still a long way to go . 
  your graph ends in 2002 . 
  our overall gdp * today * is about 6 - 8 times what it was in 1989 ( some of this growth is just inflation , surely ) . 
  and as a bonus we do n't have to endure living in socialism anymore . 
  20 more years and maybe we will even reach our pre-socialism relative level of wealth in europe . 
  during the 25 years of capitalism so far we have experienced one of the highest levels of constant economical growth in the history of mankind : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/gdp_growth_per_capita_ ( annualized ) . png it 's just that after the 40 years of socialist ineptness and soviet occupation we were almost subsaharan africa level poor . 
  now we are close to the poorest western european countries . 
  if that 's not an improvement , i do n't know what is . 
  it was similar , but not exactly the same . 
  communism really was a great blow to our economies and while we are catching up quite fast , it will still take decades to close the gap caused by it . 
  [ for example , right before the ww2 poland had higher gdp per capita than spain or portugal and was quite close to italy - even though we were one of the most severely striken by the great crisis countries in europe . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d3ficwj.png ) ^ [ ( source ) ] ( http://books.google.com/books?id=xhrakdnpo3ic&amp;lpg=pa17&amp;ots=p0pzmp4hlg&amp;d&amp;pg=pa17#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false ), 
  half of finland buys their booze in estonia . 
   the denominations `` central europe '' and `` eastern europe '' are generally accepted to be cultural and historical boundaries ... and we ( along with czechs and hungarians ) have always belonged to the historical area of `` central europe '' - even if we were the most `` eastern '' member of it . 
  it 's was the cold war and soviet occupation which moved us to the `` eastern europe '' in common conscience . 
  that 's why describing poland this way pisses us so much , the `` distancing from belarus/russia/ukraine '' factor also plays a role but it 's not a primary motivation . 
   it is still very much a slavic nation the fact that you somehow connect speaking a slavic language with being `` eastern european '' shows best how harmful was the fact that there was no slavic speaking nation spared from being ruled by a communist regime . 
  finland has managed to avoid soviet occupation after the ww2 , so finno-ugric languages are not perceived the same way the slavic ones are . 
   it 's also a way for poland to try and align itself with more western ideals than eastern ones in way to gain favour in the west . 
  it 's a way for poland to try and align itself with more western ideals than eastern ones because that 's what we 've been doing for the last 1100 years . 
  lithuanian is indo-european ... 
  probably because we are not in eastern europe anymore than sweden , austria or southern italy . 
  neither of the three ever called that way . 
   a decade ago it was ski jumping we still watch ski jumping . 
  it 's the second most popular sport in poland after football . 
  though it might drop to the third place now . 
  oh , it 's this shitty map again . 
  on one hand it completely ignores numerous still existing pockets of polish language in lithuania and belarus , and on the other hand it marks entire eastern border region of poland as belarusian/ukrainian even though about 99.8 % of population in that area speaks polish ( [ not counting the hajn\u00f3wka county , which indeed has quite sizeable belarusian minority , but is marked as `` tatar '' for mysterious reasons ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hajn%c3%b3wka_county ) ) . 
  also , i have seen this map multiple times and i still do n't recognize which language could possibly be that small brown pocket in silesia . 
  and those are just the errors regarding the polish language . 
   why is being eastern-european considered bad ? 
  being called `` eastern-european '' when in fact you are not `` eastern-european '' is considered bad . 
  it 's in asia . 
  i did n't suspected anything like that , i 've just noticed that you have divided pomerania a bit differently than how i am used to . 
  the eastern half of pomerania , also called west prussia or pomerelia , is quite densely populated and well-off economically so it does n't really match your description . 
  after a bit of googling i realized that you were using another definition of pomerania , and found it interesting . 
   two dictatorships unite just to wreck poland when the two most powerful dictatorships in the world have to unite just to wreck you , you know you have done something right . 
   lets see how it went in 1939 you seem oddly proud of your alliance with nazi germany . 
   the german industrialization advantage most of the german industrialization advantage was lost due to extensive war damage in 1944/45 . 
  and then russians have stolen most of the little remaining industry .
