  hell , i wish we were . 
  if anything we are not neoliberal enough . 
  all our governments after 1989 were basically economical socialists , just posing as liberals . 
   massively inferior quality of life uhm , that 's what usually happens where you are occupied by hostile power with retarded economical system for half of century . 
  before the war czechia was as rich as austria , poland was as rich as italy . 
  we will eventually return to our ` normal ' level of development , but it takes time . 
   continued poverty problems til there is absolutely no poverty in western europe . 
  well , as you can see in this post the de facto wages in poland are lower today than they were in 2003 . 
  so if we continue at this pace , maybe around the heat death of the universe . 
  you are thinking about median wage which is considerably lower than average one . 
  i always knew politically we are closer to the us than to the western europe . 
  at least on this subreddit , americans seem to think similar to us , weuropeans seem to live in their own world . 
  well , the polish society is socially conservative . 
  social stance of the major parties just reflect society 's views . 
  kind of . 
  civic platform is rather pro-euro , though they wo n't die for it , and law and justice is vehemently against it . 
  and , unless some miracle happens , i 'm pretty sure they will win the next elections . 
  so much economic sense ? 
  not being in the eurozone was the only thing that saved our economy during the crisis . 
   surely it will be in progress by 2020 well , to join the eurozone poland would have to change it 's constitution which requires 2/3 of votes in parliament . 
  i see no such possibility by 2020 . 
  2 4 is kinda acceptable too . 
  it 's the accent or overall sound of it for me . 
  the words are completely different , but intonation really sounds very similar . 
  i think i can hear some subtle differences in accent between these two . 
  though for me both sound like russian , just with completely different words . 
  i mean that it 's just like the greek sounding like spanish , but with different words . 
  poland and the czech rep do n't want to join eurozone though . 
  [ did it out of curiosity . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/du9h44l.png ) turns out either warsaw station 's names are really weird , or i am terrible with translating . 
   if the income is more equal in a group of people , the people become more happy regardless of the relative size of that income . 
  countries in eastern europe constantly occupy the very last places in all happiness rankings , far behind even the third world countries in africa though . 
  there was a thread about poland already ? 
  i must have missed it . 
  edit : found it , it was before this fad really took off . 
  literally thousands . 
  two of them . 
   was considered polish * was * polish . 
  on the contrary , i think i have heard this phrase few times back when i was in a middle school . 
  i do n't like the rainbow either . 
  not because of whatever connotations it might or might not have . 
  i just find it very ugly , kitschy and not fitting that place . 
  i think it should be dismounted , and moved to some modern art gallery or whatever . 
  that does n't mean it should be regullary burned though . 
  just divide by 4 . 
  about 2 to 3.5 k eur . 
  you ca n't believe that serious anti-communism is still a thing in the modern world ? 
  why ? 
  will we also get a comment from you other than this constant bitching about whatever topic about poland is currently discussed ? 
  i see that you are consistent and determined , but i do n't understand what your cause is . 
  seconded . 
   yes , it 's really important to assert your europeonness when you 're cleaning toilets at mcd 's in london . 
  well , on the other hand you are unable to even clean toilets in london . 
  i doubt it pays better in moscow . 
  dude , i lately noticed you to have strong ( though usualy completely inapt , this particular post is one of the very first where you actually have a point ) anti-polish agenda . 
  that 's literally almost all you post in reddit . 
  i just really wonder why . 
  no , it was full of nato soldiers . 
  that 's why the west recognized it . 
  for me kosovo is ( or , as i was always opposed to this serbian territorial integrity violation and took part in numerous demonstrations against polish recognition of it , rather is n't ) exactly as legitimate as transnistria , abkhasia or , since now , crimea . 
  supporting independent kosovo and crimea as a part of ukraine at the same time , which most of people here seem to embrace , is a real festival of hypocrisy . 
  edit : spelling, 
  pi\u0142sudski never said `` poland is a wonderful country , but poles are whores '' . 
  he said `` nar\u00f3d wspania\u0142y , tylko ludzie kurwy '' which roughly translates as '' [ polish nation is ] a wonderful nation , but the [ polish ] people are whores '' ( though imo in this context , `` whores '' in english and `` kurwy '' in polish convey entirely different messages and some other invective would be more suitable here ) . 
  and by your usage of this phrase i see you completely misunderstood what he meant by it . 
   poland exerted the same power over russia by taking parts of ukraine in 1920 and ( soviet ) russia exerted the same power over poland in 1939 by grabbing what they assumed `` theirs '' . 
  what 's your point ? 
  ( here i 'm predicting further discussion : `` but it was russian territory before 1917 !, 
  they * totally * had a right to take it . '', 
  `` so , it was polish territory before 1795 . 
  and galicia was * never * even russian before . '', 
  )  poland used to be a hugely ethnically diverse thanks to stalin and hitler we are not anymore . 
  what 's your point again ? 
   silesians uhm , i fully support their desire for autonomy . 
  as i support autonomy for every other region of poland . 
  we need to decentralise because our central government is terribly inefficient . 
  that said , the fact that some of silesians use a bit more germanisms while speaking than masovians , or inhabitants of great poland or little poland does n't make them a different nation suddenly . 
   kaschubians are frowned upon what ? 
  til kashubians are frowned upon . 
  what about lipsk and drezno ? 
  we have polish names for german cities aswell . 
  if it had n't been for half of europe , including swedish and russian empires , invading the commonwealth at the same time which severely weakened it 's defensive capabilities , khmelnytsky uprising would ( or rather would not , as it would be unsuccesful ) be remembered as for what it really was - one of the many unhappy polish noble 's insurrections that pittied the commonwealth throughout the centuries . 
  desite our eastern neighbour 's understandable wishes , it definitely was n't some kind of ukrainian ( no even such thing for at least another 300 years ) national uprising . 
  all that said i fully support ukraine in current conflict . 
   biggest parasite company in poland [ you meant this ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zak%c5%82ad_ubezpiecze%c5%84_spo%c5%82ecznych ) at least catholic church is n't stealing over 1000pln from me every month . 
  do n't worry , i bet you have never heard of reagan , kohl , thatcher or gorbachev either . 
  it 's nothing wrong about being historically illiterate . 
  though i agree with you , mo\u017cd\u017cer is not that well known and i would never put him as one of the three `` known poles '' . 
  and how many leopold statues are there in congo ? 
  not really . 
  maybe `` some western european '' would be closer to truth . 
  in polish team we do it in reverse and import people who have emigrated from poland or their descendants . 
  perquis , obraniak , polanski , boenisch ... sad that koscielny have chosen to play for france , not even mentioning klose or podolski . 
  neither '' \u041e\u0443 '' nor '' \u041e\u043b '' sounds much like \u0105 . 
  '' \u041e\u0443 '' would be `` o\u0142u '' in polish ( i ca n't think of a word where o and u could possibly be right next to each other , the \u0142 just have to be in between ) and '' \u041e\u043b '' would be `` o\u0142 '' . 
  there 's no nasalization there . 
  you would be closer if you 've gone with '' \u043e\u043c '' but it 's still not really it . 
  well , we even stopped participating in eurovision at all like two years ago . 
  no wonder nobody cares .
