  \\  state literally steals hundreds of billions of citizens ' assets from private accounts managed by funds \\  t-t-they are the robber actually , really guys your logic and way of thinking is so alien to me , you could be speaking mandarin well enough and it would result in a similar ammount of understanding . 
   you know that my comment about you being incoherent was a reply to guy who pointed out your incoherence ( but mistakenly called it cherry-picking ) . 
  thus , you were the one accusing me of incoherence . 
   now they are held in safe place they are * not held anywhere * , that 's the fucking problem . 
   this was a scam because you had to give your money to private company . 
  so how was that good ? 
  now i * have to * give my money to the state-owned company that spends it immediately , and in exchange gives me an * empty record * in their pyramid scheme system which is inevitably going to collapse due to demography , and then another billions of our taxes will be drown in increasingly futile attempts in prolonging its agony . 
  and the funniest part is that i could have done it earlier as well , but i deliberately chosen not to - fortunately the almighty and omniscient state decided for me in its great wisdom , and just in case has stolen everything that i managed to save so far as well . 
  saved from one scam at the cost of falling victim of even bigger scam , thanks a lot . 
   also you keep dodging the main argument that no other healthy country has this kind of retarded pension management funds . 
  and you keep dodging the main argument that because other countries have another system , it was perfectly alright to conduct this biggest mass robery in history of poland after 1989 . 
   yes , because you fail to show my incoherences while yours are being pointed out every time you post this bullshit . 
  oh , so that 's how it looks from your perspective . 
  so cute . 
  unfortunately i do n't recall having my incoherences * succesfuly * pointed out by you at any point during my over three year long posting on this subreddit . 
   yup , it was brought back to normal as in every healthy economy yes , calling the fact that billions of actual , real z\u0142otys belonging to citizens on their private accounts managed by retirement funds were literally stolen overnight by the state and replaced with a worthless zus record that may or may not be realized in the future `` bringing back to normal '' , and then accusing me that * my * reasoning is n't coherent . 
  your posts tend to be so ridiculous i usually read them as if they were satirical anyway , but this is the new low . 
   poland shows that you do n't necessarily need high gdp growth to improve the lives of citizens that 's especially funny considering that when taking in account combined gdp per capita growth since 1990 poland is in world 's top5 behind only china , vietnam and outlier equatorial guinea . 
  reality is like the exact opposite of their thesis . 
   too bad in poland neoliberal gdp pursuing narrative is mainstream . 
  fortunately last government was n't stupid enough to follow it blindly . 
  too bad we still do n't have enough neoliberalism , and the ( still ) ruling party elected on neoliberal programme betrayed their votes by rising taxes and nationalizing pension funds instead . 
  that depends on who will win the autumn parliamentary elections . 
   but you would agree that it would be strange if you went to a public facility in moscow , say , a library , and you would be served ( if one can use that word ) by a lithuanian in lithuanian language . 
  if the moscow region was a part of the republic of lithuania until ~ 70 years ago , had an absolute lithuanian majority back then , and right now still had a rather sizeable lithuanian minority ( and majority in rural parts around moscow ) then no , it would n't be so strange . 
   why in the world does poland have so many eurosceptic ( ecr ) seats ? 
  because we basically have a two party system of centre-right liberal-conservative pro eu po vs right-wing national-catholic-populist pis . 
  and considering po is in epp , pis did n't have much choice but to create ecr with tories . 
  they are also mildly eurosceptic ( prefer us to eu ) , so it 's actually quite consistent with their views . 
  the four grey seats are from the conservative-libertarian anti-eu knp party that was too radical to find many allies in europarliament . 
  polish passports also have french on them . 
  before english gained the current prominence , french used to be * the * international language , and this is one of remnants of such situation . 
  this setting would certainly be great for a hypotetical eu vs us proxy war , but russian one ? 
  having to smuggle 100 % of fighters through the borders with zero local support seems like quite a task . 
  yeas , that 's a rather usual pattern , and is consistent since 2005-2007 ( and could be observed even in the 90s , though between different parties back them ) . 
  this time there were some slight shifts in favour of duda ( like higher than usual support in silesia , taking southern and eastern part of mazuria ( prussia ) , or winning in higher ammount of cities than usual ) , but nothing extraoridinary . 
  but that 's exactly what i wrote in my post , is n't it ? 
   we already have a power in the world that projects its military far beyond anything russia is trying to do and one is enough . 
  both maps regarding education are from 2008 . 
  i could n't find anything newer after quick googling . 
  the unemployment one is from 2010 , but it has looked that way since i can remember . 
   but anyway it 's good to see poland b is catching up and those differences are smaller than used to be . 
  that 's an interesting reaction to maps which show `` poland b '' faring better than a significant part of `` poland a '' . 
  belarusian minority - unsurprisingly ethnic minorities rarely vote for pis . 
  on this map you can also see where lithuanian and german ( that 60 % + area in the middle of silesia ) minorities live . 
  bia\u0142ystok is further west , it 's hajn\u00f3wka and bia\u0142owie\u017ca which voted for komorowski and it 's where the belarusian minority and most of orthodox poles live . 
   it also has reflection in education [ percentage of matura exams passed ] ( http://www.wsip.pl/var/corporate_site/storage/images/media/images/00_images_nauczyciel/00_matematyka/matura_2008_mapa/33101-1-pol-pl/matura_2008_mapa.gif ) [ results of gimnazjum exam ] ( http://i51.tinypic.com/25iydtw.jpg )  unemployment [ unemployment in poland ] ( http://www.wiking.edu.pl/upload/geografia/images/polska_bezrobocie2010.jpg ) indeed it does . 
  out of all cities in poland right after the war , wroc\u0142aw was where the highest absolute number of pre-war inhabitants of lw\u00f3w lived ( though they were n't forming even majority of wroc\u0142aw 's inhabitants ) so at least there is * some * truth to it . 
  of course you are right , it * is * a stereotype - wroc\u0142aw is not even close to the level of influence or importance lw\u00f3w had in pre-war poland , and it 's very different in culture or overall feel . 
   123 years , 1795-1918 oh no no , no part of poland that was taken by russia * during the partitions * remains under the control of poland nowadays . 
  entriety of modern poland was under either austrian or prussian control in 1795 . 
  what you can see on this particular map is privislynsky krai ( until 1867 called `` kingdom of poland '' ) which was controlled by russia since 1815 ( and in fact since 1832 , because before that we were supposed to be only in a personal union with russia , though de facto situation was slightly different ) . 
  german army entered this area in 1914 , and after simple subtraction we see that it ended the 99 year-long russian rule of that lands . 
  we moved our great polish city of lw\u00f3w to the ruins of breslau ( renamed wroc\u0142aw ) , and left ukrainians with their lviv ^ ( ( and poverty ) ^ ) . 
   `` historic '' russia yes , russia directly occupied those areas for 99 years and that 's precisely why they dislike russia more . 
  if in case of invasion russia wanted to seek some local support , they would have much easier time in orange areas ( mind that you can clearly see where lithuanian and belarusian minorities live ) , though i would n't expect much success there either . 
  also , the biggest stronghold of the `` blue '' party is austrian partition . 
  well , after all wroc\u0142aw is basically the city lw\u00f3w was moved to after the war . 
   wroc\u0142aw  went it 's legnica-lubin area with copper mines ( and , thanks to that , the highest gdp per capita in poland after warsaw ) , and they 've been consistently voting for pis since at least 2005 . 
  mind that orange = anti-russian stance and blue = ultra anti-russian stance . 
  green means there was exactly as much votes for either candidate . 
  i like how everyone always forgets poor little austria . 
  because this map has a low , voivodship-level resolution . 
  the one divided into counties or communes will be much more interesting , though it will be availible today evening at earliest , after all the votes are counted . 
  i literally looked up those numbers at english wikipedia before posting to check whether my memory was right . 
  it was . 
  also , i 'm quite sure i have already wasted around an hour on writing posts responding to your unintelligent , repetitive , low-level trolling ( are you this mad your candidate lost the elections ? 
  :d ) , and considering that this process bored me immensely i 'd consider any additional moment spent in such way to be a terrible mistake , hence consider this to be my final reply to you . 
  goodnight . 
  those `` parts of germany '' are not even the richest nor the most developed parts of poland . 
   the nationalist/far rightchristian groups are supporting this guy , well , there were only two guys to chose from , and it 's not like they would support the other guy , so i do n't see what 's exactly so unusual about that . 
  of course they did n't become * socialist * - and thank god for that . 
  practice of their governance diverged from their initial programme significantly enough , i no longer consider them a viable party to support though . 
  oh , i know that most of accusations in this particular matter are ( at least partially ) untrue or overblown . 
  that was n't a decisive factor in my choice anyway . 
  if a socialist party after winning the elections suddenly announced they are privatising all the unprofitable enterprises and lowering income taxes , i would also be of an opinion that `` they saw error of their ways '' , but i definitely would n't expect their voters to keep voting for them . 
  i consider casting an invalid ballot a stupid thing to do , and i was completely dissatisfied with komorowski 's presidency . 
  not to even mention komorowski had his fair share of misconducts as well , and there 's also his questionable wsi involvement . 
  i used to support po * because * of their neoliberalism ( not the sole reason , but one of them ) . 
  i know you are a socialist ( or socialdemocrat , i 'm not sure ) so the fact that they threw their whole electoral platform ( heh ) to the garbage bin might satisfy you , but my perspective on that is different . 
  unpopular opinion in here , i know . 
  as most of electoral promises of either candidate were way beyond constitutional powers of the president , i automatically assumed danger of delivering on them is close to zero . 
  maybe finally po will remember why people voted for them in 2007 . 
  glad they finally lost some elections . 
  i used to be a firm po supporter , and voted for duda today . 
  ama . 
   poles who have n't heard the german katyn propaganda viewed the soviets as allies depends which ones , because my ancestors living in territories of poland occupied by ussr certainly did n't . 
  the fact that my greatgrandfather who was a polish officer captured by the red army never returned home , and another part of my family winning a surprise free tour to siberia in a cargo train certainly did n't help either . 
  both of those events happened way before the truth about soviet atrocities in katy\u0144 was unearthed ( and i do n't deny germans used it for propaganda - i bet they themselves were surprised that they found something so convenient ) . 
  perhaps next time try not to murder 22,000 allied ( as in `` allies of ww2 '' ) officers you have taken pow after you invaded their country . 
  poles hated and hate soviet union and nazi germany alike since 1939 , and for a good reason . 
   racial stuff yeah , 3 million of ethnic poles were killed by germans because of racial stuff . 
   , poles were used to being oppressors yeah , we trained being opressors for whole 19th century , we were so used to it . 
   our family friend told us that poles tortured the people in the village , where his grandmother lived in . 
  apparently they also set children on spikes . 
  interestingly enough i recall hearing similar stories about ukrainians doing such things to poles . 
  actually i think i have even seen whole photo albums of it . 
   do n't like is when poles on this subreddit portray it as an one-sided thing . 
  upa murdered 100-200 * thousands * of poles , most of them in an incredibly torturous and barbarous way . 
  poles killed 2-3 thousands of ukrainians , and most of those were in retaliation for ukrainian attacks .
