  the only miracle is that they somehow keep standing there after all those years instead of those eyesores being demolished long ago . 
   you have the audacity to ridicule such achievements ? 
  i had the misfortune to rent an apartment in one of `` such achievements '' for a short time , and it was by far the most badly planned , depressing envinroment i have ever lived in . 
   now is that a problem with the ideology , or the size of the economy , and people 's expectations ? 
  if an ideology clearly inhibits growth of an economy , and makes people 's expectations impossible to achieve , it 's the ideology which is the problem here . 
   again , they likely live ` better ' because the global capitalist economy is several orders of magnitude bigger than the socialist bloc economy ever was . 
  it 's a question of size . 
  so it truly was so simple - the key to good quality of life was to simply get the fuck out of the socialist block . 
   and you ca n't compare socialist poland in the 1980s with capitalist poland in the 2010s . 
  yes , i can , and the latter is better than the former on every possible aspect . 
   if the majority like you stayed , the country 's population is steadily going down . 
  the country 's population is actually steadily remaining at 38 million , as it had for the last several decades . 
   with polish politics reaching new levels of retardation , you will see that trend only increase . 
  the polish politics was always retarded . 
  as is politics in pretty much any other country in the world . 
   how ? 
  show me proof . 
  our depleted uranium mines are enough proof of that . 
   soviet occupation ? 
  you mean socialist unity ? 
  no , i mean soviet occupation . 
  the dark period in polish history . 
  but it also already dropped to 30k in january , and then returned back to 35k by may . 
  seems like a huge seasonal variation , if anything . 
  your tactic seems to be flooding me with such a gargantuan mountain of vile bullshit , i 'll get bored replying to it . 
  i 'll reply only to the first post for now , i 'll adres the other ones later today . 
   well poland was ` occupied ' for 40 years and sad and hopeless 40 years those were . 
  not to mention , many polish people still continued to live in the ussr and many poles still live in russia today . 
  not to mention , many jewish people still continued to live in europe even after holocaust , and many jews still live in europe today . 
   why do you mention the ` genocide , ' but avoid mentioning the polish autonomous districts created especially in the ussr for polish-speaking minorities their inhabitants were murdered durimg the genocide of poles . 
   before that purge ) [ read : not genocide ] ) ? 
  just for your information , calling mass murders on ethnic basis prepared by your idols `` purges '' instead of `` genocide '' does not make them look any less evil . 
   the people in these `` districts were among those which resisted soviet collectivization and atheization . 
  i have a lot of respect for them for that , resisting this crap in such totalitarian dystopia had to take real balls . 
   so instead of coming together , casting aside divisions of ethnic/cultural/sectarian differences , those polish doubled down . 
  a normal reaction to attemts to push such bullshit down your throat . 
  likewise , the soviet occupation of poland proper also only strenghtened our resolve against it . 
   could n't stand not being told by a man in a white robe and funny hat on how the imaginary , magical sky wizard wants them to live their life . 
  well , they had some foreign man in a dirty shirt and funny hat telling them how an imaginary , rigid and unnatural system his friends came up with wants them to live their life . 
  ones tolerance for bullshit is limited , no wonder they resisted . 
   they could n't live on equal terms with each other , and needed private property to hierarchically set each other apart . 
  i start to like those compatriots of mine more and more . 
  after all , how do you really know you did a ` good job ' on something if you 're not enjoying the benefits of status and privilege over those that ` did n't do a good job , ' right ? 
  why would anyone even * bother * doing a `` good job '' , if the difference in your personal outcome between doing an absolutely outstanding job , and kinda meh one is negligent ? 
  that 's one of the fundamental flaws of communism . 
   is it so hard to believe that large segments of the population were either actively working to undermine the soviet government , hard to believe ? 
  we are * proud * that our ancestors actively worked to undermine the soviet government , hopefuly their sacrifice hastened its demise at least by a few years . 
   i mean capitalist poland was restored in 1989 , after the largest rallies the catholic church has ever held in history ( john paul ii 's visit ) - so why is it so hard to believe ? 
  contribution of john paul ii to ending the sick soviet experiment is widely known and recognized ( at least in poland ) . 
  that 's a big part why he is so respected in poland . 
   italy had good realtions with poland before the nazi invasion , and italy was the first state to recognize poland 's independence from russia . 
  we actually got our independence from austria and germany , and only spread our newly recreated state from there into areas of the russian partition as well , but nice try . 
   pi\u0142sudski ruled as ` chief of state ' for years for four years to be precise , between 1918 and 1922 . 
   the only reason pi\u0142sudski left politics in 1922 was because the new polish constitution of 1921 forbid him from waging war - which most people around him at the time knew he would . 
  war with * whom * ? 
   he still refused the title of president for the very same reason . 
  pi\u0142sudski wanted war . 
  why else refuse the presidential position not once , but twice , even though you knew your country was in trouble ? 
  because the title of president , as outlined by 1921 constitution , was a ceremonial spot which held no real power . 
   whatever pi\u0142sudski 's or poland 's interwar beliefs were , they certainly were not in a democratic republic . 
  of course they were n't . 
  they also were n't communism , fasciam or socialism for that matter . 
  alright , that 's it for now . 
  you are a funny guy ( as in : i find the idea of such a walking anachronism as you absolutely hillarious ) , but i have better things to do with my morning than replying to the the three essays worth of most cliche commie propaganda . 
   the ` same reason ? ', 
  and what reason is that ? 
  geographical , political and cultural separation throughout hundreds of years . 
   why do you not think they were n't sincere ? 
  you said that , not me . 
   was there a time limit ? 
  if the promises of the communist ideology had any basis in reality , one would have though 70 years would be more than enough to implement them in a viable way . 
   ussr started with an economy that was n't even industrialized ( read : wheat fields and little to no factories ) well , maybe they should think about it before attempting to implement an ideology that is all about taking over the already existing factories from their owners in a country which `` was n't even industrialised '' . 
   date , the only polish person to go into space has been under the soviet space program . 
  and the only polish space satelites ( which actually are something useful as opposed to several day propaganda trip in a foreign spacecraft ) were produced after communism ended . 
   things were massively different in the beginning yeah , they stagnated and it became apparent this cargo cult of an ideology is not going anywhere . 
   because the western bloc 's economy was still more developed in the 1990s ? 
  `` still '' ? 
  the gap * widened * , and was growing larger and larger . 
  we were on par with spain , greece or portugal in 1950 , and that 's with the immense destruction of ww2 . 
  [ by 1980s , we were already significantly poorer than them . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/91/pkb_per_capita_wg_parytetu_sily_nabywczej_%28w_dolarach_geary-khamis_z_1990_r.%29.jpg/1590px-pkb_per_capita_wg_parytetu_sily_nabywczej_%28w_dolarach_geary-khamis_z_1990_r.%29.jpg ) it took us 25 years of rebuilding after the disaster of communism to even come close to the relative level we were on before it . 
   why not ? 
  because the right to private property is among the most basic human rights . 
   do n't give me that , you know it 's not true . 
  to this day , many places in the world have poor literacy . 
  in europe ? 
  not really . 
   why shitty ? 
  i live in a country that had this shitty system imposed for 44 years , * very * shitty . 
   you ever consider that starting out with an economy that 's a fraction of the size of your capitalist competitor puts you ( and the people living within your states ) at a massive disadvantage ? 
  especially when trying to create an alternative ( to the world economic system ) from scratch ? 
  there 's a saying that goes `` do n't bite more than you can chew '' . 
   everyone had the same opportunities and outcomes , the same lack of opportunities , and mediocre outcomes . 
   housing disgustingly ugly , shittily built commieblocks , on terribly badly planned commieblock estates that permanently disrupted and stained the urban fabric of our cities . 
  it would be pretty much impossible to purposefuly come up with more depression-inducing housing than that . 
   employment was guaranteed ... there was nothing you could buy with your wages though . 
   now you have a few millionaires , and everyone else ( unequally ) poor ? 
  considering that even the latter group lives now several orders of magnitude better , than `` everyone '' did during the commie times , i 'd say it was a great change . 
   and move to the developed capitalist states to make a decent living , great majority of poles , myself included , did not emigrate anywhere , and continued to rebuild their country from the disaster of communism , reaching unprecedented economic growth levels in the process . 
   poland is receiving massive assistance the soviet union could not give .
