  is it the first thing most polish people think about when they hear `` france '' ? 
  while i doubt it ( though , personally , it * is * quite high on my `` things i associate france with '' list ) , i can totally see it being the case with the person doing this map . 
  that 's all . 
   we still declared war , and thus stuck to our deal oh , you * declared war * ( sent an angry worded letter ) , yeah , that indeed was kinda nice of you ( even if it was n't of any help to us ) . 
  unfortunately for your rhetoric though , `` your deal '' also included attack on germany within two weeks of their invasion of poland , and this is the part when the third french republic failed miserably , especially considering it was entirely capable of defeating germany at that moment . 
   oh , so a dozen of guys were pussies , unfortunately for poland ( and in fact all of europe ) , that dozen of guys were the ones who in the 1939-40 time period outlined and led actions of the entity called `` france '' composed of millions of people ( with disastrous results ) . 
  ( as a reply to another post you have deleted before i managed to send it )  but seriously , your lack of knowlege and respect for history france formally promised poland ( and assured us on multiple occasions ) that they will attack germany two weeks after they will attack us . 
  that was the assumption on which our defensive plans were made . 
  moreover , about 80 % of wehrmacht was concentrated in poland in september 1939 . 
  at that moment ( and only that moment ) the french army could easily steamroll germany from the west . 
  but they did n't . 
  they made a one half-assed attempt few kilometers into the german territory , then withdrew the moment they encountered any resistance . 
  then the french proceeded to do absolutely nothing for the next 8 months , which give germans another time to regroup and further strenghten their forces , and then easily defeat france which surrended after germans evaded their unfinished fortification line . 
   french soldiers in ww2 were not pussies . 
  the french * soldiers * themselves indeed were n't , but the french command and government definitely was . 
   how about you fight your own wars next ? 
  well , that 's exactly what we had to do at the end of the day anyway . 
   rather changed its occupant when compared to the situation present between 1795 and 1807/9 - where polish lands were regular parts of prussia and austria , duchy of warsaw , even though * de facto * directly controlled by france , had a much higher degree of autonomy . 
  it was a `` liberation '' rather than liberation , sure , but it was still somewhat better than before it . 
  existence of duchy of warsaw also continued in ( formally ) semi-independent kingdom of poland which existed between 1815 and 1831 , even if in the end russians did not respect its autonomy and gradually tried to integrate it with their country . 
   vilnius is majority lithuanian areas around it are majority polish . 
   is too important . 
  that argument have n't stopped soviets from taking lw\u00f3w from us in 1945 :d, 
  i have already mentioned the napoleonic wars . 
  or are you implying that 1807 , 1809 and 1812 wars are somehow distinct enough to warrant counting them twice ? 
  pu\u0144sk * as * for wilno ( by now i 'm quite convinced you could easily imitate lithuanian by simply adding `` as '' , `` us '' or `` ai '' endings to polish words ) , and you have a deal . 
   we fought 3 wars for you you lost the first one ( 1812 ) , even though you liberated us and fought brave for a while , and lost the second one after acting like complete pussies and not doing anything you have promised in an alliance treaty ( 1939 ) . 
  i have no idea which one could possibly be the third one . 
   never said its pretty . 
  * for me it 's atrocious ( which can be seen even on this picture ) , though fortunately slowly recovering ( which , coincidentally , could also be seen on this picture ) , but to each their own . 
   pride in military victories is a vain and petty pride , it 's definitely better than pride in * military defeats * - which is a prevalent thing in poland . 
  ko\u015bciuszko uprising , napoleon 's campaign , november uprising , january uprising , ww2 ... our history is full of heroic defeats . 
   i do n't think it matches the heroism of the warsaw uprising . 
  and the heroic , albeit futile fight of * soldiers * fighting in uprising should be celebrated . 
  the uprising itself should be regarded as a big mistake , and those who decided on starting it against all strategical sense should be held with great shame . 
   of course it was doomed from the start and ultimately a disaster for the people of warsaw thus it was * worse * than pointless - it ended up causing even more pain and destruction . 
   could n't the same be said for the revolt at auschwitz-birkenau ? 
  auschwitz-birkenau was not an over-million inhabitants city with vast array of monuments , cultural and historical heritage . 
   besides , to blame the destruction of the city and her inhabitants on the home army seems to be an atrocious form of ` victim-blaming ' . 
  no pointless revolt a few months before inevitable end of german occupation - no initiative for germans to raze the city . 
  we have already lost about 6 millions of citizens to german and soviet occupants by then , there was no need to add up additional 200,000 to that disastrous number for * absolute no possible gain * . 
  and i see how hearing about heroism and sacrifices might seem cool and great from australia , but when the end result of that is your capital being a shitty commieblock estate built on the site of the old city of warsaw , while there are millions of tourists visiting a beautifully preserved city like , say , prague each year you 'd really curse people responsible for that mass suicide . 
   and were coming to the awful realisation that the western allies were only going to betray them to stalinism . 
  during the month preceding the warsaw uprising , the polish uprisings in lw\u00f3w and wilno ended in succesfuly liberating both cities from the german occupation ... only to become occupied by the soviet union a few days after , with polish resistance forces imprisoned ( and , in part , executed ) . 
  i absolutely fail to see what the endgame of our resistance was in such situation , considering they already had the knowledge that even if they somehow manage to liberate the city , it will be lost to soviets anyway soon after . 
  it 's done on a country basis , so it made the cut as an integral part of ukraine . 
   calling this great city `` ugly '' . 
  oh , i 'm not saying it * is n't * great - it is . 
  that does n't disregard the fact that it 's also one of the ugliest and worst planned cities in poland ( though this situation is fortunately gradually changing for better ) . 
   it is what it is and i dont know how much you saw around the world , but this city isnt ugly . 
  i saw quite much , and i 'm yet to see a major european city that would be uglier than warsaw . 
  there * are * many positive things to say about warsaw - it being a `` pretty city '' is simply not among them . 
   came here 15 years ago and live here since then , and its not ugly . 
  i was born here , and to this day i 'm pissed off about the permanent harm idiotic commie planers did to this city . 
  ak must * have known * what happened to the ( succesful ) lw\u00f3w uprising which ended a week earlier - polish resistance liberated the city from germans , and soon after they were disbanded and imprisioned by soviets . 
  the same thing happening in warsaw would be the * best case scenario * . 
  having that in mind , out of many bad choices it was one of the worst ones . 
  warsaw * is * mostly ugly though ( especially the parts `` rebuilt '' between 60s and 80s ) . 
  can confirm , am varsovian . 
   this was one of the most heroic thing in our history . 
  fighting a futile uprising against an enemy who already * was going to lose the war * ? 
  `` the most heroic thing '' ? 
  with or without uprising , the german occupation of the city would be replaced by the soviet one in winter 1945 . 
  though if not for uprising , the city would not become completely destroyed , and 200,000 civilians would not die pointlessly . 
  truly one of the most heroic things in our history . 
  * fighting * for freedom is one thing , stupidly commiting mass suicide `` for freedom '' is another one . 
  and the warsaw uprising was definitely the latter . 
  the bravery of ak soldiers during the uprising should definitely be celebrated , but the stupidity of people who made the decision about futile uprising can only be condemned . 
   the proudest moment in polish history nah , that would be the battle of warsaw in 1920 , or battle of vienna in 1683 . 
  calling the decision that caused complete demolition of the city after inevitable loss , and slaughter of over 200,000 citizens `` the proudest moment '' is a stretch . 
   you cherry-picked few statistics that 's it . 
  he posted few statistics which closely correlate with this `` being poor '' thingy you have mentioned earlier . 
   being polish , are in no position to call anybody poor or migrant . 
  being lithuanian , neither are you . 
  such situation * is * exceptionally rare around here in central europe . 
  though maybe it indeed is n't in * eastern * europe , i am not an expert on that region . 
   you should know how that fight will go the last time we fought russia 1v1 ( 1920 ) , we won . 
   you should read what slippery slope means . 
  the exact thing you did in your previous post , among others . 
  burden of proof that * majority * of the people protesting the censorship in this thread supposedly `` want to gas the jews '' lies on you , and all we have for now is your empty claim . 
  you should indeed put your money where your mouth is . 
   it 's not that i dislike you , it 's you saying that somebody who wants to gas jews is a reasonable person that can add something to a discussion about immigration . 
  if we are now going down the slippery slope , so is somebody who is saying that we should murder all the `` class enemies '' , as obviously * all * the left-wing people think like that , just like all the people who do n't want immigration topics to be censored `` want to gas jews '' . 
   no i mean why do you pretend that you are not a facist when you actually agree with them ? 
  my voting habits probably have something to do with it . 
  though i 'm glad to see we reached the point in which you start calling everything you dislike `` fascist '' , as it means that i have already won this discussion . 
  if by spotlight you mean `` a * one * cluttered , unusable , badly visible thread located in a place most people ignore , and also wo n't show on your frontpage '' then i guess our definitions of `` spotlight '' must be vastly different . 
   would be nice if you would just fuck off to reuropean oh , but if my presence - a regular / r/europe user who happen to not agree with you - pisses you off so much , i 'll gladly remain here . 
  though if situation in here does not improve , i actually * will * have to start lurking / r/european more frequently to fill in the gaps caused by / r/europe censorship . 
   why do you even pretend . 
  because among many topics i * do * care about , you could also find the `` immigration '' one . 
  i also really dislike any attempts to interfere with one of my favourite newsfeeds by artifically crippling it . 
  whoever also tries to prevent it - i do n't care , whatever their reasons . 
  look at the comment history of some of the commenters here . 
  i do n't give a flying fuck about the comment history of some of the commenters here . 
  they could all be frequent posters on / r/whiterights for all i care , their voice is still equally as valid as a voice of someone also posting on / r/socialism . 
   you dumb shit want to pretend there is no brigade ? 
  i acknowledge there might be a brigading to some extent . 
  i simply do n't see it as the * worst * issue regarding this whole situation . 
   refuse to believe you are this stupid .
