  the most important part of it was the secret protocol dividing central europe into german and soviet `` spheres of influence '' . 
  have you forgotten that the soviet union ** invaded ** poland on 17 september ? 
  it was a full-blown invasion , on the exact same scale as the german one two weeks earlier . 
  ussr has * executed * over 22000 pow polish officers in 1940 . 
  allied officers . 
  ^ ( and do n't forget that most of territories occupied by ussr have never returned to poland again ), 
   turned into the polish version of stormfront no , it has always been like this . 
  and actually i think that description suits most of the polish internet . 
  compared to some other popular polish portals wykop actually seems pretty moderate in comparison . 
  honestly , i do n't even recall any major polish websites where hivemind would be left of center - maybe save for gazeta wyborcza comments , and even them not always . 
  oh , i get your points about their national identity and i am well awaee of them . 
  just they are ... well , exactly - that 's lithuanian propaganda . 
  we do n't have to believe it , it 's enough that they do . 
  yes , mutiny was an asshole move , but then so was the earlier lithuanian take over . 
  what would be a difference between lithuania taking over vilnius , and trying to take over the rest of belarus which was a part of gdl aswell ? 
  the truth is , the former gdl was quite clearly divided into three quite distinct parts , though with unclear borders : the western lithuanian-speaking part , the central polish-speaking one , and the eastern belarussian-speaking one . 
  that lithuanian propaganda resulted in lithuanians ( the baltic-language speaking ones ) considering themselves the only true heirs of gdl and believing this legacy gave them right to somehow subjugate the rest of the former gdl . 
  they ( paradoxically , not without soviet help , though that was n't of course the goal of soviets ) succeeded with the polish part which kinda saddens me . 
  this lithuanian attitude is something i consider inherently wrong . 
  whatever . 
  also it was czech for much lonfer than german . 
  then austrian through the czech crown . 
  prussian since merely 1742 . 
  so not even 200 years . 
  and the folk there remained mostly slavic . 
  i keep it in mind . 
  i am of opinion that while we were completely screwed over on the east , so was germany . 
  though at least germans did some things that made them deserve it a little bit more , like causing a world war or trying to completely exterminate numerous nations , poles included . 
  if i was to come back in time to 1945 and somehow trade stettin for lw\u00f3w i would be more than happy as it would be more fair for both poles and germans . 
  i see no point in border changes in modern europe though . 
  i engaged in this pointless discussion not because i would like to see `` wilno return to the fatherland '' , but because lithuanian rethoric of `` the evil poles invaded the 100 % lithuanian city of vilnius which totally had nothing in common with poland and was belonging to this exact lithuanian republic from the dawn of time '' is both completly untrue and pisses me off . 
  poland had at least as good , if not much better claim to this city as lithuania , and yet all they do is bitching about supposed `` polish occupation '' of the city while they did the exact same thing in 1939 . 
  katowice was in poland before wwii . 
   in metal festival  terrible morrons what a surprise . 
  joking aside , i would n't vote for rn either . 
  that does n't mean i dismiss them completely as `` terrible morons and neo nazis '' . 
  which they are not as a party , even though they surely have a lot of such supporters . 
   openly neo-nacist , they are not . 
  in fact , they truly despise nazis . 
  nationalists - yes , they are . 
  that 's literally the name : national movement . 
   anti-eu it 's a good thing . 
  i 'm too anti-eu , though for different reason than they are . 
   man we went over it , 30 % is n't most , it was 30 % in * one * 1897 russian census , in which by the way russians had 20 % . 
  in every single other census poles were the majority in the city . 
  even in the 1942 one done by nazis and collaborant lithuanians . 
   what right poland have over it ? 
  if poland had `` no right '' having that 30-50 % of people there , i wonder if lithuania with their mere 2 % had 15 times * less * rights to vilna than poland . 
  of course it was a part of lithuania - it lies in the very middle of it . 
  in the geographical sense of `` lithuania '' - the former grand duchy . 
  that does n't mean the state calling itself `` lithuania '' , being a nation-state of baltic peoples had any rights to it . 
  it 's would be like state of macedonia ( fyrom ) claiming greek southern macedonia . 
  most of the people inhabiting wilno in the beginning of the 20th century considered themselves poles . 
  not lithuanians . 
  poles . 
  you should read up on the right of nations to self-determination . 
   also if you think ruch nardowy `` are n't that bad really . '', 
  i 'm sorry , end of conversation . 
  it 's a shame you are that bigoted . 
  bad guess . 
  read my older posts and you will find out what party i currently support . 
  though honestly , they are n't that bad really . 
   your delusion and close-mindness in history if pretty suprising the exact same thing could be said about you . 
   vilnius , always ( since 14 century ) was lithuania capital , that 's a non-argument . 
  pozsony always was in hungary ( since 9th century ) . 
  it was even a capital of hungary at some point . 
  yet in 1920 it was given to czechoslovakia based on ethnic lines ( though still , there were a lot of hungarians and germans there at time ) . 
  it is now known as bratislava , a capital of slovakia . 
   look at lithuania 1919 map you mean the map of 1919 * claims * of lithuania ? 
  i 'm pretty sure wilno was included there . 
  lithuania has not controled wilno in 1919 even for one day though . 
  and there were very few people in that city who wanted them to . 
   peapole who are like you , are direct problem to lithuania - polish relationships . 
  maybe . 
  i do n't care . 
   get over it vilnius will never be part of poland i do n't wa n't your shitty vilnius . 
  nobody in poland wants anymore . 
  it 's not worth all this shitstorm , and you have succesfully took over & colonized it . 
  we have many better cities . 
  you can keep it . 
  seriously . 
   19 years in * occupation * that 's the part we do n't agree in . 
  it was not occupation . 
  occupation was what happened in 1939 , when lithuanians came to that city . 
  [ u wot m8 ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qajgycz.png ) you are not proving anything . 
  and we are both right , just about different things . 
   hurr durr poland imperialistic ambitions hurr durrr imperialistic ambitions ? 
  it 's lithuanian imperialistic ambitions we are talking here about . 
  i do n't know how else call taking over area with clear majority of another nation , and with residual presence of your own , and calling it your own capital . 
  actually that 's brilliant . 
  this way you could justify any invasion : `` well , i know you all live here and all , but it 's our capital so we take it now '' . 
   at this point i 'm conviced you have shaved head and do n't like jews or smth actually i do n't have anything against jews . 
  they are good to make business with , and i would gladly see them helped defending their country in the middle east . 
   poland didi n't claimed vilnius , they mascaraded it like `` polish major goes rogue , to do will of the peapole you are missing the part in which wilno was already controled by poland throughout almost the whole 1919 and half of 1920 . 
  the `` polish major goes rogue , to do will of the peapole '' thing was done precisely to regain lost to bolsheviks city , which they gifted to lithuania in the meantime . 
  data on my map ( which is the exact same data ) also says that in county of vilnius there is only 23 % polish minority . 
  however , county of vilnius can be divided into few smaller areas , and some of that areas hold clear polish majority . 
  at this point i wonder whether you are just dumb and do n't understand how maps work , or you are doing it deliberately . 
  you just keep on repeating this completely untrue mantra `` evil polan annexed without reason territory of peaceful lithuania '' .
