  if sweden managed to successfully avoid joining euro for even longer than that , nothing will stop poland or czech republic either . 
  joining erm ii is not mandatory , and not joining it is all a country needs to do to never fulfil the euro convergence criteria . 
   poland - possibly , biggest economy ( besides sweden ) not yet in eurozone highly unlikely actually , as a constitutional change would be needed to implement euro , and considering that huge majority of poles are against it , such change would be pretty much impossible to pass . 
  / r/polska is what you would get , if you wanted to see how a poland-specific hybrid between / r/politics and / r/unitedkingdom would look like . 
  everyone having political views the local circlejerk disagreed with either left it on their own long ago , or was bullied away from it . 
   his family was ethnically lithuanian-ruthenian . 
  so were many other polish noble families . 
  many famous poles , such as pi\u0142sudski were * ethnically * lithuanian or ruthenian . 
   he called himself a litvin he called himself a `` litwin '' , which was nothing more than a description of someone living in the grand duchy part of the commonwealth , as opposed to the crownlands . 
  being a `` litwin '' was n't neccesarily a separate concept from being a `` pole '' , and in various documents and texts connected with the 1794 war , ko\u015bciuszko often uses `` us '' when talking about `` poles '' . 
  pretty sure that this is a bit more than remotely fitting the role oh , obviously less remotely than claiming , let 's say , adam ma\u0142ysz or jan pawe\u0142 ii as a belarusian national hero - after all , he was born in area belonging to belarus nowadays , and had ancestors who some generations earlier used to be ruthenian . 
  anyhow , i do n't really care which historical polish figures belarusians will chose for their national heroes , as long as that wo n't be combined with denial that they were also polish heroes . 
  while the ko\u015bciuszko noble family indeed used to be orthodox in the past , they converted to catholicism * four generations * before tadeusz was born . 
   poland claiming him is not very nice imo . 
  why would poland claiming a self-proclaimed polish patriot , who was the supreme commander of the polish army during the war against prussia and russia , be `` not very nice '' ? 
  i understand that there are n't many famous belarusians and you have to look for anyone even remotely fitting that role , but claiming a polish nobleman , who have never used `` belarusian '' to describe himself is a bit excessive . 
   i 'm glad there is someone who appreciates my shitposting attempts . 
  yeah , by now i am actually somewhat convinced that you are a fellow right-winger , who just wants to make left-wingers look bad and uninformed . 
  if that 's the case , you are indeed doing a good job !, 
   sadly the quality presented in the interview ( or rather the lack of thereof ) is pretty much impossible to match . 
  i actually watched the entire interview , instead of a 3-second silent snapshot , and it was quite interesting , and included many good points . 
  we still had the misfortune of seeing the usual set of your low-quality comments though , so the initial plan of avoiding embarrassment clearly did n't work out . 
   it 's actually a polish city well , not anymore , it only was a polish city until the 1944-1946 ethnic cleansing . 
  i think it swung election results enough to be the tipping point between the two scenarios i mentioned . 
  but it contributed into turning what would be a minor pis victory , after which pis would have to seek coalition partners to form a government , into a landslide victory where pis achieved parliamentary majority on their own . 
   and is n't their lifestyle completely different from the polish one ? 
  it is , but in a way that is not a bother to anyone . 
  vietnamese in poland are entrepreneurial and hardworking , there are n't any agressive terrorist organizations within their community , and their children are very well-integrated into the polish society . 
   how will it change for poland to accept few thousands people fleeing from war ? 
  is there some kind of war in turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , hungary and so on i 'm not aware of ? 
  and how will taking few thousands token migrants who do n't even want to be here in the first place change anything ? 
  you would be right if the money was given to `` boost the sales of the french military equipment '' or whatever , but the goal was to `` improve poland 's military capabilities '' , and that 's precisely what poland did . 
   so you were economical with the money you received from the eu by not spending it at them ? 
  i do n't understand this question . 
  us equipment was deemed as giving more bang for the buck , so it 's obvious that it was chosen by the polish army instead of the alternatives that were deemed inferior . 
  then there 's also the issue that usa is poland 's closest , and by far most important military ally , so it 's good to have equipment that is compatible with theirs . 
  and the government responsible for that was ousted in a landslide during the elections a month later . 
  at the very least , the effect of migrant crisis on the election results was pis getting a stable parliamentary majority on their own , instead of a shaky pis-kukiz '15 coallition government . 
   yes , but if you receive eu money to modernize your military ... where would you buy ? 
  in those of the countries allied with us , that was offering us the best quality/price ratio on the military equipment . 
  which happens to be usa more often than not . 
  there also is a quite significant number of vietnamese in poland , and nobody has any problem with them eighter , so i do n't see what your point is supposed to be . 
  you are vastly overestimating influence of `` money sent back '' and `` benefit generally from emigration '' on our economic development . 
  just how self-important one can be ? 
   happy to take money sent back i did not receive my magic paycheck from abroad yet , which office should i contact in order to correct that omission so i can have something to send back ? 
  newsflash : poles living in poland are the ones who did not emigrate anywhere . 
  i sometimes long for the day eu funds are finally scrapped altogether , because i do n't feel good with my country receiving bribes , and apparently that 's what the eu funds are supposed to be according to posters like you . 
  51 000 is a number of * polish citizens * who put `` ukrainian '' as their nationality on a census . 
  they are mostly descendands of people who lived within the current borders of poland for centuries . 
  the number of * ukrainians in poland right now * , including all the recent immigrants , is somewhere between several hundred thousands , and over a million . 
  no , you only tend to call people having opinions you disagree with `` butthurt nationalists ( or maybe paid trolls ) '' whenever they post - that 's totally not * ad hominem * . 
   because i would not want to compare my country to those two i probably would n't either if i lived in a country that remained consistently well-off during the recent history . 
  alas , i do n't have such a luxury , as those two countries were lightyears ahead of poland 25 years ago . 
  and despite such immense initial distance , poland pretty much caught up to them by now - what 's not optimistic about that ? 
  looks pretty good actually . 
  we are getting close to reaching the greek or portuguese wages right now , and we started from next to zero merely 25 years ago . 
  while you get a sore arse the moment someone dares to suggest poland and polish people can do anything good , so you cancel each other nicely . 
   but if you are going to be a man and stop parasiting why not go all the way and just leave ? 
  be free , be a bird . 
  and why would i support * that * ? 
  i like the free trade area , as well as the customs union we are in very much . 
  hopefuly the eu will return to being primarily that in the future - scrapping the eu funds would certainly be a good start towards this goal . 
   poland is some tiny , unimportant land in the middle . 
  russian economy is less than three times the size of the polish one , and with current trends that number is not going to change in russia 's favour in the future . 
   leave it alone for some 20 years and it might be russian again for all i know . 
  the collapse of america within the next 20 years is a quite bold prediction , even considering all the recent drama . 
   eh , they said the same about brexit . 
  brexit was a real possibility within the marign of error since the referendum was announced . 
  i mean ww2 , when french sat on their asses behind their fortifications waiting for germans to come , despite the fact that their alliance treaty with poland clearly stated that they are supposed to launch a large scale offensive against germany within * two weeks * of poland being attacked , as well as such offensive being entirely possible as france had a huge numerical advantage over germany on the ( potential ) western front at the time , due to around 80 % of wehrmacht being concentrated on invasion of poland . 
  the complete trust poland had in capabilities of france as its closest military ally , which lasted at least since the napoleonic wars , was forever lost on [ september 12th , 1939 , when france oficially decided that they wo n't provide direct help in poland 's defence . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abbeville#world_war_ii ), 
  usa has a capability to mobilize forces for prolonged warfare within 24 hours . 
  they pretty much have a stronger military than rest of the world combined . 
  france ... well , not so much . 
  they ran out of ammo during their military operation in lybia a few years ago !, 
  and i do n't think i have to remind how the last time france promised to help poland militarily ended . 
   poland 's situation improved at the expense of my people . 
  that 's a problem for me . 
  not my problem . 
   t make it work , alternative solution : we do n't pay poland anything finally speaking some sense !, 
  well , as long as you also stop paying for all the other countries , you 'll have my full support . 
  i 'm also against the eu funds , as this spare change is not worth constant blackmail attempts , and condescending `` le eu funds in action '' comments , even if the topic happens to have nothing in common with them . 
  the only reason i see for poland to take the eu funds in the first place is so the other countries that also get them wo n't get an unfair advantage over us , so scrapping the programme altogether would finally break this cycle . 
   the russians are open for some trade agreements . 
  considering that poland is a bigger trade partner for germany than russia , i would n't be so hopeful of such agreements . 
   what are you going to do ? 
  cry a lot ? 
  probably the same thing we are going to do when the martians attack , because the chance that either scenario happens is comparable . 
  poland being poor is not my problem i do n't care in the slightest what you consider a `` problem '' . 
  that was a response to a claim that poland is having it so good . 
   that 's correct . 
  the eu treaties give you all kinds of things , including billions of my tax money so ? 
  how your tax money is being spent is not my problem . 
   time that the eu treaties change . 
  good luck getting every eu country to agree on such treaty change . 
  spoiler alert : you wo n't . 
   poland also gets a disproportional amount of funding compared to other poorer eu nations indeed - portugal , greece , slovakia , hungary , latvia , estonia and lithuania all get more funds than poland per capita . 
   you basically collaborate actively with a foreign state ( the us ) it helps that the us is the only country with enough capabilities to * actually * help us out if any imminent danger to our national security arisen . 
  just like south korea or japan , we can count on us in a way we ca n't on anyone else . 
   and i hope macron will do the maximum he can do to piss you off so much that you will leave and form a club with your beloved anglo-friends .
