  20 years of the interwar period aside , we 've been `` doing what we were told '' for the last 200 or so years , which led to our nation being mismanaged for generations . 
  turns out that `` doing what we are told '' is a clearly inferior option to pretending we have idea how to manage things ( which , for a change , kinda worked for the last 25 years ) . 
   your nation is literally financed by the eu as the reality of the numbers and statistics publicly available and published by large multinational institutions shows , given the circumstances we managed quite fine without the eu handouts in the 90s , and we would manage even better without them right now . 
  all that said , it would be quite stupid of us not to take what 's being offered , just like not taking the marshall plan funds would be a stupid thing to do on part of the european nations that were able to participate in it after the ww2 - thus i 'm glad that we are taking this equivalent of a one free lunch in a month , as despite the mildly annoying side effect of some ignorants counterfactually bitching that `` your nation is literally financed by the eu '' on the internet , it 's still quite nice . 
   what is going on in your minds when you pretend that you know better than countries like germany ? 
  yeah , the old german trick of having 3/4 of the country free of soviet occupation for half of century . 
  why oh why the wise german ways remained unknown to us ? 
   you wanted to join the eu , flawed as it was , we quite liked the version of eu as it was at the time we joined , i 'll admit it . 
  then it got worse . 
   you benefited the most from being in the eu , [ per capita ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/nol/shared/spl/hi/europe/09/eu_budget_spending/img/graph_net_capit_466x485.gif ) , we are not even in top5 of the countries that benefited the most . 
  try again . 
   now do whatever is in your power to serve and repay it . 
  why would we be the only ones to do so , while everyone else looks after their own interests first and foremost ? 
  we did whatever in our power to help others a few times throughout our history already , and nothing good ever came to us out of it . 
  aye , down with federalization of eu . 
  i 'll gladly saboteur any efforts towards taking it any further in its current form . 
  you spouting your nonsense all over this thread is a much more interesting phenemenon , to be frank . 
   no borat , nobody cares . 
   when it comes to balkan drama , i really do not care who was there first . 
  well , i do , so we have a counterexample here already . 
  poland was only occupied by a foreign , culturally alien empire from the east for 100 years ( 140 if you count the soviet occupation ) , and it already fucked our country beyond recognition , so i can only sympathize with european nations that suffered such sad fate for a period five times as long . 
  and i certainly would n't want to hear absurdal things like `` those russians [ settled during the russian occupation of poland ] lived there before the idea of poland was even created '' . 
   fact check :  there is a balkan country around today called `` romania '' which today speaks a romance language . 
  precisely , and as i correctly predicted in my last post , it happened to be formed in area where the roman presence did linger . 
   eah , and it was roman before that . 
  so let 's make a law there repressing everybody who is n't roman !, 
  :d if there were enough romans left there to get their independence back , it would certainly help them survive to this day . 
  unfortunately for romans , that 's not the case there ( and never really was , considering that the eastern roman empire was much more greek than latin . 
   my point was moreso that the poeple who are going to be affted by this are turks ( who 've been there since the 1500s ) , pomaks ( slavic muslims apparently also dating back that far ) , and roma ( who 've been living in the balkans since the 1100s . 
  no , your point was that the idea of bulgaria somehow appeared out of thin air way after the * turkish conquest of bulgaria * . 
  next time try to be more precise to avoid being misunderstood . 
  so it turns out that despite your original claim bulgaria was a thing before the turkish conquerors from central asia subjugated its remains . 
  balkan bullshit of the week award in this thread definitely goes to you , for whole effort . 
   `` bulgaria '' was even a thing . 
  actually , bulgaria * was * a thing back then - that is , until turks conquered it back in 1400s . 
   it 's also poor so is russia , but that does n't stop them from making threatening gestures . 
  you are clearly wrong . 
  we do n't need european super state . 
  why oh why some ca n't brake up with this world government dystopia ? 
  as usual , polish parts visibly showing in german empire . 
  `` starts '' , those articles feel like a one big game of chinese whispers , which each one somehow managing to be even more misinformed than the previous one . 
  the logging in this forest has been ongoing for many years ( if not always ) , and neither then nor now did it happen in the * actually * primeval part of the forest which happens to be protected by national park . 
  you should rather ask * why would n't they want to log it * . 
  forests are being logged all the time , that 's what tends to happen to them . 
  only the national park part is an unmanaged forest the rest , including the part that is being logged , is very much a regular , managed forest . 
   what kind of party is pis then in your opinion ? 
  populist-conservative  sometimes i 've got a feeling poles have this really twisted view of politics i 've get this feeling too sometimes , and daily readings of various lefty and liberal media have been my steady and reliable source of fun for many years , but it got absolutely hillarious since around the last elections . 
  i sometimes wish this alternative reality poland they write about really existed . 
   due to our own political scene basically swimming in far-right cancer . 
  as far as europe goes , polish politics is indeed swung to the * far-left * a bit less than average , which is one thing i like about our country . 
  it 's not all roses though as the economical programme of our biggest conservative party is still worryingly socialist in its nature , but then again it would be foolish to expect that 45 years of soviet occupation did not take its toll on our country . 
  yes , it 's only perfectly alright for russia to threaten poland that way , because they are so fucking special . 
  god forbid the roles are reversed though , silly poland should shut up and listen obediently to their masters . 
   nationalistic ideology with socialist ( populist ) policies makes you a facist i presume you also call partia razem `` bolsheviks '' , with that level of accuracy in your descriptions . 
  copernicus was born in kingdom of poland , lived for most of his life in kingdom of poland , and died in kingdom of poland . 
  more so , his father came to the city of toru\u0144 , where copernicus was born , from the capital of poland at the time , krak\u00f3w . 
  so no , it 's nothing like kant . 
  \\  greece thinking they are in western europe, 
  looking at authors ' names , those do n't seem to be works of the `` polish ecologists '' you were asking for . 
  edit : those abstracts were an interesting read , nevertheless . 
   please tell me some famous polish ecologists i do n't know any famous polish ecologists . 
  the only moment one usually hears about them is when they show up as faceless `` ecologists '' blob in media to hinder some urgently needed investment . 
  i trust polish foresters way more than i trust polish ecologists . 
  no , only a rebellous polish vassal . 
  polish ecologists tend to protest against every possible thing in this country regardless of whether their concerns are justified or not , so nobody takes them seriously anymore . 
  if some newer forest was under danger of being infested by bark beetles , there also would be some logging done in it in order to prevent the spread of infestation . 
   never managed to get 5 % in real elections . 
  subtle jab at eu-federalists , not even considering the eu parliament elections to be the `` real '' ones . 
  `` today you , tomorrow me '' , as the saying goes . 
  as elections last year showed , the left-wing electorate in poland is so small , that even two such parties is a big enough fracture for neither of them to manage to break the electoral threshold . 
   legia warsaw is a big pile of a bullcrap not a football club . 
  which only shows how shit the rest of our league must be , considering that legia is by far the strongest club in poland throughout the last few years . 
  the local militia is a legally registered as a shooting club , which in this case also organises various paramilitary activities and training . 
  i do n't know about the netherlands , but it so happens that public money collection is not a criminal offense in poland . 
  empty threats on part of the european commision , considering that the process will have to go through the european council next , where the decision needs to be unanimous . 
  and hungary already stated that they wo n't support it . 
   just because a part of a system is backwards does n't mean that the whole system is backwards , just that it together with other parts contribute to backwardness well , therefore one clearly can not infer anything meaningful from data showing how only a part of the system works . 
  on top of that , using the rethoric of something being `` backwards '' simply because you happen not to like it appears pretty * backwards * to me , but that 's a topic for another discussion . 
   and i said that it might mean that there 's a connection between the two , equally as much as lack of death penalty in most of latin america compared to its presence in more developed usa * might mean * that there 's some kind of connection here . 
  do you not understand argumentation ? 
  your point is disproven simply by showing that there 's no inherent link between the existence of death penalty in a legal system , and the level of country 's development , and as it turns out one can be a fully developed country and still have a death penalty . 
  even one developed country with capital punishment would be enough for making that point . 
   countries which generally have bad human rights records and backwards ideas uses the system usa , japan , taiwan , south korea , singapore ... 
   thank god like 95 % of all countrys abolished the death penalty actually , majority of the world 's population lives in countries where death penalty is a regular part of the justice system . 
   their own fault that they chose not to participate in any of the protests personally , i would never want to participate in any protest openly supported by po , even if i personally agreed with the message , so it 's hardly a surprise . 
   kod was open to cooperation with anyone willing to further the cause considering that kod 's main cause seemed to be `` let 's return po , or po2 ( . n ) to power '' from the start , it 's not a cause anyone not supporting this idea could rally behind with a clear conscience . 
   it 's a movement for democracy ... founded right after the guys they happened not to like won the democratic elections , and by an odd coincidence immediately supported by the entire political camp that came second , as well as their friendly media . 
  i do n't think i have seen something so plain and clich\u00e9 in polish politics before . 
  being against pis does not automatically mean one supports kod , which by now is a movement pretty much fully hijacked by po and nowoczesna . 
  kukiz '15 and korwin do not support kod so no , not everyone . 
  razem also protests separately . 
   town hall has a po majority while organizers were kod . 
  precisely , thus both are part of the same movement . 
  po has been massively involved in kod from the start . 
   i know of the osiedle its where the warsaw getto was and completely destroyed . 
  it was a quick way by the commies to put people in semi-decent housing . 
  so much for your knowledge of warsaw geography . 
  actually , the part of ghetto that was completely destroyed was a bit to the north from there , starting from where al. 
  most of it is in muran\u00f3w district nowadays . 
  coincidentally , the architecture in the part where ghetto was dates for late 1940s and 1950s and , despite much bigger pressure to provide `` semi-decent housing fast '' back then , is actually at least somewhat decent compared to inhumane design of osiedle za \u017belazn\u0105 bram\u0105 from the * 1960s * .
