  it were the people living there , who made it the second ( or the third in some aspects ) most important polish city and centre of polish culture , who ran the world famous lw\u00f3w university and polytechnic . 
  and that part of the spirit of lw\u00f3w might perhaps remain in wroc\u0142aw - though i do n't consider wroc\u0142aw to be anywhere near the level of influence lw\u00f3w had . 
  yes , and in fact i even meant to write breslau at first . 
  why i did n't ? 
  i decided that what i was describing in my post was that they were resettled from the old polish city of lw\u00f3w , which ceased to exist with them to be replaced by an entirely different soviet city of lvov , to the new polish city of wroc\u0142aw , built on the ruins of the old german breslau ( the city which defended itself against the red army for a week longer than berlin ! ) . 
  to think of it - is n't it kind of poetic , how citizens of the polish fortress on the east during the wars with bolsheviks and ukrainians in 1920 were resettled to the german ww2 eastern fortress ? 
  well , there 's kinda no point anymore after all the poles from lw\u00f3w were moved to wroc\u0142aw . 
  ah , you mean in pub . 
  you will pay about 1-2 $ there . 
  though krak\u00f3w is famous in poland for ripping off tourists who do n't know better . 
  you mean there are countries where 0.5 l beer * does n't * cost $ 0.5 ? 
  yeah , since 1946 when almost all poles in lw\u00f3w who survived the war were forcibly expelled by soviets . 
  there 's no lw\u00f3w anymore , just as there 's no constantinople and today the city is as ukrainian as szczecin is polish . 
  well , he would have to live until 120 or something for this to happen . 
  it 's not like we have n't been warning for many years that something like this is possible . 
  though until the last year noone outside the region seemed to care . 
   georgia today , tomorrow ukraine , the baltic states the day after tomorrow , then perhaps the time for my country , poland !, 
  - the president of poland in 2008, 
  well , we had to give up sikorski for fa so tusk could become the president of the european council . 
  a shame really , as i would rather have sikorski in europe than tusk , as he is the one that could actually have some real impact on eu , but i guess having a prestigious figurehead from your country is not that bad either . 
  honestly , i was suprised that the whole knp party have n't joined the ukip 's alliance to begin with . 
  though that 's probably because they have found farage ` too moderate ' for their liking . 
  suck it , russia . 
  we beat you again . 
  there is no deep hatred in poland for romanian nation in the same way it exists say for russia . 
  it 's just that there are very few news here regarding romania , and somehow it became ingrained as '' * the * poverty stricken country in eastern europe ( far away from our central europe ) where all the gypsies come from '' in common conscience . 
  not by a large ammount though . 
  seems we have found a proud citizen of western poland with his unjustified superiority complex . 
  there are n't much gypsies in poland . 
  lithuanian nazi collaborants have also commited numerous crimes and mass murders against poles living in areas of poland occupied by lithuania in 1939 . 
  compared to what they did , the * one * massacre by ak , while undoubtfuly worthy of condemnation , seems quite pale in comparison . 
  even [ jan pawe\u0142 having a walk with reagan ] ( http://niezalezna.pl/uploads/foto/2012/08/pomnik2.jpg ) statues . 
  guess we just really love statues . 
  700 million elderly europeans with modern military , high tech and enough funds to sustain prolonged warfare vs 10 billion young and violent and piss poor everybody . 
  africa is also a much bigger continent than europe , so until they reach our average population density the fact that they are more populous does n't really mean anything . 
  \\  either turn into africa2 , or be an old 's people home continent . 
  hard choice indeed . 
  \\  a big eu logo instead of a national symbol \\  name of country in english instead of in its native language \\  flag format which works only if you have broad vertical strips on your flag 2/10 , like my current one more . 
  they surely were n't anymore `` soviet '' than `` polish '' though . 
  and while pre-war poland had its flaws , being kind of a military semi-dictatorship and all , i 'd wager i would still much rather live in poland than ussr even if i was ukrainian or belarusian . 
  or even russian , to think about it . 
  and soviet union took large areas with ethnic polish huge majority . 
  most interestingly , opression against ethnic polish population in soviet-occupied areas of poland during 1939-41 was even more severe than in german-occupied areas in the same period . 
  germans have n't really started mass exterminations until 1942 , at this point soviets managed to send about a million of poles into inhumane siberian katorga ( needless to add , with a very high death ratio ) , and murder 22,000 of allied officers . 
  nice job , managing to be a worse occupant than fucking nazi germany . 
  that surely is an achievement . 
  interesting that you are using the `` they took it first '' argument , as the very same argument could be convincingly made for poland , that it has regained in 1920 what russia has conquered in its war of aggresion in 1794-95 . 
  warsaw has falen to germans over 10 days later , on september 28 . 
  and polish army planned ( not without some chances of succes ) a defending the last resort on polish-romanian border through the winter . 
  unfortunately , these plans were deemed void when agression of poland was joined by nazi germany 's most loyal ally , soviet union on 17th september . 
  and , as i have already said , soviet tyranny was n't any better than nazi tyranny . 
  there were literally people fleeing from the soviet-occupation zone to nazi-occupation zone , that 's how bad it was in soviet zone . 
  your post , along with your post history is so filled with misinformation , blatant lies , and blind russian historical revisionism , it 's hard to treat it seriously . 
  congratulations , you have made yourself look like a parody of the alleged `` kremlinbots '' . 
  still , they are called `` partitions of poland '' by historians . 
  i think it 's pronounced kind of like ` zhech-pohs-poh-leetah ' , though i 'm not really sure if i rendered it in faux english correctly . 
  yeah , it was never the same again after the war with sweden when many protestants were collaborating with swedes and the stigma remained . 
  counting combined , i 'm quite sure sure spain has received much , much more than us . 
  i always knew / int / was right all along . 
  ghost people , some spooky shit right there . 
  maybe if you have actually offered us rafales , we would have chosen them over f-16 . 
  your offer were mirages though , and they were more expensive than f-16s , while not being any better than them . 
  no wonder we have chosen a more favorable deal . 
  and the name of the ruling party makes france socialist exactly how ? 
  last time i checked they were a normal capitalist country ruled by socialdemocrats . 
   when have they ever protected poland ? 
  cia helped the anti-communist resistance in '80s . 
   britain and france both declared war on germany after germany invaded poland . 
  ... and then proceeded to do absolutely nothing until germans got bored of waiting and took initiative . 
  from this point , france managed to hold for the same ammount of time poland had half a year earlier . 
  fortunately , there are no socialist countries in europe anymore . 
  there are still lots of religious young people , even if the percentage is n't as high as in older generations . 
  another thing is that krak\u00f3w is a large city , so even 100k of students wo n't really skew the statistics by noticeable ammount , and there 's also densely populated rural part of the area . 
  no , it 's sosnowiec . 
  post-industrial area which used to be more well-off in the past . 
  krak\u00f3w ( kra ) is dark red . 
  yes . 
  also lpg . 
  not really , it 's quite evenly distributed across the country . 
  but it 's the south ( interesingly enough , it 's also the area of poland with the highest average population density ) , which i would consider the bible belt of poland . 
  [ percentage attending the mass every sunday . 
  checks out . 
  here in poland the only relevant eurosceptics are on the right wing and the far right . 
  see - that 's exactly what i was talking about . 
  3k usd is not a significant difference . 
   and poland is seen here as a place where cheap , low-quality products come from . 
  then i 'm glad our exporters have found such a niche in your country and you are buying our crap . 
   what is the reason ? 
  perhaps poles are less resistant than slovaks to shitty wages , and some of us know some languages other than our native one . 
   how is it possible that all western european countries are infested with poles ? 
  it might have something to do with the fact that even if emigration rate would be the same in every 2004 expansion country , there would be still more emigrants from poland than from all the other 9 countries combined . 
   slovakia is significantly richer than poland lol . 
  you are seen here as a cheap winter vacations resort , with similar to ours wages and standard of living . 
  and the last time i checked statistics , this opinion was n't far from the truth . 
   at a far lower rate would n't be so sure . 
  though there are like 10 times more of us than of you so we are surely more visible wherever we go . 
  pathetic , everyone knows the only legitimate claimants to the polish throne are from the house of wettin . 
  they should fuck off from his lands then . 
  konrad surely was a terrible strategist though . 
  they were granted some lands as vassals .
