well , they could be attended by the local polish people , there are many of them there . 
  it was still an operation on * de jure * georgian territory , so subsequent russian attack ca n't be justified . 
  the fact that georgian operation started first is irrelevant to this case . 
  because the second camp is n't any better . 
  they would do exactly the same were they given the capabilities fidesz currently has . 
  he meant the 1815-1918 occupation , not the ww2 one . 
   reddit is the most far right-wing extremist social media website on the internet . 
  the fact that you hold such opinion says more about you than about anything else . 
  i do n't think you have actually experienced how right-wing extremist social media sites look like . 
  i mean , using terminology like `` neoliberalism '' in a complete serious way and treating socialists like people having a completely regular political opinion and not some extremist lunatics ? 
  people openly considering mass migration to be something benefitial ? 
  being atheist considered to be a norm and seein religion as root of all problems ? 
  vehemently pro-gay marriage , abortion ? 
  ( and on european parts  pro-eu ? 
  anti-guns ? 
  that 's your definition of extreme right wing ? 
  because in polish web reddit would pass-off as a left-wing extremist . 
  oh , feel free to try `` something different '' - that 's understandable in your current situation . 
  i would n't expect anything to change for better though if that `` something different '' is socialism - the biggest failure of the 20th century . 
  as well , ca n't wait to see greeks and spaniards experience first-hand how socialism does n't work and is unsustainable . 
  czech sounds to poles almost like a funny and silly kind of polish which could be spoken by little children , and you can usually grasp what they are talking about , but you definitely wo n't understand everything . 
  slovak is a little more comprehensible and a little less funny . 
  i guess it 's something like that the other way around too . 
  last time i checked , kosovar army still stations on territories considered by serbia to be their territory against serbia 's will . 
  you were our vassals for over 100 years , and then you have decided you 'd rather be vassals of turks - so we surely had to lose a few battles there with moldovans and turks . 
  there 's even a saying regarding that wars - `` during the rule of king olbracht , the nobility has gone extinct '' ( it rhymes in polish ) . 
  well , i think only germans could actually feel any sort of it towards poland . 
  russia was always civilizationaly much behind poland , and polish lands their occupied were most developed in their empire ( though 100 years in russia left there serious damage seen till today ) , so i do n't think it works that way . 
  and austrians were just incompetent fucks . 
  on one hand they had no idea about proper oppression , and gave the polish lands some autonomy ( mainly in cultural area ) . 
  on the other hand they had no idea about anything else either , and our lands under their occupation developed even worse that under the russian one ( though fortunately damage was n't as permanent as in russian case ) . 
  that surely takes some serious effort . 
  anyway , any austrian feeling any sort of guilt towards poland would raise serious suspicions about his mental state :d, 
  well , when the alternative is being murdered by nazi germany it suddenly does n't sound * that * bad . 
  people in debt . 
  their wealth is * negative * . 
  ... and kresy poles were mostly urban folk . 
  not your or french kind of multicultural though . 
  why , it 's not like there 's much difference between the two parts . 
  just conservative vs ultraconservative . 
   genocide also happens in war . 
  well , i never said that i 'm happy that millions of germans were expulsed from their homes by soviets , to make room for millions of poles expulsed from * their * homes by soviets . 
  now , i thought we were talking about the 1944-46 resettling of poles from the former polish territories , and the 1945-46 resettling of germans from the former german territories . 
  remind me how did we maneuverd into the polish-bolshevik war again ? 
   i live in a conserative party dominated town yet i do n't vote for them . 
  if the conservative party would end up winning the election , which would result in your country starting the war and your town ultimately getting bombed with you getting killed , you would be equally faultless . 
  that 's the kind of things which happen during the war . 
   so the innocent gertrude family of prussia who voted against the nazis and have had several of their family members arrested deserved to be kicked out ? 
  and did the innocent kowalski family of lw\u00f3w deserved to be the kicked out ? 
  hint : both of them were resettled on the orders of the very same historical figure : stalin . 
  it 's not like it was the choice of poles to trade the eastern half of our country for the former eastern germany . 
  also , prussia , silesia and pomerania were by far the biggest strongholds of nsdap in germany . 
  if gertrude 's neighbours never voted for nsdap in 1932 and 1933 , it would never be able to take power in germany . 
  well , germans have all that things like starting the ww2 , brutally occupying our country for 6 years , commiting mass genocide of poles or completely destroying most of our industry and infrastructure going against them . 
  of course large part of the lands given to us after the ww2 is historically german and historically had very little in common with poland - it 's a common knowledge . 
  these lands are considered to be the war compensation - the only one we have received . 
  unlike that , the former polish lands in the east were lost after the aggresive soviet invasion in 1939 . 
  while the final outcome in both situations might seem to be the same , the circumstances which have led to it were completely different . 
  good , as having a good start on invading denmark is not on our priority list anymore . 
  actually i 'm amazed we have n't repositioned our bases years before . 
  like most of other cities in pre-war poland . 
  there were even some towns with jewish majority . 
  well , surely - but we got even more than any other country . 
  not everyone has lost half of their territory , and their de-facto independence despite in theory being in a `` winning '' camp . 
  i do n't want these lands back , because the ammount of work and funds required to bring them up to standard would be far above capabilities of our nation . 
  not even mentioning that most poles were either genocided or expelled from there after the war . 
  i complain , because i deeply regret we have lost them in the first place . 
  they were very important to the polish culture - most notably the old and beautiful polish city of lw\u00f3w . 
  permanently losing the second most important city in your nation is not something you just * do n't * complain about - even if it happened 70 years ago . 
  imagine italy without milan , germany without munich , netherlands without rotterdam . 
  [ oh , we very much wanted to be a strong uniting point for central europe , independent from russia and germany . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/intermarium ) it 's just that we have n't won decisively enough with bolsheviks to secure independent ukraine ( sorry petlura ) . 
  and while we were busy defending europe from communism , czechoslovakia has decided to claim cieszyn silesia ( later known as zaolzie ) which was initially awarded to poland after austro-hungary broke down , and then there were all that wilno shenanigans . 
  hungary was crippled after trianon , and while traditionally friendly to poland , understandably not eager to cooperate with any of their neighbours . 
  in the end it all have fallen apart and we have all lost the ww2 first to nazis , and then to soviets . 
  which is a good thing , as this way no leftist party will ever win elections in poland again and fuck this country up even more . 
  as much as i dislike sld on basic principles , it 's very useful to have them discouraging many potential left-wing voters . 
  i hope miller will stay in politics until his 100th birthday . 
  in polish you stress the penultimate syllabe , unless it 's an exception ( like some loan words or conditional forms of a verb ) . 
  that does n't mean we can not whine about how they used to be and how we were fucked over after the ww2 . 
  also , no one in poland would want to `` regain '' some worthless nowadays lands , 4 times poorer than the poorest parts of poland . 
  well , the only stories about lithuania in polish media are when they go full belarus on our minority . 
  and yet they are still more polish than many polish americans . 
  after so many years of separation from the rest of the nation it would be weird if they spoke tv polish . 
  ( in this comment i pretend that i have n't gotten your shitty joke , so you can respond with `` whoosh '' and gain all that sweet , sweet karma ), 
   funny part that there is a problem , because i did not understand your comment on `` well enough '' . 
  it would be weird for someone speaking polish , educated in poland and consumming polish culture to call himself `` lithuanian '' . 
  for someone speaking polish and lithuanian , educated in lithuania and consumming lithuanian culture - not at all . 
  i do n't exactly know where exactly you stand on this one , hence the `` well enough '' remark on my part . 
   i am sure we both agree , more ethnically centered republic of lithuania is a result of failure in lietpol relationships yeah , the issue i have in both this discussion , and most of other discussions i had with lithuanians is that it did n't make much sense for a more ethnically centered republic of lithuania to still claim * non-ethnically lithuanian * wilno in the interwar , and bypassing this inconvenience by fictionally assuming it was the ethnically lithuanian city of vilnius merely * occupied by poland * all along . 
  mentioning the connection with old grand duchy surely makes a convenient claim , but clashes completely with this vision . 
  edit : tried to make more sense from that abstruse sentence, 
  thanks , that 's the first response that actually sheds some light on the situation , instead of just saying `` it is this way in lithuania because that 's the law there '' or some other unrelated vague comment . 
  while in my opinion it does n't make the situation more * acceptable * , it definitely makes it easier to understand why it currently looks the way it looks like . 
  it 's sad that the political representation of our minority in your country is funnelled by some populist moron . 
  while i 'll admit i indeed feel like a jew during the pogrom in this particular comment train , among many replies i have gotten nobody seemed to even * want * to satisfactorily explain to me why it 's perfectly alright and normal for finland to have some swedish street signs , for poland to have some german street signs , for slovenia to have some italian street signs , for spain some to have galician and catalan street signs , but it 's something worth of a nazi and last scum to merely * ask * why similar situation is impossible in lithuania . 
  no , there was need for some `` stupid polish nazi xd where are the wilno '' scapegoat and i seem to have fulfiled this role perfectly , despite my views being nothing like that . 
  it always hurts when foreigners criticize imperfections of your country . 
  guess i would dislike germans pointing out how barbaric it is that their minority in poland ca n't have street signs in their own language too . 
  if i met them , that 's it , because german minority in poland already has this right for many years .
