  enjoy your china-level air pollution . 
  and while krak\u00f3w centre is certainly in poland 's top3 , other than that it 's nothing special . 
   fuel is the same price . 
  there are some [ polish-owned gas stations in lithuania ] ( http://www.orlen.pl/en/company/orlenineurope/pages/orleninlithuania.aspx ) as well , and so is the only crude oil processing refinery in baltic states . 
  either way , we still win . 
  bonus points if you buy fuel on a polish-owned gas station as well . 
  the usual rule is that the burden of proof lies on the one who claims something , and not the one who denies it , but [ here you are . 
  actually , she already stated that it is her private opinion in the * original * statement . 
  nah , not really * evil * , more like lazy and uninformed . 
  as the saying goes , one should never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity . 
  in other news , water is wet . 
  seems that freedom of speech is already `` restricted '' in around half of europe then , where equivalent situations like for example holocaust denial are also illegal . 
   just as they did with limiting freedom of the press except no such thing happened . 
  and i do n't know what exactly your german press reported to make you think that , but it seems that in this case they did a pretty bad job out of it . 
   what 's your opinion on russian aggression around the world as of currently ? 
  russia 's trying to rebuilt the sphere of influence lost after their last empire collapsed 25 years ago . 
  which would be very dangerous were they still a superpower , but luckily they are not one anymore and their relative power will only decline further in the future . 
  it 's a bad strategic move for russia , as gaining crimea and one more exploitable frozen conflict in donbass is not worth permanently alienating ukraine , and reminding the rest of europe that we still need to be somewhat wary of russia and ca n't treat them like a normal european country , but as an erratic threat . 
   also , do you think russia is a threat to poland ? 
  russia has been incredibly consistent in being a threat to poland for the last 400 years . 
  right now , we managed to somewhat neutralize that threat by our nato membership , but you 'll never know . 
   sounds like you 're contradicting yourself . 
  not at all . 
  you see - nato is the good uncle america , protecting poland with all their military might against the evil russia trying to conquer us again . 
  on the other hand , eu is a foreign entity that barges into internal affairs of our country , and imposes their laws on us . 
  not exactly * my * opinion , but that 's how many would perceive it . 
   they call eu an `` occupation force '' but cozy up to nato . 
  not really that weird , considering that in polish perception nato = us army . 
  it kinda [ got different this year , to be honest . ], 
  ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/33/parlamentswahl_polen_2015_wahlkarte.svg/1280px-parlamentswahl_polen_2015_wahlkarte.svg.png )  what 's wrong with belgium ? 
  flanders is a dutch-speaking region , and wallonia is a french-speaking one . 
  how those two ended up being in a single country , rather than either two independent ones or parts of netherlands/france is a mystery that baffles everyone including inhabitants of belgium . 
  it appeared out of thin air in the mysterious time period between europa universalis and victoria , and remained there until current year because of inertia . 
  on [ elbe ? 
  ] ( https://bialczynski.files.wordpress.com/2009/12/slowianie.jpg ), 
   your collegue in this thread suggests a decent amount of people would n't want this change : yeah , it 's almost as if the people protesting now were different people from the ones who have voted for pis in october !, 
  and good riddance , as the current situation is overwhelmingly preferable to soviet quislings . 
   who could possibly have expected that electing crazy christians into a position of power could have any negative consequences everyone , including people who voted for them ( many of which may have voted that way partly * because * of pis 's stance on this issue ) ? 
  other than you having never cared even a little bit about polish politics until now , i do n't see why you would treat is as a * surprise * , as this is precisely the kind of policy that for many years was always loudly supported by the same people who voted for pis , and similar projects were proposed by pis in parliament many times back when they were in opposition ( and sometimes came rather close to passing even back then ) . 
  there wo n't be any logging in the part protected by national park , where bisons live . 
  not really , majority of `` prussians '' ( * prusacy * ) were german settlers and their descendants actually , as most of original baltic prussians ( * prusowie * ) were exterminated rather than assimilated . 
  the idea of a separate austrian national identity is a post ww2 invention , before that austrians considered themselves a subset of germans , no different from prussians or bavarians , or whatever other out of hundreds german countries . 
   making visually misleading captions and running commentary before the movie even begins hurts freedom of speech , it does n't hurt freedom of speech . 
  broadcasting the movie with , say , fake subtitles in hungarian also would n't hurt it . 
  broadcaster 's freedom of speech is equally as important . 
   as if in front of your post created a caption saying `` disregard their opinion '' and make it a sticky . 
  i do n't see a problem here - the administrator responsible for such sticky would have every right to do so , as it 's his website . 
  and i would be free to look for some other website to write my posts if i did n't like it . 
   which may lead some to actually disregard it without even reading it and others to read it more critically than they would have . 
  well , freedom of speech applies to content providers as well . 
  they are free to influence the content they provide in whatever way they wish - unless of course the contract signed with the content creator states otherwise . 
   public broadcaster 's neutrality is an issue of freedom of speech . 
  public broadcaster 's neutrality is an impossible utopia . 
   when public media are biased towards one side , the responsibility to provide news would lie on private media , there are * no * unbiased media . 
  the closest to it would be raw content from press agency like pap , but even that is suspectible to manipulation by ommision . 
  the * clearly * biased media is actually a preferable alternative to * subtelly * biased media , as it encourages people to not rely only on one news source for their information . 
   without neutral public media you may not have freedom of speech , guess the `` freedom of speech '' has never existed anywhere then . 
   public media will support the government , while private media will support whoever will let them make even bigger profit , so it goes . 
   therefore meaning only one or two options have a right to be openly promoted , while others are dismissed as either against some ideology or do n't help the interests of the company . 
  you are free to start your own media outlet , if you do n't feel that the existing ones do a good enough job . 
  we 're going to overtake greece in raw gdp per capita the next year or in two years , and we already did so in gdp ppp per capita some time ago . 
  we also do n't have a quarter of workforce unemployed , and we do n't require bailouts to keep our country from going bankrupt . 
  a few years ago such situation would be absurdal indeed , but right now ? 
  not really . 
  well , i guess `` freedom of speech '' is severely limited each time i read wyborcza ( and i am an avid reader of it !, 
  ) , with their blatant explainations on how to think about matters they write about , meant to change perception on the events that occured . 
  no , the situation you described is actually the * embodiment * of freedom of speech - you can broadcast a movie raw , with 10-minute long commercial breaks each hour , or perhaps with a commentary praising its values , or criticizing its shortcomings . 
  the broadcaster is * free * to chose the way his programming is presented - and you are free to watch something else instead if you do n't like his offer . 
   especially if it 's done by a still public broadcaster , who especially should take neutrality seriously . 
  public broadctasters in our country were always very biased in one way or another , depending on which party took hold of them at the moment . 
  and depending on who you ask , they could try to be more neutral , or they could try to be even more biased , but neither has any connection with the issue of freedom of speech as there are dozens of other media outlets to chose from , each with their own biases . 
  were other press , radio and tv outlets prevented from holding their own critical discussion of the film , with whatever bias they liked ? 
  therefore , the * freedom * of press part remains unaffected . 
   you expect scientific analysis from that government ? 
  i expect extensive analysis being done before any sizable project starts to be implemented . 
  and i wo n't even ask what the stress on `` that '' is supposed to convey , as the level of competence in * this * government do n't seem to be significantly different from the norm so far . 
   wow , so convenient that we want to hear opinions of people that actually have experience in the matter !, 
  i believe that people working for national forests have enough experience in the matters regarding their very workplace . 
   but your example is really irrelevant my example is what over many years made me side against any ecologist concerns by default . 
   in case of logging it 's not about making it convenient for the people , it is either incompetence or few people trying to make some money on the side . 
  or both . 
  or neither . 
   any scientific analysis has been actually done ? 
  i do n't work there , so i have no way of knowing . 
  i 'd expect that there was , as it 's a quite sizeable endeavour . 
   by competent people ? 
  oh , that 's a very convenient discussion strategy , i guess i 'll start dismissing every attempt of torpedoing infrastructural projects by ecologists as `` based on research of incompetent people '' from now on as well . 
  it * is * , even if it 's not the * only * reason . 
  and frankly , unless they are planning to log down the part protected by * national park * - which they do n't - i would have nothing against it even if the only reason was getting a profit . 
  we 'll do everything to end this `` being mistakenly called eastern europe '' misunderstanding . 
  south america sounds like a plan . 
  forests get destroyed naturally from time to time , sure . 
  well , if they will also make a profit out of this on top of that , it 's even better . 
  it 's not like they are going to cut the most valuable part , quite the contrary . 
  from what i 've read there wo n't be any logging inside the bia\u0142owieski national park . 
  but then again , what * are n't * they protesting ? 
  it 's to prevent spread of woodworm infestation , so i 'd rather have us do some `` large-scale logging '' on areas that are not strictly protected anyway , than possibly have the entire forest devastated by parasites . 
  actually , economically-wise our soviet occupation regime was the * most incompetent * out of entire eastern bloc ( perhaps with exception of albania ) . 
  by the end of their rule in 1989 , we somehow managed to get poorer than bulgaria and on par with romania and ukraine , while we were more well-off than either of the three before the ww2 . 
  we do n't have abortion clinics .
