  it would be far easier to be elected in poland while saying `` we are neoliberals '' ( that 's how our current government got elected in 2007 ) , than while saying `` we are neosocialists '' ( good luck ) . 
  i do n't think it 's propaganda , i heard similar stories from family members who lived in parts of poland occuppied by ussr , though i think they involved stealing all taps from bathroom to get a mobile water source . 
   from the perspective of nazis , the molotov -- ribbentrop pact was n't created to start a war , but to ensure that stalin does not attack germany at a time when everyone was already expecting a war . 
  see how ridiculous you sound already ? 
  i wish i knew . 
  i ca n't really relate to any of the existing political parties in poland . 
  economically i tend to support free market , and see any unnecessary actions of the state in that regard negatively , as they tend to do more harm than good . 
  i guess i would be quite close to a libertarian ( or the mythical `` neoliberal '' ) though i 'm not against maintaining public education or healthcare system ( while private ones * tend to * be better , it 's necessary for everyone to have access to those services ) . 
  i hold the opinion that the more money is left in pockets of regular people instead of being inefficiently redistributed by the state , the better . 
  socially , i 'm moderately conservative ( so i do n't really see the current status quo in poland as something negative ) , i really dislike the ( fortunately still mostly unknown here ) sjw phenomenon , and having `` equality '' , instead of `` freedom '' as a foremost principle . 
   they ca n't just read marx i 've read a bit of marx ( you have to get to know your enemy after all ) . 
  some of his points made sense back in 19th century ( and were implemented almost everywhere soon after ) , the rest of it is delusional bullshit with no basis in reality and zero chances of successful implementation . 
   with eastern europeans i guess it has something to do with the fact we are the only ones around here who have any * actual * experiences with communism instead of merely using it as a wanking material . 
  also , finns calling poles `` eastern europeans '' , topkek . 
  if we are `` eastern '' , i guess you have to be far-eastern europeans then . 
   soviet communism has little in common a harry potter-themed park also has little in common with the descriptions found in books , as magic does not exist in real world . 
  soviet communism is actually not even the worst , as far as examples of trying to implement the communist fairytale in the real world go . 
  and it was in context of obama backing off on promises made to poland during bush 's administration . 
   see your society and sense of community start to degrade . 
  well , the damage 40 years of communism did to our society and `` sense of community '' was so severe it will probably linger until the next century , but our society is slowly recovering , thank you . 
   poland is `` improving '' right now * is * improving , without the quotation marks . 
  though it would be hard * not * to improve , as thanks to commies 25 years ago our economy was basically african-tier . 
   population pyramid turning around population pyramid already started turning around in late 80s . 
   you will become jaded like the rest of us that had to suffer under the new neo-con capitalists estonia is how finland would look like nowadays if instead of `` under capitalim '' you have suffered under communism instead . 
  i think i 'd gladly take your `` suffering '' anytime over the shit we had to endure . 
  dodgy implementation of a dodgy ideology . 
  right after you stop whining about `` muh \u017beligowski ` occupation ' '' anytime poles are reminiscing about the old wilno . 
  * foreign * occupation was what happenned to the city in 1939 . 
  congratulations on turning wilno into vilnius since then . 
  we did the same to stettin and a few other german cities , but at least we have the decency not to pretend they were under `` german occupation '' before they were changed into polish cities . 
   it was multicultural melting pot and centuries of this melting resulted in a city inhabited mostly by people identyfying as poles . 
  orginal inhabitants of the city ( and their descendants ) who have not left to poland after the ww2 ( most of them left ) are voting for waldemar tomaszewski 's party . 
   successor state of it we 're obligated to have the city into our hands ... which is another way of saying `` lithuanian imperialism '' . 
  precisely my point . 
  you felt obliged to take the city even if the only thing connecting it to your lithuanian speaking nation-state was long gone history . 
   that poland had inferiority complex to give up vilnius yeah , poland totally is the one with inferiority complex here . 
   had dignity to not accept nazi germany 's alliance on attacking you ... but then you accepted soviet union 's offer right after poland was beaten with open hands . 
   that 's what you believe most of my contacts with lithuanians regarding this topic so far left me with an impression that this is approximately everything an average lithuanian `` knows '' about this conflict . 
   vilnius was given to us back by the soviet union in exchange for soviet military bases in our territory ... so you * did * annex it after all , more so , you paid for it by letting the red army into your country . 
  was is worth it * so much * ? 
  ( though soviets would invent a different pretext to invade you anyway , and this way in a long run you got off the soviet union with a territorial gain ) . 
  also , `` back '' . 
   not because in favor of good relations between our countries , but because that was moscow 's project . 
  yedinstvo movement 's purpose was to keep lithuania in soviet union , the movement had the same opinion about poland too . 
  that 's why tomaszewski 's party is so pro-russian , they know they ca n't count on support from polish government which still wants to mantain good relations with lithuania , our nato and eu allies , despite immense ammounts of bad will on lithuanian side . 
  well , i doubt you would find any examples of vandalized bilingual street signs in lithuania , as your country is apparently so fucking special , they have never heard of this widespread in the rest of europe concept . 
  it 's hard to vandalize something that does n't exist . 
   i would love to hear about this `` evil poland out of the blue invaded purely lithuanian * vilnius * in 1920 :( ( '' . 
  that seems to be some kind of lithuanian dogma . 
  such a shame it has nothing in common with truth . 
  `` polish minority is such a pain , why ca n't they just stop being poles and start speaking lithuanian ? / we are a small nation so we have to protect our language , that 's why we are denying basic minority rights '' . 
  well , tough luck , you should have thought about it before annexing areas with a polish majority and negligible ammounts of lithuanians . 
   and what did poland do to improve relations ? 
  for starters , we gave the small lithuanian minority in poland the basic rights like ability to write their names in a correct way or having bilingual street signs in their region , which republic of lithuania keeps denying the much more numerous polish minority having misfortune of living there . 
  poland also completely ignored lithuania dismantling the [ polish autonomical region ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_national-territorial_region ) in 1991 , and sacrificed it in favour of good relations between our countries . 
   i 've seen people arguing with you multiple times as i happen to be quite interested in history , i want to understand lithuanian perspective on the wilno/vilnius conflict , because to my best knowledge it seems so ridiculous and self-contradicting i find it hard to grasp this is * what people in your country actually believe * . 
   came to conclusion that you either love to argue/troll i just hate seeing people perpetuating the same entirely false claims over and over again , so i feel urge to argue anytime i see it . 
  i indeed doubt i was able to ever convince any lithuanian nationalist , so it * is * kinda pointless , but then so is life . 
  what about residents * without * belgian citizenship ? 
  i 'm still waiting for any lithuanian historical revisionist to explain to me how claiming by * republic of lithuania * a city : 1 ) not controlled by it at any point even for one day since the republic of lithuania was proclaimed 2 ) with about 2 % of lithuanian population is anything but a perfect example of lithuanian imperialism . 
  i 've already had this discussion a dozen of times , and so far it never happenned . 
  in a land swap 50 years ago we gave czechoslovakia 11 square kilometers , they gave us back only 8 . 
  now we are finally getting the remaining three , so that swap is completed at last . 
  he 's not alone , i am ready to discuss about wilno in the interwar period and why poland had the strongest claim to it at the time as well . 
  ^ ( disclaimer : due to successful lithuanian recolonization of the city , i have no wish for the current city of * vilnius * to become a part of poland again . ), 
  lithuania ( 1919-20 , claiming majority-polish inhabited territory they were never in control of until soviets gave it to them in 1920 ) , ukraine ( 1918 , trying to take over the historically polish , polish-controlled and polish-inhabited city of lw\u00f3w , attempt was unsuccessful due to resistance of indigenous population ) and czechoslovakia ( in 1919 , sneakily invading zaolzie region awarded to poland after austria-hungary dissolved ) acted imperialistic in the interwar period as well . 
  everyone who just gained or regained independence acted pretty imperialistic in the interwar period . 
  i wish i was paid for expressing my genuine dislike of russia on the internet . 
   the soviets are at fault in that yes , and the soviet government ( or rather their russian successors ) is the one you should seek apology from , as they were the ones from whom the whole idea of `` let 's move poland 200km to the west and use eastern germany to pay poland for lands we took from them '' originated . 
  there were over million of poles forcibly resettled in a similar manner from former eastern poland annexed by ussr . 
   the polish government has offered no apology , still stands . 
  at the time deportations occured , the legitimate polish government was unfortunately still powerless on exile in london , where it had to remain until 1990 . 
  poland has as much in common with polish people 's republic as norway has with vidkun quisling 's government . 
  you forgot to quote more important part . 
   on 23 august 1953 , the communist people 's republic of poland under pressure from the soviet union announced it would unilaterally waive its right to war reparations from east germany on 1 january 1954 , with the exception of reparations for nazi oppression and atrocities . 
   west germany had n't paid reparations to non-jewish recipients for the damage inflicted in poland until the gierek-schmidt agreement signed in 1975 in warsaw , then it gave poland 1.3 bln dm . 
  those $ 525 billion or $ 640 billion in 2004 exchange values is estimated worth of damages inflicted by germany . 
  all we have seen of it was 1.3 bln dm supposedely given by west germany in 1975 . 
   sure as soon as we get stettin , danzig and the surrounding areas back ... sure thing , though i think you still would be several trillion euros in red even if we gave you our partial war compensation back . 
   i hope you see that arguments like this are leading nowhere i hope you 'll notice i 'm not the one who started talking about `` compensations '' in the first place . 
  has the german government given or even offered compensation for 6 million of polish citizens * murdered * by it during the ww2 , another several millions forcibly deported , destruction of almost all of polish industry , countless historical monuments and pieces of art , and most of our infrastructure including razing to the ground 90 % of warsaw in a planned demolition ? 
  well , we can talk about it right after that . 
  nah , soviet union did it only so they could justify grabbing half of poland to themselves by saying : `` you see , but we have given you those german lands that were yours in 13th century . 
  we are totally even now so do n't complain ! '' . 
  that was their * actual * justification , soviets did n't give a damn about who lived where 800 years earlier . 
   to taking oder has the new border but making an exception for stettin they also took the `` curzon line '' ( a concept ridiculed even by soviets at the time it was coined ) as the new border , but made an exception for lw\u00f3w , so it 's not like we got a net gain on those exceptions . 
  i hope all unprofitable mines will be privatized . 
  if the state-owned companies are unable to get a profit from literally digging valuable resources from the ground , maybe privately-owned companies will prove more competent in it . 
  because as of now , we are literally * losing * money on depleting our natural resources . 
  yeah , but even poland has more citizens than canada . 
  canada is not exactly the most populous nation . 
  \\  galicia is actually the biggest stronghold of pis \\  russian empire pis exclave around wroc\u0142aw is a rich copper mining area . 
  po exclaves are half of the cities over 100k ( warsaw and \u0141\u00f3d\u017a spill into their suburban areas ) , and powiats with lithuanian and belarusian minority in podlasie . 
  probably the reason why that border is not definded by a river , but by a line 20km to the west of the river . 
  the point of state-recognized marriage is to provide benefits for couples that are producing and raising future taxpayers , not to make people in long-term sexual relationships happy . 
  i wo n't mind poland becoming striped red-light blue at some point in the future , but hope we 'll never become dark blue on such map . 
  church does n't give a shit about harry potter . 
  i do n't know where you 'd get the notion that they would , but it 's an incredibly alien idea to me . 
   since 90s a lot of time has passed . 
  and indeed i think it 's slowly fading nowadays .
