   does that change ? 
  when we are talking about the period beyond the 14th century , it shifts the discussion back to the topic . 
  indeed , the irony of this is hillarious . 
  always puts a smile on my face on a lone occasion i think about lithuania or see a photo of wilno . 
  poland was the wealthy part , lithuania was always the poorer and less developed half . 
   it 's rulling class was pagan lithuanians . 
  ... who gradually became roman catholic poles after polish-lithuanian union . 
  their descendants either emigrated to poland , or stayed at home and are voting for tomaszewski 's party nowadays . 
  well , that area was a part of poland before the ww2 , and after the soviet invasion of poland in 1939 , the polish majority parts were divided evenly between belarusian and lithuanian ssrs by stalin . 
  thus , while it might seem that poles live on the border , actually the border was drawn there precisely because that 's where poles lived . 
  with the multinational medieval monarchy - grand duchy of lithuania , ruling class of which gradually assimilated to the polish nation to the point they ultimately became a part of it . 
   wykop is attended almost exclusively by a very specific demographic yes , the very same specific demographics which tends to visit reddit in countries where english-language internet is prevalent . 
   mainstream news portal 's comment sections nowadays are rarely visited by genuine posters i know . 
  still , even there there are some genuine comments, 
  neither , those people are called [ polish minority in lithuania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_lithuania ) and [ polish minority in belarus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_belarus ) nowadays . 
  comments on all major news portals ( except gazeta.pl ) , popular polish-language videos on youtube , entirety of wypok , offtopic forum discussions , comments on facebook , even chan threads . 
  out of those i frequent , the only two places on the internet discussing political matters where i see the prevalence of anti-pis sentiment are gazeta.pl ( and their outrage seems so orchestrated it 's hillarious to read , definitely among my favorite portals for entertainment values ) and / r/polska . 
   yeah , i 'm kinda lost why are we even talking about them . 
  well , the description in / u/invin0veritas 's post claiming there are no such countries was actually almost a perfect description of both of them , so i found it hard to resist commenting this way . 
  other than that , yes , i do realize that this particular example is a result of many convenient circumstances which would be hard to replicate in any other situation . 
  well , most of polish-language internet is pro-pis , let them have their one little corner as well :d, 
  are they `` single-nation states without natural resources yet with strong international position '' ? 
  yes they are . 
  lucky for them that they are strategically important enough for us to buff them up , i wish we had similar position . 
   you poles downvoting me are just kids that do n't understand anything and want to look progressive . 
  nah , they are just butthurt because they lost irl . 
  let them have their fun as well , it 's all they have left now . 
  yeah , poland was totally on par with bosnia , belarus or ukraine in , say , 2003 !, 
  oh , wait , the relative difference between our countries did n't really change since then . 
  interestingly enough , in 2004 - * before * we joined the eu - the gap between us and serbia , albania and macedonia was already quite wide , and in fact almost identical to the one existing right now . 
  try again . 
  it was n't better , but it was n't worse either . 
  having pavement on a backstreet renovated a few years earlier is surely nice , but not really something worth selling our sovereignity . 
  the exercise was to * find and name * such nations , not to divulge the method in which they achieved it . 
   27 years after the end of communism ? 
  better late than never . 
  and konstytucja was broken exactly how in this particular case ? 
  i am patiently awaiting that day . 
   make yourself a favor and try to find one country that is a single-nation country , and has no significant natural resources , which is a leading power in the world . 
  japan , south korea, 
   with no basis in law til [ * regulamin sejmu * ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/regulamin_sejmu_rzeczypospolitej_polskiej ) has `` no basis in law '' . 
  it 's not a derogatory word , it 's a completly neutral word to call a person of subsaharan african descent . 
  it definitely sounds better than another that could be used - * czarny * ( ` black ' ) . 
  we do n't need silly newfoundland in our glorious union !, 
  well , that party was n't * actually * left-wing either , more accurate description of their policy would be `` remnants of old soviet-era communist party focused solely on maintaining their corruption schemes and their grip on the country '' . 
  glad to finally see them gone . 
  since time immemorial ? 
  europe might be kinda * less * abroad than the rest of the world , specially since the eu accession , but it 's indubitably still abroad , and eu institutions are foreign institutions . 
   they did nothing for lgbt rights , nothing with the church and absolutely nothing with the social system well , as you know perfectly well , most of those issues are considered * fringe * in our society , indicated by the fact that the parties advocating them did n't even make it past the electoral threshold . 
  ` left-wing ' and ` right-wing ' are not universal labels but relative ones , and in current parliament it so happens that po are among the most * left-wing * parties . 
  what you call `` left '' , is actually * far-left * in * polish * political climate , even though in sweden or whatever other country with political climate shifted to the left when compared to poland , those issues would be likely deemed centre-left , or even centrist . 
  no government in polish history ever did , when taking the goalposts of your cheap sophism into consideration . 
  even the closest to unambiguous decision in recent history - the eu accession , was not voted for by more than half of society in 2003 referendum , not to even mention the current constitution , which back in 1997 was approved by mere 22 % of electorate - not even one in a four . 
  a common fallacy . 
  the fact that 19 % of voting-age citizens voted * for * the government does n't mean that the 81 % are * against * it . 
  indeed , some of those probably are , some support it despite not voting for them , and * most * do n't care one way or another . 
  he was the one the `` calling people negroes '' part in an original post referred to , and that happened while he was a minister in * po * government , despite your failed attempts in * both * of your posts to somehow make it about pis . 
  well , a prominent po member sikorski seems to be a ` pis supporter ' then . 
   and it brought us into eu no , it * happened to be ruling * when the eu negotiations were finalized , a huge chunk of ` bringing us to eu ' was done by the right-wing solidarity electoral action government between 1997 and 2001 . 
  po * was * ` left ' , by the current polish standards . 
  annualized gdp per capita growth between 1990 and 2007 . 
  whatever , you could cut their benefits and even send them all back for all i care . 
  it would actually do us a great favour , as our demographic stats could definitely use some improvement . 
   was replying to this . 
  no , you was whining that poland gets the most eu funds , and more so , acted as if that fact greatly surprised you . 
  such reaction would suggest that your geographical and historical knowledge is in a dire need of improvement . 
   i do n't see why we should be paying anything to be honest . 
  because the western european countries , including yours , decided that hastening the recovery of european countries devastated by soviet union would ultimately prove beneficial for everyone . 
  i do n't see myself as a european citizen either . 
  the per capita number is actually the most important thing here . 
  if you want to whine about extensive spending , instead of complaining that poland gets the most in absolute numbers , you should rather be outraged that the other 9 countries that also joined eu in 2004 when combined get * more * funds than poland , even though their combined total population is * lower * than the polish one . 
  in essence , if only all the other countries were as frugal as poland in absorption of eu funds , your country would be paying less . 
  poland receives lower amount of eu funds * per capita * than hungary , estonia , latvia , lithuania , slovakia and even * portugal * or * greece * . 
  of course that in * absolute * numbers we get the highest amount of eu funds , after all we are at least 4 times bigger than most of other net beneficiaries . 
  quality of wykop discussions is similarly mediocre to the polish-language part of reddit , the only difference between the two is the topic of circlejerk . 
   it does mean you have strong cultural ties . 
  well , i guess hungarians have * strong cultural ties * with ugric peoples living in siberia rather than with the rest of europe then , after all your languages are somewhat related as well . 
  polish comments in immigration threads do n't look any different from regular comments on major polish news sites , and tend to be more neutral ( as in - less hostile ) than those you would find on polish reddit 's equivalent , wykop . 
  indeed , left-wing poles tend to be really overrepresented on reddit . 
   a few bad government decisions away from open riots every country is , if you put it that way . 
  that 's precisely what i 'm talking about . 
  you just do n't understand the extent of damage inflicted , it 's not something you can fully recover from in mere * 25 years * . 
  though we are doing our best in that regard , as for the last 25 years we were growing [ almost as fast as humanly possible ] ( http://imgur.com/p42jmo7.jpg ) . 
  by now though , it still only got us halfway through , at best . 
  both factors were important , almost 10 % of polish pre-war population was jewish , that 's more than belarusians and lithuanians combined , and unlike them they in large part lived on areas still belonging to poland nowadays . 
   so why do all the non-homogeneous countries need to economically support poland ? 
  `` i am so uneducated , i have never heard about the post-ww2 soviet occupation of half of europe '' . 
  indeed , the * rural * population of the region remained mostly ruthenian/ukrainian , though the share of polish population steadily increased due to both natural assimilation process , and migration . 
  by 20th century ( until ethnic cleansing and deportations of poles in 1940s ) , it was an ethnically-mixed area somewhat resembling balkans in that regard . 
  the * urban * population of the ruthenian voivodship on the other hand , was predominantly polish , with significant jewish presence . 
  and yes , many of those poles could possibly have some lithuanian/ruthenian/jewish ancestors , but that did n't make them any less polish . 
   , it was burnt down and rebuilt during lev 's time , before poles took over . 
  sure , perhaps it was as well , but the last time the city completely burnt down in was 1353 , well after it became a part of poland , and it was rebuilt starting in 1356 as an entirely new city , one of the dozens of such founded throughout poland by the king casimir iii the great during his reign . 
  well , that `` majority ukrainian countryside '' ( ruthenian actually , the ukrainian identity did not exist for a few more centuries ) was an integral part of poland since 1340 , and was treated like any other area of our country . 
  it 's nothing unusual that in poland the newely founded ( or , like in lw\u00f3w 's case , re-founded ) cities were populated mostly by poles . 
  though ultimately fact that one of the most important polish cities happened to develop on areas which were not originally polish was indeed proven to be most unfortunate , after the six-century old lw\u00f3w was destroyed forever between 1944 and 1946 , and replaced by soviet-ukrainian l'viv . 
  those were still integral parts of poland and romania back then . 
  there were n't much `` natives '' to drive off to begin with , considering that the city was rebuilt from scratch as a polish city in 1300s after its earlier namesake was burned down by pagan lithuanians during one of their numerous raids on then-eastern poland . 
  it 's actually a pre-war building , the only one out of a long row of similar buildings that somehow managed to survive the 1944 razing of warsaw . 
  so am i. i would n't be so sure you 'll find 2/3 there either .
