   the values of western civilization - humanism , liberalism , the rule of law out of the three values you have mentioned only the last one is what i would consider an universal western value . 
   the eu is nowhere near that level , it 's less than 0.4 % . 
  it would be good if it stayed around that level then . 
  after all we would n't want eu to end up like lebanon . 
   it 's no harder to be scared of the euro than of the zloty . 
  people are always reluctant to change . 
  people would have to be scared of known and local z\u0142oty much more than to be scared of unknown and foreign euro to warrant such change . 
   not really because , again , the current stance of the uk with regards to the euro is n't based on particular events . 
  neither is the current stance of polish public opinion really . 
  it was very divided on that matter even before fiscal crisis , and the 2008 events only tipped the balance in favor of people favouring z\u0142oty . 
   and despite you claiming the zloty helped you survive 2008 , he sure seems to disagree with it . 
  did he ? 
  i though he have clearly said that `` the zloty fulfilled its goal in the time of that crisis '' . 
  the second part , which is the one you are referring to was `` should we have another typhoon in europe , similar to the one after the collapse of lehman brothers in 2008 , we would n't be able to survive '' , which are the words one would expect from a heavy supporter of euro adoption . 
   plus the fact you were planning to join in 2012 supports that indeed he 's right . 
  the fact that we were planning to join in 2012 indicates that 10 years ago there used to be support for adopting euro in poland . 
  nothing more . 
   point is despite you claiming support for the euro being political suicide , your pm sure doing it . 
  ... and his party is going to heavily lose the 2015 election . 
  and they try really hard to do n't openly claim support for joining ez in publications targeted for domestic audience . 
   any such abrupt change that affects the zloty in a negative manner , could trigger support for the euro . 
  i 'd say it would take hyperinflation to shift support heavily enough and had it happened , we would n't be allowed to join the eurozone in such circumstances anyway . 
   we 're going around in circles . 
  this is not true at all because unlike the uk and sweden , poland 's current stance results from a reaction to recent events , and as such is much more likely to change . 
  i would n't say it 's more likely to change . 
  convincing the population * for the second time * that perhaps euro is a good idea after all will be an extremely hard task for anyone attempting it in the future . 
  if it can happen in poland it can happen in sweden well enough . 
   exactly . 
  right now . 
  precisely . 
  i 'm glad we agree for once . 
   and major unforeseeable changes to global economy happen all the time . 
  so you are saying that there 's a chance that uk might join the eurozone after all ? 
   here 's what your pm had to say : what current government says in regard to euro adoption is not really relevant , because it 's extremely likely that the government will change the next year . 
  and position of the potential future government is heavily eurosceptic . 
  all i said that in forseeable future poland joining eurozone is about as likely as uk or sweden doing so . 
   and when i noted you were about to join , before so likely to join once all is more stable that 's now how it works . 
  since 2004 public opinions on euro have heavily shifted . 
  when we were about to join , public opinion was a bit in favour of joining ez . 
  right now , openly advocating joining the eurozone would be a political suicide for any party . 
  even the heavily europhilic ruling ^ ( ( though not for long ) ^ ) party avoids the topic even though just few years ago they were , exactly as you described , so eager to join that we were indeed about 2 - 3 years from it . 
  that wo n't happen anymore in current political climate - at least not until some major unforeseeable change happens to the global economy . 
   in other words , you appeared to be supporting a decision in the long term based only on a recent current event . 
  no , i supported that decision long before said event and for different reasons . 
  all i said was that very event was another thing confirming that my prior reluctance to changing pln to eur was a correct choice . 
   because context always changes , and if arguments on adoption are based on feelings about recent events then positions will change too . 
  precisely . 
  in current context joining the eurozone would be a grave mistake to our country . 
  if context changes ( polish gdp per capita becomes equal to the german one , and all the fiscal problems in eurozone are resolved ) i will be the first to support my country joining the ez . 
   i agree it has to be long term thinking , which is why talking about the recent crisis is pretty much irrelevant . 
  it 's relevant , as it shows that in case of crisis ( which is bound to happen from time to time ) it 's beneficial to have your own currency when compared to being a part of the ez . 
   your argument appears to be , it 's normal for currencies to fluctuate therefore any fluctuations are bound to be good . 
  my argument is that fluctuations in certain range are neither good nor bad , they just are a part of the system . 
  saying that `` we have to join eurozone , because our currency have weakened by 0,7 % today '' is something totally absurd to me and exactly what you have described as `` arguments on adoption based on feelings about recent events '' . 
   if anything would be a reason to believe you will adopt it . 
  how ? 
   this kind of short term thinking , and change of opinion depending on the present context , not adopting euro will be beneficial to poland both in short and long term context . 
  so i 'd say it 's actually a long term thinking as once you adopt euro , leaving it is near impossible . 
  and personally , i was against it even before the 2008 crisis . 
   if you wanted it weaker you would have chosen to weaken it beforehand . 
  [ oh , but that 's exactly what happened 5 years ago and what have saved our economy then . 
  ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=eur&amp;to=pln&amp;view=10y ) compared to that , current fluctuations are minor and are exactly what one would expect from a currency with floating exchange rate . 
   why ? 
  poland was meant to have adopted it in 2012 already . 
  it did n't because of all the eurozone trouble , thank god the eurozone trouble came before we have adopted euro , else we would n't have avoided recession . 
   but the plan has always been to do so as soon as the situation stabilises . 
  that 's the plan of the current ruling party . 
  which i do n't really see winning the next years elections . 
  quite the contrary , the elections are most likely to be won by a party that is anti-euro adoption . 
  and while they are mostly utter nutjobs about most issues , this is one of the few things where i agree with them . 
   poland 's currency weakened 0.7 percent today to trade at 4.1896 per euro as investors fled to haven assets . 
  weakened currency is good for exports . 
  z\u0142oty is already undervalued by about 20-25 % . 
  taken your pills today ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'll join eurozone right after uk and sweden . 
  then in us it 's pretty much the same as in poland though . 
  is the term `` socialist '' really not percieved negatively in the rest of europe ? 
  i reckon it has something to do with you littering the comments on this subreddit with your constant monotematic whining . 
  had intermarum succeeded in the interwar , europe would be a much better place . 
  given the geopolitics , we are natural allies . 
  current latvia is the same country as pre-1940 latvia , it was just occupied by ussr between 1944 and 1991 . 
  hence russians ( and other people ) who have immigrated to latvia in that period have no right to automatical latvian citizenship . 
  that 's how the international law works . 
  the metro stores are called makro in half of the countries . 
  probably that 's why not everyone recognizes it here . 
  what 's the * actual * difference between say some gays being attacked because they are gays and some football club supporters attacked because they are supporters of that particular club ? 
  why the punishment should be harder in the first instance instead of being equal ? 
  what should matter is that someone * was * attacked unprovoked , and not * what * could have been the attackers motives . 
  and while i kinda understand where are you coming from it still strikes me as putting rights of some people above the others . 
  is it still legal equality when some people are protected more from the same crimes ? 
  because it was not * the * parliament building , just the place where sejm of the commonwealth met , but it never was its primary purpose . 
  it 's the royal castle after all . 
  after we regained independence in 1918 it was decided to build a new sejm building , designed to host a parliament , which is the one we are still using today . 
  castle was completely destroyed by germans in 1944 along with most of the rest of warsaw , and was rebuilt in 60 's and 70 's . 
  now it hosts a museum . 
  that kinda proves the point though . 
  more hours worked per worker means that there are too few workers employed . 
  subscribed , did n't know about that subreddit . 
  from the way you describe it , seems like a good place for people who are not radical progressive liberals ( in the american meaning of the word ) . 
  [ you forgot poland .
