   soviet union was not seen - by the communists running it - as communist . 
  no , it was seen as a step on the eternal way to the ever elusive `` communism '' . 
  very convenient , as this way communism is never to blame , they just tried to achieve it * the wrong way * . 
   prior to the bolsheviks no communist theorists expected the forefront of the socialist revolution to be in russia . 
  which , if anything , says a lot about the communist theorists . 
   ( russia wa n't a developed country , but communism brought great growth there )  were scared shitless of the rapidity with which these once much poorer nations were industrializing . 
   and at any rate it 's never actually been attempted in a fully industrialized nation which , again , is the starting premise of the original theory . 
  czechoslovakia * was * a developed and industrialized country before the soviet occupation . 
  so was east germany . 
  you could argue hungary and poland were close to that level as well . 
  rapid growth ? 
  during the communist governance all those countries experienced a prolonged period of stagnation . 
  if only all socialists were like that - a lot of bad things in history ( including all socialist regimes ) would be avoided . 
  sure , advocate all you want , talk is free and mostly harmless . 
   yes . 
  i mean first of all i did n't start out a communist and i certainly did n't get any encouragement that direction for the first uh , 26 , 28ish years of my life . 
  i sincerely sympathize with your condition then . 
  i would understand if you never grew out of your communist phase in the youth , but to become one * later on * ? 
  that 's truly a great misfortune . 
   my considered opinions of what 's possible and what 's necessary for the maximum good of society . 
  i guess the ` possible ' part of this consideration was done rather half-assedly . 
   your idea of communism seems to be basically the ussr . 
  no , my idea of communism is `` every time it was taken out from ivory towers of communist thinkers to the real life '' . 
  not a bad ( though still , i would never want to live in such society ) idea in theory , absolutely disastrous in practice . 
  some rebellous polish noble ? 
  sure , this one was remembered because his rebelion was right before russia and sweden plundered our country , and is a good place to put as the start of the century long turmoil that pittied the commonwealth , but other than that he was nothing special as there literally were dozens of various rokoszes , konfederacjas and other rebelions in the pre-partition poland . 
  have you ? 
  seeing that you still label yourself a `` communist '' , i do n't think so . 
  communist ideology itself ? 
  not explicitly . 
  though it 's a logical conclusion of trying to implement the communist ideology in the real world , as the only way to achieve the communist society is to get rid of all non-communists ( and all communist heretics who dare to follow a different branch of communism ) , who tend to form a rather large portion of any society . 
   suddenly i do n't think you are a frequent visitor on this sub if you think that , as each time some country bans communist/nazi/fascist / other murderous totalitarian organizations , symbols and propaganda it 's generally percieved rather positively here , and it 's not a recent change , but it always has been like this here . 
   think the means of production should be controlled by the workers via co-operatives , then perhaps make * your own * means of production , and then control them together with your likeminded buddies in your own personal co-operative . 
  nothing in the current system forbids you from doing so . 
  just please , do n't try to force it on everyone else because it generally tends to end rather badly . 
   it is n't neccesarily comparable to nazism . 
  yeah , it 's indeed even worse in many aspects . 
   i 'm literally a communist . 
  i 've already met reactionary supporters of feudal system and absolute monarchy so i should n't really be amazed by that , though still , seeing someone labeling himself a `` communist '' in * 2015 * brings similar `` what year is it ? '', 
  reaction , albeit considerably more negative . 
  so , how exactly does it feel it to be a supporter of the outdated , flawed and internationally compromised totalitarian ideology responsible for the highest ammount of suffering in the history of mankind ? 
   how is communist propaganda , which is pro-equality yeah , communist propaganda is pro-equality as it promotes killing everyone equally , regardless of their race - in stark contrast to the nazi propaganda , which promotes killing of only certain groups of people . 
  soviet union was n't the most prosperous country of the commie bloc either , but it does n't mean they were n't screwing everyone else over really hard in order to change that situation . 
   like preferences for people from former colonies well , this one also apply to ukrainians in poland . 
  yes , reddit is totally not left wing , that 's also why / r/politics is predominantly republican , why the concept of welfare state is unanimously ridiculed on every single occasion , why every voice even remotely voicing support for abortion or opposition to the traditional values is being downvoted to oblivion , and why each time some country passes a gay marriage legislation there 's a site-wide mourning . 
  another post with a colorful map under which we can have a completely predictable discussion . 
   well , maybe , just maybe because the germans brought total destruction to the city and burnt it to the ground ? 
  well , russians are seen as those who sat on the other bank of vistula , refused to provide any help - not even airstrips , and observed with big grins on their faces how germans are perfectly playing into their plans and destroying both the home army and warsaw itself with their own hands , so i doubt there 's much difference in how both groups are percieved . 
  soviet occupation of the baltic states ended 24 years ago . 
  seems that the world finally partially recognized the wrongfulness of the ribbentrop-molotov pact : ddd, 
  yes , that 's exactly what 's so enraging about that , doing all these atrocities while still pretending that `` we are freeing you !, 
   being cruel as they were , decided that killing the national elite was the best way to combat nationalism . 
  that 's precisely one of the reasons why soviets were hardly any better than nazis - both really liked to murder large groups of innocent people selected for completely arbitrary reasons . 
  for example in this case , they decided it was the best way to `` combat nationalism '' , and in another case nazis decided that holocaust was the best way to `` combat international jewry '' . 
  as it was the exact same source you have already linked , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_poland_ ( 1939 % e2 % 80 % 9345 ) , linking to it twice would be superfluous . 
  and nearly one in five poles from areas of poland occupied by ussr was deported to the far east during the * two * year occupation , with about 30 % death toll . 
  on top of that soviets * executed * merely a hundred thousand or so poles , including 20k of polish intelectual elite . 
  the fact that anyone would argue one occupation was better than another indeed seems sort of weird . 
   unless you were a jew and they would kill you on the spot or drag to a concentration camp . 
  well , and if you were a pole on areas of poland occupied by soviet union in 1939 they would also kill you or drag to siberia/kazakhstan so it 's not like the situation was significantly different . 
  actually , in the 1939-1941 period , it could easily be argued that soviet occupation was more harsh for * ethnic poles * than the german one . 
  germans made up for the difference in the later period where they were the only occupant left though . 
  ... and the most important part was that unlike soviets , nazis at least were open about their intentions and never pretended to be anything other than enemies . 
  if we do , nobody ever told me and they do an amazing job hiding it from general public because water appears to be ordinarily abundant . 
   less funnier than polish hehe . 
  for poles , you literally sound like small kids trying to form their first sentences - with hilariously cute results . 
   ` z ' is like ` h ' in english digraphs like sh , ch or zh . 
  ... but if it 's * not * after `` d '' , `` s '' , `` c '' or `` r '' , it 's just a normal letter z. 
  and sometimes it 's just a normal letter z , even if it 's after one of those four letters , like in `` marzn\u0105cy '' , `` nadzwyczajny '' , `` ekszapa\u015bnik '' or `` zmierzi\u0107 '' , you are never safe . 
  the way in which he mixes english with polish prepositions and perfectly timed `` kurwas '' here and there is what truly makes this video a masterpiece . 
  i was almost certain you were going to post this [ timeless classic . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ofho3fgaulm ), 
   countries like belarus/poland/russia is this some kind of those [ `` one of these things is not like the others '' ] ( http://youtube.com/watch?v=ect-kgxbb4m ) games ? 
  apparently swathes of shitty commieblocks around the regular european city center count as such . 
  at least that 's how most cities in poland look like , not sure about hungary or czechia . 
  well , to be honest half of the `` z `` s are de-facto diacritical marks pretending to be letters . 
  that 's the legacy of the old spelling used in 15-16th century , and it never got changed because everyone got used to it and it would be too much hassle ( and thanks to it , texts in old polish are still mostly readable to everyone ) . 
   the `` free '' city was a satellite of poland and under its direct control . 
  with german-speaking gda\u0144skers ruling everything , german language being an official one , the freedom of movement and all . 
  terrible , terrible opression indeed , but if poland pulled all the strings there how comes nsdap ruled the city since 1933 ? 
   refuse to acknowledge when they did the exact same things . 
  you are still yet to acknowledge anything even remotely falling into this category , so if even you with your clear anti-polish agenda failed to produce any such argument , i see no reason for specifically doing it myself . 
  though from your previous posts i reckon you are rather dense , i 'll admit that . 
  except for the fact that we were n't even given any parts of * actual * prussia , in versailles , just majority polish/kashubian parts of pomerania that belonged to poland before 1772 , and gda\u0144sk was n't a part of poland after the ww1 either , but a league of nations mandate . 
  [ or perhaps you suspect the german census of 1900 for having anti-german agenda ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/sprachen_deutsches_reich_1900.png ) see how your worldview falls apart because of your basic gaps in historical knowledge ? 
  the other part of my logic was that the area also had a polish ethnic majority , so no , i do n't think great poland and eastern pomerania ( please , do n't use these ridiculously artifical german names ) would qualify here . 
  and seeing as they were before that taken by prussia from poland , the former in 1815 and the latter in 1772 , the great poland uprising of 1919 merely returned those lands to the rightful in all regards ( historical belonging , ethnic composition ) owner , which indeed was confirmed at versailles . 
  well , from the tone of your previous reply i reckoned that was the case , so the more i am surprised by your surprise . 
  did ukraine also sneakily invade the russian crimea in 1996 , while russia was busy defending against china ? 
  because then your analogy is excellent . 
  you could title this post `` til that in 1919 czechoslovakia invaded and annexed part of poland '' , as it 's clearly mentioned two paragraphs earlier in the very article you have linked , but it would n't have the same ring to it , would n't it ? 
  well , considering that germany ( or rather prussia ) were the ones responsible for such situation in the first place , as they conquered the core areas of poland ( inhabited by poles , who would have thought ! ), 
  not that far back in time , i would n't say the situation is really that comparable with gypsies who never had any state in europe and just wandered here in small groups from india 500 years ago . 
   didnt care about colonies well , you already had parts of poland you were intensively trying to colonize without much success so i can see where he was coming from . 
  i guess not many people in congo are fond of leopold ii either . 
  it does n't make any difference , bismarck still was an a-class cunt regardless of his motives . 
  actually , in early 1919 wilno also was controlled by poland . 
  the first time the republic of lithuania ever was in control or the city was in summer of 1920 . 
  [ for reference ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vilnius#in_poland ),
