   i really do n't see the connection here . 
  i do n't see any connection of chmielnicki 's revolt to ukrainian nationalism either . 
  throughout history of commonwealth there were many rebelions of prominent nobility members like chmielnicki and underpaid military units like registered cossacks , and this one just happened to combine both elements to be the biggest of them . 
   maybe it was n't the only reason of polish partitions , but definetely a huge factor . 
   you know , if someone keeps vetoing any reforms , that causing the politics to go stagnant . 
  and you ca n't afford having stagnant politics in dangerous times . 
  actually , the partitions happened * the moment * poland started to extensively reform its system according to the principles of enlightement . 
  had poland * remained * stagnant back then , the status quo would likely be maintained at least until the napoleonic wars , and if poland made it until that moment , it 's rather likely that we would survive all the way until ww1 as well . 
  not really , the 2013 sejm recognised it only as an `` ethnic cleansing bearing the hallmarks of a genocide '' , in contrast this one for the first time outrightly called it a genocide . 
  the metric of  `` villages were torched . 
  roman catholic priests were axed or crucified . 
  churches were burned with all their parishioners . 
  isolated farms were attacked by gangs carrying pitchforks and kitchen knives . 
  throats were cut . 
  pregnant women were bayoneted . 
  children were cut in two . '', 
  ( norman davies )  `` ukrainian partisans burned homes , shot or forced back inside those who tried to flee , and used sickles and pitchforks to kill those they captured outside . 
  in some cases , beheaded , crucified , dismembered , or disemboweled bodies were displayed , in order to encourage remaining poles to flee '' ( timothy snyder )  `` the method used in most of the attacks was the same . 
  at first , local poles were assured that nothing would happen to them . 
  then , at dawn , a village was surrounded by armed members of upa , behind whom were peasants with axes , hammers , knives , and saws . 
  all the poles encountered were murdered ; sometimes they were herded into one spot , to make it easier . 
  after a massacre , all goods were looted , including clothes , grain , and furniture . 
  the final part of an attack was setting fire to the village . 
  [ 104 ] in many cases , victims were tortured and their bodies mutilated . 
  all vestiges of polish existence eradicated with even abandoned polish settlements burned to the ground . 
  [ 54 ] '' ( piotr \u0141ossowski ) sounds rather bad even in comparison with what gestapo did . 
  giedroy\u0107 doctrine got rather outdated during the last two years , as now ukrainians have more than enough of their own reasons to dislike russia , and they do n't need our encouragment anymore . 
  if in their pursuit to becoming the poorest country in europe they want to keep glorifying the oun-upa criminals , they can do so without our support . 
  it 's not like they will stop being our buffer state and return to the russian sphere of influence only to spite us anyway . 
  at last . 
  i 'm astonished it took so long . 
  we were already 3 times richer than ukraine when we joined the eu in 2004 , and our gdp growth rates [ did not change in any significant way after joining , ] ( http://wykresygieldowe.bblog.pl/i/blog/users/2841/files/image/1120061-produkt-krajowy-brutto-wzrosl.jpg ) so i do n't think so . 
  same here . 
  perhaps not a * religious * one , but it still was a fucked-up totalitarian regime , which is * at least * as bad . 
  france perhaps ( though i 'm not entirely sure either ) , but no , i do n't have much confidence that germany would back us up in any significant way in case things went really wrong . 
  you ca n't trust your allies to have your back when their military spending is way lower than agreed goal either . 
  we have snow and negative temperatures across entire country almost every year , sometimes lasting for several months . 
  that counts as winter i guess . 
  ski resorts are all in the south because that 's where mountains are . 
  if great majority of inhabitants of former kingdom of two sicilles are unhappy about being a part of italy and would rather have their independent kingdom back - to the point of conducting mass armed uprising against the italian authorities once every few years , then it certainly is . 
  then again , from the * german * view the 1939-45 period was an annexation , and not occupation as well . 
  the topic was `` how eastern europe commemorate ww1 '' , and in our case * we * commemorate it as the end of 103-year long ( or 146-year long in case of some areas like galicia or pomerelia ) * occupation * of poland . 
   if i beat you , you can say it was not a defeat , because you were not really playing . 
  but it was a defeat . 
  it * was * regarded as a great defeat by poles , just not a permanent one we would never recover from . 
  though it took way longer than anyone expected . 
   it is probably a more politically motivated move . 
  of course it is , terms are used `` wrongly '' for that reason all the time , and so did i in my original post . 
  partitions were regarded as an unwanted foreign occupation by the polish population living at the time , even if this unjustified foreign occupation was officially affirmed by the congress of vienna . 
  it continues to be seen that way to this day around here . 
   ww2 had taken 100 years , then people would not use the term occupation probably . 
  the baltic states use the term `` occupation '' in regards to the 1940-1991 period all the time . 
  * ironically * , most of `` eastern europeans that are some of the most xenophobic people here '' did not emmigrate anywhere and stayed home , therefore they obviously do n't care one bit about that . 
   ( wiki : `` occupation is distinguished from annexation by its intended temporary nature . '' ), 
  areas of poland taken over by germany during ww2 were intended to be taken over permanently , not temporarily , yet the term `` occupation '' is used in regards to them . 
  same in regards to partitions , partitions just lasted 17 times longer . 
  decisions at the congress of vienna were made without us . 
  and even then , the autonomy of post-congress `` kingdom of poland '' was not respected by russia at all , and especially after the 1830-31 polish-russian war lost by us one could say this area was occupied by russians . 
  in poland , ww1 is mostly seen as an event that luckily lead to collapse of all three empires occupying our country and allowed us to regain our independence . 
  the subsequent 1919-1921 [ polish-soviet war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93soviet_war ) ( which we won ) is commemorated on a much bigger scale though , and plays a way more important role in our national consciousness . 
  last paragraph aside , at least 4/7 of this list would make it into the list of polish national heroes as well . 
  that would be anarchism , not libertarianism . 
  libertarianism includes a non-aggression principle and property rights . 
  only on your property though . 
  that 's a lie as well , actually only 22 % of poles supported the new constitution back in 1997 , and the rest either voted against it , or did not vote . 
  it 's also important to note that it was written during the period when sld , the direct successor of commies , was in power . 
  keyword here is * 2010 * . 
  remember that until 2010 , lech kaczy\u0144ski still was a president , and through that position pis still held 2/5 of krrit . 
  most of the remaining non-pro-po programming ( other than a token pospieszalski 's show ) was removed soon after komorowski became a president , and thus po gained full control of the public media . 
   no point since 1989 public media in poland were as biased as now . 
  not even close . 
  tvp right before the last elections was pretty comparable in my opinion , though i do n't really watch tv often so maybe i was just unlucky and each time i turned the tv on back then i just happened to stumble upon some incredibly biased pro-po/anti-pis material . 
   newscasts are now unapologetically pro-government . 
  that sounds like every tvp newscast i 've seen since i can remember , regardless of which party happened to be in charge at the moment . 
   do you even news ? 
  are you living in a cave ? 
  i do . 
  in fact , i mostly consume left-wing and liberal media , as their biases tend to go against mine and this way i avoid being intelectually lazy . 
   dismantling a body that is meant to keep government in check is not changing the democracy ? 
  the body that was critically flawed by design and in fact effectively dismantled by a mere virtue of one party ruling for a period longer than one term ? 
  i happen know a lot about the polish institutional system , and i was never a big fan of it to be honest . 
  hopefuly the current power struggle mercilessly showing its flaws and holes will be an impulse to finally reform it . 
   jesus christ , how can someone claiming to be educated spewing this bullshit . 
  wait till you hear that i was educated in a field quite closely connected with the matters we are discussing right now . 
   course , we have manipulated media , all media are manipulated in one way or another , and always were . 
   our justice minister was appointed attorney general ( which was a bad idea even years ago ) , and which is exactly how it was in poland until 2010 , and is nothing extraoridinary . 
   massive installation of pis people on every stage of government spoils system . 
  which happens to be system used by every polish administration so far . 
  wake me up when something changes . 
   are you fucking blind ?!, 
  quite the contrary , i simply see that there 's not much beyond the exaggerated propaganda narrative in some segments of media i got rather immunized to throughout many years of consuming them . 
   dismissing the state of your education . 
  oh , so you actually * were * using an ad hominem argument back there ? 
  i supposed so , but still offered you a choice to save face . 
   to be `` educated '' and to say that you do n't care about the state of democracy in youre country is an oxymoron to me . 
  the state of `` democracy '' in our country did not change in any significant way within the last few years , therefore i do n't have anything to care about in that regard . 
   not that educated , it would seem . 
  i realize that in big picture even the best of polish universities are rather bad , but to completely dismiss them in a way you did is a rather radical view i would disagree with . 
  i do n't think so , they seemed to be rather content with their echo chamber the last time i checked . 
  i 've talked to some people about it , as well as i observe my acquaintances , and if i had to take my own personal experiences for accurate representation of society , it would be : great majority not caring , significant minority somewhat supporting the changes ( even if it 's only because they do n't like the opposition even more than they do n't like the current government ) , and only a handful expressing being `` angry '' in any meaningful way .
