  that said , do n't expect the eu to survive such move uncripped . 
  the video is filmed along the marsza\u0142kowska street , which is next to the parade square where the anti-refugee demonstration started . 
  the advancement of buildings under construction in the background , along with the weather suggest that the video was filmed today . 
  moreover , the participants of the demonstration are shouting anti-immigration and anti-government slogans . 
  i fixed the link , though i 'll look for a non-mobile version if it keeps redirecting . 
  the pro-refugee protests were at least an order of magnitude smaller than the anti-refugee ones . 
   thats fine , we dont want poles in uk to terrorise our lives too . 
  they can lick off back to where they came from if they behave like this to immigrants considering that poles who * stayed * in poland ( coincidentally , those are the ones pictured on the video ) would also like our emmigrants to return , i completely fail to see this `` irony '' you are talking about . 
  yes , he said that referring to polish government negotiating the missile shield bases in poland for years with bush administration , and then obama coming and scrapping the project after everything was already agreed . 
  that 's the context in which `` polish-american alliance is worth nothing '' words indeed seem most suitable . 
  that said , it 's still the only alliance we have . 
  yeah , it would be nice if ` warsaw ' finally lost its shitty connotation in international relations . 
   why would you need nato bases in poland ? 
  why would n't we ? 
  what 's the point of being in a military alliance , when you ca n't even invite your allies to your country because some other `` allies '' keep preventing it ? 
   anything , the ukraine example should have showed you that reckless expansion of nato exactly , the ukraine example only shows that they were too slow to join nato when it still was easy , and that was their undoing . 
  also , `` expansion '' my ass , we 've already been in nato for 16 years and are exactly as much a member of it as any other one . 
   building just more threats `` if you 'll ever be stupid enough to attack poland , keep in mind that you 'll fight not only the polish troops , but also american and other nato ones '' . 
  oh my , such threats . 
   not exactly easing the relations unless russia plans to get the fuck out of ukraine , there 's no easing the relations . 
  period . 
  russia must be contained before it becomes a nuisance again , not pat on the back . 
   what polish hawks want . 
  the only thing `` polish hawks '' want is having our country , as well as all the other countries in the region , free of russian meddling . 
  if you read his other posts , you would find out that * to a holocaust scale * is exactly what he claims . 
  well , bad for her i guess , as most of the jewish girls harbored by poles throughout the war were n't regularly raped . 
  around 5-10 % of polish jews survived the war , mostly thanks to the extensive rescue actions of the polish resistance , or the fact that they were serving in polish army units that managed to escape the country to fight on the other fronts of ww2 . 
  the rest were sadly exterminated by the nazi germany . 
   obviously , since the jews are still around . 
  well not the polish jews as those * were * exterminated - in the german holocaust . 
  and , coincidentally , the pogroms were not what caused the eradication of polish jews . 
  see above . 
  tiresome circle all along . 
  yes , and those were seldom , low-scale criminal acts , which were n't endorsed by the polish authorities , and probably affected around several thousand people when counting all of them combined . 
  not , as you claimed , systemic extermination or eradication of jews in poland , as that was caused by the german actions during the ww2 . 
  this dialogue is moving in a rather tiresome circle indeed . 
   no , i 'm blaming poland for systemic persecution and eradication of polish jews that happened independent of the holocaust . 
  well , then you are blaming poland for something that never happened , and you are making an idiot out of yourself all over this thread . 
  there was no * eradication * nor * extermination * of jews in poland that would happen independent of holocaust . 
   you 're blaming the jews for the holocaust ? 
  well , you were blaming poland for the holocaust . 
  it was hard to top it with something even more absurdal . 
   anti-semitism was at an all time high in europe at the turn of the century and poland , with the largest diaspora apart from germany was no saintly exception . 
  and it so happened that the largest jewish diaspora in the world , the one in poland , was eradicated not because of occasional small-scale acts of violence ( which were n't endorsed , but condemned by the polish state ) , but by actions of the third german reich during their occupation of our country . 
  the pogroms were not an official policy of the republic of poland - quite the contrary , they were treated by it as a criminal activity . 
   yes , the jews offed themselves in poland . 
  sounds legit . 
  well , if you count the * ww2-era poland * among the `` preparators '' of holocaust , then jews with their j\u00fcdischer ordnungsdienst and sonderkommando would surely also make the cut , right ? 
  til the ww2 and holocaust took place in 19th century . 
  in the republic of poland , and as an official action of it , and all that despite the little known fact that by an odd quirk of history republic of poland happened to not exist as a country at the moment back then . 
  tell me more , tell me more , were there polish death camps in your story as well ? 
   do n't feel that germany is the one `` burying the eu '' at all , and i am not german . 
  you are free to think whatever you wish , but from my perspective trying to force and blackmail other countries into accepting , as you yourself mentioned , * unpopular * plans ( which coincidentally tend to benefit germany immensely and closely suit their policy ) would be best described as `` burying '' . 
   for the fairly enthusiastic participation in their genocide . 
  ^ [ citation ^ needed ], 
  we need to balance * both * russia and germany , so i guess it would be rather counter-productive . 
  perhaps the fact that germany seems quite focused on burying the eu lately could serve as a hint . 
  not to even mention germany blocking nato bases in poland each time they become even a distant possibility . 
  i 'm even more for refusing quotas by us then , it 's not like they are going to poland ( or through poland ) anyway . 
  natemat.pl is a portal well-known in poland for its leftist bias , so i doubt they would publish `` made-up right-wing bullshit '' . 
  turning lithuania into the girls-only country in process , how sneaky of you . 
  he meant that the party in general is like a more catholic version of orban 's party ( though i personally consider orban to be a bit more centrist ) . 
  as for their stance on refugees , i would describe it as mildly reluctant . 
  they certainly wo n't support any refugee redistribution quotas , especially as they would consider it to be showing weakness in face of the german blackmail . 
  it 's not an * opinion * , it 's one of the basic legal rules on which the european civlisation was built . 
  well , considering that `` we 'll make our emigrants return to poland '' was always an important point in every electoral campaign since 2004 regardless of party affiliation , i 'd say it would hardly be as unpopular as you are trying to make it be , quite the contrary . 
  we 'll see in a few weeks when at least several countries will refuse them . 
  usually , when the countries being parties of the treaties do n't want to follow them anymore for whatever reason , they agree to modify them . 
  treaties are not set in stone , they can ( and should ) be changed whenever it 's convenient to the parties . 
  yeah , europe starting to act like all the other countries in the world , literally doomsday . 
  yeah , or if netherlands , luxembourg and belgium made their own little club , or perhaps sweden , denmark and finland did so . 
  i have terrible news for you . 
  other way around , mate . 
  germany does * not * have a maritime border with uk and sweden , at most their exclusive economic zones border themselves . 
  eez are * not * counted as a part of country 's territory though , they are parts of open sea with a special status . 
  the lines displayed on this map are borders of territorial waters , which are usually around 12 nautical miles from the coast , and are an entirely different thing . 
   what 's it based on ? 
  slovakia used to be upper hungary since the medieval times until 1918/20 , and when they were drawing its borders in trianon they ventured a bit too far into ethnic hungarian area . 
  he is a professor of politics , not a politician . 
  well , i guess joke 's on you then , as it seems you have spent all those sweet sweet monies for nil . 
  noone naive would . 
  you guys are certainly working hard lately in order to destroy every last bit of the good image germany has managed to build in poland ( and indirectly spent billions of euro in process ) throughout the last 10 years . 
  ok mate , i do n't consider po to be a right-wing party either , but from his post i reckoned that he certainly would . 
  they are a member of epp after all . 
   especially the comment about republicans , lol , i chuckled republicans would be a bit to the right from pis on social issues , and a bit to the left from korwin on economical issues . 
  that would be absolutely nothing unusual in polish politics . 
  other than those two points , i do n't see anything else that could be considered to be `` wrong '' , or `` detached from reality '' on first glance so i 'd be glad if you cared to share your wisdom and enlighten me . 
  maybe the reality in lower silesia is this much different than in warsaw after all , who knows ? 
   hey 'd be doing without those eu billions , either despite popular opinion , we were n't a barren wasteland before 2004 . 
  the free eu monies are a nice thing , sure , but nothing essential to our economy . 
   is just a common right-wing guy as every country has who luckily has no support . 
  all the various right-wing parties regularly win around 90 % of total votes in polish parliament . 
  most of them are not * that * right wing as the guy in video though , he is a leader of a small ultraconservative-ultralibertarian party balancing on 5 % electoral threshold . 
  we also have the parliamentary elections next month , so it 's all a part of the electoral campaign . 
   serious question : if you see the majority of western europe as `` left-wing pussies '' , are you interested in orienting more towards russia ? 
  seems to fit your political view a bit more ? 
  * cough * united states * cough * and yes , american politics seems much more `` normal '' than western european one from around here - even republicans would be just a regular right-wing party ( even if with a bit radical economical programme ) and would feel like at home . 
  ron paul would never call anyone `` human trash '' . 
  other than the overdone `` human trash '' rhetoric which would be recieved as very impolite , i would say that this particular video would be rather close to how a popular opinion on this particular issue looks like in poland . 
  he is not liked by me as well , that makes at least two of us .
