  in fact it was just a proposed line on a map drawn by the curzon guy , that even soviets looked on as ridiculous at the time it was proposed . 
   poland had taken part in carving up czechoslovakia , together with germany if you have as much as skimmed over the very article you have linked , you would know that poland did the zaolzie annexation thing in no connection , contact or cooperation with germany , and the whole conflict was ongoing since 1919 when czechoslovakia invaded and annexed the * ethnic polish * teritories in part of cieszyn silesia initially assigned to * poland * . 
  czechoslovakia took some villages when poland was weakened by soviet russia , poland took some villages when czechoslovakia was weakened by nazi germany . 
  dick move , sure , but not on soviet-1939-invasion , or even sudetenland annexation level . 
   with or without soviet invasion , poland would lose to germany . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  the plan was to regroup and defend until winter on the border with romania , and wait for the french counterattack . 
  we know the french most likely would n't counterattack , and they already decided so even before soviets attacked poland , but in unlikely case the french did what they were constantly promising poland for a whole year before the war started , world war 2 ( which likely would n't even be called that way ) would be over before christmas . 
   for ussr it was a try to move western border , because in opposite case germany would assault from much more closer positions . 
  it 's still nothing more than a poor justification for an invasion . 
  nazi germany could argue that they are merely trying to move the eastern border ( by a preemptive strike ) , because in opposite case ussr would assault from much closer positions . 
   and made poles more anti-soviets and anti-russian truth be told , it was a near-impossible effort , considering agressive and hostile actions of various iterations of the russian state towards poland and poles ceaselessly since the end of 17th century , yet soviets still managed to outdo all that ( perhaps save the barbarous actions of russian army invading poland in 1794 ) . 
  quite impressive actually of you think about it . 
   france and britain were able to assault germany from west border while most of german army , which was less stronger than french + british , fought in poland . 
  instead of it , they played in `` phoney war '' on this point i agree . 
  france and britain deliberatley fed the polish government with false information regarding military plans in case of a war for entriety of 1939 . 
  believe or not , social support in 1938 austria for anschluss with germany was really high ( though definitely not * as * high as 1938 referendum showed ) . 
  actually that was the case ever since the habsburg empire collapsed all the way until third reich started to lose the war . 
  an `` austrian '' identity , completely separate from the `` german '' one was created * after * the ww2 , before that austrian were considered a subset of germans , just like bavarians . 
   poland and czechoslovakia must be the successors of nazi germany as well then . 
  there 's a significant difference between situation of austria and situation of poland/czechoslovakia . 
  `` austria as a first victim '' is a myth created after the ww2 . 
  and usually i do n't care about that , but in this particular discussion it * was * relevant . 
  if poland is now considered a successor of prl , i see no reason not to consider austria a successor of nazi germany . 
  right after nazi germany pays its debts  because we are a successor of commie poland as much as current austria and germany are successors of the third reich . 
   might be an embryo of such a party . 
  it would be nice if the 15 % of people in poland who lean left wing had some party other than post-commies and whatever 's left from palikot to vote for . 
  i read the programme , and while most points of it are the exact opposite of what i support ( and i almost asked myself if this is for serious a few times ) , there 's no danger of such party winning elections in our country in forseeable future , and it would be nice to have such party as a constructive opposition instead of the current left . 
  good luck . 
   poland gets 3 % of gdp net from the eu you know who else gets a lot of money from the eu ? 
  half of eu countries , including portugal , greece , baltics or hungary . 
  each one of those i mentioned getting more money per capita than poland . 
   what was the idiotic part ? 
  the `` heterogeneous network of reality and subjectivity ( committees , associations , social centers , activists of the grassroots unions , militants of the radical left ) '' one . 
   drastically lower tax income if income tax in poland was * altogether abolished * , state income would decrease by absolutely unthinkable 13-15 % . 
  possibly even less , as people would have more money to spend on taxed goods . 
  does n't sound like a drastic decrease either way , and there are also savings on not having to maintain a significant portion of the overgrown administration anymore . 
  not that i am personally for that idea , a low income tax being a * yearly living-in-the-state-and-using-services-provided-by-it fee * , just like there 's one for public transport or gym membership , seems to be an acceptable thing even if we are also already paying it each time we are buying groceries ( vat ) . 
   in 1913 1913 is way earlier than the timeline we were just talking about , and before the largely unknown event called by some `` world war 1 '' devastated most of europe , but interestingly enough left all of scandinavia unscratched . 
   i see , you simply lack imagination , its either laissez-faire or authoritatianism , come on . 
  no , i 'm quite sure the one lacking imagination is you . 
  as long as there exist many different countries , some of them * will * be tax havens . 
   perhaps it is because we are a superpower spanning half of a continent , with almost unlimited natural resources , and we just have won a fucking world war barely suffering any damage . 
   i like how you just discarded whole keynesian economic with one sentence . 
  you must be proud of yourself . 
  i like how you just discarded whole austrian economic with one sentence . 
  you must be proud of yourself . 
   they started introducing social economical policies even before wwii . 
  oh , and where exactly i said that they did n't ? 
  i thought i worded myself clear enough , but apparently that was not the case . 
  i * know * when scandinavian countries started to implement such policies , my historical knowledge is quite extensive . 
  in 20s and 30s scandinavian countries were * already * one of the richest countries in europe on par with germany , especially sweden and denmark . 
  even finland was on the level of austria . 
  does factual information counts as a `` common myth '' now ? 
  your whole worldview is a common myth , fortunately not in poland . 
   that is a problem of course , that 's why we need to get rid of tax havens , ... and to make healthcare less costly all we would have to do would be to get rid of sicknesses . 
  as long as there is no totalitarian authority ruling whole world with an iron fist , there * always * will be tax havens . 
  you are removed from reality so hard , it 's not even funny . 
   uhmm yeah i never wrote that 's the sole reason . 
  you structured your argumentation in a way that cleraly implied something along the ways of `` why wo n't anyone mention that 50s usa had high income taxes and they grew fast and everyone was happy ?? 
  :( ( ( '' ... perhaps because it 's not really relevant to our current situation mate . 
   the idea is that it would increase internal spending by a negligible ammount . 
  few z\u0142otys per person , at most . 
  really , such move would n't have any visible effects other than allowing you to pat backs of your likeminded buddies while grinning how `` those rich cunts ( fuck them for being more successful ) totally got what they deserved , haha ! '' . 
  totally worth it , fortunately on this particular issue most people in poland are not so full of vitriol like you , and have other equally irrelevant cases to focus on . 
   this is a myth , social policies of scandinavian countries are the source of their wellbeing . 
  scandinavian countries were already rich before they implemented social democracy . 
  also , scandinavian countries are * more * capitalist and liberal and have * more * economic freedom than poland * right now * . 
  i 'd gladly see us implement the * less * socialist economical model of scandinavian countries , as a right wing liberal i really am all for it . 
  though , again , implementing the welfare state part of it in poland would not bring similar results simply because there is * not enough wealth * in our country . 
  swedish economy is comparable in size to the polish one , but sweden has four times less citizens . 
   everyone wants that , but left side simply argues that wealth will not magically start dropping down when rich will be rich enough . 
  i know the arguments and i know they are very often wrong or unsupported . 
  wealth will not magically start dropping down when rich will pay their taxes abroad instead of in the country either . 
  even if all the wealthy people were being forced to pay the 100 % income tax for many years ( and not escape abroad from such draconian laws in the meantime ) , it would not in any significant way change our economic situation . 
   usa after wwii were rebuilding on 70 or 80 % income tax rate . 
  there was n't much to * rebuild * in usa after the ww2 , because they escaped the ww2 almost completely unscratched - more so , they benefited immensely from it . 
  thinking that their high income taxes were the sole thing * most responsible * for this great economical performance is something so absurdal to me , it 's hard to even read posts written by someone * seriously thinking that * with a straight face . 
   there is a lot of good arguments to increase welfares so that people actually can have money to buy things that would actually help our industry with internal spending . 
  i wonder where would you gather money for that welfare . 
  because , believe or not , wealthy people are not a numerous group in poland , and income tax is not really a * significant * source of money for the state either . 
   considering european politics oh , but you are comparing us to the countries that are twice or thrice as rich as us , and never experienced decades of disastrous far-left dictatorship . 
  poland ( in large part thanks to 45 years of inept commie rule ) is simply not a rich enough country to afford having a scandinavian-style welfare state . 
  and any attempts to implement it here anyway * right now * would result in our country moving further away from such situation , rather than closer to it . 
  our country needs to * become * wealthy first , so there is enough * wealth * here to be reasonably `` redistributed '' ( as much as i hate the whole concept of it ) . 
  we wo n't achieve that by strangulating our economy which , against all odds , is still going relatively * not bad * right now . 
  it 's not neccesarily a new development , polish politics in the last 25 years ( and especially after the post-commie party collapse in early 00s ) was always closer to the one in usa than in the western europe , and this is one of the few things i really like about our country . 
   economical debate in poland is shifted towards one particular direction , considering that many negative relics of the times while the debate ( or rather lack of thereof ) was absurdally shifted in the opposite direction are unfortunately still present in our country , i 'd say it has still not shifted enough in this direction yet . 
  what exactly would be gained from raising the tax rate other than convincing even more of the richest poles that registering and paying * all * their taxes abroad is a good idea ? 
  the impact it would have on budget would be negligible , as it would be a cheap populism - that is if there even was a social support for such policies , which fortunately is not the case . 
  the fact that income tax altogether forms a very small portion of our state income ( and always will , unless you want large part of our population to starve because they had to give away to the state most of their money ) , while at the same time being one of the most costly ones is another matter . 
  around 2500 . 
  maybe . 
  glad you were not the one pulling the strings then , because we would have to treat the `` let 's join nafta instead of eu '' campaign in 90s more seriously in such case . 
   edit : i also like your use of `` us and singapore do it , must be right . '', 
  edit : and i also like your use of `` russia and saudi arabia do it , must be wrong . '', 
  ( again mate ? 
  ) , so i am glad you noticed it . 
   this is not the eu rules about importing peanuts , these are fundamental rules and principles of the union . 
  go live in russia or saudi arabia .
