  they actually budged enough ( 2-3 % ) to make a difference between pis needing a coallition partner after the elections , and pis getting 235mps and ruling on its own , but keep spouting alternative facts from your fantasy world as you always do on this sub . 
   with quite high urbanization overall and metropolies , industrial centers , way better developed infrastructure , longer average livespan ... higher unemployment , higher crime levels , worse educational results , lower social cohesion . 
  areas that were in western poland before the ww2 are in significantly better state than decaying post-german areas . 
  poland 's opposition to forced migration quotas is also a matter of principle now , and i hope we 'll never back down on it . 
   and yet poland voted for the quotas ,  blame your inept politicians well , we did . 
  how did you think pis managed to get the absolute majority in our parliament ? 
  would n't be so sure that we ca n't , and we are certainly going to try nevertheless . 
   what 's the difference between catholic and orthodox ? 
  from a theological point of view ? 
  disputes regarding the exact nature of the holy trinity . 
  they lasted for hundreds of years , no agreement was achieved , and thus it ultimately resulted in separation of the western and eastern churches . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/filioque obviously , political differences also played a role . 
  no , that was an underground polish university , as opposed to the non-underground russian universities that at the time were the only official universities in the part of poland taken over by russia . 
  ... so soviets . 
  most `` polish communists '' were brought over to soviet-occupied poland from moscow . 
   i 'll let you finish your nice straw man here , have fun !, 
  i was only polishing the strawman you have created , to cover the possible future branches in which this discussion could continue . 
   have you ever thought what happens when one of those `` violent thugs '' becomes a police officer instead and starts shooting people for fun ? 
  `` have you ever thought what happens when one of the dangerous drivers becomes a police officer instead and starts using the privileged vehicle signals for driving over the speed limit for fun ? '', 
  `` have you ever thought what happens when one of the pyromaniacs becomes a firefighter instead , and starts to put things in his neighbourhood on fire for fun ? '', 
  ... or maybe even `` have you ever thought what happens when one of the terrorists becomes a migrant coming under the guise of a refugee application instead , and starts shooting people for fun ? '', 
  see how silly it is ? 
  that 's approximately the level of discourse you have reached now . 
  `` have you ever thought what happens when x becomes y instead , and starts doing a thing that is illegal '' , really ? 
   is `` protesters '' some sacred word now ? 
  perhaps you are right , and the word `` protester '' actually is a word completely devoid of any meaning whatsoever , with its definition being so uselessly wide , it can encompass absolutely everyone . 
   i still would n't want to live in a place where `` violent thugs '' are shot on sight . 
  i honestly would n't mind to live in such a place , provided that there indeed was an imminent threat that would warrant such a reaction . 
  well , i 'd certainly rather not live in a country where violent thugs going around destroying stuff for the sake of destroying stuff are mistaken for being `` protesters '' . 
  you can shoot with various things , including rubber bullets . 
  i consider those to be appropriate measures to prevent violation of such a basic human right as the right to property - especially in situations like these , when the criminals are unlikely to be caught later on . 
  so have you , in my opinion . 
  by an odd coincidence , the same is the case with my logic . 
  and with your logic everyone gets a free pass to wreak havoc and cause destruction whenever he feels like it . 
  see , i can build strawmans as well . 
  no , i 'm saying that such highly aggressive behaviour warrants being shot at with rubber bullets . 
  as for using live ammo , that should be used only when other 's people life is in danger . 
  if that would mean some other idiot would later reconsider his urge for breaking windows or damaging cars for no reason at all , i do n't see why not . 
  / r/russiadenies, 
   well they have made some decisions that i would say are detrimental to the free press . 
  i see this claim mentioned over and over again for some reason , but somehow there never is any follow up on what exactly would those changes in regards to `` free press '' be . 
   government is blocking the very institution that is responsible for controlling the government in those matters ( the constitutional court ) . . through chosing the judges they like to the empty slots in the constitutional court ? 
  colour me surprised that this happens when the method of chosing judges as envisioned by constitution is chosing them by a simple parliamentary majority . 
  is n't skoda fully owned by volkswagen though ? 
  perhaps , but only 4 other nato countries ( usa , uk , greece and estonia ) spend as much on defence . 
  and as i said , there are plans to further increase that number in the future . 
   so your argument for not needing eu funds is ` because in the early 2000s we 've had also our gdp grow on its own ' ? 
  ... and we had it grow faster than it did with the * miraculous * properties of the eu funds !, 
  no , my argument against taking eu funds is that i 'd rather be a little bit poorer , but retain my decency , not be called `` leecher '' or a `` freeloader '' , not have to hear shitty `` le eu funds at work xd '' comments whenever something nice happens in my country even if the eu funds had nothing to do with it , and not have my country blackmailed to take positions it vehemently disagrees with on the sole virtue of `` you gladly take the money we give us , why wo n't you obey our orders ? '' . 
  i was always sceptical in regards to the eu funds from the very beginning , but it 's reaching the levels as of late when i 'd rather have the eu funds never existed in the first place . 
   with being responsible for 70-90 % of your total growth , most definitely . 
  we would still be growing without them . 
  by how much exactly , that 's only a guesstimation . 
   the absolute number is not relevant in the discussion about how much a member country costs or contributes to the eu because reasons , gotchu . 
  it would appear that the discussion shifted to about how much a member country * benefits * from the eu , and for that purpose the per capita values are incomparably more relevant than the absolute numbers . 
   do you have any proof of that or are you just pulling things that suit your arguments out of thin air ? 
  [ try to guess from this graph when exactly did poland join the eu . 
  ] ( http://galeria.bankier.pl/p/3/2/889554349e568a-640-250-13-0-869-339.png ) good luck . 
   i would hardly call that `` negligible '' or `` somewhat noticeable , but nothing that would be absolutely necessary '' i would definitely put it in the second category . 
  but then again , i am personally opposed to the very idea of the eu funds , and would rather have them not exist , than have our country indirectly forced to participate in the scheme so the other countries on a similar level to us wo n't get an unfair advantage over us ( and then have to suffer the immense whining that we ought to do what we are told to because they paid us with the eu funds ) . 
   endangering the most basic human rights in poland in the ways such as ? 
  because i ca n't really recall any off the top of my head , sorry for that . 
   that was doing questionable things * most people disagree with * . 
  [ hmmm ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8d/polish_opinion_polling_for_the_2019_election.png/1024px-polish_opinion_polling_for_the_2019_election.png ), 
   and who said anything about the polish perspective ? 
  i did . 
   i simply pointed out how much eu money is being sent to poland annually . 
  and i simply pointed out that pointing out this particular statistics is not really relevant in any way . 
   it is present with other countries as well , albeit to less extreme measures . 
  `` less extreme '' ranging in meaning from `` negligible '' to `` somewhat noticeable , but nothing that would be absolutely necessary '' , depending on the country . 
   and what does the per capita changes about the sum total ? 
  perhaps because it 's the only number that matters from * polish * perspective ? 
  in absolute numbers we might receive two times the amount of cohesion funds that greece does , but our population is almost four times the size of the greek one , so clearly the greeks are getting way better deal here . 
   i was talking about hungary . 
  you was clearly extending the pattern that might or might not be present in hungary for other countries as well . 
   they are the biggest net benefactors of the cohesion funds with an operating balance of +9.5 b $ s in 2015 alone . 
  portugal , greece , hungary , latvia , lithuania , estonia and slovakia all receive more cohesion funds per capita than poland does , so that 's for your `` biggest net benefactors '' bullshit claim . 
  as for your claims that `` some 90 % of our economic growth is attributable to them '' - poland was growing as fast before 2004 , as it was afterwards . 
   free if - according to you - it comes at a cost of being forced to take part in questionable actions vast majority of population disagrees with , it clearly is n't `` free '' , do n't you think ? 
  no one in poland buys products from lithuania , czech republic or slovakia . 
  a lot of people in lithuania , czech republic or slovakia buy polish products . 
  you could almost say the polish products dominate the `` cheap crap poor people tend to buy '' segment of the market there . 
  that 's the difference i am trying to point out . 
   no not really only poor people buy it because well . 
  it 's the cheapest . 
  middle income people are avoiding polish products . 
  the same is the case in poland itself , so you are not really proving anything here . 
   but i remember poland disappeared from the map at some point . 
  yes , that was after we lost our great power status ( sometime in the late 17th century ) , but before we realized that to survive in such situation , we must maintain a strong military and a net of powerful alliances ( we * did * realize that around 1788 , but by that point it was already too late , and the perfidious prussia backstabbed us in 1792 anyway ) . 
  after the catastrophe that was 18th century we learned our lesson ( that the pacifistic `` if we wo n't maintain a strong military that would be a threat to our neighbours , they also wo n't threaten us '' philosophy is not viable for a country in our geopolitical position ) . 
  thanks to allying with revolutionary ( and later napoleonic ) france we regained our country in 1807 . 
  duchy of warsaw maintained a strong military , and had powerful allies ( france ) , but unfortunately for us the french lost - and so did we , even if we have stayed by their side until the very end . 
  the second successful attempt of restoring our country was in 1918 . 
  this time around , we invested heavily in the military , and sought powerful allies ( france and uk ) . 
  alas , our allies not only turned out to be completely unprepared to engage in any war , but also not really willing to help us in any meaningful way . 
  our military , while definitely in world 's top 10 at the time , could n't stand a chance against combined forces of nazi germany and soviet union on its own . 
  then soviet union changed sides and become an ally of our allies , and so we were sacrificed by our allies ( who were n't strong enough to do anything else by then anyway ) in the name of better relations . 
  so it goes . 
  third time is a charm . 
  richer with our earlier experiences , we now know we have to play it safe , and in the current situation only a close alliance with usa can provide this safety .
