   and it 's useless , according to everybody but poland . 
  ... and the republican administrations in the us . 
  and luckily for us we have a republican administration in power right now ( even if its being led by a president who is not a typical republican ) . 
   but you should leave the eu and make an alliance with the us , but we already have an alliance with the us . 
  and from military stand point , it 's worth for us much more than eu is . 
   i 'm sure they 'll give you all the work visas you want and billions in subsidies every year . 
  what are you waiting for ? 
  i neighter care about working abroad , nor about economic subsidies which in my opinion should be scrapped altogether ( hopefully , it seems that it 's pretty much going to happen in the 2020 eu budget ) , so i 'm not sure what exactly did you try to achieve here . 
   germany which made a fast eu and nato ascension possible for poland possible . 
  it was usa who made a fast nato accession for poland possible . 
   how can germany block nato bases in poland ? 
  by opposing them vehemently whenever poland tries to finally make this idea happen ? 
  it 's hard to consider germany our most reliable ally when they 've been blocking permanent nato bases in poland for decades , and they stab our backs endangering our economic security by signing the nord stream deals with russia . 
   what 's exactly the win in this ? 
  that we use the same weapons and equipment our closest and most reliable allies do ? 
  and those allies also happen to have the most powerful military in the world , so as a bonus there 's a certain quality to be expected from their equipment . 
  salty , salty . 
   we 're not v4 , we do n't try to start shit in the eu precisely . 
  perhaps try to be a bit more assertive from now on . 
  the entire point is that logging is being done in parts of the forest that * are n't * primeval . 
  not really , pretty much nobody uses twitter in poland besides some journalists and politicians , and you can really see it on this map by how empty the country seems . 
  [ population density map for comparison ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4xeek.jpg ), 
   dude , i do n't give two cents about what is viewed as `` centric '' or `` right-wing '' in poland . 
  and likewise , i do n't give two damns about what is viewed as `` ultra-conservative '' in germany . 
  our political spectrum is simply not moved as much leftwards as yours is . 
   restricting the right to abort as well as the right to contraception in such a way is a prime example of a policy fueled by hatred on women there 's no such thing as `` right to abort '' in poland - at least not anymore than there is a `` right to steal '' , `` right to murder '' or `` right to drive over the speed limit '' . 
  abortion is normally a crime , but there are certain exceptional circumstances outlined in our law when the criminal liability is not enforced - just like driving over the speed limit is normally an offence , but it 's allowed when it 's done by emergency vehicles . 
   it 's a fact that these kind of policies pull a country back to a much more brutal past and are based on useless emotions rather than absolute facts . 
  and therefore it is deemed as extremist . 
  the radical leftist views that since the late 60s became commonplace in many western european countries , as well as parts of north america are what would be more aptly described as `` extremist '' . 
   and pushing against the right to abort the centrist status quo position in poland in regards to abortion , and by far the most popular position in polish society , is the so-called `` abortion compromise '' from 1993 , which is the law that is currently in place , and allows for abortion if the pregnancy is a result of a criminal act , in the case of severe danger to mother 's health or the developing infant is seriously malformed . 
  making it any more liberal than that it is a left-wing position , and making it more restrictive is a conservative position . 
  ultra-conservative position would be banning all abortions on every possible occasion , which is not a position pis holds ( but many groups and ngos in poland do , most notably the one which prepared the citizens ' project banning abortion that was rejected by parliament last year ) . 
  they are already going to pay fines for opposing the forced migrant relocation programme , might as well pay some fines for preventing the spread of bark beetle outbreak in the areas that happen not to even be a part of a national park . 
  considering the situation though , i doubt there will be any fines for that , unless for political reasons . 
   the ec is investigating and about to press charges . 
  having the recent developments in mind , it 's looking quite unlikely that the polish government is going to care about that . 
   the forest surrounding the national park isnt a mere ` managed forest ' though . 
  it has many natural characteristics and is very biodiverse . 
  it also has many characteristics of managed forest , and there already were logging campaigns in there in a scope way bigger than what is being done right now to.prevent the spread of bark beetles to the protected parts . 
   we have failed to protect one of our greatest natural treasures one of our greatest natural treasures would end up looking [ like this in a long run ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-n5ydoyvohmu/utxxsfqoa_i/aaaaaaaaesy/baocwwfhoh4/s1600/fot3+puszcza_aw1961.jpg ) if you guys were the ones in charge of its protection , with this `` do n't do anything '' method . 
  perhaps you could indeed say you have `` protected '' it in such case , but with friends like these who needs enemies ? 
  no , you just * do n't understand * , we just * have * to leave the it alone , so bark beetles can spread to the protected areas as well , and let the forest become a [ something beautiful like this ] ( http://img1.garnek.pl/a.garnek.pl/001/453/1453944_800.0.jpg/niemcy-park-narodowy-las.jpg ) on its own . 
   majority of people are saying that the point of that forest is that no human touches it no , the point of * bia\u0142owieski national park * is that no human touches it . 
  and nothing is happening to the national park . 
  contrary to that , the area in question was very much touched by humans throughout the years , parts of it were even planted by humans themselves . 
  it 's a regular forest that is * surrounding * the national park , and the bark beetle infestation there is potentially endangering the protected part . 
   between po and pis po is a liberal-conservative party , while pis is a national-conservative party . 
  the former is a centrist to centre-right party by polish standards , and the latter is a right wing ( with centre-right factions ) party by polish standards . 
  the parties in poland to which the ukip/afd/fn / fpo group would be comparable would be rn ( national movement ) , korwin/wolno \u015b\u0107 ( conservative right-wing libertarians ) and perhaps some factions in kukiz ' 15 . 
  there are dozens of parties in poland , because it 's a democratic country where everyone is free to create or support a party with views closest to the one he holds . 
  therefore , you can say that the local political spectrum is well represented in country 's politics . 
  there was only one party in soviet union , because it was a totalitarian dictatorship that got into power thanks to a coup and held the power through brute force , while all the other parties were banned , with their members often being murdered . 
  therefore you can not say that the local political spectrum was well represented in country 's politics . 
  that 's how it 's different . 
  centrist and even liberal parties in poland would appear conservative to someone from , let 's say , sweden - just like even conservative parties in sweden would appear centrist or even liberal to someone from poland . 
  what might appear as `` ultra conservative far right '' to someone from a country where political spectrum is further to the left than in poland , is actually a `` regular conservative '' around here . 
  and conversely , what might appear as `` radical progressive/far left '' to someone from poland , is actually a `` centre-left/liberal/moderate '' view in a country where political spectrum is further to the left than in poland . 
  maybe i was n't clear enough - the logic you use in that post is the exact opposite of the logic i used two posts ago . 
  that 's like the exact opposite of the point i 'm making . 
  what is `` conservative '' and `` ultra-conservative '' also differs by country . 
  and in poland 's case pis is a conservative party at most ( even a moderately conservative one , on multiple issues ) . 
  if you call them `` ultra-conservative '' i do n't know what name you would have to use to call many other polish parties that are way more conservative than them , `` turbo-hyper-ultra-conservative '' ? 
  pis is not even the most right wing party represented in the polish parliament , let alone in polish politics . 
  different countries have different political spectrums . 
   you could do better . 
  if we are already at the top , any changes can only hurt us . 
   need to shut up or just leave the eu keep up with this attitude , and perhaps one day there will be noone left in the eu . 
  \\  demands to `` cut your propaganda bullshit '' \\  proceeds to list his own propaganda bullshit, 
  i 'm not talking about the article 7 procedure - nobody cares about it , because this one wo n't go anywhere due to requirement of unanimousity which wo n't be met . 
  i 'm talking about potential sanctions for our opposition to the forced migration scheme . 
  well , the alternative is a guy who wants to destroy the polish transportation companies , and proposes to sanction the shit out of poland . 
  with the hostile way macron is going about it , i would n't really call it a * tough * choice . 
  i do n't know whether you have ever seen a map of europe , but poland happens to control over 1,000 km of external eu borders with three different non-eu countries , and poland does a very good job at securing it . 
  each year there are thousands of attempts at illegal crossings of external eu border in poland that are stopped by polish border patrols . 
  probably when the 2020-2026 eu budget will be passed ? 
  it was known since around 2006 that the 2014-2020 budget will be the last one with high amount of structural funds . 
   since germany wo n't get the solidartiy it constantly has been asking for , eastern europe should n't hold their breath to get much solidarity in return . 
  nord stream was an issue for more than 10 years already , so if anything it would be the other way around . 
  there is this the one area where polish entrepreneurs managed to build themselves a strong position , and we should just give it up ? 
  sure thing , we 'll do so just after the foreign entrepreneurs who have an advantageous position on the polish market in different areas of the economy will do accordingly . 
  demanding less for doing the same job is a part of `` being efficient '' . 
  yeah , in the 80s and early 90s . 
  the change was done in 1995 , and the new z\u0142oty is worth 10,000 old z\u0142otys . 
  of course we do - poland is happy with the way things are now . 
  our transportation companies are very competitive because they are more efficient and demand less , and it would be a disaster for polish drivers had this initiative passed . 
  not really , while there was a one outlier poll two months ago that had tusk winning over duda 50.1 % to 49.9 % , in all the other such polls including more recent ones tusk was losing to duda by at least several percentage points . 
  duda also has a better net favorability ranking than tusk . 
   for a country that claims to intensely dislike russia , pis is looking more and more like their archenemies . 
  poland dislikes russia because of how the general direction of its foreign policy actions during the last 400 years looked like , not because of whatever their internal affairs happen to be at the moment . 
  after a while it became pretty obvious and generally accepted that they are simply a clone of po , just with even less competent members , and more gaffes made by its leader . 
  the . n supporters were mostly former po voters in the first place anyway , so they just returned back . 
  always knew you were secretly a pis supporter all along . 
  yeah , if pis wants to get a majority in 2019 as well , sanctions for issues like opposition to forced migration , or protection of forests from bark beetles are probably among the best presents they could possibly get . 
   are pis still that popular ? 
  [ pis is steadily leading so yes , pretty much ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8d/polish_opinion_polling_for_the_2019_election.png/1000px-polish_opinion_polling_for_the_2019_election.png ) ( po 's recent spike is a result of eating almost entire electorate of . n ) . 
   could a returning tusk do anything ? 
  according to polls , tusk is more unpopular than popular . 
  as if it already was n't the case ever since the post-solidarity split into those two parties , and post-commies collapsed . 
  i 'm not advocating anything like that , i 'm only providing counterexamples to someone praising `` broad parliamentary consensus '' as an ideal mode of decision making .
