  and everything worked as intended for several years , but then after some disagreements with duke , they sent to the pope a falsified document suggesting that they were sovereign rules of che\u0142mno land . 
  that 's how the mistake which backbited 500 years later came to be . 
  when we populated lithuania with poles , it was n't a * foreign * country . 
  our new strategy is on entirely next level . 
  the reason was that a polish masovian duke konrad could n't deal with pagan prussian tribes riding his lands , so he invited some german knights for help . 
  they were supposed to only fight against them for him , but the order has falsified the documents granting them lands and thus the state of teutonic order was born . 
  a grave mistake which pained us grievously for the next 700 years . 
  ukrainian language was heavily influenced by the polish language for hundreds of years ( for me ukrainian sounds similar to russian , but with numerous words and phrases from polish ) . 
  so you are correct , it 's the eastern slavic language with western slavic influences . 
  do n't tell me what to do . 
  they do n't need marriage to have homosex . 
  same in poland . 
  i feel it 's more than certain germany will be outgrown by turkey by the time turkey would have any shot on joining the eu . 
  well , i know what counterfactual history is . 
  actually that 's exactly why i provided some more similar examples for you , as you seem to be the type who likes a very low probality , heavy changing-the-history-of-the-world counterfactual scenarios . 
  well , i guess there 's no difference between : * the most important polish military leader during our succesful struggle for independence after over a century of occupation , who have also won a war against the soviet * fucking * russia - and then gone mildly dictatorial a decade later and * the last polish quisling who have worked for a hostile foreign power occupying poland because that 's the case in which your previous posts would remotely make any sense . 
  easy to confuse the two , i 'll admit . 
  my three questions are relevant in a way theat they are , similarly to your question , absural and about some highly unlikely occurence . 
  history of europe with only one native language would be so different , there 's no point mentioning eu in the same question . 
  i have some similar simple questions you may want to ask too : what if china was inhabited mostly by people with black skin and red hair ? 
  what if australian aborignals had nuclear weapons in 18th century ? 
  what if america was made from cheese ? 
  answering your question , i feel it 's safe to say that if all europeans spoke the same native language , the last several thousands years of history would play a bit differently . 
  a possibility that in such timeline there would exist something even remotely resembling the eu is quite minor . 
  i seriously doubt that majority is muslim there , as half of inhabitiants of bih are croats and serbs who are definitely not muslims , and not every bosniak is religious . 
  negative . 
  you anticipate we 'll be occupied by russia in 50 years ? 
  why so pessimistic ? 
  well , the * of pomerania * in his name is quite telling . 
  how could he possibly be german if pomerania was n't germanised until the 17th-18th century ? 
  sigismund was a fanatical catholic so he counts as a honorary pole though . 
  we used to be the 4th biggest a few years ago . 
  damn you , swedish and dutch ones and your more efficient bots . 
  yeah , and by `` act differently '' you mean `` act like we were a bitch of russia '' ( hello orban ) ? 
  maybe just let them occupy us again ( and we all know the two times when they managed to do so really sucked for us ) ? 
  because if we wo n't care about ourselves , certainly noone else will . 
  i 'm glad i can once agree with how our government acts , i honestly expected them to act like total pussies when all this ukraine mess started . 
  \\  implying poland expects russia to withdraw from ukraine because we said some tough words no , it 's about sending a message . 
  by the way , i always like to see your pathetic tantrums under every article mentioning poland in a slightest . 
  alright mate , point taken . 
   telling 15y old kid that he 's murderer is a dick move no , he 's just from a nation of murderers . 
  that guy should have phrased it better . 
   and you prefer nazi occupation ? 
  really ? 
  being massively killed no matter who you are ? 
  it 's not like over million of poles from parts of poland invaded and occupied by soviet union in 1939 were n't deported to siberia in 1940 and 1941 only for what they were . 
  most of them have not survived until the end of war . 
  i 'm pretty sure it counts as `` being massively killed no matter who you are '' . 
  soviet occupation and nazi occupation during the war were equally as shitty . 
  i guess the lasting until 1989 second soviet occupation after the war was slightly less shitty , as poles were now getting killed only in thousands instead of hundreds of thousands . 
   while stalinism was not great in poland , this is one of the places that capitalism is undoubtedly worse . 
  lol \\  this level of delusion, 
  that post on / r/russia looks oddly familiarly like something straight from 50 's propaganda though . 
  even slogans are the same . 
  and while there is always that kind of guy in comments on articles about russia on polish sites , he is usually in heavy downvotes so i guess this opinion is n't really that common . 
  and i 'll admit he has a point , most polish people do n't hate russians . 
  * russia * on the other hand ... 
  being plumber in germany pays better than being a plumber in poland . 
  not even mentioning being a plumber in russia which pays even worse than either of them . 
  i always find it amusing though pathetic at the same time when i see russians who go with a `` plumber '' card . 
  it 's like a homeless drug addict harrasing a poor working class man . 
  yeah , * we * picked them . 
  not the crucial polish part of it connecting baltics with warsaw ( and european highway network ) . 
  i doubt it will be finished in the next 20 years . 
  yeah , i still think that ratifying the ottawa treaty in last year by us ( as the last country in europe other than russia ) was a bad move . 
   you should develop your own insurance in the form of wmds . 
  we thought about that in early 90s ' , but it would mean breaking many international conventions , which would probably result in exclusion ( or non-inclusion ) from many useful organizations such as eu , council of europe , etc. 
  while we could still probably secure some kind of an alliance with the us , i think it would leave us in a weaker spot than the one we are in right now . 
  so how many superpowers are there in the world if even such country as russia is one ? 
  that was your point ? 
  that there are dozens of `` superpowers '' ? 
  i do n't think you understand what does this world even mean . 
  maybe it 's only about the nukes then ? 
  is pakistan a superpower ? 
  let 's see : population size comparable to japan , but shrinking for the last 25 years with a small rebound in last few years , which is echo of a large baby boom many years ago . 
  economy model similar to the impoverished third world dictatorships , based mostly on extensive exploitation of the biggest sources of natural resources in the world - which results in being only 8th - 9th economy in the world ( while their size and population would suggest their should be at least 3rd ) , standard of living below the average * eastern * european level , gdp per capita lower than poland . 
  outdated technology . 
  weak industry . 
  international image of rogue state . 
  non-existant global cultural influence save few bordering countries . 
  nice , that 's what you call a superpower . 
  the only thing russia have is their nukes . 
  even their military compared to the american one is vastly inferior . 
  if the nukes are flying everyone is fucked and that 's why russia is dangerous - because nukes are the only thing they have . 
  there is only one superpower in the world and it 's usa . 
  though it 's gradualy changing as china is getting there . 
  russia , mainly thanks to their rusting nuclear arsenal from the cold war era , is in the secondary powers tier along with such countries as india , uk , japan or france . 
   they are a superpower . 
  and that 's why everyone already loses their shit no . 
  they * think * they still are a superpower . 
  and that 's why everyone loses their shit . 
  they are delusional - and dangerous . 
  they could invade and destroy few countries before the world could stop them . 
  they would n't stand a chance in a conventional war then though . 
  else iraq was a superpower by your definition in 1990s ' because everyone lost their shit when they invaded kuwait . 
  it 's not about two ships making any difference , it 's about principles . 
  by selling military technology to russia france is actively undermining nato . 
  that 's pretty much the message i got from all the french posts in this thread . 
  oh , but they are a wannabe * super * power . 
  they are still a powerful country , but nowhere near the power of usa or even china .
