  after all , the difference between 1988 ( or even 1992 ) - when our economy was barely existant and comparable with a third world country - and 2004 , when we were a stable middle income european country , was much more substantial than between 2004 and 2016 , when we still are a stable middle income european country . 
  nothing makes me feel more eurosceptic than ignorant comments dismissing all the effort and hard work we put into rebuilding our country since 1989 as `` le eu monies at work '' . 
  i must have missed the moment when countries such as south korea or japan became catholic , because their legislation in that regard is n't any more generous than the one in poland . 
  not to even mention some heavily catholic countries in south america when the opposite is the case . 
  it 's clearly an issue one should n't dumb down to fedora tipping . 
   poland and hungary considered us enemies not that czechoslovakia did n't contribute to that perception - deliberately blocking transports of supplies and reinforcemenfs aside , poland considered czechoslovakia enemies , because at the time czechoslovakia has just [ invaded and annexed the ethnically polish zaolzie area in silesia , which was initially assigned to poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93czechoslovak_war ) . 
   essentially , your entire argument is `` i will pick my biases based on any criteria i choose , i do n't even need to do that , as reality itself has a clear '' * russophobic * '' bias . 
   and will apply them selectively without any universality '' . 
  and why would i care about `` universality '' ? 
  i care about well-being and safety of my homeland , and the only significant cause of harm to it in recent times as well as danger to that is our aggressive neighbour russia . 
   at least you 're honest about your racism i suppose . 
  oh , you are just a weak troll , such a shame i wasted my time talking to you then . 
  russians are not a race . 
   you are intentionally and maliciously rewriting what i wrote . 
  existingbeing the key word i am not rewriting what you wrote - i am merely stating the opinion i held long before i read anything you wrote which happened to be somewhat connected with your claim . 
   if you wish to peddle the atrocities as something sovereign states generally need to be held accountable for when these atrocities are far in the past , you 'd have to surely start with states that still exist as the same states , rather than states that were born out of destruction of other states ? 
  soviet occupation of our country ended 27 years ago . 
  that 's not `` far in the past '' like , let 's say , the swedish deluge - it 's something present in living memory , effects of which still directly affect our daily lives every day . 
   so you 'll have to go through usa , uk , france , spain , portugal , netherlands , denmark and sweden first . 
  only then would you be able to go , in chronological orders , to italy , germany and japan . 
  other than germany ( and we got a chunk of their territory as war reparation for the immense destruction they inflicted on our country ) , we do n't really have any relevant `` grudges '' against any of those countries , so why would i care about them ? 
   so , is it about wanting to just be russophobic , i prefer the term russo-realist . 
  various iterations of russia were incredibly consistent in being an existential threat to our country for the last 400 years , and the recent actions of the russian state suggest that nothing changed in that regard so far . 
   or is it about you generally believing that states should be held accountable for atrocities of the past ? 
  in a reasonable timeframe , they obviously should be . 
  precisely , russia carries all the responsibilities of soviet union - including being responsible for all soviet union 's atrocities . 
  nah , the only idiot here is you . 
  it 's not really that others would win more medals if they sent more athletes ( though it 's true to an extent , for example usa would easily win all six medals in basketball if it was allowed to field multiple teams , just like the eu won all six medals in handball ) , the much more important factor is that due to the way olympics work , the eu would send * way less * athetes ( and win significantly * less * medals ) , was it a one olympic committee instead of 28 independent ones . 
  they already hosted the olympics before . 
   nato is a military bloc and the eu is a political and economic union and neighter competes in the olympics directly . 
  indeed , just look at funny meme i made [ showing how nato humilates the rest of the world in sports !, 
  and i proposed a funny picture to show how many medals have been won by our military allies and how united we are stronger as well . 
  and does eu compete in the olympics as a one entity ? 
  if so , why eu is allowed to field multiple teams in team competitions ( for example , the best four national teams in the handball tournament were all from eu members , what if usa fielded four teams in basketball ? 
  ) , and have up to 28 times as many athletes allowed to compete in events where ammount of athletes from each committee is limited then ? 
  in regards to how olympics work , counting all the medals won by various eu members as a one combined result makes exactly as much sense as counting all the medals won by nato members as one . 
   they have choose the eu countries . 
  yeah , for a better effect they could have chosen , let 's say , the nato countries . 
  it would be exactly as silly , but at least the lead would be even bigger !, 
  my point is that 28 different teams from members of european union had over 3800 athletes competing , while in comparison the american one had 554 , and the chinese one had 413 . 
  there 's nothing extraordinary about the fact that a group of athletes 7 times as big as any other one managed to get 2.5 times as many medals , in fact quite the contrary . 
  a group of 28 different olympic committees including many of the most numerous and successful ones managed to get more medals than a one olympic committee . 
  wow , who would have guessed !, 
  here 's [ another group of 28 different committees ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vyogway.png ) with an even better result . 
   it 's most brutal leader was a georgian national . 
  it 's second most brutal leader was a ukranian national . 
  many russian tsars were also foreigners , like catherine who was german , or w\u0142adys\u0142aw who was polish . 
  nothing unusual about that . 
   facts disagree with you . 
  inb4 `` the 3rd reich was n't german because hitler was an austrian national . '', 
   nothing interesting about it . 
  it also inherited all the debts soviet union had at the time , something no one wanted to share . 
  precisely my point . 
  nothing interesting about it , because russia is a direct continuation of the soviet union . 
  likewise , soviet union was a continuation of the russian empire with a communist ideology and a different flag . 
   russian communist regime was even less independent than polish regime . 
  `` russian communist regime '' was a dominant power within the soviet communist regime . 
   polish regime at least had its own sovereign state . 
  there are many adjectives that could describe the occupational regime based in lublin ( and later warsaw ) during the 1944-1989 period , while the legitimate polish government was forced to continue its wartime exile in london , but `` sovereign '' is not one of them . 
   russia was just an autonomous republic in soviet union . 
  interestingly enough , in stark contrast to all the other ssrs , it is russia which is * the * direct successor of the soviet union , and inherited all its perks such as its nuclear arsenal or soviet spot in un security council . 
  yeah , i 'm still awaiting the moment russia finally stops claiming soviet union 's permanent spot in un security council . 
  i 'm astonished that this misunderstanding was n't cleared by now . 
  the russian communist regime was an independent empire , while polish communist regime was a puppet state controled by soviet union , and comparable to vichy france or perhaps quisling 's norway . 
  there were hundreds of thousands of soviet soldiers occupying poland at the time , and commie government in warsaw was fully obedient to all orders from moscow . 
  on the other hand , soviet occupation of romania lasted until 1958 , and ceaucescu 's pursued at least semi-independent course by then . 
  i 'm quite sure you replied to the wrong comment , as i was n't the one who claimed that `` the french and uk started the war for poland '' - i was arguing quite the contrary actually . 
   it was n't all for nothing if the sole goal of ww2 was having poland liberated ( as in `` we started ww2 for you '' attitude , i obviously do n't believe that ) , then yes - it was all for nothing . 
  as for specifics , germany could be easily defeated by the full-force french attack in september 1939 ( which is exactly what uk and france promised poland , and what we based our defensive plans on ) , as around 80 % of german military power was concentrated in poland . 
  the entire german invasion of poland was a one big ( and successful ) gamble that uk and france will do nothing other than some diplomatic sanctions . 
   well us brits and the french did start ww2 for you , we effectively said goodbye to our empires in doing so such a shame it was all for nothing , as you completely failed to provide any significant help to us after declaring war , and we still ended up occuppied for the next 50 years . 
  we do ? 
  they indeed are catholic saints and thus have a liturgical day dedicated to them every year , but other than that i do n't think they are celebrated in any distinguished way in poland . 
   i just do n't understand why polish did n't adopt the czech/lithuanian system , because polish spelling evolved organically on its own for hundreds of years , and by the time a central language authority capable of enforcing such radical change appeared , it would be way too much of a bother . 
   so , just like with latin alphabet ? 
  with latin alphabet we use regular latin letters with diacritics and digraphs , not some obscure and unknown symbols unused in other latin-based scripts . 
   except with cyrillic there are less clusters ( sz -  \u0448 , cz -  \u0447 etc. ), 
  those are not `` clusters '' , but digraphs . 
  if two letters used to represent one sound scares you so much , french must be a real horror to you . 
   and those `` silly inventions '' are actually old cyrillic letters , from the times when other slavic languages also had nasal vowels . 
  and , considering that we have never used either old cyrillic or modern cyrillic to write polish , those symbols are approximately as familiar and suitable to represent sounds in our language as \u05e9\u05c1 , \u30b8 or perhaps \uc124 . 
  a japanese guy would probably find polish written in katakana easier to read than deciphering our polish consonant clusters as well , but it would n't make it a better system for writing polish either . 
  writing polish in cyrillic requires adding some silly inventions like \u046b , \u0467 , \u046d or \u0469 , and some weird hybrids like \u0452 , \u0459 , \u0461 or \u045f . 
  at that point , we would be equally better off adapting any other foreign writing system , be it hebrew alphabet , kana or perhaps thai script . 
  our polish alphabet still works better than this monstrosity . 
   korea and ireland both grew over 2x as fast when they were at a similar gdp per capita . 
  unlike now , the global economy happened to be booming back when they were at a similar gdp per capita . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93muscovite_war_ ( 1605 % e2 % 80 % 9318 ), 
  the warsaw one would fit perfectly in moscow with all the other ones , and it do not differ from them more than they differ from each other . 
  obviously it 's not a 1:1 copy , but it clearly belongs to the exact same series/class of buildings . 
  oh , it has some polish * details * you can find when you really look from them , and has slightly different proportions . 
  cool , [ the pkin-class buildings in moscow also have some differences between them . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ztufb1p.jpg )  the building itself is ok , but the surroundings are too monumental . 
  it 's a huge hole in the city and without real purpose . 
  indeed , that 's the biggest problem i have with this building - its footprint is way too large which completely disrupts street grid in that area , and to add insult to the injury it 's surrounded by 150-meter wide desert from three sides . 
   still i believe we could have gone for something much better than that for that , first we would have to demolish most of the completely botched commie reconstruction we were left with in 1989 , which was obviously unaffordable . 
  given the initial circumstances 25 years ago , i 'm still amazed how much better it gotten since then . 
  i mean , it barely looks like a european city at this point , the last time warsaw looked like a european city was somewhere between 1939 and 1944 . 
   urban sprawl is going to be nasty in the coming years . 
  warsaw * already * is one of the most spread-out european cities thanks to dozens of low-density commieblock estates .
