   are you an architect of those things or why are you so offended ? 
  no , i just consider them to be one of the very rare examples everything went well in the urban planning in the post-war history of my city , and wish similar solutions were implemented in other parts of warsaw , including demolition of the atrociously hideous 60s commieblocks in the center and replacement them by something of similar scope . 
   but too much roads . 
  quite the contrary , the amount of roads is just right - that 's precisely what i like so much about it . 
  roads ( and , more importantly , local streets ) are much preferable to the shitty `` towers in the woods '' design of commieblock estates . 
   can you post one from space ? 
  [ i can post the one we are talking about from space . 
  ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@52.1614207,21.0662427,1846m ) you were actually complaining that it is `` too big '' - well , if you want to see what `` too big '' actually means in warsaw terms , take a look at the commieblock estate to the west of it . 
   those at least have some character . 
  i do n't think they had `` character '' when they were brand new either . 
   in 30 years it 's gon na be as horrible looking as some commie neighbourhoods are now . 
  unlike the commie neighbourhoods , and just like neighbourhoods in the city centers , it 's gon na be alive at all times of the day , as the buildings all have shops , services and offices on their ground level . 
  unlike the commie neighborhoods , it actually has good urbanism when looking from a ground level , and that 's something that will remain even if looks of the buildings themselves wo n't age well . 
   i 'm not sure exactly what you 're trying to show me . 
  * actual * successors of commieblocks . 
  you can say many things about a housing estate that is a kilometer long and 50 meters wide , but certainly not that it is `` lacking imagination '' . 
  and it even has trees !, 
   that neighborhood lacks imagination . 
  and trees . 
  it 's a new neighborhood , largely still under construction . 
  there was nothing there 15 years ago . 
  trees take time to grow . 
  and well , let 's have some other neighborhoods from all over the world that are `` lacking trees '' : [ what an unimaginative , lacking trees city !, 
  ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/8/7460/12093830993_0b5bd5d2bb_b.jpg ) ^ ^ milan [ aw !, 
  where did all the imagination have gone !, 
  and the trees !, 
  not the trees !, 
  ] ( https://www.summer.harvard.edu/sites/summer.harvard.edu/files/styles/stab_slideshow_medium/public/paris bio_15_08 . jpg ) ^ ^ paris, 
   it 's just too big . 
  it 's not really a big neighbourhood as far as warsaw goes . 
  but then again , there are more people living in this city than in entire slovenia so it might skew the perception a bit . 
   a real successor of commie blocks . 
  unlike commieblocks , it actually has some seriously good urban planning . 
  and if you want a comparison to the districts of warsaw where there * was n't * such a detailed local plan of development describing how the buildings that are going to be build in this area are supposed to look like , here are some examples : [ 1 ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@52.3157089,21.071752,1266m ) [ 2 ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@52.2027433,20.9544911,1152m ) [ 3 ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@52.3412561,21.0684403,898m ) you 'll surely agree that a picture shown earlier was a significant improvement to that . 
  yeah , on the basement levels . 
  underground garages are pretty much standard for new apartment buildings around here - partially because the building companies can utilize their land parcels better that way , and partially because they can charge you extra on top of the price for the flat for the spot in the garage . 
  anyhow , it surely looks better and saves a lot of space . 
   it sounds like it at least breaks the absolutely unbearable condition of having the traffic run right around almost all sides of your house making unbearable noise the empty spaces between commieblocks are more often than not utilized as parking spots , so not really . 
   cars zooming by all day and night sounds like the problem is about living besides the main streets . 
   looking outside the windows not even a tree or a grass in sight , only concrete and street pavement as far as they eye can reach . 
  as opposed to looking outside the windows , seeing some unkempt bushes near which the local drunkards like to gather , some grass with dog shit all over it , and another commieblock . 
  and do n't even get me started on grass mowing , that sound is way more annoying than any traffic , and it somehow always tends to happen right besides your windows just when you try to relax . 
   the cities like that do n't feel like they were made for humans but rather for efficiency and cars . 
  commieblock estates do n't feel like they were made for humans either . 
  as a downside , the efficiency part is also lacking . 
  no , i used to inhabit a flat in a commieblock estate for a few years , and that was by far the least livable and worst planned urban ( or rather `` urban '' , as there 's nothing citybuilding about it ) environment i 've ever had occasion to stay in . 
  the tenement houses that somehow survived the ww2 , as well as the modern apartments are both miles ahead of this nightmare . 
   and you call that losing . 
  indeed , your party not forming a government after the elections is generally referred to as `` losing '' . 
  `` economic system '' ? 
  that 's quite bold claim from you , considering that your `` system '' compares to economy in the same way creationism compares to the evolution . 
  the fact that every attempt to implement the religion of communism in the real world will be met with `` it was n't real communism '' denial makes it literally unfalsifiable . 
  there 's no need to rekt it with pixels , it rekts itself on its own well enough . 
  [ whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  and we get quite a lot of those in warsaw lately , and that trend makes me very happy . 
  i mean something like [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/wxhrbjq.jpg ) . 
  i mean the urban planning of neighborhoods , not the style of buildings themselves . 
  even better to live in a normal european-style neighborhood , with wall to wall apartmemt buildings built along the streets . 
   you only like capitalism because it benefits you personally , and not others ? 
  yeah , it 's way better when * everyone * lives shitty and miserable lives like in communism , after all we ca n't risk someone * benefitting personally * ( shudders ) !, 
   lots of space that 's a sign of bad urbanism , cities are supposed to be dense . 
  it 's enough for me that museums in your country are keeping those treasures on display to this day . 
  i do n't consider a bunch of badly kept grass and bushes , main function of which seems to be providing a place for dogs to shit and for hobos to drink cheap liquor to be worthy being called `` greenery '' . 
  it gets old and annoying really fast . 
  nothing beats the european city design , and as a varsovian i always envy the cities that retained it to this day . 
  there are special areas called `` parks '' for that . 
  the city design of regular wall-to-wall buildings built parallelly to the streets is vastly superior to the `` towers in the woods '' design characteristic for commieblocks on pretty much every aspect , and i 'm glad the polish cities are abandoning this experiment and slowly returning to the former . 
  no , i only point out that they have a rather shitty economy even compared to lots of other parts of india . 
  certainly , if i had to live in india , but could chose a state to live in , kerala would be rather low on my list . 
   very space-efficient it seems that they must have built them differently in slovenia then , because around here the commieblock estates are very inefficiently designed , you have to walk a lot to get anywhere , and they are rather low density due to buildings being spread out with nothing but grass ( and sometimes some trees ) in between . 
  `` space-efficient '' is the last word i would use to call the districts of our cities with commieblocks . 
  hardly a nice place to live either . 
  in the process of the robbery swedes destroyed even more artifacts than they actually managed to successfuly steal - modern estimates are that the damage inflicted on poland during the 1655-1660 invasion was proportionally even greater than during the ww2 - so in absolute number of historical polish articacts potentially surviving to this day , it was most likely a net negative . 
   i would n't call it robbed oh , of course you would n't - you were the ones doing the robbery , not the other way around . 
  not for the lack of trying . 
  it 's just that the fairytale of communism is impossible to implement in the real world , and all attempts to do so anyway end up with disastrous results . 
   i 'd say that the government taking over state media the new government taking over the state media from the old government ? 
  it would be weird if it did * not * happen this time around for some reason , if it was consistently the case for every new government since the state media were created . 
  what 's next , people baffled that people from the new government have taken over the ministries from the old government ? 
  the diagram is about * change * in the last 10 years . 
  public drinking being forbidden and the blasphemy laws were around in poland for much longer than that . 
  interesting how we were 18th a year after the government was raiding the headquaters of a weekly that published recordings of the conversations that showed ministers from po in a bad light , but now we are 54th despite nothing even close to that happening during the last 2 years , the laws regarding the press being exactly the same as they were for many years prior to that , and the amount of various press titles representing pretty much every imaginable worldview being as high as ever . 
  that definitely says more about this ranking 's methodology than about poland . 
  facts are against your claims . 
   i have a polish friend and he is like `` i rather take the sanctions '' that 's actually a quite common sentiment in poland in regards to this issue . 
   that is right . 
  and we did n't blackmail anyone either . 
  russia blackmailed them . 
  all we wanted was to get a reliable pipeline and to stop the gas theft . 
  and directly strengthen russia through enabling to increase its influence by making it easier for them to blackmail other countries , but what does germany care about that . 
   but germany is expanding their renewable energy sources , hopefully to replace any kind of fossil fuel source sooner or later . 
  so far , germany is closing down their nuclear power plants and opening new fossil fuel ones to replace them . 
  i surely hope poland goes the opposite way on that one . 
  the amazing thing about ports is that cargo from various different countries can sail into them just as well . 
   so it took you 22 years to be no longer `` the accomplice '' ? 
  we were n't taking part in any project allowing russia to easily blackmail any country that happens to be eastwards from us during those 22 years . 
   and as an alternative you chose qatar , another country known for their high moral standards ? 
  we have chosen a country that happens not to be a hostile existential threat to our country and its neighbors . 
  another interesting thing about ports is that ships from many different countries can sail into them . 
   reality is that you did n't want to pay the price .
