  that does n't change the fact that this is a standard practice in eu and you are the odd ones . 
   also , there 's a big `` if '' if poles in vilnius region is a minority or just a community . 
  probably both . 
   one thing is , pre-ww1 `` poles '' were lithuanians who decided it 's more cool to be polish than lithuanian . 
  so , they were just regular poles . 
  it 's like saying that `` americans '' are germans , brits and poles who decided it 's more cool to be american than german , british or polish . 
   but after ww2 , all the poles were moved to poland proper . 
  around half of them did . 
  the ones that remained is your polish minority . 
   nowadays `` poles '' speak russian some of them probably do . 
  many descendants of poles deported to siberia and kazakhstan sadly speak russian as well nowadays . 
   usually are descendants of ussr-times settlers from russia/belorussia/ukraine . 
  there were lots of poles in russia/belarus/ukraine , even after the 1937-38 genocide of usrr poles . 
  citation needed though . 
   so technically poles qualify only as a community , which does n't get the signs  well , if that 's how prevalent attitude in lithuania looks like , i do n't really care that our relations will most likely worsen after the polish elections next week then . 
   poland would never do that oh , we are not pissed off enough for now , but in the future ? 
  who knows , lately it seems that anything goes in the eu . 
   no since they are not eu citizens \\  implying several thousand newly naturalized polish citizens wo n't suddenly appear the next year , 
  yeah , why basques ca n't just stop being basques and become normal spaniards ? 
  just like arabs they are , damn basques . 
   i get triggered by people caring about something as insignificant as signs i.e. 
  lithuanians . 
  in the european union , having bilingual signs in areas where a significant minority lives is a * standard * practice . 
  nah , if it was done by the method used in lithuania in regards to polish names , it would end up as something like `` kiejstut czerniawski '' . 
   how badly we had it under their last reign yeah , that 7 % a year economic growth , 3.50 pln/eur exchange course , fight against corruption or lowered taxes . 
  and all that in incredibly fragile and exotic coallition . 
  we ca n't allow for such nightmare to ever happen again . 
  though indeed , the thing i remember the most from their reign was constant hysteria in some segment of media , and as a po supporter back then i partially fell victim of it as well , but from the current perpective i see how incredibly shallow and orchestrated it all really was . 
  are you implying that refugees are somehow immune to the infectious diseases , or something ? 
  i do n't really follow you here . 
  if , as you yourself said , 2005-07 period should be treated as any indication - well , that 's when we had the biggest economical growth in recent history , and z\u0142oty strenghtened by a huge marign . 
  at least be consistent in your paranoia . 
  i do as well , i even was a po supporter back then . 
  voting pis this elections . 
   they basically think europe was once-glorious but has utterly lost its powers . 
  yeah , that one is pretty much spot on . 
   what planet are you living on to think people go out of their way to find incandescent bulbs i would . 
  fortunately they are still easily availible around here . 
  yeah , we all wonder what government representatives responsible in this particular case were promised by germany in exchange for making a 180 \u00b0 turn on their stance in the last second , and to the one public opinion is vehemently opposed to . 
  either way the government is on their way out , such a shame the elections were n't a month earlier before damage was done . 
   how about them ? 
  would they like it ? 
  probably not but then again , people in poland do n't like being dictated to take in and sponsor illegal immigrants either . 
  as you have already estabilished in this thread , what * people * like is of no importance . 
  good , then disband schengen and leave us alone . 
  you can send our emmigrants back as well when you are at it , we would very much appreciate it around here . 
  oh but we * can * protect the minorities we already have . 
  nowhere in accession treaty was there an obligation that we have to import * entirely new ones * on top of that . 
  not really , we were doing rather great ever since the reforms in 1988-91 period which finally ended the communist fest of incompetence , stagnation and despair . 
  it was also way better in 2004 than it was in , say , 1994 . 
  what happened was a natural development process , which was at most partially hastened by the flow of eu donations . 
  which facts ? 
  that we benefit from free monies ? 
  sure we are , but at some point the tap with monies will dry down . 
   yes , that worked really well . 
  no , before 2004 the stupid cavemen living around here sadly had no concept of infrastructure , and only after enlightened missionaries from eu came to us savages everything suddenly changed . 
  the country was a literal wasteland before 1 may 2004 . 
   why do you think most countries in eastern europe wanted to join so much it seemed like a nice free-trade , economical cooperation area . 
  i used to be a big supporter of eu as well back then , but well , it really deteriorated ever since then . 
  from our taxes ? 
  eu money is a nice addition , sure , but by no means something * essential * . 
  the non-yellow or red , non-dark blue area . 
   bavarians are a minority in their own capital city of berlin . 
  i 'm not the biggest expert on germany , but i 'm quite sure the * bavarian * capital city is munich , not * berlin * . 
  oh , korwin 's party is a meme party as well , i 've never pretended otherwise . 
  there sadly is no other choice in poland if one 's a supporter of small government , so i am forced to vote for them with great reluctance . 
   `` follow the rules you signed up for yourself , or pay the fine '' so , in this particular case , `` take the illegal immigrants , or pay the fine '' . 
   how are they doing ? 
  literally a meme party . 
  their programme is comedy gold . 
   is it likely they will get any seats ? 
  incredibly unlikely . 
  they 'll be very lucky if they manage to get over the 3 % threshold needed for receiving public funds , otherwise they 'll disband after the elections . 
   no , the deal was `` we 're going to have a vote on the proposal , and the result of the vote is going to be binding to every country that does not have an opt-out '' . 
  ... and thus , with the result of the voting being a foregone conclusion , it literally translated to `` take immigrants , or you will be forced to pay us money '' . 
  i 'm voting for his * party * and political programme , could n't care less about his edgy remarks . 
  i 'm a bit torn between voting for pis and korwin . 
  on one hand , the programme of korwin * party * is the closest one to my personal beliefs . 
  on the other hand , the leader really pisses me off with his constant attempts to sound edgy and controversial . 
  from the lack of a better option i 'll probably still end up voting for them unless the current propaganda campaign in mainstream media will start to work and any danger of po winning will apperar - then it 's pis without a second thought , even if i rather dislike a significant part of their platform . 
   do unions really have such a bad image in poland ? 
  yeah . 
  `` union activists '' regularly occupy the last place ( and by a huge marign ) on various public confidence/respect polls . 
   considering that it was a union called solidarno\u015b\u0107 nah , the 80s solidarno\u015b\u0107 * oficially * was a trade union , sure , but * de facto * it was nothing else but an organized society-wide anti-communist resistance movement . 
  after it more or less fulfilled its role , its influence , membership and support levels drastically dropped , as it transformed into a regular trade union in the 90s . 
   the fact remains that they exist . 
  yeah , if only they * actually * were as effective as this maps pictures them to be ... one can only dream . 
   its former colonies * cough * belarus * cough * ukraine, 
  that was * before * the creation of said constitution , which specifically forbade the liberum veto practice . 
  i knew moldova was n't the most developed country in europe but i never expected you guys simply flooded the entire country and turned it into a lake . 
  propaganda tends to be based at least on a grain of truth after all , even the nazi one . 
  if that was the nazi-propaganda description of the soviet union , then it seems that they were spot on for once . 
  sadly , nazis were n't any better - but that 's a topic for a different discussion . 
  ... and that would still be an improvement over those territories remaining and suffering under barbaric , totalitarian soviet rule . 
  anyhow , at the time of those military operations a concept of intermarium - a loose federation of central and eastern european states - still existed and was pursued . 
  it 's only natural that the polish army , together with its belarusian and ukrainian allies , worked towards that goal . 
  after our failure to defeat bolsheviks decisively ( and under pressure from nationalist opposition ) the project was sadly scrapped around 1921 . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/25/pbw_august_1920.png )  odessa , perhaps vladivostok and irkutsk as well ? 
  thanks mate , now i 'll remember , when january comes , to post about the anniversary of czechoslovakia joining lenin 's soviet russia invasion and carve-up of my country ( poland ) in 1919 . 
   a ) georgia attacked russia no , georgia attacked * russian-occupied * georgian territory .
