  the fact that you have declared independence with your capital in wilno was irrelevant . 
  a good thing you have not declared your capital to be san francisco , as that would be even more problematic . 
  by doing it you merely claimed vilnius as yours in 1918 - and so did poland . 
  in my other posts i tried to explain to you thoroughly why `` poles live in the city and also in the countryside around it , and we also control it since the germans left '' is a better claim than `` hurr durr it was our capital in medieval times so it 's ours even though we do n't live there anymore '' . 
  that 's the exact same data that is in the official documents , just in higher resolution . 
  so the lithuanian 2001 census is bullshit ? 
  well , that 's good to know . 
  [ well , you need a bit higher resolution to see where that areas are . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/11/poles_in_lithuania_barry_kent.png ), 
  lithuanians in poland live in three or four villages along the border . 
  poles in lithuania are a major ethnic group in a large continnuous part of your country . 
  interesingly enough , the very part acquired by lithuania not that long ago from poland . 
  ... actually that 's precisely why you do n't wa n't to give them autonomy and just pretend they are lithuanians who were maliciousy convinced that they are poles . 
  i understand lithuanian point of view better than you think i do , and i know it 's not in your interests . 
  timisoara was never a part of romania before 1920 . 
  neither was bratislava part of any czech or slovak state before 1920 . 
  yet they were given to the respective countries based on ethnic lines . 
  and so was wilno . 
   since most of polish residents emigrated back to poland after wwii . 
  they have . 
  and yet they are still majority in this area and are denied autonomy . 
  you have not proved anything either . 
  maybe save for this part about your own skewed version of history . 
  vilna was not a part of lithuania at any point before 1920 . 
  you have claimed it , and so had poland , lit-bel , and possibly some other countries , but that does n't make it automatically your territory which could be `` annexed '' by the evul poland . 
  we have annexed it in 1922 . 
  you have annexed it in 1920 ( and yes , you claimed it since 1918 , but so did we ) . 
  we have controlled it since 1919 ( and fought several battles with bolsheviks over it ) . 
  before it was controlled by ober-ost . 
  no , it 's just a little bit of banter , because i 'm really amused by lithuanians hysterically and hopelessly trying to defend their skewed version of history . 
  also , * you * have started this discussion about historical belonging of wilno/vilna/vilnius . 
  i was talking about the reason of current pro-russian stance of polish minority in lithuania . 
   was part of lithuania ... according to lithuania . 
  the first time lithuania was actually in control of the city was when soviets gave the city to them in late summer of 1920 . 
  before that it was controlled , depending on changing fronts , either by polish administration or various bolshevik states like lit-bel soviet republic and soviet russia . 
  there was no clear ethnic majority in vilna in 1920 . 
  the two main ethnicities in the city were jewish ( speaking yiddish and polish ) - about 40 % , and poles ( speaking polish ) - who , depending on census , were either 30 % ( 1897 russian one ) , or 50 % ( 1916 german one ) of city 's population . 
  both censuses agree that there was about 2 % of lithuanians in the city . 
  the obvious conclusion is that the city should without doubt be awarded to lithuania . 
  i love discussing this issue with your countrymen , you are so deluded . 
   the line was incomplete and did not provide adequate protection to vilnius . 
   the most controversial issue -- the future of the city of vilnius -- was not explicitly addressed . 
   the city was founded in the beginning of the 4th century by emperor constantine , and turkish population started to grow only in 16-17 century , mostly because of turkish language status and lack of greek identity ( and popularity of turkish identity ) , in these times most of ethnic greeks in constantinople started to identify themselves as turks . 
  the logical conclusion is that istanbul should be given to greece right now . 
  it was historically a greek capital , and that 's the single only thing that matters . 
  and \u017beligowski has retaken our rightful lands taken from poland by soviet russia during the polish-soviet war and given by it to lithuania in 1920 . 
  see , i can play this game of `` but you took it first '' too . 
   our rightful lands how could they be your rightful lands [ if at the time the population of that area was vehemently polish \\ ( with a strong jewish minority \\ ) . 
  after 70 years of first ussr , and now lithuania , numerous deportations to siberia and the fact that a lot of them have emigrated to poland !, 
  okey , i get that on the other hand wilno/vilniaus is your historical capital . 
  and you are a small nation . 
  but your claim to it in the interwar period was exactly as justified as would be claim of today 's greece to istanbul . 
  edit : fixed the link with map , it was corrupted, 
   that stance is totally against what polish government and about 90 % of the poles are thinking . 
  very weird . 
  it 's not really that weird if you know something about history of poles living in territories annexed by lithuania in 1939 . 
  [ i think this explains the whole situation well . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_national-territorial_region ) basically poles , who were ( and still are ) a majority in the vilnius area ( though not in the city itself anymore ) have proclaimed an autonomous region in 1990 . 
  they had support of local russians and the communist party . 
  soon after lithuania regained independence . 
  they denied poles any kind of autonomy though . 
  that 's why , unlike their compatriots in the homeland , poles living in lithuania are very pro-russian . 
   there are a lot of ethnically russian folks in poland . 
   as a result , there 's a good chunk of polish that are ethnically russian or from other former-ussr nations . 
   its native people got sent to siberia . 
  uhm ... what ? 
  seriously , i think i live in a different poland than the one you are talking about . 
  there are more vietnamese or even * americans * than russians living in poland right now . 
  the thing you have described is true only about the easternmost parts of poland anexed by ussr when it invaded us in 1939 , and which are nowadays parts of lithuania , belarus and ukraine . 
   while the polish government might be very anti-russia , that mentality is n't shared by everyone . 
  i can assure you that the anti-russian stance of polish government is one of the most popular things this government has ever done . 
  that technicality being the fact that no country can be forced to join erm ii . 
  and without being in erm ii for 2 years you are not eligible for joining the eurozone . 
  thus a country can , if it wishes to , indefinitely postpone ez accession by deliberately not meeting one of the requirements . 
  which is what sweden does since the 1999 , and what will be the policy of czech republic and poland for the forseeable future . 
  probably around the time sweden joins . 
  popular support is abysmal so no party would risk such move , not even mentioning it would need a change in our constitution which would require 2/3 of votes . 
  or , if by some miracle world economy is suddenly again like before 2008 , as soon as possible . 
  joining in current situation would be a bad move for our country . 
  euro seems unstable and you ca n't be sure it will last another 10 years . 
  also , z\u0142oty is heavily undervalued now , which boosts our exports . 
  we will lose that advantage when we join eurozone . 
  [ the green island , totally untouched by the crisis . 
  ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/3/8239/z8239153q,polska-jako-jedyny-kraj-w-unii-europejskiej-nie-za.jpg ) honestly though , exactly like with our hard stance in ukrainian crisis , it 's the `` poland strong '' propaganda for domestic use . 
  i do n't think sikorski really is going to become eu policy chief either , even though he is one of the very few people in the ruling party which i have some respect left for . 
  there are countries in which there are no tescos ? 
  yes , even the name literally means `` congress of the new right '' . 
  they are eurosceptics , but it 's not the primary focus of their election platform . 
  immigration is not really an issue in poland , as we do n't get many immigrants , though they are in favour of strict immigration laws . 
  the more moderate parties in poland are , economically speaking , all the same . 
  the `` far right '' party ( knp ) is the only one which offers some kind of economical libertarianism . 
  thus i have no choice but to vote for them . 
  as economy is the thing that matters the most , social issues are not really a factor in my choice , though still - as i consider myself a moderate conservative in that regard , even their ultraconservative view on social issues is better for me than the decadent view of the leftist parties . 
  well , the significantly more liked military dictator was one of the crucial figures in regaining our statehood after over 100 years of captivity . 
  he has also won the war with soviet fucking russia . 
  the other one was a foreign puppet and did everything he could to ensure that the soviet influence in poland will remain a dominant force for as long as he could . 
  shame that this traitor of the nation and soviet agent has escaped the justice and died of old age unpunished . 
  he should have been executed 25 years ago . 
  it was already tried in 2005 . 
  and did n't work out .
