  oh , but it 's perfectly understandable . 
  just an average polish name . 
  and you even read it exactly how it 's written . 
  well , that 's not something unexpected after that recent tax rises . 
  maybe your country did it . 
  we owe them nothing . 
  neither greece , nor poland , nor any other country in europe except russia , uk , france , germany , italy , spain , portugal , netherlands and belgium were colonial powers . 
  http://www.isidewith.com/results/100251434 mitt romney 90 % gary johnson 77 % virgil goode 65 % barack obama 13 % though if i were american i 'd rather vote for johnson than romney . 
  or ron paul , if he were a candidate . 
  http://politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=5.38&amp;soc=3.13 http://www.politicaltest.net/test/result/153885/ seems about right , but i thought i 'm somewhat more libertarian . 
  no more ... 
  this . 
  i 'd cheer only for polish athletes in that team . 
  before wwii that was german city of koenigsberg . 
  city was nearly completely destroyed in 1945 and was not rebuilt ( for example where the old town was now it 's a park ) , instead soviets build new city of kaliningrad on the same place and today virtually nothing remained from pre-war koenigsberg . 
   posen  danzig  galizia nice try , germans . 
   ugh , actually communist states had an awesome social programs which largely ended poverty in those countries . 
  there provided free houses , subsidized vacations , cheap food , plenty of employment . 
  oh , life under that occupational govenment for 50 years was so awesome . 
  how nice from them they ended poverty caused by wwii which started because of soviet-nazi alliance . 
  and those cool social programs !, 
  so sad they were so inefficient , that even now , in 2012 , we are paying off debts for them . 
  that free houses ( aka prefabricated blocks of flats ) which are complete urban development disaster . 
  and do n't forget about that great , socialist economy , so great that after 20 years after end of occupation with we are still lightyears behind countries which were on par or even poorer than us before wwii , but `` unfortunately '' for them they were n't `` liberated '' by freedom loving red army . 
  well , no wonder that hammer and sickle is treated in my country as something equal to nazi swastika . 
  and lithuanians had it worse than us , because they did n't had even that puppet government . 
  in 30 years most of population of paris will be of immigrant , mostly arabic , descent . 
  i doubt you would so gladly support them if one day something went wrong and they would decide to proclaim arabic republic of paris , with arabic as the official language . 
  and yet something similar happened in kosovo , which used to be heart of serbia , but now is as serbian as paris might be french in several tens years . 
  it 's of course some kind of hyperbole , but i hope you 'll understand what i mean . 
  nobody there is truly innocent . 
  serbs were n't the only ones which were making massacres , but they were unanimously proclaimed the only `` bad guys '' in yugoslavian wars to the point in which seizure of native and core serbian territory by artificial state ruled by mafia is considered something rightful . 
  i 'm still ashamed that my country recognized independence of kosovo . 
  if we did it , we should as well recognize abkhazia and south ossetia so as to equally treat violation of territorial integrity of both serbia and georgia . 
   one , the golden dawn affiliation with the ` likes ' for it so what ? 
  it 's not an illegal organisation . 
   two , [ ... ] it 's not an exclusion from society , it 's an exclusion from a specific group . 
  they can have limits as a group . 
  of course they can . 
  but i could imagine what outrage we would see here if some athlete from some other country was excluded because for example he was a supporter of socialist party . 
  or because he was black and that country happened to be racist one . 
  well , by your logic , it would be perfectly fine - it would not be exclusion from society , but from specific group , and they can have limits like `` no socialists , or no blacks allowed '' so what 's the problem ? 
  you need to find some better reasons . 
  oh , you . 
  you are not allowed to break `` democrats good , republicans bad '' circlejerk under any circumstance on / r/europe . 
   culturally it was a part of poland ftfy, 
  / r/europe has a bunch of vocal left wing crazies . 
  my hypothesis is that they seem more prevalent on the internet , because it 's unfiltered , and they can ignore facts far more easily than if challenged in a synchronous medium . 
  i fixed that for you , so you could maybe see your mistake more easily . 
  fact that someone has different political views than you does n't always imply that your views are in some way superior . 
  ( edit : spelling ), 
  greece : since 2008 , gdp has dropped by 22 % , wages have fallen by 30 % , average household income is down by 50 % , purchasing power has shrunk to what it was in the 1970 's . 
  yet they are still far richer than poland and other countries occupied for 50 years by soviet union ( aka former `` eastern block '' ) . 
  now that 's really depressing for me . 
  i love how you 're getting downvoted even when you happen to write something reasonable . 
  well , we do n't even participate in eurovision anymore . 
  as a fellow pole i must agree with you . 
  eu seemed cool back then in 2004 , but now each year it 's getting worse and worse , as we are forced to give back more and more of our sovereignity to bureaucrats somewhere far in brussels not even elected by anyone . 
  eu needs substantial reforms ( kind of what we are discussing here ) before we can even think about further integration , an even then i 'd rather live in independent poor country , than in poor province of some artifical union . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ffoab.png guess i 'm not following the general trend here, 
  oh , some wis\u0142a ultras came to the netherlands practice on wis\u0142a stadium , which they do n't want because they hate that whole euro thing and they 'd be very glad if they could ruin it , and booed some players ? 
  tell me more about how backward and racist my country is . 
  www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp1ht4bxylk - my video evidence . 
  show me video of that training on which anyone is racist abused , and i 'll be first to admit being wrong . 
  ( edit : videos ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vapcojtwyca - even better : whole training ( starts about 00:55:30 ) . 
  edit 2 , because they finally uploaded video into article to prove the news : http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2012/jun/08/racist-chants-holland-uefa - ok , there are weird noises here about 0:15 . 
  even on this video you can clearly see that it 's isolated incident where few people are for a few seconds emiting strange sounds , which perhaps have been `` monkey noises '' . 
  you got me , i admit i could been wrong . 
   rfa/rda = frg/gdr ( at the time germany was still divided ) no . 
  it 's clearly pre-wwii map . 
  look at borders of poland and romania . 
   my questions to you are ; when do you think eu will become so integrated that we wo n't have national representations ? 
  never . 
  that would definitely kill european or even world football on international level . 
  that 's not what i really would like to see anytime soon . 
  green - already built red - under construction other colors - planned, 
  it was also pretty good for hungarians and poles . 
  well , if that 26 countries really want to put those limits , why do n't they do it by themselves , without eu-wide regulation ? 
  poland will always try to block any attempt to do something that would harm our economy that bad , at least until we build several nuclear powerplants . 
  selfish ? 
  i 'd rather call it realpolitik . 
  poland . 
  crisis ? 
  what crisis ? 
  we were poor 5 years ago , and we are poor now . 
  nothing really changed . 
  the most noticeable thing are probalby insane prices of gasoline , which doubled in last few years ( 6 pln now which is about 1.4 euro per l ) . 
  biggest economical issue is now our retirement scheme , which is going to collapse in few years ( government is planning reforms like raising the retirement age to 67 , but it will collapse anyway because demographics ) , but i do n't think it 's really connected with economical crisis . 
  what about crisis in europe ? 
  in media i hear mostly about greece . 
  popular opinion is that they should leave eurozone and declare bankruptcy . 
  they think what their voters think : `` a 2010 study published in the newspaper rzeczpospolita revealed that poles overwhelmingly oppose gay marriage and the adoption of children by gay couples . 
  79 % of poles opposed gay marriage , with only 16 % in favor . 
  meanwhile , 93 % of poles opposed the adoption of children by gay couples , with only 5 % taking a favourable view . 
  most poles also oppose gay parades . 
  a 2008 study revealed that 66 % of poles believe that gay people should not have the right to organize public demonstrations , with 27 % taking the opposite view . 
  according to the same study , 69 % of poles believe that gay people should not have the right to be openly gay , with 25 % of poles disagreeing . 
  a survey from 2005 found 89 % of the population stating that they considered homosexuality an `` unnatural '' activity . 
  additionally , only half believed homosexuality should be tolerated . '', 
  - from [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_poland ),
