  the only thing that remained from all that advantage is the more dense railway , but even then most of the connections are not used and were closed by now . 
  also , most importantly , the region is remote and badly connected to the core parts of poland . 
  quite funny coming from a kacap , considering your troops had their [ fair share of running and crying after you tried to capture polish-defended warsaw the last time ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_warsaw_%281920%29 ) . 
  edit warning : severe russian butthurt in comments below . 
   the northern coastal bit is eastern pommerania [ are you using the german terminology ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pomerania#terminology ), 
  it 's west pomerania . 
  it 's a quite poor area , with high unemployment ( even by polish standards ) . 
  there are mostly forests and small lakes there , but very few industry or farmlands . 
  there are no big cities there except for szczecin , but it 's right at the border with germany . 
  it is , look closer at the part of poland near the czech-polish-slovak tripoint . 
   former silesia it 's still called silesia . 
   stationing the entire ** us army ** at their eastern border is a good idea : / but it is a good idea . 
  it 's always amusing to me when i see such maps with the whole silesia marked , including the western and central parts which were settled in the 1940s ' by poles from current ukraine and belarus . 
  [ the approximate maximum possible extent of a future silesian separatism is inside the red circle on this map . 
  a taxi driver . 
  [ oh , only almost forty years ago . 
  i think you rather get downvoted because you are spouting half-truths , misinformation and plain lies , some of which i pointed out in my previous posts . 
   my last reply here due to retarded rule of waiting for 10 min between replys . 
  very convenient . 
  and the `` retarded rule '' is because you have gotten too much downvotes on this subreddit . 
  which does n't really surprise me considering the quality of your posts . 
   thats irrelevant because you decided so ? 
  well , as opposed to being relevant because you decided so . 
  the recognition of ethnic minorities has nothing to do with what countries nations borders . 
  3 millions of poles in germany are not an ethnic minority , despite poland bordering germany . 
   sadly for you eu rules and un human rights guidelines dont care about that . 
  that 's allright , latvia and estonia are doing everything according eu rules and un human rights . 
   feel free to quote international law on that . 
  article 22 ( 2 ) ( b ) of the 1991 ilc draft code of crimes against the peace and security of mankind considers `` the establishment of settlers in an occupied territory and changes to the demographic composition of an occupied territory '' as an `` exceptionally serious war crime '' . 
  according to the international law , russians living in the baltic states are a result of an `` exceptionally serious war crime '' . 
  hope you are satisfied . 
   i linked you un minorities guide . 
  ask them . 
  un minorities guide : * those who have been established for a long time on the territory may have stronger rights than those who have recently arrived . 
  * the best approach appears to be to avoid making an absolute distinction between `` new '' and `` old '' minorities by excluding the former and including the latter , but to recognize that in the application of the declaration the `` old '' minorities have stronger entitlements than the `` new '' as one would expect , there is nothing in un guide about bordering a nation from which immigrants ( illegal ones i would add ) came from magically making an immigrant minority the ethnic minority . 
  bordering countries ? 
  that 's irrelevant to this particular case . 
  russians in latvia/estonia are recent immigrants , more so - illegal immigrants according to the international law as they came there when it was under the soviet occupation . 
  they are not historical ethnic minority like germans in alzace or hungarians in transylvania , but immigrant minority like turks in germany . 
  how is the fact that they came from a neighbouring country relevant ? 
  you also surely post much about russia for a slovenian . 
  i 'm sure you are also a vocal supporter of somalian minority in sweden , morrocan minority in the netherlands and polish minority in united kingdom . 
  because those are the closest cases to who russians in latvia/estonia are . 
  if russians deserve russian street names in riga , then we deserve polish street names in london . 
  slovenian minorities are native to the region , estonian and latvian minorities are a result of a recent migration of russians during the occupation of baltic states by ussr . 
  that 's quite a big difference . 
  i 'm pretty sure those black people who have `` helped with the bad stuff in africa '' have benefited immensely from the exploitation of africa . 
   take a look at your shirt . 
  read the tag . 
  made in poland with polish labor conditions ? 
  made in bangladesh by slaves ? 
  you 're contributing to slavery , have a fucking medal !, 
  these clothes are sold all around the world , bangladesh included . 
  well , sorry that i 'm not going around naked . 
   right , but those very companies then turn around and sell their slave-produce in europe , the us , etc. 
  allowing the sale of slave-made products means you are complicit with slavery . 
  they also sell their `` slave '' produce in china , india and burkina faso . 
  what 's your point exactly ? 
  that we should not buy anything at all from the third world countries ? 
  that surely will benefit them and make them less poor . 
  i 'd take labour in `` slave '' conditions over dying from hunger anytime . 
   more coups and interventions arranged by the west , mostly the us or uk : almost all of them are from the cold war era . 
  hardly surprising , soviet union couped multiple governments too . 
  that 's how the cold war was fought . 
   russia ( 1993 ) there was a * western coup * in * russia * in 1993 ? 
  are you the tinfoil hat kind of a guy ? 
   invade is n't the right word . 
  he was n't even the one who have used this exact word in the first place . 
  imperialism and slavery are pretty much responsible for the first world 's standard of living . 
  well , it might come off as a terrible surprise to you , but my country does not have the first world standard of living . 
  i also do n't recall any imperialism and slavery commited in the third world by it . 
   ( bunch of books and links which probably have some truth and merit in them , but it 's clear they were written with heavy agenda ) let me rephrase your own completely unrelated post . 
   european countries that engage in the most imperialism and slavery in the third world ? 
   i meant in the modern day . 
  there are definitely no european countries that engage in imperialism and slavery in the third world * right now * . 
  though i have no doubt there are some european-based corporations which may profit from slavery-like working conditions in their third world factories . 
   remember * the last time * a country tried to nationalize its own resources so that multinational leeches from the uk/us could n't profit off of slavery and rapacious resource extraction ? 
  seems that your definition of `` modern day '' is quite broad then . 
  well , they are not really known as food-exporting nations . 
  the map would probably be blank then . 
  what 's wrong with replying with whataboutism to whataboutism ? 
  i think you should rather respond to the higher level comment . 
  edit : oh , it was you in the higher level comment . 
  well , it 's even better then . 
  you are literally commiting flaw of whataboutery in your original comment and then when someone points it out you respond with the link about whataboutery . 
   you are spot on . 
  even if polish-speakers were almost a half in vilnius in these days , does n't mean they identified themselves as poles or were poles for that matter . 
  we know that the vast majority of wilno/vilnius inhabitants have not identified with the new ethnic lithuanian state . 
  hardly a surprise , polish speaking people would rather live in polish speaking nation than lithuanian speaking nation even if they identified as both poles and lithuanians . 
   we are taught shit in schools . 
  mostly because of the influence of soviet version of history . 
  only now new generation of historians rises , who tries to look at history objectively , without demonising poles f.e. 
  can you say the same ? 
  our historians demonising lithuanians ? 
  i have read dozens of historical books and have never encountered anything like that . 
  even during the commie times we had independent historians ( like [ pawe\u0142 jasienica ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pawe%c5%82_jasienica ) ) . 
  there are also people like [ norman davies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norman_davies ) who write about polish history with nice outside perspective . 
   vilnius was not lithuanian city per se ( it was very multinational and multicultural since the beginning of times , it was even called north jerusalem ) , precisely . 
  that is a very important point in polish historography .
