  and all the lands given back to poland in 1919 after the treaty of versailles were ethnically majority polish . 
  areas of the former kingdom of poland with german majority remained in the weimar republic . 
  well , to be honest he is not wrong . 
  the west slavic lechitic tribe of pomorzanie lived there about 1000 years ago . 
  the name of region could come from them well enough . 
  now , the name `` pomorzanie '' has the exact etymology you have described . 
  so , in a way , you are both right . 
   so you have no argument , therefore you 're going to resort to being pedantic ? 
  * you * have no argument and are using oddly specific definitions in order to get your point across . 
   all mainstream anarchist movements are socialist , almost all notable anarchists in history have been socialists , the biggest mainstream anarchist today , is socialist , when people refer to `` anarchists '' they refer to socialist anarchists , otherwise they specify which anarchist it is . 
   furthermore , i specifically mentioned the likes of anarcho-capitalism in my comment , where your comment said `` i do n't see anything socialist about anarchism '' , and i expressly refuted that . 
  i know most anarchists tend to be socialists at the same time . 
  but still , despite your claims there is nothing inherently socialist about anarchism * itself * . 
   no , i said `` no fixed definition '' . 
  i understand that english is not your first language , but that does n't give you an excuse to lie . 
  which is exactly what i would describe as `` no real socialism '' . 
  as there 's no fixed definition , it 's perfectly alright to change definition of socialism as time progresses so it does n't include all it 's fuckups so far . 
   as opposed to this never happening under capitalism ... 
  there are capitalist countries which are peaceful , rich and developed . 
  there was no instance in human history of such communist/socialist countries ( and no , nordic countries are not socialist ) . 
   shitty logic that makes absolutely no sense . 
  if you try something once and it fails , then it has failed every time and it can never be tried again . 
  by your logic . 
  seems i am not the only one being pedantic . 
  you know excactly what i meant . 
   except it has consistently be proven right , so i do n't know where you 're getting that from . 
  by whom , some leftist blogers ? 
  some fedora wearing neckbeards on reddit ? 
  every prediction of marxist ideology so far was wrong . 
  there 's no historical determinism . 
  class conflict is not inevitable . 
  workers ' conditions in last century has actually gotten much better . 
  it turns our proletarian revolution does n't lead to paradise classless society . 
  and i wo n't even mention economical part of marxist theory which was ridiculed by every serious economist , including keynes . 
   sphere of interests !, 
  hello , are we playing victoria ii here ? 
  you have no sphere of interests . 
  every country in europe is free to ally with anyone it wishes to - and does n't need russian permission to do so . 
  moreso , russia acting as if it somehow had right to decide about alliances of other countries was actually a significant factor in those countries allying with the usa at first opportunity . 
  oh , now i see . 
  only socialist branches of anarchism are the * real * anarchism , so of course anarchism is a socialist ideology . 
  how aptly . 
  i guess those ones http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anarcho-capitalism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_anarchism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/individualist_anarchism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anarchism_without_adjectives http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/existentialist_anarchism have nothing to do with anarchism then . 
  all you say is that the fact that most supporters of anarchism tend to be socialist leaning makes anarchist a socialist ideology . 
  do n't you see how it makes no sense ? 
   socialism is has no fixed definition yeah , i heard that before , no real socialism . 
  how unfortunate that every time someone tried to implement marxist ideology in real world all we got was genocide , slavery , dictatorship , suffering and hunger . 
  but of course , you will tell me that the ideology is flawless , just the people implementing made mistakes so it was n't `` real socialism/communism/whatever '' . 
  no , of course it was n't . 
  because that 's impossible . 
  there is no way for socialist society to exist without every single member of it actively working towards that goal - which is absolutely impossible . 
  if ideology fails one time , it could be that it was implemented wrongly . 
  if it fails every time - there 's probably something wrong with ideology . 
  i ca n't wrap my head around the fact that there are still people treating marx 's works seriously in * 21th century * . 
  it was proven to be wrong multiple times . 
  it 's a dead end . 
  a lysenkoism , a creation science of ideologies . 
   anarchism is a political philosophy that advocates stateless societies often defined as self-governed voluntary institutions  anarchism holds the state to be undesirable , unnecessary , or harmful . 
  i do n't see anything socialist about anarchism . 
  it looks more like radical libertarianism to me . 
  though of course your and mine definitions of `` socialism '' might be vastly different . 
  anarchism has nothing to do with marxism , leninism or communism . 
  surely , there exist some branches of anarchism which draw from that ideologies . 
  yet you also have anarcho-capitalism . 
  there are as many forms of anarchism as there are anarchists . 
   degenerated workers ' state they were n't degenerated , that 's exactly how communist fairytale looks like implemented in practice . 
  and i 'd rather say a lot of people * over * estimate how popular communist regimes were in eastern bloc countries . 
   how did the us screw poland over ? 
  by promising and negotiating the nato-instalations-on-polish-soil deal and then backing down at the last moment ? 
  i 'd say it severely damaged perception of the usa here in poland as a trustworthy ally who will come to help us in case of war . 
  yes , i 'm butthurt because i do n't consider 40 years of soviet occupation of my country to be the defining moment of my nation . 
  sorry if it irks you . 
  exactly . 
  perpetuating the old nomenclature surely wo n't help it disappear . 
  are you sure ? 
  when was the last time you have looked at the map of europe ? 
  the geographical center of poland is to the west of any geographical center of europe . 
  hence even going by purely geographical definition we are more western than eastern . 
  if you mistakenly consider germany to be the center of europe , feel free to call sweden and austria eastern european . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  still using the long outdated cold war era definition in 2014 and ignoring everything else looks really silly . 
  if we can be eastern , so can be austria . 
  it makes about as much sense . 
   why hospitals ? 
  we have no obligation to help the injured !, 
  paid from the taxes of the citizens using them . 
   why schools ? 
  we have no obligation to educate the people !, 
  paid from the taxes of the citizens using them . 
   why roads ? 
  we have no obligation to let people travel !, 
  paid from the taxes of the citizens using them . 
   why police ? 
  we have no obligation to protect the people !, 
  paid from the taxes of the citizens protected by it . 
  that 's not the case with asylum seekers . 
  and i 'm not saying we should n't take any asylum seekers , because there are some cases where we should . 
  but , as you can clearly see , your analogy is entirely false . 
  at last . 
  though i still hate how the us has screwed us over the missile shield the first time .
