  damage was so severe though , i think it still will take decades to neutralize it completely . 
   are n't your people travelling abroad ? 
  not to romania . 
  in contrast to common holiday destinations - czechia , slovakia and hungary , which are fairy well known in poland and considered to be our central european brothers and the most similar countries to ours in all aspects , romania is virtually unknown , and if any image of it exists in common conscience it would be `` some ultra-poor backwards falling state of gypsies somewhere far away in eastern europe '' , and probably the first answer when asked about `` the worst/poorest country in europe '' . 
  as i said , it 's slowly changing , but as romania was even behind russia in the recent `` most disliked country poll '' i guess it will still take a long time . 
  in 90s , poland experienced a large influx of gypsy criminals and beggars from romania . 
  they were always called `` romanian citizens '' by pc media , which created a `` romanians = codeword for gypsies '' association in polish society ( to the point where an ordinary word `` rumun '' - meaning simply `` a romanian '' gained pejorative undertone , similar to gypsy or beggar ) . 
  i guess slovakia was just lucky their gypsies stayed in their country . 
  i wonder how long it will take for poland to overtake ukraine 's population . 
  it was 52 million to 37 million in 1990 , now it 's 42 million to 38 million . 
  and with each ukrainian coming to poland the difference decreases by 2 . 
  greece * is * an eastern european country that was lucky enough not to be occuppied by soviets after ww2 . 
  before the war they were in the same league as yugoslavia and bulgaria . 
  is n't it already irrelevant ? 
  bratislava was settled and long belonged to the hungarian state . 
  slovakia had no rights and never had to this region . 
  san francisco was settled and long belonged to the spanish state . 
  united states had no rights and never had to this region . 
  istanbul was settled and long belonged to the greek state . 
  turkey had no rights and never had to this region . 
  london was settled and long belonged to the roman state . 
  england had no rights and never had to this region . 
  we can go on like that . 
  i know it might come off as a shock to you , but populations of the cities and regions sometimes change over time . 
  wilno might have been a lithuanian vilnius back in 14th century , but over time due to attractiveness of polish culture and voluntary assimilation it gradually became polish . 
  by 1920 wilno was about as lithuanian as krak\u00f3w or warsaw - proportion of people identyfying with the lithuanian state living there was akin to a statistical error . 
  so , to be more precise , lithuania had no rights * anymore * ( though it * used to have * , sure , poland used to have rights to everything east of elbe once as well ) to this region . 
  all the members of the polish party in the german empire 's reichstag were also opponents of pomerania and greater poland ( the regions they were elected from ) being controlled by germany , but it does n't mean they had no place there . 
   russian - evil indeed , i do n't think you could better sum up the history of poland since 1700 in a one sentence . 
   no it is always `` evil russian imperialism and expansionism '' of course . 
  yes , that expression accurately describes the developments of 1772-1795 where russia was the leading force in dismantling the completely non-belligerent commonwealth ( which included the [ three ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bar_confederation ) [ russian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93russian_war_of_1792 ) [ invasions of it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ko%c5%9bciuszko_uprising ) ) , and the brutal russian occuppation of poland throughout the 19th century , which negative consequences can be clearly seen on any data map of poland even today . 
  i wo n't even start on 20th century , where russia managed to oneup itself once again . 
  iraq ? 
  i do n't think any of those were `` emerging democracies '' . 
  polish language does not differentiate between `` gender '' and `` sex '' ( the word `` p\u0142e\u0107 '' seems to be used in both cases , and it originally means `` sex '' ) , so there exist a widespread conviction in polish society that the whole concept of `` gender '' is an ideological invention of the extreme far-left created in order to undermine the society . 
  terrorism * is * an extreme form of `` activism '' however you look at it . 
  it 's cheaper than paying if you are in v4 . 
  not taking in anyone who is not coming to us * dircectly * from an unsafe country , as is fully with accordance with the international treaties signed by us , is even cheaper . 
   and you are actually helping people in need . 
  there are already enough `` people in need '' to be helped in our country even without taking in thousands of third world immigrants . 
   they leave even better for you cause you can say see we tried they left we can probably even fund them buses up to the german border . 
   but no let 's br bitchy about it and destroy our relations because of small amount of people . 
  oh , how i wish the european commission took your advice into consideration , i 'm also baffled at how determined they seem at destroying our relations . 
   they do n't want to abide by the democratic , constitutionally sound decisions of the european council and/or parliament , they should push to secede from the union . 
  yeah , it would appear that 's the european council 's endgame lately . 
  not that i mind really . 
   . you will pay that money if you do n't take them we will also have to pay to accomodate them in our countries if we are forced by such ransom to take them in . 
  either way , it 's a lose-lose situation , and i do n't expect it to pass . 
   you see , those are not memorials to fighters against polish underground state . 
  actually , that was * precisely * the case with the one removal of which russia protested the loudest last year . 
   they talk with me like i am a russian war criminal who have murdered members of polish resistance . 
  no , we only talk to them like they were defending monuments of russian war criminal who have murdered members of polish resistance . 
   russians ( en masse ) see that poles try to somehow desecrate memorials to their grandfathers who died fighting nazi germany ... and fighting the polish underground state . 
  and murdering the polish resistance . 
  and occupying poland for 45 years afterwards . 
  no wonder we do n't want memorials of them over here . 
   and vice versa , poles do not even try to show it somehow differently as desecrating the graves . 
  we leave the cemeteries alone , it 's the various monuments in parks or on the streets we tend to remove . 
   poland is n't forgiven for what it demonstratively does with soviet memorials of wwii . 
  so we are apparently not allowed to remove foreign memorials of russian war criminals who have massacred members of polish resistance , am i reading it right ? 
  russian occupation of poland ended over 25 years ago , and such a shame your soldiers did n't take those monuments together with them when they were retreating so we had to remove them ourselves . 
  unlike pakistanis in london , or turks in germany , poles in this video are native inhabitants of that area , and lived there before the current lithuanian population came to the city after ww2 . 
  so this video is more like a one of british minority waving british flags in pakistani-dominated london in 2100 . 
   note that after 1922 to 1937 about 90 % of lithuanians were expeled from vilnius ( or left themselves ) . 
  so the ammount of lithuanians in the city dropped from 2 % in 1916 to 0.2 % in 1937 ? 
  not true , the polish census of 1931 shows that lithuanians formed over 0.8 % of city 's population . 
   my point was that we started benefiting from eu since 1994 oh , so the situation in which we are benefiting from the eu without the eu membership is possible after all . 
   you can not say we would grow just as well without eu , because our economy was propelled by it almost since the very start . 
  it 's likely that we would n't , but then again i 'd rather have us grow a little less than having all the hard effort of poles in rebuilding our country throughout the last 30 or so years dismissed as `` le eu free monies in action '' . 
  i 'm personally very sensitive to it . 
   a high growth from a very low base is hardly an impressive thing . 
  that 's why poland 's growth after joining the eu is nothing impressive either , as our base is still very low . 
  anyhow , our gdp since 1989 grew * four * times . 
  around half of this period was spent by us in the eu and we indeed doubled our gdp during those 12 years , but we also doubled our gdp during the 12 years preceding that as well . 
  personally , i find poland 's achievements in 1989-2004 period much more impressive than those in 2004-2016 , as they are what made all the difference between us and ukraine . 
  we were already a few times richer than them in 2004 , while they were slightly ahead of us in 1989 . 
   because obviously showing polish economy nosediving after devastating years of post-1989 hyperinflation even that would put the * pre-eu poland * in good light , as compared to other countries formerly occupied by soviets , in poland this transitional period was among the least severe . 
   message of whoever tried to comply that image , right ? 
  i was not aware bankier.pl 's reports on gdp growth , which is a source of this image , are supposed to have an anti-eu bias . 
   without the access to common market poland would neither grow as fast as it did ( double the gdp compared to pre-accession !, 
  [ a common myth . 
  ] ( http://www.bankier.pl/static/att/94000/3134639_pkb2.png ) the rate of poland 's gdp growth did * not * accelerate after joining the eu . 
  in fact , the opposite could be argued . 
   it 's in asia . 
  but it 's also a greece2 , so they fit well in eu despite their location . 
   like to live in a country where there is plenty of unspoiled nature we have plenty of unspoiled nature in the mountains , as well as in national parks which are located all over the country . 
  no need to use 80 % of our area for it , especially considering that we are not a big country . 
   rather than with human settlements every 5 km well , i find human settlements way more interesting than `` unspoiled nature '' . 
   when it comes to power and respect - get nukes and build an army of robots - everyone will respect you . 
  considering our unsafe geopolitical position , we would definitely get nukes if not for severe diplomatic penalties connected with the process of developing them . 
  as for army of robots - potential enemies can build an even stronger army of robots , if their economic potential is bigger than ours thanks to their bigger population . 
   you will not magically become a better place with more people . 
  but it 's easier to be in the mildly-relevant countries tier when your population is in 50m range , rather than in the 20m one . 
  and with our current trends we sadly seem to be going for the latter rather than the former . 
   you keep a constant gdp , and reduce the population poland will be a much better place to live . 
  and if we keep growing our gdp like we do now , and keep our population at least stable , it will be an ever better one , as this way it will take more effort for other , more powerful countries to fuck us over . 
  world politics is not an easy game , if you are not growing you could be going backwards well enough . 
   personally , i think that sweden is perfect when it comes to population denisty and we are ruining it with too much population growth . 
  personally , i think that poland is close to perfect in that regard ( though in some places it 's still not dense enough ) , but to each his own . 
   actually countries are joining or planning to join every year and many countries that were once planning to join , like poland or czechia , have since then pretty much given up on this idea .
