  while this image is fortunately slowly fading away it still lingers a bit . 
   poland should develop their own nuclear weapons and missile technology we are entirely capable of that - in theory - but we are bound by so many treaties forbiding such developments that we would most likely get so much shit from international community if we ever attempted that , it completely would n't be worth it . 
   of us can hold conversation without knowing the language , that is , if using italian ammounts of gesticulation and making lots of rough guesses counts as `` holding a conversation '' . 
  not enough . 
  kenyans are innately better in running than europeans . 
  pigmys are innately less tall than average . 
  is it really that much of an unreasonable thought that intelligence distribution also might not be * absolutely * uniform throughout the human population and there might exist some local variations just like with any other traits ? 
   follow it seems that its not a debate that europe wants to openly discuss ? 
  it 's not like we * do n't want to * openly discuss it on this subreddit , it 's more that mods of / r/europe are actively censoring it under the false pretense of hollow `` m\u00e9gathread '' . 
  so close to the elite 100 + club ... central europe represent anyway !, 
   wow , i ca n't believe anybody would want that . 
  depending on a poll , there 's 54-61 % support for that . 
   the nazis had poland marked for destruction/enslavement under the policy of ` lebensraum ... after poland outright refused participation in anti-comintern pact in early 1939 . 
  before that , nazis for years tried to persuade poland into joint invasion of ussr . 
  though sure , we would probably lose * at least * silesia , wielkopolska and baltic sea access in such scenario , and maintain residual sovereignty at most , i have no doubts about that . 
   we now know it was pointless . 
  but did the warsovians know it in 1944 ? 
  if they heard how polish uprisings in wilno and lw\u00f3w a month earlier ended up ( ak winning , then red army entering , arresting polish soldiers and taking over the city ) - and ak high command * definitely * heard that - yes , they would know it . 
   because , you know , they could n't do much . 
  they could * do nothing * , and it still would have a much more positive influence than uprising had . 
  it was already certain at that point that germans were going to lose the war sooner or later . 
   the us does n't even have proportional representation , no welfare state and legalised corruption . 
  well , next month we 're having a referendum on implementing first-past-the-post in place of the current proportional system . 
  while there exist some welfare systems , they are not something you can rely on - and * the state * is more often than not seen as an enemy rather than something positive . 
  as for corruption , this one is generally frowned upon and less prevalent than a decade or two ago , though it 's far from being eradicated . 
   they have one centre-right party and one evangelical nutjob party . 
  we have one centre-right party and one catholic mostly-nutjob party . 
  indeed , checks out . 
  yeah , but our former-commie party completely killed themselves in 2002 . 
  also , our commies were probably even shittier and more incompetent than average . 
   i do n't know if you 're being serious about the us but i hope not . 
  i am totally serious . 
  when i read about talking points in usa , like during democratic or republican primaries with some exceptions i usually can totally relate to the issues . 
  on the other hand , i have much harder time with western european politics where everything seems considerably shifted to the left . 
   you 'd never guess poland is an ex-ussr country with that political spectrum . 
  well , soviet ~ ~ pillage ~ ~ occupation of our country left a * really * bad impression , and remnants of the commie party destroyed themselves in corruption scandals . 
   makes the us look good . 
  yeah , us political spectrum always looked much more `` regular '' for me than the one present in other european countries . 
  the fact that `` socialist '' is also used exclusively as an insult in our politics probably also helped with that impression . 
  the ecr-dark blue party has already ruled in 2005-2007 period ( though admitably they had harsh , populistic coallition partners back then ) . 
  they are quite similar to viktor orban 's party in hungary , with major difference being they are very pro-atlanticist and anti-russian . 
  they are moderately eurosceptic , against implementation of euro and further integration , and seeking for poland a position similar to the one uk has right now ( minus constant talks about leaving the eu ) . 
  among their other major programme points you can find fighting the corruption more intensively and `` explaining '' the matter of polish air force tu-154 crash from 2010 ( as a significant chunk of this party believes that the crash was a result of a russian terrorist attack ) . 
   is the blue party any good ? 
  the epp-blue one ? 
  they are kinda like a bit more conservative version of german cdu , and they 've been ruling for the last 8 years . 
  while they have n't fucked up anything major , they failed to deliver on most of their electoral promises and are perceived as kinda corrupt and out-of-touch with society lately . 
  this spring , their incumbent candidate has lost presidential elections to the ecr-party candidate , and their perspectives for autumn elections are n't great either with merely about 20-25 % support . 
  there most likely will be even less red and yellow and more dark blue in poland after the next elections in october . 
  we have defended our capital for almost a month in 1939 , and that was enough for a nice legend . 
  the 1944 uprising , while looking valiantly and heroically in history books , was pointless - or even worse than pointless , a complete mistake - from a strategical point of view . 
  on top of 200,000 civilians killed needlessly , the total destruction of the city also resulted in central parts of warsaw looking [ like this ] ( http://www.emporis.com/images/show/452543-large.jpg ) nowadays so no , it was n't worth it . 
   yea , but as an american i am jealous of your warsaw uprisings . 
  i doubt having your capital and biggest city razed is something worth being jealous of . 
   prussians it was traditional prussian land , seems that prussian `` tradition '' was really short then . 
   though for a long time the poles were politically important allies of the prussian crown so their circumstances were not bad . 
  no , the prussians only disbanded all the remaining traces of polish autonomy in 1848 , it was totally not bad . 
   unfortunately in 1939 they did n't have time machines to see the results of the future . 
  yeah , we still did n't knew back then that french assurances that `` they will attack within two weeks '' are completely worthless , for example . 
   france 's doctrine was heavily based around defense , their entire plan in the case of a war was to use the maginot line to hold down germany for as long as it would take . 
  unfortunately french commanders could n't look up the battle plans of german officers interestingly enough , french commanders were mostly in favour of sticking to the original plan and attacking germany . 
  it were the french politicians who decided on september 12 that there 's no need to help poland . 
   or that they 're planning to blitzkrieg around the line . 
  yeah , it 's not like germans would attack through belgium - i mean it ever happened before , right ? 
  germans are totally stupid fucks and they will attack through the highly fortified border instead of going around it . 
   you ca n't just look at everything that could have been done by using information that was n't available to the people at the time . 
  the french assurances were information that was available to the people at the time . 
  no , we would then have an entirely different foreign policy , most likely make concessions to germany , became a puppet member of the axis and in the end lose the war and become occupied by soviet union . 
  so the exact same thing that happened in reality , minus six years of german occupation , six million poles killed , almost complete destruction of infrastructure , industry and razed warsaw . 
   poland knew exactly how many troops britain had in europe when they decided not to negotiate over danzig and that 's exactly the point . 
  france alone * had * more than enough troops to successfully invade germany in september 1939 - especially considering that over 80 % of wehrmacht was concentrated in poland . 
  numerous german commanders remarked later that if france did * anything * back then , the war would be over before the end of 1939 . 
  the entire german invasion of poland was a one big ( and successful ) gamble that allies of poland wo n't do anything . 
   why would this be britains responsibility ? 
  well , maybe britain and france should have * not * explicitly promised us help ( as in - `` we 'll invade germany within two weeks of their invasion of you '' ) then . 
  you should n't make promises first , and then ask why delivering on them should be your responsibility . 
  well , i would n't necessarily say so , considering that romania , hungary , slovakia and bulgaria were all axis powers . 
  we lost it - twice . 
  first in 1939 , then in 1945 . 
  til some people do n't eat pierogi with kie\u0142basa at the beach . 
  oh , so the current trend apparently is to irrationally hate on these things for whatever reason . 
  i think i have n't got the memo and was blissfully unaware of this ongoing national anti-windbreakers-hysteria before now . 
  you call sofa `` dywan '' ? 
  russian is hillarious indeed . 
   good to know , good to remember but for me it ends there . 
  seems that today you have learned a truly shocking revelation that different people give a shit about different things . 
  better now than never . 
  as i already said , i * really * have better things to do than spending the next few hours ( and likely a trip to the national library tomorrow ) looking for the kind of sources that * might * satisfy you ... and then meet with yet another wave of your denial and claims worth the most absurdal examples of soviet-era propaganda . 
  unlike you , i am not paid for that shit . 
   memo.ru is an anti-communist website and organization . 
  `` i do n't like the source , so it does n't count . '', 
   you just copied sources from wikipedia . 
  yes i did , because iooking for a sources for a guy who obviously will just deny them will only add to already tremendous ammount of time i have wasted on discussing with you . 
  i * do * have a physical copy of this particular norman davies book ( translated to polish ) right beside me though , so if you * really * want to i can easily quote said pages for you . 
   well , usually people preoccupy themselves with things that lead to health , happiness , relationships , wealth , whatever you fancy . 
  do they ? 
  i 'd consider focusing solely on the positive things something downward idiotic , but maybe i 'm just fucked up , who knows . 
   and how is it still relevant ? 
  well , if you are living in the capital of your country and suddenly notice that while all the other european capitals are full of nice historical buildings , cultural artifacts , etc , your capital is a big shitty commieblock estate ... it turns out that the fact that it was completely razed during the ww2 is still relevant . 
  [ also , there are little things like this one , which in large part are closely connected with the post-ww2 soviet occupation of our country which ended merely 25 years ago .
