  there might be many parts of poland * even safer * than luxembourg , which on average would outweigh this advantage . 
   lived around z\u0105bkowska street well , considering that you lived in literally the most unsafe part of warsaw , i can see why you could hold the opinion you hold . 
  such a shame our team is completely without form this season ( with kamil stoch by some disaster not even qualifying to the main contest ) , but in temporary absence of poles in top spots i always root for slovenians . 
  i hope that wind wo n't mess up the tomorrow 's team contest , i was quite bummed about the final round being canceled today . 
  why not ? 
  considering that * \u0141otysze * who are speaking * \u0142otewski * live there , \u0141otwa seems to be the most natural choice . 
  it means `` to keep under surveillance '' . 
   so the economy does not like too much meddling , or is the downgrade due to the they fear what this government may do to poland in the future ? 
  the economy 's fine so far , so i 'd say it 's the latter . 
   officially , they are n't getting involved , but they are asking questions . 
  oh my , their foreign ministry is * asking questions * about a highly publicized political development . 
  the horrors . 
   oh , i have very little faith in any politicians . 
  i just have absolutely none in pis . 
  good , you are already halfway through . 
  now you just need to have absolutely none faith in everyone else as well . 
   they want to turn us into the next belarus . 
  maybe the next seychelles , north vietnam , or perhaps the next united provinces of la plata as well ? 
  given our politicians ' track record in turning us into the `` next x '' so far , i would sleep peacefully . 
   what kind of backwards-ass government gets rid of patient-doctor confidentiality ? 
  the american one for example , they simply do not recognize it on a federal level . 
   no matter how many times our prime puppet minister repeats that , i do n't believe it . 
  good , the general rule of thumb is that you should n't believe politicians even if they say that water is wet and sun rises on the east . 
  such a shame that you seem to be really selective in this healthy lack of gullibility . 
   neither do the eu government , the eu government wo n't do anything as the consensus in the european council , the next step of current procedure , wo n't be reached due to lack of support from * at least * hungary , and perhaps some other countries . 
  then the procedure will end without having any impact whatsoever - here , i 'm calling that . 
   the kod most people engaged in kod are people who would protest the government under any pretext anyway because they , just like you , * simply do n't like pis * . 
  there 's no further nuance to kod 's existence . 
   or the americans there is no such official stance of the us government . 
   moody 's and fitch have n't , for now , but it does n't mean they wo n't further down the line . 
  it does n't mean they will either . 
   i 'm still gon na be pro democracy you 'll have an occasion during elections in 2019 . 
  unless pis plans to abolish them ( which i do n't expect them to ) , * democracy * in poland is not in danger . 
   and sure , we might suffer , especially considering how the s&p downgrade will hurt us economically , there are many other rating agencies , and if they do not alter their ratings as well in the end the only thing being hurt will be s&p 's credibility ( which , as i recall , is n't neccesarily high either ) . 
   really do n't get the hate po gets . 
  perhaps the fact that after they won they gradually became everything they used to campaign against , as well as all their talk about being `` very pro-liberal economy , want to make it easier to run businesses in poland . '', 
  turning out to be nothing but empty words . 
  call it a result of having my youthful ideals brutally betrayed , but right now i would describe my political position as anti-kod rather than * pro-pis * . 
  the last thing i want is likes of po ( caled . n or whatever else this time ) to return to power , and if the only way to prevent it is having pis ruling - well , so be it . 
   very pro-liberal economy , want to make it easier to run businesses in poland . 
   they 've never been in power , so who knows how they would rule that 's interesting because i strikingly remember a party that could be described in those exact same words back in 2001 , ( and i even used to support it for a while , most notably around 2005 ) . 
  it was called `` civic platform '' , and i 'm not falling for this same trick again . 
  the existence of other renowned ranking agencies , none of which have a result even close to this one . 
  narodowy socjalista * technically it 's correct , though usually ( so i guess this is a * standard * way ) `` nazista '' would be used instead . 
   it seems for slavs eastern europe is geopolitical , for most of the other people it 's geographical . 
  if it was geographical for `` most other people '' , poland would n't be in it according to them , as most of our country is to the * west * of the geographical midpoint of europe . 
  there are more reasons to not dislike pis than being sponsored by pis . 
  guess we should start to tag all the critical of the government articles as '' [ sponsored by po ] '' as well . 
  seems that we still have some work to do in order to beat the irish or jewish ratio . 
  everything . 
  their pitiful foreign policy based on servilism aside , they also stole hundreds of billions pln worth of citizens ' savings in private retirement funds , and in general not only failed to deliver on their electoral programme , but actually did complete opposite ( for example , raising vat instead of lowering it ) . 
  out of other spits in the face of public opinion , they signed acta back in 2012 , or agreed to refugee quotas back in september . 
  and regarding the things that seemingly concern germany so much right now , they took over the public media , fired most of journalists who were not supporting them , and turned it into their propaganda tube it remained until last week . 
  no , poland literally just said that we 'll manage to take at most 400 * this year * . 
  luckily there are no time constraints to agreement signed by the previous government . 
  and , as of now , we * are * upholding this agreement . 
  we are just putting utmost care to fulfil it in the best way possible , so it will probably take a while . 
  poland is a safe country , yet we still require visas to visit , say , usa so i 'm indeed quite sure about that . 
  it not like there is anything inherently preventing us from changing the visa requirements to not be inseparably connected with the `` safe country status '' anymore . 
  the government that agreed to it is no longer in power for a reason . 
   because turkey is not considered to be a safe state . 
  then change the definition of a `` safe state '' to include turkey . 
  two can play this game . 
  i 'm pretty sure it would be * germans * who * started * it in this particular scenario . 
   change their country into a copy of russia ... with blackjack and hookers . 
   you don \u00b4 t make sense at all with your conspiracy theory which conspiracy theory would it be ? 
   allegedly the eu under the control of germany want \u00b4 s to attempt control over poland . 
  no , just by an odd coincidence right after the german - ~ ~ obedient ~ ~ friendly government got ousted in elections because people got tired of their shit , multiple german politicians suddenly got really concerned about the situation in poland , while everything was a-ok in their opinion for the 8 years prior to that . 
  tell me more , tell me more . 
   the euopean union for god \u00b4 s sake !, 
  yeah , it apparently means that we are not allowed to elect the * incorrect * government now and this mistake should be immediately fixed by the german politicians . 
   he recommended to activate a eu mechanism to check the legitimacy of the recent actions by the polish gouvernment , yes , and that 's how * activating this mechanism * is being perceived from poland - as an attempt to control the country . 
  i would n't say it compares the eu * itself * to 3rd reich , but rather the recent eu 's * actions * . 
   and then please tell me which german politican said that he wants to supervise/control poland . 
   that poles are now comparing the eu with the third reich no , that 's what the * recent eu actions towards poland * ( by an odd coincidence , sponsored mostly by german politicians ) are compared with . 
  in this particular case , the text on the wprost 's frontpage says `` they want to supervise/control poland * again * '' . 
  anyhow , i certainly do n't expect the opinion on eu in poland to get better thanks to recent developments , quite the contrary . 
   nearly the whole continent fell victim to the nazis and their disgusting actions , well , not * every * country on the continent had 1/5 of its pre-war population murdered , as well as having their capital completely razed , or most of their infrastructure and industry destroyed as a result of the german actions . 
  we * were * hit harder by ww2 than most of other countries , and on many accounts you can still somewhat observe and feel it even in your daily life . 
   to fakt . 
   take over media , install loyalists wprost is a privately-owned weekly , and usually not really supportive of pis . 
  as most people who comment in poland-related threads around here though , you do n't have even a slighest ammount of knowledge about our country yet still have this weird urge to comment . 
   r . but since you were moaning about subsidies - how economically viable is coal for poland ? 
  not perfect , but still way more economically viable than if we had to gather similar amount of energy from renewables efficiency of which , as we already established , is rather shitty due to our geography . 
   are you seriously claiming all those mines would still be operational i it were n't for those fat checks from warsaw ? 
  if they got privatized , they certainly would be . 
  alas , they are state-owned ( one of sad relics of soviet occupation ) and receive many privilleges thanks to their incredibly powerful trade unions . 
   there are wind generators in the south and solar generators in the north of germany . 
  mind blowing , is n't it ? 
  you could even install wind generators in windless valleys and solar generators in shadows of mountains for all i care , spend your money however you want - there 's no rule you have to spend it * efficiently * after all . 
   one has to be pretty desperate to resort to lies to make a point . 
  well , seems you are pretty desperate then . 
  are you now implying there are no subsidies for renewable energy generators in germany ? 
   insults and downvote - nice . 
  i 'm only following your example with a downvote , and nowhere i have insulted you - it 's my genuine concern . 
   the maps your provided demonstrate how poland potential for alternative energy is very comparable to what you will find in germany . 
  i do n't know whether we looked at the same data , but the maps i provided demonstrate that the north of germany has way better conditions for wind power than anywhere in poland , while the south of germany has way better conditions for solar power than anywhere in poland . 
   i i have to wonder why something that absolutely does work in germany can not possibly work in poland . 
  if by `` does work in germany '' you mean `` is heavily subsidized by the german government '' , then i have shocking news for you - german government has way more money to spare than poland . 
   have no idea what you are trying to say here functional illiteracy and inability to read maps or charts is indeed a major concern nowadays and i can only express my deepest sympaties as you seem to happen to suffer from it .
