  ireland is not a colony controlled by the elusive eu hivemind either . 
   it is not , they are still strongly economically bound to the eu even if they are n't a member of it . 
  and likewise , sweden is still strongly economically bound to norway even though they are n't members of the international organization called `` eu '' . 
   the eea exist because of the eu as such it is still the eu responsible for that . 
  the eea exists because of agreement between eec and efta . 
  nice goalposts moving . 
  i pressume then that your official position from now on will be that it was n't the eu that `` stopped the war '' after all , but the eea . 
   are many countries in the eu but that are out of nato there also are many countries that are in nato but out of eu , such as norway or iceland , yet the same outcome applies to them . 
  more like thanks to biggest european countries all being a part of the same military alliance , nato , for the first time in history , which in turn was the result of the cold war-era constant threat of complete nuclear annihilation . 
   did , it seems it 's too complicated for you though . 
  there 's nothing complicated about it , it just presents a scenario country such as poland will not be realistically able to afford anytime soon . 
  we could have a conversation about prospects of poland building a network of cities on mars within the next few decades well enough . 
  perhaps try to present viable scenarios in your posts from now on . 
  shutting down a perfectly good power plant when the existing ones are already barely meeting the demand would generally mean that you have to make up for the lost energy supply through importing excess energy from abroad , severely increasing energy prices so people and industry will be able to afford less energy or , if both those methods fail , introducing blackouts once in a while . 
  if anything , `` shutting down a coal plant or two '' would be a way to reduce electricity * supply * ( which already is pretty strained in poland ) , not its * consumption * . 
  gas * supply * is way less secure and more expensive than coal supply though . 
  blue for conservative parties and red for socialists is used pretty much everywhere throughout europe though . 
  yeah , let 's take a closer look at the very cheap demagogy you are spouting . 
   say goodbye to your pensions , pension system was invented by bismarck , who would probably take a great offence to being called a `` communist '' . 
  and anyhow , the pension system was designed for countries with a fertility rate compared to the one existing in subsaharan africa , and it 's going to collapse within the next several decades . 
  the only pensions current 20 - 30 year olds are ever going to get , will come from their own savings . 
   healthcare til communists invented healthcare . 
  everyone and their dog has a private insurance around here anyway , because it 's just so much better and faster than the services provided by the state . 
  you have to pay double for healthcare though , once in your taxes for the mandatory state-owned insurance , and once for the private one . 
   education til communists invented education . 
  and , unless you had really good grades on your high school exams , you pay normal fees in the state-owned universities , and they are not really cheaper than the privately-owned universities either . 
  it was 43 % eu-wide ? 
  i did n't expect even that much , in poland it was about 20 % . 
  `` the number of people trying to kill themselves is rising as economic crisis deepens . 
  in other news water is wet and winter is coming . '', 
  well , maybe that 's more about reddit in general than just / r/europe . 
  i can honestly say this is first place i ever saw majority of people talking good about multiculturalism or supporting welfare state . 
  oh , stop arguing with people blinded by their ideology , it 's pointless . 
  i gave up long ago . 
  to make you feel better this subreddit is incredibly leftist and does n't reflect in any way how most europeans think . 
  well , that 's because we are a large country - i 'd say that one of the six really large countries in eu . 
  and actually per capita we do n't get that much money - if you look closely lithuania , estonia , latvia , hungary and even greece or portugal all receive more per capita . 
   he was a member ( later a leader ) of a illegal * communist * party/band , he robbed russian trains with money and used them to fund * communist * / polish ( it was same thing then ) press , buying weapons for members etc. 
  oh dear , my eyes hurt . 
  that was socialist party , not communist . 
  pi\u0142dudski hated communism wholeheartedly . 
  i do n't think so . 
  in poland abortion is as well effectively outlawed , but we have one of the lowest birthrates in the world anyway . 
  yeah , this is exactly kind of things which make me regret the day we joined eu . 
  even more inefficient regulations which might force companies to not employ the best candidates - that 's what surely will help us competing with china and usa . 
  what 's next , paneuropean version of affirmative action ? 
  well , to be honest that very organisation was part of resistance against nazis as well . 
   everyone loathes romney here in europe . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  sounds like poland . 
  [ http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/39/mother_tongue_poland_1931_census.png] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/39/mother_tongue_poland_1931_census.png ) well , to be fair your map does n't show population density , and you can see solid polish majority in the north anyway . 
  all major cities in then eastern poland were nearly exclusively inhabited by poles ( and jews ) and lwow and wilno were for centuries our major cultural centers equal to warsaw and cracow . 
  while there of course were regions like volhynia , where ukrainians were exclusive majority , they were still better off in pre-war poland than in pre-war soviet union . 
  anyway , it does n't matter anymore . 
  after ww2 stalin fundamentally moved poland to the west and in the long run it was n't that bad for us . 
   should half of poland be given back to the germans ethnically cleansed after ww2 ? 
  i 'm cool with it but only if we get back our half of ukraine and belarus which were also ethnically cleansed after ww2 . 
  well , to be honest white people were always minority in the world . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=file:europe_subregion_map_world_factbook.svg&amp;page=1 oh look , i have a nice colorful map too . 
  it 's as cool as yours , or even better because unlike un definition it 's not outdated by about quarter of century . 
  so is your ideology , comrade . 
  so i also consider myself kind of libertarian . 
  well , at least when we talk about economy . 
  i 'm socially conservative though . 
  so basically combination of everything reddit hivemind hates ( well , to be honest before i found out about reddit i thought socialism is dead and noone believes in welfare state anymore . 
  all polish social media websites are extremely right wing - both socially and economically - when compared to reddit . ), 
  i feel so lonely here sometimes . 
  tldr : i 'm conservative libertarian . 
  if i were american i would swing between libertarian party and gop . 
  oh , but it 's gazeta wyborcza . 
  leftist , totally biased and completely unprofessional newspaper ( they are known in polish internet for writing prejudiced articles about things they do n't have a clue about ) , so when i saw their logo i knew this article will be full of misconceptions and focusing on irrelevant details . 
  was not disappointed . 
   today i learned learned & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  i 'm not sure if it 's more sad or just silly . 
  well , at first i actually thought it must be some kind of joke . 
  at least comments under this article perfectly reflected my feelings and restored my faith in humanity . 
  abortion is almost entirely forbidden in poland since 20 years ago so no , it rather wo n't cause any boom in abortion clinics in neighboring countries . 
  i support this too ( because i do n't belive we should rob anyone from their almost certain chance to live and well , because i 'm christian ) . 
  so as most of poles . 
  edit : yeah . 
  downvotes for expressing your opinion and stating a fact . 
  so sad that 's unfortunately typical for r/europe . 
   [ `` currently , polish society is one of the most pro-life countries in europe . 
  in the poll european values in may 2005 , 48 % of poles disagreed that a woman should be able to have an abortion if she wants no children . 
  however , poland has become increasingly pro-life , with 76 % of poles aged 15 -- 24 favoring a total ban on abortion . '', 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abortion_in_poland )  [ `` a survey conducted earlier this summer in poland demonstrated that the nation 's population is increasingly embracing pro-life views , with 65 percent of poles agreeing that the nation 's laws `` should unconditionally protect the life of all children '' beginning at conception . 
  the survey , as reported by lifenews.com , revealed great hope for the future of unborn children in the country , with a full 76 percent of poles aged 15 to 24 favoring a total ban on abortion , compared to 57 percent of poles aged 55 to 70 who favored total protection of the unborn . 
  '' ] ( http://www.thenewamerican.com/world-news/europe/item/8837-polish-abortion-ban-defeated-pro-life-leaders-optimistic ), 
  eu should seek to contain all european countries which fulfil the copenhagen criteria . 
  so in the very long run all of former yugoslavia , albania , ukraine , maybe belarus or even russia and georgia . 
  while 3 % of turkey 's territory is in europe , most of turkey definitely is n't neither geographically nor culturally an european country . 
  there is also quite a big issue with turkey occupying large chunks of eu member territory ( cyprus ) . 
  and they have long border with such countries like iraq , syria or iran . 
  wow , 415 . 
  questions about slavic languages probably somewhat boosted my score , got 10 points in every single one of them . 
   right wing political parties are feeding a frenzy through divide and conquer tactics in order to prevent the working class from rising up against the real enemy , namely liberal democracy and capitalism wow . 
  that was seriously ? 
  your post is like taken directly from communist era propaganda manual - for a moment i felt like i suddenly moved back in time to soviet occupied poland . 
  this bot seem to malfunction . 
  that part of morocco was a colony of spain long before franco .
