   but it was capital of lithuania , no , it was the capital of the grand duchy of lithuania , an old multicultural nation , not the capital of the republic of lithuania a baltic language speaking ethnic nation . 
  an entirely different thing . 
  that 's also probably where polish and lithuanian perspective on history diverges . 
  in lithuania you are probably taught republic of lithuania is a direct continnuation of gdl . 
  that 's hardly the case , as two most numerous nationalities of the grand duchy of lithuania , poles and ruthenians ( belarusians ) were not represented in this country . 
   where many of the most important cultural and historical events happened , it was essential for lithuanian culture for centuries . 
  now , i understand that times have changed , rebuilding the grand duchy was impossible in the 20th century . 
  i understand the need of a baltic nation calling themselves lithuanians for having it 's own country . 
  but you can not on one hand be purely baltic speaking nation and on the other hand claim to be a gdl reborn and expand beyond baltic language area . 
  which was exactly what interwar republic of lithuania did . 
   and we never claimed belarusia not whole of it . 
  sad you never had the same respect for the polish speaking part of the grand duchy . 
   as i said before - these arguments of who 's who and who done what are absolutely ridiculous . 
  i really do n't even care if everything what / u/bigos [ 1 ] [ +21 ] said is true or not . 
  we have to look forward and accept borders , cultural , ethnic and linguistic compilation that is now . 
  glad to hear that , and as you are probably aware i 'm of the exact same opinion . 
  oh , it 's just some kind of a lame pun in polish . 
  it 's `` nieuchwytny uchwyt '' , translated literally `` unhandleable handle '' but it can also mean something akin to `` elusive grip '' . 
  from the limited view i had of lithuanian perspective that 's the exact word i would describe your attitude towards poles . 
  what about interwar struggle over polish-jewish city of wilno/vilna with lithuanian claim being nothing else than a little bit of half of millenium old cultural heritage and 2 % of lithuanian speaking population ? 
  how was that not chahuvinistic of lithuania ? 
  no , i used '' \u017bmudzinie '' as a joke . 
  gdl was an entirely different thing compared to current lithuania . 
  there used to be poles and belarusians calling themselves lithuanians , but due to how modern lithuanian state operated now the term has been limited to the small fractions of lithuanians who are speaking the language descended from the baltic family ( jokingly '' \u017bmudzini '' ) . 
  yes , of course , i know , only the lithuanians school teach the true history , that the historical lithuanians were a big lithuanian speaking nation spanning half of europe and tragically subjugated by sly , evil poles . 
  truth is , there are numerous oversimplifications and propaganda on both sides . 
  the truth is also that gdl in later stages was an old ruthenian and polish speaking nation with small baltic speaking minoroty , that territories of former gdl in 1920 's were quite clearly divided into ethnically belarusian , polish and lithuanian parts - and lithuanian interwar imperialism claimed all of them , on doubtful basis that it was the only true successor of gdl . 
  at last you have won and colonized wilno/vilnius thanks to the russian help . 
  no ammount of modern lithuanian denial and propaganda will change any of that . 
  is it really that important anymore though ? 
  i wish your nation best luck and hope we can closely cooperate in the future despite mutual historical grievances in the past . 
  probably because kosovo is albania2 . 
  panslavic ideas never took hold in poland due to their strong association with russian imperialism . 
  hungarians feel much closer to us than any slavs ( perhaps except czechs and slovaks ) . 
  whatever helps you sleep at night , \u017bmudzinie . 
  that post seems pretty spot on how it looks from polish perspective . 
  i think a lot of it stems from media insistence on using the previously unknown form `` romowie '' ( sounding very similar to `` rumuni '' ) instead of familiar `` cyganie '' and hearing about scams ( like atm machines skimming gangs ) commited by the `` romanian citizens '' which was also a media codeword for gypsies - i recall things like that used to happen quite often some years ago . 
  and if you are randomly attacked you might become paranoid and afraid of the people or even depressed . 
  random act of violence could be just as harmful and cause non-physical violence as well . 
  let 's agree to disagree on this one , i do n't consider racially motivated assault to be worse crime than randomly motivated assault or robbery-motivated assault . 
  it just does n't make any sense . 
  it 's dividing people into equal and more equal . 
  i would never vote for a party that would have implementing `` hate crimes '' into our law on its platform . 
  yeah , it 's nice , simple , and * plain wrong * . 
  what 's not to like about it ? 
   i 've given the un the benefit of the doubt and assumed they got it right . 
  from the look of the map it seems that un have not updated their definition in the last 30 years . 
   why do you think i have an agenda ? 
  well , you said :  the un map is right and it 's nice and simply done . 
  even though by the first look on the map ( compare austria and czech republic ) it 's completely obvious it was n't done according to the cardinal directions , but to the old cold war-era division of europe . 
  if you did so you would put poland mostly in northern and western europe ( you can check for youself ) and i doubt you had that in mind . 
  yes it is . 
  if by `` eastern europe '' you mean `` countries formerly occupied by russia '' and disregard every geographical , cultural and historical aspect connected with them . 
  that sounds quite condescending if you asked me . 
  less wrong than un at least . 
   a lack of hate crimes law is a serious issue . 
  a racially-aggravated or sexual orientation-aggravated assault should be punished more harshly . 
  why ? 
  assault is assault . 
  if someone was not racially-aggravated or sexual orientation-aggravated assualted , but just favourite football team-aggravated or maybe let 's - assault-a-random-guy-aggravated assaulted was he harmed any less ? 
  hate crimes law are the obvious contradiction of the equality before the law principle which is basis of the modern western civilization . 
  why would anyone defend such idea is beyond me . 
  * i 'd rather say it 's a proof that taxation of the most wealthy french citizens is definitely too high . 
  seriously , 75 % ? 
  that 's daylight robbery . 
  no wonder they are hiding their money abroad , i would do the same had i been in their place . 
  * even if , why would anyone read the exact same post twice ? 
  because as southern europe proven not having control over your currency can be disastrous . 
  and there are a lot of problems with euro right now ( which is another reason itself ) and eliminating most of them will mean entering the fiscal union with other ez countries in a long run which will further diminish our independence . 
  because for many years we 've been artifically undervaluing z\u0142oty by huge ammount which on one hand makes our exports better and on the other hands allows our prices to be the lowest in europe ( though it also makes poles looking poorer in comparison with weuropeans than they really are ) . 
  with euro we will lose that advantage . 
  ^ ( because euro banknotes are terribly ugly when compared to our current banknotes , and you can not properly declinate ` euro ' in polish . ), 
   at some point . 
  well , i think 2555 sounds like a quite good date . 
  seems that situation is very similar to the one we have in poland ( government is kinda pro-euro adoption while population is vehemently against ) . 
  wish you best luck and hope both our countries will be able to withhold the change to euro and remain with our own currencies for as long as possible . 
  well , i suppose that 's the exact difference between prague and stockholm the czech poster was talking about - that most of crimes in prague are commited by czechs ( who would have thought !, 
  ) , while most of crimes in stockholm are commited by non-swedes . 
  yeah , surprise relocation to the middle of the fucking siberia is totally a win-win situation . 
   you wan na know who pushed for the 1968 invasion of czechoslovakia ? 
  not the russians , no , it was the polish government it was n't a polish government . 
  unless you would consider the quisling government during the ww2 a norwegian government . 
  of course they pushed for invasion , they were afraid of their lives . 
  the real and legitimate government of poland was on exile in london since 1940 , and remained there until 1990 . 
   the polish home army that was insanely antisemitic the polish home army saved more jews during the ww2 than any other organixation in nazi-occupied europe  and blamed the jews for the nazi-soviet dual invasion are we in alternate history thread ? 
   who refused to help the jews during the ghetto uprising who provided supplies and munnitions for jewish insurgents and helped evacuate some of the leadera . 
   ( guess who did ? 
  communists ) yeah , the same `` communists '' ( bandits and ussr agents ) who were providing gestapo with informations and help against the home army and national armed forces . 
  such heroes . 
   and it was polish people who suppressed other polish people all during the soviet era - even when the russians told them not to . 
  well , they were polish communists . 
  that 's exactly what you would expect from such scum . 
   you can try blame the russians all you want but nothing 's going to whitewash the reality that the pact nations were their own entities , not simply puppet states of the soviet union totally . 
  there was no soviet occupation , no repression , the members of the `` government '' totally were n't soviet agents who spent all 30 's and 40 's in moscow , elections totally were n't falsified , polish government in london was totally allowed to return to capital . 
  god , i know how absurd it is to see a communist in * 2014 * but i never suspected such people are * that * brainwashed . 
  well , i guess if that 's unavoidable as there 's no way a self-respecting man would support such outdated , vile and twisted ideology . 
   of course , western influence is purely fictional ... all in my head . 
  it 's not like poland is a memberstate of nato oh , such poor spanish , italian and dutch people !, 
  they are in nato too and are shovn damn western influence down their throats . 
   that took part in the invasions of iraq we hoped for some good deals in iraq after saddam was toppled .
