   regardless , poland only joined the eu in 2004 , so at that point it should have been pretty clear what the joint values of countries in the union were . 
  it should have been clear , yet it was n't . 
  i was actually fully convinced back in 2004 that we indeed share the same values , but i grow older i am noticing that it 's not neccesarily the case , or rather it 's more nuanced . 
  the truth it , while as the western world we share the same set of * basic * values , those values evolved differently in western europe , differently in usa , and differently in poland , and rest of the soviet-occupied west ( and interestingly enough , on many accounts the american version seems more familiar around here than the one present in western europe ) . 
   was pretty evident at that point that modern europe was founded on liberalism , nah , modern * america * was founded on liberalism ( though not entirely either ) . 
  modern ( western ) europe was in large part founded on various new left movements in 60s and 70s . 
  it 's pretty evident by observing how much the discourse is shifted to the left in many old union countries . 
  conversely , this new left influence is something entirely alien here , that never naturally developed domestically , and while - especially since the eu accession - it somewhat resonates and spills here , it still feels foreign and rather forced - in a way it 's like a weaker version of how alien and forced marxism-leninism felt during the soviet era . 
  i actually mean post-1968 as ` recent ' . 
  what the term `` european values '' gradually started to turn into after that date , could well enough come from a different planet . 
  * current * poland is * good enough * for me , thank you very much . 
  on the other hand , reading your posts left me with an impression that it is * you * who are not really pleased about it , so why wo n't `` off you go '' to sweden , the netherlands or whatever 's most trendy and `` progressive '' right now , i 'm sure it would be a paradise for you . 
  til we were apparently `` hit hard '' by russian embargo . 
  the [ tesco empire ] ( http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/42157000/gif/_42157362_tesco_2map416x254.gif ), 
   would you also force heterosexual couples not to show any affection in public , i would n't mind , frankly . 
   ban guys from hitting on girls in public ? 
  in * public * ? 
  that 's almost the very definition of something obnoxious . 
  not to the level of * wanting to put legal measures against it * , but yes , i rather dislike both situations you mentioned . 
  i am increasingly coming to a sad realization that this might be indeed the case , the current european values recently seem to have visibly diverged from both their earlier form and poland 's values as well . 
  why would i even * want * to see it in the first place ? 
  i do n't care , do what you want - in your privacy . 
  because that would be a rather bad deal for europeans ? 
   could any polish redditor with factual knowledge about the situation enlighten us to the meaning behind this statement ? 
  is this person perfectly aligned to the main government policy yes , it 's not far from the general idea of it . 
  while those are indeed not the topics the * foreign minister * should publicly concern himself with ( he is responsible for our diplomacy after all ) , i find it hard to find anything wrong with the * content * of either statement as i happen to mostly agree with this particular opinion on policies of former polish government , and i was not aware that the level of education and political alignment of such highly prominent figure like schultz are supposed to be secret either . 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  a lot of people i know do n't . 
  no matter how much random pis opponents on reddit try to tell people otherwise . 
  where is the `` bad part '' of what he said ? 
  i 'm afraid you forgot to cite it . 
  even in the `` half a year '' chart , there is * no * significant drop * after * parliamentary elections . 
  unless you imply that the alleged `` outrage '' you mentioned happened * before * they even won the elections or could possibly done anything even remotely controversial . 
  polish lefty journalists are well-known for writing manipulative propaganda pieces in foreign journals , unsigned article raises suspicion it 's yet another of such cases . 
   which `` point of time '' are you referring to - pre colonisation ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the entire idea of colonies was supposed to be about people from mainland colonizing newly acquired lands , and not the other way around . 
  probably because of this  poland became a bit more of a player in eu poor joke . 
   changing to the worse the entire point is that it 's not * changing * to anything - it already * was * partial and biased , and it still will be partial and biased , just the bias will be different . 
  i guess they have simply completely depleted their patience reserves , after all they 've been waiting for almost decade for their turn . 
   how is this even legal taking over the state media after winning elections is pretty much a customary law in poland . 
  yeah , that 's how they * used to * be called , 
  do n't worry , we did n't forget about you , there 's still spisz and orawa . 
  til poland always was an authoritarian regime and nothing has changed in that regard after the elections . 
  that 's mostly on point , but truth be told , the former government did it gradually over the period of 8 years , while the current one will be done with it by easter at this pace . 
  well , it 's certainly an innovation in the state-owned tv , considering that its last few years consisted mostly of circlejerking over how awesome the former government was . 
  no , this is because such thing happens regularly around here every time the government changes . 
  each government ultimately takes over the public media sooner of later , which in turn were earlier taken over by its precedessors , and this process repeats ad infinitum . 
  there 's still kukiz '15 - one could easily find at least few people to support the government there in case it would be ever needed . 
   they lose a case because they are religious , it is the very definition of discrimination . 
  alright , prove that the court has given custody of child to mother over father citing as a main argument that she 's religious , and he is n't . 
  tip : no such thing happened . 
   the ruling is n't final . 
  precisely , if ruling is n't to ones liking ( and usually it is n't ) , it should be appealed . 
   's still discrimination against the father for being irreligious , which is illegal in europe . 
  yes , if an irreligious person happens to lose a case in court , that 's discrimination . 
   they were wrong to do so . 
  yes , they were wrong to do so because you said so , i already head that a dozen of times . 
  after all , a random guy on the internet who read a biased article is certainly a better expert than a certified judge with full knowlege about all intricacies of the case . 
   t 's not relevant , because it should n't be the government 's business what religion you are . 
  it 's not an issue of `` government business '' , it 's an issue of interference with basic parenting rights . 
   no wonder we are still seen as a backward country . 
  if upholding basic rights causes us to be seen as a backwards country , then i welcome such label with pride . 
   no , he is biased because religion should not even be brought up in court proceedings . 
  everything should be brought up in court proceedings , including religion , when it 's relevant to the case . 
  and it so happens that in this particular case we are discussing right here it is relevant . 
   glad to see you think brainwashing is a human right , though . 
  right to bring your children up according to your beliefs * is * a basic human right , whether you like it or not . 
  glad to see polish court defending it . 
  * every * government takes on public media after being elected , it 's our polish tradition . 
   the judge is obviously biased yes , he is biased because his ruling was n't according to * your * bias : ddd  he would n't interfere with the child 's upbringing by not taking him to church . 
  the catholic doctrine is to attend mass each sunday and during certain holidays . 
  by not taking him to church * on sunday * he is interfering with his catholic upbringing . 
  he is entirely free not to take him to church on every other day of a week . 
   his mother can take him to church when she has him , he should be allowed to raise him the way he likes . 
  no , you merely * feel * that should be the case . 
  alas , the law says otherwise and do not take your feels into consideration . 
  he is not allowed to raise him the way he likes , because it was the mother who was granted custody , and she is the one to decide the way of upbringing . 
   what you are advocating is to let his mother brainwash the poor kid with no room for dissenting opinions . 
  and she has every right to do so , as it 's one of the basic human rights . 
   there has to be a balance between the parents ' beliefs you are missing the fact that it was * mother * who was chosen to be child 's guardian , so her beliefs take precedence * in this particular case * . 
   the father should also be allowed to have his say the father did not recieve custody so no , he should * not * be allowed to have his say . 
  that 's the entire point of this case i 'm hoping you 'll finaly notice . 
   know the constitution might be seen as worthless by some these days , but it does state that even atheists should be equal in the eyes of the law : and he is equal in the eyes of law . 
  that does n't give him a right to impose his beliefs ( or rather lack thereof ) . 
   yes , restricting the father 's contacts with his son except that 's not what happening here , he is free to contact his son as long as he do n't interfere with his upbringing . 
  which he explicitly refused to do in this particular case . 
  actually it is * you * who is advocating for breaking rights here - of both mother and child . 
  * that * would indeed be unconstitutional and illegal , fortunately the court protected the rights of everyone by its ruling . 
  i am quite sure the right to bring children up in accordance with your own beliefs is not an exclusively polish idea , and neither it 's particularly illegal , 
  the only issue here is your complete lack of understanding of legal matters and procedures . 
  this case is rather straightfoward , and there is n't much to discuss here . 
  if you dislike basic human rights , you should have said so from the very beginning . 
   he is n't forcing apostasy . 
  he simply does n't want to waste his and his son 's time in church . 
   he simply does n't want to waste his and his son 's time in church . 
  seems that his * wishes * are interfering with child 's upbringing in the way intended by his legal guardian . 
  so it goes . 
   courts should be secular , courts are secular , and in this particular case they are protecting both mother 's right to bring her child up in a way she sees suitable , and child 's right to be brought up in accordance with methods of the person in his custody . 
   and not punish a father for not wanting to take his son to church . 
  religion is n't mandatory .
