   also issues with wild reprivatisation , some crooks claiming they represent ancient owners and city goes along with it because $ $ $ . 
  `` wild reprivatization '' aka owners got their land stolen by a commie decree after the war , and now are trying to regain their property . 
  rule of law is such an obstacle to you , is n't it ? 
   they were short-sighted improvement . 
  there are/were alternatives . 
  yeah , we could turn the center of warsaw into a museum of commieblocks , with wastelands of empty parcels unsold to developers ( because selling them 's bad apparently ) between them . 
  i 'm sure you 'd like it more . 
  shitty commieblocks already destroyed the centre so much , we can have the towers where the demand for them is the biggest well enough . 
   but it 's a horror from a living point of view . 
  i happen to live in warsaw , and i certainly would n't consider it a `` horror '' from a living point of view . 
   that 's not how you do a xxi century city . 
  the only way to `` do a xxi century city '' would be to demolish everything altogether once again , and then built a new ideal city in place of the rubble ... and then wait until the current conceptions get outdated and universally hated , just like le corbusier 's ones that shaped the commie reconstruction of warsaw were ... and repeat the process whenever neccessary . 
  you deal with the cards you are given , and it so happened that skyscrapers in warsaw 's center were actually an improvement to it because that 's how crap it was before them , while in paris the center is already designed well , and skyscrapers would be a definite change for worse . 
  the difference is that unlike warsaw , paris somehow do n't have shitty commieblocks in the center . 
  compared to [ that , ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/8/7874/z7874168x,osiedle-za-zelazna-brama-w-warszawie.jpg ) towers are actually an improvement . 
  actually most were n't , only a small , the most historical part of the city was rebuilt as it was before the war . 
  considering that area 's own aesthetic culture was already utterly destroyed by the german army , there was n't much to `` trade off '' there . 
  considering that russian and polish cultures developed separately and under different influences throughout the last millenium , that polish and russian ideas on how society and state is supposed to work were polar opposites of each other for most of history , and that for the last 400 years russia was incredibly consistent in being the biggest enemy and existential threat of poland , `` close '' is one of the last words one would use to describe poles and russians . 
  their language has a common ancestor with ours and thus sounds kinda similar ( though not enough to be fully intelligible ) and we might share a few ancient slavic quirks , but other than that we do n't have much in common and they are definitely the most distant slavic nation from us ( perhaps on par with bulgarians ) . 
  commonwealth indeed was - for most time - a progressive and tolerant country when compared to the rest of europe at the time . 
  at the same time , voluntary assimilation into the polish culture - especially among ruthenian and lithuanian nobility and townsfolk , was widespread . 
  it 's important to note that the idea of `` polish '' culture at the time was something akin to the `` british '' , rather than `` english '' one , and this notion started to fade only after poland lost its independence due to partitions . 
  it did n't have to end up that way , but the evolution of political system in commonwealth sadly took a bad turn in 17th century , and after the great northern war at the beginning of 18th century it was already almost beyond saving with foreign-paid agents in parliament ( mostly from prussia and russia ) exploiting accumulated weaknesses of the system in essence making the country ungovernable . 
  add to this utter destruction during the wars with sweden , and raise of russian and austrian empires , as well as independence and raise of prussia , and it gets hard to avoid how it ended up . 
  of course , the commonwealth is by far the most romanticized period in our history , and once in a while you can certainly notice some king of longing for those long lost times . 
   soviet union came about as the result of people from all across the russian empire partaking in the civil war , ultimately overthrowing monarchy as well as the transitional government . 
  and , as the millions of soviet citizens murdered by its own government proven , it was a big mistake on part of the people all across the russian empire . 
  i 'm not saying ukrainians in interwar poland were treated well - quite the contrary , they were n't and that 's a shame - but their life was still an order of magnitude less bad than those of their compatriots under the totalitarian stalinist regime . 
   bad or good is not the point . 
  poland is anything but innocent oh , it 's precisely the point . 
  starting from a medium sized medieval kingdom , we acquired our further territory mostly through peaceful diplomacy and inheritance , and then focused almost exclusively on keeping what we already had . 
  we were not a warmongering expansive power like sweden , prussia or muscovy . 
  then we lost and got occupied for 100 years , after which the empires that beat us all lost the ww1 . 
  as everyone else in the region , we used the enusing power vacuum to regain our statehood , and compared to other nations in that vacuum , we happened to be moderately effective at it for a time . 
   for you to attempt to whitewash its political endeavors as ` defensive ' . 
  the 1618 war and already mentioned post-ww1 era aside , poland throughout history * was * a defensive power - as in content with merely securing what it already had . 
   it 's just weak , and there is n't much else to it . 
  sometimes we were weak , sometimes we were among the most powerful land powers in europe . 
  most often somewhere in between . 
  good question . 
  we used to be so close with lithuanians , that a large part of them simply * became poles * . 
  the ones that did n't , for the last 150 or so years seemed to do everything to diverge from us wherever they could , which naturally makes the current lithuania somewhat distant on many aspects , yet quite familiar at the same time . 
  it 's very scummy indeed , but at the same time something like that was , in my opinion , bound to happen sooner or later . 
  * freedom of religion * ? 
  i do n't think it 's in much danger here . 
  as for secularism - i do n't know , de-facto we are not really a fully secular state since the early 90s anyway , and the church always had a strong position in our society . 
  pis certainly wo n't work towards diminishing it . 
  it 's a quite frequent talking point , and a polarizing one . 
  the polish constitutional tribunal is a very politicized body , with its design being critically flawed ( judges elected by a simple parliamentary majority ) . 
  ruling parties usually take it slowly and gradually by simply putting their judges in free slots , but this time it got rather messy with first the former ruling party trying to take over the two additional slots right before losing power , and then the new ruling party over-retaliating by not only dismissing those two unlawful judges , but also taking over the three additional slots themselves . 
  and then it transformed into a full shitfest , with both tribunal and parliament working around the law and procedures while trying to screw over one another . 
  taking this into account , i do n't support either side in this conflict , and the only way to resolve it is to completely change the way tribunal operates , as the current one clearly failed . 
  pis was always open about their relation with the church , and everyone voting for them knew about that . 
  i do n't see why i should be particularly bothered by that , considering that i 'm not some radical anti-clerical . 
   polish hegemony sounds so much better . 
  indeed . 
  definitely better for everyone in the region than what actually happened to them - as in , being overrun either by nazi germany or soviet union . 
  alas , the intermarium idea failed miserably - and i do n't think it would end up as `` polish hegemony '' even if it somehow succeeded , as we lacked the difference in raw power over the other potential members to ever keep it that way . 
   pols are just a bunch of losers who centuries on end bite more than they can chew and then shed tears pretending to be victimized over seeing how the favor is being returned in far more resultful fashion . 
  for a great majority of our history poland was a defensive power , and since the medieval times there were around two instances in which we took a purely offensive action - the first time , when private shenanigans of some of our richest citizens got so out of control , they put their own tsar on the russian throne and called for help , and the second time when we regained independence after 100 years , and had to secure it by force . 
  not a bad track record compared to the other european nations . 
  no , it simply means that despite the efforts of some journalists to show it in that light , our country is not minutes away from a million-people-crowd overthrowing the `` universally hated government '' in a violent coup . 
  [ better than one would imagine after reading a typical foreign article covering the events in poland . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8d/polish_opinion_polling_for_the_2019_election.png/1000px-polish_opinion_polling_for_the_2019_election.png ), 
  with the collections of links you gave , `` polish imperialism '' seem to be of an incredibly interesting variety , as it consists of situations where : * we indeed are the ones doing the attacking - for example , when we happen to be the very last ones to take a majority polish city , during a two year long period in which this city changed hands almost a dozen of times ( wilno case ) . 
  * we are defenders but then counter-attack and win decisively - for example , when inhabitants of a majority polish city succesfuly defend themselves against invading forces of self-proclaimed ukrainian republic , and then get helped by the regular polish forces ( polish-ukrainian war ) . 
  and then we have the third , by far the most peculiar case of `` polish imperialism '' , * where a polish-majority area , on a polish side of the demarcation line , * gets invaded * by czechoslovakia , occupied by it , and then czechoslovakia proceeds to annex it . 
  apparently even losing territory after being attacked in a defensive war counts as an imperialist act , following on this logic one simply ca n't help but consider , say , the munich agreement to be a prime example of `` czechoslovak imperialism '' . 
  not to even mention the most important point , that - taking into account the topic of this discussion - none of those actions were done in the name of `` pan-slavism '' , nor had any connection to this concept whatsoever . 
  i said `` russians '' , not `` eastern slavs '' . 
  personally , i do not include ukrainians and belarusians in the `` russian slavs '' category due to centuries of polish-lithuanian influence on development of those nations , though i guess you might do if you interpreted it that way . 
  it 's futile , considering that the `` huge 250k people anti-gov protest '' lie was already perpetuated over a thousand times , firmly joining the list of common misconceptions along the polish cavarly charges against tanks , napoleon being short , or the great wall of china being the only human-made object visible from the moon . 
  `` pan-slavism '' is merely a codename for russian imperialism . 
  that said , i do feel some kind of connection towards non-russian slavs , especially czechs and slovaks , and to a lesser extent ex-yugos . 
  * in regards to our relations with us * , because that 's what matters to people around here first and foremost . 
  anyhow , bush scored a lot of points by promising poland that we 'll host the missile shield project and us bases . 
  on the other hand , obama cancelled it , which was considered a big affront , not to even mention his policy towards russia before 2014 . 
   sure most people in ee are happy that obama is not bush quite the contrary , in regards to our relations with us , obama 's presidency was a big letdown compared to the bush one . 
   do n't poles just asks themselves ` what would a commie do ? ', 
  and do the opposite . 
  pretty much . 
  commies are percieved as the ultimate evil around here . 
  the more polluted half of poland * is * the more densely populated half as well , so it 's not entirely wrong . 
  you probably should have told this to the guys who wrote the current polish constitution 20 years ago , i 'm sure they would take this into account . 
  alas , the constitution they created is self-contradictory , full of holes and vague expressions , and includes a heavily politicized constitutional tribunal elected by a simple parliamentary minority . 
  i do n't defend our government here , and in the conflict between tribunal and government i support neither side , as both of them exceeded their competences while trying to outwit each other . 
   how deluded would you have to be to think that `` solidarity '' would win during the martial law ? 
  members of `` solidarity '' at the time must have been very deluded then . 
  indeed , labor law reforms seem like a way more severe issue . 
   you know , from the reality of the numbers and statistics publicly available and published by large multinational institutions . 
  [ the numbers and statistics ] ( http://wykresygieldowe.bblog.pl/i/blog/users/2841/files/image/1120061-produkt-krajowy-brutto-wzrosl.jpg ) show clearly that poland was steadily and swiftly developing and recovering from soviet-imposed communist idiocy ever since the early 90s , which predates our eu accession for over a decade . 
   in addition to the international journalistic community and prominent assessment institutions such as reporters without borders . 
  the `` international journalistic community '' and `` prominent assessment institutions '' seem to change their minds surprisingly easily , depending on whether the guys they happen to like are in charge , or were ousted . 
  just a year ago i recall the `` international journalistic community '' and `` prominent assessment institutions '' not being able to stop preaching about how great everything in poland is . 
   but hey , keep on circlejerking about how the eu is a failure and how your glorious nationalist leaders will accomplish anything . 
  luckily the eu is not bound to become a complete failure yet , and its disastrous course can still be changed . 
  efforts towards which i 'm always glad to see . 
   stop ruining the eu . 
  eu was always somewhat ruined , it only became more apparent after it started to crack under prolonged and increasing strain . 
   instead of pretending you have any idea how to manage things , how about you do what you are told ?
