   saying europe is a continent is as laughable as saying florida is a continent because i live in florid and am special denying europe is a part of asia is as laughable as denying new york is part of new england because i live in new york and i 'm special . 
  we already have a container of `` new england '' which includes many different states like massachusetts , connecticut or vermont , so it 's common sense to include new york there as well , and we do n't do it only because of insecure little penises of new yorkers . 
  i tried to write a post in your style , and using your way of thinking , though i suck in making spelling mistakes on purpose so i hope you 'll forgive me on that one . 
  oh , now i recall i have met you like a year ago on / r/mapporn , just you had a different nick back then . 
  unfortunately , the poor attempt at trolling supported by non-existant argumentation remained exactly the same . 
  it 's too late in the night and i 'm to lazy to look for a lenghty and detailed post i wrote back then , so i 'll just briefly recap it . 
  asia was an idea specifically * invented * to describe `` the part of the biggest landmass on earth which is * not * europe '' . 
  it 's obviously a common sense not to include something that is by definition excluded from a container into this container . 
  of course , there could be invented an entirely new name like `` continent 1 '' , `` bdhxbsh '' or `` assburger '' to describe the previously lacking any name continent which encompasses both europe and asia , but for whatever reason eurasia seemed the most natural , especially as it sounded better than asirope . 
   firstly , europe is not a continent . 
  it is a region of asia to help you understand your mistake better , i wrote equally as wrong sentence : `` firstly , florida is not a peninsula , it 's a region of alaska '' both europe and asia are indeed two different parts of the same continent . 
  this continent is called `` eurasia '' . 
   considering poland was a part of ussr lol . 
  we were occupied by soviets for 45 years , sure , but fortunately we never were a part of ussr . 
  even during those times the only contact most people ever had with russian was a few years of half-assed foreign language learning course in school . 
   i do n't think russian is considered ` exotic ' as much as swahili is you wo n't have any contact with russian language in poland unless you specifically look for it . 
  you wo n't have any contact with swahili language in poland unless you specifically look for it . 
  you might have a little easier time with russian than with swahili , but for purposes of regular daily life in poland , both languages are equally as irrelevant . 
   russian i guess nobody spoke swahili either , if we are going with exotic languages . 
  yeah , i think we * do * have a superiority complex , though only towards russia , ukraine and belarus . 
  czech republic and slovakia are seen as two smaller polands with a bonus of more mountains and a funny language , lithuania is ... rarely remembered other than our historical allies from commonwealth era , and the country in which wilno is , and germany is everything we want poland to be and the constant object of envy . 
  ... the children are stil far better off working in such factories than dying on the streets from hunger . 
  it * is * benefitial to both sides . 
  i remember . 
  well , there was also such [ front page of a popular polish daily ] ( http://cdn29.se.smcloud.net/t/pics/thumbnails/2008/06/05/okladka_640x0_rozmiar-niestandardowy.jpg ) right before some match with germany . 
  that 's just how our press is - the rule of thumb is that we generally like germans , and they are our role model and the country we constantly compare ourselves to ... unless anything that could be interpreted as even remotely agressive towards poland happens there . 
  or if we are talking about sports ( football , handball , ski jumping , even f1 when kubica was still there - take your pick ) . 
   , i just got accused of being paid by russia , yall crazy . 
  not by me , your posts are way too incoherent to come from russian internet division . 
  i think you are just genuinely uninformed . 
   yesterday i was downvoted for hoping that the conflict would dissipate the only ones able to dissipate this conflict are russians , as they are the ones who escalated it to such state in the first place . 
   yall are gon na end up in a real fucking war if you keep it up , we already tried the `` stay silent and hope that the agressor will be satisfied with the small gains he has gotten so far '' approach in europe once , and we ended with the most bloody and destructive war in the history of mankind , so i 'd rather not see us making this mistake again . 
   i 'm just unsubscribing from this sub well , seeing it 's / r/europe and you claim to be an american , it 's as if i publicly announced my unsubscription from / r/baltimore after i once again publicly demonstrated my utter lack of understanding of the city affairs . 
  last time i checked russia still occupied soviet union 's permanent spot in un security council - so yes , i 'd say the successor of soviet union exists and is currently named russian federation . 
  prussia on the other hand is as gone as carthage . 
   germany germany apologized for their wrongdoings multiple times , did the last shitty thing 70 years ago , and generally since then they try really hard not to be dicks anymore so why would i hate them ? 
   france why on earth would i hate france , historically our best pals ? 
  ( even if they could do better in 1939 , other than that they were always a + great allies of poland . 
  all hail napoleon ) . 
   prussia the rebellous since 1657 former polish fief of prussia ceased to exist after the ww2 , so it 's rather hard to hate them as they are quite amorphous these days . 
   mean , you guys were invading ukraine a century ago when it was russian territory , well , and russians were invading ukraine two centuries ago when it was polish territory . 
  interesting how things change , is n't it ? 
  that 's our secret . 
  we 're always butthurt . 
  but seriously , you do n't have to be particularly gifted in either historical , geopolitical or international relations-related knowledge to answer that question yourself . 
  yeah , especially as earlier that summer both [ wilno ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_ostra_brama ) and [ lw\u00f3w ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lw%c3%b3w_uprising ) * were * liberated by uprisings of home army , and we all know on which side of the border both cities ended up after the war . 
  the situation would n't be any different in warsaw , even if the uprising somehow was succesful and the legitimate government returned to warsaw , they would be * dealt * with in the same way soviets dealt with home army in wilno and lw\u00f3w a few weeks earlier ( arrested and most likely murdered ) . 
  the home army * had * to know it , i 'm completely baffled as to why they still proceeded anyway . 
  if soviets helped the uprising ( like it happened a few weeks later in another european capital close to the frontline - paris , though there were americans and brits in that role so it 's understandable ) , instead of sitting on their asses and watching it from the right bank of vistula with grins on their faces , the uprising would be a great success . 
  his mistake was foolishly assuming that soviets are our allies , while they actualy also were enemies . 
  that explains why everyone in czech republic and north italy is german . 
  when silesia ceased to be polish in the middle ages , it became bohemian , it was only in 1742 when it was taken by prussia . 
  the population there actually remained mostly west slavic until as late as 17th-18th century , after which the german language started to prevail . 
   really , how did you make this connection . 
  i 've seen so many people shitting on `` poland b '' in a manner which could be interpreted as `` yeah , poland b is a backwards shithole , but fortunately not all of poland is like that '' , i started to classify them as `` out of touch with reality lefties from somewhere in western poland with an inferiority complex '' , and usualy that indeed turned out to be the case . 
  i might have been mistaken in my assessment this time , for which i apologize . 
   surely the eastern parts were also war ravaged ? 
  well , precisely . 
  if you are basically rebuilding everything from scratch anyway , the fact that some parts * used * to be more developed before they were destroyed is n't really that relevant . 
   so really stalin took 200 $ off of you and gave roughly the same back except the fact that it was * not * the case was precisely the point i was trying to make , and you appear to have missed . 
  eastern parts were twice as big , but also a bit less valuable , that 's precisely why i used two different currencies , and two different ammounts of money , though now i fear my analogy was too subtle . 
   basically just moved you a few hundred km west . 
  ... and exchanged areas with hundreds years of polish history and long estabilished polish communities , for some random german places which only connection to us was the fact that they used to be ruled by poland in like 13th century . 
  though if you do n't really care at all about the place you are living in it 's irrelevant , sure . 
  we call our counties `` powiaty '' , voivodeships are a one step higher and are equivalent to `` provinces '' or `` lands '' . 
  [ * some * of the lands we lost were indeed never polish . 
  on the other hand , they were n't `` soviet unionish '' either , so that could n't be a justification for their annexation . 
  ] ( http://s24.postimg.org/u4d92sedh/polacy_na_kresach.png ) and while you could argue that other lands were `` never polish '' , as they were merely parts of the commonwealth , east galicia with lw\u00f3w was an integral part of kingdom of poland ever since it was inherited in 1340 , and while it had many ukrainian majority parts , it also had numerous polish-majority areas , and the rest was 40-40 % mixed polish-ukrainian . 
  actually , only warmia ( * ermeland * , that long and narrow area inside east prussia ) was . 
  the rest of lands grabbed by prussia between 1772 and 1815 was ethnically polish and , with exception of eastern pomerania ( in german nomenclature - * `` west prussia '' * ) which in 14th century was briefly controlled by teutonic order , never had anything to do with any german state . 
  even after 100 years of heavy discrimination of indigenous population and extensive germanization and german colonization efforts , those lands remained majority polish , and were given back to poland in versailles . 
   perfectly developed already that area was almost completely destroyed by warfare , and most of valuable assets like factories that survived were dismantled and transported to soviet union . 
  you are severely underestimating the amount of effort that was needed to bring those lands back to the state comparable with original . 
  indeed , railway and road system ( which in large part had to be repaired anyway ) was a bit more dense , and that 's where advantages end . 
  looking at this very map you are commenting under , it seems that also in `` good '' sense , considering that half of the oh mighty cosmopolitan poland a \u00fcbermenschen would n't even bother defending the country , while the dirty nationalistic poland b troglodites are almost uniformly of the opposite opinion . 
  [ i love this aura of completely undeserved smug superiority radiating from some of `` poland a '' inhabitants . 
  if you were robbed $ 200 at gunpoint , but then the robber gave you $ 100 he has stolen from someone else , i do n't really think you would consider the latter to be a `` gift '' . 
  if we are seemingly posting maps of poland with low ammount of corelation to the one op posted , [ here is a map of soil distribution in poland . 
  like how areas where prevalent opinion is `` i 'm escaping the country '' corelate with areas that were colonized by poland after 1945 . 
  complete lack of surprise . 
  poland can into baltic , 
  yeah , we all already know you are a special mrmysterious snowflake who , unlike the rest of poland , is not a part of the western civilization . 
  you really do n't have to remind everyone about it in each of your posts , you are worse than vegans . 
  it appears that such assessment of each other is mutually shared then . 
  well , considering that further down the guy who wrote this comment claims to be an `` american jew '' and makes fun of everyone trying to discuss with him ( `` do n't pretend to be a polish catholic , you obviously are a jew just like me , just i am an american one , and you are a polish jew ashamed of who he is '' ) , i 'd say it 's obviously a thinly-veiled trolling instead of genuine idiocy or antisemitism in this particular case . 
  so all you are trying to say was that communist rule was even * more * disastrous that statistics showed ? 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  \\  another kacap coming with his laughable `` look at evil poland lolol '' theory i do n't know what 's with that , you had some paradocumental program about that in the prime time in your national tv , or something ? 
  ukraine ( their unsuccesful efforts to take over the polish lw\u00f3w , inhabitants of the city themselves fought them for weeks until polish army came ) , czechoslovakia ( they were the first who invaded zaolzie - in 1919 ) and even lithuania ( poland controlled wilno from the moment germans left , and it was consistent with the will of locals , yet lithuania claimed it for all of interwar , and even briefly controlled it for two months in 1920 when poland was almost being defeated by bolsheviks ) invaded poland as well . 
  seems that everyone was a cunt to each other in the interwar period . 
  that 's what tends to happen when you have a bunch of newly independent countries with undefined borders next to each other , and poland was n't any better or worse than czechoslovakia , lithuania or ukraine . 
  are you also , like 50s us communists , following the ideology dominant in the evil totalitarian superpower that is as powerful as usa , and is rivalling it all around the world , including seeking change of the us regime to the one submissive to said superpower ( with hands of people like you ) ? 
  if your answer to this question is `` yes '' then indeed , you are an ideological enemy of the us . 
  20 cents per eu citizen per year ? 
  i 'd say that 's bargain for having everything eu-related translated into my native language , i could pay twice or thrice that much and still feel it was money well spent . 
  their data seems to be a bit outdated then . 
  they indeed were considered kinda `` pro-russian '' ( which in poland means `` not-completely-anti-russian-and-treating-russia-almost-as-if-it-was-a-normal-country '' ) until early 2014 , but as russia started to act funny again lately , their stance turned into firmly anti-russian . 
   thing that our current model of totalitarian firms is the only solution . 
  in our current model , nobody stops you from forming together with your likeminded buddies a `` socialist '' firm where you will all democratically own and manage all the means of production . 
  good luck , really - just do n't try to force everyone else into it .
