   but at least i got to know the other perspective regarding history . 
  kudos , i find this discussion with lithuanians , and their own intricately crafted and cherry-picked view of history showing how lithuania never did anything wrong , and it 's all fault of the big evil poland equally enlightening . 
  the levels of mental gymnastics you venture into to justify claiming a city with a trace amount of lithuanians are particularly interesting . 
   you got my polish downvote too , for being a bigoted asshole . 
  no problem , you seem to be a cosmopolitan-leftist asshole like most of polish people with eu flags . 
  i do n't feel hurt by it , i expected it . 
   yes , they are jerks , but they are justified i know how situation looks like in estonia and latvia , and situation in lithuania is nothing like it . 
  there is no sizeable russian minority in lithuania , and polish minority resides almost exclusively on areas of lithuania belonging to it since 1939 . 
  if they do n't like having a minority in their country , they perhaps should have thought about it before joining in areas with those minorities to their country . 
   how could poland claim vilnius as it 's own because of former \u017de\u010dpospolitians living in it ? 
  how could slovakia claim bratislava as it 's own when there was never such thing as slovakia before ? 
   will i get a polish passport , because my last name has a lithuanian nobility / polish origin ? 
  if you meet all the requirements of polish citizenship , you will . 
  it is easier for people of polish descent . 
   can usa annex my country because i speak english ? 
  can usa annex my country because it used to belong to usa 700 years ago ? 
   was it right for nazi germany to annex sudetenland and austria because of their language ? 
  was it right for lithuania to annex wilno because of its history and despite its language ? 
   but it always has been except those ~ 19 years when poland had it . 
  istanbul will always be a capital of greece except for those years when turkey had it . 
   it was the capital city of grand duchy of lithuania precisely . 
  connection between the grand duchy of lithuania , a multi-national country speaking old ruthenian , polish , and lithuanian , with only the two first languages being official ones , and the republic of lithuania , a nation state with lithuanian being its sole language and descending from a ethnic group which made up only a few percent of grand duchy 's population is vague at best . 
   still is the capital of lithuania and always will be . 
  thinking similarly , aachen seems like a natural city for the capital of france . 
  it was charlemagne 's capital after all . 
   regarding other things you said , the same thing could be said about poland . 
  go on . 
   oh but it 's relevant . 
  yeah , totally the same situation . 
  holding the area for 60 years of peace , and for 2 months of a multi-sided war . 
   19th century was time of national revival . 
  when polish got offended that lithuanians do n't want to be polonized anymore . 
  those who already got polonized * were * poles though . 
  you have no right to claim otherwise . 
   we were in danger of losing our cultural identity as a nation . 
  your ethnic area got smaller , tough luck . 
  it happened to many nations throughout history . 
   and our relationship deteriorated after poland refused to recognize lithuania as a new country and latter on broke the suvalk\u0173 agreement . 
  no , our relationship deteriorated after lithuania has started claiming areas which had nothing in common with lithuanian nation save vague historical connection . 
  i agree that breaking the suwa\u0142ki agreement was a bad move from polish side . 
  even worse mistake was signing it in the fist place though , especially when it was so disadvantageous for poles . 
  yes , now * i * am the hating one . 
  you have won in the end - even though i do n't think you were right in this conflict , you have gotten wilno and turned it into vilnius , now at least treat the remaining autochthonous population like it is treated in other european countries . 
  save that i do n't have anything against your little country - i hope you 'll prosper in the future . 
   and what are these basic minority rights that we are denying in our country ? 
  right to write their names correctly in official documents , instead of in a deformed lithuanian form . 
  having street signs in native language in areas with significant presence of a minority . 
  other countries , including poland , do n't seem to have any problems with it . 
   writing street names in other language is anti-constitutional . 
  well , then your constitution is quite and outlier in europe . 
  i do n't know how you even got admited to the eu . 
   we 'd have to change our constitution , but we wo n't since we have an unfriendly neighbor . 
  your neighbour would n't be so unfriendly , if you have changed your constitution . 
   as polish like to put it `` litewski chamie kl\u0119knij przed polskim panem '' . 
  you expect a pat on the back from a violent group of far-right ultras , when you deny basic rights to our minority in your country ? 
   and grand duchy of lithuania was established by who ? 
  and grand duchy of lithuania was estabilished when ? 
  12th century ? 
  13th century ? 
  how it was relevant to the situation in the city and area around it in early 20th century ? 
  could italy claim london because roman empire held it for few centuries ? 
   did lithuanians during commonwealth , russian empire and german occupation periods ceased to exist ? 
  they remained in areas of samogitia and auksztota . 
  definitely not in wilno region , which was predominantly polish ( and remains so - in rural areas - to this day ) . 
   what right had poland to annex our capital city ? 
  it was n't your capital city . 
  it was the capital city of the grand duchy of lithuania , a part of the commonwealth over a hundred years earlier , and the only thing it had in common with the new `` lithuanian '' nation state was its name . 
   the same right as russia taking crimea and eastern ukraine ? 
  has russia lost crimea in january 2014 or in 1954 ? 
  because if the former was true , then your analogy would bear some resemblance of truth . 
   lets take our `` brother 's '' capital because there 's lots of polish/polonised lithuanians and because it 's a weaker state . 
  or rather let 's secure the important centre of polish culture inhabited mostly by poles , which is also claimed ( on a very weak basis ) by our `` brothers '' . 
   but of course they teach you that mean old lithuania broke the friendship ? 
  the friendship was broken much earlier , during the russian occupation in 19th century , when lithuanians started treating poles living in areas of the grand duchy as `` lithuanians , who think who are poles '' ( this kind of thinking is very prevalent in your country , i saw examples of it even in this very thread ) . 
  no wonder our relations deteriorated with such attitude from you . 
  you hate them so much , that you do n't even let them have street signs in their native language in areas inhabited by them , a standard practice in the rest of european union including poland ? 
  when will lithuanian state enter the 21st century ? 
  edit : damn herd mentality , now that i have gotten below threshold on this one , it will automatically end up as a typical alternating upvoted/downvoted comment train . 
   vilnius was always our city to begin with exactly how it was * your * city ? 
  it has belonged to : * grand duchy * commonwealth ( since 1569 ) * russian empire ( since 1793 ) * german ober-ost command ( since 1915 ) * polish self-defence ( since 1918/9 ) * lit-bel soviet socialist republic ( 1919 ) * poland ( 1919 ) * soviet russia ( 1920 ) * lithuania ( 1920 ) * \u017beligowski 's troops ( 1920 ) * poland again ( 1922 ) when exactly it was `` your '' city ? 
  for those two months between when soviet russia gave it to you after they took it from poland , and \u017beligowski 's action ? 
  and the only mistake with suwa\u0142ki agreement was signing it , as it gave legitimancy to the ridiculous lithuanian claim . 
   the only people who claimed the city because it was `` inhabited by other nationalities only because they felt like it '' - were polish . 
  how could we possibly claim the city ** inhabited by * other * nationalities ** if most of its inhabitiants were polish ? 
  are you familiar with basic principles of logic ? 
  you have claimed the city inhabited by poles basing on some 600 years old lithuanian legends - and dare accusing poles of somehow `` occupying '' it ? 
  if it 's really true , it seems that half of the city might soon belong to wroc\u0142awians . 
  though there was similar scaremongering about germans 10 years ago in poland , and i do n't recall anything like that actually happening . 
  that 's where both branches of lithuanians ( as in `` people of former grand duchy '' ) diverged . 
  the `` lithuanian '' speaking lithuanians , living in western lithuania , proceeded to build their own , `` lithuanian '' speaking nation state . 
  at the same time the polish speaking lithuanians , living in central lithuania became even closer to the rest of the polish nation , while still calling themselves `` lithuanians '' in a way other poles called themselves `` masovians '' or `` silesians '' . 
  this resulted in culmination of 1920 conflict between poland and lithuania , where both sides had strong arguments , though there 's no doubt most of the city inhabitiants at the time wished for it to become a part of poland . 
  i recall most nations did it at some point . 
  so did lithuanians - with wilno after the world war i. i think you would be hard pressed to find a ** city ** not inhabited mostly by poles ( and jews ) in the interwar poland . 
   i speak polish and am a lithuanian , so what ? 
  as a first , or as a second language ? 
  were you subjected to the lithuanian culture and education in your early years ? 
  because that way , you might be a lithuanian well enough . 
  many polish-language speaking people have identified themselves as `` lithuanians '' - and as poles at the same time . 
  that does n't mean they have felt any connection with some baltic language speaking nation state calling itself `` lithuania '' which has appropriated this much broader term for themselves in the interwar period .
