  it surprises me that you do n't find anything remotely similar to the polish one i 'm relatively familiar with byelorussian one . 
  there are some similarities , but it 's nothing extraordinary . 
  also , belarus and ukraine are in a `` almost familiar , but something a bit off about them '' category in terms of closeness . 
  in some ways , they feel closer than hungarians , in many others they feel alien like russians . 
  well , they are bordering us and were ruled by our country for hundreds of years after all . 
   and why do you keep mentioning russia and bulgaria ... a very random choice of countries . 
  why not ? 
  they happen to speak a slavic language - which automatically makes them close culturally to poland than any other ( no matter how otherwise similar ) nation not speaking such language , according to you . 
   are you familiar with their culture too ? 
  with bulgarian - rather vaguely , with russian - to the level a foreigner not really terribly interested in it , but not completely ignoring it either would . 
   fair enough , but those examples seem to me very general . 
  if that 's `` general '' , then the `` our languages sound kinda similar , but not enough to really understand eachother '' thing must be completely irrelevant to you . 
   can you explain what part of the culture is similar definitely the `` we are martyrs that lost history '' mentality and `` celebrating '' our various national traumas and defeats ( trianon for hungary , warsaw uprising , yalta conference and ww2 in general for poland ) . 
  also , the general `` central european '' feel . 
  whether it 's czechia , slovakia or hungary , going there just really feels familiar , and other than language , is almost like traveling to different parts of poland . 
   i do n't find anything even remotely similar to the polish one , especially the music . 
  i do n't find anything even remotely similar to the polish one , especially the music in russian or bulgarian culture either . 
   how exactly do you feel closer to hungarians how would n't i ? 
  they are literally considered the best allies and friends of poland throughout history , to [ the point where we call them `` cousins '' ( * bratanki * ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pole_and_hungarian_cousins_be ) . 
   when their language basically has nothing to do with polish the fact that russian kinda sounds like it had a common ancestor with polish before the thousands years of separation ( but is unintelligible anyway ) does n't change the fact that the russian culture and mentality for most of history was like a complete opposite of the polish one . 
  the hungarian * language * is different . 
  their * culture * and mentality is similar , and the only foreign countries where i felt more like in home were slovakia and lithuania . 
   what are those common cultural similarities between you and them ? 
  thousand years of close cultural ties . 
  there are various historical similarities , to start with . 
  both poland and hungary were two catholic kingdoms on the eastern edge of the western world , the place where various mongol , turkish , muslim or bolshevik invaders were stopped from proceeeing further more often than not . 
  both once had big multinational empires , and now all that 's left from them are rump states encompassing only the strictest ethnic area , and even then with significant portion of it left behind the new borders . 
  both nations maintained unbroken friendly relations since medieval times , and the polish-hungarian border was always the most peaceful border of our country . 
  even when neither was independent , like in 19th century or during the soviet occupation , there was a huge ammount of help flowing both ways - most notably in 1848 and 1956 . 
  even when hungary was allied with nazi germany , they outright refused to participate in invasion of poland , and gave shelter to many polish refugees instead . 
  both countries were historically culturally western , but due to enduring 40 years of soviet occupation are often mistakenly called `` eastern european '' nowadays . 
  what do you think all these wars in the 90s were about ? 
  in the end , internal borders of yugoslavia were used to define borders or countries resulting from its collapse - even if those internal borders were n't corresponding to ethnic borders in many places . 
  polxit sounds like a brand of cheap shoe polish . 
  yes , but they were n't muslims back then . 
  yeah , but that already kinda was our position since early 2014 , so it 's not necessarily * news * . 
   if russia is n't culturally european , all other slavs are n't either . 
  not really , though some people tend to greatly overestimate similarities between various slavic nations . 
  since the 10th century polish culture had much more contact , exchange and more to do in general with german and western european culture than with the russian one . 
  and i definitely feel much closer to hungarians or lithuanians than to russians or bulgarians . 
   i wish what would happen if ottos switched to christianity after istanbul 's conquest . 
  turks would most likely be considered legitimate successors of the eastern roman empire . 
  and * the city * would still be called constantinople . 
   then what about albania , bosnia and ksosovo ? 
  remains of attempted turkish conquest of europe . 
   by other european elites . 
  bolsheviks are now considered to be `` other european elites '' ? 
   you are contradicting yourself . 
  i am not contradicting myself . 
  it 's a word used to describe this particular civil institution . 
  it 's entirely possible to change the definition of such civil institution , but this way its name no longer correctly describes it , and should be changed . 
   if it is a civil institution , then providing such an institution for straight people , but banning for gay people is discriminatory it 's not discriminatory . 
  gay people are not explicitly * banned * from the institution of marriage - you do n't have to be sexually attracted to let alone love your spouse . 
  though indeed the most desirable type of partnership for gay people is * outside * the definition of marriage , and that 's not `` good '' , `` bad '' , or `` discriminatory '' , just a state of facts . 
   marriage is civil institution . 
  marriage-like civil institution ( civil union or something ) in many places lack some legal aspects of marriage , which should be available to gay people too . 
  it 's not about wording , that is , if you assume that the only possible reason state would recognize marriages was to make people in relatively stable ( though strictly monogamous !, 
  `` discrimination '' of polygamous people is apparently perfectly alright for `` progressive '' lot ) relationships happy . 
  which is not necessarily the case , though the damage coming from this assumption is minor enough i could tolerate ( * lat . 
  endure , put up with * ) it . 
   if however , in some jurisdictions it is about wording - meaning civil unions have exactly the same powers as marriage , and , again , this is a compromise i would tolerate , even if i do n't fully agree with reasoning . 
   i kinda understand where you are coming from , and what is your main point , i just find it ridiculous and laughable i 'm glad the feeling is mutual , because i was convinced i 'm the only one feeling this way and i 'm wasting my time on those 15th level comments noone else will read completely futily . 
   it 's a legal concept , civil institution great . 
  and i already said multiple times that i do n't really oppose those marriage-like civil institutions for people whose preferences lie outside the definition of marriage . 
  even if i would n't campaign for them , nor treat them as an important issue while deciding on who to vote for , because i do n't think such matters are role of the state in the first place . 
   and that has what to do with anything ? 
  well , exactly . 
  i could ask you the exact same question in my previous post , but instead i decided to reply this way so maybe you could see yourself how unrelated most of your arguments are . 
   you win , i concede . 
  i 'm glad . 
   and we think it 's discriminatory and should be changed . 
  discriminatory exactly how ? 
  it 's just a word . 
  and no , i do n't think `` muh feels '' counts as a valid reason to meddle with a dictionary . 
  when we are at it , we can also disregard the `` legal union '' part ( discrimination of single people !, 
  ) , or even change the whole definition to something like `` chocolate cake with ice cream '' , or `` the intersection of two highways '' - we can do it , because language not real . 
   just as previously only-same-race marriages were changed , just as only-white-men-can-vote rule was changed . 
  neither of the laws ever existed in poland . 
  interracial marriage was always legal , even if frowned upon , and both men and women could vote in poland ever since we regained independence in 1918 . 
  before you ask , no we never really had colonies in africa nor envaged in slave trade in atlantic . 
   marriage is civil union . 
  it 's absurd to let straight people call it marriage and forbid for gay people to do so . 
  jackdaw is a crow . 
  it 's absurd to call crows `` crows '' , and forbid jackdaws from also being called `` crows '' . 
   must be from all the gay propaganda that washed my brain . 
  once again you are trying to fight a strawman that was n't even in a slightest mentioned by me . 
  you are not the most skillful conversation partner , that 's for sure . 
   what is then , according to you , the original definition of the word marriage ? 
  legally sanctioned union of a man and a woman . 
   many people do see . 
  many people do see benefits in having the death penalty in a legal system ( to go with the `` disproportional comparison '' card you seem to be fond of ) . 
  * argumentum ad populum * does n't really mean anything . 
   do you see any negatives in it though ? 
  i see negatives in a poor usage of a language . 
  using the word `` marriage '' to describe marriage-like civil unions ( which are * not * marriages ) , is an artifical ingerention in language enforcing incorrect usage of it , to which i am always opposed . 
   so to sum up gay marriage ca n't be marriage because they ca n't reproduce ? 
  to sum up , gay marriage is not a marriage * according to the original definition of the word `` marriage '' * . 
  and to disregard this weird assumption i observed you to have - i am not vehemently opposed to some kind of state recognition of polygamous/homosexual/other non - * marriageish * relationships , i just do n't really see any benefit in artifically and incorrectly trying to enforce the usage of the word `` marriage '' to describe them . 
  i wonder whether you really have such serious problems with reading comprehension . 
  because i consider the point of state-recognized marriage to be promotion and support of a stable environment in which `` production '' and development of future taxpayers occurs , instead of giving to ( relatively stable ) romantic partners official recognition of such state and some tax breaks and an occasion to fancy celebration on top of that which seems to be a dominant opinion in this corner of internet .
