  you are repeatedly missing the point here , there is a certain legal procedure , and it is observed here . 
  your feels are irrelevant . 
  and that man has every right to apostasy . 
  on the other hand , he has no right to * force apostasy on his son * , as he is not the one with a custody over him . 
   was bored out of my mind , and after a few years , i remember finding the whole concept nonsensical . 
  really ? 
  some guy will walk on water and multiply fish ? 
  yeah , that 's scientifically plausible / s. 
  yes , that 's * your opinion * on that , very interesting indeed . 
   someone wants to accept it based upon faith , that 's their right , but if i have kids , they can be religious once they are mature enough to make up their own minds and you have right to do so , just like you would have right to baptise them and try to upring them to be religious . 
  both options are equal human rights . 
   i wo n't impose baptism , or church on them , and i do n't think a court should either . 
  court has given custody to child 's mother , and mother wishes to bring up her son in a religious way . 
  it 's her right to do so , and father - who has * not * recieved custody over the child - has no right to interfere with it by imposing his own views . 
  hence the , correct from my point of view , court 's decision . 
  pretty much . 
  christians in poland tend to attend churches every sunday . 
  [ especially in ma\u0142opolska region of poland , ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/3/9744/m9744193,kosciol-uczeszczanie-katolikow.jpg ) where this situation took place . 
  nowhere does it say that the kid * does not want * to go to church either . 
  i recall it being a mildly interesting experience , when i went with my family as a kid . 
   impose his religion on another man 's son ? 
  his son is already a part of the religion , nothing is imposed on him . 
   apostasy is a human right . 
  practicing religion is also a human right . 
   besides , nowhere does it say he wants to change his son 's religion . 
  he just does n't want to waste his time and his son 's time on church . 
  no , he wants to prevent his son from attendance in religious practices , even though his son is a christian . 
  also , `` waste time '' - quite unbiased , are n't you ? 
  precisely , and this very freedom is being * protected * here by polish court . 
   there exists data from many other countries in similar situation to france , and significantly higher birthrate of immigrants is rather consistent between them . 
  perhaps france is an outlier , good for them in that case . 
   only similarity is that people move for money , yeah sure . 
  it 's the only important sentence in this long paragraph . 
  both situations are * migrations * . 
   it so happens that i know france by law forbids publication of data of births based on ethnicity and religion oh , are you implying that the fact that this statistics is not * disclosed * makes it non-existant ? 
  seems that we have reached entirely new levels of `` sweeping problems under the rug '' here . 
  there exists data from many other countries in similar situation to france , and significantly higher birthrate of immigrants is rather consistent between them . 
  perhaps france is an outlier , good for them in that case . 
  oh haha , i discuss this issue with them all the time . 
  even the most hardcore of them agree that there was no systematic , forceful polonization prior to the interwar period ( and the interwar period actions did n't achieve any significant results either way ) . 
  no , it 's only `` apples and oranges '' because it 's yet another example that does not confirm your preconceived notion . 
  the * actual end result * of it is strikingly similar . 
  as for the `` merely 7 % right now '' argument - what is important is how this percentage looks like on the * births in current year * statistics , and it so happens that the number is significantly higher than 7 % . 
  if nothing significant changes , the major demographical shift is almost a foregone conclusion within the next few generations . 
  russian migration to baltic states - while enabled by the soviet invasion of them , and encouraged by soviet authorities to destroy the baltic nations , * was * economical in its nature . 
  unlike russification , polonization of lithuanian territories was voluntary . 
  `` immigration was always good ... except for this one instance where it was n't , but it does n't count ... and this one , but it does n't count either ... and this one too , but as i have earlier decided it does n't count as well '' . 
  you in this thread . 
  how convenient of you . 
   tbh i do n't remember from history a single instance where immigration resulted in something bad russian immigration to baltic states, 
   poland is shockingly , also part of europe , so i do n't see how my speaking about what europe achieved climate wise is relevant to where i live . 
  no , you are merely preaching from your high horse about how you literally wish that polish economy was destroyed , while your country , after putting incomparably lesser effort than poland , will remain unaffected by it . 
   you 're a euroskeptic are n't you ? 
  so this is what you want . 
  well , as a euroskeptic , i do n't want any economy-crippling regulations imposed on us either . 
   how is that not changing anything ? 
  even if entire poland disappeared overnight , nothing would change . 
  our impact is minuscule either way compared to china , us or even india . 
   have led the way in climate negotiations . 
  how neatly of you to say , from your windy , rich , small island . 
  building half a dozen of nuclear powerplants is not something we can do overnight , neither something we can afford at once , and this is the only way we could resign from coal energy in forseeable future , as neither solar , hydro , nor wind power are viable as a primary power sources in our country . 
  we would be certainly incetivised by heavy fines - to leave the eu . 
  we do n't need to have our economy destroyed just after it started to somehow recover - in the name of not changing anything at all . 
   first of all , you 're implying that the former noble descendants were living in one city . 
  i am not implying that , the entire region of `` central lithuania '' was majority polish by 20th century . 
   all the polish speakers were nobles . 
  of course not , many peasants also assimilated to the polish culture . 
  after all , the rural population surrounding wilno was also majority polish , contrary to other parts of kresy , for example the polish city of lw\u00f3w which was surrounded by mostly ruthenian rural folk . 
   also , gdl was n't exclusively pagan , eastern lands were orthodox . 
  you were the one claiming that . 
  i know perfectly well that most of gdl was orthodox and old ruthenian , rather than pagan and lithuanian . 
  and most of ruthenian nobility also assimilated to the poliah one . 
   i do n't see how is this relevant well , are n't you lithuanians usually the ones to claim that during the polish-majority period in wilno 's history , many poles in wilno were `` polonized lithuanians ? '', 
  if they were , it 's obvious that there were many descendants of your ruling class among them . 
   as surveys show lithuanian poles vote for the conservatives ( t\u0117vyn\u0117s s\u0105junga -- lietuvos krik\u0161\u010dionys demokratai ) . 
  and yet the polish-majority counties are being won by llra . 
   prefer `` jerusalem of the north '' that 's a nice name , after all like in many cities of rzeczpospolita , in wilno there also was a strong jewish community living alongside its polish population . 
   you do knew that polish lithuanians opposed lithuanian independence from ussr ? 
  with how their alternatives were ( autonomous region in ussr vs no autonomous region in lithuania ) , it 's rather hard to blame them for that . 
  we cared more about securing allies against teutonic knights and expanding east . 
  our dynastic policies were wise and with a thought about future - as long as we still had dynasties . 
   care to provide proof/any source for that claim ? 
  basic logic . 
  medieval pagan gdl -  the elite of gdl assimilates to the polish nation -  period of overwhelming polish-jewish majority in wilno -  after soviet-lithuanian takeover significant portion of poles leaves for poland , nowadays among those poles who remained , tomaszewski 's party has a huge support . 
   and you should . 
  historical grievances ca n't be healthy for one 's mental health why would i ? 
  there are many other equally as irrelevant small countries in the world . 
  i already spare you more thought than i do to gabon , moldova or laos , but only because of your relation to poland . 
   ironic . 
  especially knowing objectiveness of polish historians i read historical books frequently , from both foreign and polish authors . 
   no , the claim itself is comically ridiculous of course it is ridiculous . 
  it being true makes it so much funnier . 
   doubt that 's true . 
  seen you couple of times in various lithuanian related threads precisely , those lithuanian threads once in a while are among the only times i ever spare thought to lithuania . 
  lies and misinformation coming from lithuanian posters are so frequent there ( presumably because of your education programme ) , i just ca n't help myself but comment there . 
  yes , i do know . 
  as much as i am a vocal opponent of russia , if i was a * pole living in lithuania * i would probably seek russian help as well , after all the polish state does not give two shits about polish minorities abroad . 
  in contrast , russians have already supported poles in lithuania once ( polish autonomous area in 1990-1991 ) , so even if they did it for their own * divide et impera * reasons , the gains for poles were real . 
  the current political climate is that many people support the government , many people do n't , and most people do n't care , and the current happenings did n't have much impact on those preferences . 
  in demographics most frequently using the internet ( young people ) basing on my observations i 'd say that proportions are in favour of those supporting the government .
