  spain was a peripheral nation , poland was in central europe . 
  both overall and per capita gdp of poland was higher than spain 's , and poland had 10 million more people ( 35 million vs 25 million ) . 
  so i 'd say poland was much more important than spain in interwar europe . 
  greece ? 
  they were one of many small , insignificant little balkan countries like serbia ( morphing into yugoslavia was certainly a good move , as it allowed them to reach romania-level of relevance ) or bulgaria , though with , no doubt , beautiful history . 
  it 's a `` polish books.google site '' because i have a polish ip . 
  you know , that 's how google sites work . 
  you can change it to . rs , . com , . de , or whatever other domain you want and you will still get the exact same source . 
  your are so deep in denial it 's pitiful to watch . 
  yes , the american author cherry picked data specifically in order to make poland look better . 
  seems legit . 
  also keep in mind poland was heavily hit by 1929 crisis , perhaps comparable with usa or germany , and still was in recession for most of the 30 's . 
  hardly the period suitable to suggest it was `` one edition in favor of poland '' . 
  we were * at worst * on the level or slightly above the level of spain . 
  i know that yugoslavia was pretty good during the commie times and there all went to shit in the 90 's , but it was n't the same way everywhere in europe . 
  well , maybe not much poorer , but significantly . 
  poland 's economy was between spain and italy . 
  czechoslovakia on the other hand , was on the level of finland or austria . 
  http://books.google.com/books?id=xhrakdnpo3ic&amp;lpg=pa17&amp;ots=p0pzmp4hlg&amp;d&amp;pg=pa17#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false [ or , if you prefer , image version . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d3ficwj.png ) sources : oecd historical statistics and world bank development reports , various annual editions . 
  as a bonus you can also see the beneficial impact of soviets on polish economy . 
  `` blah blah blah my ideology is flawless blah blah blah there never was a real communism blah blah blah stalin and mao were not communists '' . 
   pick up a history book sometime . 
  i often read historical books . 
  i consider my historical knowledge to be quite vast , thank you . 
   learn a little about what you 're talking about before attempting to discuss it step out of your ivory tower sometimes and maybe you 'll see what the effects of communism were so far . 
   and by the way , it 's nothing like that . 
  `` you are wrong because you are wrong . '', 
  oh , i have read every single word you have wrote . 
  as out of two of us i am the one having more experience with the real-world effects of communist ideology my bias is understandable . 
  it 's just that you sound like a nazi trying to convince a holocaust victim that his ideology is flawless . 
  communism is a load of bullshit . 
  it has no scientifical basis nor merit . 
  predictions of communism were not observed in a real world . 
  right , now i see that discussion with you is futile . 
  have fun living in your small fantasy world though . 
  fortunately for the rest of us , communism is a thing of the past . 
  it was proven to bring disastrous results on every instance of implementing it . 
  it was a main cause of poverty and suffering of hundreds of millions of people . 
  it 's place is in the garbage bin of history together with other outdated and flawded systems like slavery , feudalism or nazism . 
  the several dozens communists left in my country are treated like dinosaurs and weirdos . 
   communism is meant to come at the end of everything communism and marxism in general are the creationism of social sciences . 
  it 's a pseudoscientifical ideology . 
  the theoritical communism is absolutely not possible as it 's completely incompatibile with human nature . 
  you would be butthurt too if 40 years of soviet occupation made your country an utter third-word level shithole . 
  even with all our massive eonomic growth in last 20 years we are way behind even greece or spain , countries ~ ~ much ~ ~ poorer than us before the ww2 . 
  ^ ( edit : fixed an inaccurate statement . ), 
  has ukraine invaded russian-owned crimea in 1996 ? 
  i do n't recall such event . 
  that 's why i said it 's not comparable . 
  i just wanted to show you that your example with crimea was absolutely not comparable to this situation . 
  also , if i understand you correctly , invading and annexing land is bad , but whatever , after a few years you should just forget it and noone should care about it anymore . 
  very few nukes . 
  as much i would wish for a different outcome , i doubt even nuking leningrqd and moscow would stop red army from taking over the rest of europe . 
  you were talking about czechoslovakia taking zaolzie in 1920 then . 
  not communism ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  oh , we are still a bit bitter about the fact that brits betrayed us in the end of the day , though they would have to go to war with ussr to help us in 1945 . 
  it would certainly be a suicide for the west . 
  so all you are saying is that if ukraine will somehow regain crimea in early 2030s , it will be completely wrong and unjustified ? 
  and it 's not even a good example because crinea actually is inhabited by russia . 
  zaolzie was majority polish when czechoslovakia invaded it . 
   if people knew jack shit about communism who would know more about communism than people who have actually experienced living in a country ( formerely - and for a good reason ) ruled by communist party ? 
  coincidentally , those are the same people who know how utter shit communism is when implemented in practice . 
  i always look at people from the western countries praising communism as ... well , maybe not mentally challenged , but at least seriously misinformed . 
  * you * do n't know jack shit about communism . 
  czechoslovakia invaded zaolzie in 1920 though . 
  the initial polish-czechoslovakian demarcation line after the wwi left zaolzie on polish side . 
   i decided to vote for his party in the upcoming elections . 
  that makes at least two of us on this subreddit . 
  of course he 's terrible , but out of all politicans we have right now he 's still the least bad . 
  yeah , from the look of commieblocks i 'd say this photo was taken no later than early 90 's . 
  well , pictures from that times with kilometres long queues , empty shop shelves and militsya beating people are posted too often . 
  it was nice to see some new pictures instead . 
  good move . 
  i wonder how many hitler statues you could find in germany after the war . 
  well , at least he got more bolsheviks killed than any other pole . 
  yeah , i did n't know about st. joseph . 
  on the other hand , the 3rd may is often mentioned as the st. mary 's day , though primary focus is on the constitution . 
  soviet union was nothing more than the russian empire with a red flag and commie ideology though . 
  lenin was russian . 
  members of nkvd were mostly russians . 
  and so were members of tsarist administration . 
  bolshevik russia is not the only russia that has harmed us . 
  no , * we * are sarmatia . 
  that would be like calling france `` brittania '' . 
  they can be scythia if they want though . 
   in iraq well , that 's the keyword here . 
  you would n't expect something like this in a european country . 
  sweden yes, 
  average salary is the salary you 'll get when you divide the sum of all salaries by number of all workers . 
  the median salary is the salary of the worker in the very middle , if you arranged all workers in one long line from the one with lowest one to the one with the highest one . 
  or at least that 's how they explained it to me years ago in the middle school . 
  and if you think about it , the median is better way of telling what the `` typical '' salary is . 
  well , what 's so surprising about it ? 
  thanks to the wonders of socialist economy 25 years ago we were basically equal in development to the third world countries . 
  now , after quarter of century of probably some of the highest economical growth in human history we have already catched up to some of the countries which had the privillege of developing normally for all of the after-war period . 
  and all that without oil . 
  if that 's not good enough , i do n't know what is . 
  we are neoliberal now ?
