  dziennik and rzeczpospolita are much better at it ( though rzeczpospolita has a right-wing bias ) , and fakt , super express and gazeta polska codziennie are tabloids so you ca n't really expect anything good from them . 
  well , it 's the best selling newspaper in poland , but i 'm yet to meet anyone who takes it seriously . 
  [ the `` ufo tricked me ! '', 
  one is my all time favourite . 
  ] ( http://img.sadistic.pl/pics/jamg7ay8.jpg ) translation : `` these numbers were given by aliens : 1 2 3 4 5 6 these were actually drawn : 7 17 19 38 43 48 '', 
  well , cutting france out of this map because `` it 's a south american country '' would be more like cutting whole turkey out of map of asia because `` it 's a european country '' . 
  and if you look closely you can also see quite clearly the pre-wwii western border of poland . 
  so is kazakhstan . 
  and france is a south american country . 
  oh , once we almost succeed . 
  we even occupied moscow and enthroned our own puppet tsar for a while : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93muscovite_war_%281605%e2%80%9318%29 it was 400 years ago though . 
  communism in china ? 
  are you from '60s ? 
  communism is an economic pesudo-theoretical joke and you can still find people here believing it could actually work . 
  oh , seems you have proven yourself wrong with your own sources . 
  while it depends on who you ask if poland , czech republic , slovakia are in central or eastern europe , there is no doubt they always end up in the same group in every single such division you have shown . 
  and i call bullshit on every definition which considers poland , czech republic and slovakia eastern european countries , and do n't classify baltic states as ones too . 
  while i do n't agree with llmcntrm either , after i read your other posts i think that if someone here should learn geography , it 's you . 
  well , not really . 
  kashubians have some different traditions and speak at home in slightly different language , but they are regular poles ( i mean they declare both polish and kashubian nationality , but usually it 's polish first and kashubian second ) . 
  and silesians ? 
  if they are ethnic minority so are masovians , or people of great and little poland . 
  the point of the police is to maintain public order and to fight crime . 
  and if you have some serious crime , fighting it without guns seems really dangerous and difficult . 
  that 's why the police should have guns ( though they should of course use them only in the last resort ) . 
  my name is just a lame polish pun . 
  why ? 
  does n't that defeat the whole point of the police ? 
  we use algirdas and vytautas in poland . 
  though we spell it olgierd and witold here . 
  in fact , title is not really misleading , it 's `` world 's first ** life-saving ** face transplant '' . 
  well , being white christian is kinda default in europe . 
  so while you could mention it , it 's not really necessary because unless otherwise stated everyone automatically assume people talked about in news are white ( though christian ? 
  i think not anymore ) . 
  yea , `` teenagers '' . 
  just like `` youths '' in france . 
  i love how poland has a bipolar disorder and consider germany both the most trustworthy and the least trustworthy . 
  and if i think about it ... it checks out . 
  nobody wants to be in eastern europe . 
  i think by now only russia , belarus , ukraine and moldova are left there . 
  he has a `` huehuehuehue br br '' flair though . 
  i do n't recall we excluded baltic states from eu . 
  also , when you treat people like shit they probably are n't going to want you to integrate with them either . 
   only 21,5 % of testing children were retarded i 'd hardly consider more than one in five as `` only '' . 
  seems that there is something i can agree with most people in europe at last . 
  and that whole `` polonia dortmund '' and lewandowski circlejerk , do n't forget about it !, 
  probably slovakia or hungary . 
  at first i also thought about lithuania , but in the last 100 years they were trying really hard to appear different from us . 
  and if i had to choose from your pre-defined list ? 
  united states , of course :p . russia for most of history was like complete opposite of poland ( though we both love vodka ) . 
  it 's okay , we do n't even consider you to be an eu candidate anyway . 
  the only actually german teritory germany lost after wwi was , surprisingly , alsace . 
  germans were minority in schleswig , greater poland , and even in `` pomeranian corridor '' . 
  wwii though , that 's totally different story . 
  complaints to stalin . 
  glad to live in a blue country . 
   how important is it that the minister was black ? 
  well , black minister is kind of unusual in europe after all . 
   the way i see it , the us is heavily seen as super racist , but to my knowledge european and especially northern european countries tend to be super racist . 
  the difference is there is less diversity so you do n't see it that often . 
  well , everyone is a bit racist . 
  that 's a human thing ( though not a good one ) . 
  us is racist , and europe is racist too , though different kind of racist , as unlike us until recently we have never had large non-white population . 
  keep in mind that in europe whites are native europeans , and from european viewpoint nearly everyone in america is an immigrant . 
  that obviously have cultural implications . 
  immigrants discriminating against other immigrants is even sillier than natives discriminating against immigrants . 
  ( sorry for bad english , i hope you wo n't misunderstand my point ), 
  same in poland . 
  both she and reagan are held in high regard and are seen as one of the greatest post-war foreign leaders ( well , we have parks and streets named after reagan , i would n't be surprised if we got also some thatcher ones ) . 
  we do n't really have any significant communities of immigrants on minorities in poland , so they are rarely mentioned in media . 
  but as for minorities , i guess germans are called `` german minority '' , and belarusians `` belarussian minority '' . 
  we have very little roma , but whenever they are mentioned in media they are called `` romowie '' ( `` romani '' ) , even though that 's something you 'd never heard from regular people , everyone calls them `` cyganie '' . 
  as for black people , they are usually called `` murzyni '' ( dunno really now to translate it , `` negroes '' , `` moors '' ? ) . 
  some people consider it a bit offensive , but for most poles it is the normal way to call any black person , either from africa , usa , or anywhere else ( and i 'd say `` czarny '' - `` black '' sounds way more offensive ) , and polish linguists rather agree with them . 
  the term `` kolorowi '' ( `` coloured '' ) is very rarely used . 
  most people living in kosovo want to be independent - `` cool , if people living there do n't want to live in serbia then they can declare independence unilaterally , no problem with that ! '', 
  most people living in rs want to be a part of serbia - `` lol , never , that 's serbian imperialism !, 
  you guys must remain in bosnia and herzegovina and should rather all work together to improve bosnia . '', 
  now imagine opposite situation ( `` you guys in kosovo should just work inside serbia and things would move in right direction '' ) . 
  and i 'm not even starting on serb communities left in kosovo . 
  silly double standards . 
  as a pole i 'm cool with it as long as we get back our lands on the east too :p . 
  yeah , and they still have n't returned that thousands of artworks they have stolen in 17th century !, 
  wow , bob dylan is still alive ? 
  til . 
   would you rather everybody was in a shithole as long as they were more equal ? 
  knowing how insanely leftist is reddit , i honestly would n't be surprised if some of our r/european friends actually thought like this . 
  after all that 's the exact definition of every communist system which ever existed , exists or will exist . 
  well , that area was almost exclusively inhabited by poles and jews back then . 
  we are still majority in some villages . 
  but at the same time , wilno was still * the * lithuanian capital , even though there were almost no lithuanians there anymore . 
  uneasy history , i agree . 
  too much unnecessary harm was done . 
  when i read about polish-lithuanian relations in interwar period i always get the impression that both poland and lithuania could not understand motives of the other side at all ( polish - wanting to rebuild commonwealth as a major european power , together with nation we considered our `` brothers '' , lithuanian - wanting to preserve their young national identity from dissolving in polish one ) . 
   austria seriously ? 
  the last time austria was a relevant country was exactly 100 years ago . 
   greece allright , if even greece might be considered a `` major '' country , then poland must be like an european superpower . 
   if a population wants to secede from a country for whatever reason , it should have the right to do so . 
  why serbian majority areas in northern kosovo do n't have the right to secede from kosovo back to serbia then ? 
  your nick always reminded me of polish word `` bezbo\u017cnik '' ( godless ) .
