  and do n't you think you are exaggerating a bit ? 
  when i meet a russian i do n't think `` putin !, 
  '' , when i meet someone from naples i do n't think `` crime ! '', 
  and when i meet an american i do n't think `` guns !, 
  that sounds like it 's your own problem . 
  maybe you should try to not be so judgemental and prejudiced ? 
  and a significant part of the world eat dogs because they just do n't care about them . 
  another significant part of the world deeply respects cows and elephants for religious reasons ... certain cultures are deeply fond of cats , others not so much . 
  different cultures , different traditions . 
  it 's not really that strange or funny . 
  are we really talking about cia ? 
  the same guys that were involved in coups , proxy wars and torture programs around the world ? 
  that is such a weak argument . 
  following your logic , if you had a headache and your old medicine was n't working anymore you might as well take some cyanide pills . 
  and electing even shittier politicians would hardly change their country for the better . 
  also the le pen family has been involved in politics since the 50s . 
  they are hardly new ... 
  there are like 20-25k jews in iran , it 's not that uncommon in muslim countries . 
  in italy there are 170.000 romani ( or at least , 170.000 people with romani origins ) , 50-60 % are italian citiziens , 30 % are romenians and the rest are from ex jugoslavia , then we should take into account the number of romani that live a decent life ( after all at least 33 % of them have a job and 50 % live in regular houses ) ... analyzing statistics about them is n't easy . 
  now the rate of convicted romenians is lower than the albanian 's one , who have even fewer romani in our country . 
  people here are now treating muslims in exactly the same way they treated romenians a few years ago . 
  before them it was the albanians , earlier the poles , and even earlier it was the southerners . 
  migrants from poorer countries naturally have a higher crime rate than natives , at least for a few years . 
  or maybe an area marked as moroccan hosts 10.000 moroccans , 8.000 poles and 7.000 germans ... which means it is mostly christian instead of muslim . 
  what you are saying makes no sense . 
  romenian citiziens . 
  most romani in italy are either italians or from ex-jugoslavia . 
  btw the amount of convicted romenians quickly decreased over time , but the first `` wave '' was very overrepresented in crime statistics . 
  your `` solution '' pretty much involves waging war on morocco and turning it into a penal colony . 
  it just is not going to happen . 
   what is your solution then ? 
  you treat them as you would treat any other criminal hotspot in the country : held the parents accountable , community services and language classes . 
  the `` tough stance '' on immigration would be nice to take , but it just is n't realistic . 
  like it was n't realistic in 90s , when italians called for deportation and closed borders against albanians , romenians and polish migrants . 
  actually , after checking some statistics , in 2006 romenians had higher rates for murders , rapes , vehicle thefts and robberies than other migrants . 
  hurray to our glorious european civilization . 
  deport in morocco criminals that never lived there ... right . 
  do you know that deportation of illegal migrants is a huge topic of discussion in italy ? 
  some north african countries wo n't even accept illegal migrants back , because they do n't care . 
  and now you want to bribe them to accept a bunch of criminals that probably have no ties to their country , no home and no job ... that is never going to happen , not even with a unified european migration policy ( and good luck convincing right wing parties to agree on something like that ) . 
  you 'd also have to make the same law for any kind of nationality , and good luck deporting criminals to brazil , the usa or china without getting laughed at . 
  so you deport in morocco people that probably never lived there . 
  and you think morocco would just let you do that ? 
  what do you do if morocco changed its nationality law in response ? 
  deport them into the ocean ? 
  because they are probably ducth citizens of moroccan origin . 
  you ca n't deport your own citizens . 
  ok , but why did you only mention china and uk ? 
  poland , belgium and surinam are much more represented on the map and they are hardly muslim countries . 
  they dress you like a pizza and then they beat you to death with giant pineapples . 
  it happens , it happens . 
  you just have to yell them hard enough or in a place where an already pissed off policeman can hear you . 
  well , the western roman empire fell more than one thousand years ago , so it would be a bit silly to be proud of our country just for that . 
  mussolini tried it , and it was a little embarassing and creepy . 
  but as another poster already said : bashing our country is one of the national sports , but only * true * italians can play it ; no johnny foreigner is allowed to say anything bad about our country and ** especially ** nothing bad about our food . 
  italians are also proud of the region or city where they were born , and like to joke/insult other regions and cities . 
  rivalries between neighboring tuscanian cities are especially infamous . 
  the refugee convention does n't work that way . 
  migrants from nigeria , afghanistan , somalia and erithrea ( for example ) could very well be legitimate asylum seekers . 
  deporting unidentified migrants is a difficult process , but it could be much easier if we had a stronger and more united eu . 
  was n't ukip against migration from eu countries too ? 
  the dislike towards eastern european migrants was one of the main talking points during the brexit campaign . 
  i 'd like to know how you would limit migration btw . 
  i can only think of few solutions : opting out of the ginevra refugee convention or working with the rest of the eu to screen and deport irregulars as soon as they are spotted . 
  i do n't think that regular migration needs to be further limited . 
  migrating to europe is already not really that easy , and crime rates for regular migrants are quite low ( at least in my country ) . 
  both eu and the us have some quite crazy politicians , but * they are not ambassadors * . 
  you also have not answered my previous question , but that 's to be expected from a troll account . 
  and why should upholding nato be an insult towards your country ? 
  most presidents liked it quite a bit . 
  the us agreed to the rules and used nato to expand their reach as a global superpower , just like they did with their military bases around europe ( again , their idea ) . 
  [ bye ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/759/561/6e9.png ), 
  i do n't think that any european ambassadors to the us compared trump to hitler . 
  things like that sometimes happen in the shadiest italian neighbrours when the police tries to arrest high members of the mafia . 
  tens or a few hundreds of people riot to scare the police and show loyalty to their boss . 
  if the swedish police is at least a bit competent , they should be already gathering proofs for a general clean up cohordinated by their special forces . 
  italy + islam = [ emirate of sicily ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emirate_of_sicily ) + art = [ islamic art in sicily ] ( https://www.google.it/search?q=sicilia+arte+islamica&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;biw=1888&amp;bih=951&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjhpaq69j7sahuc7rqkhegndkqq_auibigb ) the article you posted is very superficial btw . 
  rouhani studied in the west and certainly would n't have been offended by a statue . 
  not all the nudes in the same museum were covered , they only did that for the ones next to where rouhani was going to be photographed ( covering up all the nudes would have required quite the amount of cardboard ) . 
  everyone in the government denied being involved in the `` cover up '' and blamed the head of the ceremonial department , who is also being involved in another ( far more embarassing ) diplomatic mess with rolexes and saudis . 
  an internal investigation on the matter was started and i think she quietly resigned from her post . 
  but i thought belgium , germany , uk , france and the netherlands were shitholes full of violent muslims imposing sharia law in hundreds of neighbourhood ... canada too is pretty multicultural , is n't it ? 
  and at the same time , romania , latvia and belarus are all white majority countries yet they 're pretty down the list . 
  maybe they 're not white enough ? 
  grenades are used because they abuse a loophole in swedish law . 
  possession of explosives has lighter penalties than carrying firearms , hopefully it is going to be fixed soon . 
  except that 's not really what happened . 
  rohuani studied in the west and certainly would n't have been offended by a statue . 
  other statues in the same museum were not covered at all , they only did that for the ones next to where rohuani was going to be photographed . 
  they did n't do it to avoid offending the iranian delegation , they did it to make sure that rohuani 's rivals could n't use its italian photos against him , since he 's the only hope for a free iran . 
  carrots are mostly used in rag\u00f9 , the simple tomato sauce is usually made without them . 
  most people , like me , wo n't even add sugar unless they feel that the tomato paste they used was too sour . 
  some people use both celery and carrots , it 's a matter of personal taste . 
  i like my tomato sauce quick and simple : oil , finely cut onion and home made tomato paste . 
  you can add a bit of sugar and onions . 
  a good tomato sauce can be eaten even on its own , if it is still too sour then you are using bad tomatoes . 
  ketchup 's flavor is too strong for pasta , but then again , considering the pasta you guys eat maybe it is a good thing you ca n't feel its flavour ... 
  but why ketchup and not a simple tomato sauce ? 
  it only takes a few minutes to prepare , you can do that while cooking the pasta . 
  ketchup is just too sweet and strong and has vinegar in it ...
