  anyway you might want to try all variant recipes like pandoro al limoncello , al tiramis\u00f9 or panettone with chocolate and/or pistachio . 
  pandoro especially is awesome to eat with other sweet creams . 
   the arrested suspect in the berlin attack was previously known to police in connection with a case of sexual assault , it has emerged . 
   he was questioned by police over a sexual assault in july , germany 's dpa news agency reports . 
  an entry was made about the case in the german national police database . 
  further details have not been disclosed . 
  police previously said the arrested man was known to them in connection with non-terror-related crime , but gave no details . 
  that 's all ? 
  a man that was `` known to police in connection to a case '' means he 's guilty ? 
  at least wait until the media dig some other information on the man before grabbing your pitchfork . 
  the cia was involved in both coups , they are not * military * forces , but they sure are government forces . 
  and from the same link you sent , the cia too funded allende 's opposition ... and the main actors of the coup were chilean , but it was the us who hindered his government and who supported pino chet after the coup . 
  they 're not `` us-backed . '', 
  they are what they are , iranian and chilean . 
  99.99 % of the people involved in chile 's coup were chilean . 
  let 's take some responsibility for our body politic . 
  but they * were * backed by us money and forces . 
   chileans are still split over pinochet , with [ 55 % ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-24014501 ) having a negative opinion . 
  and only 9 % having a good opinion of him . 
  not really much of split ... 
   rehab on pedos does n't work , it has never worked , and it never ever will work . 
  source ? 
  and instead of neutering them you might as well kill them . 
   also , they 're already child rapists so i do n't think they can get anymore psychotic ... are you serious ? 
  they could just turn into violent criminals or literal psychopats . 
  you do n't need an erect dick to rape someone . 
   i 'm not suggesting torture to be clear , and certainly not murder , you can neuter a dog quite humanely , the average child molester is said to have approx 30 victims in a lifetime . 
  i see a humane surgical proceedure as a lesser evil here . 
  neutering someone can have really serious consequences on their psyche . 
  child rapists are n't the most stable people out there , and neutering them could just turn them into psychos . 
  might as well try to reabilitate them , it 's not like increasing the severity of the punishment is the best way to lower crime rates . 
  it only forces criminals to be smarter and more ruthless . 
   as far as a public register , this is one of the few areas where i would agree with the american system , given the damage these guys do to society , i think they should be tracked and registered for life . 
  and then you have people who get registered because they peed in alley while drunk . 
   ( ` politics is not a career ' just might have something to do with berlusconi ??? ), 
  politics as a career has much older roots than berlusconi in our country . 
  just think that during the 1946-80 we only had governments from a single party ...  this is populist now ??? 
  m5s makes large use of populist rhetorics , going as far as using clickbaits on its official website ( which is grillo 's btw ) and they like to appeal to the `` common man '' . 
  they even argued that being a minister is an easy job , and an honest housewife could easily be a good economy minister . 
  they did put together left and right wing populists , but even that has a cost . 
  they have a lot of ambigous positions on many things since they do n't want to anger some of their electors . 
  for example they were against the euro until june , when they switched sides . 
  then they were against it again in august , and now they do n't talk too much about it . 
  they are socially liberal but were n't in favor of same-sex adoption and did all they could to not vote with the government in favor of the same-sex marriage law . 
  i do n't think they are fascists , i think they are hypocrites . 
  all the talk about them being different than other parties and democracy then they have an even tighter hierarchical structure . 
  all the talk about digital direct democracy and their electors still can only express their opinion on very few laws , which are chosen by the party . 
  and when their electors chose something that went against grillo 's ideas he creatively interpreted the vote to suit his purpose . 
  a couple of italians already answered in this thread , this is my take on it : https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/5gi2u8/italy_pm_set_for_referendum_loss/daslutt/ i 'll admit that i 'm quite biased against them . 
  i just ca n't stand populist rethoric , conspiracy theories and their very aggressive way of speaking . 
  grillo and his party could really have made this country a better place , but instead they just hoarded votes and are now sitting in parliament refusing any compromise with the other political forces . 
  they are one of the main causes for our current political stalemate . 
  leftist voted no because they did not like the reform , fearing it would have given too much power to the government . 
  right wingers and anti establishment voted no because they wanted renzi to resign . 
  pd , the leftist party , has always been a mix of left and center left . 
  as time passed , the center left became more powerful and eventually the majority of the party . 
  the leftists started to leave , and centrist started to join . 
  hard left parties have always been fragmented messes that kept blowing up on their own , and now at least half of them are voting for m5s . 
  then in the election of 2013 the center left side of pd did a huge fuck up , the party shifted even more to the center and had to ally itself with a center right party to gain a majority in the parliament . 
  so , long story short , the hard left has already left ( eh ) the pd a few years ago . 
  the leftist side of the party is weak and without a leader . 
  it is very hard to form a 50 % + consensus when you have a 30 % party that will not ally with anyone , a couple of far right parties with 5 and 14 % and another couple of center right with 14 % and 3 % . 
  forza italia left the house in protest during the vote . 
  the reform was drafted a couple of years ago with berlusconi but then the deal did n't hold up and it was scrapped . 
   it amazes me that after he cause 20 years of economic stagnation anyone actually votes for him . 
  i actually had a discussion about that a week ago on our subreddit . 
  a very small minority still thinks he did nothing bad . 
  you have to imagine him as a more moderate , richer , smarter trump with 3 newspapers and 3 tv networks in a much smaller country ... when you think about it it 's no wonder he had such a large following . 
   berlusconi will have backed ` no ' to defend the corrupt status quo , which he always uses to his advantage . 
  berlusconi himself actually tried to make a similar reform in 2006 , to strengthen his government . 
  he is only voting no because no one cares about him anymore , if he agreed with renzi on anything his old voters would ditch him and leave him in the dust . 
  but staking his career on this reform was stupid . 
  in doing so he pretty much doomed the law and united everyone against it . 
   europeans should be more afraid of terrorism . 
  especially due to their lack of access to self defense . 
  funny how gun control does n't work when you want it to right ? 
  / paris ( not really that funny ) and yet we still are less scared of you . 
  maybe all those guns are there to compensate for something ? 
   trump is in no way perfect , but he is much better than clinton - while trump may invest in those companies , clinton is in their pockets . 
  so they both make money out of them ? 
  trump is also pretty popular with those evil globalist bankers . 
  trump may not be perfect but he 's on much more firendlier terms with those globalists than a green party candidate from austria . 
   this whole `` refugee crisis / migrant crisis '' is just the beginning , when do you think it will end ? 
  it will only end with proper leadership from european countries and when globalists are no longer in control . 
  we 'll see about it , good day to you . 
  come on , i might kinda understand your points but you ca n't say that a billionaire that invested in general electric , chevron , coca-cola , ford , conocophillips , energy transfer partners , altera , nike , google , apple inc. , philip morris , citigroup , morgan stanley , whole foods , intel and ibm is an anti globalist . 
   how self-loathey and pathetic europeans are at least we 're braver than the americans who think , while still armed to the teeth , are still so afraid of terrorism . 
  bunch of pussies those usa bois , am i right ? 
  / s do n't worry americans , i have nothing against you . 
  every country has its morons . 
   millions upon million of illegal immigrants there are n't even 2 millions of refugees in the whole europe . 
  1,3 million of people applying for asylum , not even actual refugees . 
  wait a minute , but trump loves corporations . 
  tax cuts , less regulations ... but now corporations are evil globalists ? 
  corporations should be happy that the green party won the elections ? 
  only a very minor far-right party suggested something like that . 
  most anti-europeist only proposed to leave the euro , even they would never actually think of leaving the eu . 
  leaving the eu would be a complete disaster for our country ... and anyway we ca n't even have referenda on foreign policies matters . 
  that was fake news . 
  to survive a 7th health transplant at that age he 'd need deadpool-like regeneration .
