  it shuold ahve told you that the poor do not live a better live and are in dire need of change . 
  instaed you people try to put people into simple brackets so you can exclude them as `` virgins or stupid '' . 
   that is the problem with you and democracy over all . 
  you want democracy as long as it agrees with you . 
  the second something you disprove of happens it is labeled as `` forcing '' . 
  while you are kinda right about that , i ca n't help but think that scotland and ni are being `` forced '' to leave the eu even if they voted against it . 
   this is the biggest strawman . 
  well , there would be a massive brain drain for sure , but it is kinda a moot point . 
   seven of the dead were teenagers . 
  three victims were from kosovo , three from turkey and one from greece . 
  9 dead , 7 of them were not germans . 
   he comes from a country of over 99 % muslims , hr was born in germany . 
  we do n't know if he even went to iran once . 
   and you have the confidence to say that this attack , in spite of numerous repeat similar muslim attacks all over the world because the attack is different . 
  he only had a handgun , was untrained , he shot himself instead of blowing up or being killed by the police , only shot at non germans teenagers , used the fake account of an arab girl to lure people in and most of all , he did n't say anything about religion and instead he spoke a lot about bullying . 
  we also he was bullied and that he was a breivik fan . 
  seems quite a bit of proofs to me ...  if he was not a muslim , then why was he yelling `` allahu akbar '' ? 
  he did n't shout it . 
  it was a testimony from only one witness that was quickly corrected ( like the fact that there were 3 shooters ) . 
   cultural marxists like yourself is it conspiracy time already ? 
  might as well be blaming leftist media and chemtrails . 
   fourth source test ( talk about a massive censorship list here ) : http://nypost.com/2016/07/22/deadly-shooting-reported-at-munich-shopping-center/ just take a look at the source of that news , cnn . 
  the source says that he `` wanted to kill foreigners '' `` blamed turks '' and in his talks `` did n't espouse jihadist ideology '' . 
  the allahu akbar yell was only reported by cnn but was quickly dropped . 
  as far as i know , no german sources reported it . 
  here in this last newspiece http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/23/europe/munich-shooting-what-we-know/ cnn does n't even speak of it . 
  it was probably just an unreliable witness . 
   please show me evidence that he is not a muslim , you are the one that has to show evidence of him being a muslim . 
  at the moment we have various people saying he was not religious , and his attack is vastly different from other muslim extremists attacks . 
   and explain to me how you dismiss the muslim terrorist attacks around the globe that occur virtually every other week . 
  what about the ax murderer the week before , or the muslim stabber before that , or the muslim that used a truck to run into a crowd at speed while screaming allah akbar or the muslims that blew up the airport or the muslims that went on a shooting spree in san bernardino and so on all in the name of allah ? 
  i am curious what the motivation for your denial of reality is . 
  no one has to deny anything . 
  islamic terrorism exists and is spreading fast . 
  on the other hand , there are simply no proofs on how this attack could be religiously motivated , apart from '' that guy 's father is probably a muslim '' . 
  he has an islamist background ? 
  seems like it is the opposite . 
  they may rrqurst asylum , that does n't mean it should be granted . 
  and domestic abuse may come from a parent and does n't have to be sexual . 
  persecution from the government or victims of domestic and/r sexual abue that would n't receive help from morrocco 's governmemt . 
  yeah , maybe because they had it wrong at the start ? 
  i 'm not jumping to conclusions , but you should keep those $ handy just in case . 
  here in italy we had 10 years of right wing terrorists bombing train stations ... 
  night of the long scimitars ? 
  sardinia is the wales of italy . 
  both have sheep , woods and an absurd language ( be careful : calling a sheepfucker a sardo will anger him . 
  a * lot * . ) . 
  sardinia has the coolest beaches though . 
  it says berlusconia , but i 've never heard of anyone thinking that , arcore would be berlusconia ( berlusconi has his biggest residence there , afaik ) . 
  sardinia should be renamed to `` sheepland '' , `` sheep fuckersisle '' , `` four moriland '' or something about sea and vacation . 
  as an italian quite a few places on the map are not that accurate ... ireland would be the funny green island with beer , germany the boring grey land with beer and greece our lazy and trashy neighbours . 
  my point is : those country had authoritarian regimes , and those regimes were just as ( or even more ) inefficient and corrupt than their democratic governments . 
  and italy under mussolini was corrupt and inefficient . 
  just like greece was . 
  meritocracy and fascism very rarely go hand in hand . 
   greece has . 
  italy is struggling economically and with corruption . 
  spain is in political deadlock for ... how long now ? 
  fun fact : all those countries were ruled by authoritarian regimes , and , at least for italy , that regime was far from efficient and still corrupt ( and i think the same could be said for greece and spain ) . 
  democracy has its faults , but very few authoritarian regimes improve the life of the people , and even fewer survive the death of their leader . 
  democracy is faulty , but it still is the best system we have . 
  i actually said the opposite . 
  i just said that a 5-10 years long recession would make most people pretty unhappy , and that is why a lot of brits on reddir are not happy with the brexit . 
  while not the end of the world , for many people it could be the end of their jobs . 
  people in northern ireland and gibraltar are also going to have it rougher than the others . 
  it could also mean the end of the united kingdom , which is a pretty big deal . 
  from what i saw , the crisis should last at least until 2020 . 
  and those previsions did n't take into account a new scottish referendum . 
  it 's obviously not going to become a failed state , but a nice 5-10 years economic crisis would n't make most people happy . 
  it was democratic , and so what ? 
  sure , get out of the eu , nobody is going to stop you if that 's what you want , but people have every right to think that , since this was a democratic results , the majority of the brits are acting like self centered children who deserve every outcome of their decision . 
   you 're clearly just emotional from the result , or frantically irrational , if so then , like i said , take a look at yourself . 
  if you want to punish people to exercising democracy , how long do you think it will be until you union rips itself apart ? 
  i 'm actually very rational . 
  england made a choice , good for them . 
  but why should we help them renegotiate their rade agreements ? 
  why should we help them at all ? 
  while i do n't think we should go out of our way to `` punish '' them , we absolutely do not have to go out of our way to help them . 
  if the eu manages to renegotiate the trade agreements in a way that favors the union , then they should absolutely do that and do n't care about the consequences in the uk . 
  * maybe * they should have had a plan before voting leave . 
  democracy means that you have every right to get out of the eu , not that other nations have to keep being nice to you once you do that . 
   you 're all being hostile to british people ( without even knowing how they voted ) and britain for taking a decisions based on a democratic process . 
  that 's exactly why people are hostile . 
  it was a democratic process , and england made a choice . 
  a choice that many people consider self-centered and idiotic . 
   you really think the eu is going survive very long if people want anybody who leaves to suffer and you follow up by being uncooperative ? 
  the eu bend itself backwards to accomodate the uk on many arguments . 
  now they want to to opt out on some stupid pretense ( like immigration ... when the uk has accepted those dirty slavs they hate so much in the union ) making a mess for everyone else , and they want people to accomodate that ? 
  fuck no . 
  england ( not uk ) decided to fuck over a lot of people ( even quite a bit of their own citizens ) with this vote . 
  it makes sense to pay them back . 
  i 'm sorry for everyone that voted remain , but i hope that those dirty old politicians in bruxelles will make england pay dearly for its new `` independence '' . 
  [ `` i think people in this country , '' declared vote leave 's michael gove , `` have had enough of experts . '' his fellow brexiteers were quick to back him up . 
  `` there is only one expert that matters , '' said labour mp gisela stuart , also of vote leave , `` and that 's you , the voter . '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/10/michael-goves-guide-to-britains-greatest-enemy-the-experts/ ), 
  and they likely wo n't be altered in favor of the uk . 
  a new `` real '' border between ireland and ni could be disastrous for the economy of both countries . 
  well , the vast majority of university educated people voted for remain , so that 's not really wrong . 
  i do n't know much abiut podemos , but unwilling to compromise is ine of their electoral promises . 
  they promised to never make an alliance with any political party . 
  they are so anti establishment that they will vote against anything the establishment propose .
