  people literally ca n't ask for asylum there . 
   if not lybia send them to tunisia there are a few issues with that : 1 ) they are n't passing through tunisia , so tunisia has no business with them . 
  we ca n't just send them to the nearest safe country we do n't like . 
  2 ) tunisia is a very small country and could n't possibly take on all the migrants . 
  even if we just stonewalled them the tunisian government would let migrants go and try to reach europe again , something that is probably already happening . 
  while this kind of a dick move from their part we ca n't really expect a country smaller than sicily to take in the whole refugee wave . 
  what are you saying ? 
   coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1 refugees can obviously pass through dangerous countries in order to reach a safe one . 
  libya is a country where their freedom is being threatened , they ca n't even ask for asylum since the country did n't agree to the 1951 refugee convention . 
  you could even say that libya as a country barely exists now ... 
  anyway the vast majority of people coming through libya are n't granted refugee status , but subsidiary or humanitarian protection . 
   the fact that they went there with the purpose of saving vessels should be enough to prosecute them . 
  this is idiotic , staying in a place to help people in need is a crime now ? 
  ngos were accused of helping smugglers , but they were all acquitted and are actually working together with italian authorities . 
  if it was n't for them smuggler would still send migrants into our country ( like they did for the last 5 years ) , they would just use slightly better boats that would sink near the italian coast . 
  most of the migrants going to italy are n't coming from turkey , that 's a different route . 
  in italian media they are called `` migrants '' and roughly 40 % of them are granted subsidiary or humanitarian protection that allows them to stay in the country . 
  the vast majority of them are not granted refugee status . 
  can you blame those people for not wanting to migrate in countries ruled by merciless dictatorships that sometimes are even involved in slave trading ? 
  anyway most of the countries you listed did n't even agree to the refugee rights convention . 
  then that thousand year old teaching is violated every day that two people that do n't want kids get married , but we do n't see many people protesting those kind of marriages . 
  civil marriages are not the church bussiness and they should stay out of them . 
  then do n't mind us and try to change the status quo . 
  as i 've already said :  easy for you to say when your country is not the one risking economic sanctions . 
  `` go on italy , break international law by sending both refugees and illegals back , who cares , you 're the one that is going to pay for it while we wo n't lift a single finger to help you out . '', 
  and before you said anything , no european right wing party has ever had any decent proposal about changing the refugee convention . 
  we are not gaddafi 's libya , we are n't going to violate international laws to do your dirty job . 
  easy for you to say when your country is not the one risking economic sanctions . 
  `` go on italy , break international law by sending both refugees and illegals back , who cares , you 're the one that is going to pay for it while we wo n't lift a single finger to help you out . '', 
  and before you said anything , no european right wing party has ever had any decent proposal about changing the refugee convention . 
  we are not gaddafi 's libya , we are n't going to violate international laws to do your dirty job . 
  then you change those laws , you do not break them . 
  and not a single right wing party wants or knows how to change them . 
  [ warm ligurian hospitality ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1t_eyl6jxsk ), 
   it 's foolproof , which is why politicians and ngos hate it . 
  ngos have beek asking for humanitarian corridors for half a decade now ... 
  this is idiotic , politicians would kill for an easy way out of the migration crisis which has been causing massive loss of votes for moderates all around europe . 
  the hard , ugly truth is that there is no simple solution to a mass migration . 
  tunisia is a minuscule country that would never accept to host hundreds of thousands of people - because they will keep coming , just because they might think they could succeed in reaching europe . 
  italy alone reviewed almost 100.000 asylum requests in 2016 , and 40 % of those were accepted . 
  while many of these people are economic migrants , many are not . 
  there is no amount of money that could convince tunisia to flood themselves with migrants from all over africa , we can barely convince marocco to take back its illegal migrants in the eu . 
  that would apply to most european countries . 
  freedom of speech is a human right , but like every human right it is subject to certain restrictions . 
  for example fighting words are n't protected speech , not even in the us . 
  libel , slander and pornography are also limited . 
  many eu countries have more restriction on this right than the us but this does n't mean they do n't respect human rights , especially when compared to the country that built guantanamo bay and funds the nsa . 
  pretty much the entirety of western europe colonized something . 
  it is still someone hoping for terror attacks ... not on muslims , but its political opponents . 
  and i do n't think they would feel sorry for any muslim terror victims . 
  anyway a guy a couple comments above linked a user profile of someone that complimented the attacker . 
  also the web is full of right wing personalities calling for the `` glassing '' of the middle east . 
  it 's not like you can just go and visit it , aside from st. peter . 
  getting an entry permit is n't easy , and living there is pretty much impossible for anyone that is n't working for the church . 
   i do n't defend pedophiles . 
  i do n't see the children being victims of him without any further details given . 
  apparently you do n't think that the children aged 3 and 5 years old were victims of abuse , yet you come here saying that `` we all know children abuse is wrong '' ? 
  you are an hypocritical and disgusting human being . 
  a m\u00e0mmeta is the standard reply when you do n't think you were insulted but you ca n't be completely sure . 
  it just means `` your mother '' . 
  i do n't know a single word of your god forsaken language so i 'm just going to answer you with : a m\u00e0mmeta . 
  well , of course he 's running . 
  he had almost disappeared a couple of years ago but made a slight comeback . 
  there is also decent chance that he will be involved in a government coalition in the near future . 
  i do n't wish to insult anyone , so i will only say that many italians have a pretty degrading view of eastern eu women . 
  popular opinion is that they are hot , submissive and gold diggers . 
  he 's firmly stuck at 10 % or something , though i would like to see him and trump together for a handshake and a photo shooting . 
  those guys have a lot in common . 
  just like many people from western europe were n't happy when whole neighborhoods became full of eastern european . 
  they may be europeans , but they are n't western european , it 's still a change in a country 's ethnic identity if we want to play the nationalism game . 
  i can tell you that 10 years ago in italy no one would have thought that romanians , albanians or polish were in some way close to us because they were europeans , and many people actually did n't want romania in the eu . 
  nationalists are n't gon na to like you just because you are part of a union they do n't recognize . 
  the biggest noble gasses can react under certain , usually pretty extreme , circumstances , yes . 
  the correct rule is not really `` noble gasses do n't react '' but more like `` most noble gasses are very stable and do n't usually react '' . 
  all chemistry 's rules are full of exception , and pretty much all the heavier elements behave differently from the lighter ones in the same period . 
   a person aged 18 or above may apply for french citizenship by naturalization after five years ' habitual and continuous residence in france they do not get their citizenship instantly , according to wikipedia ... 
  same for germany :  children born on or after 1 january 2000 to non-german parents acquire german citizenship at birth if at least one parent :  has a permanent residence permit and has been residing in germany for at least eight years . 
   it 's just too easy these days you litterally described the requirements for italian citizenship in your post ... and i do n't think the french ones are that different . 
  what european country is giving instant citizenship to migrants ? 
  not really , mussolini held much less power than hitler and the king could , at any time during his first years , have taken him down ... in 1922 he could have just signed the state of siege order all his fascist movement would have been trampled . 
  instead the king allowed the coup , collaborated with the regime and did n't act against its aggressions against political opponents . 
  remember that the king was still the leader of the army . 
  you fear the masses , but forget how much wars were started by kings and dictatorships , forget that monarchs are still people and that they can still be incompetent , stupid and bloody . 
  i also like my civil liberties , like freedom of association or press . 
  i ca n't really think of a single good point for which monarchy should be superior to democracy ... 
   i think a king would be better than a powerless figurehead of a president who suddenly pretends to be non-partisan as soon as he gets elected pretty much every monarch in any european country is a powerless non partisan figurehead . 
   fascism was 80 years ago . 
  mistakes were made , they paid for them `` mistakes '' . 
  allowing a fascist coup to happen is a mistake now ? 
  dragging us into ww2 is a mistake ? 
  no thanks . 
  if we need a `` powerless figurehead '' then i would like an elected president instead of a monarch . 
   fascism was not a parenthesis and it did n't come out of nowhere . 
  of course , but the coup would have never happened without the king 's help . 
  and `` most '' italians were n't really that ok with fascism . 
  they went on with their lives , sure , because that 's what people do . 
  but if they could they would n't have voted for it . 
   the recent presidential pandering to the `` veterans '' ( ! ), 
  of the rsi is the final nail on the coffin . 
  citation fucking needed .
