  in italy we have a thoery called of the `` mountain of shit '' . 
  it says that it is easier to shit than clean . 
   the holocaust is a joke , and the war was started by the uk and the jews . 
  it took me 10 seconds to type that . 
  but confuting what i said it 's going to take at least 5 minutes , which is 30x the time and effort it took me to write that . 
  i think that these rules looks a decent sets of guidelines for any decent society . 
  i ca n't think of a single case where one of those rules could cause problems to any civil guy . 
  the old lady in this post sent a letter to the president of the central council of jews in germany which said  i warn you . '' ... 
  `` if you continue as before , then a new pogrom could result , which would be horrific . '', 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_against_holocaust_denial at the germany section  whosoever , in a manner capable of disturbing the public peace : [ ... ] assaults the human dignity of others by insulting , maliciously maligning an aforementioned group , segments of the population or individuals because of their belonging to one of the aforementioned groups shall be liable to imprisonment from three months to five years . 
  you can whatever opinion you want , it 's not illegal . 
  you can not , however , disturb public peace by : incite hatred against an ethnic or religious group or call for violent measures against them ; insult the dignity of others by insulting an aforementioned group ; publicly approve , nelittle or deny criminal acts ( listed under code of international criminal law ) commited during the nazi rule ; disturb the public peace in a manner that violates the dignity of the victims by approving of , glorifying , or justifying national socialist rule of arbitrary force ; disparage the memory of a deceased person . 
  believing that the holocaust is not real is n't a crime , but publicly saying it is a crime covered by these articles . 
  so in your fantasy land of free speech it should be ok to shout '' every people of this ethnicity should gtfo of my country because if they do n't they are gon na get lynched '' ? 
  it 's not about being weak , it 's about mantaining a decent degree of civility . 
  not everywhere in syria is wasteland of terror and despair , certain zones are pretty safe apart from forced recruitment and the occasional skirmish . 
  of course most of these people may have lost their home , or may be under a rule of extremist warlords . 
  older member of the family usually remain behind to help , and the journey to europe is more dangerous to a woman . 
  there you go , he was a native swedish . 
  if you 'd just have waited a few hours instead of ranting you would have saved face and time . 
  do you really think that you could build a tent camp for 20k people wuth a decent hygenic standards ? 
  that 's cattle like treatment , they would just run away and try their luck somewhere else , like the eu . 
  and good luck mantaining order in a camp with 20k people that just want to live in a decent way . 
  while beggars ca n't be choosers , i think that refugees should at least have clean water and a real roof on their heads . 
  what you 're suggesting is a prison camp . 
  this tragedy happened 5 hours ago or something like that . 
  instead of ranting about migrants and government , wait a second too see if the aggressor was n't a native . 
  a year to build 2.000 camps for 1.000 people each ? 
  and provide order food and healthcare/hygene ? 
  good luck with that . 
  to do something like that you would have to build camp of the dimension of cities , you 'd have to mantain order in them and be sure to not let the refugees escape . 
  it would take years to build something like that , if it is even possible , and it 'd have a huge risk of becoming a bunch kowloon cities . 
  the situation in sirya is going to last years . 
  while refugees have no right to jobs , you ca n't seriously expect that any country could host 20 % of their total population of jobless refugees living in containers , you would be creating slums of city-like dimension . 
  no country would accept that kind of deal , they 'd just say `` we ca n't host anymore people . 
  good luck '' and close the borders , or , even better , just ship them to eu . 
  as i said , people are crying that a 1-2 % of refugees in eu would wreck havoc on our economy and crime rates ... 
  ca n't you keep your mouth shut for a few hours ?? 
  this tragedy happened like 2 hours ago , at least wait a day before going full tinfoil mode . 
  you look as happy as a child eating his favorite dessert , ffs . 
  they have more than 10 % of refugees in lebanon and jordan , and 5 % in turkey ... how will they find jobs ? 
  healthcare ? 
  are you going to build entirely new towns to accomodate them ? 
  or sonething 20 % of a country population is going to be jobless and homeless ? 
  for a quick comparison , note jow people in this sub are saiyng that 1-2 % migrants in the whole eu will destroy healthcare and the job market ... 
  both lebanon and jordan are hosting respectively like 1 million and 600k siryan refugees , while their population are 5and 8 millions . 
  they are pretty full . 
  in turkey there are 2 millions refugees on a population of 78 million , but it 's still way more than any eu country . 
  sending money to those countries and help them better prepare against the crisis would have helped a lot , but still ot 's not like they could take in all the refugees . 
  you do n't even know if the aggressor is a migrant or a native ... 
  however those countries are already full of refugees and their camps are underfunded . 
  and how does that contradict any of my statements about siryan refugees ... ? 
  i 'm not talking about acceptance or red carpets . 
  these are facts , nothing more , nothing less . 
  statistics are easily found online , i took mine from the unhcr . 
  where are you living ? 
  i have never seen any main stream media suggesting something like that , and i 've never seen anyone believing that most refugees are women and children . 
  where i come from litterally everyone know that most refugees are males . 
  siryans do n't walk through spain or portugal , they are on the otger side of europe . 
  they do gowever come to italy and greece , and both of these conutries already feel the burden of heavy migration ( lesbo and lampedusa are good example ) and both of these countries would like to have someone that could help them . 
  if the other eu countries helped italy and greece at the beginning of the crisis , migrants could have been evenly and easily distributed across europe . 
  btw hungary has had an absurd amount of asylum requests in the last months , so a lot of refugees are just doing what you said , find the first decent country and settle down . 
  about eastern europe , migrants do n't want to stay there because these are poorer countries and quite frankly are n't exactly welcoming them , no one wants to live where you 'd be more heavily discriminated . 
  firs of all , this has nothing to do with any `` red carpet '' argument . 
  this is an answer to the question of why so many refugees are young males , something that gets repeated no-stop on this subreddit , like if it was such a great secret . 
  for the rest of your questions : refugees do n't stop at the first safe country they find because camps are overcrowded by refugees : jordan hosts over 600k siryan refugees with an 8 million native population , lebanon hosts 1 million and they only have had 5 million people in the country pre 2015 . 
  turkey hosts 2 million refugees on a population of 78 million , but that 's still way more than what any european country is doing . 
  this means that most refugees just went to the first safe zone they could find , but they are already full . 
  what would you like to give to your family , a temporary home in an overcrowded and underfunded refugee camp with no hope of finding a job , or would you try to reach europe ? 
  please keep in mind that not all of sirya is a permanent war zone : however most sides have mandatory recruitment . 
  http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php pretty much the same statistics , it 's a pretty well known fact , i fail to see how could these be hot news . 
  males also risk being forcibly recruited to fight in local conflicts . 
  16-30 males living in relatively safe zones risk to be forcibly recruited to fight . 
  they also leave their family behind because the journey as illegal migrants is really dangerous , `` risk of getting sold to human traffickers or die by dehydration or drown '' kind of dangerous . 
  to top it off , it also costs a lot of money . 
  then your unpopular opinion is n't `` most migrants are male '' but it is `` do n't let everyone in '' . 
  even the most pro-immigration activist will admit that most migrants ( most = 70 % , not 90 ) are young males . 
  saiying that most migrants are male has the same meaning of `` most migrants are dark skinned '' or have short hair , or are muslims , or are n't vegetarians . 
  it 's not ( or at least should n't ) be connected with being pro or anti migration . 
  still , i do n't think that anyone is going to call you a racist if you say that most migrants are male aged between 16 and 30 . 
  while photos and videos on the migrant crisis are more focused on children and women , yours is not an unpopular opinion ... of course that depends on how you say it . 
  most people usually just go saiying : `` most migrants are young males ! '', 
  and the answer usually is '' ... and so what ? 
  should we let them drown ? '', 
  also , there are quite a few of children and women , it 's not like they are the 2 % . 
  no idea where you live , here in italy and on reddit everyone knows that most migrants are males 16-30 ... ofc there are children and women among the migrants , but they have never been the majority . 
  i 've never seen anyone saying that most migrants are elderly , women and children ( although that depends on your definition of children , there are a lot of minors ) . 
  i do n't understand how your second opinion is impopular . 
  everyone knows that most refugees are young males , and that 's because 1 ) the trip is difficult and dangerous , young males usually go first and try to grant their families asylum rights 2 ) while their families can be pretty safe in certain zones , males can still get forcibly recruited to fight in civil wars . 
  either he held those views and he 's now free , or he did n't and acquired them while in prison , my was point was that if he went to sirya to fund isis or get trained by them he will probably be able to shoot or aid someone shooting some americans , westerners , or west-aided traitors . 
  in any case , the illegal detention and torture did more harm than good . 
  if he went to sirya to get trained as a terrorist and infiltrate himself in some western country . 
  or maybe he 's just happy to kill every western-backed faction in sirya . 
  i was making an asumption . 
  either he did n't likei it , or he just wanted to show the prince the original palazzo , i have no idea . 
  one thing i can say that if the prince gets offended by dick marbles he would have had a cardiac arrest in palazzo vecchio . 
  that statue is an exhibit but hardly the main one . 
  the building is quite big and every room is decorated with marbles and frescoes , the koons statue is hardly the main thing in there . 
  here you can see something from the museum : https://www.google.com/culturalinstitute/collection/palazzo-vecchio-museum?projectid=art-project&amp;hl=it, 
  do i really have to say it again ?
