  but why ketchup ? 
  why not use a simple tomato sauce instead ... just why ? 
  holy shit , why would you do that to yourself ? 
  you are not visiting guatemala city dude . 
  naples to you must look like a war zone or something out of a post apocalyptic movie . 
  just check online which neighborhoods are the worst ones and avoid them . 
  do n't wander in dark alleys during the night , be wary of pickpockets and you will be fine . 
  if you want to be extra sure avoid public transport at night and take a taxi instead . 
  just like london had a serie of bombings in 2005 , yes . 
  spain was definitely important enough for the madrid terror attacks ... italy and spain just have a smaller and less radicalized muslim population , but they certainly are major eu countries , especially if you include belgium in that list . 
  anyway switzerland , greece , the netherlands and austria have similar or higher muslim population than the uk and still they never suffered from a major terror attack . 
  the uk may be an high priority target , but then you could just have written that `` despite being a very attractive target for terrorists , the uk did n't suffer a major attack in a decade , differently from france , germany and belgium '' . 
  the countries with 4th and 5th highest gdp and population in the eu are not `` major countries '' ? 
  you really are out of touch with reality . 
  i suppose that nothing outside your foggy island is of any real significance to you . 
   but it 's the uk that 's gone the longest among major european countries without a successful terrorist attack occurring , i suppose italy and spain are not major eu countries then . 
  have you actually read his post ? 
  ffs , have you read anything at all about this story ? 
  he is being `` silenced '' by the police force itself . 
  he vaguely ranted against political correctness in the institutions , then posted the crimes he investigated during the last week , etnicity and names of the people being suspected . 
  [ yesterday he even posted new statistics on the subject ] ( https://translate.google.it/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=sv&amp;u=http://www.na.se/orebro-lan/orebro/peter-springare-holl-sitt-lofte-publicerar-nya-uppgifter-pa-facebook&amp;prev=search ) and said he will update them every week . 
  so much for being silenced , right ? 
  you clearly know nothing about what happened in sweden , so i will stop arguing with you . 
  just google peter springare up , use the translator and stop spreading bullshit about hate crimes . 
  as i said , he 's not being investigated * with hate crime * . 
  he 's being investigated with violating regulations since someone reported him to the special prosecutor 's office . 
  the national police commissioner sided with him so i do n't think anything will happen . 
  the chief investigatore also backed up his opinions on swedish society and on the police force . 
  the guy being investigated did n't just post `` facts '' about the cases he investigated during the last week ( so not a real statistic , anedoctal evidence . 
  but i 'm still pretty sure that foreigners have a huge crime rate compared to native swedes ) , he ranted about on the political correcteness of the police force and on immigration . 
   if he reported 9 swede crimes and 1 migrant crime he would n't be investigated i think he would still be investigated if he did that while ranting against the police force and native swedes . 
  he was n't charged with hate crime , he 's being investigated to see whether it violated police regulations . 
  a chief investigator also backed up his opinions and was not charged with anything . 
  is hungary any different ? 
   the hungarian penal code places a number of restrictions on freedom of speech through provisions that prohibit incitement to hatred , incitement to violence , incitement against a community , and denial of crimes `` committed by national socialist or communist systems . '' defamation remains a criminal offense , and both defamation and related charges -- for example , breach of good repute and hooliganism -- are regularly brought against journalists and other writers . 
  you are the insane one if you think crime in france will even approach mexican levels . 
  murder rates in france would have to increase tenfold to even come close the mexican ones . 
  worst case ever , ghettos will become bigger and french crime rates will approach us ones in a few decades , and that 's really the worst case . 
  i suppose the dems should just be a good sport and use a different voting system in their primaries , handicapping themselves even further . 
  and i 've already showed you how obama would have won the popular vote even including michigan . 
  the only hypocrisy running rampant is yours . 
  http://www.factcheck.org/2008/06/clinton-and-the-popular-vote/  only by counting michigan , where clinton 's name was on the ballot but obama 's was not , can clinton claim to have won more votes . 
  [ ... ] and if michigan 's `` uncommited '' votes were accorded to obama , he 'd have a 61,703-vote lead ( 0.2 percent ) and i 've already said , obviously primaries have to follow the same rules of the general elections , no matter how stupid they are , or the chosen candidates would have a hard time winning them . 
  in the end the american voting system is so fucked up that when i heard about it i refused to believe it , and it hardly favours the democrats . 
  obama also won the popular vote during the primaries . 
  17,584,692 against hillary 's 17,493,836 . 
  he got 90k more votes , 48,1 against 48,0 . 
  it also kinda makes sense to use the same voting system in primaries and general election . 
  i do n't think there was a single election where the democrats lost the popular vote but won the electoral one so i 'd like to know which `` blue candidate '' was `` put in place '' by your voting system . 
  especially if that country owns nukes , has the third largest military budget and the fifth largest active military personnel in the world . 
  tornadoes and other natural events ( like heavy snow or storms ) are influenced by climate change since it is destabilizing the weather . 
  in italy especially the weather has been pretty wild during the last years . 
  we had a tornado in rome ( ! ), 
  and now some regions are experiencing the worst snowstorm of the last 20 + years . 
   i also related the story later that evening to the person i shared the room with ( an italian from near the austrian border ) and he did n't grasp why i had bothered to have the conversation about fixing the room in the first place , either . 
   based on these two `` character witnesses '' , i came to the conclusion that this was a cultural clash and while i did n't think the episode had been handled with professionalism , i did n't think it was right for me to assume people should act like finns in italy . 
  so i just went along with it . 
  and am now relating this as a insightful story about italian mentality , so there 's that . 
  italians have obviously a different mentality from northern europeans , but the hotel manager was very unprofessional and rude by any standard , italian ones included . 
  i do understand your points but unless the hostel was very cheap most people here would never stand such manners from the manager and the lack of soap is , to me , unheard of . 
  your conversation with the manager was also perfectly reasonable , he was just an asshole . 
  still , you were in venice , and i 've heard quite a bit of horror stories about prices and accomodations ... so maybe it is pretty common there ? 
  i visited years ago so i do n't know how are going at the moment . 
  hopefully you will give italy another chance . 
  i strongly suggest you to visit rome ( before we manage to destroy it ) , no matter what you think of italians , the city is just that beatiful . 
  * googles norwegian white sauce before answering * eh , fair enough . 
  i 'll send you some pasta so that you will get some that is properly cooked . 
  i 'll paste the edit :  edit : so i found your thread from 2 yars ago and is quite different from what you are saying here . 
  pretty much all users agreed that it looked like a fake racist joke and , if the story really happened , it either happened because of a misunderstanding or because the italians trolled the other tourists . 
  people were just perplexed on why the finns decided to go anyway without asking the italians why the fuck they were n't showing up . 
  the only guy that said anything about northern-southern europe was terenzio , a filofascist user that was banned ( i think ? 
  i have n't seen him in ages ) from the sub . 
  your comments were all decently upvoted and most people pretty much agreed with you . 
  congratulations , you 've met one of the ( ex ) resident assholes on our sub !, 
   also , you note that i do n't mention the hostel by name because all in all , i got what i paid for . 
  i also gave the hostel good reviews online . 
  ... they shouted at you , gave you rooms without toilet seats and soap and you gave them a good review ? 
  why would you do that ? 
  `` you got what you payed for '' did you go to a run down inn that costed 5 $ a night in a bad neighborhood ? 
  also you said that the other receptionist was nice and accomodating but your basic concept of italians is based on the other rude employee ? 
   surprisingly , people make assumptions of the whole based on the parts they 've seen . 
  so i should make assumptions about all the finnish people based on my chat with you and maybe an article on businessinsider ? 
  i 'm sorry if my tone looks rude to you , but i do n't think that judging an entire country because of a couple of users with no upvotes and a hotel manager is a good or even smart thing to do . 
  do you want some of that pasta ? 
  maybe this way you 'll manage to eat something edible this week . 
  where is the post that you linked ? 
  i 've dug through your history but i did n't find it . 
  searching for finnish and finns did n't show it . 
  i 'd be very curious to see who said that `` north italians live in northern europe '' and that `` south europeans are lazy '' , especially since a lor of users are from south or central italy ( me included ) . 
  as your hotel experience yeah dude tough luck , you found an establishment run by assholes . 
  good job , obviously our whole country is like that , all 60 millions of us . 
  next time check online reviews before booking a place in a touristic area . 
  edit : so i found your thread from 2 yars ago and is quite different from what you are saying here . 
  pretty much all users agreed that it looked like a fake racist joke and , if the story really happened , it either happened because of a misunderstanding or because the italians trolled the other tourists . 
  people were just perplexed on why the finns decided to go anyway without asking the italians why the fuck they were n't showing up . 
  the last mayor was actually found innocent of the crimes he was accused of and that forced him to resign . 
  m5s was one of the main parties that rode that shitty press train against him , it just happens that now they are on the receiving side of it . 
  and raggi did a lot of things that were hypocritical or just plain embarassing ... like ambushing people in the night near the recycling bins . 
  i 'm pretty sure that most of those defensive gun uses were done in private houses and i do n't think anyone wants to forbid people to own a firearm in their own home , as long as they keep it properly stored . 
  pandoro and panettone are actually very tasty even on their own , you just have to buy the best ones instead of those found in supermarkets at 3 $ each .
