  even if it is something they had in their own electoral program , they 'll think about it and then come up with an excuse to vote against it . 
  their tone and propaganda on social media are absolutely vicious and heavily contributed to make the political climate unbearable , changing any discussion in a `` them against us '' . 
  their claims of direct democracy are also very sketchy . 
  the leaders decide on how people are allowed to vote on their website , on what they can vote about and even on how the results should be interpreted . 
  above all , they never tried to win on a national level . 
  they are an opposition party who is always trying to propose laws that no other party will agree on , refusing any compromise . 
  on a local level , everyone knew they were going to win in rome , this is a little background on the situation in the city https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4osaex/italy_elections_rome_set_to_elect_virginia_raggi/d4feitq, 
   if those delegates govern well , then the party is doing well in that city . 
  if their delegates do badly or end up being corrupted , then the party is doing badly in that city ( since the delegates are representing their own party ) . 
  love how you ignored this part . 
  seems like pd is doing very well in all parts of italy since their delegates being corrupt or bad at governing is not their party 's fault , then ? 
  hypocrite . 
  i 'm ... speechless . 
  the party itself does n't govern cities , their delegates do . 
  if those delegates govern well , then the party is doing well in that city . 
  if their delegates do badly or end up being corrupted , then the party is doing badly in that city ( since the delegates are representing their own party ) . 
  case closed . 
  you can not not understand it . 
  ... as i already said , the only cities with more than 100k habitants where they won , parma and livorno . 
   again , not really , a party that stays true to its values gets , or at least it should , more support . 
  that does n't mean that they are n't having troubles governing those cities . 
  come on , it is n't hard . 
  they only won in two cities with more than 100k habitants . 
  the mayors of both those cities are at risk of expulsion -  * evidently * something is not going the way it should in those cities , so they are having trouble governing them . 
  i never said that . 
  i only said that a party whose only two mayors in decently sized cities are at risk of being expelled is not faring well . 
  they were only really tested in two cities ( both pretty small ) and they are having quite a bit of trouble even in those cities , you ca n't deny that . 
  a little background about the situation in rome : a couple of years ago a huge corruption scandal exploded and linked together a lot of politicians on both side of the political spectrum and the last right wing mayor , gianni alemanno , with criminal organizations and widespread corruption in the administration . 
  the mayor in charge at the moment , ignazio marino , pd ( left wing , government party ) was politically pretty incompetent and , while it seems he was actively trying to fix things , could n't handle the pressure of being attacked by pretty much any major and minor party in italy ( yes , even his own ) and was forced to resign . 
  now rome 's administration is a shitshow that is dangerously close to collapse , and no major party really made an effort to win the last election . 
  whoever wins , unless they happens to be incredibly competent , is just going to make a lot of people unhappy while trying to fix a mess of a corrupted city and will end up being another scapegoat like marino . 
  a lot of people voted for virginia raggi out of desperation , since the other candidates were either : nuts , corrupted , retarded or all of the above . 
  i do n't put a lot of trust in her , but she really was the only decent candidate . 
  they were only elected in two towns with more than 100k habitants , and both mayors are at risk of being expelled by the party . 
  i would n't say they are faring that good ... 
  http://www.pewforum.org/files/2012/07/mdii-graphics-webready-83.png 4.6 % in 2010 , projected 8.2 in 2030 . 
  source : pewresearch . 
  so i guess that the actual fascists are not the fascists of the day . 
  good to know . 
  he showed you a map with muslim demographics of 2010 , and how people in 2014 thought those demographics were accurate . 
  that is all . 
  he scraped the last bit because it is irrelevant and frankly i have no idea what `` anti leftist '' conclusion you would have come up with those data . 
  think whatever you want , but it 's not like people have to post terror statistics everytime they are discussing demographics . 
  or maybe he scraped it because it is so outdated that it does n't list the bataclan attack and is therefore completely useless for any kind of statistic . 
  http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2015/01/daily-chart-2  an ipsos-mori poll in 2014 found that on average french respondents thought 31 % of their compatriots were muslim , against an actual figure closer to 8 % . 
   eritrea one party state , freedom of press * worse * than north korea . 
  according to human rights watch , the government 's human rights record is considered among the worst in the world [ ... ] in june 2015 , a 500-page united nations human rights council report accused eritrea 's government of extrajudicial executions , torture , indefinitely prolonged national service and forced labour , and indicated that sexual harassment , rape and sexual servitude by state officials are also widespread . 
  eritrea 's national service requires lengthy , indefinite conscription periods , which some eritreans leave the country in order to avoid . 
  so economic reasons = not wanting to serve a totalitarian regime for an indefinite amount of time in a military that is employed for backbreaking work , torture and repression ? 
  just like mras whine 24/7 about the evil feminists that are oppressing them ? 
  i thought prosperity also meant higher living standard , that 's hardly true for china ... 
  i 'm sure you lived in austria for many years and know exactly what their education system is like ... get back to study kid . 
  i 'm sure even you can pass high school if you put some effort into it . 
  authoritarian systems are hardly prosper and efficient . 
  i ca n't think of a single non-democratic government in modern times that prospered beyond the death of his leader . 
  using google translate come on ... at least put some effort into it . 
  on the other hand ,  austrians with high shool diploma or tertiary education voted rather for alexander van der bellen ( 76 % ) . 
  among austrians without high school diploma on the other hand , norbert hofer received 62 % of the vote . 
  that 's not really something to be proud of ... 
  ad anyway sora lists hofer having 72 % of worker 's votes . 
   18 hundreds democrat 's conservative-progressive switch happened between 1930 and 1960 . 
  6 years means that most of the party members have stayed the same . 
  no real change can come from that . 
  democrats were conservatives 50 years ago while jean marie le pen was party leader in 2011 . 
  parties change over time , true , but it 's only been 6 years ; for comparisons it took like 30 years for democrats to switch sides . 
  she inherited his party 's leadership , i believe they have a lot in common . 
  she also borrowed money from him for her electoral campaign . 
  you ca n't stop boats without identifying their crews and veryfiying the legitimacy of their asylum claims . 
  even stopping those evil ong will only make human traffikers employ better boats to reach the coast . 
  attempts in hungary have dried up because migrants are finding other ways to reach wealthier countries . 
  but by international treaties they still have to accept all asylum seekers coming their way , screen them and then welcome those with legitimate claims . 
  still , this really is n't the point of the discussion . 
  someone asked why those evil refugees are leaving their families behind , and i 've already explained why . 
  so ... you pretty much agree with me ? 
  hungary is managing because , since they offer a very poor treatment to refugees and are a pretty poor country , refugees are more than willing to travel through them to reach germany . 
  btw fences can only be built on borders with non schengen countries , and certainly not in the sea . 
  southern and eartern eu countries would never be able to to manage the incoming flux of refugees , yet they ca n't turn them down without violating international conventions . 
  it is actually a boon for italy , greece , bulgaria and other border countries that migrants are willing to look for better places , and it is also a boon for the eu since further straining thouse countries ' economies is hardly in the its interests . 
  even getting there is not easy or cheap . 
  and sometimes getting there means you get stuck in an overcrowded camp for years before being kicked out and be able to come back to the ruins of your old home . 
  you ca n't blame people for trying to migrate to germany instead of bulgaria or turkey , if i were in their situation i would certainly do the same . 
  we should even be happy that migrants are n't stopping to southern european countries , or italy and greece would be drowning in them . 
  we also should really not depend on turkey to act as a migrant stopping wall because erdogan can not be trusted . 
  in italy there are are at least two populist parties that would want to lift the sanctions against russia . 
  our trade is not really being that affected from the sanctions though . 
  this question has been asked so many times ... young males get forcibly recruited to fight in the civil war , which means their families are not safe if they are staying there and so they have to flee . 
  since travel to europe is not cheap , women and older men stay behind protecting each other in safe-ish zones and try not to die of hunger , diseases and terror attacks . 
  this is ridiculous , killing millions of people out of repression is not a `` hard decision '' , it is madness . 
  there is no way something like that could ever be justified . 
  being the most talented if the soviet leaders is not aaying much , especially when millions of people died of hunger during his regime . 
   hang on so the 5 star movement deliberately does that ? 
  what the fuck do they represent anyway ? 
  according to them , every other party is corrupted and they are never going to ally with them . 
  they aim to reach 51 % and govern on their own . 
  it depends on the upcoming election law . 
  the actual one is utter shit and would leave the country without a government . 
  atm no coalition is going to have a majority in the parliament , and the 5 stars movement refuses to form alliances with the other parties , so ... no one has any idea on what is going to happen . 
   all member countries that fall below the threshold committed in 2014 to gradually ramp up military spending to reach the target within the next decade . 
  no one owes money to anyone . 
  nato countries have agreed to increase theor spending gradually over time , while the us decided to increase its military spending to invade countries around the world .
