  [ this is what he said this last 25th ] ( http://www.quirinale.it/elementi/continua.aspx?tipo=discorso&amp;key=627 ) :  `` la nostra [ resistenza ] \u00e8 anzitutto una rivolta morale . 
  #  deal with the fascist legacy and accept our responsibilities and that 's exactly the reason as to why i , for one , wo n't be drinking the feel-good republican kool-aid they 've been pandering to us since 1946 in order to assuage our ( their ? ), 
  very dirty consciences . 
  it seems to me that you 're an edgy kid that loves to piss on your own country . 
  i 'm far , very far from a nationalist , but really `` most italians were fine with fascism '' ? 
  blaming our president for things he did n't even say ? 
  yeah , our country did n't purge every known fascist . 
  not even germany managed that , and they were de-nazified by the allies . 
  yes , a decent part of italians were fine with fascism , mussolini did n't have a 0 % approval rating , you 're not saying anything new . 
  no one puts all the blame on the king , but he * did * allow the coup , and * most * ( this time for real ) italians did n't want the monarchy back . 
  you are missing the part where vittorio emanuele iii litterally allowed the fascist coup . 
  if it was n't for the king mussolini would have never managed his rise to power . 
  yes , luciano helped the us military contact the mafia in sicilia in exchange for a commutation of his sentence . 
  i 'm surprised this is n't very well known ... mussolini * did * fight the mafia in a way that no democratic government could : he used torture , kidnappings , hostages and sometimes the authorithies even sieged villages known to host some of the families . 
  it was a brutal campaign of repression ( and honestly , it looked less like a police operation and more like a fight between two rival gangs ) and managed to send most of the sicilian mafia into hiding . 
  this was n't really a good thing though : the mafia always had some popular support , especially in the past , and the way the fascists got rid of it did make the siciliani unhappy and kinda worried . 
  then the allies invaded sicily also thanks to the help of some mafiosi 's families that had emigrated in the us . 
  as a thanks to them and to have a better control of the island the us ' military replaced fascist public officiers with mafiosi ... the population was n't really enthusiastic about it , but at least they were n't fascists . 
  when the war was over sicily was back into the families ' hands . 
  tl ; dr : mussolini sent the mafia into hiding , but did not weaken their popular support . 
  the mafia contributed to the allied invasion of sicily and came back into power by the end of the war . 
  my country actually had more terror attacks when it was less diverse , and it 's not like france and uk never faced terror attacks in the past . 
  wait , do you think that our government is accepting all the refugee ships exclusively out of its good heart ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-refoulement  non-refoulement is a fundamental principle of international law which forbids a country receiving asylum seekers from returning them to a country in which they would be in likely danger of persecution based on `` race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion '' . 
  unlike political asylum , which applies to those who can prove a well-grounded fear of persecution based on certain category of persons , non-refoulement refers to the generic repatriation of people , including refugees into war zones and other disaster locales . 
  it is a principle of customary international law , as it applies to states that are not parties to the 1951 convention relating to the status of refugees or its 1967 protocol . 
  it is also a principle of the trucial law of nations . 
  of course not all those coming here are refugees , but they could be . 
  so we can not turn them back and we have to take them in , identify them and only then we can turn back illegal migrants . 
  sinking or turning back refugee ships is . 
  stop being obtuse . 
  people will keep tryinf to get here , it 's not like refugees know how many people are dying in the sea and the traffickers wo n't care . 
  at most they will give them better boats . 
  if you want to halt the migrant influx the only solutions are stabilizing libya or altering the geneva convention . 
  because we ca n't ? 
  at least not without violating the geneva convention . 
  the eu is not the one letting migrants into my country , if anything you should blame the geneva convention . 
  it 's not like they are turning back if they ca n't reach wealthier countries . 
  it makes sense for them to go for wealthier countries , but i do n't fault them for trying . 
  and as i said thank god for these people are n't stopping in italy , because we ca n't take in all of them . 
  it is actually a good thing that they try to reach wealthier non bordering countries . 
  and thank god they are doing that , because italy ca n't be expected to take in the whole mediterranean migration . 
  if no one tried to get out of our country things would be worse . 
  yeah , breaking news , even refugees want to live in wealthy countries , and it makes sense they 'd try to reach them . 
  i would do the same thing if i was in their situation . 
  `` military bases in libya '' ... yeah , let 's invade it again , it worked so well that last time . 
  ww1 happened because diplomacy failed . 
  italy was dragged into the war by a minority of ultra nationalists , french revanchism played a huge part in the treaty of versailles and the whole war started because of serbian nationalism . 
  in general the bitter rivalry between most european countries was born and fueled by nationalisms . 
  nationalism is the core of both fascism and nazism , and one of the main reason for the success of those two ideologies . 
  your first link talks about how he wants a secular country where everyone is free to practice their religion . 
  in the second one ( paywalled ) he says that france colonialism did some very bad things , like crimes against humanity . 
  you do n't think that it is true ? 
  read your own links before posting them . 
  13 % , 18 since they will probably ally with other far right parties . 
  we have to write a new electoral law though , so it 's hard to predict how influential they are going to be . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-elections-lepen-eu-iduskbn17s1u1?il=0 how about the fact that she 's hiding behind her immunity to avoid behind tried for misusing eu funds . 
  did n't trump too choose ex bankers to be treasury secretary and deputy treasury secretary ? 
  defamation and slander are crimes . 
  freedom of speech is not freedom from consequences . 
   models will need to provide a doctor 's certificate attesting to their overall physical health , with special regard to their body mass index ( bmi ) - a measure of weight in relation to height . 
  you all motherfuckers whining about ( the pretty much non existing ) obese models need to read the damn article . 
   by the logic above , what 's their use if not to coerce the eu to work for us financial interests above their own ? 
  projecting their force over the rest of the world , like invading iraq . 
  the us is a global superpower because it has global reach . 
   nato is collective defense . 
  if someone is n't contributing , have they not tacitly left ? 
  this thing again ? 
  the us could try to kick countries out of nato , sure . 
  but it does n't benefit them because they are what they are thanks to it . 
  one could argue that countries are contributing to it even if they are n't paying the full 2 % since they have been hosting russia 's military bases for decades , and anyway the deal is to reach 2 % in few years , not now . 
  what you do n't seem to understand is that the us benefits from nato even if some countries are n't fully paying for it . 
  the eu does n't gain much from having a little tax heaven like cyprus in its union . 
  the us is n't going out of its way to protect any country in nato atm , they do so because it profits them . 
   the usa should abandon germany and all nato countries not paying 2 % , and serve it up to putin carte blanche in exchange for putin abandoning iran and aligning against dprk . 
  losing their military bases over pretty much half the world in the deal ? 
  seems like it would be a very stupid idea . 
  and it 's not like western europe could ever get invaded by russia ... 
  the eu helps its members . 
  it should never go out of its way to hinder anyone that wants to leave , but neither it should go out of its way to help them , i do n't see how anyone could think that . 
  we use the nazi fascist term to talk about the alliance between german nazist and italian fascist , and such an alliance definitely existed . 
  example : fascists invaded ethiopia ; nazists invaded belgium , nazifascists invaded the ussr . 
  in 25th april 1945 the nazifascist ( so , both nazist and fascist ) forces in italy were defeated and our country was free from both of them . 
  liberation from nazifascism means liberation from both italian fascism and german nazism . 
  so , 25th april is the day when we celebrate getting rid of both fascism and nazism . 
  well , those people could just read the comments ? 
  it is n't a tautology : it means liberation from nazi ( germany ) and fascist ( italians ) . 
  we say fascists when talking about fascists , nazists to talk about nazists , and nazifascists when we 're talking about the combined forces of nazist germany and fascist italy . 
  it is just easier this way . 
  for example , fascists used chemical weapons in ethiopia , nazists invaded belgium and nazifascists were responsible for many mass killings against italian civlians . 
  some of these killings were done by fascists , some by nazists . 
  they were on the same side but they were different people . 
  seriously , read some of the other comments . 
  this has been repeated ad nauseam . 
  nazifascist is the short term for `` fascists and their nazi allies '' . 
  that 's what it means , it really is n't a way to deflect anything . 
   other remembrance of italy 's fascist history what does it mean ? 
  do you want photos of the memorials dedicated to the victims of fascism ? 
  i 've got one just a couple of kms away from my home . 
  they were so ecstatic that in the 1924 elections mussolini had to blatantly cheat and then murdered the opposition leader who dared to speak against him .
