  and it 's not to keep other 's borders secure , it 's to keep yours secure . 
  you want us to take the brunt of the migrant wave to keep them out of your country , but we are not your border patrol . 
  this is completely retarded . 
  the non refoulment right is part of the geneva convention . 
  we can not turn back people that ask for asylum without checking their claim . 
  everything the dreaded ngos and the italian navy are doing is perfectly legal or our government would have thrown them in the deepest pit they could find . 
  the australian policy works because they have offshore facilities they take migrants in . 
  do we have those ? 
  and they have been sanctioned multiple times anyway : [ here is the most recent one ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/14/world/australia/australia-lawsuit-refugees-detainees.html ) here is some example of sanctions moved against italy : http://www.loc.gov/law/foreign-news/article/european-court-of-human-rights-italy-sanctions-result-in-review-of-immigration-policy/  the european court of human rights ( echr ) sanctioned italy for its policy of sending to libya african migrants who have approached italy by sea . 
  the echr found the migrants to be at risk of torture and other forms of ill-treatment as a result of being turned away from italy . 
   the decision included an order that italy pay each of the applicants in the case , 13 people originally from eritrea and 11 from somalia , $ 15,000 ( about us$ 20,173 ) plus any applicable tax as non-pecuniary damages ( to be held in trust for the applicants ) and about $ 1,576 ( about us$ 2,120 ) plus any applicable tax for costs and expenses . 
  the decision is final and not subject to appeal ; these payments are to be made within three months . 
  we also obviously had to accept these people as refugees . 
  sanction us , for starters . 
  if not the eu then the un will ( the geneva convention is not an european thing ) . 
  you are asking our country to violate international laws to keep your borders secure . 
  we are not your border patrols and we are not gaddafi 's libya . 
  in italy during the years of lead it was actually the opposite . 
  far left terrorists employedassassinations and kidnappings , fascist used bombs and massacres . 
  and unless my memory is faulty , the french oas also attacked civilians . 
  it 's not like swedish no go zones are really `` no go '' ... they are just places with lots of street level crime run by foreigners . 
  rescue workers are afraid of intervening because they could get involved in a fight - not because people will assault them in the middle of the street without motive , that only happens in war zones . 
  in rome there are some bad neighborhoods ( tor bella monaca , san basilio ... ) but the closest you can find are romani camps or some places in the south , like le vele di scampia . 
  i would n't call them no go zones , but they are n't nice places and rescue workers have to be careful to not get caught in a fight . 
  organized crime in italy is still mostly run by natives , with some east europeans and romani thrown in it , while some migrants in sweden took advantage of the lack of influential rival criminal organizations in the country . 
  anyway no , i do n't think there is any place in europe that is really a `` no go zone '' like the `` you will surely get attacked if you wander there at night '' . 
  that just does n't happen , but some places can be dangerous to visit as a foreigner . 
   people of native ethnicity have trouble entering uh , around here the most dangerous urban neighborhoods are the ones were the natives live . 
  i would n't go around there too much at night alone , especially if i was a foreigner or a woman . 
  people do n't talk too much about it , they are mostly few impoverished areas that got fucked by atrocious urban planning . 
  rescue workers are usually left alone - as long as they show up after the mess happened - since organized gangs do not want to draw attention to themselves . 
  searching for your quote only showed links from breitbart , russia today and the express . 
  th source is a video in swedish , so it might be good getting it translated by someone that does n't have an obvious bias about it . 
  from what i remember these `` no go zones '' are areas with migrants that deal in street level organized crime . 
  this might be a huge news in sweden , but a lot of other countries have crime plagued areas ( with migrants or locals ) that are unsafe for rescue workers - especially since their job is helping people getting hurt and the rival gang may disagree with that . 
   what is wrong with you ? 
  firstly you attack me by saying i do n't know how law works , implying you have to take all , then you are confirm i 'm right , can you finally decide what do you want ? 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  i 've described you we have to take in migrants that have made it to our country without being first registered in other safe ones . 
  no idea what your point is , a refugee can pass through all the dangerous countries he wants . 
  we obviously send some people back , and actually only 40 % of the migrants are granted some kind of asylum . 
   also do n't talk so big , at least our bank system works , when yours can cause euro to fall. , so maybe blaming poland , get the germany and france to finally bring any sensible solution to table ? 
  your country is the one that should work together with the other ones to solve this problem , instead of closing their ears while shouting `` not my problem '' . 
  what , you think my country is accepting all these migrants while going against the law ? 
   scenario 1 : you live in a safe country , you pass through an unsafe one and ask for asylum . 
  you are taken in , your request is examined and denied . 
  you are deported to your country of origin . 
   scenario 2 : you live in an unsafe country , pass through a safe one ( tunisia ) to reach another safe country ( italy ) . 
  if the tunisian authorities catch you then you are granted asylum in tunisia . 
  if you are caught but then escape the tunisian authorithies and reach italy , then your request could be denied , since the italian authorities would probably ask the tunisian ones about you . 
  you then would be sent back to tunisia . 
  if you manage to reach italy and there is no trace of you passing through tunisia then you are accepted in italy , because you ca n't send people to the nearest safe country you do n't like . 
  seems like poles still love my country , we are still receiving 100k poles every year . 
  i still remember when people were talking shit about the eastern eu migrants , saying that we should enjoy our poor , uneducated and non integrated slavic communities , yet we somehow survived the slavic hordes . 
  hope you enjoy the incoming sanctions just like you enjoy our european contributions . 
  the italian navy ( or any navy for what it matters ) certainly ca n't patrol the whole libyan coast . 
   we are not in a must to accept migrants , but it is our duty to accept refugees , that is why the differance is important . 
  but we still have have to accept migrants requesting political asylum and evaluate that requests . 
  people that are denied any kind of protection status are then sent back . 
   libanon acepted milions of actual refugees , we as eu should help libanon , and tunisia where these migrants could be turned to , because it is better for all parties , and cheeper for the eu . 
  no one said we should not support them . 
  if anything we should have started to support them much earlier , but when ong were asking for funds for the incoming migration wave all the eu parties ignored them . 
  yes , and lebanon is certainly not faring well at the moment . 
  you ca n't blame tunisia for doing exactly the same thing you want for your country . 
  lebanon was also less populated . 
  you still ignore that this is n't how the law works . 
  do you want to change it ? 
  go on . 
  but as long as it stands your interpretation is wrong . 
  you ca n't blame people for not wanting to live their lives in incredbly overcrowded and underfunded refugee camps , and that 's without mentioning that sometimes the nearwst safe country is a very small one , like tunisia , that just could n't take in the whole incoming wave . 
  a lot of countries have already take in a lot more refugees than europe , you ca n't expect them to bankrupt themselves to stop people from reaching you . 
  we are talking about the mediterranean route here , libya in particular . 
  different route different people , different situation . 
  libya is obviously an unsafe country . 
  and anyway , while it is illegal for them to do so , i 'm glad that migrants are n't stopping at border countries because they ca n't take on their own this migration wave . 
  so if your country is a dangerous one landlocked by other dangerous countries you could n't ask for asylum anywhere ? 
  the migrants ' requests are examined by a court . 
  if they are accepted then they are not illegal and are allowed to stay in the country they reached , at least for a while . 
  if you do not like that ask your government to change the geneva refugee convention . 
   they are in international waters , we send them to the nearest safe non eu country to the spot where they are intercepted . 
  you do not send them anywhere . 
  people tat help them send them wherever they want . 
  the tunisian navy send them to tunisia , the italian navy to italy . 
   tunisia is a very small country and could n't  it would be cheeper for eu to mantain camps there than in the eu . 
  it would be nice , but you * ca n't * logistically make tunisia take on millions of people because it is a very small country . 
  call it migrant , fluffy unicorn or big migration wave , but you just ca n't expect tunisia to take in all those people . 
  i do n't understand what your point is . 
  people are allowed to pass through unsafe countries to reach a safe one . 
  why would you have to pass through sirya to gain asylum in germany ? 
  scenario 1 : you live in a safe country , you pass through an unsafe one and ask for asylum . 
  you are taken in , your request is examined and denied . 
  you are deported to your country of origin . 
  scenario 2 : you live in an unsafe country , pass through a safe one ( tunisia ) to reach another safe country ( italy ) . 
  if the tunisian authorities catch you then you are granted asylum in tunisia . 
  if you are caught but then escape the tunisian authorithies and reach italy , then your request could be denied , since the italian authorities would probably ask the tunisian ones about you . 
  you would be sent back to tunisia . 
  if you manage to reach italy and there is no trace of you passing through tunisia then you are accepted in italy . 
  libya is a country involved in a civil war between multiple sides , where have you been these past years ? 
  there is n't even a single libyan government and people coming from libya are usually given some kind of humanitarian protection . 
  and even if it were , libyan government does n't recognize the refugee convention .
