  more like an attempt to shoot some guys and nick their country that ended badly for almost everyone . 
   i 'm not quite sure this finger pointing is useful . 
  it is for showing you that conservatives heavily contributed to create the crisis in the first place , did nothing to prevent it and their attempt to fix it on european level have been amateurish at best . 
  the power vacuum created by the iraqi invasion caused the rise of islamic extremism and allowed isis to exist . 
  this is n't only about the usa , did you forget how many eu conservative leaders partecipated in both invasions ? 
  and how those leaders did nothing to prevent the migrant crisis ? 
  oh and sarkozy is a conservative , and he was the french president during the libyan war . 
  in italy no party is able to form a government by itself , so there really is no risk of an authoritarian turn of things . 
  that 's the beauty of having a bunch unstable governments that barely last 3 years . 
  if anything we are doomed to a slow agonizing descent while politicians bicker among themselves . 
  if the conservatives were `` right '' about the refugee crisis why did they invade iraq , creating the crisis and the rise of islamic extremism in the first place ? 
  first things coming to my mind : irish famine caused by the british , boer concentration camps , white terror in spain italian support to the nazis ofc , but also brutal repression in the african colonies and in occupied greece leopold ii of belgium rule over congo sure , the srebrenica genocide is impressive because it happened very quickly , we europeans are usually slower . 
  because they were outgunned , outnumbered and had no air support . 
  it would have been a massacre . 
  just check any of the other comment chains for why they did n't have support , or take a look at wikipedia . 
  that 's idiotic , you said that no european country would do it , while pretty much every eu country did , either in a world or civil war ir during the colonial era . 
  ww1 italian propaganda poster : italy herself is holding the line on the piave against the `` huns '' . 
  [ `` you shall not pass '' ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7f/su-gli-argini-del-piave.jpg ) . 
  ... you do know that the britain , ireland and iceland are not a continent of their own , right ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continent#number britain in 12.000 bc was still a peninsula of continental europe . 
  part of turkey , and its capital , is in europe . 
  case closed . 
  pretty much no one wants turkey in the eu , not anymore at least . 
  lots of countries are in europe but not in the eu , is that so hard to understand ? 
  switzerland , albania , belarus , ukraine ... and the uk is about to become too . 
  but this sub is about the * continent * , not the union . 
   this comment was removed with 140 + upvotes . 
  i wonder why : what the fuck are you saying ? 
  it 's the top comment at 140 votes right now . 
   so you accept that countries within the eu are not democratically sovereign ? 
  they are only allowed to keep the facade of sovereignty and as soon as they are elected on a mandate which opposes eu dogma then they should be ousted and/or cut off from all assistance . 
  this is n't about sovereignity , he can do what he wants with his money , but i do n't see why orban should be free to use eu funds to pay for his propaganda . 
  those money are also my money , and i do n't want to finance his campaigns . 
  oh , you 're the same guy of the other comment . 
  this one will be my last . 
   your whole post is a laundry list of piss poor excuses as to why you ca n't solve this problem . 
  creating an island is quite a challenge . 
  at the very least we could use some help . 
   do n't worry about sanctions from the eu , stare them down because you have the leverage ... what leverage ? 
  sure , we could threaten some suicidal action , but our country thrives on international relationships , fucking them all up to get nothing in exchange would be a poor move . 
  you are also conveniently forgetting that our justice system exists and is not going anywehere . 
  for the moment , we are happy to let some people slip through the borders and have them try to reach nearby countries . 
  if this keeps going we could become more creative . 
   if you lead in this the rest of europe will follow you and the world will applaud ahahaha yeah , the world will applaud us breaking international laws , sure , nice one . 
  the world is absolutely divided on this point , and we are right in the middle . 
   the pacific solution worked by the way , so it 's expensive sure but not inefficient . 
  the number of australian asylum requests are a joke compared to ours . 
  your solution is very inefficient for its cost , it would cost us tens of billions . 
   or you could wait for the eu to come up with a solution , in which case this problem will only get worse . 
  the eu getting their head of their ass is the only way we will get through this crisis without total chaos . 
  it 's not like we are risking an immediate disaster here ( our migrants per capita numbers are not really that high ) but things are starting to take a toll . 
  probably unlawful and only done to people of one nationality . 
  migrants coming here often have no documents , a single boat could hold people from 10 different regions that speak strange regional dialects , even indentifying their country is usually a challenge . 
  this does ' t make any fucking sense : asylum requests are processed in their offshore facilities , not boats , and you ca n't speed up anything by doing it in international waters : they have to contact embassies , locate translators , do some paperwork , check their identity . 
  do you have a decent source for that ? 
  i have this :  asylum seekers taken to christmas island will be sent to manus and elsewhere in papua new guinea for assessment of their refugee status . 
  why do you think they have these incredibly costly facilities ? 
  to check asylum requests , that 's why . 
   italy too had to pay a hefty sum of money , the difference is australia solved their migrant crisis while italy caved to a tiny amount of pressure from echr and their crisis is getting worse with no end in sight !, 
  if italy wants to solve this problem you 're gon na need to put on those big boy pants and stand up to the echr . 
  yeah !, 
  alienate the world !, 
  fuck international relationship , it 's not like our country depends on them and it 's not like our own courts would rip the government a new one . 
   there were no offshore facilities for australia either so australia created them . 
  i 'm starting to think italy 's leadership does n't have what it takes to solve this problem . 
   in the 2012 -- 2013 financial year the government budgeted $ 1.1 billion to cover the processing costs for 450 arrivals per month of course !, 
  give us a few billion per year and an island and we will sort things out . 
  or maybe we should create an artificial one ? 
  or maybe we could invade some greek island and use that !, 
   they dont even need to cross it !, 
  they 're being picked up a few kilometers of libya 's coast !, 
  a few years ago theu were n't . 
  do you want to stop picking them up near the coast ? 
  a few thousand deaths more and some millionaire sanctions against us and the smugglers will just give them better boats . 
   how much is the current crisis costing italy i wonder ? 
  not just in euros but in social cohesion and political chaos , it seems to be creating alot of bad blood between eu countries . . much less than the pacific solution , an incredibly inefficient approach , but still a lot : 3 billions a year . 
  it is creating bad blood because theu want us to be europe guard dog , without telling us how . 
  so either all the eu * together * creates an offshore camp to host asylum seeker ( a proper one , with no human rights abuses and not in a warzone ) or they have to give us another creative solution that does n't involve breaking international treaties . 
  asylum checks here last weeks or months , and people have to appeal the decision to a court . 
  very few people acquire the status of refugee , but many more are found deserving of humanitarian or subsidiary protection ( 40 % of the claimants ) , allowing them ti stay in the country . 
  this kind of process ca n't obviously be done on a ship . 
  violating international laws , ignoring sanctions made by international bodies ... do you think we are gaddafi 's libya or what ? 
  our country 's international relationship s are on of our major strength and we 're not gon na go rogue just to be europe 's guard dogs . 
  true , but they still had to pay an hefty sum of money . 
  anyway there are no offshore facilities in the mediterranean and crossing it is a joke compared to the ocean . 
  the australian solution ca n't be implemented here , unless some mediterranean country donated an habitable island to the cause . 
  i also forgot to mention that those australian facility cost a boatload of money . 
  so sure , if someone donated us an island and the money to run the facility we could do it . 
  in the meantime working with libyans seems like the only solution . 
  checking a claim requires translators and a lot of document checking , it takes weeks if not months . 
  i 'd like to know how you could do that on a sinking boat . 
   i do n't want italy to turn into an islamic shithole anymore than the next person and would pledge any help . 
  my country is n't going to turn in an islamic anything for the next century at least , many migrants coming here are christians . 
  we just do not have the economic stability necessaru to take on most of the incoming migrants . 
  http://www.loc.gov/law/foreign-news/article/european-court-of-human-rights-italy-sanctions-result-in-review-of-immigration-policy/  the european court of human rights ( echr ) sanctioned italy for its policy of sending to libya african migrants who have approached italy by sea . 
  the echr found the migrants to be at risk of torture and other forms of ill-treatment as a result of being turned away from italy . 
   the decision included an order that italy pay each of the applicants in the case , 13 people originally from eritrea and 11 from somalia , $ 15,000 ( about us$ 20,173 ) plus any applicable tax as non-pecuniary damages ( to be held in trust for the applicants ) and about $ 1,576 ( about us$ 2,120 ) plus any applicable tax for costs and expenses . 
  the decision is final and not subject to appeal ; these payments are to be made within three months . 
  we also obviously had to accept these people as refugees . 
   the idea of there being sanctions is ridiculous .
