( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof_by_example ) if we 're going with that , there are a lot of heterosexual people that ca n't handle having an homosexual child and would anything in their power to change their child 's sexuality . 
  big news !, 
  idiots exist . 
  i 'd be fine with negating the adoption right to any kind of idiots and fanatics , though . 
  i doubt even mao would think that letting 45 million people starve to death was a good idea that would benefit the country . 
  even so , i still do n't understand why hitler is not accounted for all the casualties in europe and ussr during wwii . 
  he did n't directly order those deaths , but neither did mao . 
  strangely enough , the mass starvation did completely destroy china economy , and anyone could tell you that letting 5 % of the nation die of starvation ( with a huge number of malnourished people ) would damage the economy and spark unrest . 
  mao was incompetent as an administrator but not that incompetent . 
  even if he thought a famine would start , i seriously doubt he knew the full extent of what was going to happen . 
  what you present as a fact is still doubted by historians . 
   some scholars believe that this shows mao 's readiness to accept mass death on an immense scale . 
  my own view is that this is an instance of mao 's use of hyperbole , another being his casual acceptance of death of half the population during a nuclear war . 
  in other contexts , mao did not in fact accept mass death . 
  zhou 's chronology shows that in october 1958 , mao expressed real concern that 40,000 people in yunnan had starved to death . 
  shortly after the march 25 meeting , he worried about 25.2 million people who were at risk of starvation . 
  but from late summer on , mao essentially forgot about this issue , until , as noted , the `` xinyang incident '' came to light in october 1960 and even if we consider mao to have willfully killed 45 million people with the great famine , i do n't understand why hitler is n't accused of willingly causing at least 27 million deaths in the ussr . 
  hitler too knew very well what he was doing when he started a world war . 
  even if mao actually wanted to starve a few millions of people , the fact he voluntarily starved 45 million of them seems quite far-fetched , since such a great number would have surely hurt the nation . 
  to be fair from 15 to 55 million people died in china due to the famine , and most of the rest died from the result of failed economical policies , it 's not like mao intentionally killed all of them . 
  going that way we could say that hitler was responsible for all the deaths in ww2 . 
   this migration event on the other hand more resembles the fall of rome or the late bronze age collapse . 
  direct quote from the guy i was answering . 
  i 'm not saying that this migration would n't have a big impact on our economy . 
  i just said that comparing this migration to the fall of rome is going full retard . 
  yes it was an immigration composed mostly of europeans , i thought that was pretty obvious . 
  however , that contrasts with the statement that historically speaking , mass migration are a forebonding civilization ending sign . 
  and the european culture did n't help much the migrants in 18-1900 . 
  they were treated like shit , marginalized and isolated . 
  another example of mass migration that did n't end a civilization :  between 1850 and 1930 , about 5 million germans migrated to the united states with a peak in the years between 1881 and 1885 , when a million germans left germany and settled mostly in the midwest . 
  between 1820 and 1930 , 3.5 million british and 4.5 million irish entered america . 
  before 1845 most irish immigrants were protestants . 
  after 1845 , irish catholics began arriving in large numbers , largely driven by the great famine . 
   after 1880 larger steam-powered oceangoing ships replaced older sailing ships , which resulted in lower fares and greater immigrant mobility . 
  meanwhile , farming improvements in southern europe and the russian empire created surplus labor . 
  young people age 15 to 30 predominated among the newcomers . 
  this wave of migration , which constituted the third episode in the history of u.s. immigration , could better be referred to as a flood of immigrants , as nearly 25 million europeans made the long trip . 
  italians , greeks , hungarians , poles , and others speaking slavic languages constituted the bulk of this migration . 
  included among them were 2.5 to 4 million jews . 
  in the 30-50s ? 
  i 'd say yes , they were and are doing pretty well . 
  the us and australia had an incredible migration flux after wwii , seems to me their civilization is still there . 
  i 'm not a climate change denier , but i do n't think that the current climate change is going to cause mass migration of millions in the coming years . 
  wars are working much faster than climate . 
  hitler did all he could , poor guy . 
  no one ever recognize his effort . 
  climate change ? 
  do you think a new ice age is coming or what ? 
  middle east migrants are n't really influenced by that ... mass migrations happened lots of times without any forebonding world ending signs . 
  just look at the us or australia . 
  if you really think that the contemporary migrations can be compared to the fall of the roman empire , then / r/badhistory is what you 're looking for . 
  pure / r/badhistory material here . 
  not even kidding , refugees are litterally worse than hitler , and i highly doubt that you have to thank the fuhrer for the wirtschaftswunder . 
  i mean , the other poster is exaggerating too , but you 're just being ridicolous . 
  you are right about the honduran , i thought they were already giving them refugee status in the us after the un asked them to do so . 
  seeems like the us is continuing its migration politic . 
  that strikes me as new . 
  the journey is obviously very hazardous , but less so since most of the afghan refugees in europe have some kind of contact here . 
  i do n't think there are many hondurans communities in the eu . 
  btw the battle of kanduz happened in october and had 850 civilian casualties . 
  so the 2015 total civil deaths in afghanistan is probably going to be higher than just double the value of the first half . 
  vendetta killings are blood feuds . 
  mafia killings are different . 
  i hope your media knows the difference , but i 'm not so sure about that . 
  honduras ' citizien are eligible for the refugee status . 
  you should also note that the data i posted were about the first half of 2015 , so they will probably be double that number . 
  on the other hand , honduras has probably less injured than afghanistan ( and sometimes injuries may be life-long impairing injuries ) . 
  no , diving across the pond is not easier than being smuggled accross borders from afghanistan . 
  i know a few afghan refugees , and they came to europe because they had family here , and were risking the forced recruitment by al-qaeda forces . 
  if you think southern italy `` vendetta '' killings ( aka mafia killings , i hope . 
  or do you really think that people kill each other every day over blood feuds , like in game of thrones ? ), 
  are comparable with [ 1600 death and and 3329 injured in just the first half of 2015 ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-afghanistan-war-iduskcn0qa0fe20150805 ) then you should travel more . 
  i 've also written evrywhere and have probably done a few syntax error . 
  such is life . 
  as i said , safeish places exist . 
  it 's not like evrywhere is conquered by isis , ffs . 
  your village gets attacked ? 
  then you flee to the first safeish area , live dirt poor while avoiding the forced recruitment by the fsa or whatever local warlord is around there , then try to buy a ticket to someplace decent , hoping it 's not a some slaver or a scammer , and then you bring your family . 
  turkey , lebanon and jordan are safe havens , but they are overcrowded , and they have already done more than their share to help the refugees . 
  sure , we could cover our ears and shout lalala when they say they ca n't accomodate all that migrants , but then they could just help them cross the borders ... like many eu states are already doing to each other . 
  oh , you 're an european poster , just noticed that . 
  whatever man , i 'm out . 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's written everywhere . 
  the journey is hard , especially for women , and not cheap . 
  men are the first one to go , try to gather some money , and then try to bring their families with them . 
  men are also in danger of being forcibly recuited to fight by various warlords . 
  it 's not like everywhere is a fallout-like wasteland : their families are usually in a safeish community , dirt poor after having abandoned their home that is now in a warzone . 
  while their families are safeish , young men might be forcibly recruited , so fleeing is their only option . 
  nyway , going by unhcr , refugees coming by mediterranean are 58 % men , 25 % childre , 17 % women . 
  nothing unexpected , really . 
  the most recent nyt articles says `` hundreds '' , which could mean anything from 200 to 900 . 
  not really a good estimate . 
  my ( very ) wild guess : 100 attacks made by 50 different groups , each one harassed two women during the night , each group consisting of 4-6 individual . 
   it probably would have been possible to have borrowed the australian model and found some african state which would have taken the refugees if we were willing to bribe them to do it . 
  italy tried doing that with gaddafi . 
  we litterally payed him to stop the migrant flux , and he employed brutal prison camps where migrants were tortured , robbed and sometimes forcibly recruited in his own army . 
  lots of people talk about sinking boats ... but that would violate the refugee 's rights convention ( no matter how much you think they are n't refugees , you ca n't just sink them all without first cheking their status ) . 
  establishing refugee camps , where people can legally requests asylum rights , on the other side of the mediterranean is a good idea but the whole eu and onu should agree and contribute to it . 
  you ca n't just dump the whole burden of the migrant crysis on two countries .
