  no guarda , sono svedese . 
  portions so big are not really commonplace . 
  you 're welcome , italians ( especially romans ) have to act as a tour organizators everytime one of their friends comes to visit their city , so we 've become kind of good at it . 
  oh , i do n't remember if it is mentioned in the faq , but do n't worry too much about street vendors , even the aggressive ones . 
  ignore them , do n't accept anything from them , especially if they swear it is for `` free '' , and just go on with your day . 
  maybe this is obvious for you , but i 've seen and read about so many tourists not knowing how to react to street vendors that it 's not even funny . 
  there were a lot of controversy in the past about that monument , to build it they destroyed some very old medieval buildings , its marble was thought to be too white and its style too mixed . 
  only in the last 20-30 years the vittoriano was critically reevaluated and elected as symbol of united italy . 
  i honestly like it . 
  you absolutely can not miss the vatican museums and the st. peter basilica , but you * have * to book in advance , even a week should do , or you will have to face hours long queue in the sun . 
  for slightly less known places you should check out the basilica of saint paul outside the walls and maybe giardino degli aranci . 
  i 'd also suggest you take a walk around the fori imperiali at night , but avoid piazza campo d\u00e8 fiori . 
  that place is full of drunk tourists in summer 's nights . 
  for other suggestions take a look at the r/italy sidebar . 
   in absolute numbers you exported more diversity https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_diaspora around 3 million people in the eu , almost half of them in italy . 
  for comparison we have around 100k migrants arrival/year , and half of them are ( or should be ) sent back . 
   by all means show us how to do it , now is your chance i do n't like the refugee quota idea , mostly because they are inefficient and because if some countries oppose them so vehemently it 's obvious that they would never help them integrate . 
  but if you do n't want those dirty migrants reaching your immaculate paradisiac country the least you could do is paying for their manteinance , evry right wingers these day is saying `` help them in their own countries '' , `` build offshore facilities '' , `` work with african countries '' but no one is willing to pay a single $ . 
  if your country does not want to host refugees then they should be the one proposing a different viable solution , and be ready to pay for it . 
  romania has been exporting its diversity among eu countries for quite a while . 
  of course they are . 
  but european countries have trouble deporting people that have been denied their asylun requests because their old countries wo n't take them back , especially morocco . 
  this dies n't happen with indonesia or papua new guinea . 
   but the flow has stopped , and we hav n't had anyone arrive in 3 years . 
  then i suppose that the 1.400 asylum seeker in detention centers arrived there ... how ? 
  even if all the illegals stopped coming to italy we would still have 40.000 asylum seekers/year coming here . 
  the australian detention centers cost 1 billion $ / year , we would be spending 30 billion $ year , assuming no illegals tried to to pass as asylum seekers and taht 's without mentioning that i have no idea where we could build those offshore facilities . 
  you are missing the part where the governments of those countries are pretty functional and are actually trying to stop illegal migrants going to australia . 
  getting deported from australia to those countries is also very easy because they are working together , achieving the same thing with morocco and tunisia would certainly reduce the number of migrants by a decent amount . 
  the countries that are sending refugees to australia are very far from their the island . 
  i 'm sure our courts will be glad to examine your proofs . 
  try sending a mail to your local italian embassy . 
  and also because australia is in the middle of a fucking ocean . 
  italy-libya is only 470 km , while the shortest path from the philippines to australia is almost 2.000 km and passes through the waters of indonesia and papua new guinea . 
  anyone that takes a look at a map should how reaching italy is much more easy than going from vietnam to australia , or even worse , sri lanka . 
  why do some people keep pointing at the australian system ? 
  have you ever read a statistic about it or take a look at a world map ? 
  1 ) migrants coming to australia are much fewer . 
  that 's because they are in the middle of a fucking ocean . 
  2 ) the pacific solution depends on offshore facilities . 
  where should italy build them ? 
  maybe we could invade malta ? 
  3 ) the pacific solution is extremely cost inefficient : quoting wikipedia `` in the 2012 -- 2013 financial year the government budgeted $ 1.1 billion to cover the processing costs for 450 arrivals per month '' italy has 100k arrival a year , so 20 times that number ... is the eu willing to give us 20 billion $ to protect its borders ? 
   the only problem is that the ngo 's occasionally try to ram them and do n't listen to their coast guard , but they 're armed , and several ngo ships are decorated with bullet holes already . 
  are you insane ? 
  are you suggesting that the libyan navy and the ngos are fighting some kind of war out there , what 's the source for that ? 
  no ngo have been interfering with the libyan navy , especially in a violent way . 
  you may agree with them or not , but what ngos are doing is legal . 
  inquiries in italy have been opened and closed , there are no proofs of any kind of collusion between ngos and traffickers . 
  that would certainly not be the case if they started to attack libyan boats ... 
  i 'm sorry , in this sub it is very hard to tell the difference ... 
   they 're also not afraid to speak the truth . 
  and sometimes they like to throw around racist and/or homophobic bullshit . 
  even westerners are not immune to japanes racism . 
   fact of the matter is if user did what he suggested the kid would in fact not be japanese , let alone asian . 
  if that kid managed to integrate himself in japanese society ( which is very hard , pretty much impossible if he does n't look asian , but that0s because they are very racist ) then i do n't see why i should n't think of him as a japanese . 
   it 's the same here , these people are not european , they are citizens , though . 
  a kid is born in italy , lives here three years , then goes to norway . 
  he spends his whole life there and ca n't speak italian , maybe he comes back once in a while to visit his relatives . 
  a boy of tunisian descent is born in italy and lives in this country for almost his entire life . 
  he speaks the language and his regional dialect , he has completed high school in italy and all his friends were born here . 
  why would the second boy be `` less '' italian than the first one ? 
  because you do n't like his parents ? 
  how many generations does that migrant family have to wait until they can call themselves italian ? 
  until their skin becomes white enough for your tastes ? 
  that 's because japanese society is very racist and hardly inclusive . 
  well , some homeless are africans and live on the street , sure . 
  they are usually illegals that we have been having trouble deporting , but i do n't think they are `` litterally occupying '' streets , no more than any other homeless in any other city ... also , why shri lankans ? 
  they are a small minority of fairly well integrated people with good employment rate . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i 've never heard of anything like that or seen any kind of african flag outside of an embassy here . 
  i know nothing about you , but if you have been living in an european country for a good part of your life , speak its language and are integrated in its culture ... then sure . 
  although we could argue that brits are not really europeans anymore ... / s, 
   africans and sri lankans are literally occupying the streets . 
  we did mess around in erithrea , somalia and libya , and eni did their part to destabilize nigeria . 
  we also partecipated in the libyan invasion . 
  if the kids lived there for all their life and spoke the language i 'd say they were culturally japanese . 
  i 'd struggle to call someone a `` true '' italian if they were born in italy but spent most of their lives in a foreign country and did n't speak our language . 
  being born in a country does not make you a `` true '' citizien . 
  living there , speaking the language and understanding the culture does . 
  i would struggle to call someone a `` true '' italian if he was born here and then left for another country , especially if he did n't speak our language . 
  on the other hand , someone that had lived here a good part of his life , knows the italian way of living , speaks the language and a bit of dialect is italian to me , no matter his skin color or his country of birth . 
  then i suppose that since romanians and albanians in italy have an higher crime rate than natives we should have just closed our borders when they were coming here . 
  and americans should have done the same with italians and irish . 
   we all know they wont return and putting a limit to the number of refugees wo n't change that , since the 're never going to get recognized as such . 
  also the continous influx of mexicans has decreased during the years , just like the mexican population in the us . 
  why did you post this rant under that user 's comment ? 
  and fuck 's sake dude , reddit is n't everything in this world . 
  your `` official request '' is cringy af and only shows how much you obsess over a stupid thing . 
  then the peaceful nazis rise to power and start purging people . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/578/682/575.jpg ), 
  it is n't something to be appreciated because it sucks . 
  but the italian constitution is detailed and airtight against authoritarian pushes . 
  our democracy survived the years of lead in the 70s , this is a joke compared to them . 
  swooping support ? 
  the fascist party barely had 19 % of the votes . 
  mussolini became prime minister only thanks to the king . 
  i do n't know what you or the other guys in this threaf have been drinking , but not a single party is going to have 50 % of the votes in italy , not in the next 10 years at least . 
  our constitution is also very detailed and hard to change ; if an authoritarian government did n't happen in the 70s it 's not going to happen now . 
   it was a mistake .
