gibraltar came to the bar with spain but she 's now under the table sucking off britain . 
  the uk is on its way to a holding cell after drinking too much , taunting germany about the wars and trying to bottle france , the latest in a long line of bar brawls between the pair . 
  just delaying the inevitable . 
  you 'd have to be an idiot to invest in becoming a taxi driver now though . 
  if taxi drivers do n't like this , they are going to hate self-driving cars . 
  i 'm from the uk , and that 's how it is here . 
  that 's why labour supporters tend to come from the poorer north/wales/scotland ( until this election ) and conservatives tend to come from the richer home counties and south east . 
  if you define right wing by nationalism then what you say makes more sense . 
  i always assumed right wingers tended to be more educated , and so have better jobs , and so have more disposable income , and so vote conservative so they have to pay less tax . 
  might be an over simplified view though . 
  we 're getting there though , in the next decade or two it 's going to become a lot more noticeable . 
  some jobs will take longer to replace than others , but the taxi drivers and office workers who will likely be the first to be displaced will have to fill in the gaps elsewhere . 
  also , within that example , there might not be robots that can do the physical patient-carer jobs yet , but there is already software being developed that can do all the paperwork and admin , removing labour from the periphery of that industry . 
  bear in mind , jobs wo n't disappear one by one , but the number of tasks each person is required to do will decrease until less and less human workers are needed . 
  arguably this process has already begun , just look at self service machines in supermarkets . 
  they do n't do every single task of an asda worker , but they cut down one of their tasks enough that asda do n't have to employ as many people . 
  a declining population is only bad in an economy based on human labour , a smaller population would actually benefit more in an automated society , which is what we are tending towards . 
  we should really insist on you calling it the imf . 
  i mean , we have to call football 's ruling body ` fifa ' even though we invented the game . 
  or ` i 'll have an irish car bomb ! ', 
  at a bar . 
  that 's a hard quote to turn into meaningful statistics . 
  i 've looked into my initial point a bit more though , and i think it was off , i was basing it off the trend of past years ' data . 
  but how much have china and india increased their per capita co2 emissions in the same period ? 
  liverpool relies on government handouts , of course they 're involved . 
  aaaannnd there 's the white guilt argument , took a couple more comments to show itself than i expected though . 
  i 'm done , you ca n't reason with anyone who spouts that bullshit . 
  good night . 
  i 'm not excusing what they did , that article is horrific and it 's disgusting that the people responsible wo n't see justice . 
  neither am i saying that colonialism was right or just . 
  i 'm just pointing out that africa was a shithole before colonisation , and in my opinion it was made into a slightly less-shitty shithole after . 
  in relation to the original point , this means that i do n't feel that we have any extra responsibility to taking these immigrants in beyond what we should do to help fellow human beings . 
  also , the difference with china , japan etc. 
  is that they are asian , and so do n't suffer the same cultural problems as africans . 
  commerce would have just led to warlords controlling resources and receiving the profits , the system would have still been based on slavery and human rights abuses , competition would be settled through force , not economics , and corruption would be present at every level . 
  africans with power have demonstrated time and time again that they are capable of committing atrocities that far outweigh any committed by the colonial powers . 
  at least the colonies were provided with the building blocks of a civilisation : hospitals , schools , courts , roads , railways , housing . 
  how many of these do you think a local warlord or a dictator would provide ? 
  i 'm not saying the colonists did ' t exploit them , but it provided them with infrastructure , education and rule of law , which they almost certainly would n't have now , and it removed tribal warfare and barbaric cultural practices to an extent . 
  it can even be argued that pulling out of their countries caused an awful lot of the problems that they face now . 
  if they had n't have been colonised they 'd be even bigger shitholes than they are now . 
  mcdonalds are on their way to automation too , ordering touch-screens could wipe out 1 in 3 jobs there . 
  this trend of job losses to automation has existed since the mid 90s with the computing revolution , but it has n't affected the overall unemployment rate so far , just massively increased the number of people in part time work . 
  when push comes to shove and the unemployment rate rises , the corporations using robots are going to have to pay more tax , probably 90 % plus , and basic services like energy , agriculture , housing , health , education , security , comms and water are going to have to be owned and ran by the state . 
  the companies will probably have to comply , as demand for their products will fall as less people are working . 
  i 'm actually pretty conservative but i ca n't see capitalism working in an economy that is n't based on human labour . 
  maybe , although i think the transition is probably going to be difficult . 
  even a conservative 25 % automation of jobs in 20 years means tens of millions extra unemployed throughout europe while the system adapts . 
  ca n't see that being too attractive to economic migrants . 
  like i say though , i 'm no expert : this is just what i think will happen based on documentaries and articles i 've viewed , and my laymans grasp of economics . 
  looking forward to seeing how it all pans out though . 
  i 'm no expert but i 've read up quite a lot about this subject . 
  i think capitalism will slowly fade away , and will be initially replaced with a combination of basic income and extremely cheap goods , as labour costs will drop . 
  it all depends on how much the rich and powerful dig their claws into the current system though . 
  in my opinion , the less people who are in our countries in the next decade or 2 , the more comfortable the transition will be . 
  i see the argument about them replacing our declining birth rates a lot , but it does n't work in a society that 's on the verge of mass automation . 
  if anything , we should be reducing our population , domestically and from migration . 
  international aid has failed here , it 's just allowed them to breed more prolifically , so now instead of 10 million people in a country needing help its 15 and it is not sustainable . 
  the only way i can see this levelling off is if someone steps in and tries to do what duxal said , which will be expensive and very difficult to do , maybe impossible , or the population will hit a critical point where it ca n't be sustained by its resources and there will be a humanitarian disaster . 
  should probably edit the first part of that sentence . 
  think he 's referring to us . 
  austria ? ... well , g ` day , mate !, 
  let 's put another shrimp on the barbie !, 
  it 's not a coin toss though . 
  i grew up pretty comfortably because i had hard working parents , as did they . 
  further back my ancestors defended this country , took part in civil wars and revolutions , bled to make sure their kids and grandkids have a secure country to grow up in . 
  i 'm all for helping out those less fortunate than myself , but perhaps they should try to fix the problems in their country for their future generations instead of jumping ship and becoming problems for other people . 
  it means as much as your opinion that nobody holds anything to america in terms of music . 
  how many of them are releasing decent music nowadays ? 
  american music has been going downhill for years . 
  kesha , meghan trainor , lil wayne , nicki minaj ? 
  you can keep your shitty music . 
  i think that one of our problems is that people generally do n't cycle here enough , i know people who get in their cars to go to the shop half a km away . 
  that 's just the guardian for you , massaging the stats to make brits feel guilty . 
  i know , when i went it pretty much just seemed to be business types there . 
  nice enough place but there was n't really all that much to do or see . 
  kids are what your 40s are for . 
  we 'll send english girls over to the continent to teach your girls how to be proper slags . 
  it 's not like people in the developed world are already running out of basic resources like water . 
  the robots , if everything goes to plan . 
  i 'm hoping you mean a shop made out of lego ... 
  his policies aside , i wish we had strong , fearless politicians like putin in the uk , not etonian drips like cameron . 
  do 18-28 year olds get to vote on this law ? 
  18 year olds in this country are idiots , i 'd raise the age to 21 . 
  beautiful , it has bought a tear to my eye !, 
  needs more union jacks . 
  downside : seeing thatcher naked, 
  then there 's boris , how many french girls has he pounded in his time ? 
  yup , they should have the right to be as miserable as the rest of us . 
  makes more sense if they did n't earn it on merit . 
  the city center is slowly getting better , the surrounding areas where most people live are shit holes though . 
  liverpool , it was voted the capital of culture a few years back despite having none past the beatles . 
  kozel dark , wish it was easy to find in england . 
  calm down b * witched !, 
  i 'd rather have this than the fucking beatles, 
  automation will begin to take it 's first big scalps , probably starting with the automobile industries . 
  car manufacturers that do n't adapt to the self-driving model will start to struggle , taxi drivers and long hall truckers will be obsolete , car ownership will go down as people use an automated uber-like service . 
  then skynet becomes self-aware . 
  even that one day a week is 50/50 , depending on if your team wins . 
  and if you 're not too hungover from friday night .
