  some would back us up ( us , poland maybe canada ) others would say that the romanian army has no business in another non-member country . 
  i 've already wrote too much , you can read more about this scenario here : http://euromaidanpress.com/2015/04/16/why-romania-will-fight-russia/ ( it 's biased but it 's a point of view ) tl : dr - russian leaders are smart , do n't underestimate them . 
  they will never face a stronger opponent head on . 
  divide and conquer . 
  i 'm sorry but the best pilots in europe are the romanian ones . 
  they say that all the time !, 
  well it 's not always up to reddit users to choose their countries next generation fighter . 
  i for one , also wanted the gripen but then the army and the government went for the portuguese f-16 's . 
  bike infrastructure in denmark and the netherlands ( but most eu countries have better cycling infrastructure than romania ) . 
  we drive and download fast !, 
  well sure . 
  there 's the museums if you like them but of all them the most interesting and valuable is the village museum and the romanian peasant museum . 
  ( google images from these museums and see if you find them interesting ) . 
  also you can take a walk in the city center from unirii square to universitate square then to romana square and then to victoriei square ( you can stop when you like ) and get a feel of the city center . 
  we also have a city tour bus http://bucharestcitytour.ratb.ro/ but it was closed during the winter and i 'm not sure they resumed the tours . 
  you can also try these ones : http://www.guided-bucharest.com/ as for fun there are a lot of places . 
  depends on taste and budget . 
  there 's the classical go to place , the old city center where you can find tons of pubs and clubs and there also other locations . 
  nice restaurants are ` carul cu bere ' and i 've heard that also ` biutiful ' is nice but have n't been there . 
  drop a question in our subreddit / r/romania and you 'll receive more advice . 
  bucharest is just the capital , not much of a tourist attraction ( in my opinion as a bucharest resident ) . 
  in the picture you can see the contrast between old eclectic/neoclassic buildings ( lower and left part of the picture ) and the communist style apartment flats in the background ( middle/upper part of the picture and right ) . 
  military drills are a classical russian military maneuver ( switching swiftly from drills to an actual attack ) - not that nato would n't do that just that russia is better known for its maskirovka tactics . 
  also drills are a very good pr opportunity , all the local televisions cover the might of the russian army and how they will destroy nato in seconds ... so yeah , population please just be hungry some more . 
  as percent of the gdp russia spends a huge amount around 4 % ( maybe higher ) on the military , the us ca n't convince nato member countries to go even to 2 % . 
  to be honest i do n't know where russia is going with this military madness ... in the long run they 'll lose more ground economically and socially , i hope i 'm wrong , as a ~ ~ romanian ~ ~ citizen of this planet i do n't want to a have a russia in crisis . 
  france - driving on the highway is quite expensive ( coming from germany where it 's free ) ; on the paris subway people push you around if you move too slow ; germany - how nice drivers are on the highway - no flashes , when they see you coming from a ramp they move to the other lane to make room for you , etc. 
  really good prices in the supermarkets , i could actually make a living there with my romanian salary ; sweden - huge forests ; everybody talks english ; everybody was really nice ( opening conversations in the train , asking if you need help when they see you are reading a map ) ; so so extremely quiet ; hungary - budapest is quite a very beautiful city and the people are nice and welcoming ; the food was very good ( best i 've ever eaten and not just one place ) and i would get really fat if i would live there . 
  not sure if obsolete is the correct word , more like `` their future is uncertain '', 
   it 's the first time i heard of 16 mil . 
  same here but i thought i 'd use data from the internet, 
  here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanians, 
  romania 16,792,868 ( 2011 census - data might not be reliable ) 19,503,260 ( as of 2015 ) bucharest population : metro area 2,272,163 ( 2011 census ) ( +400,000 in ilfov - the area around bucharest ) italy 1,131,839 spain 721,445 so 4,525,447 it 's not half of 16,792,868 but this was in 2011 and it 's only the official data , there are a lot of people that are not registered . 
  ( data from wikipedia and the 2015 data from some romanian news sites ), 
  pastel ... now i need to eat something sweet . . 
  yeah but as years go by you 're left with less and less trading partners . 
  it 's not so terrible to have friends you know ... 
   its just not worth it i 'm not sure if that 's very relevant for the turks . 
  they always do crazy things when they 're angry ( just mention something about the armenian genocide or even worse . . say something bad about atat\u00fcrk - really do n't even think about doing that ) . 
  also turkey is very serious about the military and the public image of their military . 
  the stupid thing is that we have two temperamental leaders that are also very powerful . 
  also they are two leaders that rely very much on the public image . . so . . now putin has to do something to revenge ( otherwise his image of strong leader will be affected ) ... and then erdogan will have to do something in revenge ( for the same reason ) ... this ca n't lead to anything good . 
   is harmless i think it 's not . 
  it compromises defense credibility and they gain very valuable information ( radar placement , interceptor planes response times , etc ) besides the fact that it 's very bully like . 
  pushing someone ( more than once ) knowing that they wo n't reply just because they fear escalation . 
  and after they threatened you to stop it in order to avoid serious consequences ... you push them again . 
  i agree with you that they should try to resolve politically but i think they already did as this is not the first time it happens . 
  the thing with russia is that they have really devious ways of operating . 
  they are sending military with no badges in a foreign territory and denying that they 're russian ( remember the little green men ) . 
  they are financing political parties in other countries in order to gain influence . 
  edit : [ article from october ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/06/nato-chief-jens-stoltenberg-russia-turkish-airspace-violations-syria ), 
   in this case still their airspace . 
  tell the cop you were speeding only 10 seconds , see if it works . 
   no harm has come from it yeah , if you consider no harm in russia 's actions of repeating the same procedure over and over . 
  the harm is that they 're playing a bluff game and it did not work with turkey . 
  i 'm very sorry for tragic death of the pilot and the marine ( as they were just soldiers doing their job ) but i think it 's stupid to play around with the military response of a country ( especially turkey which is very serious about its defense and military ) . 
  what can you do when someone provokes you over and over again ? 
  you tell them to stop , you shoot down one of their drones and they still do it . 
  internet says otherwise , it seems that syrians also use the su-24 . 
  everybody in romania says the same thing when they arrive in bucharest . 
  it 's good , it will just fuel his hubris . 
  great advertising !, 
  thank you guys !, 
  is that a thing in russia ? 
  because it 's a thing in romania also . 
  not sure if that 's the case . 
  they thought that sanctioning germany after wwi would work ... it did n't . 
  russia must be a functioning economy in order for its citizens to be happy ( edit . 
  - not happy ... at least not very angry or hungry ) . 
  unhappy citizens will start blaming `` the west '' for their problems . 
  spending less than 2 % means that the rest of the money will go into society , culture and economy . 
  but hey , it seems we have to keep up with the joneses . 
  it was 70-80 sek for a beer ( i exaggerated with insane a bit ) . 
  i 'm used to bucharest prices of 20 - 30 sek for a beer . 
  i imagined that it 's more expensive due to systembolaget and also due to stockholm being a bit more expensive than other capitals . 
  i personally thing it 's a good idea to have alcohol more expensive ... still had a good time with 2 beers , 
  insane beer prices but a very cool place, 
  ponto final , almada ( lisbon area ) ? 
  yeah , he says it in a funny way . 
  do n't worry , i have n't heard anybody complaining about dutch beer , 
  eh , i know it 's a joke . 
  here in bucharest grolsch is very popular and i also drink it sometimes ( we have lots of mega image stores and they always keep grolsch in the fridge - they 're part of delhaize ), 
  i 'm following a dutch world of tanks streamer , he sometimes says that the dutch beer is not the best , the dutch people just get rich selling it and then , they themselves drink the good stuff from belgium . 
  ( https://www.twitch.tv/circon ), 
  that 's a very extravagant way of shooting down drones . 
  but hey , if it gets the job done . 
  wonder what would happen if the dutch had the agricultural and tourist potential of romania . 
  actually , since the eu happened for us , a lot of dutch people bought land here in romania and started some agriculture business . 
  also tourism stuff - a friend of mine happened to find a camping in romania that was owned by a dutch guy and most of his quests were from germany/denmark/netherlands . 
  . . and i guess he 'll want to have it later rather than sooner . 
  yeah maybe never ... but really though . 
  at this moment i 'm not even sure if this is true or not . 
  so many news blended with fake news . 
  are there no-go zones in sweden ? 
  i 'll tell you what we have in bucharest . 
  we have so called no-go zones . 
  if you 're a swedish tourist in bucharest i 'll advise you not to go to certain areas of the city as they are pretty poor and you 'll stand out as a tourist . 
  i really avoid going there myself , the good part is that the normal citizen does n't have any reason to go there . 
  i would n't say it 's 100 % dangerous , more like 10 % dangerous - enough for me to avoid that zone . 
  example : https://www.google.ro/maps/@44.4035568,26.0659133,3a,75y,257.4h,98.16t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1spwfw_v3pax-aemgwg5kysw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en,
