welcome to our world !, 
  since i was a student i dreamed about this kind of system . 
  buses and trams with gps emitters and a phone application to visualize the data . 
  seems that the first steps are already taken . 
  told a lot of people about this . 
  visited amsterdam twice . 
  the second time i stayed for a week and got to visit more than the red light central district . 
  i was really impressed on how nice the city is . 
  lots of cool parks and museums , strolling around the canals , lots of nice shops and homes . 
  but it 's the same with bucharest with the old city center i guess . 
  have one week during which your only source of news will be russia today and you 'll see . 
  [ just like in north korea ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m690nr8b8y1qz97cwo1_500.jpg ), 
  in bucharest the average salary it 's around 750 usd in hand ( as far as i know ) . 
  might be more . 
  that 's what they told you in daily mail ? 
  phew , so relaxed that romania is not on the list !, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymeasj18hcu if you have 40 minutes you can watch this, 
  stockholm - visited it during august and it was stunning . 
  long days , beautiful people , beautiful buildings , great museums , roller coaster park , picnic on the skeppsholmen island overseeing the old city ... . 
  you just have to be financially prepared before visiting . 
  i really want to visit portugal now !, 
  just need to get my portuguese a bit better . 
  yes it is . 
  the complex i mean . 
  see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protochronism '' the ideas have been explained as part of an inferiority complex present in romanian nationalism , one which also manifested itself in works not connected with protochronism , mainly as a rejection of the ideas that romanian territories only served as a colony of rome , voided of initiative , and subject to an influx of latins which would have completely wiped out a dacian presence '', 
  if you go to the country side you can have internet connection provided through the mobile network . 
  it 's not even that expensive but the speed it 's just about right to watch youtube videos ( not torrent downloads ) . 
  for the subscription that i have on my mobile phone , i pay 110 ron ( 25 eur ) / month and in this i have included the normal phone plan ( minutes , sms messages bla bla bla ) and 3 gb of internet traffic . 
  the catch is that this 3 gb of traffic is shared between the phone and a memory stick that you can bring with yourself wherever you have gsm coverage . 
  after the 3 gb are up your speed will be limited and you 'll be only able to do browsing . 
  also the national phone network is also a isp and if you have a phone line you can get a internet subscription also but i 'm not sure if the coverage is 100 % . 
  french - it sounds very melodic i guess, 
  i would add vladimir vysotsky to what the others mentioned . 
  you should be thankful that we do n't export our taxi drivers , the truckers are really nice guys compared to them . 
  but really , it 's half their fault and half your police/local authority 's fault . 
  if they will receive fines they will stop doing it , they 're not total idiots , just scumbags . 
  check out a romanian photographer that documents the country side . 
  his name is sorin onisor ( site and facebook page can be found by googling his name ), 
  well we have some very interesting things . 
  i would go with the general things like the [ danube delta ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danube_delta ) , the carphatian mountains ( i 'm not very knowledgeable on the specific places but there are several reservations like the old growth forest in the retezat national park and lots of resorts ) , the fortified churches in transylvania , the churches in moldavia [ more details in this page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_world_heritage_sites_in_romania ) . 
  i 'm sure there are also lots of other thins i forgot to mention , have n't traveled so much . 
  maybe others can help . 
  [ edit : also this wiki page about tourism in romania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_romania ) edit2 - there is also bucharest ( the capital ) if you are looking for parties , cheap drinks and things like that, 
  depends on what you like to do and i 'm not from bra\u0219ov . 
  [ pele\u0219 castle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pele%c8%99_castle ) i think it 's great . 
  also in sinaia ( the town close to the castle ) you can take the cable car to the mountain top and enjoy the view . 
  close to bra\u0219ov there is also the [ bran castle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bran_castle ) . 
  anyway , there are lots of things to do around , an adventure park , a bear sanctuary , the t\u00e2mpa mountain ( also accessible via cable car ) and maybe [ sighi\u0219oara ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sighi%c8%99oara ) - about 110 km from bra\u0219ov . 
  edit . 
  and of course the city by itself , really looks more european than most romanian cities ( than you saxons ! ), 
  well it 's a wonderful city , i bet you 'll like it . 
  actually we have lots of wonderful places but they 're not well promoted or the infrastructure to reach them is really bad ( or both ) . 
  romania , stronk economy !, 
  neah , kidding , just poor tourism . 
  thank you germany for being a role model in romania ( and my personal favorite ) . 
  here , putting the word german before something gives it value ( german quality , german car , german shop , german president ... ) . 
  also the saxons built great things in the transylvania region ( sighi\u0219oara !, 
  ) , too bad they left . 
  also i like all of your car brands . 
  thank you russian for all the great art , for the great history and for the your brilliant engineers . 
  also for making us determined to become better . 
  thank you ukraine for being determined to go the european way , i hope we 'll be a good and supportive neighbor . 
  thank you uk for being such a great culture and such a pragmatic country . 
  there are way to many things to list here that i love about the uk . 
  ( sorry for the troublesome people that leave from romania but we also send a lot of good ones ) . 
  thank you france for the your refined culture , wines and fine dining . 
  also thank you for bringing dacia back from the dead and also other big investments in romania ( michelin , orange , societe generale , danone etc ) . 
  also please do n't sell mistral ships to russia . 
  thank you netherlands for the extremely nice people , always trying to help out and high spirited . 
  also amsterdam is a really nice city even without the red light district . 
  thank you sweden for the great endless forest , superb for biking and also the long summer nights . 
  also thank you because everybody speaks english . 
  also stockholm is the most beautiful city i visited so far ( in august though ) . 
  thank you denmark for copenhagen . 
  what a great , modern city . 
  bikes , beautiful people , technology , epic pastry . 
  also i like the laid back feeling in christiania , fun times tivoli and very interesting ny carlsberg glyptotek . 
  thank you bulgaria for being much more nicer that i though . 
  thank you hungary for beautiful budapest and for the very nice ( feeling envious ) highways . 
  also the food is glorious . 
  thank you austria for the money invested in romania and for the beautiful skiing resorts . 
  thank you poland for being a economic role model for us and for the serious and hard working people i had the pleasure to meet when i visited warsaw on a business trip . 
  thank you italy for magnificent venice and my childhood watching italia uno , rai and canale 5 . 
  also you have great food ( not only the over hyped pizza/pasta ) . 
  thank you czech republic for skoda , our extremely reliable tatra trams and the great time i had in prague . 
  ( until i visited stockholm i though prague was the most beautiful city i 've ever visited - sorry but they have grona lund and vassa ) thank you moldova for deciding that europe is the future for you . 
  ( have many others but already long text - spain , ireland , belarus , greece , turkey , serbia , malta ), 
  thank you for the f-16 's !, 
  yeah , i know that the greek military is regarded as an important subject , very important compared to other ( richer ) countries . 
  as far as i know the military is a very serious subject in greece ( more than the economy ? ) . 
  of course a lot of people do n't know that , most people think that if the economy is bad =  all is bad . 
  it wo n't be a classical war . 
  russians leaders are very good at deception and maneuvering ( maskirovka ) . 
  what i think it will happen is that they will try to create a situation where the 5th article will be in a gray area , thus causing dissent among nato allies . 
  due to me being from romania i can think of a possible scenario ( actually i 've read about it , link below ) . 
  moldova is a country that is not in nato or in the eu and is a former soviet socialist republic . 
  it has a 11 % russian minority and 65 % moldovan . 
  the same thing that happened ( is happening ) in the east of ukraine happened in the east of moldova in the 90 's , they have a breakaway region supported directly by russia . 
  ( search for the history of transnistria ) . 
  the scenario is that if something happened in moldova ( like in the east of ukraine ) the romanian army might want to intervene ( due to the fact that most of us romanians think of the moldovan people as our people - same language , history , culture ) and here the conflict between the nato countries would arise .
