  well , like i said , communist schools met all your criteria but made people clung to whatever cultural diversity they could to secretly stand out in the bland , imposed , uniformity . 
  as religion became more frowned upon , people felt more attracted by it . 
  similar to prohibition , i guess . 
  but maybe you are right , and stricter rules in schools and universities will help people shed fundamentalism . 
  i did n't say it was a religious state , it might have been kashmir for example . 
  also , if christmas is a cultural event , without the actual religious aspects , why ca n't ramadan be ? 
  yes , we were talking about how fasting muslims are disadvantaged in the exams , but having a test on christmas day might have the same effect for christians . 
  the way i see it , you see people who cling to different customs as trying to impose them upon the majority , which may not be the case for everyone . 
  besides , a system that actually tries to accommodate to multiple cultures has a better chance to create cohesion , as opposed to banning anything religious , which leads to segregation . 
  suppose a muslim school somewhere in the world , that has a somewhat larger christian minority , decides to give its pupils a couple of days off on christmas , but they have to reschedule the lost hours at later dates . 
  do you find that oppressive towards the muslim majority or a thoughtful gesture for the christians ? 
  and giving everyone holidays on christmas or easter because of a religious majority is n't ? 
  and how big of a majority must it be ? 
  if more than half the country is n't observing any holidays at one point , should they be just given up ? 
  showing a little leniency when it comes to minor things ca n't be that harmful . 
  i find it better than the dangerous zero-tolerance policies that started in the us schools . 
  you say that religion has no place in a public institution , i say what 's wrong with a christmas tree or even a nativity scene ( which some pc nut-jobs will surely find oppressive ) ? 
  communist countries tried forcing atheism upon people and it backfired badly after the revolutions . 
  people felt oppressed and went running in the arms of the church . 
  you need patience , as newer generations do tend to become more secular the higher the living conditions and the better the education that they have access to . 
  but few will give up their customs at once , instead they may raise their children with less restrictions . 
  imposing your beliefs upon others is the best way to make them resent your teachings . 
  many parents are already unknowingly turning their children away from religion . 
  i thought your comment was about one religion being more ridiculous than others . 
  i apologise if i was mistaken . 
  as for the issue itself , rescheduling exams a week before or after for three years is n't that big a change . 
  i see this more of a way to help children who do n't have much choice regarding fasting , rather than catering to the parents ' whims , who 'll do as they please either way . 
  if there is a small enough group of students who ca n't attend , religious or otherwise , maybe they alone can have a separate date for the exam . 
  but if there are a lot of them , maybe it 's easier to just organise the whole thing a few days earlier or later . 
  of course not , you 're just being veganised for 40 days before christmas . 
  also , no sex and lots of prayers and church goings . 
  with a couple of fish thrown in every now and again , but you can opt for black fasting days for extra credit ( only one glass of water per day ) . 
  and at the end you get to tell the big man with a beard all the naughty things you 've done lately and he will forgive you . 
  then , you eat all the pork and eggs and cake and some more pork . 
  followed by intense praying on the toilet that you will shit again before new year 's . 
  of course , not all orthodox christians follow all these silly rules , like i 'm sure not all muslims follow all their silly rules . 
  then why give christmas holidays ? 
  also , the hijri calendar is 10 to 12 days shorter than the gregorian one , so it 's unlikely to be an issue every year . 
  people who live in poor houses should n't throw eggs . 
  down or below lands . 
  it 's the antonym of highlands . 
  it 's also the reason i 've seen the netherlands mixed up with australia in some poorly translated pages on the internet . 
  great britain is the island . 
  the country is the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland or uk for short . 
  so , `` regatul unit '' is the proper name . 
  that makes sense , but they could report their findings using the proper name , maybe adding * olanda * in parentheses . 
  may not sound like a big deal , but many still refer to the uk as england ( the name marea britanie is also wrong , but i 'm not going into that ) . 
  if other nations would say wallachia instead of romania , there would be butthurt abound . 
  which is wrong , the official name is \u201e \u021a\u0103rile de jos '' . 
  even though people do n't use the right name , a serious news agency should . 
  i think it 's older people who hold grudges for things mostly they remember . 
  my grandma used to say we only have two good neighbours : yugoslavia ( serbia ) and the black sea . 
  / r/secondworldproblems /, 
  the highest praise in latvia ? 
  nice , is this a map of the old swiss-hungarian empire ? 
  was this model made by a danish architect ? 
  too eastern for prosperity . 
  too white for ethnic benefits . 
  typical second world problem . 
  yup . 
  i was also threatened to study hard , or else i 'd end up majoring in metallurgy , sanitation or sheepology . 
  the besenwehr is no joking matter !, 
  with one good sweep of their carpet bombing , there will be nothing left to clean after the dust settles . 
  every single time i chance upon a video featuring a group of armed , angry arabs , not two seconds go by without the same ominous chant blurting form every direction . 
  this is what it started sounding like , after a while : https://youtu.be/q9zvgcorttw?t=3s, 
  i 'm not saying that they have the right idea . 
  in fact i think they 're most likely delusional and will probably be very disappointed either way . 
  what i 'm saying is that they do n't want to come here , so quotas are irrelevant . 
  [ and i ca n't really blame them ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/people_at_risk_of_poverty_or_social_exclusion ) , given our own problems . 
  of course , it 's better than a war-zone , but that 's a whole other discussion . 
  so , my point would be that enforcing quotas is useless unless they forcefully relocate people and somehow hold them where you want them to stay . 
  quotas of 5 million would n't amount to jack , if people do n't want to come here . 
  even if they are forcefully sent east , who will stop them to try and go to sweden or germany , which they seem very keen on doing ? 
  says the englishman . 
  confiscate all the ill-gotten fortunes that corrupt officials have amassed . 
  i do n't hold a grudge against the well-endowed but convicted felons should n't be able to retain the money that was proven not to have been acquired through legal means . 
  and it would go a long way towards helping the budget and deterring similar future endeavors . 
  on a related note , ban all commercial activities of the romanian orthodox church . 
  if you do n't pay taxes , you do n't get to own hotels , for god 's sake !, 
  found [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2h4rikj.jpg ) on / r/romania a while back . 
  could it mean that the germans already had a cultural victory in russia ? 
  * my people are now buying your sweat pants . 
  the berlin wall started as a fence . 
  yeah , the joke was that medvedev 's term only happened because the law did n't allow putin to run a third consecutive term . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , i believe that the law has since been rectified , so lukashenko might turn out to not have been europe 's * last * dictator . 
  yeah , let 's not get too smug about how much progress has been done . 
  it 's certainly a good start , but there is a hell of a lot more cleaning up to do . 
  i 'm afraid we still have one of the most corrupt administrations in the eu . 
  i think it 's fair to give medvedev a red bar , too . 
  i think he 'd have to be named dolphin guillaume or something to get the peasantry riled up . 
  it 's those damn immigrants , stealing all the jobs !, 
  so , what 's with all the removed comments ? 
  i mean , i do n't find a comment like '' * villagestan * '' thought-provoking , but what rule does it break ? 
  well , he 's definitely big , just not very popular . 
  why did i read that in john oliver 's voice ? 
  i love it how the population is 99 % christian but people are only 89 % comfortable to working with other christians and 86 % comfortable to their child being in a relationship with a christian person . 
  it 's not like we actually need a reason to be distrustful of other people , we can make our own !, 
   and all domesticated animals and their riders have the right of way on romanian roads . 
  that 's because sheep care only a little less about the right of way than their shepherds . 
  are you stuck on the m25 again ?
