  you 're correct , its uncontrolled immigration + failure to assimilate into the host society . 
   taking things to your level of discourse . 
  isis was nothing before the civil war in syria , they were a small time player who were funded by european hostage ransoms . 
  the civil war in syria made them what they are and that 's the facts . 
  again naive if you think that 's the whole picture . 
  isil 's emergence began thanks to us-backed al malaki basically turning into a tyrant , refusing to commit to power-sharing agreements and massacring sunnis . 
  they would never have formed to begin with had this situation never existed . 
  before being able to take advantage of the syrian civil war in the manner that they did , they already had a large support among iraq 's sunni population . 
  again , root cause of this is your contry 's involvement in the region to begin with . 
   sure you did , because that was a popularly held opinion . 
  i really believe you . 
  oh , so you 're one of those guys who flip-flops with the wind and just goes with the majority 's opinion , thats who i 'm arguing with . 
  i 'll remind you that there were americans also against invading iraq before the war began , and they were the minority . 
  they existed nontheless . 
  whether you believe me or not , i do n't give two shits . 
   funny you say that yet failed to mention that the us was forced out . 
  almost as if you 're just making shit up as you go . 
  * forced to leave !, 
  * lol !, 
  as if your country is ever forced to do anything . 
  you do as you please , and when it suits you . 
   they do but ignoring what happened in those 12 years is absurd . 
  when those events from 12 years ago are a major root cause of the current ones and you 're ignoring them completely , you are being extremely disingenuous . 
   please please what ? 
  if someone holds a view that 's different from your steryotype you just blurt out `` oh please '' as a response ? 
  no wonder bush got elected twice with morons like you as part of the electorate . 
   and you were in favor of the us getting out no matter what the cost . 
  again , no . 
  once you were there , i agree that the best outcome would be to * stay there * to clean up your fuckup . 
   when you grow up let us know . 
  says the american that ca n't see the results of his country 's actions further back than the arab spring . 
   so did the arab spring which is much more releveant to today than something that happened 12 years ago . 
  as if events from 12 years ago have no long-lasting repercussions . 
   and it 's funny , you used to say `` amerikkka stop supporting dictators ! '', 
  you also said , `` amerikkkka get the fuck out of iraq ! '', 
  i was in favour of your invasion of afghanistan . 
  i was not in favour of invading iraq . 
  there 's a big difference between striking a country that attacked you first and going batshit insane in invading iraq . 
  you were warned * not to invade iraq in the first place * . 
  but muh oil . 
  if you were really interested in stopping dictatorships you have plenty others around the world , but not many with the natural resources you covet . 
   you should share your crystal ball with the world . 
  why did n't you tell us about the arab spring in 2001 ? 
  again , if you think the events currently unfolding were at all possible had you not invaded iraq you 're a moron . 
  * nobody needed a crystal ball to know that your country was going to royally fuck up the region , but you did it anyway . 
  it is problematic , which is why it ca n't be allowed to continue . 
  the actions of the us and the uk completelly destabilized the balance of power that previously existed . 
  isil only exists in syria thanks to its strong foothold in the power vaccum left in iraq . 
  if you think isil could exist in its current form if sadam was still in power then you 're extremely ignorant . 
  had the us confined their 9/11 counteratack to afghanistan , the iraq/syria region would look very different today . 
  why not both ? 
  by taking away their citizenship in that country , the fuckers will also lose anything they 're entitled to as citizens . 
   first that , and second , we 're supposed to benefit from them ? 
  yes , if they want to live here in the long run they will have to contribute back into the system that has been supporting them , just like we already do . 
  they benefit from us when they have nothing , and us from them when they are back on their feet . 
  or is this just a one-way street ? 
  is this the same europe the rest of us live in ? 
  with a massive youth unemployment rate ? 
  how the fuck is letting in a sea of migrants going to help with that ? 
  the usa was justified in invading afghanistan after 9/11 , not iraq . 
  the situation in iraq and syria is the result of americans and brits having elected a bunch of lunatics to power . 
  the whole region would be very different today had only afghanistan been invaded . 
  the same way sadam was enriching uranium ? 
  actually what your government is to blame for are boastful comments on just how many refugees germany can supposedly handle and then when the shit hits the fan and you get swamped you want other european nations to help clean up the mess . 
  remember when hungary tried to properly enforce the rules ? 
  media shitstorm ensues depicting orban as a fascist , and depicting germany as a moral beacon of sorts . 
  you 're blameless , of course . 
  [ d. sebasti\u00e3o ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sebastian_of_portugal#legend_and_legacy ) will return and save us any day now ... any day now ... 
  you 're correct . 
  though the list of governments that fell is way longer than those that held out . 
   biggest mistake in iraq was disbanding the local army . 
  yeah i remember that . 
  sadam 's former generals were basically willing to put their troops to work keeping the peace but the us wanted none of that . 
  so instead a ton of guys with millitary training and access to weapons caches ended up unemployed ... real clever . 
  what a shitshow . 
  this is an example of what happens when integration fails , and your response is to say that it has nothing to do with our current problem ? 
  this is a preview of whats to come if the current wave of muslim immigrants fail to integrate into our societies . 
   and yet he still owns half the country , despite the us & co. supporting rebels since months now and despite huge rates of defection of his army . 
  a lot of people seem to forget this for some reason . 
  he still holds power over most of the country despite the us ' efforts to undermine him . 
  how many other countries hold out this long when the us wants a change of regimes ? 
  actually i was in favour of the invasion of afghanistan since they were the country that basically helped sponsor the sept. 11th attacks . 
  was not in favour of the invasion of iraq . 
  if france now decided to invade iran because of these attacks why would i support them at all ? 
  guys like / u/naf _ tidder are retarded , and comment knowing almost nothing of what is actually going on in our country . 
  despite all that has happened , life is carrying on as usual . 
  there are no riots , no runs on the banks , the government is n't on the brink of being unable to pay wages to public workers , and people are discussing football while having their coffees and drinking their minis as usual . 
  portugal ! = greece . 
  whats up with these guys , seriously ? 
  this is probably the 3rd article i 've read form them where they completely misrepresent what is currently going on here . 
   if it is expensive , then it is merely the price of hundreds of years of colonialism and imperialism by the west in that region of the world that now must be paid . 
  if we go far back enough , everyone owes everyone else . 
  perhaps portugal should be demanding recompense from all the arab nations for the time our territory [ was a `` colony '' under the umayyad caliphate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-andalus ) . 
  thats fine , they can pay us back by not setting foot here . 
   a rise in government spending does give economic growth . 
  it 's one of the pillars of economics . 
  all the southern eu governments will be thrilled to hear this !, 
   and ? 
  how is this proof for anything ? 
  it 's proof that we do n't have grenade-tossing gangs .
