  sure , he 's entitled to be an islamist all he wants . 
  not entitled to citizenship . 
   everybody is worried about this , except ... the portuguese . 
  streets are calm . 
  football is being discussed with more emphasis than politics . 
  business as usual . 
  i know right ? 
  seeing these types of headlines again and again almost feels like someone trying to stir up shit that will cause yet another hike in the interest we 're paying on our debts . 
   his speech , in selecting a government , did not appear to give primacy to the will of the people . 
  consider also the fact that those who voted on the bloco de esquerda ( `` left bloc '' ) and the communist party did so because they did n't want a government run by the socialists ( ps ) . 
  a ps-be-pcp coalition is not what people voted for either , and people would certainly have voted differently had this been something on the table before the elections . 
   we gave up control of our borders more like passed the buck to eu border countries that ca n't handle the influx . 
  i agree with lax borders between schengen members , but not outside of this zone . 
  italy and greece are in no way equipped to deal with the torrent of incoming migrants ( least of all greece with how the austerity measures are cutting into the coast guard ) . 
  god damn floating point arithmetic strikes again !, 
  yep . 
  bonus test : see how they react if the person handling they asylum process is a woman . 
   i said 90 percent are not from syria . 
  i guess it was 80 per cent . 
  i quoted your original comment , where you clearly said 90 % * were * from syria . 
  and i see you 're trying to backpedal now by deleting your comments . 
   90 % of the refugees are from syria . 
  lies , you pulled this information straight out of your arse . 
  here , [ read this  ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-34270077 )  while the tragedy of those fleeing syria 's terrible civil war has caught the popular imagination , such people formed just 20.1 % of those seeking asylum in germany from january to august 2015 . 
   [ ... ]  it 's hard to avoid the conclusion that tens of thousands of people from relatively peaceful countries have joined the trek to germany , which is seen as one of the most desirable places in europe to live . 
   to put it more bluntly : they are taking advantage of and increasing this crisis . 
  and that 's from the bbc , not some right-wing propaganda piece . 
   and that would have changed what ? 
  as long as you do n't shoot tow them back ; arrest the smuggler and sink the boats . 
  rinse and repeat . 
   highered the budget for the eu coastal guard you mean frontex ? 
  it 's a fucking toothless joke . 
   but again : that wo n't solve any problems . 
  no it wo n't completely solve them , but just throwing money and free housing to all that come is even worse . 
  another thing that would be a good start is to enforce the dublin treaty . 
  also deport everyone who is n't actually from a war zone and who is n't from where they claim to be from . 
  also , cut the welfare benefits . 
  real refugees will be content for a safe place to live . 
  those shopping for free money will lose their incentive . 
  edit : another point : only grant asylum or give priority to the refugees taken directly from refugee camps in turkey and lebanon . 
  this way real poor refugees who do n't have money to spend on smugglers will also be helped , and the ones flooding into europe illegally are n't rewarded . 
   germany did offer greece to help with border control among other countries . 
  sources , please . 
  on the other hand , greece has already requested more funding from the eu to deal with this , seeing that public spending has been cut across the board ( troika austerity measures ) , [ and this impacts the coast guard which is already half crippled . 
  ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/greece-seeks-eu-funds-to-help-with-migrant-influx-1441297424 )  some people just want to hate . 
  grow up . 
   what would you have done ? 
  scale up funding for the refugee camps in turkey and lebanon and getting the eu members ' navies off their asses to patrol the main smuggling corridors would be a good start . 
  instead the strategy has been to do almost fuck all and just assume the social system wo n't buckle under the pressure that this influx will produce . 
   as long as the door 's open people will get to the bedroom . 
  stop blaming the wrong ones . 
  how is greece supposed to patrol its entire coastline with the meager resources it has ? 
  send your own navy to sink the smugglers ' boats if you 're so concerned , germoney . 
   so to keep the people from voting far right , everyone needs to adopt far right policies . 
  since when is having sensible immigration policies considered far right ? 
  the current governments need to stop appealing to emotion , look at the fucking data that already shows that this type of migrant influx is unsustainable , and act rationally according to this information . 
  if they do n't then how can you be surprised when people start voting for parties that do promise to address the problem ? 
  ( and these parties unfortunately come with all sorts of nasty consequences of their own ) . 
   it 's not `` demands '' , the correct translation is `` requests '' . 
  in either case the answer is no . 
  substitute `` migration '' with `` debt '' and `` numbers '' with `` spending '' and you have scandinavian greece . 
  pretty much . 
  and the longer they continue to mismanage the situation as they have , the more fuel they will be giving to hard-liners who will take action , but probably at a cost we wo n't like . 
  if they had simply acted in a rational manner i doubt we would even be discussing this right now . 
  had you even looked at the article you 'd have seen the anti-jew chanting was in arabic . 
  did all the right-wing extremists learn arabic now so that they can make the poor migrants look bad ? 
  good luck getting those people to `` embrace '' your progressive values . 
   and what 's worse , you 're leading the eu . 
  omg . 
  not for very long if they keep this up . 
   and then they will invite their families ... fun times . 
  and then they 'll breed like rabbits because birth control is for filthy decadent kuffars . 
  wonder if they will teach their kids to respect germany 's laws and values though ... 
   merkel needs to go and that very fast . 
  we can not wait anymore till the next elections . 
  this is also one of the problems with democracy : she can sit on her arse for the rest of her term while the problem compounds . 
  this kind of inertia if really crippling . 
  we should hire him to monitor the mediterranean by tasking all the fish to pinpoint smugglers . 
   yeah , the days of gun free europe are drawing to a close . 
  eastern europe still has quite a few guns floating around , and they are much more open to gun posession than western europeans . 
  at least they have the means to take a hard stand if the situation demands it . 
  just because i have concearns about the current imigration policies does n't mean i support this guy . 
  this is how the judge dredd saga begins :d, 
  holy shit . 
  i guess metro 2033 is n't so insane after all !, 
   it sounds illegal meaning you would get fined into oblivion for it exactly . 
  so tell me again how this is not hampering our economy ? 
  either way , we 're still better off than you are in some respects . 
   it 's not the developed worlds fault that you cant compete . 
  well then , perhaps we should ignore the eu 's agricultural and fishing quotas . 
  these policies have gutted our country 's former production in these areas . 
  we can then compete by reviving our [ `` bread basket '' region ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alentejo ) and flood the european market with cheap grain and fresh produce that * you * ca n't compete with . 
  how does that sound to you ? 
   so , portugal is poised to turn left into greek street - not looking good . 
  so far our behaviour has been nothing like greece 's , and we have n't had problems as bad as greece 's either ( bank runs , country coming to a standstill , riots ) . 
  what makes you think this will start now ? 
  without a ruling majority vote , p\u00e0f have n't `` won '' anything . 
   portugal : in eu , cheap , european champion yay !, 
  it is time of celebratings !, 
   if they were honest from the beginning , there would n't be a case .
