  german redditors who speak enough english for reddit usually have some kind of higher education and tend to associate with other people of the same educational background , giving them a false impression . 
  on paper i speak french , had it for 4 years in school . 
  i can tell you that `` je habite dans la rue daguerre '' , but that 's it . 
  why ? 
  because i did not give a shit back then , and never used it . 
  situation is similar for most people and their english , they might have learned it at one point , but never use it . 
  and if you do not use a language , you lose it . 
  not everyone consumes american tv in ov and browses the english internet daily . 
  i understand why he reacted like that . 
  sending a journalist who does not speak german to a german event by the german fm for the german public/press ? 
  that was just pure arrogance . 
  the event was to inform the german public . 
  and the german public does not really speak english ( outside of the university/redditor bubble ) . 
   also , a concentration camp paramedic could just have asked for a transfer . 
  that is exactly what he did , he was there for one month, 
  all the letters are uppercase , ss is the `` correct '' uppercase version of \u00df . 
  lots of germans stick with the `` german internet '' . 
  there is enough content available and there is a forum for every niche . 
  no one is `` forced '' to use/learn english to get the information he needs . 
   why is n't entirely clear to me , but then it 's hardly the only reason to question hitlers sanity at that point the us was already supplying materials and volunteers to the uk/ussr . 
  they were in the war and took a side already . 
  declaring the war officially allowed the germans to intercept those convoys , without breaking the `` law '' . 
  that 's my point . 
  more stuff is labelled as homeopathic in german than in english . 
  that 's why all those statistics of germany being quite into homeopathy are misleading to english-speakers . 
  `` alternative '' might have been misused by me here , was meant in the sense of `` alternative to chemicals '' instead of `` new-age '' . 
  a large percentage of our doctors call themselves `` homeopathic doctors '' , an english speaker would think we are all hippies . 
  they are normal , fully certified and studied doctors and not shamans . 
  to me , that just means that that doctor will provide me with non-chemical based solution first ( yet still provide me with the chemical one , if necessary ) . 
  roots and scientific trials are not exclusive . 
  i do n't understand why people always have that idea . 
  i am not talking about hippy-nonsense new age roots . 
  plant based medicine has to undergo the same trials as purely chemical ones . 
  other than that , just a bit of distrust of big faceless cooperations . 
  i am not a strong proponent of it , but if you give me a choice of a root that fixes me and an engineered drug that isolated the active component , i am going to go with the root . 
  the word `` homeopathy '' is often used as a catch-all phrase for alternative treatments in germany , including herbal/traditional medicine . 
  it is not just the placebo-stuff the anglosphere uses the word `` homeopathy '' for . 
  his most famous story that made him a bit of a folk hero is his handling of the 1962 flood . 
  at that time was the police senator of hamburg and is accredited with saving the city and thousands of lives by doing what was necessary without regard of the law . 
  he took command of the situation and used his military contacts with nato commanders to organize airlifts and deployed units of the german army . 
  both things he had no legal right to do , but were necessary . 
  he was one of those politicians who were willing to do more than just talk . 
  while you might disagree on some points with him , it is hard not to respect the man . 
  what makes everyone so sure this ca n't lead to at least a catalan-eta situation ? 
  it seems like some people are really fanatical about doing their catalan-thing . 
  just look at this sub . 
  never saw anyone of another nationality who seriously felt the need to promote `` diversity '' here by using their own language in posts as well while ruining my reading flow . 
  what do you think happens while those people from the balkans wait for their asylum request to be processed ? 
  that process takes between 6 months and 2 years , and even after that it is not guaranteed that they will be sent back . 
  all the while taking up resources and time needed for those really in need of protection . 
  cross-border train tickets never took of there , for some reason . 
  true , but austria already did the political drama stuff , so they wo n't have much work to expand their fence . 
  doubt it would take more than a few hours for the swiss to guard their border . 
  hopefully france is able to handle them without bus-tickets to the next border . 
  half the applications in germany are by serbs , albanians and kosovians clogging up the system . 
  they will all be denied , but until then they take places real refugees need . 
  hungary did right , and if austria closes up and doesnt let them reach the `` promised land '' anymore , i doubt they will wait in slovenia/croatia instead of just walking home again . 
  no , people voted green in mass because they got scared our nuclear plants might get hit by a tsunami . 
  yes , their asylum request will be denied . 
  but that takes months , all while they receive benefits ... 
  half the people coming into my country are serbs , albanians and kosovars . 
  the `` refugee '' crisis would be a bit less crisis if the system would not be clogged up by economic tourists . 
   somewhere else exactly what they try to achieve, 
  the problem are not the syrians . 
  half the people arriving in germany are from the balkans . 
  they have a below 1 % chance to have their asylum request granted , but they clog up the system for the others . 
  half of the people arriving in germany are serbs , albanians and kosovars clogging up the system for those really in need . 
  that is the problem . 
  ha , the only redditors that tried to force-establish bilingual comments here were french ... 
  more like most of / r/europe . 
  did you miss the other comments here ? 
  not much need for shameful behavior if you get that kind of paycheck for waving at crowds . 
  whatever franco tried to promote , i guess \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  out of curiosity , is bullfighting a spanish-spanish tradition , but not a catalan one ? 
  could this be an attempt to `` protect '' the spanish culture ? 
  or just centgov dickery ? 
   what 's next ? 
  color of my pants ? 
  yes . 
  it is called a school uniform . 
   the car had its hazard warning lights flashing and no number plates , police said . 
  thankfully it 's not the smart ones that get radicalized that easily . 
  i hate this statistic . 
  does it mean to show me that everything is ok and terrorism is the same as ever , everything normal ? 
  what i see is a continuous stream of death . 
  the basques and irish calmed down , so why is it continuous ? 
  because of islamists . 
  just because there were problems in the past does not mean we have to accept the new ones as `` just normal '' . 
  http://shop.mundi-weine.de/images/product_images/info_images/pict0144_schraube_320.jpg left is the schraube , right the mutter . 
   mutter not a false friend . 
  those things are also called mutter in german . 
  not talking about trolling . 
  wikipedia is not what it once was and has a serious problem of power users flagging most new articles as irrelevant and protecting their `` own '' articles against even the slightest edits . 
  the idea behind wikipedia is top , but the little power it gives to users went to their head . 
   it 's a bottom-up platform . 
  i dare you to try and edit some article of a power user . 
  mate , 99 % of the common germans do n't care about poland , the polish death camps or the rest of eastern europe . 
  we got more important stuff to do than trying to keep the poor oppressed polish man down . 
  you are confusing me . 
  native americans have an ethnicity ?
