  means , my dialect is located close to the swiss/austrians , i got little trouble understanding them . 
  it 's a different case if you speak a more `` foreign '' dialect , or no dialect at all ofc . 
  it 's a bit of a different situation with the austrian and swiss dialects , as they are just part of the greater german dialect continuum . 
  unlike be , ae , ause and the rest , which have a ( in my opinion ) bigger gap between eachother . 
  stop blaming everything on germany , rex is austrian !, 
  they still had their lebensraum in the polish lands and africa back then . 
  your comments are what the euro crisis looks to me as lately . 
  people complaining about getting money under conditions after they fucked up and not offering any solutions themselves , only insults . 
  you put that money in your loan , it 's still yours . 
  otherwise you put that money in rent , and it 's gone . 
  just because you do n't have a loan does n't mean you pay nothing for living . 
  such as voluntarly giving up all his power and introducing democracy after he inherited spain from franco . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why would they do this ? 
  is n't horse meat priced higher ? 
  one needs to add that all that brownish stuff without names in the hre is made out of hundreds of little independent 1 village baronies , making it even more absurd . 
  how about beeing a man and having some kids ? 
  that 's what happens if you completly demilitarize a culture . 
  also , why should we get involved ? 
  it 's an internal civil war , mali is far away . 
  if the french want to play with their colonies again , it 's their thing . 
  it looks like they just looked at the words and looked for stuff that looks similar . 
  like the `` land of the floaters '' in southern germany . 
  `` schwaben '' looks a bit like `` schweben '' ( = float ) , but has absolutly nothing to do with it . 
  the name of swabia/schwaben goes back to the old tribes , the suebi . 
  wikipedia lists the meaning either as `` one 's one people '' or a celtic word for vagabond . 
  88 always had the facist connotation , that 's why he chose it . 
  especially on the german internet , all those poor kids born in 1988 ca n't add it to their nicks else they 'd be suspected to be facists . 
  would be political suicide to suggest concentrating the immigrants in some camps . 
  someone who migrates to find a better life . 
  i never understood why its mostly young men that arrive from those countries . 
  why would so many leave their families and loved ones behind if there truly is war and death back home ? 
  did they already run out of non-criminals ? 
  not a lot identify as alemans , true . 
  but saxons ? 
  they got their own state , `` language '' and do identify as saxons ( and are easily identified as such ) . 
  while they do not indulge in all that local-patriotism the bavarians do , their situation is quite similar . 
  holland is just the name of holland in other languages . 
  never seen a bavarian getting mad over being called an aleman or saxon in foreign languages . 
   not tribal ha . 
  tell that to the bavarians, 
   of course not : the government would help it and would adopt any possible system to recover the situation . 
  you can see the problem with that in germany , some german states seem to see the aid they get from the others as normal part of their budget , spending more and more money without even trying to fix it . 
  why should they , after all ? 
  would cost them their votes . 
  looking at you , berlin and bremen . 
  the eastern states take the money as part of their budget , but at least they do n't let the situation get out of control and keep it stable . 
  the system only worked once , for bavaria . 
  they took the money , build themselves up , and are now rich enough to pay themselves . 
  any attempt of a reform of the system is of course blocked by those taking the money , as expected . 
  the numbers : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/l%c3%a4nderfinanzausgleich#finanzvolumen ( remember , german swaps '' . '', 
  and '' , '' in numbers compared to english, 
  it 's the old german/russia split . 
  simplified , german part `` started '' with more infrastructure , and the difference snowballed from there . 
  what benefit is there for rich countries to lower themselves to eu standards ? 
  why pay , if you can get most of the benefits with external contracts ? 
  the saarland ( piece of germany france held as `` protectorate '' after ww2 ) was intended to become just that in 1955 . 
  but the people voted against it and reunited with germany instead . 
  the constant refusal of teachers to accept `` wo '' as the one and true relativpronomen was quite traumatic, 
  while growing up , i played nearly every computer game there was . 
  there was always a german community , i never had the need to venture off into english , until i started playing obscure mods for obscure indy games . 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  if you are used to them , you do n't see a problem with them . 
  in contrast to french films , where it was always obvious that they are `` foreign '' movies dubbed . 
  works better when the languages are closer related . 
  english -  german is barely noticeably ( if you do not actively look for it ) , while french -  german is quite obviously dubbed . 
  real bread , not just baguette , long baguette , wide baguette and flat baguette . 
  honestly , it just reinforces the arrogant french stereotype for me . 
  if every nationality would start doing this , this / r/europe would end up an unreadable mess . 
  if they want to speak french , they should do so in their french subreddits . 
  i guess they were asked if they would fight for holland . 
  sweden missed out on the death and misery of the wars of the last century , might just not be enough people ( who really experienced it ) around to tell the kids that dying over a flag is quite silly . 
  thats what i was thinking about , yes alemannia is only south-west germany , most of it is not even in germany anymore . 
  ye , would be like calling all germans alemanns or saxons . 
  other languages use different words for countries , accept it . 
  reminds me , why do you not get worked up over beeing called dutch/deutsch in english ? 
  that 's us nowadays , not you , after all . 
  he is german , so am i. 
  we are used seeing this kind of stuff happening to our language , places , names and so on . 
  it is completely normal that us shows do n't give a shit at all about accuracy . 
  you just never noticed it , as lithuania is not even on the map for most show makers . 
  hre fell 100 years before the monarchy did . 
  napoleon raised some duchies to kingdoms and they stayed that way after he left . 
  has german under -  hat deutsch drunter franzose being triggered . 
  german capitalizes nouns , sproch/sprache needs to be capitalized . 
  yes , that 's why i asked you a question . 
  how do you finish the war ? 
  ( ignoring that question and throwing insults is not finishing the war ), 
  thanks for your answer , seems you have no idea how to finish `` the war '' as well . 
  `` finish the war '' is a just a slogan . 
  how do you finish the war ? 
  there is no central authority that you can force to surrender , you wo n't get allah or the prophet to sign anything . 
  short of genocide , i do n't see how you could manage that . 
  the germans laid down their arms at the end of the war . 
  they surrendered . 
  they were done and wanted to get on with their lives . 
  no one kept screaming `` gott mit uns '' while they suicide bombed the occupation troops and other civilians . 
  after 1945 the entire german territory was `` german '' . 
  no minorities that feel oppressed ( as in spain/uk ) or colonies that want independence/revenge ( as in france ) or large `` traditional '' criminal structures as in italy . 
  except for some `` minor '' leftwing and rightwing attacks , germany was just never a target .
