  would solve most of my concerns , and you could better interact with your viewers , too ( other than `` show me that dudes stuff '' - requests ) . 
  observer-mode works for paradox in-house streams because they are in the same rooms , but i would not trust internet-strangers to not use such easily available information to their advantage . 
  multiple players from different regions could stream , covering the entire globe . 
  if they wish to do so , that is . 
  that way , only those willing to take the risk would be `` stream-sniped '' easily . 
  how are we going to split europe ? 
  just have the streamer take some country on the european fringes , so he can stream from an in-game perspective without an all-seeing eye . 
  delay does n't solve the real issue , that people will use the stream as an impromptu ledger . 
  you just need to wait until he pans over your target to see the enemies numbers , positions and movements . 
  i would just wager that wars would get more attention by the stream than peaceful settlers . 
  no worries , i am sure the ottomans will, 
  yes , would really prefer if only players stream . 
  so only those that are willing will have to play with open cards . 
  is that such a good idea with such a large and public group ? 
  takes away the whole ti-mechanic . 
  i fear `` stream-sniping '' would ruin many good sneaky offensives , naval landings and backroom deals . 
  never heard anything else than pute , though . 
  ( except in movies/tv ), 
  taking carib . 
  ( you missed my top-level comment last time you updated ), 
  how do you handle pauses ? 
  none at all ? 
  ( and changed my country to carib . 
  did not notice hormuz being taken ), 
  lots of players , can eu4 even handle that ? 
  i remember the pure suffering that was eu3 and v2 multiplayer . 
  i would like to reserve ~ ~ oman , or if taken , ~ ~ carib . 
  edit : just saw hormuz was taken , a bit hard to see on the map . 
  i 'd rather go with carib in that case . 
   brexit , unfortunately , was a success . 
  a win for the far-right . 
  but not a product of the alt-right . 
  that 's decades of every uk politician blaming the eu for everything wrong in the uk . 
  the dialect does not disappear on the other side of the rhine . 
  it 's a dialect continuum , with els\u00e4\u00dfer in one corner , swiss in the other , and true \u2122 germans in the middle . 
  all speaking a very similar language . 
  elsa\u00df is doing well . 
  east-east germany is doing worse than east germany . 
  no one wants that . 
  also , the eastern countries tend to be way more insecure about their nation/borders than france . 
  why, 
  as rude as it sounds , but to germans those are minor events in a time long ago , concerning a german state that ceased to exist after ww2 . 
  except a few history fans , i doubt many even know about the northern crusade . 
  with an extremely low population , a weak economy and cold beaches , it 's just not on the radar for the average german . 
  the only notable thing that happened in lithuania in modern history is the soviet and `` former soviet '' thing . 
  i mean , how many lithuanians ( that do not play paradox games ) know about baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ? 
  we got ~ 4 times the population lithuania has . 
  we like to mock americans for not knowing foreign countries , but i doubt many germans could locate every small european country . 
  that bit of text helps the german audience to approximate your country , it tells them it 's not one of those balkan countries , so it must be `` somewhere up there '' . 
   but it sucks the amount of troubles that both borders give us . 
  better to have them run against a fence than wash up on the andalusian coast . 
  thanks , makes it a bit clearer . 
  for the non-germans : victims of vehicular attacks are supposed to get paid from a different source , the one for traffic victims . 
  for some reason , that source is limited to 7.5 million $ per incident ( not victim , incident ) . 
   the law for this explicitly rules out compensation if the attack was done with a truck that sounds absurd , which \u00a7 is that ? 
  smaller product range , and the shops tend to be way more shabby and run-down . 
  like the difference between mercadona and dia , if you have those in catalonia . 
  is trader joe 's its own thing , or just sneaky aldis trying to circumvent the deal ? 
  they split the rest of the world on a per country basis , too . 
  my condoleces to all those countries that were assigned to aldi nord . 
  are you really using a event from more than 80 years ago to justify suicide bombing today ? 
  this is worse reasoning than usually seen in balkan-threads . 
  just a tip , if you do not blow yourself up with the first bomb , you can place a second . 
  but do n't tell the others , please . 
  they could achieve lasting change , like no trash cans in public . 
  quite a difference between using it as last-resort and leaving the house with a bomb strapped to you . 
  the blood court at cannstatt happened . 
  in 746 , after some harmless rebelling , the frankish ruler invited all the alemanic nobles to a council . 
  after all guests arrived , numbering in the thousands , they were promptly arrested and executed on the spot . 
  the entire alemanic nobility was butchered in a day and replaced by franks , ending the autonomy of the duchy decisively . 
  ( for perspective : the landmass of old alemania was as big as modern scotland , if not a bigger ), 
  it 's puberty age , girls ca n't keep up anymore . 
  also the reason they get less demanding requirements to get the same grades as the boys . 
  13 , 4 and 2 . 
  completely comparable numbers . 
  ignorance ? 
  they are already clogging up the german asylum system . 
  the largest group of applicants in 2015 after syrians ( 163.000 ) were the albanians ( 55.000 ) , then the kosovars ( 37.000 ) . 
  serbia were a bit lagging behind , but still at 27.000 . 
  nearly all of them get denied , but until then they leech the resources that are needed for the real refugees . 
  those are the official numbers on processed applications ( https://www.proasyl.de/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/2015_hkl_antragsentscheidungsstatistik.pdf ) . 
  second column is number of applications , `` gesamtschutzquote '' is the % of accepted applications . 
  it 's balkan politics , do n't touch it . 
  maybe he thinks you just called him a turk , which made him this hostile . 
  this is just russia . 
  alone . 
  not the soviet union , not the warsaw pact . 
  most of that is in the eu now , anyways . 
  never understood why people keep pushing to still portray them as this big and mighty empire . 
  yes , the italians started it , even got pushed back by the greeks into albania ( italian occupied a bit earlier ) . 
  austria played its cards right after the war and presented itself as the first `` victim '' of nazi germany . 
  same with italy , they flipped in the last few months and were occupied by the vile germans trying to hold the line . 
  poor italians . 
  that 's a strange map of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg and hessen you have there . 
  it 's always funny with bavarians feeling like they are superior . 
  before the reunification , they were the poor people getting our hard earned money . 
  ever since i was born i was told our economy is sucking and is going to crumble soon . 
  i just do n't believe it anymore . 
  germany strong . 
  there is a reason they even poll behind the pirate party,
