they need to get the old peoples votes somehow , after all, 
  that number sounds way too high . 
  where do they get the data sets ? 
  most of the eu countries already charge on their autoroutes . 
  at least the ones we germans need to get through to get to the beaches . 
  it is politics , he was quite high up in the cdu , maybe threatening to claim positions merkels crownies wanted , so they threw him into a `` dead-end '' position . 
  eu is where politicians get send to kill their national career . 
  just curious , why is condemning warlords even on the agenda of a students union ? 
  if luxembourgish counts as language , then swiss should too . 
  walked through the main park in madrid , was approached twice by sellers . 
  i was not even searching or looking the part ( i hope , at least ), 
  is n't half the english wikipedia entries for every single episode of every single show there ever was , though ? 
  in most cases no one is going to throw you into the brig for refusing to get pregnant, 
  go by the inequality-adjusted hdi , germany moves up to rank 5 there , as the us falls to rank 28, 
  while there are large regional differences , every region still beats the rest of the world by far . 
  please no . 
  at least the map maker decided on the better capital . 
  i spent most of my live speaking german , and i still ca n't handle hearing + writing and reading + speaking numbers at the same time without fucking up at least once . 
  but maybe i am just a bit slow , though , and no one tells me to spare my feelings . 
  we just do n't have summers worth taking a long break here . 
  rome was not really european , much more mediterranean, 
  the outrage was a bit more about being on the same list as enemy states and industrial espionage done by the nsa, 
  kinda puts the 0,8 % the german far right got into perspective , people are already up in arms because the npd got 1 ( ! ), 
  representative . 
  russia was defeated in ww1, 
  that whole civil war thing did not help spains economy , i guess . 
  was end of last week i think, 
  it 's from the landkreis , not the land . 
  amtliche wahlbenachrichtigung , the letter telling you when and where you can cast your vote . 
  i think the only thing i noticed here in germany was that letter they send . 
  that 's it , but i do n't really use radio/tv that much , tbh . 
  this `` news '' again ? 
  does n't it come up every other month ? 
  thinking about it , the roman/byzantine empire was greek in its last days , making greece it 's successor , kind of . 
  i feel they should pay reparations for what they did to my people a few years earlier . 
  hey , it 's not propaganda as long as i like what i hear !, 
  did n't the spanish government win a law suit against some treasure hunters for one of `` their '' ships not long ago ? 
  55 % do not use the internet at all . 
  how many of those 45 % that do even use those services ? 
  only the small unimportant voting group called `` youth '' is affected there . 
  would just lead to them using children instead . 
  poland held the line nearly as long as france , despite being attacked from both sides . 
  be a bit more democratic . 
  spends a few euros on an add campaign . 
  a lot of people do n't even know there is something to vote on . 
  also , fix the population/mp ratio , people from small countries get way too overrepresented for me to consider this democratic . 
  how many mps are there in total ? 
  people managed with far less money in the past . 
  gender equality and less stigma of divorce plays a large role , too . 
  while women in the past they knew if they marry , they would most likely be taken care of for the rest of their lives . 
  now they are forced to build their own careers to support themselfs after ( no `` if '' anymore , it seems ) the divorce , and have no time for the kids . 
  ^ reading ^ this ^ again , ^ it ^ sounds ^ a ^ bit ^ sexist , ^ but ^ thats ^ how ^ the ^ past ^ was high birth rates in the west still exist in our muslim and other communities where traditional gender roles are a bit more widespread . 
  many people here answer stuff like `` no money , too expensive , no work '' . 
  does n't stop the poor countries . 
  it 's the social security scam we got going . 
  no reason to have children , the state will support you in old age , no matter if you raised the generation that will support you or not . 
  countries with high birth rates do n't have this luxury , and are forced to have children so someone keeps them fed in old age . 
  there should be stricter penalties to pensions if you refuse to invest into the next generation . 
  i have no problem at all to support my parents , i owe them that . 
  but why do i have to support all those people who wasted their money on themselves instead of investing in future generations ? 
  the common attitude is that you pay for the pensions of the old generation , so the next one pays yours . 
  woopdidoo , someone has to make the next generation or no one will pay yours . 
  leader ? 
  that post is used to retire old politicans . 
  i do n't really know exactly , only heard about it in other comments . 
  on wiki they call it `` assurances of security '' . 
  there was that treaty where the us , uk and russia promised to protect ukrainian independence if they give up their nukes . 
  you ever thought about it that way , that not the others spend too few , but the us too much ? 
  uk+f rance alone spend more than russia . 
  why spend more ? 
  who else is there to even think about threatening us ? 
  no , russia has to protect its citizens , wherever they are . 
  my guess would be because the non russians moved away / died out . 
  jurop does n't start with a vowel . 
  seems to be the pc term for the ostblock today , so the poles do n't get worked up with beeing classified as eastern european . 
  why is it part of your country ? 
  just because some old maps show it within the borders ? 
  you do n't seem to be living there and they decided to go their own ways 20 years ago already , which is their full right . 
  nationalistic claims like that just lead to trouble , especially if it 's over some worthless strip of land . 
  lives in spain for 4years , speaks very little spanish and tries to weasel himself out of the fine due to a `` miscommunication '' with the mayor . 
  get out . 
  reported to the admins for killing 25.3 % of the population of belarus . 
  my guess would be germany and austria just reported the important ports , crotia reported every village where a boat can anchor . 
  do n't tell poland we are amassing men on the border again . 
  looks about right for 1862 . 
  good old colonialism . 
  always a bit pathetic if something like this comes up . 
  come and feel free to bill everyone who profited from that deal , if you can find anyone still alive . 
  the greeks atleast were plundered , but romania was a more than willing ally of nazi germany ( they even had their personal holocaust going on , # 2 in numbers ) . 
  maybe there should be a bill send towards romania for all the material and lives lost trying to defend their country after the soviets pushed back ? 
  and i am sure they can include some minor fine for backstabbing their ally as soon as the russians got too close , must have violated some treaties there . 
  also , still waiting for the damn swedes to pay up for plundering , raping and burning down my village a few years earlier . 
  i never understood why the uk gets no flak for deserting their ally and fleeing back to their island . 
  german here , took me a while to see what you think is `` wrong '' . 
  while not commonly used anymore , `` guten tag '' can still be used as a `` good day '' when leaving . 
   if i do n't have a spellchecker i write `` gledbeutel '' . 
  the author just fears them get radicalised , not to convert and get radicalised . 
  makes sense in a way , people need to learn the purpose of that stuff is to enjoy it , not to drink it everytime you 're thirsty, 
  my town got raped and burned by the swedish a while back , still waiting for their reparations . 
  i am able to speak proper swabian ( as in dialect , not high german with swabian accent ) .
