  what do native swiss have ? 
  then what ethnicity do they have ? 
  honestly , i fully expect this is how i die . 
  my natural reaction to hearing a siren is looking on the clock , and if it 's a full hour i just assume it 's a test . 
  was trying to say we have a different kind of religion , despite the same name . 
  according to my reddit-influenced view , most us church goers would be laughed out of german churches for their radical views . 
  even people under 60 going to church outside of events is just a strange concept to me . 
  you get those 100 year olds in all types of classes , though . 
  their imam/father will tell them that anyways , outside of school . 
  in schools , the state has at least some control and can try to influence the islam of the youth . 
  you ca n't make islam more compatible with our liberal germany by ignoring it . 
  integration is a slow process but should be started at some point . 
  he caused a police action . 
  they should be able to bill them for that at least . 
  lot 's of non-germans in this thread seem to have the wrong impression of a religious class in germany . 
  we are not the us . 
  `` teaching the bible '' is not a large part of it , that stuff is handled outside schools , mostly during the confirmation phase . 
  the classes are more based around teaching ethics and a bit history of religions ( plural ! ) . 
  with our religious history , german christian ethics are highly aligned with `` normal '' german ethics . 
  every student can chose for himself which class he wants to attend , a religious ( catholic , lutheran ) or a non-religious ethics class . 
  i , as an atheist , chose to stay in the religious one for the simple reason that the non-religious teacher was a cunt . 
  having classes showing muslims how their religion fits in with german ethics , and finding a way to use islam to promote them , is a good idea . 
  as long as the same criteria apply to islam-teachers as they do to the christian ones . 
  and then we are back at exactly the same situation ? 
  straight outta the same article :  the almohads , who had taken control of the almoravids ' maghribi and andalusi territories by 1147 , far surpassed the almoravides in fundamentalist outlook , and they treated the non-muslims harshly . 
  faced with the choice of either death or conversion , many jews and christians emigrated . 
  technological advancements do n't offset conquest , bloodshed and slavery . 
  you are missing my point . 
  him using islams history in europe as argument why they `` belong '' here is like arguing for a greater danish presence in modern ireland , using the `` long history of danish presence '' on ireland as a pro-argument . 
   europe has a long history of islam religion on the continent . 
  you are using a long history of conquest , bloodshed and slavery as argument for islam in europe ? 
  yes , more than that even , they are poor and taking all the money !, 
  like everything bad in the uk is the fault of brussels , everything bad in catalonia is the fault of madrid . 
  nah , it just gives it away . 
  few germans know about the enigma , even fewer care . 
  i think no one except brits would think that might be a stereotype for them . 
  must be british , sneaking in the underhand `` look how cool we once were '' for the uk . 
  it is fascinating how companies like uber manage to play the `` innovation '' card so people ignore their entire disregard for laws . 
  laws made to protect both the passengers and the workers . 
  it 's a different culture . 
  abortion is just something that happens , it 's their iud or pill . 
  conscription . 
  no need to pay your serfs a competitive wage . 
  when i was conscripted in germany , the military paid me less than my father had to pay in child support before that . 
  they do what exactly to make bavaria the equivalent of the us bible belt ? 
  are they more catholic * than some other germans ? 
  yes . 
  are they fanatics , as a us-style bible belt implies ? 
  * and even that feels more traditional than religious . 
  schmidt was the smoker . 
  kohl is the fat one . 
  70 years ago , maybe . 
  germany is mostly unpopular with germans , the rest like it . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-22624104 `` in ghana , 84 % of people polled said germany 's influence was mainly positive , while 81 % in neighbouring france and 76 % in australia felt the same . 
  but in debt-laden greece a majority of people polled gave germany negative ratings . '', 
  explains why in us culture lotion is seen as proof/hint/symbol for male masturbation . 
  ca n't play the hat-game . 
  they streamed a multiplayer match with streamers and celebrities at their e3 presentation . 
  day of defeat , a ww2 ( ! ), 
  mod for hl1/hl2 , has bolt action rifles as the standard weapon for just the german side , still viable and fun . 
  maybe it 's console players not being able to handle low rate of fire but high accuracy with their controllers . 
  still , calling a game a ww1 game and completely ignoring the main armament of all sides is just shifty . 
  this is like making a medieval game and removing all swords and spears . 
  as a bit of a history nerd it really saddens me that a quite large part of todays youth will get most of their information on ww1 from this game . 
  just another mass-market product who does n't dare to stray too far from the old cod mp shooter formula . 
  no need to provide proof of sufficient funds for student visas in austria ? 
  for those that missed it : there will be no bolt action rifles , except one sniper rifle . 
  everyone will be running around with smgs , shotguns and hmgs gunning and running like in every other modern bf game . 
  really sad that they did not dare to make a real ww1 game , they just reskinned the latest bf with old uniforms and called it a day . 
  you are too young , most likely . 
  the numbers of the `` occupation force '' have extremely dwindled , especially after the soviets collapsed . 
  the troops left , but the stereotypes stayed and are passed on . 
  you sure ? 
  that german law is a direct implementation of an eu directive . 
  having to suffer 4 different neighbors mowing their lawn every sunday while i try to relax is even more stupid , though . 
  as long as you use a sythe . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/ger%c3%a4te-_und_maschinenl%c3%a4rmschutzverordnung ( before that , there was even a `` rasenm\u00e4herverordnung '' directly ! ), 
  it is about avoiding to attach the `` genocide '' label , as that might lead to legal claims . 
  still , everyone agrees that people were driven into the deserts to die and that was not okey . 
  my post was more about showing the two-faced nature of the german government , it 's fine to retroactively use laws , just not if it would cost us money . 
  the `` laws were not established back then '' - argument is used quite a lot by the turks as well . 
  ca n't find an english source with the reasoning right now . 
   germany has historically been implicated in another genocide , has owned up to it , transformed because of it and thus whatever it officially states about another genocide is very important , even revealing . 
  it is seen by some also as a step to show others to deal with coming to terms with the past . 
  fun fact : just a few years ago , germany refused to officially call the genocide in south-west africa genocide . 
  the reasoning was that the legal definition of `` genocide '' only came about in the late 40s . 
  meaning , they now did with the armenian genocide what they refused to do with their own first genocide . 
  where else can you build in those areas , though ? 
  and what are you going to do with all the non-syrians in the water ? 
  you 'd be surprised how organized the organized scum is . 
  there are designated milk-squads against pepperspray/tear gas . 
  vassalize some sucker next to other suckers first . 
  you can core land next to a vassal . 
  just attack some non-immediate neighbor . 
  stability is cheap as for natives . 
  same , but there is just no way to remove troublemakers like bosnia . 
  i would recommend setting a password for the lobby next time , though . 
  and post that password in the discord channel . 
  has the benefit of both keeping random tourists out and herding people into discord . 
  i would honestly prefer if you would stream as a player , not an observer .
