  he 's less conservative in principle , but has completely capitulated to the conservative back bench . 
  so he 's unique in australian political history as a pm in being a dissappintment to right wing , centre , and left wing australian voters . 
  currently if we had an election , it would be the biggest landslide election in australia 's federal political history in decades ( towards laboyr-the left ) . 
  stop crying woe is me , you are an eu citizen , which gives you do many opportunities , take advantage of them instead of complaining . 
  pretty much it 's 3:20 pm . 
  `` how about , why is your president trumble such a douche bag ? '', 
  edit : ( with love from germany , also add in that you think know fosters sucks ), 
  good try with a troll , not worth the effort though imo . 
  any objective reader could see through his comments . 
  if i was to put my money on who would find a way to benefit from a usa trade war against the world , i 'd be putting money on the chinese before anyone else . 
  yet again , that is probably more short term good news for australia aswell . 
  china , and anyone else wise enough to gain from a trade war from the two main western powers . 
  retreat the 50,000 army !, 
  why is it en either or for australia ? 
  we have good relationships with lots of countries , a good relationship with the uk does n't mean we ca n't have a good relationship with ireland and the eu aswell . 
  same thing happened with australia after he hung up on ` president trumble ' , i ca n't beleive the american presidency has been reduced to this . 
  india has its own culture !, 
  languages and religions and history distinct from the uk . 
  where as we do n't in aus/nz/can , atleast not in the same way . 
  but sure , call them racist if that makes you feel better about brexit . 
   even though we lose more often than not lest ye forget . 
   and have n't all your ` english speaking partners ' come out and stated that they are not interested in rushing a deal with the uk and were more focused on the eu ? 
  not really , we 've all made strong statements in support of creating a trade deal as quickly as possible with the uk . 
  yrope first , everyone else second , am i right ? 
  or prehaps there are some deep enduring bonds between the anglosphere countries , from all the related people , same language , shared history and politics ... nah , just about imperial hangover . 
  they introduced a new option for that event with most new major dlcs i think . 
  the sacrificing option was introduced with the ` el dorado ' dlc . 
  to be fair , the anti british circle jerk on this sub is pretty obvious . 
  feels like home . 
  i dare you to google it . 
  the beating will continue until moral improves !, 
  pineapple on pizza is the most popular in australia , i think this sounds like a declaration of war . 
  prepare your emu defences iceland , you have been warned . 
  good point , thanks for asking  well from the australian perspective , we had the first western world leader to visit china when it was still communist . 
  http://www.whitlam.org/gough_whitlam/china and currently , they by far are our largest trading partner . 
  europeans tend to look at china as some new emerging power . 
  but they went from about 3 % of the worlds economy in 1990 , to almost over europe in nominal gdp , and greater in ppp . 
  the thing is with australia , we have had because and causing this relationship a long history with immigration and a political relationship with china . 
  similar to the indian relationship with britain . 
  ( similar time zones , even though geographically it 's a similar distance to europe from china as it is to australia ) . 
  so the fact that we have gotten to a point where china makes up a third of our trade , and the eu and us combined is about 10 % , means that we have had to become more integrated with china . 
  but unlike other countries ( as bad as this sounds ) australian foreign policy since federation had been about the fear of the ` yellow peril ' ( just google that phrase + australia ) . 
  which is combined that the only invasion/combat force in australia has ever had were emus and the japanese bombing of darwin and surrounding areas in ww2 ( that 's how far they got in ww2 , something many europeans do n't understand ) . 
  thing is though , alot of early chinese migration out of china was at the start of china from their southern regions , the canton regions ( in the 1930s at the latest when it was easier ) , and it 's only recent that it 's diversified to the rest of china . 
  that 's why you see in chinese migrant communities in the west that cantonese ( only 80 million speakers ) is on par with mandarin speakers ( over a billion ) . 
  when you speak about china , a better analogy for europe is a roman empire that continued , with everyone speaking latin as their second language in europe . 
  it is n't accurate to think of them as the one group . 
  it 's adorable how little europeans understand china . 
  there are dozens of them , dozens !, 
  because it 's rather relaxing `` thank god i 'm not american '' , i get the same feeling from watching fox news . 
  it 's weird that australia ranks higher than any eu country bar luxumberg and the netherlands , really shows the lost decade of growth the eu had post 2008 that we were lucky enough to miss out on . 
  woosh, 
  [ * goes and cries in corner * `` atleast i do n't have aids !, 
  [ my dicks the hugest mate . 
  high energy !, 
  ] ( https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/au/us ), 
  shaza ? 
  just buy her a drink and she 'll calm down . 
  * comment still buffering *, 
   i often amuse myself at people outside of eu asking whether it is safe right now to walk in `` europe '' like it would be a cesspool of crime and terrorism while it is the safest continent by far . 
  to be fair ( and needlessly pedantic ) the safest continent is obviously australia , followed by europe ( lack of any ongoing wars for one thing ) . 
  generation z is more right wing than milenials as a result of all this . 
  it 's basically everything is the fault of the usa , always , regardless of what the usa does . 
  to be fair , a workforce participation rate of 60 % is normal , australia 's workforce participation rate is 64 % . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/australia/labor-force-participation-rate and swedens is only 65 % http://www.tradingeconomics.com/sweden/labor-force-participation-rate, 
  i thought that would clearly be the vatican after all the child sex abuse scandals coming to light ? 
  i was so shocked at the ethnic divide between just liljeholmen and s\u00f6dermalm in stockholm . 
  i really wanted to make some san choi bao , and did some googling and found out that there was a good chinese supermarket there , but i was so shocked that just one metro station out of inner stockholm it went from almost completely white to me being the only white person i could see . 
  so different to australian cities , where out inner areas are so much more mixed . 
   yes they still believe it . 
  do all christians read the bible ? 
  well yes , i do n't know a single person that considers themselves christian that has n't rees the bible here in australia . 
  * cries in french * can i get asylum now ? 
  so corbyn and his 12 supporters then ? 
  we are currently less than 6 months off the worlds longest record without a recession and it does n't seem like we will have one anytime soon , so we 're doing something right . 
  the 2008 gfc was just a 3 month issue in australia , we were in a good position at the time though with near no government debt so it was easy for us to take on more for stimulus spending . 
  [ our treasurer that oversaw it also was named the worlds best treasurer . 
  ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2011-09-21/swan-named-best-treasurer/2908654 ), 
  yes , but `` got busted for kidnapping a child in lebanon '' not a very accurate summary of events . 
  here is a better one : `` brisbane mother sally faulkner reveals in detail , for the first time , the story behind a desperate attempt to get her children back from beirut , which landed her in jail along with a 60 minutes crew and a child recovery team . '', 
  what is that small green circle in kazakhstan meant to be ? 
  it 's not the capital . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/european-union/gdp the eus gdp is still 15 % lower than in 2008 . 
  well technically she was australian , so a kind of german . 
  it 's about $ 2100/month in australia , and the tax free threshold is $ 18,000 / year and then it 's 9.7 % . 
  ( min wage is about $ 35,000 / year ) . 
  low wage earners in australia get more towards their pension by their employer than they pay in tax , and we have universal healthcare . 
  compared to the hundreds of thousands of of dead from resisting decolonisation by the french or portugese , yes , it 's alot better . 
  and says alot about british decolonisation when their empire was significantly larger than anyone else 's at that period . 
  so basically the same as australia . 
  no mall checks in australia , but at museums they make you put a bag into cloak check and any sort of concert they have done a bag check for probably decades ( mainly to stop people bringing in alcohol and not paying their insane prices though  ) . 
  so a non story with the bag checks then . 
  the police ca n't randomly stop you on the street to check your bag though i assume . 
  our of curiosity , where are these bag searches taking place ? 
  the europeans clearly have even less of an idea about the empire and how and why it ended than the modern british to be fair . 
  the british decolonisation was unique compared to france and portugal in that there were n't any colonial wars for independence . 
  they freely gave it up , and do n't want it back ( any nobody else wants back in anyway ) . 
   after two officers were seriously injured in a petrol bomb attack during a routine surveillance job in an area south of paris at the weekend . 
  yep , the british migrants in australia that make up a large amount of that number are from before the eu resembled anything even close to its current form . 
  to be fair , they only use the simplified form , not the traditional .
