  we just had wage growth of 1.9 % and its the lowest on record . 
  so with this extra money , you can travel to south east asia which is pretty fun to visit regardless of what you like , it has mega cities that europe ca n't rival in size and amazing wildernesses . 
  i spent july in malaysia and the philippines , two weeks in borneo in villages and the jungle and then 2 weeks in the centre of manilla with its 15 + million population and all the fun of a 24/7 city . 
   i want a city that is historic and beautiful with a variety of cultures and has four seasons , while being in close proximity to other interesting places and countries with limited travel restriction . 
  cleanliness and public transport are important as well as i have no desire to drive or learning how to drive . 
  but from what you described , you simply wo n't get it in australia , our population is too small :( [ but i do like when i drive home to sydney from melbourne and stop off at jervis bay for the weekend on the way  ] ( https://www.google.com.au/search?q=jervis+bay&amp;client=ms-android-samsung&amp;prmd=minv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjtyfm6msvqahujkgmkhrgscceq_auiccgc&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=560 ) also sorry for australian tv being annoyingly popular over there , we all find it really weird that the brits tend to like our b grade barely watched soap operas . 
  to be fair , its really a european and american recession crisis . 
  to be fair , would n't going to europe not be a particularly good way to find out if europeans are respected around the world ? 
  as all the people one would ask , by definition , are n't in europe . 
  https://www.lonelyplanet.com/moldova/travel-tips-and-articles/77774 to be fair , it does have a certain off the beaten track charm to it . 
  our country is big , but its kind of empty of things to see . 
  triple the land mass with just a 5 % increase in population . 
  to be fair , finnish is really really ridiculously complicated , has a huge number of dialects , and is spoken by less than half the metropolitan area of london , and pretty much any fin out of a nursing home speaks english . 
  so if they are n't intending to stay , then learning the language could be seen as a waste of time compared to actually enjoying finnish culture . 
  yet again , i did highschool exchange to finland for a year a while ago and i just do n't see how people can get the culture without the language . 
  this is an opinion piece by one australian journalist . 
  look , i can be as proud of my country as the next guy , but stating :  a source such as the sidney morning herald satisfies the encyclopedic requirement you 're kind of implying that our opinion peice should be taken as fact , and considering we are all shit posters , that 's taking a bit of a risk . 
  stockholms luz is just over 2 million https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/larger_urban_zone, 
  well everyone should have a hobby . 
  interesting , it 's like the 2008 crisis did n't hit poland at all , any poles want to give some extra info ? 
  yep , there is a minority in most commonwealth countries that speak english as their first language and do n't have any european ancestry . 
  anti british propaganda !, 
   uk news media more like rupert murdochs news corp. 
  arent meps elected by the voters and not appointed by the governments ? 
  its actually deceptively easier to learn than it seems , the grammar while complex pretty much has no exceptions to its rules , there is no gender to remember and it 's 100 % phonetic making it easy to practice ones terrible understanding of the grammar . 
  you 're right , i just could n't help but make a bad joke . 
  most deffinately , a german controlled europe after ww1 would have been a complete disaster geopolitically for the world . 
  the usa withdrawing from east asia would be a geopolitical disaster that would force at the very least , australia japan and south korea to go nuclear . 
  no one but expansionist china wants the usa out . 
  one would expect housing to increase at a higher rate than inflation ( especially in a capital ) . 
  its a limited resources with a premium value . 
  but the relative cost of other goods and services will plummet with rising wages . 
  washing machines/dryers/computers would be completely unaffordable on the $ 28/month mentioned earlier . 
  what do you think they are , swedish ? 
  it has a different culture to / r/r europe in my opinion . 
  whenever someone makes makes an even slightly controversial claim here and does n't provide sources they are downvoted to oblivion ( as i think they should be for being lazy ) , where as on / r/worldnews its ... 
  i 'm not sure of the best way to describe it but ` click baity outrage ' is a good metaphor , anyway they just get sent to the top comment . 
  in a way it 's an interesting mirror of the fact/evidence based european political style vs the outrage identify politics style of debate in the usa . 
  i 'm probably reading too much into it though . 
  in / r/australia it 's usually more a devils advocate style debate which is what made me first notice the different style of debate in / r/europe and / r/worldnews . 
  it also makes it easy to spot the seppos from the donald in australias sub as they do n't debate issues the same way as us . 
   australia is quietly poisoning the great barrier reef and violating the rights of boat migrants this year . 
  lol its ocean acidification , along with more pronounced la ninas and el ninos making the waters temp range too wide that 's destroying the great barrier reef . 
  we are n't doing anything about all the co2 in the atmosphere , but we are n't responsible for the great barrier reef dying , every human is . 
  but our continent is so large and so de-populated , it actually sequesters almost all our co2 output , the side benefit of being only 24 million people in an area almost twice the size of the eu . 
  they arent migrants , they are refugees so its even mote morally reprehensible . 
  but atleast with actually dealing with border security we are n't leading to the rise of right wing popularism . 
   new zealand and canada are the only sane ones left . 
  i blame quebec and the maori for injecting sanity into those anglotropes . 
  in hindsite , it seems we had our trump moment with abbot and not our bush moment . 
  lucky for us he did n't control the senate though and could n't get anything done , rather different to the orange fever . 
  i 'm surprised australia is so low especially to many european countries for private funding of healthcare , when about 50 % of us have private health insurance . 
  you 're right , when i quickly read through it for formatting issues i just assumed that was a typo in the article and fixed it . 
  i 'll leave it as is to proudly own my stupid mistake . 
  this is why politicians should never weigh in on foreign elections , especially allies and super powers . 
   last month schreiber received hateful comments and was targeted for identity theft after publishing an article where she called out political groups for not inviting jewish organizations to ceremonies across sweden commemorating kristallnacht , or `` the night of broken glass , '' when violent anti-jewish programs erupted throughout nazi germany and austria in november 1938 . 
   when questioned , one of the organizers claimed jews might not feel safe at the event . 
  well that 's not particularly good . 
  lian vaikea for me , and `` suomi '' is one of the few irregular words in finnish :p also in australian english due to our mumble our vowelstend to converge , which makes it hard to remember which finnish vowel to use ( as you have more ) . 
  just think of us as another country to give the brits 0 points, 
  ( its been ages since i spoke finnish , so i probably fucked up ), 
  one of the cool things about common law is that we can site case decisions between countries of there are similar laws , i.e. 
  if canada has a similar law to australia lawyers can quote that decision in court ? 
  furthermore , common-law trained lawyers can work in any other common law country , my cousin worked in london for three years doing this before coming home . 
  british democracy is older than pretty much every europrean nation state , what are you talking about ? 
  were coming back in 2017 though :d, 
  you do realise that is the same logic that is used to not act on climate change ? 
  but wo n't europe loose as a whole ? 
  are we looking at a situation where le pen might win because the other options are n't palatable enough ? 
  we do n't really have anything like that in australia ( we did n't loose a bunch of our infrastructure to bombs in ww2 after all ) , i would be curious if the other western non european countries do as well . 
  well there are over 300 million of them, 
  if the eu could be brought down by something a buffoon such as farrage , then it has much bigger fish to fry . 
   2nd world country ... the cold war is over and there are n't any communists left really ... 
  one name : donald trump, 
   during his own trip to australia in 2013 , boris johnson argued that when we joined the common market , we in effect `` betrayed our relationships with commonwealth countries such as australia and new zealand '' . 
  very true, 
  yep , just like australia a few years ago . 
  the last state to legalise homosexuality was tasmania in 1993 ( it went to the un court on human rights ) . 
   but do n't expect to be able to normally walk holding hands or anything , especially in smaller cities . 
  i 'm gay and had things thrown from cars at me in sydney 10 to 5 years ago , and nothing about me looks gay . 
  but things can change faster than one would expect . 
  no worries !, 
  i did exchange to finland a decade ago in highschool for a year learnt the language ( though my spelling is all off now days and i only speak it after a few drinks ) and have been back a dozen times , also did my undergraduate in denmark and learnt danish and swedish ( i gave up on the impossible pronunciation of danish and switched to swedish in malmo which weirdly helped me alot with danish pronouncation more than anything in denmark , apparently i have an aussie `` a '' pronunciation and i ca n't switch to the variations that exist in the nordic languages ) , so i like to keep tabs on the happenings in europe because it effects so many of my friends . 
  i 've actually for my best friend visiting me from finland for christmas and we are taking a road trip up the east coast over christmas for a few weeks  . 
  i 'd also like australia to consider the possibility of aligning in some way with the eu so we can avoid the coming usa china confrontation that may happen in the next decade or two , so i 'm trying to follow how things work over there so i have an informed opinion , after all , it has the potential to be the third power in a multi-polar world . 
  5 years ago people would laugh at the concept ( i did ) , now days most people say yea maybe , cos we do n't want to be caught up in a despute between two world powers . 
  ( china is our main trade partner , usa is our defence alliance , so we are in an awkward spot ) . 
  also ukraine 2007 made me fall in love with eurovision , if there was any country we could come second to it 's ukraine so i was so pumped with that result !, 
  eurovision parties are a highlight ever year here all over the country , we just love a good party , it a a big thing ( and it happens at 6 am on a sunday morning to boot !, 
  you know what to do, 
  it 's interesting that we are having the same issue right now in australia ( our postal plebesite is next month ) . 
  but polls show about a 70 % support for same sex marriage . 
  do you think it 's romania being in the eu that has many countries with same sex marriage that makes this a topic of debate for romanians ? 
  i 've been told by romanians in the past that telling your parents you smoke ciggies is a much smaller issue than saying you are gay , where in australia it 's the reverse ( now , probably not 10 years ago , and definitely not 20 years ago ) . 
  can relate . 
  the australian sub is going through a home pics of aussie birds version right now . 
  i have n't got a good pic . 
   and of course , daily shelling is east . 
  i ca n't even begin to imagine what it would be like to have that happen while normal things like a head of the state railway is resigning . 
  what is it like ?
