  in much happier with selecting those to help from the unhcr refugee camps as we have been doing for decades , spending our money to maintain our rank as the highest per capita resettler of refugges , these people have no options and are grateful and have caused no problems for us . 
  english as a second language, 
  and now i 'm a republican, 
  now now , there is no need to get angry at the kiwis , there are plenty of sheep to share my welsh friend . 
   with the exception of `` old '' and `` stagnated '' , the eu is actually doing rather well on all the metrics you mentioned , compared to the rest of the world . 
  it helps when there are only 4 or so developed countries outside the eu , brings down the average . 
  when you compared against the developed work outside the eu , its not looking so rosy ( not bad , i just dont know what your plan is for when chinas debt bubble pops ) . 
  kids seem to pick up english pretty fast when thrown into a classroom in australia without any english , i dont see why it would be any different in greece . 
  its an easy language for kids to pick up via osmosis . 
  well we have a 10 % vat in australia and we usually find everything cheaper in the uk . 
  shockingly enough businesses will charge what the customer will pay . 
  filthy casuals, 
  i highly doubt the british will have to apply for a visa and it will be just like when i fly to europe and get an automatic visa when i arrive . 
  nauru , christmas island and in papua new guinea aswell . 
  nothing much happens in nz or aus , were in the middle of no where , no economic crisis , nothing like russian breathing down our necks . 
  what a weird thing to say , its not like nz is saying shut the door to europe . 
  weapons of deterrence only work if you at the very least , have the rhetoric to say that you 'll use them . 
  if nukes are off the table then they end being useful as weapons of deterance . 
  oh god , dont tell the europeans about the nz private garden ban to protect their agricultural industry . 
  they think we are crazy enough as it is . 
  i feel like we failed as a country , a succesfull person from nz we did n't trick the world into believing is australian ? 
  this country is going to the dogs ... 
  hitch hiking , and hence also the murder of hitch hikers ... 
  yea but his tag says italy , so i thought i would ask about southern europe . 
  you bloody southern racist , ruining night time fun is an essential part of our culture !, 
  well in nz and australia , we do n't really care about france that much to be honest , it 's a country on the other-side of the world with nice food and wine . 
  do n't get me wrong , we have postive views on the whole , but france is n't a country high on our priorities list as kiwis and australians . 
  [ the 30 years of nuclear bomb testing on our door step did n't do you any favours though . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moruroa ) . 
  i can still remember how angry my parents were over this when i was young . 
  `` this practice created much controversy as cracking of the atolls was discovered , resulting in fears that the radioactive material trapped under the atolls would eventually escape and contaminate the surrounding ocean and neighbouring atolls . '', 
  if anything , you should be surprised that we like you at all after poisoning our region with nuclear radiation . 
  [ honestly though , i ca n't find a negative french story in our press ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/search?text=france&amp;by=relevance ) . 
  it sounds like this generalisation you have about the anglophone sphere hating the french is just a projection as opposed to being real . 
  of god if nz joined , australia and nz would both have multi million eurovision budgets to out compete each other . 
  id put money on either of us having the biggest spend for eurovision in history if we were both allowed in . 
  id guess you 're more likely to have missed some dry nz humour in that article more than anything else . 
  europeans often mistake antipodean humour . 
  when im trekking i budget about 4km/hr , but thats not taking it fast and on winding path , and usually hilly while wearing a heavy back pack . 
  does the `` spoiled millennial '' trop exist in southern europe ? 
  after all the baby bombers did destroy the economy which has lead to such high rates of youth unemployment there , so i would have assumed that the stereotype would n't be as prevalent . 
  oh god , i wish there was a daily telegraph article about that ; it would be so funny to read the comments ` do i hate on the muslims or some smelly foreigners telling us what we can and ca n't do ' l classic . 
  well yea , we 're a federation of british colonies . 
  you would too if you had victoria just below you !, 
  its a hipster invasion !, 
  #buildthemurrydarlingbanks 10mhigher . 
  on a serious note , yea we have bio-sevurity borders to prevent invasion of foreign pests/insects/diseases at airports . 
  fruit flys are n't found in the south , so i technically ca n't bring fruit on the plane between sydney and melbourne . 
  there is n't any border checks on the highways between qld , nsw or vic from my experience , so i guess this is just a western australian thing . 
  ill let you know after my road trip from perth to sydney later this year . 
  i dont know about nz but hitchhiking is n't a thing at all on australia , it was made illegal in a few states after this serial killer went and killed a bunch of backpackers . 
  it still happens sometimes , but very rarely . 
  stealing is n't even vaguely acceptable in the antipodes , and id advise you not to do it if you come down under otherwise shazza will kick you up the cunt . 
  sensationalist bullshit , i 've never heard about it before . 
  but i live on the east coast , and could n't care less about shoplifters 4000 km away from me . 
  edit : [ 4,500 km away from me . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com.au/maps/dir/melbourne+vic/exmouth+wa+6707/@-29.5807833,120.2975616,5z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x6ad646b5d2ba4df7:0x4045675218ccd90!2m2!1d144.9630576!2d-37.8136276!1m5!1m1!1s0x2bfeb4e5d2d4916d:0x400f6382479cbf0!2m2!1d114.1313015!2d-21.9445261!3e0 ), 
  i feel like i can very confidently say that a sign put up in a regional town supermarket does n't equate to all australians having a negative view of the french . 
  if anything , we tend to romanticise french culture more than anything else . 
  well to be fair , i ca n't actually find any negative press about france in australian press . 
   anglo-saxons to be fair though , no-one considers themselves as ` anglosaxon ' in australia nz or canada or the usa , and to a lesser extent the uk besides hardcore racial supremacists . 
  we 've all moved onto civic nationalism a long long time ago . 
   you do n't see that in france towards anglo-saxons . 
  you probably do , but no-one besides the french read french media and so no-ones calling it out . 
  the only way we are all hearing about what sarkozy said is an american newspaper , and not a french one . 
  it 's a long anglosaxon tradition , you see similar editorials and articles about france in australian and kiwi press as well . 
   joke 's on you , russia !, 
  you only have enough from your revenues for ~ ~ estonia ~ ~ briefly autonomous west russia . 
  would n't it be better to spend the money on some sort of ` investment ' style travel . 
  australian uni students get up to $ 6000 to do a semester overseas in east asia . 
  whats the return on investment of giving 18 year olds euro-rail passes . 
  yet again , i think this is an awesome proposal with unquantifiable awesome cultural impact . 
  [ conversely , you have id cards ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australia_card ), 
  the new zealand and australian approach of legalisation are largely judged to be a success . 
  [ the review committee also tasked the christchurch school of medicine ( csm ) with carrying out an independent review . 
  quantitative and qualitative methods found that over 90 percent of sex workers believed the pra gave them employment , legal and health and safety rights . 
  a substantial 64 percent found it easier to refuse clients . 
  significantly , 57 percent said police attitudes to sex workers changed for the better . 
  ] ( https://www.opendemocracy.net/beyondslavery/fraser-crichton/decriminalising-sex-work-in-new-zealand-its-history-and-impact ), 
  everyone knows that finland is just a japanese urban legend . 
  you can tell by the lack of beer bottles in their hands, 
  and the head of the commonwealth is the european union , consisting of scotland and east london . 
  i had no idea , but that 's great that were offering to help . 
  thanks for letting me know mate . 
  brexit is good for us though ... we can now create a free trade deal with the uk . 
  it 's all done by consultants and private sector employees today mate , i 'm sure the brits can afford them . 
  do n't be silly , i 'm an australian and a very proud commonwealth citizen . 
  in australia and new zealand we call them capsicums ... 
  no , i think well avoid the european solution to minorities we do n't like . 
  which part of it is terrible in your opinion out of curiosity ? 
  the reality is we would never tolerate something like the calais jungle taking place in australia , it 's some third world level of wtf from our perspective . 
  do n't forget nz , 
  why the need for border controls , you know exactly where a few thousand illegal immigrants are now , go clean that mess up and then we can talk about border controls . 
  that happens in every country , the difference is that we all consume american media and speak english . 
   are also taking in refugees from these camps as canada does [ that is simply not true , the only countries that are resettling refugees are [ norway , sweden , denmark and the uk ] ( http://www.aph.gov.au/about_parliament/parliamentary_departments/parliamentary_library/pubs/rp/rp1415/refugeeresettlement ) . 
  in-fact [ germany ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/protection/resettlement/5162b3bc9/unhcr-resettlement-handbook-country-chapter-germany.html?query=germany ) and france only joined the program a few years ago with a resettlement total of a few hundred a year , and no other country in europe resettles refugees . 
  the millions of refugees in camps have been ignored by europe for decades until people started walking over the borders last year , and now you 're just getting men that have the money to pay for people smugglers and ignoring the helpless in the camps . 
  is it confirmed that the nauru government will let the danish politicians visit the refugee centres ? 
  [ they have banned some of our greens politicians from visiting ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/political-news/nauru-bans-greens-senator-sarah-hansonyoung-from-visiting-refugees-20160824-gr05oh.html ) , along with any [ foreign journalists along with many others . 
  ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/political-news/humiliated-nauru-government-lashes-out-at-australian-media-following-election-win-20160713-gq5bhu.html ) good on them for going and checking it out , maybe they 'll get the answers that we australians are n't getting from our government about what 's going on there .
