  yet another thing we can beat the brits at ), 
  so lots of surprise butt sex ? 
  the greeks should definitely annex then . 
  i do notice that the controversial tab of this sub contains anything anti russia , so perhaps there are some brexiters that are as avid as the putin bots , but i doubt they care that much . 
  also their pipes were made from lead , which is n't so good for rational thinking . 
  c'mon google its current year, 
  goodbye and thanks for all the fish ? 
  2017 confirmed end of the world . 
  the same demographics that are crossing your borders are the the same demographics crossing our borders , they travel all the way to indonesia . 
  half the worlds population lives in the circle of south east asia , india and china , and we are just 24 million people and capable of securing our borders . 
  as the article states , you are looking for excuses not solutions . 
  indonesia is 280 million people . 
  to be fair , just think about how often you use your smart phone to look up information , this was completely unavailable 10 or so years age , and it 's not long until we have smart glasses and then contacts to pull up extra information when we need it . 
  we already have upgraded our access to information dramatically . 
  long live the lizard !, 
  ` alot ' is just a common misspelling of ' a lot ' . 
  but the north and south of italy are also in a fiscal union . 
  it was still 2016 in the usa i think ? 
  i feel like i arrived too late to some good trolling now , wish they had n't been deleted . 
  dude , paz britania was a thing , which is what op referenced . 
  do n't be revisionist . 
  for australian polls it 's required to be about 2000 people polled for an error margin of 2 % , ( for 24 million ) , so i guess it 's largely accurate for the countries listed with an error margin up to 4 % . 
  though polls are different in australia due to compulsory voting and he resultanted 95 % voter turn out . 
  yep , via a ferry . 
  i find that narrative absolutely disgusting , and it makes me happy that australia has had compulsory voting since 1922 and had 95 % + voter turn out at every election since . 
  yet despite our challenge of everyone voting , we have the highest median wealth in the world and 26 years without a recession . 
  you call that a knife ? 
  this is a knife !, 
   have you seen what 's happening in russia today ? 
  i 've never seen such poverty in my life yea , my sister in law is russian and i spent a few weeks there last year seeing st petersburg and her hometown , every building looked like it was falling a part , it was tragic . 
  they we 're in much worse conditions than the villages in east malaysia i spent some time in this year with ewb engineers without boarders . 
  some australian historians call the first few decades of australian colonisation in sydney a successful version of communism . 
  everything was run by the military ( the military ran the early days of the sydney colony ) , there was no money , and everyone 's needs ( i.e. 
  housing , food , work ) were controlled by the military . 
  its obviously a bogus comparison , as it was a tiny population in a harsh climate , and within a few years the convicts had figured out how to make ferment local things into alcohol ( in an attempt to make rum ) which turned into the local currency anyway . 
  ( which is why ` grog ' came to mean any alcoholic beverage in australian english ) , which ended state controlled enterprises and led to the adoption of a real currency . 
  but if there is any example of succesful communism , its generally the early days of any colony as everything is organised from the top down . 
  it 's not a model to successfully run anything approaching a modern economy . 
  most westerners have no idea what life was like in the ussr . 
  more or less , both sides resort to hyperbole and rewriting history , which only ever gets met by rolled eyes by aussies , so i find it 's best to just ignore the whole issue . 
  but they are very loud groups that talk about it . 
   yes , and we technically never invaded canada , australia or new zealand either , because they were n't countries when we arrived . 
  the debate on whether australia was settled in 1788 or invaded is one of the biggest pointless debates in australia 's modern culture wars btw . 
  australia day is the 26th of january and marks the first fleets arrival , but now many people call it invasion day as it led to aborigionals loosing the stwedardship of their land . 
  but besides that , there were periods when the british sent in troops to squash rebellions ( i.e. 
  eureka stockade riots ) which perhaps could be counted as an invasion ? 
  but that 's really stretching it . 
  betonia pm !, 
  its the eu that is refusing to discuss the issue of residency for people currently living in the others duristiction , playing politics with 4.5 million lives !, 
  it 's unbelievable !, 
  it 's called the 5 eyes program . 
  serbia , europes texas / s, 
  to be fair , the government campaigned against brexit , this is n't the outcome they wanted , so it makes sense to have as much time as they reasonable can to prepare for something as complicated as leaving the eu . 
  may has always said that she would activate article 50 in march and that has n't changed . 
  cameron saying that he would activate article 50 straight away ( without an obvious plan ) was a tactic to discourage people voting for brexit . 
  pot meet kettle . 
  something something first nation people . 
  it 's interesting that the `` makes no difference '' is by far the largest category , and eu citizens are the most likely to say `` makes no difference '' in most of the questions asked . 
  i dont think i 've seen any of my cousins sober in 5 years . 
  what if i 'm a mix of aboriginal , irish and english though ? 
  do i have to take a potato from myself , give it to myself , and then forward it to myself ? 
  potato maths is hard , where is a latvian when you need one ? 
  my ancestors were forced out of ireland because of those potato farmers , does that mean i deserve some money from the english now ? 
  i 'd say rupert murdoch played a pretty big roll in encouraging euroscepticism in the uk . 
  in both actually . 
  in before this thread gets deleted as local news . 
   so yeah , your prime minister was bought of by lobbyists , and it 's not like we 're having a pissing contest , but we objectively have it worse . 
  well to be fair , i do n't think anyone wants to win a pissing contest on who 's country is more corrupt . 
  but to be fair , in australia we should be a lot better at battling corruption as we are n't dealing with a transition from communism like romania ( as you outlined the challenges this presented in your post ) , with all the challenges that presents , and so we have no credibly explanation for our situation . 
  we 've had democracy for over a hundred years without any major ideological shift re : fascism/communism every occurring beyond the most minimal fringe groups . 
  but to name one instance , we are trying to build a romanian style fiber network in australia , which has become a political football ( the debate started in the 2007 election ) and it 's led to it blowing up in cost from about $ 30 billion , to today being about $ 50 billion and only being a fibre to the node and not the home ( as the origional $ 30 billion network was meant to be ) . 
  it will probably end up costing us closer to $ 100 billion and multiple switches of government . 
  i wo n't get into all the exact issue and challenges here , but there are many red cards which indicate the government is favouring the largest telecomunicatios companies ( telstra and optus ) , which all mps have shares in . 
  also to clarify , kevin rudd was n't bought by the mining industry ( recently , all the private donations came out and the mining lobby `` donated '' money to the opposition ) . 
  the mining just spent a lot more money on advertising and won the australian public over vs the governments minimum spending ( at a spending factor of 5:1 if memory serves ) . 
  he was the most recent prime minister we had that was n't in the pocket of big business or a faction in either of our major parties . 
  western democracy is n't perfect , but i think we can both agree it 's better for romania than being apart of the ussr/warsaw block ( i 'm honestly a bit confused about what the eastern european states should be labelled as for that period ) ? 
  these things make me jealous of europeans . 
  the 1967 refferendum was not about granting aboriginals citizenship , in-fact , aboriginals ( of both genders ) had voting rights as early as 1895 ( before any european nation granted universal suffrage , and more than half a century before many european countries ) when the state of sa introduced universal suffrage . 
  the 1967 referendum was extremely important for aboriginal people , but it was n't a referendum about voting rights or citizenship . 
   ... fact he is alluding to is that indigenous people in australia actually already had the right to the vote , and they had citizenship . 
   professor buckskin , chairman of the national aboriginal and torres strait islander higher education consortium , says perhaps portraying it otherwise was the price of passage . 
  http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2014/03/10/myths-persist-about-1967-referendum you clearly have no idea what you are talking about in the slightest , and your claims of racist are obviously unfounded and ludicrous . 
   over 50 % of the migrants in the uk today comes from old british colonies , and i 'm pretty sure that 's the migrant you do n't want more than the european ones . 
  so your criticism is that they do n't want a racially biased immigration system that gives reference to those born in europe ? 
  the only ways to migrate to australia are basically marry an aussie , or have a skill/qualification on out skills shortage list . 
  we literally hand pick them as vetting of their qualifications and experience has to be done by designated australian institutions . 
  this is the same process in the rest of the developed world , and the same process for anyone that wants to move to any wealth eu country afaik . 
  post on the / r/europemeta / thread i guess ? 
   what a shame that we will probably lose the best prime minister we ever had i 've had more prime ministers since i became a voter in 2007 ( 5 ... 
  i think ? ), 
  than i 've had jobs , if it makes you feel better romania bros , it happens everywhere . 
  our most popular prime minister according to the polls ( kevin rudd ) was rolled years ago ( he challenged the mining industry with a super profits tax ) and we have n't produced anything nearly as popular since . 
  long flights really are n't all that bad , and preferable to having a few hours lay over in the middle east and/or singapore , the trip usually takes at least 24 hours-30 hours anyway . 
  now you can just pop some sleeping pills and wake up refreshed on the other end . 
  australians are used to long flights when we travel , being in the middle of no where and all . 
  who is threatening his security ? 
  regular dutch people ? 
  dutch muslims ? 
  yea but pus are always easier to control than vassels .
