  it feels like half of this sub is just pushing the boundaries in the same shit post until the mods say enough !, 
  then it moves to the next shit post , it 's hilarious , i love it . 
  this is my favourite thread on this sub , i get to hear about things going on in all these european countries that i would never hear about otherwise !, 
  bless them, 
  i 'm from newcastle . 
  the second one is about the british newcastle . 
  it comes off like the british thinking they can play rugby . 
  cute , but wtf . 
  there are australian version of this copy pasta ? 
  shh !, 
  we 've been getting the nordic vote so far , do n't undermine marie 's work !, 
  i feel like australia should fall into the central and eastern european eurovision block when i read these this . 
  1000 times this !, 
  but seriously , he 's getting to the age that he just has sagging skin man tits . 
  fyi , you can see most deleted commets by replacing the `` r '' in the url with a `` c '' . 
  households includes non working people : children/students/pensioners / raging alcoholic ... etc. 
  if everyone was working full time , then yes , it would be closer to 100k . 
  it 's not a very effective metric to compare countries against , as some countries have more people on average living together than others . 
  ( i.e. 
  it 's around 2 for germany , and around 2.6 for the usa ) . 
  swedish version of significant other ( wife/husband/bf / gf ... etc ) . 
  this is correct , the unhcr has about 60 million refugees in refugee camps . 
  australia for example is the highest per capita in resettlement from these camps , and we send people into them that screen and determine who gets to be resettled . 
  i assume the uk has a similar process . 
  it 's usually a complete nuclear family , or a widow with young kids that gets selected . 
  it 's also up to the host country if they allow family re-unification and how many barriers they put in place for it . 
  well yes , the marriage act pre 2004 did not define gender of the partners , it was redefined through an act of parliament to have gender . 
  before it was changed at a federal level , states and territories could legislate for same sex marriage . 
  there was no conflict between the states and federation before marriage was defined at the federal level to be gender specific , and states/territories had the power to include same sex couples . 
  there is no way i can see america or anyone would care about australian spending habits at all , so even while australians have about 10 times gdp per capita depending on what the exchange rates are , why would anyone care about our spending habits ? 
  but this is a cultural difference i guess between russians and australians , australians do n't think we are anything special , so it 's hard to see what is objectively a terrible economy compared to us as , is anything special . 
   also , just to note : it does n't have priests -- as a merger of the presbyterian , methodist , and congregationalist churches , they just have ministers who are n't believed to be sacramentally ordained . 
  i 'n not a christian , so i was n't sure of the nomenclature , but what they have is the same role a priest would play in the catholic church , so on a multilingual forum about a swedish translation , i reckon priest is a good enough translation , while not being correct . 
  we do n't have same sex marriage in australia , what we do have is de facto laws that grant the same rights ( one of the side effects of bob browns challenge of tasmania 's anti gay law in 1995 ) . 
  the uniting church does have gay clergy , and some of them are do have de facto relationship status ( some of whom have cemented the relationship in marriage in nz/british consulates when applicable ) . 
  so while technically married , the marriage is n't recognized as such in australia . 
  its one of those issues where the states have pushed ahead , and given same sex couples the ability to register their relationships , as john howards redifinition of the marriage ace in 2004 ( where the marriage act was re-defined as between a man and a woman ) took the power away from states to grant their own same sex marriage laws ( look at the act having it for a few weeks for example ) . 
  the uniting church does provide celebrants for same sex ` commitment ceremonies ' , and does have gay ` clergy ' which is all they can do , but its the closest we get in australia , so i 'll count it and give credit where credit is due . 
  russia really is quite similar to australia and canada export profile wise ; heavily based on natural resources . 
  the thing about natural resources , they are highly elastic products , and it 's easy to switch providers . 
  if russia chooses to cut off it 's nose to spite it 's face and block it 's exports , the only result is a slightly higher average global price ( and with australia and canada together having a majority in most resource markets , it 's the usas allies that win from this scenario ) that makes previously barely economically viable resource extractions profitable . 
  there is nothing russia sells that other countries wo n't leap at the chance to sell . 
  it 's a topic that australians are deeply aware of , the lack of diversity in our exports is a major political issue that we find hard to deal with at a federal level and are n't because we currently do n't need to ( though that may change in the next two federal election cycles ) . 
  yet one of the side effects of having a continent to yourself in the middle of nowhere , nothing fully leaves the news radar as there is very little to fill it . 
  so the idea of russian sanctions look utterly ridiculous . 
  lol , the russian economy is the same size as australias . 
  russia has a huge military power due to do it 's nukes , but it 's economic power is at best middle power status and not globally relevant . 
  yea , the uniting church in australia has lesbian and gay married priests . 
  well that settles it . 
  yes i 'm sure brits are moving here for the racism ... way to slander a whole people mate . 
  the olympics are n't covered by public tv in denmark ? 
  that does explain why that drunk dane was trying to make me take a test on his phone last week when i said i had 5 siblings , til it 's just the modern day version of viking raids . 
  \u00bf \u0287un\u0254 \u0287\u0250\u0265\u028d \u0183u\u1d09\u029e\u0254n\u025f, 
  surely there is something in eu legislation about consuming as much french cheese as humanely possible . 
  if not , then i finally understand brexit . 
  can i get belgian fries with that ? 
  but seriously , please . 
   uk does more trade with the republic of ireland than it does with brazil , russia , india and china combined this is more the effect of being in a customs union that limits trade outside of it though , the eu does n't have free trade deals with any of the above mentioned , and is actively sanctioning one of them . 
  if the uk had never joined the eu , then its trade with the rest of the world would likely have a very different profile than it does now . 
  for one , australia and nz almost entirely relied on exports to the uk before it joined the eu , when it did , tariffs went up and trade went down , and we were forced to diversity due to the the recession uk joining caused . 
  not that i think the uk is making a good move economically , it 's just not a fair comparison to make without acknowledging the effects of decades of being in a customs union has on a countries trade profile . 
   1.400 asylum seeker in detention centers arrived there . 
  they came before the current turnback solution , and what happens with them is a giant headache for the government . 
  the current solution is some sort of refugee swap with the usa , where we take in some of the refugees they pay for and house in central america , and they take ours from nauru . 
  it costs so much because the government set it up overnight with no tendering and just threw money at the problem , so it costs around $ 450,000 for each refugee per year . 
  it will go down in history as the biggest example of government waste in australian history . 
  considering that italy/eu would n't be reacting overnight to this by setting up a detention centre 1000s of km away from anywhere , they could probably be a bit more efficient with their spending , also you have to be as you have high government debt where we have low government debt , so you do n't have the money to burn . 
   i have no idea where we could build those offshore facilities . 
  pay one of the north african countries to house any refugees in large scale refugee camps , as soon as getting on a boat to italy does n't mean free access to all of europe , the numbers will drop , as you will be getting refugees and not economic migrants as well . 
  it would also be a lot cheaper to do it this way . 
  there are only two options in the end , open or closed borders , and its only a matter of time before closed borders will be demanded by the electorate . 
  in the end , the un has a resettlement program for its 60 million refugees in camps all around the world , italy could always us the un to select its refugees over north african people smugglers . 
  [ italy only resettled 500 or so last year ] ( http://rsq.unhcr.org/#1dch ) , where as australia has the highest resettlement rate per capita . 
   anyone that takes a look at a map should how reaching italy is much more easy than going from vietnam to australia , or even worse , sri lanka . 
  australia has several island territories that are closer to indonesia than mainland australia btw . 
  they do n't take boats to mainland australia , they take it to our island territory of christmas island ( only 350 km from indonesia ) . 
  also between png and australia it is just 160km with an average depth of about 5m ( the countries were connected in the last ice age ) no one is going to take a boat from the philippines , that would be like starting from ghana by boat to get to italy . 
  they get themselves to indonesia by plane , pay $ 5k for a people smuggler , get turned back by the indonesian or australian navy , and then end up returning home or staying in indonesia . 
  but the flow has stopped , and we hav n't had anyone arrive in 3 years . 
  indonesia and png let us do that because of foreign aid/donations/building of schools and hospitals , that officially is not at all linked to turning back boats to their countries . 
  we also have a far superior navy and do n't care if indonesia says no . 
  what are you talking about , it 's literally been years since a people snuggling boat has arrived in australia . 
  they know they wo n't get asylum in australia , so they do n't come by boat anymore , and the few that still try get turned back to indonesia . 
  its ' called civic nationalism , and it 's whats practiced in countries like aus , nz , can and the usa where 99 % of the population has an immigrant ancestry background . 
   australia has countries that it can build processing centres in . 
  we do n't own the country of nauru . 
  what we do have is much poorer countries around us that we can pay what for them is alot of money . 
  there are also poor countries around the eu that you could do the same thing with . 
  i think they are referring to ww2 , when the weimar republic collapsed to naziism . 
  ( and other changes in governance related to the 1930s great depression ) . 
  well i guess i ca n't relate the the liking my country thing as a main motive in the same way , australia is huge and in the middle of nowhere . 
  `` the tyrrany of distance '' as we call it . 
  but when i was living in europe and visited my cousin working in london , she told me the most heart breaking story about how her nice put a neclace around the laptop monitor at christmas because that 's what she thought her cousin was . 
  when my brothers started having pregnancies , i moved back to aus cos i know i could n't stand the thought of going through something like that . 
  but in the eu , the distance are n't as large is all . 
  [ you 're terrible shoryukenist ] ( https://youtu.be/xm_7flkrs4y ), 
  well i have no idea on wether they would have been successful , but considering the zeitgeist of grab as much clay ( i am guessing , but it was well before the scramble for africa period ) , european powers would probably have tries to invade or conquor . 
  to be fair , the american revolution had many positive effects on australian colonisation by tbe british i.e. 
  we were colonised because the british could no longer send their convicts to the usa and so sent them here , it also led to a very hands off approach to management of the colonies ( and if you have read david hunts hilarious books , perhaps too hands off considering the antics we got up to ) , though this was probably due to the 6 months travel time , but some historians describe it as lessons learnt . 
  canadians probably have a better perspective on this .
