in the journalist defence , the report does clearly state on page 6 `` russia has fallen the most in europe russia is the worst performing country in europe this year , falling seven places on the prosperity index to 68th . '', 
  and australia is # 1 in education , which makes no sense , we 're not terrible but i ca n't see how we come first . 
  no thanks . 
  we 've paid our time with the uk thinking they are the big players and get to call the shots in our world , you took em , now you keep em . 
  the eu using english as it 's lingua franca and not having the uk in it will be hilarious to watch and contemplate from afar . 
  the graphic clearly states that the difference between greek and dutch is greater than 71 % , but the difference between dutch and german is less than 25 % . 
  wow wow wow wow , australia identical to the usa ? 
  c'mon , really ? 
  have you forgotten that we are still in the commonwealth cos we still love you uk ? 
  personally , i identify much more with the gaelic countries than with england - the english are just a tad too bit uptight , reserved and boring for me , does n't mean i do n't love them though ( or the 1.2 million australians that were born in the uk ) . 
  also , you went off topic , the op was talking about the commonwealth , all of which are still politically linked to the uk , america cut those apron string a few hundred years ago and celebrates it every year . 
  and the population added ( not including the usa , which is by far the least likely to join ) is n't all that large at approx 64 million , it would just be like another france or germany , and that 's not counting that many commonwealth citizens identify with a whole host of european countries outside the british isles . 
  firstly people need to stop worrying about the name , just change it it the democratic union or something . 
  or meat-topia , outside the usa , the new union would probs be the largest consumers of meat anyway . 
  well from an australian perspective there are a lot of risks , which i 'll ramble on about , one would be that education is our third largest export which we would n't be able to export to europeans anymore - as european students would be eligible for hecs and could n't be charged our very high international student course prices . 
  we 'd probably end up with a hilarious situation with australian uni 's empty of aussies cos we all went to study in europe , and australian uni 's full of europeans that wanted to experience a sea change . 
  culturally i think it 's a fit , quite obviously for all the western southern and norther european countries , and to a lesser degree with eastern european countries due to post ww2 migration patterns ( with all of eastern europe under the ussr , it just was n't possible for many of them to have moved to australia in the same numbers ) . 
  from my personal experience , i 've gotten along really well with lots of eastern europeans both abroad and in australia , but we do have a lot less of a cultural link . 
  yet again , we tend to get along with everyone , i do n't really see an issue . 
  and we still largely identify with europe culturally , it 's where most of us are from and our multicultural framework has roots all over europe . 
  the schengen area thing is a bit more hurdle , though personally i 'd love the option to go and live work and study in any schengen country , i 'm a little intimidated by the option for 500 million people to move to australia if they felt like it - we simple do n't have the infrastructure for anything like that , and we tend to do things a bit slow in that regard . 
  it 's not like we do n't have a high level of migration already , it 's the second highest per capita after canada ( when you exclude micro-states ) , and half the population was born over seas or had one parent born over seas . 
  economically we just are n't that tied to europe in terms of trade , though there is a lot of investment both ways , we are much more tied to asia economically . 
  i just do n't see what we 'd have to gain . 
  we 're doing quite well on our own , with out `` goldilocks economy '' , we avoided the gfc qutie fine and have shot up the having higher incomes than anywhere in europe that is n't switzerland , norway or a microstate , and we have the second highest average wealth in the world after the swiss , and the highest median wealth . 
  politically , the lack of compulsory voting in europe is something i do n't like , we 've consistently had above 90 % voter turn out since 1922 when we made it compulsory to vote ( it 's just a small fine if you do n't , $ 50 from memory ) , i 'd be much happier if this was implemented in the eu . 
  also , europeans make crap coffee generally ( sorry italy , the quality of your milk just gets me down ) , so you can keep all your baristas thank you very much - when i was in europe and saw a flat-white on the menu , i was like omg yes !, 
  finally !, 
  eurovision , omg yes , please , we could actually compete , which would be amazing . 
  things that would tempt me : shengen area - yes yes oh god yes . 
  a more multiculturalism australia maybe the eu could invest in that elusive high-speed train along the east coast ... c'mon guys competing in eurovision things that worry me : lack of a fiscal union in the eu eu commission ( which drafts legislation for the eu parliament , and not the other way round like it should be ) not being an elected body , making the eu a largely technocratic construct . 
  lack of compulsory voting how many people would move to australia and how fast ? 
  how much soverenty would we be giving up to the eu commission ? 
  edit : some grammar and typos ( even though i 'm sure i 'll have missed heaps ) . 
  i 'll give you that the current abbot government has stepped further to the right than any recent federal government in australia 's history , but they still much more closely resemble the democrats than anything else in america , our centre is still to the right of the ( usa ) democrats pretty much everyone would say . 
  we still ( for now ) have our universal health care , and a social mobility index very close to scandinavia , and our common theme still resides in ' a fair go ' more than anything else . 
  labour unions have largely fallen off in australia , but in lots of ways it 's because they have achieved the results they needed to do , our wages and salaries are set up in an award rate system that covers a large majority of peoples pay checks , which is all indexed off the minimum wage ( currently the second highest in the world , and we set a up a minimum wage about a hundred years before the uk ) . 
  all our stats are pretty much better than all the european countries with a few exceptions , we earn more ( beaten by norway and switzerland ) , live longer ( except for norway ) , more of us are tertiary educated , our economic growth is better , our social cohesion is fantastic , our government debt is laughably small in comparison , we achieve better in school with higher pisa ranks ( except for finland , vittun suomalaiset !, 
  we have our fair set of problems , but we still have a very australian sense of egalitarianism and really do value ` the fair go ' . 
  yes , we run a lean government with spending and taxation at us levels , but we largely achieve scandinavian results with that . 
  of course how we achieved this is really a mystery to most australians , including me . 
  it would have been nice if 23powerz had included a '' / s '' , i imagine there are quite a few literal minded germans in here . 
  lovely maps , i think it would be interesting to add a third map that gave the debt per capita as a % of average income , as average income does n't equal gdp per capita . 
  yet again , i might be just confusing myself with all the terminology . 
  why do poles dislike romanians so much ? 
  yes , fins can be a bit too ~ ~ polite ~ ~ drunk sometime times . 
  i feel scared just looking at that . 
  i say we burn it down now . 
  australia though not a part of nato , volunteers a squad of kangaroos . 
  as a non european i would like to see european federalism . 
  but probably for all the wrong reasons , i 'm just really curious about how it would look and play out . 
  the eu , as the uk has a negative balance of trade with the eu . 
  why or how is race even mentioned in the legislation ? 
  from the top of my head the only things i can think about in australian legislation that mention `` race '' are the racial vilification act and the racial discrimination act . 
  edit : well our census also asks your `` ethnic origin ' , http://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/lookup/2903.0main%20features152011, 
  secedeception, 
  trying to integrate arabs is like doing immigration on hard mode . 
  i think i should add that indonesia is the largest muslim country and we never have issues with muslim indonesians in australia . 
  agreed , but anti immigrant and anti refugee are different things . 
  i often think how weird it is in australia that we do n't pronounce half the letters , or that half the letters are so muted non native australian speakers do n't here them ( e.g. 
  can and ca n't are different in that `` can '' the a sound is at the front of the mouth , and in `` ca n't '' the a sound is at the back of the mouth : there is no ` t ' sound when australians are speaking to each other . ), 
  to be fair , in australia we only have three trains a day going along the east coast ( connecting i guess 15 million people between melbourne and brisbane ) . 
  the rest of our train services are glorified city metro systems . 
  there are 11 parties in the australian federal parliament , ( and dozens on the ballot ) , but this is due the the peculiarities of our preferential voting system in the senate than an actual plurality in choice . 
  i imagine it 's a similar ( though not due to the same mechanism ) situation in many eu countries . 
  honestly , considering the economy i 'm surprised that the far right has n't risen more than it has . 
  needs more jpeg, 
  public education programs , cctv . 
  hmm , well tony abbott was born in london . 
  can we send him back please ? 
  [ i will never forgive the french for not colonising us instead !, 
  ] ( http://www.watoday.com.au/wa-news/australia-could-have-been-a-french-colony-academic-20121112-297dj.html ), 
  how about i meet you halfway and use queo instead ? 
  this is what happens when you let people smugglers decide who are the refugees that can end up in europe , and not the government . 
  there are millions of syrians in refugee camps in turkey and jordan that would be very grateful for some help , as opposed to anyone from the region that can afford a people smuggler . 
  edit : grammar, 
   if you get an aussie you 'll be in luck , he shares some of those ancestral memories and will likely remember who came in when and serve everyone in the right order . 
  can confirm , the only thing that can make aussies angry is the que not being respected . 
  these sorts of cultural clashes are exactly what happens when the hosting country does n't have a [ culturally orientation program . 
  ] ( https://www.refugeecouncil.org.au/fact-sheets/settlement-services/cultural-orientation/ ), 
  i disagree , multiculturalism should end up with taking the good and the bad gets left behind to history ( sometimes slowly ) . 
  we ( thankfully ) left behind most of our british food traditions . 
  [ rules were made to be broken ] ( http://www.shiftcomm.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/5af1800dbd18b30ced7a98fd63f0fe1f411091a0da880f6bf4dcdd967cce8270-300x187.jpg ), 
  is noone going to point out that the fence pictured would n't stop a drunk goat let alone a refugee/migrants ? 
  all it does is signal to refugees/migrants that they 've found the border . 
  :o , that would be about 46,000 coming to australia if we took in that many , that 's about than 4 times the number we are taking from syria . 
  edit : or about 25 % of this years total immigration to australia , or a 43 % increase on this years refugee quota . 
  he 's obviously implying your methodology to test your hypothesis and come to this conclusion is terrible ( ly swedish ) . 
  along with a 5 % contraction last fiscal quarter . 
  sky news = fox news , it 's all owned by rupert murdoch , arguably australia 's worst export to the world after fosters beer , and any news coming from it should always be analysed to detect what agenda is being pushed . 
  but saying that , they just try and frame the truth to produce their own ( generally right wing small government narrative ) , and do n't actually make anything up . 
  can you northern hemisphere folk please stop deporting your problems down south ? 
  what do you mean by ` immigration law ' ? 
  it 's a really interesting read and the writer gives quite a few specific examples of how the language has changed over time , and writes in in a very easy to read and engaging way , hope you enjoy it , 
   is it really ? 
  it was n't primarily the german minister of finance who attempted to dictate fiscal policy for greece during the financial crisis ? 
  well the greeks evidently ca n't , so someone has too . 
  [ this is the book i picked this up all from ] ( http://www.amazon.com/adventure-english-biography-language/dp/1611450071/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1442924360&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=the+adventure+of+english+melvyn+bragg ) to briefly summarise though , old english ( i 'm specifically reffering to about the 700 's ) was just like modern german in the sense that smaller/simpler words were compounded together to form more complex ones , i.e. 
  skeleton was a compound of the word for ` bone ' and ` house ' , and we did n't have many/any articles ( i think that 's the correct term ? 
  i mean ` the ' ` with ' ` on ' ` by ' ... etc ) and instead it was all in suffixes .
