  then in 795 ... the danes heard that we had some gold or shit and started raiding the british isles , then decided for whatever reason that they liked the place and set up shop in the northern mainland of the british isles ( i have no idea what that small wet rock is actually called ) . 
  all travel was banned from the old english speaking areas of the south unless it was trade related , and the old norse speaking areas of the north ( fun fact , the areas rough correspond to the north/south divide in the modern uk ) . 
  at this time in the languages of old norse and old english though , they had n't diverted so much that a lot of the ` root words ' ( without any suffixes or combining smaller words into larger words ) were very similar , but the suffixes were different between the two languages and they combined their words in different ways . 
  over the next 2 or 3 hundred years , as people slowly transitioned between the areas through trade , the english language evolved to leave behind it 's compound nature ( as half the population compounded them in different ways but if peopel stuck to the root form of the words they could communicate ) , and adopted articles from old norse . 
  this is reflects modern english in that very few words in english come from old norse , but something like 40 % of the top 100 used words in english come from old norse , where 30 % of english comes from french ( meaning norman , referring to when the normans invaded in about 1030 - that 's the next evolution phase of the english language ) , but there are only 1 or 2 words in the top 100 most used that are of a french origin ( ` number ' is the only one i can remember off the top of my head ) . 
  tl ; dr ; root words of old norse and old english were similar , a lot of norse people came to live in the uk , people slowly just used the root words . 
  it was more accurately the mixing of old english and old norse that led to the end of this in the english language . 
  when they are refusing to interact with female staff , it inhibits those female staff members ability to do their job , and comes down to a text book case of sexism in the work place . 
  if the fins had their own currency , devaluation of the currency does the sense job . 
  the australian dollar has fluctuated between usd$ .5 and usd $ 1.1 in the last 7 years . 
  i 'm not sure how i could say if has or has n't worked , but we do n't have any problems with resettling refugees to the best of my knowledge . 
  we 've been doing similar programs for decades ( starting with resettling refugees from ww2 europe and setting them up in work programs and language classes in the snowy mountain hydro scheme ) . 
  [ we have the highest per capita level of resettling refugees from offshore resettelment programs ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-09-08/fact-file-australias-refugee-intake/6759456 ) , and we do n't have any issues so i guess we 're doing something right . 
  there was a hilarious moment last year when tony abbott was doing his election campaign though :  opposition leader tony abbott 's muddled start to the election campaign may have just got messier . 
  he 's just learnt the lesson that even the most innocuous of photo opportunities - this time with a fruiterer from melbourne - can have unintended consequences , and a back story not totally to his liking . 
  having made so much play of his asylum seeker policy with a `` stop the boats '' campaign slogan , mr abbott used his last media opportunity before leaving melbourne today to get to know some of the entrepeneurial success stories of australian migration . 
  he enjoyed the company of fruit land store owner hayden tran , who arrived in australia by boat from vietnam in 1986 , and his wife , leang chy . 
  although mr tran was too polite to reveal his life story to mr abbott while meeting him , he was later asked by journalists about his migration to australia and he then discussed his journey by boat and detention in a refugee camp . 
  `` we are actually boat people but we did not want to refer to it today , '' he said . 
  you 're mixing up people who use people smugglers and people we resettle through our humanitarian program . 
   teaching them about human rights , gender equality , freedom of opinion and expression , civil duties , cooperation this is exactly what we do in australia with our refugees , actually as most ( almost all ) come from refugee camps , we actually start the classes their and make them swear alligence to these values . 
  we run about 300 classes per year on it : http://www.refugeecouncil.org.au/fact-sheets/settlement-services/cultural-orientation/, 
  nationwide 6 % average ? 
  would that even give them any seats in congress in the american model ? 
   honeymoon period he ... might change that now that he 's in charge . 
  maybe ... :'(, 
  shh !, 
  i 'm still happily in the honeymoon period , do n't ruin this for me !, 
  we 're all going to get nbn fttp and a carbon trading scheme and high speed rail along the east coast / s but on a more serious note , it 's too early to tell where he 's going to take the government . 
  but i do like that he 's appointed a minister for cities ( or what ever the title is ) and is n't ideologically opposed to public transport . 
  also , he 's very aware and focused on the rapid technological change we are going through , which is a god send compared to abbot if we actually go into recession this year , and if mineral prices do n't sky rocket anytime soon . 
  malcolm is a breath of fresh air , i think we might actually get our first full term pm out of him . 
  i doubt we 'll see any change in immigration though . 
  not to mention that more people fighting is the last thing we need to end a war . 
  that 's one of the best parts about the commonwealth , australian lawyers can go and work in canada/nz/uk and several of the gulf nations . 
  it 's because your economy is still quite small and growing , 40 % of $ 100 is only $ 40 , but 40 % of $ 500 is $ 200 , $ 200 goes alot further to buying equipment for hospitals than $ 40 . 
  its probably including the day after pill , a lot cheaper and less invasive than an abortion . 
  google revenue is about $ 66 billion , gdp is more likened to revenue than assets . 
  the turkish camps are n't unhcr camps and are instead funded by the turkish taxpayer , and are probably the best refugee camps in the world . 
   https://www.dr.dk/tv/se/debatten/ finally my two years in denmark and sweden and learning the languages is relevant ( also , there does n't seem to be an ip restriction ) . 
  ps : is it just me , or does the danish language sound particularly potato-ish in this debate ? 
  or is it to do with the contrast next to received swedish ? 
   historically speaking , every country has dealt with violent bullshit never forget [ the great emu war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emu_war ), 
   australia is probably the richest and most peaceful . 
  [ never forget the emu war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emu_war ), 
  google has the pockets to fight any lawsuit . 
  we have the highest per capita rate of resettling refugees from refugee camps . 
   but in australia there is one internet site tha represents all media ? 
  murdoch got the rights to news.com.au first , that does n't make his site representative of all media in australia . 
  it 's literally a tabloid like ` the sun ' in the uk , and this sites printed newspapers ( the daily telegraph , and the herald sun ) should not be called or referred to as newspapers . 
  `` news '' , most of it 's hits are for it 's sport section . 
  [ now you know how all australians feel about news corp ] ( http://www.macrobusiness.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/screenhunter_1107-feb.-05-08.47.jpg ) owned by [ rupert murdoch ] ( http://static4.businessinsider.com/image/4fb546caeab8ea6565000017/rupert-murdoch-mormonism-is-a-mystery-to-me-but-mormons-certainly-arent-evil.jpg ), 
  as someone who does n't know a thing about erdo\u011fan , why do you and many turkish flares on this sub hate him ? 
  is he as bad as tony abbot was ? 
  edit : i am so happy that tony abbot is a was , just had to say that one more time on reddit . 
  sad thing is that the discussion was n't about ` if ' but ` when ' :(, 
  canada also has as diversified a base as us as-well . 
  also , it 's a quarter of australians were born over seas and at least a quarter have one or both parents born over seas ( i.e. 
  25 % are first generation , and 25 % are second generation ) . 
  like a true native english , i do n't bother proof reading , and get fucked over by auto-correct . 
  i 'd like to see your reaction when you here that we have schools where 99 % if students speak english as a second language , the schools do quite well , and they are still aussies, 
  my god , how poor are the russians ? 
  tony abbot on pelottava . 
  do you think you mum would flee ? 
  it 's actually an important part of cultural education that we give to refugees when we bring them to australia , the appreciation of the que . 
  these people have come from a background and experience where people who did n't push ahead to get food starved . 
  i 've also noticed a lot of europeans are n't good with queuing too ... 
  yous shul all stop being cunts * i love it and think it 's awesome *, 
  ok . sky news is rupert murdoch , it 's fox news , please in future can you europeans find a different link so we can give him less clicks , he 's a cunt who 's trying to fucking up my country with his incredibly bias reporting . 
  japan , korea and china are historically the three big rivals of east asia , and still have strained relations . 
  what do you mean , they are fighting each other over minor ethnic details , sounds pretty german to me . 
  honestly , how different is it to spanish ? 
  is it las similar as scotts and english , or as different as say gaelic and english ? 
  i 've spent the last two days at the beach and it was 20 degrees , but i 've still got this god dam flu , and it was nice and warm the whole time i was in russia . 
  though i did just wake up and i 'm feeling better today . 
  turns out we do generally get the current strain after the europeans as well . 
  honestly , i 've always just used the terms interchangeable until you comment made me google it . 
  til having a cold and having the flue are actually different things . 
  edit : i had always just assumed that ` cold ' was just an old time british word for the flue , you know , what with them all living on a cold wet rock . 
  sounds like a failure of the system to developed effective parking controls . 
  surely his car can also be clamped or towed ? 
  a large part of the issue is european countries have n't developed an as effective integration program as we have in australia . 
  as an australian , i hate the european winter flu , i never get the flue down here but if i get the european strain i 'm sniffing and coughing for like two or three weeks . 
  just got back from being in russia a week ago , i 've had the flu for 2 weeks and i 'm still a snot volcano :( . 
   our minister of labour said only 1/10 is usuable for the german labor market have you got a source for that ? 
  because were all just humans, 
  it 's aussie slang , pronounced a-maze-balls, 
  mass migration worked for us in australia in some ways ( yes , it was difficult ? 
  over a long time . 
  and mostly european for a few decades ~ 50 's -80 's ) , i still feel like we 're culturally poor and need to absorb as much as we can from other countries . 
  curiosity , is there a dialogue to absorb cultural developments from brazil ? 
  or is brazil looked down upon with nothing to learn from in portugal ( or is my terminology so off ? 
  i do n't hear about the luthosphere here in aus ? 
   they had 0 , yes absolutely zero migrant boats . 
  technically we 've had a media blackout and the boats are coming still [ ` we do n't comment about on water matters ' ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/political-news/prime-minister-tony-abbott-dodges-questions-on-peoplesmuggler-payment-claims-20150614-ghnger.html ) , i think europeans do n't understand how important this part of the policy is . 
  our ` boarders ' where this was happening are thousands of km away from our main population centers ( the whole of nt and wa with a combined population of 2.2 million is about 6 or 7 times the size of france ) . 
  it 's almost easier for people to distance themselves from this when it is literally thousands of km away ( it 's 5300 km from sydney to christmas island ) . 
  it would be impossible to implement the media blackout as a part of this in a european context . 
  boats are still coming , we 're just sending them back to indonesia . 
  yes though , none of the people coming by boat will ever get to live in australia .
