  [ you krauts better not lay a hand on our dear lizzy !, 
  ] ( https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/enhanced/web05/2012/6/4/12/enhanced-buzz-24000-1338827154-5.jpg ) for empire and the queen / r/australia !, 
  but not before the dawn service finishes at 6 am , anything else would be unseemly  . 
  correct , australian citizenship for example did n't exist until 1949 , we were all british citizens . 
  the defeat at gallipoli actually birthed the australian identity . 
  well they were n't wrong , gallipoli was a massive military failure by the british , that killed a lot of kiwis and australians . 
  we remember the loss every year with a dawn services across the country . 
  the point is that a complex issue like this is more nuanced than you are presenting . 
   1995  black-and-white how delightfully french !, 
  thanks i 'll check it out !, 
  day drinking does that to me . 
  because it 's a state broadcaster , not a national broadcaster . 
  extremely important nuance . 
  it 's a great source , i have no idea why no one posts articles from it on this subreddit . 
  sure , just give us 0 % income tax and 0 % vat . 
  * implied, 
  also , one follow up comment for why i really do n't / did n't like the banlieues ( but asked to know more because i acknoweldge i 'm very uninformed on what happened in france ) from my aussie perspective and why i asked . 
  the only example of something like banlieues in australia is where we built similar housing ( but usually only one giant building in random suburbs ) in australia for aborigionals in redfern , sydney ; or other australians around the country . 
  it really did n't work for anyone and it 's commonly agreed upon as a stupid decision at the time . 
  we did n't have to provide mass housing or anything , our government was just cheap and in love with brutalist architecture . 
  out of curiosity are the banlieues viewed as being problems architecturally in their own right in france ? 
  thanks !, 
  that 's probably a good frame work for me to start my google-fu to read up a bit more about it . 
   to put it simply , a country of 47 million inhabitants had to handle the relocalization of 1-2 million people in a 2-3 years period , while dealing with political instability ( end of the 4th republic ) , just for algeria ( which was the most important french colony , though ) . 
  that is very very different to what happened in australia and i had no idea that happened in france , and helps put context to what happened . 
  much appreciated mate !, 
  to be fair , there is more than one immigrant so the group can do both . 
  which is why everything out of her mouth will be breaking news until she wins/loosed the presidential vote . 
  just like anything out of a british mps of german mps mouth is breaking news until article 50 is activated . 
  thanks !, 
   emergency housing during the decolonisation i do n't know really anything about french decolonisation to know why this was needed , any direction you could point me in ? 
   plus we needed a lot of foreign migrant to empower our growth during the `` 30 glorieuses '' i find it fascinating that post ww2 we needed workers/people in australia ( populate or perish policy ) and so we had lots of europeans and white commonwealth citizens migrate ( until the 70s when we opened it up to asia ) , yet in europe a similar need happened but people came from mena/turkey . 
  i did n't even know this happened in europe until the refugee crisis brought this up in the media in australia . 
  if le pen wins , france will have a frexit vote ; combine that reality with brexit this year and we are all looking at the death of the eu . 
  to be fair , those banlieues are absolute pieces of shit and should n't have been built in the first place . 
  i 'd really like to know more about how it came about though, 
  indonesia is right next door to australia and i 've been there a few times , i 'm just shocked i 've never heard about this before . 
  we 've been given the impression that indonesia is the best version of a secular islamic state . 
  ( from the first source you listed )  in october , national police high commissioner sri rumiati told human rights watch that in 2010 the then-head of police personnel , brig. 
  gen. sigit sudarmanto , agreed to abolish virginity testing . 
  a police general at the medical center claimed the test was no longer applied . 
   there is little evidence , however , that the national police have taken steps to stop the tests . 
  indonesia 's national police jobs website states , as of november 5 , 2014 , that , `` in addition to the medical and physical tests , women who want to be policewomen must also undergo virginity tests . 
  so all women who want to become policewomen should keep their virginity . '' married women are not eligible for the job . 
  wow, 
  makes me wonder what the legal dress/costume is across all the european countries . 
  someone should do the research and make a post . 
  you are n't very good at algebra hu ? 
  edit : how on earth is that guy getting upvoted for their obviously bad algebra , you are the continent of learning and enlightenment !, 
  source for your controversial claim ? 
  i suspect that was just one province , it 's a federation of 280 million people that is held together by giving regions autonomy over a lot of different issues . 
  edit : i was wrong , and i highly recommend reading the sources i was replied to with . 
  also , does the same practice occur in turkey ? 
  thanks !, 
  * shrug * i only just signed up for it from this thread and it did n't charge me or notify me of any issues and said i had signed up successfully , i doubt the website is that badly coded to not realise australia is n't in europe . 
  it 's not required in australia and it 's just estimated here . 
  i just hope i do n't piss people of by getting this for free , but i have lived in europe before and paid taxes there if anyone is a bit pissed off . 
  i really do n't know , i 'm not even sure how a non points system is meant to feasibly work . 
  most countries in europe do n't really have an immigration system at all like we do anyway . 
  the lions share of the immigration comes from europe and it 's actually a competition between our countries to get the best immigrants that compliment out economies . 
  this obviously does n't apply to european countries due to freedom of movement . 
  even when people immigration from the developing world to ours , they usually are university educated with years of experience as a minimum . 
  we are n't really selective so much as its highly competitive to immigrate to our countries which makes it easy to manage aswell . 
  i was able to subscribe as an australian with my australian address ? 
  is there any pan europrean newspaper ? 
  or a newspaper that follows the machinations of brussels/the eu ? 
  it 's a word that you just never need to use , i know it and understand it , but i dont think i 've ever been in a situation where i 've actually used it . 
  our countries select immigrants based on point schemes , and so they usually come from well of educated backgrounds in their own countries , and pass down their work ethic to their children . 
  it 's interesting that in the chart that all the points based immigration nations have the most successful immigrant children . 
  only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  amazing !, 
  makes me wonder if its possible to just use french/latin words in english . 
  remember how donald was elected a month ago ? 
  his supporters have had to find new hobbies . 
  that sounds amazing !, 
  sorry , i got a different impression from your first comment . 
   well , many schools in sweden have banned snowball fights during the brakes , for example . 
  i always thought snowball fights would be the best thing about growing up and going to school in a snowy country :( . 
  do swedish schools have sports ground ( or some sort of indoor gymnasium i guess ) for kids to play around in during breaks between classes ? 
  i was more meaning that well anyone that is ethnically english is by definition anglo saxon and naturally there must be more anglo saxons in the uk , where in the rest of the anglosphere we are more mixed amd do n't care about ethnicity ( being new world immigration nations ) . 
  i 've never even heard anyone calling themselves anglo saxon in australia besides ... pauline handson or cori bernadi ( our stupider versions of farrage ... that tells you how bad and useless they are ) . 
  i 'm a several generation australian from a mix of anglo and irish ancestry mainly ( first immigrants were an irish woman and an english man , who left the uk around 1831 ( or 1841 , i can never remember ) because their union was ... not accepted ) i ca n't even fathom identifying as either anglo saxon or irish , i 'm australian . 
  well , to be fair , i would identify with who ever was the underdog in an irish vs english friendly banter scenario for the lols . 
  ( e.g. 
   i think it 's subjective , i 've read quite a few articles using the term in the way i describe . 
  interesting , i 've never seen that in english . 
  i remember when there was a french newspaper translated here that called all english speaking countries `` anglo-saxon '' and there was a complete wtf moment from all the anglosphere flaired redditors . 
  perhaps you are incorrectly translating a term into english ? 
   anglo-saxons , anglosphere , ... who cares as long as you know what i mean ? 
  it 's not really important , which is why i commented so far down on this chain and not when you first used the terms . 
  but when you do n't use the correct words , the discussion and your point get de-railed imo . 
  the term actually is anglosphere or anglophone as it 's about the language and associated cultures . 
  anglo-saxon is about ethnicity , they can be used interchangeably for most brits , but not for anywhere else in the anglosphere . 
  it 's a minor but important detail . 
  rupert murdoch is a lizard man hatched in australia . 
  he pretty much runs the 4th estate in the english speaking world . 
  but all his newspapers are built on clickbait and fake news now days ( just look at the coverage of brexit and that case of romanian weapons dealers ) . 
  i was making a pun about how the 4th estate is meant to inform and defend the truth , but he 's actually betrayed it . 
  because if you add all the gdps of everything east of istanbul you get a higher number quite easily . 
  you said that gdp was n't a relevant statistic ( odd , as you said wealthiest continent , not wealthiest continent on a per capita basis ) , so i pointed out that the european continent also does n't have the highest gdp per capita in the world either as the eus gdp per capita is lower than australia and the usa as half the european continent is still recovering from a flirtation with communism .
