  to be fair , australia has an overall lower level of government spending than the usa as a % if gdp ( a good approximation of tax levels between countries ) , and our income tax brackets are higher and less aggressive than yours for low and middle income earners ( i.e. 
  our sax free threshold is aus $ 18,000 , and only 9.7 % ) . 
  yet we have universal healthcare and beat the usa on healthcare outcomes . 
  because of your medicare system i guess , you also spend about $ 5000 per capita in government spending , which is the same as australia . 
  ( and our gdp per capita and incomes are on the same level ) . 
  i the end , it just looks like you have too many middle men inflating costs , and delivery too expensive outcomes , to me , and probably most people living in socialised health-care systems . 
   may well have which is pretty much the british way of saying it had 100 % chance of happening . 
  this is probably a stupid question , but why have n't you moved to an eu country that would pay more for the same type of work for higher pay ? 
  it 's not like you have to worry about visas . 
  i would have assumes the same thing , as disposable income in australia refers to spending money after paying for essentials ( i.e. 
  housing , healthcare ... etc ) and it 's probably the same in the usa . 
  i do n't agree with how they defined disposable income , as we use it as a term for things for after essentials ( hence it is * disposable * income ) in the article/study , but atleast they did clearly define it . 
  well they have employer paid health insurance for some employees , which probably is n't take out of their `` disposable income '' but i have no idea how many are covered by this and how many have to pay for private health insurance ( which would come out of disposable income from the above deffinition ) or how much it would cost . 
  comments like yours are what make me love this sub btw . 
  i clicked on a funny link about the portuguese spanish border , and i get a complete run down with links on the history of the area . 
  cheers mate !, 
  i was wondering if  and , as many european countries start school at an older age , some younger children have to adjust not only to a new education system , but also * simply to being in a classroom * , notes bethan rees of cambridgeshire council . 
  was meant as a subtle way of saying gypsie . 
  i honestly do n't know a single thing about eastern european education , but i think it 's safe to assume they have classrooms ... 
  i just find it bizzar that other tourists/randoms do n't just steal their towels or move them into one big pile . 
  if i left my towel out like that , i would n't expect people to leave it alone if i just walked off . 
  ( unless it 's just on the sand at the beach , none touches that , it 's sacred ) . 
   first some qualifiers . 
  the report has some necessary limitations : the only data available across all countries is on disposable income after tax and social security contributions . 
  this means that housing costs , which can vary greatly , are not factored into final figures . 
  to be fair back then , we more or less largely considered ourselves as a part of that british power . 
  but you are completely right . 
  but the cool thing about the eu , you get a vote and a voice in the direction it takes as a citizen . 
  some countries caught in the usas orbit * cough * australia * cough * are forced to follow in what ever direction it goes as we are reliant on our alliance . 
  being eu citizens you have a choice about the direction your set of countries go together , and you get a voice over what part you take to get there . 
   that dude i 'm pretty sure that 's the president of indonesia . 
  china is n't a democracy and so does n't need to display it 's long term objectives openly , unlike the usa and europe that need to as they need the consent of the voters to actually go any particular direction . 
  currently china aims to bring more countries into it 's economic orbit , they already have all of sea , and they are heavily investing in africa and south america along similar lines . 
  just because china is n't tweeting it 's plans at you , does n't mean they do n't have long term plans , and does n't mean those long term plans align with your interests . 
  i for one welcome the eu solidifying into the third global power alongside china and the usa , you guys let us compete in a fabulous singing competition , the usa requires boots on the ground in the middle east . 
  i would be surprised if most people outside the usa and china did n't prefer the eu . 
  initially europeans did n't beleive the botanists exploring australia , as there was also a trend amoung taxidermists in europe at the time to sow together random animals for kicks and giggles and to turn a quick buck . 
  so i would n't be surprised if the recognition by different countries and languages was off by decades despite its relatively recent discovery by european scientists at around the same time . 
  i probably ca n't help that the irish accents are by far the most beautiful and sexy accents in english as well . 
   and yes , most of these maps are for ego-boost purposes , so people can rejoice or weep depending on which team they are or want to be . 
  is n't that the main point of this sub ? 
  the loss of the american colonies did lead to a change of attitude and relationship between the uk and what would become australia and nz ( we were primarily settled as the uk could n't send their convicts to the usa anymore and so sent them here ) . 
  we 've largely been able to pursue our own political and cultural evolution , and i 'm not even sure what date we should assign to when we stopped being a colonies . 
  the 1975 australia act is when we cut all legal ties with the uk , but the act was passed in both the uks and australias parliaments as we were n't sure who had the authority for it as the uk had n't legislated anything ( or anything of note ) for us since federation . 
  generally though , these highrise areas are built at the centre of the cities population as it gives them the greatest access to customers and employees , along with the clustering effect of having other businesses and workers in relavant industries for cross pollination of ideas . 
  when they are built on the edge of a city , this advantage can be lessened which can make the district less competitive for businesses placed there compared to other cities that have the district at the centre . 
  there are of course many other factors that can affect the productivity of these districts besides geography though , and there is more than one way to skin a cat , and it would be such a shame to destroy some of these beautiful old buildings . 
  it 's missing a section for eurovision members though . 
  the things i read on r/islam make me feel more uncomfortable with muslims and islam than anything else i 've encountered . 
  he 's a satirical/bantet poster that posts in a ken m style on this sub , personally i think he 's hilarious . 
  i actually missed him i was so wtf at the first comment ( even though i have him highlighted ) well done / u/executivemonkey , you got me this time . 
  i mean , yea , so far it 's terrible . 
  but is that intentional ? 
  you are right , elizabeth 's greatest achievement as a monarch was the dissolution of the empire without blood shed , unlike the french and portuguese empires . 
  the motivation was being near bankrupt from ww2 though . 
  what is the islamic basis for rejecting evolution based on ? 
  is it the same as the christian one ? 
   it is due to the ` black market ' ? 
  ( do n't know what the english word for work outside the law is ) in australia we call it the black economy . 
   i have asked a lot of people why we are leaving and i am yet to hear a good answer brexit was just the uk expressing their displeasure for poles , by throwing all your wallets into a bin , and setting it on fire . 
   $ 1.2 billion is a paltry sum given the extent of the damage i ca n't speak for italy , but $ 1.8 billion aud ( 1.2 billion euros ) , i actually would consider a paltry sum , anything less than a rounding error is considered this for us . 
  our federal budget is 450 billion for comparison , it does n't even hit the 1 % threshold , so i find it hard to thing this is a major sum ? 
  and that 's spread over how many countries ? 
  i 'm guessing 28 ? 
  it 's token . 
   they do n't want the eu to exist yes well , i think that the eus main problem is that member state citizens did n't get to vote in . 
  the parallel i think of is australians had to vote into the federation , and that 's why it took longer than intended , and our federation was in 1901 and not 190 jan first . 
  i guess europeans see this in a different way , but from an non european i see this in a different context . 
  the eu could be an alternate option for middle countries , offer it 's alternative to china or the usa , but it 's not there yet ; and this solidarity fund is apart of building an identity that builds the european identity . 
  so i drew parallels of the strengths of this solidarity fund , because for me it was so blatantly obviously for me , and so had to be shared . 
  actually , it 's where i draw my main comparisons . 
  the eus budget is minuscule , 1.2 billion euros would be a joke in the australia budget for reconstruction of a state , even our smallest . 
  the eu ca n't be compared to a federation as old as australia , but it shows similar trait of solidarity . 
  it 's amazing . 
  that 's why i commented , because it ca n't be much for italy ( well it would n't be for any state in australia ) , but it 's an actualisation of the eu being a conglomeration of nations that help each other . 
   it 's silly to take them serious . 
  but it is n't ? 
  and should . 
  the eu is a new form of state / super state . 
  peoples disagreement needs to be taken seriously . 
  if australia was a member , the question would be why are we paying into this fund ? 
  i 've described why i think so , but this is a european debate . 
  imo , i think this is the right move by far . 
  but the debate as to why , is more important than it happens . 
  if something like this can be controversial in our context , it needs to be won in the public debate . 
  then the eu will have the same challenges . 
   i do n't get how this is relevant : in 2016 alone italy paid a net figure that is almost nine times the help that she is receiving . 
  because i 'm comparing this to australian federation , because this is comparable to a union of people of 117 years , without being a federation , but has similar mechanism . 
  asaik noone has added up the stats , but wa ( 107 gdp per state _ the state with an average gdp of 107k has been a net debitor ( 67 gfp per state _ to nsw and tasmania ( 37 gdp per state ) . 
  this is all controversial in australia , but i find it inspiring to see the eu doing the same thing . +  i would like to remind you that there is no fiscal union in the eu there is , and there is n't . 
  i would n't expect it to be the same level as our federation of 116 years ago ( federation was in 1901 , because we had to persuade queensland to be less racist , and not give the vote to only land holding men - sa found this unacceptable as they were very egalitarian , and so we ended up with a universal vote , but aboriginals stand for parliament in qld until 1962 ( something i was taught on this sub by a fin ) . 
  it was 1895 in sa . ), 
  but it 's very comparable to what we did 5 years ago , that 's amazing , and should not be under valued . 
  yes , i get this is from taxes already paid into a fund , that just means the eu is better prepared than we are . 
  which is amazing !, 
  queensland beats most eu states ( i have no idea how queensland compares historically on average , i would guess around average ) on income indexes , but they needed help , and we did . 
  we avoided recession , as did queensland . 
  but what i am seeing , is a similar level of solidarity between european states . 
  this is amazing ; and to be blunt , something the english , scotts and welsh could learn from . 
  just my 2 cents , but this is a good move , and the sort of thing the rest of the world looks at and goes `` wow '' .
