  this all works in australia favour of course , as our farmers are more efficient at creating value . 
  honestly , contrasting the australia section and eu section of this oecd report `` agricultural policy monitoring and evaluation 2013 '' is like night and day , price controls ? 
  quotas ? 
  total value of production at farm gate : 370 520 million euros , subsidies 83 228 million euros !, 
  that 's an insane level of subsidisation !, 
  australias is only 3 % !, 
  i 'm not saying this is a good reason to leave the eu , i ca n't be too bothered either way what the uk does ; part of me wants the uk to leave just out of curiosity of what would happen in the next few years . 
  well to be fair , europeans are only beating the penguins in the `` which continent has had the most growth in the last decade . 
  to play devils advocate to op , `` open borders dont work '' , australia is n't in the eu but i can visit as a tourist without worrying about visas as well ( though omg dont get me started on the hours it takes to get through passport control in the uk as a non eu citizen in heathrow ! ) . 
  i wish we did have freedom of movement with europe though , but i would n't vote for a freedom of movement with 500 + million people , so i can understand how some brits want out . 
  ( but if there was an initial quota of say 100,000 that could be increased over time to perhaps true freedom of movement id be ok with that ) and i think the trade point is about the eus terrible record on actually making any trade deals ( e.g australians currently has access to more markets via free trade than british people e.g. 
  china , korea , indonesia , usa , japan , singapore ... etc ) the eu is joking known in australia as the union of subsidised farmers ; we have a 1.2 % tarrif for agricultural imports as opposed to 118 % for agriculture in the eu ) . 
  so it makes sense that there is a sizable amount of people frustrated by the protectionist eu . 
  my leaders have been lying to us all this time , he 's not also a giant venomous spider ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we are n't in any alliance with germany to the best of my knowledge ? 
  as far as i can know and can find our only alliances are with the anglosphere and some southeast asian countries ( i.e. 
  commonwealth singapore ) . 
  so in recap , the japanese lost because they were n't building the subs in australia and it 's an election year and the subs will be built in the state with the highest unemployment ( sa ) . 
  `` tkms had argued that building all 12 submarines in australia would cost no more than building them all in germany . '', 
  and this is where they lost the bid , wages are higher in australia and we are in the middle of nowhere on this continent , not the industrial heart of europe . 
  this lost them all credibility . 
  i can understand the germans frustration though , as this contract was worth about the same as germanys military spending this year and is the biggest defence contract globally this year . 
  what term would you prefer for a collective name for what is usually called the british isles ? 
  its tough being right when so many more people are wrong . 
  wow , you guys are all really fucked aye ? 
  funny thing is we would have hosted it in the 2nd place country ( ukraine for example ) but of course shouldered the cost instead . 
  i 'm sorry , us aussies are n't known for our manners , if you 'd invited canadians they would have had the good grace to give their host 12 points . 
  it was like a bad european version of k-pop , if you 're gon na do that , you should at least use a real korean like australia did . 
  na , +25 from royal marriage with denmark means they 'll give us the 12 points , 
  * could n't care less . 
  my god , what 's wrong with americans and their inability to speak english !, 
  got a bit of a chip on your shoulder there mate ? 
  paywalled ? 
  it does n't have fair and free elections , it is n't a democracy . 
  i have to to go through customs and visa entry when i fly via the eu as an australian citizen , just like when i fly visa the usa . 
  yea , we talk a good game about immigration and multi culturalism in australia , but if you look at the numbers , yes about 25 % of our population was born over seas , and another 25 % are first generation ` immigrants ' ... but british + irish immigrants have made up 50-75 % of our immigration for a long time and even in the last decade . 
   and australia ready for d-day part 2 . 
  we 're in mate , well bring the beer and the kiwis , if you bring the sausages and the canadians . 
  debt fueled welfare spending on refugees is not a very good way to get out of a deficit . 
  175 million bc , best year of my life . 
  i was so dissapoted when i found out that there was a jean-luc running for president and his first name was n't picard . 
  voters out for harambe !, 
  the graph said `` urban areas '' and the max speed if not marked otherwise is 50km/hr in suburbs/urban areas . 
  the main feeder roads between/inside of them vary between 60km/hr to 80km/hr ( depending on how built up the road side is ) , and near schools is 40km/hr when it 's around school pick up and drop off times ( 8:30 am-10am , 2:30 pm-4pm ) . 
  so i just put in an assumption of 50km/hr to make it comparable to european countries . 
  dw , he seems to have a plan to deal with that causing any issues :  35 . refuse blackmail over public debt, 
  it just affects softcore print porn that is n't in a protective plastic cover that is sold in servos and news agencies ( does n't affect anything sold in sex shops ) , and when you consider that most softcore porn in most countries does n't show vaginas , it is n't that remarkable . 
  still really weird though . 
  [ lest we forget ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/emuwarflashbacks/ ), 
  whoops , sorry was writing on my phone . 
  fixed . 
  if anyone is wondering what it actually is in australia , it 's a state issue so there will be 6 different standards . 
  [ but in nsw ( sydney ) it 's 30km/hr ( so 80km/hr ) . 
  over the limit is a 3 month suspension , and 45km/hr ( so 95km/hr ) is a 6 month suspension . 
  ] ( http://www.rms.nsw.gov.au/roads/safety-rules/offences-penalties/speeding-offences.html ), 
  by george lads , i think they 're onto us !, 
  * ^ ^ god ^ ^ save ^ ^ our ^ ^ gracious ^ ^ king *, 
  while processing people for deportation , we put them into processing centres on mainland australia and pacific islands while they are being processed . 
  there is no way people without a valid visa would be allowed to roam australia , the concept is laughable , and politically untenable . 
  something something yellow star, 
  i just find it incomprehensible that someone that is denied residency is allowed to still go about the country . 
  if they are denied residency ... why are they still allowed to reside , it just does n't make any sense . 
  nazis confirmed ^ / s, 
  well tbe media is in the game of making money and selling papers , the sad fact is that circulation is in decline so they are pulling at straws to get clicks , [ reminds me of this skit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3bo6gp9nmy ), 
  congratulations on not killing each other , want a medal ? 
  fine and dry ? 
  he 's right though , everyone is just saying that the germans do n't dominate in term of votes , but it 's pretty obvious to anyone that is n't interested in strawmanning that is n't what he meant . 
  the germans do n't dominate politically , they dominate economically because of how the currency union has been implemented . 
  the entire continent is dependant and reliant on german growth , and has given up their most important and powerful fiscal levers to fix their economies . 
  if the fundamental economic problems of the eu are n't addressed and fixed , then it will fall apart . 
  just look at the eus next biggest challenge to it 's integrity france , euroscepticism is n't going to die off in france , it 's most popular with their youngest generation , as they have been facing ~ 25 % youth unemployment for a decade . 
  fix the economic issues , and the eu will survive , ignore them by not taking the bold required actions , and other will take action and vote their countries out of the eu , it 's that simple . 
  needs more jpeg, 
  but then you have to talk about hygge for 6 hours a day ^ / s, 
  it 's a 21 hour old account , i just assumed it was a russian paid troll . 
  thanks !, 
  i eventually found those after much searching , but i 'm naturally concerned about things being taken out of context . 
  it was a 3.5 hour debate and those vids add up to less than an hour i think . 
  they obviously had a pro : wtf is happening in france pro fn vibe to them after all . 
  well if you see it come up in the next few weeks , mind replying with a link ? 
  i found one for the first debate i assumed was dubbed by france 24 on their site , but i have n't found one for the second debate , i 've found lots of shote ` highlight ' videos , but i 'd prefer to be able to watch the whole thing and not get things out of context . 
  does anyone have a link for a video with english subtitles for the debate ? 
  you do n't happen to have found a link with english subtitles have you ? 
  i 've just spent 30 minutes looking to no avail . 
  well it takes ages to find and watch the french presidential debates with subtitles , i ca n't even find the most recent one after looking for 20 minutes , i do n't think ever ever found it so hard to find something online than the french presidential debates . 
  i ` ts true , we 're just waiting until the northern hemisphere is [ distracted ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=renrilqwhjs ) . 
  [ youth unemployment has been hovering around 25 % in france for a good part of a decade ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/youth-unemployment-rate ) , i imagine a lot of them are getting angry and frustrated . 
   it would also be a political suicide to have a no-deal . 
  does that really matter while corbyn leads labour in the uk ? 
  the tories could probably give lizzy a swirly at this point and still win a landslide election against labour . 
  so during the brexit debate , was it the council that brexiters were complaining was un-democratic ? 
  but the council is just made up of the 28 heads of state of the 28 eu members ? 
  really ? 
  i 've never seen a black australian passport in my life . 
  i think most ( all ? ), 
  commonwealth passports are dark blue , whereas eu ones are marone . 
  can you guys keep them pretty please ? 
  we do n't want them back . 
  it 's state sanctioned murder . 
  to be fair though , i reckon the support levels would be high in most western countries for things like terrorists attackers , where there is clearly no doubt .
