  ( i.e. 
  common standards , australia 's are designed for the asian market and we harmonise them with nz , canada is focused on american and the uk would theoretically keep eu standards . 
  the situation just isnt comparable to a continent if 500 million with 28 states in a union and half the size of australia . 
   then we would have to conclude that they do n't mind the loss of sovereignty as long as they get to call the shots in the resulting union ... 
  which those other countries would n't tolerate anyway . 
  also , there is no way in hell any of us would form a federal style union with the uk , they walked away from us into the eu ( the resulting trade barriers were terrible for australia and nz i dunno about canada ) , and we 've all been watching brexit , the uk does n't come across to any of us as a reliable partner due the history post ww2 . 
  we may like british people and want to help them in a post brexit world , but we dont trust them . 
  ( to be fair , i 'm speaking for myself on th is issue , even my own anglo saxon family is split 50/50 on th is issue as is , and we had grandparents that fought and died for britain in e urope in ww2 and ww1 ) . 
  honestly though , the freedom of movement currently between australia and nz is in australia 's benefit rights wise , kiwis in australia get screwed over and have limited access to benefits with limited paths to citizenship , where as i am treated as a kiwi from day 1 and get citizenship after 5 years even if all i do is sit on my ass smoking weed . 
  something with all 4 members is less likely to result in this , but it does n't help that the british would be the poorest and most likely flood our labour markets , but we will never let 's the brits rule us again ( and i 'm a monarchist that is pro this concept , and that is my opinion ) . 
  and this is before we even mention that canada also has a french identity that would probably view this as an existential crisis . 
  i have to say though , china is getting kind of scary and has threatened to target australia as a part of the south china sea issue , so any more allies or population are welcome in my books . 
  i also like the prospect that i could hold over brits for the rest of my life that we came to help them in their independence , its a delicious irony . 
  shrug , i do n't think most australians , canadians , and kiwis along with hong kongians and singaporians would be against a commonwealth revival , but i dont think the other 2 billion commonwealth citizens would be as favourably inclined . 
  i guess a lot of the pacific island and caribbean island nations might be inclined as well . 
  while the empire is dead and buried , the commonwealth is still there so maybe brexit might be the opportunity for something more to evolve . 
  it never would though with britain as a part of the eu . 
  weird , you guys are behind us in average and well below us in median wealth . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult lie , dam lies , and statistics after all . 
  edit : ahh , your statistic is just liquid assets . 
  well i hardly agree that is a fair comparison . 
  not all countries have a culture of home ownership , but australia and the usa do , so i ca n't see a reason to take that out of our comparison . 
  also , it seems off , australians have on average $ 85,000 in super ( like a 401k ) atleast ( 2.1 trilllion for australia ) . 
  it does say it includes pensions , so maybe that 's out property bubble showing . 
  also to be fair ;  anti-americanism is so hilarious . 
  you have to lie to yourself and others and say bunch of hilariously false nonsense as part of your coping mechanism . 
  what are you coping with ? 
  being inferior to the country you love to hate . 
  every countries people will try to argue that their way is better , yes the usas model has generated incredible person wealth compared to european , so many americans will feel that is the most important . 
  but from european perspective ( i 'm assuming ) better wealth distribution is more important , along with things like living longer and lower crime . 
  do n't worry to much about it , everyone wants their country to be a winner , and so will argue that comparisons should be made in a way that puts them at the top . 
  from an australian perspective , you 're all rat bags , and the only important metric is shit posters per capita . 
  do n't ruin my image of romanian full of legionnaires and colosseum !, 
  [ aswell as helpful gypsies ] ( http://static2.comicvine.com/uploads/original/9/99265/2072319-esmeralda_disney_leading_ladies_16434455_438_498.jpg ), 
  there are also the dissimilarity that the people coming by boat to australia are n't originating in sea but around the indian and middle east regions - so there are a lot more transit countries that people need to navigate . 
  even then it 's 500 km in the open ocean to christmas island from indonesia ( and about 1500 km from christmas island to mainland australia ) . 
  so it 's not that similar to what europe is doing , but imo there are enough to justify my point . 
   how so ? 
  we are n't sweeping them under the rug . 
  thank you for being polite , but you 're being to nice in describing what we 've done . 
  imo , it 's not a complete copy paste , but it resembles our boat turn backs to indonesia . 
  we put aid money and work into indonesia ( but mostly we are just lucky that it 's a much more stable state than the countries surrounding the eu ) , and in exchange they do n't complain that muuch when we turn boats back to their shores ; imo that 's similar to the lybian solution as it also does n't deal with why people are moving but it stops them from arriving . 
   the uk will remain the world 's foremost great power `` the '' is taking it a bit far , `` one of '' is a bit fairer . 
  i dunno , that username sounds like something rupert murdoch would choose ... / s, 
   better a pakistani doctor than a ee fruit picker '' why should ee get a a birthright to favourable immigration to the uk compared to a commonwealth citizen ? 
  so after all this , europe has adopted the australian model in the end . 
  tisk tisk op , hasnt anyone told you that new citizenship threads need to start with a photo of op , with a document / passport and some flag waving ? 
   the name of romania ( rom\u00e2nia ) comes from the romanian rom\u00e2n , which is a derivative of the latin adjective romanus ( roman ) . 
  it 's almost like when the roman empire fell , everyone forgot to tell romania . 
  interesting , it seems that the french spelling is also closer to the old english spelling . 
   from middle english engeland , englelond , from old english englaland, 
  i was more referring to how france and portugal went to war to try to maintain their grip on their colonies , where as the british simply did a peaceful handover . 
  i was n't trying to imply that the empire ended in world peace , but the handover to independence did n't required war . 
   it simply does n't have the civil service capacity to even begin to deal with all these issues . 
  which is a bit sad , it was n't that many decades ago that the british civil service managed yo run a global empire . 
  it is a bit weird that continental europeans are acting worse about a break away country from its union , than the british did to many of its colonies after ww2 , when the empire was dissolved . 
   i 've now come to believe that the brexit was orchestrated by the ~ ~ british journalism lobby ~ ~ rupert murdocks newscorp , who were in dire need of a topic to write article upon article about without ever having to write something * new * . 
  rupert is one of the worst things to ever happen to the english language . 
  i 'm not denying the americans did have the biggest impact , they saved us from the japanese in ww2 . 
  does n't change that millions came from the commonwealth and fought for it in ww2 all over the planet for a war europeans created . 
   one of their former colonies * triggered * people from all over the commonwealth came and died in europe , for your ideological war . 
  this moral high grounding form everyone is ridiculous , no developed country has the moral upper hand in the refugee crisis . 
  there are 65 million people displaced in unhcr camps around the world ; the european refugee crisis barely made a dint in this , and left the world with right wing nationalist cropping up all over europe again . 
   on the 2016 prosperity index it was ranked 10th , not far below aus or canada . 
  just do n't forget you also score below us in eurovision , 
  they almost got about 9,5 % of the vote and not a single seat , his lack of power is a testimate to the crappy british system more than anything else . 
  [ today is a sad day for sweden , and therefore of course the world . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uczsm5pdjq ), 
  `` how are you ? '', 
  but unlike the american 's we 're happy to sit there and hear your life story . 
  how are you op ? 
  thanks for that !, 
  interesting reply , i 'm not that informed of the situation but dont all those conditions also apply to the rest of the former ussr countries ? 
  the graph above seemed to show that poland was the only one of them to avoid a recession . 
   contrary to western nations take credits as we earn way less . 
  also , i do n't really understand this , i 'm probs missing the context , would you mind elaborating ? 
  to be fair , it 's a weird situation for uk politics . 
  brexit is n't actually the platform of the torries , but now they need to carry out the will of the people as shown in the referendum . 
  so of course many polies in the uk do n't want to leave the eu , but they are now bound to it . 
  hence ideas get floated around of hard and soft brexit , because the elected government does n't actually want to leave . 
  yea , when i went there were 16 australian 's and only a few of us learned finnish , and a lot of them were just terrible at learning languages and gave up or put it as a low priority . 
  the brits complain about how hard it is to motivate their youth to learn languages ? 
  atleast they are in the same hemisphere where they languages they learn are spoken :p . but to be fair , one of them had a skiiing accident her first week and ended up having 26 dentist trips and learning finnish from being stuck inside with a tv all fay for a few months , but she would only speak with her 5 year old host sister , so she had the most adorable finnish accent . 
  i 'm very happy that i went through the effort , i very fondly remember winning a joke telling contest in finish 6 month in , i just volunteered on the spot and that list `` you know you 've been in finland too long when '' and made some jokes about the weather , i won a cd of local folk music i still have :d . there are just experiences you ca n't have without the language , and even though that was something i knew , actually experiencing that is something completely different . 
  but i only hear finish once a year in australia , but i did overhear a finnish family in my home town so i went up and had a chat and gave them some local knowledge . 
  also , now i can be condescending to my older brothers when they complain about how hard it is to learn russian and spanish for their wives :p, 
   at least the uk do n't imprison illegal migrants to an island in the middle of the pacific . 
  my irish great great great grandmother would say differently . 
  what 's the difference between us putting boat people on a pacific island , and paying 500,000 a year for it , and the uk building a wall at calais and saying ` not my problem ' ? 
  in the end , europe built wall on its borders and made a deal with the tyrant of turkey , and australia pushed the boats back to indonesia . 
  no one in this situation has a moral high ground to stand on . 
  bloody economic migrants !, 
  they are harmless to humans and eat spiders !, 
  nothing to be worried about with that one . 
  should have gone with the drop bear . 
  from reading your comments australia obviously is n't the place for you ( but more than welcome !, 
  ) , while we are a huge continent with more or less everything from near perminate snow ( as in a saw a few slabs of ice in the shade still when i hiked our highest mountain range in december ) to endless desert . 
  its really quite empty of people and european style history . 
  but to off set that , we do have two cities with about 5 million people and the opportunities that offers , wages across the board are higher and more evenly distrubuted than in the uk : unskilled work like bartenders , super market checkout , cleaning ... etc is usually about $ 22-26 / hr , and that 's where wages start . 
  also due to our complicated award wage system , with award wages ( which covers everyone on a salary and then some ) being indexed off increases off the minimum wage , the minimum wage and all wages get lifted every year .
