  it 's hardly a model for any western country to follow . 
  sarawak is relatively quite harmonious imo , i 've been lucky enough to see a lot of the different sides of their society through my ewb work there a few times , and in no way would i call it a horror story for most people in their day to day lives . 
  but mainland muslim malaysia is n't my definition of good government when it comes to how sarawak is treated . 
  also to be fair , if you are comparing against european standards of governance and values , you wo n't find anything in the asia pacific that would look favourable besides new zealand , and perhaps if you are generous australia and singapore . 
  how is labour meant to achieve this in the uk with your set up though ? 
  it 's not like you have a senate that can block things like in australia ( alla tony abbot not being able to get anything through besides the cut to the carbon tax ) . 
  the house of lords can only delay for 3 months , not block it until a double dissolution election . 
  the only senario they could is if you have a hung parliament . 
  i 'm not familiar enough with your fptp system to say , but from what i read , the tories will have a either a small or a large majority , which means labour will have no actual power to do anything right ? 
  i reckon they meant that having muslim migrants is attempting multiculturalism on hard mode . 
  obviously there are examples of countries with a large muslim population that are multicultural e.g. 
  malaysia with sarawak/borneo , but there is n't a western country with western values that has done it successfully in their eyes . 
  france seems it 's the first contender , and it 's not a country anyone is taking lessons from on how to do this succesfully unfortunately . 
  i look at the riots they have with police and cars being immolated and ca n't find any parallel in australian history , yet we have the second highest level of foreign born citizens in the oecd . 
  it relates to refugees because for them immigration = refugees = muslims ; for what ever reason . 
  i wish immigrant and refugee were n't intechangable in the european debate on the issue , but it does seem to be . 
  send in the legions !, 
  i 'll gander at whoever i like thanks ; gander can mean to check someone out in australian btw , it 's a slightly archaic word we only use in that context now , you gave me a good laugh . 
   change gender well for me i would have to , but my best friend is a girl . 
  though i was unsure about the `` 25 m underwater '' generally you want to stay on top of the water when you are rescuing someone . 
  haha , besides the backpack ( for obvious reasons we did n't do that ) that 's less strenuous than the test i took for my bronze medallion ( to be a life guard at the beach ) . 
  which i did with my best friend in high school who was in remission from cancer a year earlier !, 
  i 'm genuinely surprised at how well labor is polling . 
  i thought at this point may could give ) lizzy a swirly on tv and still win by a landslide . 
  do n't people call the polish government fascist because it is right wing and against accepting refugees for example ? 
  btw , an escape-room business set up in an old castle sounds amazingly epic . 
   i will be announcing my decision on the paris accord over the next few days . 
  make america great again !, 
  ... 10hours ago i still ca n't believe an american president is talking like this . 
  if i had just woken up form a coma , i would be sure it was a parody account . 
  [ the end of the 10 pound pom program ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ten_pound_poms ) , todays while high , the british are only are [ 3rd highest source of migration . 
  ] ( http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2015/12/15/india-major-source-immigrants-australia ), 
   close to become second and even first world countries . 
  you realise that first world countries were the allies of the usa in the cold war , and second world countries were the communists right ? 
  it 's not a ranking system for development . 
  ( i.e. 
  switzerland was a third world country during the cold war ) . 
   hey voted to leave europe they voted to leave the eu , not europe . 
   because in eu everyone is a special snowflake  i want to relate  brexit do you know what it 's like to have your dad try to move in 70 years after moving out , when you are just keeping mums picture around the house to be polite because she had her shit together ... but the rest of the family ... you had to deal with one referendum . . 
  imagine decades of ` yea , sure , later honey , i just have a headache right now ' , hey sonny , what are you up to ' : /, 
  canadians split their taxes via provinces and councils ( we have compulsory voting ... 
  i do n't think its enforced at a locap level ) not defining taxed at the federal level and then blaming the states for not enough revenue !, 
  how primitive/s next step , wtf is western australia complaining . 
  their gdp per capita is the same as norway . 
  let 's ignore that income tax is federal in australia , and states get their revenue from sales tax.l ( 80 % of revenue ) which is 10 % . 
  and western australia only gets 30 % of the sales tax generated in their state . 
  which we blame as the issue ) - our political debate for 10/20 years . 
  depending on wether you blame john howard , or the 10 years of government since he lost the 2007 election . 
  which is a significant part of the eu economy and population to be sure . 
  sorry , i probably came off as confrontational when i did n't mean too . 
  i just find it a bit exasperating that the eu countries feel like they need the usas militarily to defend them , when really they are much closer ( together as a whole ) to being a global power than i think is being talked about , or acknowledged . 
  what i meant was that the countries in the eu should n't need the usas protection , and it should be an alliance of equals . 
  in australia , it 's more or less acknowledged that we are in the usas orbit because it works , and we have no viable alternative ( for our defense ) besides completely going it alone . 
  in ww2 we were in the process of surrendering the north half of australia ( the brisbane line ) to turn into a battleground , which is the only and biggest threat australia has ever faced , so it 's rather big in the national consciousness . 
  we are a country of 24 million with relatively small gdp to any of the major global powers ( eu , china and usa . 
  australians regard russia as more of a joke than a real threat - mostly because we regard ourselves and our success as a joke , but now our gdp is on par with russia , therefore they are a joke or we should take ourselves seriously , which is unlikely ) and we are questioning it . 
  on paper , the eu has the population and the economy to be independent of the usa , where as australia ... kinda not really , the usa has satelaite nations , not equal allies , and even in our privileged position we ca n't hope for more in the next 50 years . 
  imo eu countries have a viable alternative to being a satellite nation ( seriously bestonia of 1.5 million has more of a foot to say no to the usa than australia of 24 million ) that would happen to any european country if it were not for the eu , honestly , it 's fantastic that estonia can send diplomats back to russia , there is no way this would be possible in a world devoid of nato and the eu . 
  our ex pm tony abbot said he would `` shirt front '' ( what ever that means ) putin over mh17 ( it was bound for australia , so we sympathise with the netherlands as it was covered heavily ) , when there was a g20 summit in sydney , literally nothing happened with our version of george bush . 
  i just vented my frustration ( badly ) that the eu is on the cusp , but has n't grasped it 's potential to be an intependant global power . 
  for now it seems , it 's stuck in a halfway house . 
  please become a viable alternative to the usa so i can viable push for australia to change its alliance and direction , 70 years of being an a country in the usas orbit has taken too much of a hit to our egalitarian culture.and we used to be close to any compare ourselves to scandinavia , the scandavian model is talked about now as an impossibility for australia . 
  edit : sorry for any/all typos , it 's after 5pm in aus . 
  edit 2 : the news tonight in australia is about north korean nuclear weapons , currently they can only hit darwin , and within 5 years sydney and melbourne ( more or less the same as the western seaboard as the usa ) . 
  not to dismiss the concerns of darwin , but we have spent 70 years developing plans for an invasion via north australia , currently if they did that the usa and australia would reply ( without unnecessary details : american troops are placed in the darwin region ) , in the same news grab there was a japanese woman being interviewed saying she had been given a leaflet ( which she said she read to her children ) on what to do if tokyo is hit with nuclear weapons . 
  in some ways , east asia is experiencing a cold was , but instead of the ussr ... we have north korea , yet modern tech . 
  that 's the reality of east asia , which also feeds into the australian dismissal of russia as a credible threa . 
  ( we would undoubtedly have a different perspective if australia was where we were for eurovision on the side bar during eurovision ) . 
  and the main reason i made a joke about the eus worries . 
  its probably important to point out , that though our top income tax bracket is ~ 50 % ( i 'm not sure of the latest developments of the budget with the medicare levy change and the deficit levy ) this only effects about 5 % of wage earners . 
  comparatively , a lot more scandinavians hit their top income tax bracket than australians ( i think it 's about a third of danes hit their top income tax bracket ? 
  ) , and their low wage earners pay a lot more income tax comparatively ( you will see about 5 % / 10 % of your income disappear in tax at full time minimum wage in australia ~ aud$ 35,000 ) . 
  on the same topic as ops question , is there any index that compares the different levels of public services between countries ? 
  it 's easy to look up that scandinavians pay more taxes , but it 's much more complicated to compare what people actually get from those taxes . 
  comparatively , it 's the eu that does n't care about geopolitics . 
  yes , the usa is talking about retreating from europe , but with 50 % more people and a similar sized economy and 7 decades to recover from ww2 , you should be able to stand on your own ~ billion feet . 
  what geopolitical role is the eu taking in latin america ? 
  east asia with china or north korea ? 
  how is it relating to south east asia ? 
  might swell not exist interms of the european geopolitical focus . 
  there is a bit more to the global geopolitical situation , than wether impoverished russia will do anything relevant ( hint , it wo n't , because it 's too corrupt to have anything beyond a basket case economy ) . 
  i for one welcome our fabulous time travelling luxemburg overlords . 
   [ oh god , we 've created a monster . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vimnperddza ) - europe, 
  curiously , do you think having a lower level of english fluency in the population for france disadvantages them when compared to a country with a high level of fluency like the netherlands ? 
  just in terms of there would be a smaller % of the population from which to draw academic talent that can communicate in english . 
  or is it not really an issue , as anyone that would go into academia is capable of learning english anyway ? 
  is n't that like me saying , oh , i met a romanian once , you must know him !, 
  looking forward to having my same sex marriage in germany or austria later this year ... wait ... 
  we 're all cunts , the poster you were calling the traitor was just acting like a dirty cunt . 
   hey have a lot of arable land , gas , oil , metals , uranium , forests , fish , drinking water , hydro power potential , coal . 
  yes , we all know russia is a resource rich country , but so is for example australia and canada , more so for many of those resources * i.e australia has 31 % of the worlds uranium reserves , and canada is around 60 % hydro power ... etc what russia does n't have is the human capital capable of leveraging these resources to their advantage due to their extremely corrupt government ( seriously , i 'd have to look back to the days of convict settlement to find something even close to comparing ) . 
  it 's why though australia has similar natural assets to russia , our gdp per capita is higher than anything in the eu , while russia 's is below china . 
  it 's francly ridiculous that russias gdp is about the same as australias , considering their formal global super power status and 150 million people . 
  this might be a stupid question , but why are n't any of the migrants in france just renting a small boat and traveling over to the uk ? 
  it 's only 33 km at the smallest part . 
  is this some sort of broken bot ? 
   and i do n't see anyone viable coming up for the democrats that could change that . 
  but there is such a thing as tact when asking something of someone . 
  wow , we really do have the worst skin cancer rates .
