  they would love to get back into business . 
  they are itching to get back into business , believe me . 
  and every now and then they test us out but we have kept our policy firm . 
  we have had no unlawful arrivals , no unauthorised arrivals , no people smuggling expedition successful for well over 660 days . 
  it is a very long time and it 's a great credit to the ministers , scott morrison , then peter dutton , that they 've been able to enforce that . 
  it is a tough policy , i grant you that . 
  it is a harsh policy but in government and in politics , often you are presented with tough choices and the alternative is not a theoretical one . 
  it 's what kevin rudd delivered , regrettably . 
  50,000 unauthorised arrivals . 
  1,200 deaths at sea of which we know . 
  doubtless there were more . 
  tony jones : the next question is a follow-up effectively . 
  it 's from greig lipman . 
  manus treated `` worse than animals '' 00:51:19 greig lipman : mr turnbull , recently a contractor who works on manus island was returning to his work there and in very low tones he said to the editor of the australian adventist record , `` it is terrible the way they treat the people there . 
  they are treated worse than animals . '', 
  will you visit this concentration camp and see it for yourself ? 
  malcolm turnbull : well , thank you - thank you for that invitation . 
  it is - the manus island facility is being - is managed by , as you know , by the government of papua new guinea . 
  we are satisfied that the conditions there are not as described by the contractor you referred to . 
  look , i recognise all of us , every one - none of us have hearts of stone . 
  all of us understand how harsh it is - our policy is in terms of its impact on particular individuals . 
  of course , the gentleman we referred to there , he has other options , as well . 
  does n't just have to come to australia but the thing we know is that the alternative to - if we abandon our strong defence of our border , as - look , there 's no point being mealy-mouthed about this . 
  the labor party did this in government . 
  they ran in kevin - remember kevin , kevin 07 , kevin from brisbane , i 'm here to help ? 
  he said he was going to turn back the boats and he was going to maintain a tough line on border protection . 
  he did neither . 
  and that 's what we got . 
  so we know what the labor party 's track record is . 
  now , believe me , the alternative to the approach we have at the moment is not a theoretical one . 
  you know , we are not - you get a lot of discussions . 
  we were talking a moment ago about company tax . 
  how do you know it will do this ? 
  how do you know it will do that ? 
  somebody says this . 
  this is not theory . 
  we know what happens when a labor government is in charge of border protection . 
  they drop the ball . 
  they do n't have the conviction to keep the border secure and you have unauthorised arrivals . 
  you have thousands and thousands of people in detention . 
  tony jones : okay . 
  malcolm turnbull : there were 2,000 children in detention in australia at the end of the labor government . 
  do you know how many there are now ? 
  none . 
  and that 's because of the fact that we have a strong policy . 
  we have closed 14 of 17 detention centres in australia . 
  we have been able to do that because we have stopped the boats . 
  now , i grant you it is tough . 
  it is tough . 
  but the alternative is far worse and that is what i , as prime minister , that 's the tough choice that you entrust me to make as this nation 's leader . 
  tony jones : all right , our questioner stood up again . 
  a brief one because we 've got to move onto other topics . 
  greig lipman : oh , i 'm just thinking of the homophobia response that you made only last thursday night , where you said that we are - our democracy is based on respect . 
  the better we are at doing that and showing love is the best way for us to go . 
  why ca n't you change - take that concept and put it onto manus island ? 
  malcolm turnbull : well ... tony jones : can you do this briefly ? 
  yeah ? 
  malcolm turnbull : it is - it 's a very - i 'll be - i 'll be - thank you . 
  and it 's a - that 's a very fair question . 
  this is the problem . 
  if we were to say to all of the people on manus , `` okay , come and settle in australia , '' that would be the biggest marketing opportunity for the people smugglers you have ever seen . 
  the boats would be setting off again . 
  it would be starting up . 
  they would say , `` look '' . 
  tony jones : yeah . 
  malcolm turnbull : you know , `` get into the boats . 
  give us $ 5,000 and do n't worry , the australians will bring - let you in , '' and it would all start again . 
  i promise you ... tony jones : okay . 
  malcolm turnbull : ... the people smugglers are in the marketing business . 
  they use all the social media that we use : facebook , twitter , all of that stuff and they 're very good at it and any weakness on our part will be exploited by them and the consequence will be women and children and families drowning at sea . 
  so it 's a tough choice but that 's my job to make tough choices to defend australia , to defend the integrity of our borders . 
  ** tl : dr ** no one that comes by boat is allowed to settle in australia , because if they are , the people smugglers will have a market again , then we 'll have a lot more people trying to make the journey and dying at sea . 
  there are only so many refugees we 'll take , and instead of using people smugglers to select them , we select them from un refugee camps . 
  to be fair , the australian pm said he 'd support and work with either outcome and that this was a decision for the british people to make . 
   i do n't get it , ok ye leave do you suddenly expect to world 's to cave to your trade demands ? 
  it 's not about making the world cave to british rule again , but if the eu enters into a punitive trade war with the uk , then the eu has to realise that it 's also entering a trade war with the head of the commonwealth and the heart of the anglosphere . 
  step 1 . 
  usa threatens to withdraw troops from eastern europe in retaliation over trade war , eastern europe changes their votes to support the uk . 
  step 2 . commonwealth threatens to embargo europe , with canada and australia combined being a majority stake holder in every resource market , including uranium , then everyone but the germans change their vote , the french wo n't want to risk energy secutity by risking a trade embargo from the only two stable countries that export uranium . 
  step 3 . sit back and relax as the uk gets a favourable trade deal . 
  the eu has shown it 's limited diplomatic power against a small nation like turkey , it 's not going to our manuver the anglosphere . 
  that 's the stupidest reason to not vote i 've ever heard . 
  it 's your civil responsibility to vote . 
  omg , we finally beat the norwegians in a statistic !, 
   but they fail to acknowledge that pakistan is a commonwealth country i really do n't get what the commonwealth has to do with it , there is n't any practical way that it helps australians move to the uk . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  yea , but those areas wo n't get any extra funding under the british system , it 's an inherent problem of having an unelected upper house in the westminster system , you 'll get safe seats being ignored , and pork barreling to the extreme in marginal seats . 
  freedom of movement in the anglosphere ? 
  i 'd vote for that . 
  itt : europeans complaining about common problems instead of pointing fingers at each other , i feel like i 've entered an alternate universe . 
   but of course it does n't make sense if you ca n't readily identify the german adult only child stereotype : confident without talent , earnest , eager to please and effortlessly daggy . 
  you 've actually raised a really good point that i did n't think of to begin with , without knowing the cultural context the humour does n't really translate all that well . 
  after all , it 's something we always say in australia `` i hope they get our sense of humour '' and if people do n't laugh `` oh , they just do n't get us '' . 
  for example , i found jonah terrible boring , but i did n't grow up with any islanders ( grew up in newcastle , nsw ) , but i did go to a private school and found the summer heights high one hilarious as i actually know people that went to abbotsley which the character was based on . 
  [ from page 95 onwards ] ( http://static.visionofhumanity.org/sites/default/files/gpi%202016%20report_2.pdf ), 
  maybe because i do n't speak german , but as an australian i did n't find that at all funny . 
  because they are autonomous individuals , not indentured servants to their home country , and are capable of making their own choices , if they want to move countries they can . 
  i know the us stats bureau annualised their figures , but i used the same source for all the numbers and the source did n't say that the figures were annualised for the usa so i assumed that they had standardised them . 
  ( we use both methods in australia and note which one we have used when we use them , the australian figures listed are n't annualised ) edit : i 'm an idiot , literally the first sentence says it is annualised . 
  i 'll update it now .
