  pointing this out on the bottom comment of a thread that has since been deleted is n't trolling , and i do n't need to justify where i go on reddit to anyone and so wo n't . 
  if it 's gdp per capita than the australian continent is richer than the european one as is the north american continent . 
   and what 's it to you ? 
  i 'm a stickler for pointless details that are just circle jerks . 
  the asian continent is richer . 
  like others said , europe = ! eu . 
  the british voted to leave the eu , they will always and have always been european despite the politics of the day . 
  hes been in since 2008 and has steered the nz economy to surplus and strong growth . 
  and led to more australians crossing the ditch than kiwis ; this has never happened before . 
  amazingly , kiwis actually have the same election system as the german , but unlike keyes , merkel ca n't win a majority . 
  if i was a kiwi , id feel like protesting today demanding he stay , considering that 2017 looks to be more bumping for the western world than 2016 . 
  this could prehaps be linked to them spying on everyone on the planet, 
  it was an australian beer , more than a generation ago though . 
  you have to really look to try and find fosters here , i 've only seen it once in my life . 
  that was in perth ( capital of western australia ) , our most british city . 
  ( fun fact , if we became a republic , western australia would most likely not join and maintain the title of ` commonwealth of australia ' ) . 
  it was probably sold there though as the average wa income is similar to noways due to the mining boom , so they are more likely to buy imported beers . 
  it is now owned by a british company i think ( though a series of subsideries ) and sold and branded to the world as australian beer . 
  ergo why it is as australian as the american ` restaurant ' chain outback steak house , sold in our image , yet without a single australian being involved at all . 
  to be fair though , it 's a very australian sounding name , and i ca n't think of an aussie slang shortening of it like i can every other word . 
  tl ; dr. we do n't drink fosters , it 's impossible to find . 
  but some non-australians use our image to sell it and make a quick buck . 
  nzs pm resigned a few hours ago , though just to retire early and gracefully . 
  the australian media is very confused as we have n't had a pm do as such since the 60s . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  fosters is as australian as a blooming onion . 
  trust a seppo to drink fosters , a beer that we do n't even sell in australia . 
   remove the entire cabinet from office has a president in austria ever done this before ? 
  i second this . 
  nul points for the uk it is !, 
  the chinese government has been the best institution the world has ever seen at eliminating poverty , the massive improvement in the standard of living standards of hundreds of millions of people in a generation is unprecedented . 
  just look at the change of shanghai in a generation : https://goldgunsgeopolitics.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/shanghai-1990-2010-kopie.jpg their government has also brought them to near super power status in a generation , also unprecedented . 
  to be fair , america does have a large target on it 's head due to it 's actions in the middle east and for supporting israel . 
  i 've never understood why we let the ussr keep control over the eastern european countries . 
  i 've heard it said that it was because we were too war weary to go into war against the ussr , but i do n't know if that is the even the real reason . 
   but just because the problem exists does n't mean that it 's europe 's responsibility to solve it , right ? 
  it 's not about responsibility , it 's about many countries around europe are in civil war at worst or deeply unstable at best . 
  ignoring the problem led to mass migration across your boarders which you were unable to deal with , leading to mass right wing popularist movements across the european continent . 
  very few people came out better off by ignoring the problem until it came over your boarders . 
  [ one might even say ... fire z missiles ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzmwkpmsbwe ), 
  [ revenge is a dish , best served french . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/emuwarflashbacks/ ), 
   i do n't think any of us in the west except the most liberal ones are prepared for such a challenge that is risky on several points . 
  this is a great way to phrase the issue , that i have n't encountered before . 
  to often the debate devolves ( in australia , and from what i 've noticed in europe too ) into accusations of racism , white genocide , destructions of cultures and so many other hyperbolic accusations . 
  when i would surmise that there are those that see any challenges presented by immigration as surmountable , and those that see the challenges as not worth the reward/risk . 
  the latter is instead accused of racism , instead of persuaded on the merits of the challenge , while the former is accused of ignoring any of the challenges associated with immigration . 
  but it is nice that my population is 10 years younger than germanys ( 47v37 ) , and we will never have a pension crisis or ageing demographic crisis like they do . 
  no , i am a part of the free australia army , here to liberate europeans from their spider overlords , fresh from our own civil war against them . 
  but i am le tired, 
  never forget the great bavarian civil beer war . 
  the point is that many countries took in polish refugees after ww2 , and now poland is in a position where it can help people fleeing the destruction of their own country , but chooses not too . 
  that 's the stupidest and most bias reading of 80 years of history in this entire thread . 
   i 'm willing to go down a defeatist there no need to be defeatist at all at any point . 
  in short of nuclear annihilation , it 's something humans will end up doing anyway , it 's just a matter of political will and who does it first ( china vs usa vs india vs eu ... etc ), 
   so overall that mission was a success i 'd say , the landing was not the main focus . 
  true , but this conversation is about creating a colony on mars , which is about landing on it , not orbiting it , which is what kirovski was referencing . 
  it 's pretty awesome that all these european countries get to have a space program , and here we are with a prime minister being seduced by the coal mining lobby . 
   i ca n't think of any other arguments to prioritise the moon tbh one day in the future if we do n't kill ourselves , we will have colonies on the moon and mars . 
  might as well be the first ones to start the colony on the moon . 
  also , no atmosphere is very good for astronomy . 
  and europeans are less likely to turn it into a missile base focused on earth than the chinese or americans , 
   and i 'll leave you with one set of numbers that i found today , which is just an absolute for this whole thing . 
  in 2015 , wall street bonuses , not regular compensation , bonuses , seven years after they were bailed out with the public purse , totaled $ 29.4 billion dollars . 
   total compensation paid to every single person in this country who makes minimum wage totaled $ 14 billion . 
  you 've been invaded by the alt right ( as has the australian sub ) . 
  welcome to the anglosphere / r/europe you can collect you ` wealth of nations ` on the right , and the regan glory hole is on the left . 
  there are no other options . 
  leaving aside whether or not it was ( as it 's harder to prove ) , it was most definitely what boris campaigned on in brexit , what on earth is going on ? 
   the lords can be bypassed by the commons which is probably one of the lesser know things about the british version of the westminster system outside the uk to boot . 
  though i maintain my stance that it 's a system that should be left to history and replaced with elected representatives . 
  the best example of is that tony abbot could n't get anything though our senate and was forced out as pm because of that . 
   literally unelected despotic dictators hoping to annex parts of europe and assassinate political opponents . 
  without that last point i thought you were being hyperbolic and referencing fptp/house of lords and gibraltar tbh . 
   i ca n't think of any group i despise more than the current british government . 
  the russian government ? 
  to be fair , they are n't newspapers , they are tabloids . 
  he 's actually french , the congestion is so bad he applied for citizenship while waiting for a green light . 
  better pay up before lizzy sends in the red coats . 
  he 's not president yet , he does n't have the ability to break any promises yet . 
  you would n't pick the 1982 canada act as when you became fully independent ? 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/canada_act_1982 we never had something like your statute of westminster of 1932 as it was more or less enforced by the 6 month travel time between australia and the uk , so we only have our 1986 australia act as a comparison . 
  this is exactly what we already do in australia . 
  except that we also put a travel ban on them and take their passports so they ca n't go kill innocents in the middle east . 
  you do realise that the british peacefully de-colonised their empire decades ago right ? 
  they let it go . 
   summary is spineless u.k. 
  politicians do n't have the guts to invoke a50 ... or perhaps the brits do n't run their government based on chest thumping . 
  the thing is , the government does n't want brexit , but are forced to carry out the refferendum . 
  they did n't really plan for this , and something as big as leaving the eu takes time . 
  wow , talk about an endless money pit . 
  what 's the justification ? 
  na , we do n't read british press in australia . 
  it 's all about a damp wet snall rock on the other side of the world . 
  but it does n't seem like you have a bad image here : http://www.smh.com.au/search?text=romania&amp;by=relevance, 
  one would hope they would get most of their income from selling their food ... 
  to be fair , it 's doubtful we would have anything like an eu parliament and are more likely to just expand the freedom of movement between australia and nz to include the uk and canada . 
  we all already have free trade between us bar the uk ( as it is an eu member ) . 
  so it 's not the same sovereignty issue . 
  we just are n't close enough for a parliment to serve any purpose .
