  [ sweden , you 're economy is in the toilet , you ca n't afford your moral high horse ] ( http://www.global-rates.com/interest-rates/central-banks/central-bank-sweden/riksbank-interest-rate.aspx ) . 
  i do n't even know what negative central bank interest rates mean ? 
  it 's just a level of crap economic management we 've never experienced in australia that i have no context to relate to . 
  i guess it depends on what accent/dialect as it 's just a colloquialism in australia we write beamer though . 
   because citizenship is a long and expensive process that many people never believed they would have to go through in order to remain in the country that has become home to them . 
  if someone is n't interested in going through the effort to become a citizen , then they should n't expected to be treated like a citizen . 
  gaining citizenship of any foreign country is a big deal . 
  the eu has less macaroons , much better to go there . 
  wtf , 7 years into a crisis with negative/zero central bank interest rates and on the cusp of a probably global slow down with the economic slowdown in china ... and sweden chooses to go further into debt ... that is just insanity . 
   majority of people who have these flag displays being white are you referring to southern cross tattoos ? 
  [ or ten flag tony ? 
  ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/content/dam/images/g/h/y/c/b/6/image.related.articleleadwide.620x349.ghyf6i.png/1435286620837.jpg ) overt patriotism just not something we like to do in australia , our cultural institutions are more about mate-ship and being friendly than flag waving . 
   lower frequency of registering to vote well we 've been getting a higher voter turn out than anywhere else in the world for over a hundred years because of a $ 50 fine if you do n't vote . 
  [ well ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nopvvdg8noc ), 
  [ it really is n't that bad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_fatal_snake_bites_in_australia ), 
  i 'll have you know as an australian immigrant ( that was ) in europe i 've only burnt down 2 houses , that 's not even a hat trick !, 
  maybe i need to lift my game :p, 
   i know for a fact that in some `` immigrant only '' parts of three cities in sweden they put their own apartments on fire , like the couch , then they ambush the police and fire department when they show up and pelt them with rocks . 
  does this really happen ? 
  have you got a source ? 
  this sentence is a minimum of 5 years before he is eligible for early release / parole , the sentence gives the courts the power to keep him in prison if he is still a threat to the community . 
  he has a chance to reform , but he is very dangerous to the community . 
  this sentence is a minimum of 5 years before he is eligible for early release / parole , the sentence gives the courts the power to keep him in prison if he is still a threat to the community . 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/10/02/uk-britain-security-anzac-idukkcn0rw13q20151002  sentenced to life in a youth detention centre and will have to serve a minimum of five years . 
  if this young man reforms and shows progress he will be let out of prison , the judge made this decision because he could n't see a way that this man would n't continue to be a threat to the community . 
  he 's literally a british citizen that worked create a large scale mass murder in the commonwealth . 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/10/02/uk-britain-security-anzac-idukkcn0rw13q20151002  the discovery of the boy 's actions sparked a massive police operation in melbourne , which led to the arrest of five teenagers who were planning an islamic state-inspired attack on an event to mark the centenary of the gallipoli landings , australian authorities said . 
   `` from the early communication we could read , it was obvious the anzac day memorial service was going to be a target , '' said detective chief superintendent  during nine days in march he shared more than 3,000 heavily encrypted messages with fellow plotter `` illyas '' in australia , in which they discussed a plan to run over a police officer at an anzac day parade . 
  edit : this story does n't go into the details much , but they were also developing bombs to set off . 
  well that was a thoroughly depressing read :( , how on earth could anyone move to denmark and want to turn it into a partial theocracy of a foreign religion . 
  let us into euro-vision next year again and you 've got a deal sweden . 
   usa republican there 's a good reason we do n't have freedom of movement in the whole anglosphere . 
  magna carta and the english civil war set up a balance of power between the monarch and the people that was unheard of anywhere in the world , and if you know much of the history of the anglo-sphere , you would understand that these are a large part f the reason that the english developed successful colonies over the french or spanish or portuguese - even though they were the last to enter the colonial game . 
  well the chinese do love pork as well ... 
  go home america , you 're drunk . 
  ` we are the antithesis to the usa ', 
  the ineffectuality of the programs is more a reflection of the planning and implementation of said programs , more than wether or not doing anything is a good idea . 
  we have a long history of working with all our different ethnic and religious minority groups on australia to promote multiculturalism and integration . 
  yea , some have n't worked well - but you refine and improve , you do n't just throw out the baby with the bath water and give up . 
   it sends out the wrong signals , that children of mainly sunni parents are somehow potential dangerous and needs special treatment . 
  this probably comes down to a cultural difference between aussies and europeans , for us it 's racist to not acknowledge that people come from a different cultural and ethnic background which is a part of what forms them as a person . 
  ignoring somes background is considered white washing and racist to us - so for us it is n't about them being considered dangerous and in need of special treatment , but apart of acknowledging their background to build a multicultural framework for society . 
  these are all great and valid points , and what we already do in australia and encourage in indonesia through our diplomatic and aid channels . 
  multiculturalism means keeping the good and refining away the bad , and this actually takes work from all sides and does n't magically happen over time . 
  i just do n't understand how germany thinks it can integrate more refugees per capita than the big immigrant countries can/aus/usa bring in per capita . 
  ( that 's ignoring that most of ours are skilled migrants , only about 5 % are humanitarian visas ) . 
  germanys population = 80 million australias population = 23 million ration : 3.48 [ australias immigration last year 212 , 695 ] ( http://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/mf/3412.0/ ) hence if germany had the same rate of immigration , it would be 700,000 ( 2 sig figs ) . 
  these numbers just are n't sustainable for germany . 
  no , there is much more history to our boarded control . 
  during ww2 we were retreating the top half of australia to the japanese ( the brisbane line ) , as the japanese had successfully taken over all of east asia . 
  we are very very aware of the challenges we face as australians surrounded by much poorer countries with histories of political instability . 
  that 's why we 've spent the last 70 years developing successful economic development and bilateral diplomatic relationships with every country in the region . 
  even indonesia ( which had such a happy history under european colonialism ... ) , the largest muslim country with 280 million people . 
  our border controls are much more a product of hard work and smart politics than just geographic luck . 
  indonesia is now the most stable and democratic country in the region , which is because we have worked well with them for a long time to achieve this . 
  ahh yes , because east asia is know for its stable functioning democracies and low population densities . 
  and i have zero confidence in the reliability their methodology , all these people have smart phones and are sharing all the info about these ` tests ' online with each other . 
  i think the european policy of accepting anyone that speaks arabic and says they are syrian is doing that more than anything else . 
  i just do n't get how a european country thinks it can take in more refugees per capita than any new world country takes in in immigrants per capita - it 's not like europeans are good at running immigration . 
  ( australia has ( well i guess had now ) the highest immigration per capita in the world at about [ 220,000-200 ,000 people per year total ] ( http://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/mf/3412.0/ ) , but sweden , with half our population is now taking in close to double that ), 
  [ anaconda travel sim is what you 're looking for mate ] ( https://www.anacondamobile.com/ ) , organise it before you leave . 
  it 's not terribly good value for money , but it gives you a working prepaid sim for every european country . 
  if you are going to spend a bit more time in one , just pick up a local sim . 
   because you guys cant balance a budget you are also terrible at rugby ^ please ^ do n't ^ mention ^ the ^ cricket, 
  it 's most likely small children googling these things , like as a kid the next neighborhood is forever away and a week is an eternity , so i imagine that is where these questions are coming from . 
  technically , they are flemish ( people ) , who are the flemings . 
  english is a bit weird and retarded and irregular with these words due to the changes the language went through from old english interaction with old norse , to then the normans , but the names for groups of people or tribes of people did n't necessarily evolve in the same way as the other parts of the english vocabulary . 
  old english had a word ` fl\u00e6mingi ' , which has evolved into flemings , but the adjective flemish is commonly used as that is how we generally refer to different people now ( by just using the adjective form as opposed to a special noun which may not exist or may have instead evolved from an adjective word ) . 
  both are equally acceptable in english when referring to the people . 
  but when your government have a near zero unemployment situation in germany , and an unemployment crisis in southern europe , and the solution to a future demographic crisis is presented as allowing in more refugees ( per capita ) than any new world country has ever allowed , something is clearly fucked up deep in shazza . 
  i do n't know the details ( sorry !, 
  ) , but more or less yes . 
  and it definitely is , and it 's rather frustrating . 
  but context is key . 
  over the last 60 years we 've transitioned our culture from a white australia policy ( only british immigrants from 1901 to ww2 ) to a multicultural nation . 
  we 're in the middle of but fuck no where - it costs a lot more money to travel and see other cultures for us than it does europeans , always had ( until the european fiscal crisis ) lower wages for workers , and managed to turn ourselves into an immigration hotspot with the highest level of immigration per capita . 
  so we are n't facing the ageing demographic crisis in nearly the same way as germany is . 
  well , we do n't have an ageing demographic problem or a shortage of fluent english speaking professionals wanting to move to australia , so the situation is a little bit different . 
  also , depending on your age and qualifications i bet i could line you up with a work visa . 
  i know plenty people ( though , naturally a large amount of them were australian ) who have had to wait months getting the visa situation organised even though they had skilled work and accommodation lined up . 
  it 's good to know that not all visa instances are fucked over . 
   ... and then complain about not having workers just to bring in a bunch of illiterate people which they do n't have the budget , or integration programs to effectively integrate into their multicultural framework or their labour market . 
  it 's utterly baffling . 
  it really depends on what treaties the respective governments have set up , [ we 've had a treaty to avoid double taxation for 30 + years ] ( http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-trty/aus.pdf ) . 
  i would have assumed the eu has already worked this out with the usa ? 
   germany desperately needs migrants to fill a growing skills shortage in the workplace or god forbid , they make it easier for people who actually have capital and qualifications to come and work in germany , it takes me 3 days to get a usa work visa ( e3 ) as an australia , it would take months for germany . 
   and it does n't end when you reach germany . 
  you have to keep going with bureaucratic nightmare of : collect this paper , wake up at 5:00 am because there is a huge line in front of the office , oops we are only open three days a week so wake up at 5:00 am tomorrow again , oh you came late we only work 4 hours a day come again tomorrow , etc. 
  line is so long people just sit on the corridor floor while german officials pass giving you weird looks . 
  you feel like a refugee among all other non-eu people around you . 
  if it makes you feel any better , it 's the same process for australians doing the study visa process in denmark , sweden , germany from mine and my friends experiences . 
  europe is so fucked when it comes to migration , and it 's why so many talented and driven people leave it for the non-eu anglosphere . 
  why is n't there a cultural education program for refugees ? 
  we 've been doing it in australia since the end of ww2 for refugees from everywhere in the world . 
  does anyone in hungry think that this fence will work at all ? 
  it does n't look at all difficult to climb over . 
  iirc there are no secular sects in the syrian civil war as such , but some of the rebels are pro democracy . 
  there are more factors at play than secular vs non secular , there is also democracy ( vaguely rebels , vaguely also kurds ) vs authoritarian dictatorship ( assad ) vs theocracy ( isis ) . 
  it really depends on the region and the country but in some cases yes ( an analogy for european christianity would be every different state and region within every country having it 's own form of protestantism ) . 
  [ japanese monks did n't have celibacy for much of japanese history ] ( http://www.vatican.va/roman_curia/congregations/cclergy/documents/rc_con_cclergy_doc_01011993_zen_en.html ) , but that hav n't been celibate since the 19th century .
