  you guys made the uk the poor man of the white anglosphere, 
  or maybe a commonwealth ... 
  good brexit news will get downvoted to oblivion on this sub, 
  they may have the largest populations , but both of the countries have smaller economies and land masses than australia and canada . 
  i thought indonesia and malaysia are thr better examples . 
  eu tariffs are to high for trade with us ausssies , before they joined the eec we were one of the top traders, 
  but you dont speak the same language making migration much slower . 
  when the australian colonies federated in 1901 , nz declined as they felt their needs would be ignored due to distance , and they did n't like how australians treated the aboriginals and were afraid similar policies would be enforced upon the maori , and they were afraid that their voting rights would be restricted . 
  to be fair , those were all very valid concernes in the years leading up to 1901, 
  why the fuck should any european have an entitled birthright to love in the uk ? 
  you are n't british , stop feeling entitled to their country . 
  the south east asian economies includes japan and china , its larger then the european economy . 
  not really , this subreddi5 just wants doom and gloom for london , but its not gon na happen . 
  not really really because the singaporeans beat us on proximity to china both geophraphically and culturaly and linguistically but sydney is still the preffered hub even though its about a 9 hour flight to beijing . 
  it more has to do with our stable democratic govenment and our openess to free enterprise and low tarrifs and global trade , for example the protections of private capital and business is in our constitution which gives business alot more security than any other country in the region or many in the world . 
  ( refferendums are required to change our consitution and rarely pass as it needs a majority in each state and the country ) . 
  it also helps that our professional banking class is very mutliethnic and multi lingual due to our decades of high professional skilled migration which gives our banking sector a strong advantage . 
  i think that 'll be the main barrier for a german financial capital due to their historcally low non-european migration . 
  that and we have low taxes , but strong stable non corrupt government . 
  and every australian cheers that we beat the brits again !, 
  because you 're all obsessed with becoming a federal state . 
  sydney australia manages to be a financial capital in south east asia without anything like the eu existing . 
  its businessmen that decide where trade is done , not really governments . 
  were pretty exited to finally be able to get rid of the tariffs between australia and the uk down under . 
   cunt honestly dont get what the brits were complaining about , i 've always felt much more comfortable around eastern europeans than the british . 
  brits are so uptight cunts and get offended when we swear like sailors . 
  its just their way though , they tend to loose most things against us so they get a bit salty . 
  but their our mates so were stuck with them . 
  ( australians never turn their back on mate ) . 
  so please dont hate us for being on their side . 
  edit : why to downvotes , do romanians not stick by their mates ? 
   unless we decide to enact legislation with which we can speed up the process by laying sanctions on your exports . 
  do n't think the eu wo n't . 
  and risk pissing off the larger economies of the usa and the commonwealth , while also making eurosceptics more validated in their views of a totalitarian eu , why would any europeans vote for that direction ? 
  the eu already has bad relations with most of its neighbours , increasing that to most of sea and the usa without knowing how the chinese will react is economic suicide . 
  hint on the chinese , they only care about prosperity and trade and will work against any sort of trade war . 
  the only logical option is for a friendly divorce of the uk from the eu , there 's no need for a pissing contest in an already weak global economy . 
  to be fair , the experts dismissal claim was kind of valid . 
  economics is a soft science that usually used previous similar cases to build their models , but nothing like brexit has ever occured , so people obviously would n't put to much faith in them . 
  and while their probably right on the short term economic effect , this is n't about a short term decision , its about a long term one of where the uk wants to go in the next few decades . 
  if someones voting on a long term decision , it does n't make sense to prioritise the short term effects . 
  no one knows how this will affect britian in 10 years time let alone 20 or 30 or 40 . 
  there are just so many factors at play outside of the eu . 
  the uk isnt just any old country , its the head of the two billion people of the commonwealth with a larger economy than the eu , its the heart of the anglosphere which also includes the usa . 
  there are just so many actors in this with undeclared intentions that its really nothing more than chinese whispers to say how everyone will act and what the outcome will be . 
  * shrugs * in australia its generally acceptable to use either british or american or australian spelling of any word , we are n't that fussed , just as long as the writer uses the same spelling for the same word in the one piece of writing . 
  honestly , i would n't mind changing to that all that much . 
  too often i can pronounce a word but i have to have a few tried at writing i spell it correctly . 
  in regards to your bicameral system comments id like to offer australia 's experience with it over a hundred year as an example of a nessesary senate . 
  at federation we had huge population imbalances between the different colonies on the australian continent ( and still do , nsw is 8 million , tasmania is 500,000 ) , and the only way that we could ensure that the larger states could n't just steam roll their interests was to have a system of a lower house based on population ( 150 seats each with more or less the same population , which gave the majority to nsw and vic ) and an upper house that gave each state 12 senators even though they had and have massively different population sizes . 
  this is very similar to europe where you have countries of 80 million and one million , where currently the smaller countries can get steam rolled and their only mechanism against this os a veto . 
  our political culture eventually coalesced after ww2 into most people voting for one of the two major parties ( previous to this we usually had coalition governments ) . 
  so having a house of review , or senate , which ca n't propose legislation but only approve or block ( similar to the eu parliment lacked i guess ? ), 
  that has a different election process ( a lower house seat has to get a majority of votes of about 100,000 people after preferences , where an upper house seat has to get a sertain quota after preferences ) . 
  give me the ability to vote with a variety of interests at our elections , and also provides a moderating effect on the lower house . 
  for example , in the lower house i vote on local issues , local roads traffic hospitals building schools , where in the upper house i vote on issues like border control , military spending , immigration and trade . 
  a recent example of the upperhouse moderating the lowerhouse is our current governmentp when it was under tony abbot . 
  he lied about so many things before the election and his first budget was a horror show , but his party had a majority in the lower house but not the upper house , so the senators blocked all parts of his budget that didnt gell with the aussies and he became impotent and unable to pass his wanted legislation . 
  this resulted in his own party turfing him out and him becoming our shortest serving pm after the one who went missing while surfing ( harold holt ) . 
  i can give you a few other examples of where the lower house members of the two biggest states vic and nsw which have historically bean slightly mote than 50 % of the population where blocked from doing things to the smaller states that they didnt want by the senate if you 're interested , im just on my phone so its a bit hard atm . 
  personally , with such a beautifully and amazingly diverse continent , i can only see a bicameral system working to effectively represnt the often conflicting interests of smaller and larger states of the population in the eu . 
  edit : i should add that we have one state , queensland , that voted out having a senate , and its now generally regarded as less politically and economically stable than the rest of the states . 
  ( and is , its the one government in australia with debt problems and may need to be bailed out by the rest of us ), 
  from my perspective its because the eu parliment lacked a democratic mandate in its formation , so there is n't a basis for trust between the elected mps and unelected beaurocrats and the average european . 
  i think it was the lisbon treaty ( correct me if im wrong ) which was forced on the population by the eu where it all went wrong . 
  i say this because i contrast it to australias federation process a hundred years ago , we had a few attempts at federating that werent succesful because the consitution had to be passed by a majority vote in each colony for federation . 
  the qlds and the waens voted against the first few for their own reasons iirc . 
  its not like the current situation is all that bad , but it wasnt created through a direct democraric process so it will always lack legitimacy and a mandate for many people . 
  to be fair , the brexit refferendum just give the government the mandate to start negotiations . 
  the result of those negotiations is all up in the air and hard to predict with all the different actors and interests in this brexit process . 
  oh please no , just make your own version of english with more logical and phonetic spelling rules . 
  new zealand was invited to join the 5 australian colonies when we federated in 1901 and decided not to , they declined the invitation . 
  we now have freedom of movement and a free trade deal , but we have no supernational government and are both free to decide our own trade policies . 
  canada is more than welcome to join our freedom of movement zone if they 'd like . 
  if the eu chooses a trade war to be vindictive , our alliances autmatically mean you 've declared war against the usa and the commonwealth . 
  just give the brits a fair deal and dont get vindictive because they democratically decided to leave and you did n't like the result . 
  there are people all through these threads calling for the eu to get vindictive with the uk , im just reminding them that the uk doesnt stand alone . 
  my flair is australian , not british . 
  mate , we have higher incomes , higher wealth than any country in the eu and we barely trade with you because of your protection ist barriers . 
  we dont need you at all and were doing better than you . 
  the worlds on the edge of recession , you guys have more debt than you can handel ( unlike australia , we could take out a debt the size of spains gdp and still be in a better debt ratio than germany ) your interests rates are already negative on most of the continent , your leaders will fold because you dont have the economy for a trade war . 
  all we want is for the uk to be treated fairly in this separation . 
  exactly why they will fold and simply treat the british fairly in their seperation . 
  but they 've decided out despite what both our countries urging them not to . 
  this was their decision , and if they need the help to enact it , we are n't going to sit by idly . 
  a weak uk is against both american and commonwealth interests . 
  except for all the reviews that say otherwise ? 
  mate , you know the eu will fold like a deck of cards at the whisper of americanso withdrawing troops from eastern europe and uranium export sanctions . 
  if the eu does n't treat the british fairly and makes threats , its litterally risking pissing off two billion people with a combined economy of significantly more than the eu . 
  the commonwealth may not be moving towards a federal union like the eu , but there is a hell of a lot more of us , and you 'd be declaring a trade war against our head of state ( lizzy ) , bring it on , there 's no way in hell we 'll back down mate . 
  guess which two countries control the majority of the worlds uranium , canada and australia . 
  the rest of the countries in that market make venezualua look stable . 
  not to mention that the two of us also control majority of the worlds raw resource from iron to coal to raw aluminum etc. 
  we can make the russian energy security threats look like child 's play . 
  your continent ca n't function without our uranium . 
  im a republican australian , but if the eu wants a trade war with the uk bring it on , im marching in the streets tomorrow morning if they try ut . 
  bring it mate , the commonwealth and the yanks have never ever backed down from a fight , and there 's not a snowballs chance in hell well let you attack britain economically without retaliation . 
  edit : fine , down vote me guys , we 're more than willing to go to any length for the eu to not weaken the heart of the anglosphere and the commonwealth . 
  i ca n't wait till the eu thinks it can go to a trade war with the uk , then realises it 'll have to deal with a pissed off commonwealth and usa for attacking the closest ally of us all . 
  the eu ca n't even out negotiate turkey on asylum seeker issues , where australia did with the much larger economy and population of indonesia .
