  but a dingo ate my baby !, 
  he looks like a slightly ` special ' version of darth vader . 
  europeans have a reputation for being terrible with sleven slightly spicy food in australia . 
  yea you know how there was a thread last week about australia joining the eu and we all laughed at it and all the aussies said no way ... ... yea , we may reconsider that . 
  i 'd prefer eu membership to relying on the australia/us alliance now . 
  to be fair , none of those are legally binding in australia , they are just ` suggestions ' . 
  some of which we never would break , some of which we obviously do with our offshore detention centres in nauru and manus and refoulement of refugees . 
  in the australian context , no other country can pass legislation for our country at all ( britian could before the 1975 australia act ) where european countries are bound by legislation made up by a higher parliment . 
  what the guy is saying is that he would prefer to be more like australia ( or singapore , new zealand , the usa , south africa , malaysia , colombia ... etc ) where the only body making laws and regulations for a country are their national government , and not a higher government . 
  this is absolutely amazing, 
  because everyone in the usa administration said it was going ahead , including donald trump on his phone call with our pm on his inauguration ( where he boasted about his electoral college win , and said this was the worst phone call her had all day including with putin and then hung up on our pm ) . 
  odd considering our pm is one of the few world leaders that has n't criticised trump at all . 
  he then came out with a tweet , while the state department and the white house press secretary was saying the deal was still on . 
  if deals with the usa are dismissed so flippantly , then is the usa a trustworthy partner for australia anymore ? 
  if a deal is no longer a deal with americans , is the anzus alliance safe ? 
  the latest news is that cooler heads have risen , and the deal will go ahead . 
  it was a complete wtf with trump and turnbull today . 
  the usa embassy , ambassador and the american administration all said the deal was going ahead ( and trump had previously ) then trump comes out with a tweet calling it all off any nobody from the usas administration could tell us what was going on . 
  it 's not going to lead to the end of the usa-australia alliance , but it does make the americans look unreliable as allies under trump . 
  dunno , you can read about him here . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/man_haron_monis i vaguely recall it having something to do with nsw ( the state sydbey is a capital of ) changing its bail laws earlier thay year , but i did n't bother to look into it . 
  he was just a crazy man imo , too lazy to even bring his own isis flag ( one of his demands was for an isis flag ) . 
  though it did touch close to home as a few of my friends go to that cafe for morning coffee before work sometimes . 
  the lint cafe guy should n't have been out on bail , it was a failure of the relaxation of the nsw judicial system . 
  he was on bail for immolation his ex wife with his current gf . 
  the gf just got a 44 year prision sentance for the immolation this week . 
  none of them have managed to pull off a single attack in australia so far . 
  we 're better equipped to deal with their lunacy , than the semi failed state of syria . 
  you realise they go and kill innocent people over there right ? 
  you 're advocating for murder . 
  we 've been doing this for years in australia now . 
  canceling passports means they ca n't go overseas and kill innocent people . 
  the lesser know , yet vital chapter of eu ascension : the talent contest . 
  because women should do all the child raising and men should just sit in the smoking room drinking scotch when they get home . 
  they wo n't let us because `` australia is n't asian . '', 
  but behind the scenes we would be 25 % of the gdp with like 5 % of the population of asean , and would probably call all the shots as we would be the ones holding the purse strings . 
  historically yea , but now days the closest nation geographically that out guns our navy is china , so currently our politicians are reconsidering out alliance with the senile umpa lumpa . 
  the australian deffinition of ` asia ' is the european deffinition of ` east asia ' btw, 
  or prehaps neither , and we 're just australian ? 
  crap , your right . 
  but i 've always maintained i am only a monarchist ( in the australian republic debate ) until lizzy dies . 
  i honestly do n't care about anyone else in the royal family . 
  honestly , he is the prince of inappropriate comments . 
  for once he should harness his power for good . 
  i swear 80 % of the time someone uses the word ironic , someone says ` that 's is n't irony ' . 
  in the end , i think it 's just a word we should all avoid . 
  trump is nothing new to americans , he 's a reality tv star and has been in their living rooms on tv for decades . 
  by comparison , le pen is new to the french . 
  greece should pull a turkey and shoot them down , just like the turks did with the russian jets . 
  i doubt it would even end up being the craziest thing to happen in the next month . 
  vietnamese and does n't hate the chinese ? 
  and i thought 2016 was weird . 
  fair enough , just considering that she represents a radically different path to the other candidates , it 's rather shocking just how close it is . 
  and that 's before taking into account voter turn out aswell . 
  that and she has an upwards trend in popularity over the years , which does n't see any sign of abating . 
  it 's shocking how close le pen is to winning , considering if she wins it will most likely spell the end of the eu . 
  ok , this is by far my favourite now . 
  well eu emigrants seem to prefer living in english speaking countries aswell . 
  does n't look like turkey will be in nato much longer, 
  the british government and royalty have n't had any power in australia since the 1975 australia act . 
  and lizzy has been a good queen , and when she passes away in 2046 i 'll become a republican , but not before . 
  in all seriousness , i do n't think we would ever join the eu as we are so far away . 
  we be ok with the 4 freedoms , but most australians would reject european legislation as it would be too close to being a european colony again : / ( though ironically without the brits making any rules ), 
  australia can into europe ? 
  though i do love the scones they serve on the sydney melbourne train, 
  thems fighting words mate, 
  naa , too good to be one of ours . 
  looks like a pretty shit quality train tbh . 
  two on the top 20 for australia and two in the top 20 for europe , they must have a very odd metric . 
  would n't they be more likely to just go to another western european country than back to their home countries ? 
  the commonwealth was quite heavily mentioned . 
  while the uk is apart of the eu , they ca n't build trade deals with the commonwealth . 
  to be fair , if the usa wanted to declare war on europe , they would win pretty quickly . 
  seeming as they have troops , tanks , nukes ... etc , already in pretty much every european country as is . 
  trump cosying up to russia is a rather scary prospect for everyone . 
  i 've never heard or seen of anything like this happening in australia , and 50 % of australians are first or second generation immigrants . 
  the level of segregation shown in this video would be totally unacceptable to australian society . 
  do n't worry , we are terrible at internet infrastructure . 
  no give them to us to exile , we have a few empty islands in the pacific , and a lot of expirience of locking people up there and forgetting about it . 
  the san escobarians deserve better than living with the orange ape . 
  i honestly hoped he would get better after winning the election , but the americans have obviously voted in a senile old man . 
  to be fair , australia is so close to sweden because of how our taxes work on alcohol , wine and beer is a lot cheaper than spirits here . 
  still dam expensive . 
  that 's really impressive and makes me angry we have n't done the same with all our mineral wealth in australia, 
  [ good , welcome back . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/46/7a/a3/467aa3562fca582fc75679e88088923d.jpg ), 
  only 8 % of the cities financial trade is with the eu , it 's a global financial centre , and the most important one . 
  yes , but now that you live and work in london , the uk and pay taxes there , you are n't a `` frenchman '' you are another part of our multicultural societies . 
  welcome to the anglosphere mate . 
  our countries are immigrant multicultural societies , much more than any in old europe . 
  that 3 % tv show about the kids going through some trials ( i 'm only a few episodes in ) is amazing, 
  oh wow , what was his name ? 
   was openly gay himself . 
  was ? 
  to trump voters :( . 
  the usa has turned into the embarrassment of english speakers like the uk is for europe ... but the usa is much worse, 
  uk is above australia , i have to reject this ranking , so i 'll take your reason as my reason . 
  the green party has been in the governing coalition in australia at state ( tasmania ) and federal level ( under guillard ) , and currently controls the balance of power in our senate . 
  the greens movement apparently started in australia as well : https://www.globalgreens.org/who-we-are, 
  i felt insulted that australia was n't on that flyer , we seem to have somehow become a regular member of eurovision after all ( btw , you have no idea how exited it has made me and so many australians to be included for a third year !,
