  correct, 
  oh canada , australias schizophrenic brother . 
  dont listen to him canada , he said the same thing about the inheritance when we flirted with becoming a republic . 
  we all know nz is dads favourite after all ... 
  only the size of wales ? 
  little russia needs to lift its game https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_creek_station, 
   also interesting to note is that the united states are becoming less `` anglo saxon '' by the day . 
  the anglosphere countries are all proudly multicultural , it 's not at all about an anglosaxon heritage . 
  my point is there is an entire world out there willing to trade with the uk , and unlike the eu other countries can actually make ftas . 
  australian and canadian negotiators are already in britain . 
  but if you think well sit there and let a very important ally stagnate economically , you 're dreaming , and economically stronger uk is in our interests , as it should be in european interests ; but apparently banging each others heads for no reason is more your style . 
  who was the group responsible for the bomb ? 
  the anglosphere is largest set of economies , customers and land ; we all embrace free trade deals and will have the uks back . 
  then it 's probably a wise choice to spend that subsidy money on actually productive industries instead ; you 'd get a larger multiplier effect and more bang for your buck . 
  [ do n't worry , we have a contingency plan in place for that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xuybi64qhi ), 
   he 's also a white supremacist  whitest most english speaking countries well to be fair , we are all the much more multicultural than any continental european country , and proudly embrace our multicultural identities . 
  but yea , it would be better if we did n't have a white supremacist rooting for the uk . 
  but most of those are with such tiny economies that it does n't matter , australia and canada may have less trade deals , but the size of the economies we have deals with is significantly larger than the eu . 
  we have ftas with japan , china , usa , south korea ... etc, 
  we 'd also be about 6.5 times as large land area wise as well and have a near monopoly if not a majority player in most resource markets together . 
  only to sign something , but it makes practical sense to start talks now ; and after so many angry words from eu leaders it 's also a way to say that we have your backs . 
  it 's definitely an odd and rather hilarious situation that trump would be more likely to help out the uk than hilary ; at-least that 's what i interpret obamas `` back of the que for the uk comments '' as . 
  [ do n't worry uk , the cavalry is here :p ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-q3cvonlau0o/uueejq6vexi/aaaaaaaaahk/1ula4qcdkgk/s1600/anglosphere+polandball.jpg ), 
  would you mind explaining what the parallel is to the usa ? 
  i 'm not that familiar with your history . 
  maybe it 'll be the catalyst for freedom of movement as well , australia already has it with nz , and it 's got popular support across all 4 countries ; we can only hope . 
  it would n't work though , how could country a have lower tarrifs with canada than country b ? 
  it undermines the whole point of a customs union like the eu . 
  as soon as say , the netherlands gets an fta with the usa , then all trade between the eu and the usa would just go though the netherlands . 
  we need polite people in the anglosphere, 
  oi , its a race between the canadians and us aussies to get a fta with the uk on brexit , and if we do n't i 'll be throwing a boomerang at whoever our pm is at the time ( we 'll probably go through another 5 by the time of brexit anyway ) . 
  eea countries can make their own ftas and norway and switzerland have quite a few more than the eu . 
  but the uk has already started negotiations on a trade deal with us aussies http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/10/08/australian-negotiators-arrive-to-begin-post-brexit-trade-talks/, 
   work is already underway on both ... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/10/08/australian-negotiators-arrive-to-begin-post-brexit-trade-talks/ yep , and we ca n't wait to sign one . 
  activate article 50 already !, 
  the anglosphere has been focusing on mutually benefitial free trade since the american revolution , we 've got a fair bit of expirience on how to make it mutually beneficial . 
  does n't this just validate the reason for brexit , if the eu is stopping free trade between the anglosphere , it 's not exactly a good look . 
  does this mean we might get to stay in eurovision then ? 
   because apparently australia works on the pound . 
  what ? 
  am gay , can confirm . 
  that 's really interesting , ill admit i 've never followed iberian politics , is there anything on the horizon that indicates there could be something like this coming ? 
  do you have any ideas on how you 've avoided a right wing racist party situation ? 
  it should n't be and is n't used anymore in any vaguely informed context , because it does n't have a working definition ; at least with developing and developed the definition is a hdi  800 . 
   as we read here all the time the usa is a broke , poor , shit hole with crumbling infrastructure , homeless people everywhere and no education or healthcare . 
  do you disagree ? 
  yea , you guys are totally fucked . 
  you do realise that `` third world '' means unaligned countries in the cold war right ? 
  you ca n't get any more first world than the usa by definition . 
  it 's actually kind of ironic , the one state in australia without an upper house ; so kind of similar to the canadian senate in that it 's not elected ( queensland dissolved it 's upper house a few decades ago ) is where most of the one nation voters were ; maybe not being able to elect anti-immigrant parties will just have peoples tension boiling up instead of simmering down . 
  [ also , it appears nz has an anti-immigrant party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_zealand_first ) so canada really is the last hold out in the developed world to my knowledge . 
  do n't worry , soon enough canada will get a right wing anti-immigration party like the rest of us and the right wing nuts as well , at this point it 's probably only canada and nz that do n't have one in the developed world ; ( we were late to the party in aus and just elected one-nation in australia into our senate ) . 
   the earth had warmer and cooler phases and we cant really stop that . 
  there where phases with alot more co2 in the air and so forth that 's due to the position of the continents , notice how warm water from the equator ca n't keep flowing around the planet when it hits the americas ? 
  that means that instead of continuing to warm it is diverted north and south and cooled . 
  they can negotiate , they just ca n't ratify and pass a trade deal until they leave the eu . 
   derided the eu for a while ago that agriculture production was too cheap it 's the subsidies , 22 % average agricultural subsidy rate vs australia 3 % . 
   but now with brexit and cameron 's cruel austerity [ to be fair though , government taxing and spending was already alot higher in the uk than the rest of the anglosphere to give some context to it . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_spending#as_a_percentage_of_gdp ), 
  strangely enough canada does n't plan it 's immigration policies on european stereotypes about each other ; romanians were overstaying their visas ( +2.5 % iirc ) at more than canada allowed rate for visa free travel , so they revoked visa free travel for romanian temporarily . 
  australians would be insulted to be called the same people as americans , but if we were asked who we would lump ourselves together with outside our nation it would be the 5 eyes aswell , which i think is what op meant ; that they see themselves more with the americans than with the continental europeans . 
  besides their immigration policies , df are pretty left wing on everything else . 
  terrible example , he just gets italian citizenship through his wife and brexit effectively does n't matter to him or his children . 
  it was so frustrating to see it repeatedly claimed that if they adopted australian style points based immigration their immigration would increase as australian immigration is higher per capita . 
  our immigration is higher per capita because we have high limits in individual visa categories ( i.e. 
  spouse , skilled independent etc ) not because of our points system . 
  or you know , get some free trade deals with east asia and make bank on it like we do in australia . 
  europeans litterally ca n't afford to buy our produce after their tarrifs and taxes compared to east asia . 
  the eu is n't that big a market for agriculture when compared to the east asian middle class . 
  i imagine the british have something along the lines of parlimentary privelage like we do in aus ( as it pre-dates federation ) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliamentary_privilege though i 'm not familiar with the details of how it works in the uk , politicians are completely free to litteraly say anything without any form of recrimination , and i do n't see that changing for brexit . 
  letting politicians say anything is an essential part of how we maintain our democracies in the westminster form of government . 
  it sells papers and add revenue ; outrage stories get the clicks , hell half the articles on this sub are taboild newscorp ( rupert ) media despite everyone knowing that they have no journalistic ethics on actually telling the truth . 
  that and there is no money in english speaking news any more so easy stories that get clicks are all its about . 
  this article us basically just a transcript of something that hit the front page of reddit a day or two ago . 
  if you go beyond the tabloid press in australia i.e. 
  the abc/fairfax etc you ca n't find a bad word about france . 
   kevin rudd you what mate ? 
  i 'll have you know kevin rudd started our new australian tradition of throwing out our pm every year and not getting anything done anymore . 
  more accurately rupert murdoch media empire ; sorry guys , he really was the worst thing ever birthed in australia . 
  by definition if there is a higher authority ( the eu ) that the british parliament has to negotiate within it has differed sovereignty to it . 
  prime example is trade deals , no eu country can create its own trade deals , and now we are at a ludicrous situation that australia has vastly better access to world markets through our free trade deals than the british do , as the eu has failed to secure any meaningful trade deals . 
   your complaints of sovereignty is kinda weird since you have veto power too and laws must be passed with unanimous vote . 
  the 72 votes that were ignored were for drafts of the laws , not the final law . 
  and that is 72 out of 2500 . 
  hell , your mp is making the eu laws into uk laws right now . 
  if you ca n't see that having to negotiate and with other countries to pass laws for your own country is a loss of sovereignty , then you really need to get out of your europrean bubble and realise that every other country in the world does n't have a super national organisation like the eu . 
  well now they will be able to leave the restrictive eu tariffs behind and join the world economy . 
  it means we face the challenges of a multi ethnic and multi cultural society seriously . 
  despite 26 % of the population being born overseas , we 've never had a cologne new years issue or had refugee shelters being firebombed . 
  yet despite 26 % of the country being born overseas , we still manage to be an objectively better place to live than most places in the world . 
  higher hdi than anywhere but norway , higher incomes than all of the eu ( norway and switzerland are higher ) , better growth lower national debt to boot . 
  yes , we have criminal gangs based around ethnic groups , just like everywhere in europe does . 
  who wants to win the race to low salaries ? 
  our salaries are on average 20 times higher than the other countries in sea , its not an advantage for them its an advantage for us . 
  they get the crap menial work , and we get the value adding work . 
  i was under the impression that the eu put minor grants into many projects ( i.e [ 7 % of this projects funding ] ( https://eacea.ec.europa.eu/sites/eacea-site/files/publication-of-results-dev-vg-2015.pdf ) ) so that they could put their eu funding label on it , i 'll admit that i wish the australian government was n't so dis-functional and funded things as broadly as the eu . 
  honestly not sure what period in europe you could be referring to ... 
  in the end this is exactly why i cane to be in favour of my countries refugee and border control policy . 
  i dont want our refuges self selected based on wealth like in europe ; where people smugglers cost more than the gdp per capita of the countries these people are leaving . 
  its immoral .
