  they do n't have a solution for their ageing population in japan though , it 's a huge problem for them . 
  we have a welfare state in australia , canada and nz while all being multicultural immigrant countries . 
  americans have a different perception of the role of government , this is n't something to do with immigration though , and is a much more complicated question . 
  is rt is basically a state funded russian propaganda channel ? 
  ( we obviously do n't get it in australia ), 
  it 's a simple question of whether europe can integrate muslims into it 's population successfully , some people say yes it 's not a problem , some people say no we have n't been able to in the past . 
  if these people were christians there would n't be the backlash and we all know it . 
  in australia we use the term ` asia ' to mean what you call east asia . 
  people from the indian subcontinent and from any of the ' - stan ' countries are n't asians to us , it just seems a tad bit eurocentric to call everything easy of istanbul asia . 
  they ca n't go home , they are still refugees . 
  interesting , i never really thought about that being the issue . 
  omg , the fucking ` hyggelig ' . 
  i lived in denmark for two years before i could n't take it anymore and moved home to australia . 
  also lived a year in finland , and you 're right about everything you said . 
  and the terrible weather !, 
  i 've always hated the ` oh let 's go outside it 's such a beautiful day ' , fucking every day is great weather in australia . 
  but omg , it 's like the entire region has a grey filter over it for 10 months of the year . 
   but i suspect that the 500k needed are n't for jobs in hamburg or munchen or berlin , but rather in smaller towns - and there life turns a bit too scandie again . 
  ahh , that makes more sense . 
  i hope it works out . 
  i 've never heard of a successful mass migration to small cities actually working , these people are already pretty mobile with no material or social links keeping them down , they 'll end up migrating to the big cities in the end . 
  yea you 're right , well it 's comparing apples and oranges . 
  migrants are n't the same as refugees . 
  but surely contingency plans were made ? 
  i 'm sure our government has contingency plans for an invasion from nz and they do n't even have an army anymore , and contingency plans for a destabilised indonesia . 
  it 's like the politicians in europe are just reacting to this crisis which was n't exactly unpredictable . 
  welcome to what the rest of the non schengen world deals with , 
  ahh , ok , your original sentance requires a ` gypsies that are ' , because it currently reads two ways . 
  so these gypsies were deported for having a failed asylum application request ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  the point of an asylum application is to sort out who are in need , and those who are n't . 
  mate , c'mon down to australia , ( if you 're under 30 you can get a working holiday visa , it takes one minute to apply for , and get approved in about 30 minutes but costs around aud$ 500 i think ) . 
  our economy looks like it might have its first recession in a few decades , but if you 're resourceful you can find work still . 
  you can stay with me if you want , but i live in footscray , melbourne , might be a bit too multi-cultural for you ? 
  best pho in melbourne , and omg . 
  real vietnamese ice coffee , so good . 
  odd , i just buy a plane ticket if i want to go to canada as a tourist . 
  of course work visas are more complicated , commonwealth ! = schengen , why would you get an automatic or easy work visa for being european ? 
  if you have relevant work skills and education to our skills shortages ( which includes most trade skills in australia for one thing ) come on down !, 
  yea , we have a point system to manage immigration in australia and canada , it 's because we have the highest levels of immigration and we need to manage all the people that apply . 
  this of course does n't apply to family reunification visas which make up about a third of them too btw . 
  edit : checked out the visa required for canada , apparently i now have to apply for one next time i go ( it 's been a few years since i last went there ) , i 'm a bit shocked that it asked for how much money i have to travel with and my residential address . 
  how rude !, 
  canada deported people ... from the czech republic ? 
  you 'll need to explain how canada has any role in czech immigration policies . 
  do you have to apply for one ? 
  it is it just automatic ? 
  can anyone translate the french ? 
  so send them all the america ? 
  both sides are getting ridiculous , how have n't the 28 democracies of the eu and th eu parliament been able to work out a solution ? 
  governments usually have contingency plans for all sorts of scenarios , why not refugees from a near by civil war that has been going on for 4 or so years ? ... 
  it 's not like it 's news that europe is surrounded by unstable countries ... 
  curiously , why are n't any of the unemployed on spain and greece and italy moving up to germany to take those job vacancies ? 
  do you have the same problem with dhl ( or any courier company really ) as we do in australia ? 
  when things get shipped by courier , and you are n't home ( or in most cases , they ninja a ` soz , missed ya ' note into the mailbox and you have to drive across town to pick up your package . 
  but auspost ( australia post ) if i 'm not there and they leave a card , i just have a 5 minute walk to the local post office . 
  as an australian , when i lived in denmark for two years i bough pretty much everything off amazon uk ( except food and alcohol ) , easier and cheaper ( i just had to buy a bunch of adapters which are really cheap ) , it took me 9 months in the country to be danish enough to get a dankort , so i had to use cash for pretty much everything - i just stopped buying things in shops because it was a case of ` but i do n't want to go to the atm after i choose what to buy , and i do n't like carrying cash around ' . 
  amazon de was sometimes cheaper and faster , it was just too much of a hassle using google translate on the webpage ( for example , the reviews did n't translate , so i would have to copy paste them individually into google translate , and then the translation might not even make sense . 
  ) - also , i could n't effectively use the search function because i had forgotten all my primary school german . 
  i mean really , with all the tech skills , translators , capital and large market , you 'd expect someone in the eu to sort out an effective multilingual online solution by now . 
  i * think * he 's referring to australia taking refugees from refugee camps in turkey/jordan instead of the people who make their way to australia ? 
  yep , being charged is different to being convicted , in theory the judge will throw out the case . 
  [ it 's interesting to note , that australia was consistently above the uk and most of europe during this time on a per capita basis ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/economy/gdp-per-capita-in-1900 ) , nothing like a good old gold rush is there ? 
  actually yea that makes the most sense . 
  yea , the variation in accepted/workable english pronunciation is pretty broad , consider your accent in spoken english is probably quite different to mine , and probably rather different to everyone else in this thread , it 's all english though , as a written language , i barely notice any differences , all ` slang ' words in different varieties eventually just become english language words with a variety of different origins . 
  from an outsider , all spanish just sounds like ... spanish , my sister in law is colombian and i 've spent some time there with her family , and besides the lack of the spanish lisp , it sounds more or less the same , so i guess the pronunciation might all be more similar in the hispanosphere ? 
  though i hear a lot about the differences in the written language in the hispanosphere . 
  from experience as an australian english speaker , it takes about 5 minutes of listening to one of these accents to acclimatise and have no problems ( i can understand those two clips with just a little bit of focusing ) . 
  i remember when i went to a comedy gig in ireland , i could not for the life of me understand the first minute of any of them , after about 5 i had no problems . 
   a rosary ( gift from his friend ; nour does n't let it touch the floor ) and the bloody journo puts it on the ground to take a photo of it ... 
  but it 's just accents between those two ( and it honestly is n't that hard to understand ) , there is very little difference between uk english and usa english it 's just `` o '' or `` ou '' sometimes and either an `` s '' or a `` z '' , english is a very broad church when it comes to workable pronunciation . 
  for a bit of more further readin , [ the bretton-woods system played a large role ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bretton_woods_system ) in aiding the development of the 1st world during the cold war error . 
  australia ? 
  does every university course has individual entrance exam ? 
  how do you get standardized scores across the country ? 
  mate , the english channel is n't nearly as intimidating as open war zones , no matter what the french tell you . 
  but wo n't the people that are rejected this way try for people smugglers afterwards ? 
  curiosity , does the mexican government send some of them back further south if they are sent back and not mexican ? 
  sorry about the many gaffs tony abbott has said about ireland , we 're going through a bit of a technical difficulty down here , but it 'll be fixed at the next election . 
  according to the memorandum , russia , the u.s. , and the uk confirmed , in recognition of ukraine becoming party to the treaty on the ** non-proliferation of nuclear weapons ** and in effect abandoning its nuclear arsenal to russia , that they would : respect ukrainian independence and sovereignty and the existing borders . 
  [ 13 ] ** refrain from the threat or use of force against ukraine . 
  ** refrain from using economic pressure on ukraine in order to influence its politics . 
  seek immediate united nations security council action to provide assistance to ukraine , `` if ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used '' . 
  refrain from the use of nuclear arms against ukraine . 
  consult with one another if questions arise regarding these commitments . 
  ** putin has ended nuclear non-proliferation . 
   probably need to learn french as well nope , but it does help if you are trying to immigrate into quebec . 
  [ also , just saying , there is also australia ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdihhnaoqsk ), 
   too many animals/insects who can kill you [ relevant ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdihhnaoqsk ), 
  [ it 's called the budapest memorandum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances )  the memorandum was originally signed by three nuclear powers , the russian federation , the united states of america , and the united kingdom ... 
  the memorandum included security assurances against threats or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine as well as those of belarus and kazakhstan . 
  does n't get more formal than that . 
  this whole conflict is the end of nuclear non-proliferation . 
  also , if anyone is wondering , the average currently in australia is 0.82 eur per liter . 
  ukraine gave up it 's nukes for territorial integrity . 
  how on earth are we ever going to get pakistan , china and india to de-nuke now . 
  oh , the completely innocent russia and all of europe being the vassals of the usa lark is it ? 
  out of curiosity which policy are you referring too ? 
  the current turn back the boats policy ?
