  yep , forced to read australian literature all the way through school , and it 's so boring . 
  there are only so many variations of people lost in a desert stories that you can read . . 
  if i am interpreting this correctly , the australian pm is payed more than any european politician ( $ 507,338 ~ $ 360,000 ) . 
  do these gross salaries include all entitlements like the australian one does ? 
  all mp 's get an allowance for housing in canberra ( the capital ) . 
  at least he 's not killing jews / s, 
  yea , the general rule that anything the public think we know in the first 3 days to a week is generally wrong . 
  we only consider people friends in australian culture , when we insult you . 
  im confused , is this a current debate in austria ? 
  if you consider yourselves the dame people as the germans , or a completely separate people and identity ? 
  are there significant percents of the population that think both ? 
  in australia , we did n't issue australian passports and citizenship until 1949 , we considered ourselves the same people and had the same citizenship and passports , but that all began to change after ww1 . 
  fun fact , the first europeans to reach australia were the dutch , and they called it ` new holland ' . 
  australians tend to lump estonia in with finland as a tech-education-nordic country , and we think estonians are all beautiful . 
  also with out mass immigration and high population growth , we do find it a bit surprising at first when we see other good countries having negative population growth . 
  actually , why is bestonias population decreasing ? 
  the spanish housing bubble crash of '08 is also getting a lot of attention as it has a lot of parallels to our own current housing bubble . 
  well were currently 24 million in australia , and projected to become 45 million by 2050 http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2016/01/12/interactive-what-will-australias-population-look-2050 im not sure about the canadians or kiwis , but we all have pretty much the highest rates of per capita immigration and constantly switch places each year so with a bit of back of the envelope maths , together well be well over 100 million by 2050 , probably more around 125 million . 
  you use passport and visa interchangeably , they really are n't the same thing , so im kind of confused ( combined with obviously not being an expert on turkish visas ) im assuming that you are referring to a what is commonly called a multi entry tourist visa that you would have to go through an application process for that only lasts for so many years and/or visits ? 
  similarly to what i would get for china or russia . 
  because no one will read the article ; visa free travel is what for example what australia has with the schengen zone , tourist visas for 90 days that you get when you turn up . 
  freedom of movement is what exists in the eu . 
  currently , turks need to go through a long application process to get a tourist visa . 
  this deal is not granting freedom of movement . 
  that said , i really dont think you should give them visa free travel when they have n't implemented the biometric passports , but having experienced eu border controls as a non eu citizen , they are a joke anyway . 
  you 're just circle jerking yourself now mate , america has pretty much the lowest levels of social mobility in the world . 
  its pretty much the best developed country at entrenching poverty and lack of opportunity there is ( while obviously being better than many developing countries , have a cookie ) . 
  but feel free to think that because a few people became very successful that then all americans have opportunity . 
  it like saying australia is the most feminist country and pro women country because we have gine reinhardt . 
  someone did n't read the article . 
  australians are n't silly enough to join the eu . 
   turkey clearly does not meet the eu 's own criteria for visa free travel this is actually pretty hilarious from an outside perspective , is n't one of the main points of the eu that several hundred million europeans can use their combined bargaining power to get a good deal in political negotiations ? 
  yet somehow little old australia with out 24 million is better equipped to diplomatically bargain with indonesia pf 250 million as a poor islamic country than the eu is with turkey . 
  it 's nice to see europeans united over something that is n't a world war or hating other abrahamic religions . 
  good article , but i think it 's important to add some australian political context to the situation . 
  our submarine/ship building industry is based in the state of south australia , which is performing very badly economically in an australian context with [ relatively high levels of unempyment at 7.2 % , the highest in the country . 
  ] ( http://lmip.gov.au/default.aspx?lmip/lfr_safour/lfr_unemploymentrate ) spending $ 50 billion on building the subs overseas as opposed to spending that money in australia for australian jobs and capturing some of the multiplier effect for the economy was n't politically appealing to the electorate . 
  additionally we are in an election year with a double dissolution election ( it 's been decades since our last double dissolution election ) ( our upper house will be completely re-elected , where we usually elect half the upper house every election and they are senators for two election cycles , unlike the lower house ) . 
  this double dissolution election has basically been called to reduce the amount of independent senators/cross benchers in the upper house , as they have been viewed by the government as obstructionist . 
  this combined with the recent senate voting reforms : instead of voting one party above the line and the party directs your preferences , or numbering below the line for each candidate to choose ones own preference flow ( i 've had a senate ballot with over 200 choices before ) ( see [ this helpful koala for a good explination about preferential voting ] ( http://chickennation.com/website_stuff/cant-waste-vote/web-500-cant-waste-vote-03.png ) ) , we can now just preference by several parties above the line . 
  all results in a very strong motivation to get as many primary votes ( first preference ) at the coming election on july 2nd , and with the threat still looming of another global recession , spending $ 50 billion in a way that would n't directly help the australian economy much was n't popular with the electorate . 
  we 're very aware that we skipped the 2008 - current fiscal crisis in europe and the usa due to a very strong iron ore price and strong resource sector and having low levels of government debt and a strong chinese economy as our biggest trading partner . 
  none of these things are currently true anymore , and our building and construction industry bubble looks like it 's now in the early stages of popping after 20 years of stupidly high growth in housing prices . 
  so people are worried about another global fiscal crisis that may affect australia as well , so the government needed to have that $ 50 billion spent in australia as a sweetener for the electorate before the election in july and just before the budget due to be release on tuesday . 
  the government does n't have that much fiscal room to put sweeteners into the budget so getting the contract to provide jobs in australia was one of the few maneuvers it had up it 's sleeve . 
  if this article is accurate , the us spends around 3.5 % of it 's gdp on defence , or 60 % more than the uk . 
  australian ; actually i get reminded every week about the myth of `` terra nullius '' ( that the land was believed to be lived in by no one at settlement ) . 
  aboriginal and the rest of australian society race relations are actually a fairly large and common national topic in australia . 
  heres a great map that shows to what extent land has been given back to the aboriginals . 
  ( we never had any sort of native treaty in australia unlike nz/usa , and i dont know if canada did ) http://www.sparke.com.au/custom/files/media/native-title-claims-2014-map-infographic-full-size.jpg not that this is any sort of comparison , australia km 7.6 million km2 ans there are only about 200,000 or 300,000 thousand people with aboriginal ancestry . 
  edit : found formatting on my phone so frustrating that i forgot to add the map link !, 
  the high cost of shipping in australia is more to do with the distancing in our country than our countries geographic isolation . 
  the costs kick in when things reach our domestic market due to our 1 ) high wages ( 26 years without a recession and strong wage growth for decades ) is a part of the high costs for everything in australia 2 ) incredible distancing involved in australia - costs have to be averaged out over the whole country : sending a package from london to sydney is obviously going to be cheaper than from a small village in the lake district to a hamlet next to lake eyre . 
  but global postal agreements mean that royal mail needs to charge the same amount and pays australia post to delivery it the same amount regardless of how remote it is being delivered in australia . 
  3 ) our nessisarily tough biosecurity laws to protect native flora and fauna . 
  its nessisarily but kind of expensive 4 ) it kind of depends where you are shipping from , china to australia shipping is incredibly cheap as we export so much to them already that ships often come here empty or near empty . 
  you 're point illustrates one of the key cultural differences that make an anglosphere union more logical , we dont need to have a common trade block as we all agree on free trade and are anti protectionist , unlike most continental europeans . 
  as a group we dont need to ensure that we trade with each other to be successful , we need to ensure that we can argue for as many free trade agreements as possible . 
  currently , they all exist between the anglosphere and we all have them with our major economic neighbours ( australia with japan and china and the usa , uk with the eu etc ) . 
  its about working together to ensure that we are all better off ( which is more or less the definition of `` commonwealth '' anyway ) as opposed to directly reliant on each other . 
  also trade numbers are n't a very accurate way of describing the economic integration that already exists between these countries , so many of our corporations exist with branches in each country doing business there generating value , but this is n't nessisarily shown up on trade . 
  well to be fair , the uk becoming part of a federal europe that restricts its independence and limits its national identity is n't in the best interest of australia nz or canada . 
  if anything , it makes much more sense for an `` ever closer union '' of the 4 main commonwealth anglosphere countries , we litterally have pretty much the same culture that we have to exaggerate and nit pick to find any real differences , we all follow the low tariff free trade method unlike many protectionist eu countries , speak the same language , same standard when it comes to health and education and training , the same legal system already , we are all multicultural countries welcoming of diversity and immigration on a scale that europeans are n't . 
  also , with all the canadian and australian wastelands , we would be a stupidly large country and play a major role in every single resource market be it oil , uranium , coal , iron , aluminum ... etc, 
  yep , we 've had it for almost a hundred years now at the federal level in australia and it 's how we 've maintained a [ turnout of about 95 % for all elections/referendums/plebiscites as opposed to the 40 % -60 % before the reform was completely implemented in 1924 ] ( http://www.aec.gov.au/elections/australian_electoral_history/voter_turnout.htm ) . 
  compulsory voting means that the political system has the incentive to ensure the population is informed and makes the politicians geared to getting people informed . 
  when everyone is going to be voting , politicians now have an intensive to engage with people and get them engaged with politics and to get them informed . 
  this results in political views being more centred to `` sensible centre '' and not to who can yell the loudest , which many believe is a core aspect of why our country is so politically and economically stable . 
  but when everyone is voting anyway , they ca n't be turned off by politicians acting like cunts , which is how tony abbot won the prime ministership by being an aggressive political attack dog , yet he was n't towards to sensible centre , and so he became our shortest serving pm [ after the one who got lost surfing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harold_holt ) if anyone is wondering , if you do n't vote , you get a $ 50 fine in the mail . 
  if you have been living overseas for less than 6 years , then you can still vote , but it 's not compulsory and you 'll have to enrol as an overseas voter . 
  [ you should probably stop reading the daily telegraph then ] ( http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/news/opinion/green-turning-red-in-watermelon-politics/story-e6frezz0-1226544226370 ) , while the australian greens party is deffinatly more than an environmental party , they are very far from the insanity we see in europe . 
   this video contains content from umg_mk , who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds . 
  we told the swedes we 'd call them racist if they did n't let us in again, 
  he 's speaking out of his ass , aboriginals had tamed fire tens of thousands of years ago . 
  paperbark trees are perfect for that old stick in bark trick to light a fire . 
  ( this is all exhaustively documented in australian museums and in our education system for decades : lighting fire as a part of class with a stick and paperbark is something i did in the mid 90 's ) they also had an extremely complicated kinship system ; they were very aware of the effects of inbreeding and so many tribes brought in ( both violently through war and also through people just moving tribes ) their spouses from neighboring tribes . 
  the main issue when it comes to describing aboriginals is that people assume they are one group of people , when in reality it was about 1 million people divided between up to 500 tribes ( each with their own language that was generally vaguely mutually intelligible with neighboring tribes ) , each with their own religious customs and beliefs . 
  it 's like categorization all europeans 1000 by the behavior of romanians 1000 years ago , and the australian continent is much larger and there would have been less information and trade passing around it than the european continent . 
  edit : now that i 'm home , here are some sources : aboriginal kinship system : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_aboriginal_avoidance_practices#brother.e2.80.94sister https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_aboriginal_kinship as you can see , they had developed quite a complex system of kinship over who was and was n't partner material . 
  as opposed to the aristocratic model of marrying your cousin or brother developed in europe :p aboriginals and fire : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fire-stick_farming, 
  it depends on the management of the restaurant , but ya more common for the boss to steal the tips when the tip is paid on card . 
  reminds me of the old chinese curse `` may you live in interesting times '', 
  i know we 're in eurovision this year , but it 's still over $ 2000 and 25 hours to get to sweden and back from australia , it seems a little bit wasteful to spend all that time and money to fly to europe to punch up some guy . 
  believe me , it 's much more than 30 % commercials in australia . 
  you obviously are n't estonian , the nordics love us gays . 
  what 's wrong with a politician changing their direction in a way that reflects the will of the people ? 
  this is meant to be democracy and not a dictatorship . 
  fortunately the uk did a rather good job of setting up nz/aus/can so we ca n't apply for refugee visas . 
  the grammar is ridiculously easy , and it does n't take that long to get the pronunciation of the tones down pat , while studying it at uni one semester i made one of my chinese australian friends meet up with me each week for an hour to teach me the tone pronunciation ( we did this for about 12 weeks i reckon ) , that was 5 years ago and i have n't used much mandarin since and i can still pronounce it perfectly from pinyin . 
  the writing system though is clearly fucked up , takes years and with the digital age we all have crappy hand writing and would fuck up chinese so badly ; the writing system is the only reason that chinese wo n't become a global language in my opinion ( not to mention that the most commonly used accents in chinese tv/movies is disgusting ; there are some rather nice sounding mandarin accents though ) . 
  it 's the otherway round , traditional is used in hk , macau and singapore , taiwan , but simplified is used everywhere else ; and if you can read and write traditional you can usually understand simplified as it 's pretty much the same but simpler-less strokes used , but it 's actually quite similar . 
  i want a coffee : simplified : \u6211 ( i ) \u60f3 ( want ) \u4e00 ( one ) \u4e2a ( unit of ) \u5496\u5561 ( coffee - this one is just a phonetic translation ) . 
  traditional : \u6211 ( i ) \u60f3 ( want ) \u4e00 ( one ) \u500b ( unit of ) \u5496\u5561 ( coffee - this one is just a phonetic translation ) . 
  both countries allow dual citizenship , i 'm sure most of those british passport holders also hold australian citizenship . 
  it makes less sense to judge all australians by the comment of one redditors upvoted comment . 
  let 's be honest , australia canada and new zealand are all much more multicultural than the uk with higher immigration rates per capita . 
  i highly disagree that extended the already free movement between australian and nz to also include the uk and canada is equivilent to an ever closer union of the eu . 
  let 's be honest , the majority of the population in all countries involved is ethnically and linguistically the same group , as well as already having the same legal system . 
  we can already quote common law decisions made in the other countries in our own courts . 
  authentic australian pricing mate,
