  no , he 's norwegian , not from stockholm , it 's ok to disagree . 
  step 1 . fine/police move them on . 
  * if they ignore fine/return * step 2 . have to appear in court . 
  * if they ignore court summons * step 3 . prison . 
  ( i.e. 
  ` contempt of court ' ) ... then maybe deportation , we do that for some people that are n't citizens if they commit drug related offences ... obeying the rule of law is seen a a very basic thing to do in australia . 
  no , 1867 in canada . 
  1901 in australia . 
  it 's actaully really boring , but to make it short and slightly more interesting : [ but here is the wiki entry on the subject ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1975_australian_constitutional_crisis ) remember how the us government shut down because they could n't get supply ( money ) bills through ? 
  in the australian system , instead of the government shutting down , the governor general ( appointed by the queen , but chosen by the prime minister of the day ) then can activate their power of a ` double dissolution ' , which calls a re-election of the upper and lower house . 
  ( the upper house is elected weirdly , 50 % of it is up for re-election at avery federal election , so they serve 8 year terms ) , this happened in the 70 's to a pretty cool prime minister ( from the perspective of someone looking back many decades through rose tinted shades ) . 
  also , every state has it 's own equivalent of a governor general . 
  as far as i am aware , they have done nothing particularly interesting in the last 115 years ( i did n't even know that the states had any until my 20 's ), 
  the motivation is what usually defines something as racist , so opposing a halting site is n't necessarily racist , but it could be . 
  i would oppose one being built where i currently live , as i live in inner city melbourne and it just would n't make sense to put a caravan park there , the economics of that just would n't work . 
  i think it was / u/savannajeff that made those allusions , so i 'll leave it to him . 
  australia is pretty multicultural place though , here are some interesting maps to illustrate this : http://www.sbs.com.au/news/map/where-australias-immigrants-were-born-sydney, 
   halting site they 'd need a permit for that , and it 's highly unlikely that the local council would approve a random caravan park in the middle of a suburb . 
  in nsw , any resident also living in this council area can object and they wont ' get the permit , in vic anyone living in the state can object . 
  nothing gets through the australian council system ... 
  nothing ... 
  the australian constitution came in in 1901 january 1st , the monarch then had no power in australia , but appointed the governor general - which has used it 's executive power once in the last 115 years . 
  but we had federated by that point , so the empire no longer had any direct control , only the governor generals . 
  the scale on the map makes it look like there is n't much of a difference between north africa and spain , until you realise that north africa is actually off the scale used on the map . 
  i 'd just like to say that tony abbot was born in london , can you please take him back ? 
  not to mention that the uk apparently gets ticks for constitutional protections ... without a constitution ? 
  very special, 
  * americas, 
  from the graph : * the relative poverty line here defined as 50 % of the median household income for the country, 
  the poverty line used by this graph does n't use purchasing power either ... 
  and thats without even opening up the issue of your upper house being its own democratic clusterfuck, 
  technically , the minimum wage is higher in australia than nz or ireland . 
  there were still [ many attempts on hitlers life . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assassination_attempts_on_adolf_hitler ), 
  ` foundation-finns ' would also be a valid translation . 
  i noticed that the translation into english has changed from ` the true finns ' to just ` the fins ' - did the party change it 's name for soem reason , or are journalists being lazy ? 
  i noticed that the translation into english has changed from ` the true finns ' to just ` the fins ' - did the party change it 's name for soem reason , or are journalists being lazy ? 
  why not both ? 
  nice , online voting , lowering the voting age to 16 ( for local elections ) , and debates about giving parents and children the vote !, 
  can i ask what the context of all this development in estonia is ? 
  what prompted the debate ? 
  ww2 was really about japan , and hitler and germany were just a side show . 
  ahh , i seem to have misinterpreted your stance then , sorry !, 
  the correct term is anglosphere , as it referes to a multicultural multiethnic set of people , not descendants of the anglo/saxon tribes . 
  [ he 's coming for you ] ( http://resources1.news.com.au/images/2010/02/09/1225828/510117-tony-abbott.jpg ), 
  the anglosphere integration goes along way beyond that though , most professional qualifications are recognised as of equal value between the countries , i.e. 
  my cousin is an australian got her law degree in australia , worked for an australian company and transfered to the london office for 3 years . 
  there is close economic and cultural and military integration ,, 
  no , the irish come from the gaelic tribes ( but more specifically some sub-set of ) , where as the english come from the anglo saxon tribes . 
  this , of course , is a ridiculously simplified explanation . 
   does n't change the fact that the issues pointed in shakespeare 's plays are mostly centered on england could you give some examples of what shakespeare has ignored ? 
  during my schooling in australia one of the points that was taught about shakespeare that makes him so relevant , is that his plays and sonnets dealt with every aspect of human life . 
  i 'm not an expert on shakespeare , but your claim is rather large and needs some evidence . 
  anglo-sphere would be a more appropriate translation , as it is culture and language that defines it more than a relation to germanic tribes from over a thousand years ago . 
  i 'm genuinely shocked that australia is n't in the unrestricted category . 
  using semicolons is like labeling something ironic ; 80 % of the time you are just hoping no-one calls your bluff . 
  interestingly enough `` a supranational union is a supranational polity which lies somewhere between a confederation that is an and association of states and a federation that is a state . '', 
  is the definition given on wikipedia . 
  i find the eu quite interesting , as it currently runs many parrellels to pre federation and early federation australia , imo actually has more powers and and plays a larger role than the initial australian federation did - which was largely developed to deal with issues such as a common military , increased economic cooperation , a common immigration policy . 
  we did n't even have our own currencies or passports at the time of federation though , even if melbourne was the second largest city in the british empire and the richest . 
  we quote common law decisions going as far back as magna carta in 1215 !, 
  honestly , i never understood the civil law system ( i think it 's called ) that europe has . 
  umm , curiously , as romania was a part of the ussr in 1944 , what happened to the legal system for romania after the fall of the ussr ? 
  were the same laws kept , or was everything re-written/copied from another eu country ? 
  honestly , i have no idea what we 're doing right in australia that we do n't have these same problems . 
  immigrant kids tend to do slightly better , we 're well ranked in pisa and 25 % of australians are first generation and another 25 % are second generation . 
  the only theory i have is that we started taking in people of different cultures significantly more post ww2 ( the campaign was populate or perish ) after 50 years of isolation in terms of immigration . 
  it says that 48 % of immigrant students failed to make the grade in maths , i 'm curious as to how this compared to non-immigrant students , does anyone know that answer to this ? 
  no , the american system is n't a common law system as such . 
  but they have legal president which is similar . 
  one of the benefits of the common law system is that laws are n't required to be written for specific cases , as are more general , and the judges interpret those laws for specific cases based on previous judge decisions . 
  are previous judge decisions not used in the romanian legal system ? 
  ahh yes , the swedish language elective , offered so frequently around the world ... 
  the lecturers themselves probably are n't swedish and likely wo n't speak it any better than english . 
  oi , the mining boom ended earlier this year !, 
  we now prefer the term ` cheap resource rich ' / s, 
  by definition migrants have to had been back born in a foreign country . 
  so those boys em in america are n't my grants urregardless of their ancestors, 
  europe does n't have the money to fix north africa , regardless of wether or not it is possible for re-colonisation to work . 
  i just wish this was n't relevant : https://www.humanrights.gov.au/our-work/asylum-seekers-and-refugees/national-inquiry-children-immigration-detention-2014, 
  technically seeking asylum is a right and not illegal , hence they are n't in our sovereign territory illegally if they seek asylum, 
  it 's a complete media blackout under the abbott government , we simply do n't know anything about the effectiveness of its methods . 
  or an unrelated correlation, 
  it 's othername is authoritarian capitalism, 
  welcome to the world of online voting , we 've been doing in in australia for a few years in nsw without issue  . 
  in fact , we had a problem last federal election where some votes were lost in wa which sent the entire state back to the poles for their senate votes, 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/swag_ ( bedroll ), 
  in australia hen refers to a female chicken , but what ever the scottish do in their bedrooms is their business / s, 
  i was an exchange student in finland and found it hilarious when people would get he/she mixed up when talking about their bf/gf in english - when my brother came to visit he thought that most finns were in some sort of polygamous type relationships at first . 
  i praised this so often when i was learning finnish, 
  i find it slightly confusing as an australian english speaker , e.g. 
  what do they do for work ? 
  it 's just slightly confusing . 
  i 'm curios about your thoughts on how your proposed system work with what we have in australia ( and if you have similar institutions in germany ) . 
  we 've had compulsory voting in australia for about a century now ( from memory i think it became compulsory just after ww1 ) and we consistently get voter turnout of about 95 % . 
  voting is only made compulsory by a $ 50 that will be mailed to you and you 'll have to pay . 
  furthermore our national broadcaster has produced a [ ` vote compas ' ] ( http://votecompass.com/ ) which sends you though a series of questions to give people an idea of which party most alines with what they would like to vote for . 
  no , she 's a part of the system so it 's all fair game, 
  no , voting is an obligation, 
  well , some might say that canada has an evil empire next door too .
