  the white australia policies we had until the 70 's ? 
  or our current multicultural policies ? 
  i love immigration into australia , i love that we are a multicultural country with one of the highest immigration rates in the world , it 's great we are n't facing the age population time bomb that europe is ... 
  but this is n't what we call immigration , and will only end in tears . 
  naa , the australian markets are already up from yesterday , it 's just a sharemarket wobble from some stocks in china being over valued . 
  that guy in the grey jumper looks like he 's busting some pretty good moves . 
  it 's not really an example of a planned economy , it 's protectionism , which in theory takes away incentives for local business to try and be competitive ( one would assume though that the plummeting ruble already does this ) . 
  it 's akin to raising tariffs on foreign agricultural products , which deffo does n't happen at all in the eu ( please buy our aussie sugar and beef !, 
  oi , do n't mock australia 's autonomous eastern islands !, 
  i swear they are real !, 
  edit : we love you kiwis !, 
   would it still be satire if he walked around and made people tell him if something is from australia or not , then complained about it if it was n't ? 
  yes . 
   but the rest is just him complaining . 
  yes , this too would be satire . 
  things * may * ( honestly , i have no idea , i 'm australian , how much do you think we hear about ukraine ? ), 
  have been better then , but was the system sustainable for another 25 years ? 
  probably not . 
  the australian economy of the 80 's would tank in todays world . 
  since the russians lost the cold war any everyone wanted out of the ussr ? 
  edit : to be pedantic : * since when is ukraine a real country ? 
  ... electricity prices can fall ? 
   the maritime museum in auckland is practically a shrine to the man . 
  ca n't speak for the kiwis , but there is nothing closer to a historical hero in australian history , or anyone we worship in spite of any faults , than captain cook . 
  it 's rather hard to say when we stopped completely thinking of ourselves as british , it started with ww1 ( our soldiers saw they had a different culture ) , and after ww2 ( where the empire could n't defend against japanese aggression ) we really began to start thinking that we were australian and not citizens of the empire . 
  but we still blame any bad relations with aboriginals on british governance . 
  sorry , i know it was a 6 month boat trip , so lizzy 's grandparents did n't have any direct control , but the narrative worked out that way - we did a crap job of race relations for a long time , so to live peacefully we use the british as the scapegoat . 
   the voyages of great explorers like cook , shackleton and scott were borne from the needs of the empire to secure our naval dominance and/or press claims on new territory . 
  it 's really interesting that you say that you ( i 'm inferring that you mean the british people ) think of it as this history as being british , in australia we think of these three explorers as being apart of a shared history , as they played a vital part in australia 's history , and also were connected to australia in their exploration of the south pole . 
  china ca n't produce all it 's own raw materials in it 's borders , so it 's trying to buy up farming and mining in other countries - it 's a big debate in australia as we are one of those countries that china is heavily investing in . 
  i have no idea , but some guy biting into a beer can in an australian supermarket and then askin people why they are n't buying australian beer would count as satire here ( that 's apparently a brief translation of the first minute or two ) . 
  just flicked this to my russian sister in law , she watched a little bit , and said it was satire . 
  but she said she did n't recognise any of the logos in the video : s edit : brother in law says it 's also satire , and hilarious - and he 's a self professed putin fan . 
  also , the current system is supported by both major parties now . 
  i 'm not sure how well accepted it is by the general population , but i would guess that it has majority support now . 
  do n't worry eesti , putin is doing his best to make russia and russian irrelevant . 
  you really should n't post someone else address on the internet like that ... 
  just write it in both , not that it maters, 
   first world countries this is terrible nit picky of me , and totally off topic , but first world referred to americas allies in the cold war , and second world referred to the ussrs allies in the cold war , and third world were the unallied countries . 
  this might make you happy as a dane , technically sweden was a third world country . 
  i think the world ` developed ' besides being more accurate , would actually help make your point better , because you are arguing that germany would loose it 's level of development with all the refugees/boat-people/economic migrants that may not be productive members of society . 
  help mods !, 
  i 'm being ethnically oppressed !, 
  ban all news about australia !, 
  pay debts, 
  we more or less agree , i do n't get why you are being so confrontational , i just think that it needs to be pointed out that a central point of tony abbott 's policy was to do it 's best to deny access of the media as best they could to access to information to what is going on - this would be much harder to achieve in europe than in australia . 
  yes , some info gets out , much to tony 's vexation . 
   he media is still trying to get information . 
  yes , but they get very very little . 
  we hear more about what happening in federal cabinet these days . 
  on watching what 's going on in europe , with kos , calais and italy ( as specifics ) many australians now agree with the turn back the boats policy , we are painfully aware that we are the wealthiest country in the region , on a huge continent with a tiny population surrounded by much more populated countries above us . 
  it 's the main reason we sent foreign aid to indonesia , so that we do n't have a failed state with 18 times the population above us , unlike europe with one or two or three countries in civil war and falling apart . 
  no , the labour party agreed at the labour party conference a few weeks ago that their policy is not to turn back the boats . 
  the only difference between labour and liberal on this is how many refugees we accept , boat people is now a unity ticket ( much like entitlements ) . 
  but no one coming by boat will be settled in australia by either of our two parties , they just disagree on administrative details . 
  [ `` we do n't report on on operational matters '' ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/worldtoday/content/2015/s4253747.htm ) . 
  it 's government policy to have a black out . 
  this is well known and accepted . 
  http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/queensland/first-boat-arrival-since-media-blackout-rules-20130922-2u7po.html http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/news/nsw/coalition-says-media-outlets-will-not-be-told-when-illegal-boats-arrive-until-weekly-briefings/story-fni0cx12-1226724431068 http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-01-08/government-considers-plan-to-buy-lifeboats-to-ferry-asylum-seek/5189722 http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/federal-election-2013/number-of-arrivals-may-be-a-secret-20130903-2t3cz.html articles from all three major media organisations in australia , fairfax , newscorp and the abc , this is n't a conspiracy , this is common knowledge in australia . 
  i agree with tony abbots turn back the boats solution , i think it 's necessary to be a bit more honest about it though if europe intends to mimic it . 
  edit : i do n't see a single post in / r/australia in your history , so i guess that 's how you could n't know this . 
  we do n't have any information , it has been a complete media black out . 
  viable for australia as his is all happening hundreds of km away from where we all live , not so viable for europe . 
   schengen [ and its information system ] is a separate system from the eu though . 
  i 'm not the average australian , i understand the difference between schengen and the eu ( i 'm here in / r/europe after all ) . 
  but there are still people arriving into schengen and eu , but the eu is n't dealing with it , so all the schengen countries have to deal with those consequences . 
  so effectively ( but i guess with all the countries in the way , not many people go all the way up to norway ? 
  ) , you experience the effects of the open border/ignore what 's going on in the mediterranean , and you do n't even get to influence the eu to deal with it directly ? 
  but norway is in schengen , so it 's effectively still your problem ? 
  is n't the analogy that if our federal government was nearly non existent in australia , but tasmania decided not to be involved at all but accept all the laws made by it and accept the free movement of people , then people kept landing in western australia . 
  yes , it 's far away and difficult to get between by land , but there are no border checks . 
  honestly , norway 's half in half out situation with the eea and eu , and schengen is a little confusing from the other side of the planet . 
  edit : i just re-read that and it probably sounds a bit confrontational , i honestly am confused . 
  yea , but i 'd rather spend 90 days in prague than the uk , at least the beer is cold :p, 
  technically , he was calling you spineless , not in-humane . 
  spineless : in that nothing is happening with the issue and these migrant tent cities are popping up all over , and your politicians are spineless to do anything about it . 
  your pollies can only dodge the issue for so long . 
  but yes , you are more humane and nicer with the open arms to all approach . 
  yea , but more and more of eastern ( agreed , more exciting ) europe is a part of the schengen tourist visa . 
  i do n't want to sound like i 'm complaining , it 's not like 90 days is n't pretty generous as is , and there are n't that many cases where it matters outside of a gap year style backpacking and old people doing a really really grand tour style thing . 
   most people just do n't really think about it at all in australia yeah , i was scratching my head to try and think about what other australians would think about it , because most people do n't really care , i doubt the average australian even knows that their is an elected eu parliament , let alone how this works with the council of europe and schengen . 
  i mean , there is the talk about almost a decade of economic stagnation and the line ` we do n't want to be the next greece ' ( the fact that people think this is even possible shows how little they think about it ) thrown about , and feeling a bit weird/confused that we 've leapfrogged every eu country economically in the last 10 years , but i do n't think people give it more than 10 seconds of thought , it just does n't really affect us . 
  i guess there is a bit of confusing about how the eu has n't managed to pull itself out of this long crisis , but i do n't think people give it too much thought beyond that . 
   travel in schengen actually , schengen makes it more frustrating/complicated for australians to stay in europe for a long time as tourists , instead of each individual country giving us a 90 day visa , so it makes a long long back packing holiday a bit more complicated . 
  extra : also , there is a bit of confusion about why the eu is n't able to do anything about the crisis in ukraine and seems to have given up on an investigation into mh17 , along with the inaction about the variety of failed states that are cropping up in africa . 
  we do n't have any un-documented workers/migrants/refugees on the streets like you see all over , for example , spain , france , italy , and we 'd like to keep it that way . 
  we have the second highest immigration rate per capita though . 
  we simple only allow 20,000 refugees in per year , as i understand it this puts us as one of the most generous countries in per capita refugee intake in the developed world , and we process them in neighbouring countries . 
  well that 's ' what 's meant to be happening , but we get leaked reports of human rights abuses in these processing centres which sucks . 
  you do n't need allies when you have 30,000 + nukes, 
  currently visiting russia and viewing reddit on my phone , i 've got a sim card with ` mts rus ' , il guessing the ban will take time ? 
   there is spicy food in europe , i assure you . 
  no aversion at all , i do n't think . 
  definitely , love me some chorizo , one of my best friends girlfriends is hungarian and her goulash is amazing , but the scale and duration and diversity of migration into the anglosphere probably resulted in an average of more people eating spicer cuisine . 
  maybe . 
  but , well , when we are talking about generalisations of hundreds of millions of people , it 'll be as accurate as trying to draw europe with yours eyes closed after spinning around in circles and then blindfolding yourself , while drunk . 
  not to mention that i 'm generalising about the entire anglosphere and not just europe , and i 've only lived in australia and nz ( we have freedom of movement between our two countries ) , and visited the others briefly . 
  it 's probably also a combination of the fact that traditional british food which is what our colonies were eating before we became more multicultural is kind of ... boring . 
  i mean , there is only so many times you can eat 3 meat and veg , or bangers and mash . 
  thank god for multiculturalism !,
