  so , like australia , even though most people approve of marriage equality , in germany it 's not an issue that most people would change their vote on ? 
  we did n't legalise homosexuality completely ( it 's a state issue ) until 1996 ( fucking tasmania ) , and we did n't have to deal with the ussr , poles are still good in my books . 
  ... can i just pretend i 'm not an atheist ? 
  i promise i wo n't tell anyone . 
  interestingly enough , one of my best friend 's parents are polish refugees from the ussr , poles are awesome . 
  i remember reading an article about australian political poles that talked about the math behind our poles , and that they needed about 3,500 to give an accuracy of + / -2 % for australia . 
  i ca n't find it , but the 200 used for this sample does seem a bit small , does anyone know the math for this ? 
  also , anything above 0 % makes them more progressive than my own pm . 
  he has a gay sister , who had 4 kids and a so , i 've met two of his daughters when i lived in sydney because we had mutual gay friends ( btw , i 'm gay ) . 
  can i get european refugee status yet ? 
  curiously , why is angela merkel against gay marriage ? 
  our prime minister tried his hand at being a priest and plays his religion very openly ( which is odd for australia ) , and uses religious reasons for his opposition ( it should be noted , that our pm has a gay sister who is an out spoken advocate for marriage equality ) . 
  i do n't know a lot about angela , but she 's a scientist by training ( unlike our pm who was a journalist then a politician ) , and usually very pragmatic and well thought out ( again , unlike our pm ) . 
  is there a dominate narrative in germany as to why angela is against marriage equality ? 
  that what / r/europe says about muslims that do n't want to touch/talk to women as a part of their job too . 
  i think he 's making the point that gay people have the same drive to be parents as straight people , they just have to take a different route . 
  lesbians finding a friend to donate sperm , adoption , foster parent systems , etc , and that gay people tend to find a way if that 's what they want to do . 
  of course , there are always people that do n't want to be parents straight or gay . 
  holy shit , germany muslims are more progressive than my own prime minister . 
  do n't be ridiculous , danish is n't a real language . 
  denmark is actually a country of 5.5 million telepaths that mumble to each other out-loud , to not freak the rest of the world out . 
  that 's why you should always be up to date with your insurance , then you 'll get it all back and no-one has to die . 
  i ca n't believe this is happening on the eu 's doorstep and they ca n't do anything about it :(, 
  no , belgium is the capital of france . 
  we also have an elected upper house based on proportional representation with preferential and compulsory voting . 
  no , my party does n't win , i 'm a greens voter . 
  but due to our [ preferential voting system ] ( http://koalaland.com.au/wp-content/uploads/web-700-cant-waste-vote-single-image.png ) , voters ca n't ` waste ' their vote . 
  i 'm quite happy with the australian fptp system with preferential voting , and compulsory voting for our lower house . 
  are n't the reasons that the irish speak english a bit more complicated than all the other kids speaking it ? 
  there were the potato famines , and the mass emigration and the english colonisation forcing everyone to speak english ? 
  we do n't know , there has been a complete media black out on the parliaments orders . 
  media blackout ? 
  pay people smugglers to traffic people to indonesia ? 
   so sending them back there would break pretty much every international treaty about ~ ~ immigration ~ ~ refugees ftfy, 
  children were the first type of slaves imo , people in rural-poor backgrounds usually had as many as possible as they were free labour for the family farm . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  that is a horrifyingly sad subreddit :(, 
  neither of those are a part of the european union , it 's one thing for a failed state in europe , it 's much worse for a failed state to develop within the european union . 
  i think he was being sarcastic ? 
  the australian problem is a bit different in a way i do n't think you have considered . 
  in terms of scale the refugees/economic migrants ( what ever the % mix is ) coming across to australia is significantly smaller on a per capita basis . 
  and lastly , there are a-lot more ` gate way ' countries in south-east asia between australia and where the refugees/economic migrants are coming from , none of our immediate neighbours are source countries , instead they are coming from as far away as sri lanka and myanmar . 
  i personally hate our solution , but it has led to a less people claiming refugee status . 
  ( there has been a complete media blackout of the boats , so we do n't know anything ) . 
  or even better yet , come to newcastle australia !, 
  every other march is a hetrosexual march . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  the thing about economists is that they successfully predicted 9 out of the last 4 crashes . 
  but of russia made it look you attacked them first , and threatened europe with nukes . 
  fewer countries would back up finland , as russia comes over the border seeking ` revenge ' . 
  the unbeatable irish optimism strikes again !, 
  of course there is : white-bread . 
  most germanic languages see spaces as optional , english uses hyphens . 
  it 's not often a white anglophone gets to complain about people being racist against us , let us enjoy the moment !, 
  haha , that 's gold !, 
  i understood the generally accepted rule for why we refer to germans in ww2 as nazi and not germans , is because germany does n't try/want to be a successor to nazi germany . 
  i honestly ca n't recall a single time in australian media where i hear about the rich gulf nations and their take on the ` refugee crisis ' , but we quite frequently here about the european perspective , and also australia 's regional partners in the issue ( cambodia , indonesia , singapore ... etc ) . 
  the rich gulf nations are building custom island/hotel complexes and throwing money all over the place ... it just seems odd that the eu has n't engaged them in the issue at all , i 'm guessing that i 've just missed the dialogue with them ? 
  i 'm aware that syria 's neighbours have taken a lot of syrians in , but there are a lot more refugees in the region from different countries . 
  i ' b beginning to think that europe needs to take this whole russia vs ukraine issue alot more seriously . 
  but the british edition covers british issues/audiences , and the australian edition covers australian issues/audiences . 
  but the do publish individual editions for their different anglophone markets , for example this one would n't come up on the front page for the australian edition . 
  where is the voice of the rich gulf nations in all this ? 
  why are n't they taking in any refugees and is anyone talking about it ? 
  so over the 2 decades since the 90 's , how did you go from 300k to 120k ? 
  did a lot of ukrainians go back to ukraine ? 
  step 1 , compete in eurovision . 
  step 2 , join eu . 
  step 3 , tony abbot moves back to england . 
  step 4 , leave eu and leave abbot in england . 
  step 6 , profit . 
  [ it 's only a matter of time before we incorporate the kiwis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=renrilqwhjs ), 
  i was up at 5am , but it was hilarious to get sms updates from my mum when it screened in the evening . 
  i think our [ logan ] ( http://p1.pichost.me/i/66/1908501.jpg ) can take your logan anyway mate . 
  that is an epically awesome song !, 
  would have gotten all my votes !, 
  i just got an intense feeling to re-watch muruils wedding again * there goes 2 hours *, 
  i 'd pay to watch it live at the opera house at 5am !, 
  maybe we just love craptastic stuff !, 
  stop being so clingy , it 's been 114 years . 
  we are n't as insular as the americans ? 
  i dunno , but the show gets a million viewers which is pretty good for 5am on a sunday . 
  stop being clingy . 
  australia loves you sweden !, 
  this ca n't be true ... 
  if marriage is restricted to between a man in a woman , then marriage is illegal , i.e. 
  it wo n't be recognized by the state . 
  hardly seems fair , russia would have to at least double their army for it to be a fair fight, 
  nsa confirms . 
  really ? 
  i 'd like to read about it but i could n't find a good source ( not knowing what to search ) , do you have one ? 
  [ exactly , in the australian system parties currently get $ 1.8 / vote . 
  ] ( http://www.aec.gov.au/parties_and_representatives/public_funding/current_funding_rate.htm ) ( this was introduced 1918 , along with universal suffrage and compulsury voting ) . 
  [ there were some recent changes in one of our territories that changed the public funding level to $ 5.68 / per vote ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-02-17/plan-to-scrap-political-donation-cap-defended-by-act-government/6121106 ) . 
  what is your personal opinion ? 
  if that 's not too forward of me . 
  ninjas, 
   rape ** reported rape ** ftfy, 
  [ no , i 'm sorry , dancing grandmothers ... always ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgustrmjzyc ), 
  i imagine every european country has something exactly like a current affair , and daily telegraph front pages .
