  fat shaming culture, 
  i came for eurovision , but i 'll hang around for the wingy pommy bashing . 
  it seems like they put themselves into a bad position with that one . 
  they are risking being painted into a corner of `` non-european tax '' and the racism discussion that will provoke , and on the other hand , plenty of europeans are employed by the nhs so they are putting a large tax on themselves and an already over burdened nhs . 
  it 's called la forge principle . 
  besides oil like the other poster mentioned , it also correlates to the initial outbreak and spread of aids in africa , and de-colonisation was still going on in the 70 , decolonisation mostly did n't leave behind any educated people to run things ( or much in the way of infastructure that was n't about selling raw materials , so few hospitals/schools etc ) , which is why they probably could n't respond to all these crises in the same decade . 
  lol , 6000 for poland . 
  i 'm 99 % sure that is n't going to happen . 
   trade within the eu has increased 30 % since 1992 this seems like a stat that was just thrown out there which does n't look good and does n't really mean anything either without clarification . 
  this seems rather lack luster for a 25 year period ( though without it being defined , it 's hard for me to find something to compare it to ) ? 
  also , how is ` trade ' quantified to come up with a 30 % increase ? 
  value ? 
  amount ? 
  just imports ? 
  just exports ? 
  both added together ? 
  the balance of trade ? 
   some arguments i 've seen going around and traced back sources for !, 
  i think you forgot to weave together your stated facts into some sort of narrative . 
  it 'd be interesting to see how the eu as a customs union compares in results to other custom unions or other countries not in a customs union . 
  [ they have a museum dedicated to penises ] ( http://phallus.is/en/gallery.html ) , which i think is pretty awesome . 
  are there some sort of rules that prevent subtitles during the live broadcast ? 
  we do n't have subtitles during the live broadcast at 5am , but our re-broadcast at 7:30 pm has subtitles . 
  we 've been massive fans for decades , with millions of us watching it every year , and been begging to join . 
  culminating in our [ audition in denmark ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tusji8nksj0 ) . 
  the sbs is basically the proxy for sony music , sony is the one that paid all the fees and chooses the talent . 
  it 's gps , not all doctors in the graph . 
  [ congratulations portugal for winning with an amazing song !, 
  2067 , ca n't wait for our turn !, 
  it 's an elaborate french plot to get their hands on our uranium reserves by distracting us with glitter . 
  is that a gold train i hear ? 
   is there something wrong with the education system in canada that you turned out stupid . 
  well it 's not like we learn a single thing about the colonisation process in canada at all in australia . 
  and people with a convict heritage make up about 20 % of australians today , any idea on when they became a minority of the population ? 
  the american revolution in a way is basically the reason australia was a more or less exclusively british colony . 
  all the british convicts were shipped to the usa until they rebelled , and then they needed somewhere else , so they shipped them to australia . 
  the french actually had a ship or two around sydney harbor when the first fleet landed . 
  it was only after they started shipping people here and had a population that they found the vast mineral wealth i.e newcastle is still the largest coal exporting port in the world today , and was the second colony in australia , made up of the worst convicts from sydney , and a large part of fueling the industrial revolution in britain . 
  fun fact : the mineral wealth in newcastle , was only discovered because a convict stole a ship from sydney and sailed it north to the newcastle area , and the royal navy noticed all the coal in the cliff faces in newcastle . 
  i do n't think that makes us unwelcoming to immigrants at all , and is rather un-related . 
  we have to decide who we let in over those that we do n't , [ as our net migration rate is about twice that of belgium for example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_net_migration_rate ) , as we have an upper limit on the quotas for different visa types . 
  which means we need to make that judgement based on some sort of criteria . 
  `` have to prove a lot you are going to contribute if you are to stay permanently . '', 
  does n't seem like an unreasonable criteria to base that decision on ? 
  it 's a decision that needs to be made as more people want to move here than we can reasonable allow , and i do n't think having an upper limit on migration and having a criteria for who gets in makes us unwelcoming to immigrants . 
  should we let in people who do n't want to '' ... contribute if you are to stay permanently . '', 
  over those that do ? 
  would n't pass the pub test . 
  what else do you think we should base that decision on ? 
  it 's not their fault , the french disease always makes people go a bit batty in the head . 
   and i argue in australia 's case that is debatable . 
  they are really strict towards immigrants in every way and you really have to prove a lot you are going to contribute if you are to stay permanently . 
  well australia has a significantly higher rate of immigration and immigrants as a percent of the population [ ( 27 % for australia vs 12 % for germany , 10 % for france and 9 % of the uk ... or 7 % for belgium ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_and_dependent_territories_by_immigrant_population ) than anywhere in europe ( and anywhere in the world , bar canada which we are on par with ) . 
  the reality is that lots of people want to move here due to our strong economy , nice weather , and english being the main language , there is n't anywhere else in the world besides ... florida and maybe so cal ? . 
  which means we have to be more selective than european countries as many more people want to move here than we can let in . 
  it has n't always been the case , but now we are a highly attractive immigrant destination and that has to be managed . 
  every country has something like a ` redneck ' ( e.g. 
  bogan in australia , chav in the uk ) , so ` redneck ' has become the general reference word that everyone uses because we all know it . 
  we had subtitles in australia for our 7:30 pm broadcast , but not our live one at 5:00 am . 
  we will take their permanent spot !, 
  we even have a union jack on our flag , so it 's not like much would have changed . 
  the colonies strike back ? 
   ve day i imagine it 's because it was n't the day ww2 ended for the empire , there was still japan to be dealt with after all . 
  it 's like a budget version of romania . 
   for example , nl has no government now and has a similar rule to be fair , you 're comparing apples and oranges . 
  the nl election was over a month ago ( and on a side note , you do n't have a government yet ? 
  going for another world record again ? 
  ) , so whatever your rule is , it is n't the same as the uks `` prevent the government signing up to anything sensitive in the ** run-up ** to a vote '' . 
   strict u.k. election rules prevent the government signing up to anything sensitive in the run-up to a vote . 
  according to those guidelines , during the immediate period before an election , the government must `` observe discretion in initiating any new action of a continuing or long-term character '' that would bind the next administration . 
  the `` purdah '' period , as it is known , started on saturday , april 22 , before last week 's budget meeting . 
  who is cutting all these onions !, 
  australia is the foreign exchange student that does n't pay any attention to anything in class , and is sneaking off and getting drunk every other night . 
  same here in australia . 
  but granny also has some sweets she keeps in them for when the grandkids come around . 
  and yet we are in eurovision , it 's almost like the name is n't a make and break . 
  do n't be ridiculous , most of europes area is dark blue !, 
  a decade of 25 % youth unemployment is fine ? 
  saying ' ... a massive grain of salt ' means treating it with even more skepticism than ' ... a grain of salt ' , which means treating it with skepticism . 
  [ mfw ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/37h5xhwrxuhpq/giphy.gif )  death to fascists  fuck fascism, 
  only in france , not belgium where the quoted exit polls are from . 
  but his specific reforms are way beyond what the eu will accept , so it 's frexit but with a but more dramatic flair . 
  if the results go too far to the right , it 's a frexit attempt by le pen , but if they go too left , then it 's an exit attempt by m\u00e9lenchon . 
  good on them though . 
   declare wahabism hate speech , ban saudi funding of mosques , ban wahabist preachers from enetering france , kick out wahabists from france . 
  so a valencia filter then ? 
  tell him/her they are a good doggo from me !, 
  ( just for being a doggo , not waking you up ), 
  points for turning up mate . 
  this one goes to the bulgarians . 
  me too , which i was quit surprised by . 
  tea in the thames , as the usa , own the uk as a vassel . 
  sad !, 
  also , any british mp can call for a general election , it just needs a majority vote . 
  hence it 's pretty much always a prime minister as they control the party that has the majority of parliament . 
  may has n't technically called a general election , she has called for a vote in parliament for a general election , which is expected to pass as no-one is opposing it . 
  the queen is the head of state in the uk , and in all the commonwealth realms ( though her power is exercised by the governor general ) . 
  he 's this subs favourite troll , absolutely hilarious . 
  well it 's almost anzac day , round 2 then mates ? 
  2.5 million vote so far , having a simple poll probably makes that article the one of the most clicked on one this week .
