  there was a function she held in the few months before brexit , where she reportedly asked something alone the lines of `` what is stopping us from leaving the eu '' . 
  this found its way to the daily mail , and created a narrative . 
  ( i 'd love to find a link , but all the google results in australia are about the outfit ) . 
  in hindsight , i 'll admit , as a semi republican australian ( monarchist until she passes away in 2232 ) , i found it influential , her political career is over 6 decades long . 
  i think the eu is amazing , and i have said before i would vote for australia joining , but in hindsight of this subtle message , i think the balance will now tip in the uk towards against leaving the eu in a heavy way . 
  personally , i think lizzy is sending a rare signal to her constituents , which she rarely/never ever does ( sorry , but a speech in europe is not the same level as a new government interms of coverage of what the queen does ) . 
  personally , i am 100 % on i think in the most british fashion she has given the up yours to may , while giving her the excuse of it 's all protocol and ceremony , and nothing to be offended about . 
  she just dressed in blue , with yellow stars on her hat , for the election of a brexit party . 
  i can only contribute this to scotland proposing to leaving the uk . 
  lizzies great acheivment as a monarch was seeing the dissolution of the empire without the deaths of hundreds of thousands unlike france and portugal , but part of her does n't want to see the dissolution of the uk , that would be a step too fart , and so she has given her hint the the public with this . 
  never undervalue the british tendency to understatement , they are terrible at it now , but lizzy has been around for decades . 
  i am 100 % certain this outfit is an indicator to us . 
  wow , so many negative comments . 
  i find this amazing , and so i 'll way in with a non-eu perspective . 
  lets put it this way : without reconstruction , its an economic hit , which is bad for the eu and the eurozone , with it , it 's an economic boom . 
  this is just one tool in the tool belt to keep the european economy stable . 
  i find this a fascinating parallel to the solidarity/recovery tax we had in australia when queensland had a massive cyclone . 
  afaik queensland would have to pay an insane level of insurance to insure the state from natural disaster ( as in the infrastructure ) , so instead they decided to pay into a fund that would reinvest itself and pay for anything that insurance would . 
  but , due to a once in a century storm , a huge amount of infrastructure and peoples homes were destroyed , that was too expensive for queensland to pay itself , without economically crippling it , and by extension , the australian economy . 
  a 2 % disaster levy on income was introduced so that the federal government could intervene ( more or less the same as this solidarity fund ) , it was controversial , many people were pissed off ( why am i paying more for queensland not being prepared/responsible ? 
  ) , but we did it and queensland did n't go into recession and the australian economy stayed strong , and we currently have the worlds longest record without recession . 
  the eu is doing the exact same thing , investing in a member during a downturn caused by a natural disaster , so they can recover economically . 
  ( i 'm assuming that italy is looking after it 's people in the interim , and this money is for reconstruction , and the negativity seems to be about money ) just like italy , queensland is a net payer state . 
  if she had just hinted before the brexit vote that she was pro remain , then all this could have been avoided . 
  old rich people have terrible hair , so they try to cover it up . 
  lizzy predates the german constitution , i 'm sure she could be grandmothered in . 
  i was just explaining what you willfully decided to misinterpret . 
  i could n't care less about european radicalisation . 
  actually he 's saying the exact opposite , he said that albania has the lowest chance of a muslim radicalising . 
  can someone make a version of the australian flag with the union jack replaced by the european blue and stars on slant like this ? 
  i think it would look better . 
  irish is everyones sexual preference . 
  is that the motto of sufi muslims , or this particular mosque ? 
  edit : typo, 
  they just assumed you were replying to the question you were replying to , which said ` western europe ' . 
  they rightfully did n't assume you were talking about europe generally . 
  to be fair , a lot of islamic terrorists say that they are acting out of revenge for the wests interference in the middle east . 
  revenge and terrorism are n't mutually exclusive . 
  big if true, 
  [ way ahead of you mate ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/small-business/entrepreneur/australian-entrepreneurs-sell-cans-of-clean-air-to-china-20160502-gojugx.html ), 
  yes . 
  i could not say it better myself . 
  europe < 3, 
  i never realised until now that latvia is shaped like australia , but with a much larger bite taken out at the top and bottom . 
  is `` i want there to be no peasant in europe so poor that he will not have a chicken in his pot every sunday '' a reference to something/someone ? 
  is `` i want there to be no peasant in europe so poor that he will not have a chicken in his pot every sunday '' a reference to something/someone ? 
  he was our weapon of last resort , unfortunately he escaped the lab and has gone on to terrorise both us , and the world . 
  people get beat up and detained at those . 
  only in uncivilised countries , the rest of us just have a massive party . 
  all the angloaphere countries also tend to move vaguely insync with each other politically , but mostly in orbit around the usa exactly because we all speak the same language and consume mostly the same media , and the usa is by far the largest . 
  does that have any effect on the opinion of trump by slavic people ? 
  or is it just fun trivia for them . 
  more land ? 
  just leave the usa out and i 'm in . 
  a hung parliament prediction ? 
  well this will be an interesting 5 years for britain . 
  down with the uk !, 
  they drink their beer warm !, 
  bunch of savages !, 
  does nasa have a re-usable space craft ? 
  if so , how does the european design differ ? 
   7 were french well to be fair , the british have spend the best part of a millennia trying to remove the french from europe . 
  i guess you get to choose , and it 's just important to be consistent in the context , just like how i can use british or american spelling , i just have to be consistent . 
  i 've always put the $ after the amount though as i thought that 's what happened in every country that used the euro ? 
  definitely , it 's an extremely common expression that would be used here . 
  it 's just a co-incidence that the word ` flair ' is also the word we use to describe the flags on this subreddit . 
  the only example of terrorist act against an ally in peacetime to boot . 
  i 'd vote for it . 
  id much prefer to be an eu member and get a say in the direction the group/alliance works , than being caught in the usas orbit with no say in it 's direction . 
  just before i reply , because you gave me so much to process . 
  thanks mate !, 
  ( after the who first paragraphs it gets a bit more controversial in an interesting way , as we have also had a constitutional crisis - and i had no idea that nz had ) . 
  edit : way to late in the night , laters , but thanks !, 
   police and cars being immolated need me to write it in a useful language like mandarin , spanish or english again ? 
  really ca n't . 
  if you feel like that behavior is normal , fair enough , i ca n't see any way in the next 20 years that would be considered anything besides wtf in australia . 
  i also do n't think you do either , and you are deflecting . 
  thanks !, 
  this follow up question is only partially related , but can the queen/king ever dissolved parliament in the uk ? 
  do they have that power ? 
  ( the queens rep in australia , our governor general has the power ) . 
  i should warn you , as a monarchist until lizz passing away in 2250 , who will then decide , i just assumed it was the same sit . 
  so basically , there is nothing protecting ( which is the vague british equivalent of our states ) scotland , ni and wales from being railroaded by england besides ... ? 
  even though i am from our biggest state going back a few generations ( the few we have !, 
  ) , having a senate that prevented this has caused several general goods . 
  for one , the birth of the global greens party when nsw ( sydney ) and vic ( melbourne ) wanted to [ dam a river in tasmania . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franklin_dam_controversy ) . 
  sorry , i probs sound like an idiot entering into a hundred year old debate , and asked way too many questions , but c'mon , can nothing literally stop england railroading the uk ? 
  half our population is just sydney melbourne and brisbane an they ca n't even hope to railroad the rest . 
  i think part of the fun of using the word like we do ( well me and my mates , i ca n't speak for australia ) , is because though technically correct in that it means `` take a look at '' it is n't meant this way . 
  it 's also a nice sounding word tbh . 
   our parties are broad churches and a three strike whip wo n't stop bachbenchers rebelling from whichever party that 's amazing . 
  is this something that in theory can happen , but in practice never happens in britain ? 
  or - i 'm guessing - the conventions have developed differently in our countries ? 
  its just so rare for an australian mp to cross the floor . 
  i 'm only asking because our `` tories '' ( the liberals ) call themselves a ` broad church ' that allows their mps to cross the floor at any time , but in practice it 's extremely rare . 
  though saying that , our government is sitting at a 1 seat majority , which has meant that the mps have our pms balls in a vice and he is ruled by the back bench . 
  many mps have threatened to cross the floor on many issues , which has meant that the conservative arm is controlling the party . 
  this has of course led to a major lead for labor ( the australian party is spelt the american way btw ) ( 56-44 , a landslides in our instant run off style voting system ) , and i very much doubt our pm will sit out his term . 
  malaysia is an interesting country on this front . 
  while i 'm not disagreeing with you , the province of sarawak on the island of borneo ( the one place without a muslim majority in malaysia ) does n't have freedom of movement with the rest of malaysia , they only get tourist visas to come over .
