no it 's not . 
  england and scotland are relatively speaking very similar in terms of wealth and needs . 
  germany and latvia are not . 
  our central bank has to make choices for us and us only , not 28 countries that are all very different from each other politically and in terms of wealth . 
  having a centralised currency is a bad idea when some countries are so rich and others so poor . 
  changes that may be good for one country may be bad for another and member states have no control over the currency . 
  this is like a sheep density map . 
  the uk has really high per capita music hits and our tv is also a global export . 
  there was a recent report where the uk came above the us as being the worlds strongest country in terms of soft power where we have a lot of influence and spread in terms of culture , the internet and business . 
  the us and uk do n't need good language education because the rest of the world learns our language . 
  feels good considering how poor i was at french and spanish . 
  that 's because there are so many chinese . 
  english is known by so many people , knowing english means you can communicate with the commonwealth nations , the us , numerous places in europe and africa . 
  knowing chinese wo n't help you in most of those places . 
  that 's because in my experience americans are really poor at recognising speech through accents . 
  i 've had friends have trouble with americans and they 're from the uk !, 
  i like to think it 's something that people from the uk are normally quite good at , recognising speech through an accent unless they are from the north of scotland , no one can understand that . 
  i 'd say this is true . 
  i 've got high level qualifications in english but i speak what i am about to type in my head as i do it . 
  or they are pushovers ? 
  well , you went for the last one and the other dozen in this thread, 
  you have to accept the us is just poor . 
  you do n't have to get so mad just because the us is poorer than western europe . 
  lol , sweden is n't socialist . 
  2nd is the first loser . 
  so is the uk, 
  that does n't save them money on sales tax . 
  but it does wipe out billions worth in sales when you have no native selling and lose some of apples biggest appeal . 
  yougov polling has showed people still are in favor of leave . 
  we already had months of debate and exploration , we voted to leave . 
  how is it democratic to block someone from running again for being popular . 
  again i do n't see how that is relevant to how many terms a leader can have . 
  and it does n't matter of it was may or cameron or boris because we do n't vote for a pm . 
  fptp beimg imperfect is not an argument for making it worse . 
  no , why is it a good thing blocking some one from having an extra term if people want to vote for them , that 's not very democratic . 
  why is that a good thing when it 's not what the people want . 
  i do n't see how that is relevant or gives a reason for having caps on terms . 
   two term limits for their highest leadership why would you want this ? 
  so you have a great leader and in your system they are forced out even if they had overwhelming popularity , that just seems stupid to be . 
  someone who is a terrible leader will be removed becasue they will be voted out for being terrible , term limits does not affect this . 
  she was only in for 11 years , cameron was due for 10 . 
  do they ever do that though ? 
  the queen could withhold her signature but it would never happen . 
  you better not be being sarcastic . 
  so you are suggesting we stay in the eu with only 48 % deciding that ? 
  surely these are mutually exclusive , any deal that has no net disadvantage to the uk/eu economy could not be one that at the same time acts as a deterrent to other countries . 
  those same polls put clinton ahead . 
  if sarkozy wins does n't that increase the chances for lepen ? 
  team gb just sounds better than team uk as well . 
  london has done it 3 times now . 
  i thought i could go one day without being triggered by brexit . 
  i would n't i 'm form the south east so i have a more typical accent i guess but the south west or those from up north can have some hard to decipher accents . 
  suggesting his policies are better . 
  http://labourlist.org/2016/08/clean-sweep-for-pro-corbyn-left-wingers-in-nec-elections/ well if its all becasue of the infighting and that 's never going to stop why does n't he resign becasue surely all he wants is a labour government . 
  the nec are in favour of him . 
   and now blame a party leader that wants to do it differently than them for their loss ? 
  that 's unlogical . 
  doing it differently does n't mean it will be better and the polling of labour and corbyn alone show that . 
  those mps were voted for in 2015 by there constituents to serve 5 years . 
  corbyn is the one who does n't represent voters . 
  the nec also in support of corbyn voted for the changes . 
  perhaps corbyn should step down after losing a vote of no confidence . 
  was behind before the infighting, 
  that 's becasue they 're fulfilling the referendum results , they would not leave of their own accord . 
  this government has moved to the centre soaking up labour voters . 
  it 's not moved to the right . 
  he was not picked by those constituent votes . 
  he was picked by a delusional membership . 
  you completely dodge that he has opinions that will mean he will never ever get in . 
  no matter how much is an asset members are they 're not going to fill a16 point lead . 
  mention the other two and merkel is polling top by a lot still . 
  the membership is not going to win an election . 
  he has been behind since he became leader . 
  he has unpopular opinion on a lot of stuff and come an election the tories will let loose . 
  the majority of labour mps that are against him do not have to support him they have to do what they think is right for their constituents and if that means opposing corbyn then that 's what they 'll do . 
  assuming you are referring to ukip they are falling in the polls , they will elect the wrong leader and disappear . 
  to stop existing pms calling early elections early if the polls look good . 
  you vote for an mp of a party not the pm , the fixed parliament act also prevents early elections being called . 
  there is no welfare across the eurozone . 
  if greece were outside the euro they could now be devaluing their currency . 
  this would drive up domestic spending , boost exports and tourism whilst creating jobs locally allowing them to recover better . 
  the euro makes all their exports unattractive and an expensive place to stay . 
  scotland are leaving the uk and joining the eu whilst keeping the pound according to sturgeon . 
  there are differences in the uk . 
  they are smaller than those across the eurozone and areas adversely affected by policy are paid for by better performing areas . 
  this does n't happen in the eurozone . 
  greece only gets money when they have been made to cripple services and are also expected to pay it back . 
  if the countries of europe were a single country then the euro would work better . 
  outside the euro greece could devalue , drive up domestic investment and boost tourism and exports which would help the economy . 
  in the euro they ca n't . 
  but an underperforming part of the uks economy is picked up by investment or welfare . 
  as the eurozone is not a country places like greece are left to suffer and the money they do receive they are expected to pay back . 
  no , by that logic each country should have its own currency . 
  at least then policy can be tailored to favour a majority of the country . 
  the euro method at the moment leaves whole counties in the dust and because the countries are not unified not much can be done to help . 
  the euro does n't give appropriate fiscal autonomy to countries . 
  policy that works for germany does n't work for every other country . 
  euro is bad idea for everyone involved until the eu becomes a country . 
  there is never a right time to join the euro . 
  this was a really popular belief back we we had to choose languages in the uk as well in my group .
