  right , i 'd definitely think anyone in such scenario to be a dick , sure . 
  prob it would simply be hate speech , since by definition in your scenario , he or she lacks a reasonable reason not to be indifferent to what might be swarming in your mind or not . 
  that 's the important line not to cross , actual bigotry . 
  which atheists should have in mind is quite possible to cross for an atheist , even though i 'd think most arguments about the harmfulness of religion as actually practiced by most/many ( depending on your surroundings ) are justified . 
  in other words , secularism is a two way street , not caring about other people 's beliefs implies not treating ppl differently in any significant formal way however wacky the things in their mind might be . 
  though on a personal basis , you might legitimately think this is ridiculous enough not to wish to associate with such a person ( and even there , were that someone 's criteria , its an awful high criteria , most ppl have a skeptical blind spot somewhere ) . 
  at least its in poor taste to abuse a person just because you do n't personally like him/her , esp for fairly abstract reasons . 
  tl ; dr yes i completely agree, 
  that 's the point a confused croat here does n't quite understand . 
  so can any gay couple in the entire us just take a trip to the closest state with marriage equality , say just a day-trip ( as opposed to registering having changed your residence and living there for a while at least ) , get married , and receive all the federal benefits even upon returning to their regressive state , which still wo n't give them the state benefits ? 
  and what 's the balance of material and procedural benefits between states and the federal level - which is more important , by how much ? 
   so i guess your point is to say that atheists could n't do this . 
  well , i do n't really understand this point . 
  i mean , its not like the communists did n't kill a bunch of priests in various countries , and limited freedom of religion in various ways . 
  its the kind of argument that , if presented here in croatia , only invites mockery . 
  and those were , the biggest , organized , explicitly atheist parties at the time . 
  yeah , i 've found the stop squark !, 
  now where do i collect my nobel prize ? 
  fascinating , but looking at the branches i know a little about , seems a bit simplified , and if you take it too literally , simply wrong . 
  pudgalavada branching off theravada in buddhism , hmm , i guess they 're following dipavamsa , but still ... ? 
  and where are mahasamghika lines , or sarvastivadin , or dharmaguptaka , or ... ? 
  its supposed to branch into mahasamghika and sthaviravada first , and then subdivide each branch into , the tradition would have it , 18 schools . 
  or at least thereabouts . 
  too bad its not unblurring currently , would love to see how the older lines look . 
  anohow , quite interesting , hope it starts working properly again . 
  so , in that case , if state benefits and federal benefits are comparable , and previously , ppl married in states with marriage equality only had the former , while now , the entire country can get the latter , at the cost of a single trip , then those from more regressive states now get comparable overall level of marriage rights , as ppl previously had only in the most progressive states ? 
  impressive step !, 
  gzgz !, 
  for one , collision of the galaxies is not something likely harmful to the sun . 
  has a low double digit chance of being ejected from the galaxy , yes , but that does n't bother the solar system or the sun in the least . 
  anyhow , it will be too old for earth to be inhabitable by then . 
  mars maybe ? 
  sounds like a beautiful picture to me ; humanity living across the solar system , with the collision scene lighting the night sky ... 
  i do n't quite get why ppl are obsessed with a completely abstract notion that is eternity - the only way to suffer for a lack of eternity is by convincing oneself stuff ** should ** be eternal , and then lamenting the transience that 's reality . 
  its not like one can even hypothetically have an experience of something eternal , so that during one 's life , there 's a practical difference . 
   given that we are not omniscient creatures , certainly some of your beliefs must involve a leap of faith , no matter how small ? 
  so what is it that you are willing to believe without full proof ? 
  well , there 's no such thing as proof outside math , only degrees of belief . 
  take empirical sciences - a falsificationist view would be that one can know that something is false - but nothing is ever really proven . 
  it just passes tests that could have shown it to be false , and as long as it keeps doing that , our confidence in it grows . 
  untill it f * up , then we drop it . 
  a bayesian view would always start with more or less subjective prior beliefs , and change them as evidence is taken into account . 
  but little would actually become fully certain . 
  i think the criteria as to what is sufficiently likely to be believed in that empirical sciences take is a proper balance . 
  its not one set in stone ( eg when some famous false identifications of a certain meson were made in the 70s , particle physics upped the required statistical confidence from 3 to 5 sigma ) , but one that has been arrived at by the best minds practicing a particular field in concrete practical situations . 
  so beyond what is considered to be true by an empirical science , i do n't see how i would be anything other than just narrow-minded , if i took a particularly fixed view on something undemonstrated as being true . 
  and i would be ignoring the current body of evidence for no good reason if i were to cling to a concept that is disfavored by such known facts . 
  like ghosts , afterlife , soul or moral absolutes . 
  love though ? 
  well , i think my trust in what my partner claims is realistically higher than what mere statistics would justify . 
  now this need n't be rationally inappropriate for such all-or-nothing decisions , like granting trust ( or in legal matters , or practical decisions ) , in that one may need to make a decision one way or the other , rather than just assign probability , and that not being say one of granting trust to one 's partner , could require better reasons than some aggregate statistics , of dubious applicability to an individual 's case but ... 
  a lot of things has pushed me further from retaining even the least shred of respect for the faith and the faithful , like nationalism , interference in politics , abortion and contraception stance and probably most significantly position on gay rights - but what pushed me over the edge personally , was simply lack of evidence for the claims made , something i found unacceptably unsatisfactory intellectually since before entering even high school . 
  oh just the generic christian claims , on god , souls , afterlife , based on nothing but an old book of mythology , as well as most things they believe happened during the life of jesus ( including the idea he thought himself the son of god in a manner other than what the term meant in the case of david ) , based on an ahistoric reading of the gospels ( usually with additions known to be of later date , like the ending of mark , etc ), 
  well , this part on bible interpretation was n't familiar to me until some years into college , but i certainly found their evidence or motivation for believing in a god or soul unsatisfactory since the earliest time . 
  believing in a dualist word is suspiciously common-sense obvious at first , yet problematic and ultimately unnecessary upon closer inspection . 
  and generally believing undemonstrated claims is simply irrational and unjustified , why ever do it ? 
  some people simply are like that - not reliable or responsible enough to be trusted with your money . 
  like others ca n't be counted on to be less than 2 hours late to whatever arrangement . 
  it does n't necessarily imply malice ( though it could ) . 
  but there could be other contexts where you could still wish to hang out with them . 
  anyhow , why would one bother with the court system unless it was a fat amount of cash and there was some hope to get it back , regardless if the person was a friend , acquaintance , annoying or an enemy , i ca n't really say . 
  hm , i 'm not sure its rational to maintain that there could n't possibly be any evidence that would make one reexamine one 's position . 
  i for one , would be updating my priors heavily towards deism , theism and specifically christianity if for instance , in the polarization pattern of the cosmic microwave background , one could clearly read some familiar but not exactly identical koine greek version of some new testament gospels ( mark + q for eg . 
  it does n't take being american ( i 'm not ) to have very little understanding for the british attachment to their imperial tradition . 
  try talking to an irish . 
  one at least found my joking suggestion that shortening remaining british royalty by a head would be an improvement , welcome , and prob took a bit more literally than i did . 
  republicanism is a political position on the merits of a particular tradition , not necessarily , simply lack of experience with it . 
  ask the french . 
   of course , we could go into the man who did the groundwork for the big bang model , a catholic priest, 
  did he ? 
  his work , of poorer quality than hubble 's did have priority , but was largely overlooked , having been printed in an obscure journal in french . 
   not to mention the taoists , shintos , buddhists and all of them in the eastern world that invented modern astronomy . 
  a what ? 
  they had a largely ptolemaic view of the world . 
   some would argue that lemaitre 's work was overlooked because einstein personally snubbed him and declared his physics as abominable . 
  sure , possible . 
  think we 're in agreement there . 
   i 'm not sure how this is relevant to the notion that they cataloged a huge amount of stars and constellations ? 
  oh , that 's what you meant , i simply did n't understand your reference . 
  for modern astronomy , arabic catalogs were of greater direct influence , but sure ( and changes nothing ) . 
  anyhow , my take on it is that religiosity is simply one lapse of skepticism , it need n't be a pervasive lack of critical thinking , and so great scientists even in this century can have various beliefs . 
  and conversly , you can find fairly secular societies filled with concrete superstitions , empirically far more problematic than some fairly nebulous and abstract deistic position , say . 
  only in aggregate does one see how this is already rare and becoming ever rarer in certain fields . 
  and of course , the farther back in history you look , both the data is in less tension with such beliefs , and also more holes in our understanding make some generic solution like godditit more appealing . 
  after all , understanding the god 's creation was a motivation for a lot of scientists in history . 
  afaik , only ~ 10 % of ppl who quit remain non-smoking after 6 months . 
  and my mom started smoking again after 7 years ( here and there , for now at least ) :(, 
  i think i 'll try getting rid of it again these days , this cheap kilo of home tobacco i bought is horribly strong , but the coughing has made me consider what it 's doing to me more vividly . 
  i still wo n't waste perfectly smokable tobacco on the off chance i actually remain non-smoker from the attempt for any significant amount of time , so i 'll wait for the end of that bag . . 
  edit : in fact , giving up sex seems far less daunting to me , been there for years in a row while back , not trying to change the matters and fairly satisfied . 
  abstinence would n't change the fact i 'm gay ofc . 
  looks like a poor attempt at sacrasm . 
  his point appears to be , zimmerman comitted murder , yet walked free . 
  neither deep nor well written , but what 's supposed to be his crime , provable beyond reasonable doubt , to warrant the waste of public money on this ? 
  the onus of demonstrating someone unequivocally indents and/or threatens an immediate execution of an action that would cause the death or grave bodily harm , to the point of causing reasonable and sustained fear in the target ( s ) should be should be on the prosecution . 
  and i find it unimaginable this `` evidence '' could carry any such burden . 
  lack of taste in one 's remarks , definitely including references to murder and genocide , fall under free speech . 
   indents, 
  nope , just a wrong auto-correct i missed, 
  on the contrary - totally uninformed on the matter ; i have no idea on what passes for justice in the us .
