  you may choose not to call it such . 
  if the label scares you , i guess . . 
   but it 's as relevant as you find unknown data at the present . 
  i 'm sorry , english is not my native tongue , and as you say you are a bit drunk so perhaps you mistyped something here . 
  could you rephrase , not sure what you 're saying here ? 
   black holes are interesting , no ? 
  will their existence affect us in the 200 years we spend here alive ? 
  probably not, 
  are you kidding ? 
  they affected my life this very year ; thinking about the amps paradox stole weeks of it :d jokes aside , they 've been uniquely important in our understanding of the relationship between gravity and the quantum world , as well as in cosmology . 
  if you mean , these pursuits themselves probably do n't lead anywhere , perhaps ( and we really wo n't know until after we 've pursued them ) - but they do lead to testable observations at least . 
  entire croatia was never part of the ottoman empire either . . 
  edit : uhh , sry on the thread necro . . 
   yeah , the farsalinos study is more recent , and has better findings . 
  this one is behind a paywall so i ca n't be sure , but i really do n't think you can compare the two . 
  that 's a single study , this is a wide metastudy . 
  that one looks at da and ap in flavorings , this one looks at a big number of other studied necessary ingredients , their impurities , and/or vaping equipment consequences . 
  think the two complement each other nicely . 
  they certainly do n't seem to be studying the same thing . 
  yup , good , safe chemistry , sufficiently high drain batteries , good charger , know batty 's limits and ohm 's law . 
  when recoiling , measure you 're safe to fire before actually doing so , lest you have some accidental short you missed ( and ofc , do n't miss them in the first place - i 'm not sure from your q are you even considering using it w an rda or ? ), 
  and check re venting in your mod . 
  covers what 's important . 
  mods generally vent - there were some incidents where it seemed really difficult so some worried about some on the markets - still , how well is more due to a design than the pricetag . 
  simply check if the one you 're planning to get is ok on the matter . 
  + use a 2cent fuse to protect yourself from shorts , overheating for any reason , overdischarge etc. 
  strongly recommend for a beginner . 
  seems safer to use it on the positive contact . 
  if you 're considering using a mech but not on trying to draw crazy wattage from it that is , since most allow for some 7a only . 
  20ish + w average realistic power enough for you ? 
  is for me ... plus its easier to stay safe that way . 
  franky i would n't want to get used to all that much vaping in a day anyhow ; safety of long-term inhalation of such great quantities of pg or vg has been identified as the greatest unknown in long-term effects of ecig use in some studies on the matter . 
  + inspect your batteries periodically . 
  you want to look for any damage to its wrapping , that might theoretically cause a short ( well , only if you put it upside down ) , and depending how such damage came about , is simply a bad sigh re the health of that cell . 
  regarding putting it upside-down , does n't matter in a mech really , only if you do , then the tube is positive , and the so if wrapping is damaged it will short , since the unprotected body of the battery is negative . 
  now if you have a fuse on the positive , will protect it anyhow . 
  its thermal protection too , so will cut off the contact in case of overheating too . 
  so that 's the bad side of putting them the wrong way around , and as you see its fairly tenuous - inspect your batteries and use a fuse on the positive and does n't matter anyhow . 
  now , provided you use a fuse , perhaps its even not a bad idea to do so intentionally !, 
  because most mods vent from the bottom , and there is some worry the battery might expand and block sufficient airflow and venting , since it mostly vents from the top . 
  tests i saw on yt appear not to demonstrate this risk , mods there used vented fine . 
  but still , i 'm just saying not sure what 's the better thing to do here . 
  + but have a locking ring on it as well and use it religiously lest you get an autofire in your pocket or with it standing on the table etc. 
  or at least see that the button is recessed , not to fire when standing upright . 
  and then i 'm not sure how comfortable i 'd be with putting it in my pocket . 
  + you can use lipo bags when charging . 
  not a safety measure i practice though . 
  i never had a vent so i ca n't say , but yeah , i would n't dare put a venting battery under water . 
  just away from myself on some robust location , away from flammable things . 
  possibly in that lipo bag . 
  its unstable as it is , why play at chemistry by adding water to it ? 
  re cleaning , not a bad practice on the connectors , just so you 're not wasting power for no good reason . 
  as far as the body goes , matter of taste . 
  some prefer patina look . 
  should n't make much difference . 
  if you 're keeping fairly high on resistance , should n't bother you regardless . 
  re battery safety - again if you 're not cloudchasing its much easier to be fine here , even without doing such thorough research - batteries you 'll see recommended as good will certainly easily perform deeply deeply within their specs with anything that fires under that 2c fuse for eg . 
  only careful about possible fakes on the market , esp w vtc5s . 
  but if you do want to do the homework for yourself and research the batteries , charges - after all its your own safety that 's on the line - then a bit extra info :, 
  do n't trust `` max discharge '' and similar ratings on batteries . 
  often these are pulsed ratings . 
  perhaps one could go by that rating for vaping ( dubious ) , but its def dangerous should you have an accidental autofiring say in the pocket etc. 
  even when sellers specify continuous vs pulsed ratings it can still be incorrect . 
  and in some cells , mere act of re-wrapping it under a different logo apparently was enough to the owner of that logo to put higher amperage rating on it too ... its a crooked market with apparently no care about customers , and their honesty is the difference between us being ecig users and playing russian roulette with pipe bombs ... 
  therefore , check actual discharge curves under tests . 
  see how their temperature curves behave too - should n't get too hot under continuous discharge . 
  operating range is to 60degcelsius . 
  starts getting damaged above 80deg . 
  i would n't pull more amperes than those that keep below such temperature after complete continuous discharge, 
  also look at their voltage drops - if its getting really bad and not giving most of battery 's capacity it 's prob an amperage that 's pushing that cell too hard . 
  this guy 's got a great db on all of this http://lygte-info.dk/ though some popular cells he tested only rewrapped under say that keeppower brand and the like . 
  great charger tests too . 
  there are adapters then to enable anything 510 to fit . 
  re popcorn lung - simply avoid diacetyl juices . 
  investigate the matter re juices you buy , their manufactures . 
  ideally , they 'd have independent tests . 
  not many currently do . 
  some seem more transparent on the matter than others . 
  some flavor types are likely to contain it , many quite unlikely regardless . 
  or idk just vape base itself . 
  how big a concern that is , early to tell , possibly not much , and certainly much less than with cigs but at least its easy to avoid - ie by not putting it there in the first place ... 
  summary on the recent study provoking the concerns again : http://gfn.net.co/downloads/2014/posters/122%20farsalinos%20%20-%20da_ap.pdf, 
   they were 2-times higher than the strict niosh - defined safety limits ( figure 4 ) but 100 and 10 times lower compared to smoking respectively . 
  ... da and ap were found in a large proportion of sweet - flavored ec liquids , at levels that were higher than the strictest safety limits but significantly lower compared to smoking . 
  as you can see , while 10 or 100x less than in a cig even where found , still its up to 2x the most cautious tolerable workplace exposure levels . 
  psa , 3yrs old , is on the side : http://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/g225g/, 
  on the wider topic , prob the biggest unknown are exposures to pg and vg themselves , over a long time and to such an extent . 
  they did make monkeys inhale air totally saturated with it for a year to no effect , so good reasons not to be too concerned but ... 
   current state of knowledge about chemistry of liquids and aerosols associated with electronic cigarettes indicates that there is no evidence that vaping produces inhalable exposures to contaminants of the aerosol that would warrant health concerns by the standards that are used to ensure safety of workplaces . 
  however , the aerosol generated during vaping as a whole ( contaminants plus declared ingredients ) creates personal exposures that would justify surveillance of health among exposed persons in conjunction with investigation of means to keep any adverse health effects as low as reasonably achievable . 
  exposures of bystanders are likely to be orders of magnitude less , and thus pose no apparent concern . 
  various contaminants and comparison to tolerable workplace exposures are listed there . 
  seems very safe - bunch of shit is there , sure , but far below levels justifying concern . 
  we 'll really know for sure only in the decades to come . 
  i 'm confused as to why an ordinary citizens owes any kind of a pledge to his or her country . 
  an official sure , but i may or may not feel any loyalty towards the country into which i happen to be born . 
  should be just as legitimate to feel none . 
  to je totalni poe , mislio sam 100 % da je briljantni sarkazam . 
  without a brain , ca n't possibly be cruel to it . 
  i guess its cruel towards the family , nurturing its sad though understandable delusions .
