  epr paradox , schroedinger 's cat - these were all initially meant as criticisms of its loss of local realism . 
  anyhow , we 're talking about a time a century ago here . 
  double-slit experiment has been a textbook , introductory material for a long while now . 
  so in fact your statement :, 
   we must not lose sight of the fact that this is not an altogether settled area of science . 
  is quite wrong . 
  -- * this * is actually long-settled area of science , and we must not pretend otherwise . 
  its old and clear and even rather dusty already . 
  clearly that does n't mean all of physics is settled either - what the world is really like fundamentally , what does it all mean really etc is something we 'll still continue to discover - but the frontier is hardly here . 
   this was what i was driving at , not that there likely be a re-evaluation of general or special relativity . 
  then yeah , of course -- there 's no proof that we 've figured out how the world fundamentally works already , so any of our stabs at it might turn out to be false . 
  gr is a fascinating example here actually . 
  at some energy level and point in time , we might easily have to reevaluate general relavitivy given its tension with the quantum world at the planck scale at least -- there 's for eg . 
  this fashionable `` space from entaglement '' notion arising from the recent discussion of black hole firewalls ( er = epr arguments by maldacena edit : entanglement and wormholes are the same thing in some sense !, 
  ? , sounds as nuts as any quantum woo out there does n't it - one seems mysterious , the other seems mysterious so they 're the same thing kind of thinking , no ? 
  and yet . . / edit ) , and a other spaceless attempts at formulating physics - say the one by nima arkani-hamed . 
  point is that we have good reason to think it will in fact turn out to be false eventually , even though its as solid experimentally and in terms of precision of these experiments as anything physics has ever produced . 
  its an incredibly well-established theory , but it might/should have a cutoff on validity at a certain level of detail and energy , like newton 's did -- this time one so far from any scale we can hope to experimentally generate in at least the medium term . 
  soo , idk , i want to simultaneously claim that something like general relativity is incredibly settled , as settled as theories get , and yet still easily false ultimatelly . 
   in other words , its a true effective theory ( true within a domain of validity - and a huge one at that ) . 
  but ultimately false . 
  gender politics ???? 
  describing stannis as hot , and parenthetically mentioning she 's a girl is gender politics ?? 
  this place is nuts ... 
  uh , so how does this work in the uk exactly ? 
  i mean , why does becoming a fellow of royal society suggest a knighthood ? 
  wiki suggests its the british equivalent of a national academy , right ? 
  so , they normally get knighted eventually ? 
  i do n't see why ; we just have to cheat death instead . 
  seems physically significantly more feasible than warp-like stuff . 
  or just get rid of the apes entirely and have machines advance enough to take over any useful tasks . 
  can prob save a lot of weight on not needing life support systems that way too . 
  400 years travel at 0.1 c is a very short perod of time , when put in cosmic perspective ; a speed at which the craft is reasonably defendable against interstellar dust too , and actually physically clearly doable propulsion-wise ( see for instance various icarus designs , or the old deadalus ones , or longshot etc ), 
   interstellar travel is not possible with `` today 's rockets '' . 
  however , no new science is required to make an interstellar mission technically feasible . 
  hm , but most interstellar designs ( i was recently looking at what kinds of things icarus project came up with ) seem to consider various variants of fusion not yet achieved technologically - plasma-jet magneto-inertial or z-pinch magnetic confinement or `` classic '' laser inertial confinement , or exotic forms of fission propulsion like fission fragment rocket etc. 
  seems to me we 'd still need a fair number of decades to make those kinds of engines a reality even on the ground . 
  agreed in that would be an oversimplification - but this particular study does seem to be about atheism invoking people 's fear of death specifically . 
  if fivethirtyeight is to be believed , her lead in the primary is so dominating already that her nomination is practically a done deal . 
  ( edit : eg - http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/a-sanders-comeback-would-be-unprecedented/ ), 
  if that is the case , i can hardly doubt she 'd be a better president in terms of lgbt issues than whatever the republicans come up with . 
  whatever her personal beliefs are/were . 
  and especially considering the likely choices on that side . 
  not a us citizen ; so apologies for the likely superficiality of my comments . 
  well but a human ( and especially a post-human ) civilization certainly can . 
  even now it would just take a generation ship to do it . 
  but advancements in robotics seem significantly more doable to me than exotic propulsion systems . 
  or even in medicine . 
  even if they can be done - which is in the realm of theory and by no means certain , they 're still likely much more expensive energy-wise . 
  idk , wildly rushing just so some firefly-like creature can get a glimpse of a new world seems fundamentally silly to me . 
  yeah , i think bussard ramjet concept imagined circumnavigating the observable universe or something of such crazy scale in a span of a human lifetime by constantly accelerating , up to incredibly superrelativistic speeds . 
  however , i 've not seen a concept design , if bussard scoop does n't work , that really gets one to such highly relativistic speeds like .99995 c ( fastest i saw proposed is the antimatter drive in valkyrie design , and that 's supposed to be 0.92 c i think - also criticized in terms of its feasability ) - even with antimatter rockets or micro black holes and the like ; also the energy requirements to accelerate to such speeds go up just as exponentially as the dilation of time so if you carry the fuel , its a really hard proposition , and also any dust you encounter is now incredibly energetic so shielding is quite a challenge , to say the least . 
  at some point even the cosmic microwave background radiation is now hard gamma ray spectrum to you , not to mention the interstellar hydrogen let alone any dust you may encounter . 
  hyperrelativistic travel is at least fundamentally possible , which for warp or wormhole concepts is far from certain - but it still may not be an actually doable engineering possibility . 
  or , if one can cheat death cheaply , may not be worth the exponential energy price just to save centuries or millenia , 
  oh you def need to think hard about shielding . 
  icarus designs have a large magsail for deceleration already and so can also use them to produce an artificial magnetosphere ; rapid change in the field experienced by the atoms of the interstellar medium by its high-speed approach should already ionize them , and then the magnetic field should guide it away ( surely not the only way to do it , but they 're already using magsails . . ) , and for dust that was n't deflected , they combine that with some kind of bumpers etc. 
  deadalus also shot out an artificial cloud of dust few hundered km in front of it . . 
  anyhow , def stuff to defend against , but it should be reasonably doable . 
  what do you have in mind ? 
  re overpopulation - well our own solar system is rather damn huge and our demographics are stabilizing . 
  10billion should be fine even on this one planet , and you 've got at least mars to colonize in our backyard before considering bothering with the vastness and expense of crossing interstellar space . 
  and controling the population size seems a tech we 've managed quite a long time ago anyhow . 
  and sure , establishing extrasolar presence gives great resiliancy to our species , and i agree it is crucial , but this has nothing to do with the * speed * - or with * arbitrary * travel - to another star . 
  you can even take some embryos with you if you insist on infesting another planet with apes for instance . 
  though i would personally hope that they 're irrelevant for what the posthuman civilization becomes and its survival by that point . 
  asteroids are reasonably easily defendable - a phased array laser system of technology far more near-term than a large interstellar craft ( let alone the technology needed for warp-like propulsion ) can deal with any , we 're even more resiliant to plagues if interstellar travel is a nontrivial thing that rarely happens , and likewise with the danger of spreading of a nuclear war -- so if anything those are the existential downsides of finding a way of arbitrarily traveling to other stars . 
  and if it really makes sense to think about existential risks on billion-year timescales at this primitive level , you again just need for the planet to evacuate at any speed in large habitable ships . 
  given how many need be evacuated over time for this , you need the infrastructure of a generation ship anyhow , and precisely because of this huge payload mass , you probably precisely want to go pretty slow , to save energy . 
  though i guess its a slow process , and remoter parts of the solar system get rather nicer than are now during the red giant phase . . 
  really , just sterilizing the population ( or slowly depopulating via such means ) of the colony with a sun that 's entering the giant phase seems simpler to me , if you 've established others anyhow . 
  well surely none of this can realistically happen on a timescale relevant for global warming ? 
  even my puny fusion ships are usually thought about on a century timescale , let alone speculative propulsion and a reasonable energy sources for that . 
  yet we need to stabilize co2 in , what , 35 years ? 
  and def , yeah , interplanetary travel has obvious economic advantages , and opens up huge potential resources . 
  but getting anything economically practical from other systems seems a totally different ballgame , given what we normally take the energy expense of such freight to be . 
  i guess that 's why you said arbitrary travel in the first place , which is a fair point . 
  i 'm not sure it solves any problems interplanetary travel does n't already solve though , for mineral resources of our solar system are quite gigantic , and seems like our population is reaching a stable level besides . 
  as i mentioned in the other response - no doubt having a few colonies outside this solar system contributes immensly to our robustness ( though that hits rather hard diminishing returns so i 'd guess only a few would make sense ) but we can do that at slow speeds just as easily , and moreover , having the ability to travel around the galaxy reasonably cheaply if anything increases our existential risks . 
  a bunch of economically and populationally isolated places flung over huge distances at incredible expense allows you to essentially multiply the extinction chances of each of them to get an overall risk of extinction - thereby dramatically reducing them ; if on the other hand you have ppl moving and economic traffic , that means they 're effectively one system , so you can have your regular resource conflicts to give you a motive for war ; further , warring across the distances is not prohibitively expensive , and if any kind of infection or such can be transmitted too fast for our science to prevent it , regular commerce as opposed to relative isolation means you could easily have it knock out multiple colonies . 
  oh , i see , that 's your view . 
  well what can i say ; i just do n't believe that at all . 
  worth a try i guess . 
  mislim da je ovo `` regularna '' masonerija koju prihvaca velika loza engleske : http://www.freemasonry-croatia.org/index.htm, 
   the grand lodge of ancient , free and accepted masons of croatia ( croatian : velika lo\u017ea starih , slobodnih i prihva\u0107enih zidara hrvatske ) is the all-male largest croatian masonic grand lodge with jurisdiction over 12 croatian masonic lodges with around 350 members . 
  it was founded on september 21 , 1994 in zagreb under the patronage of the grand lodge of austria . 
  sarkazam je jasan , al on the more serious note , zabrinjava me razina netrpeljivosti prema slobodnom zidarstvu . 
  i had a longer comment , but its rambling about stuff i care about in ai and what excites me about its progress , trying to balance critiques of your optimism with optimism of myown -- but its too much and too unfocused , so i 'll make it shorter and just focus on a single , mild critique of your comments . 
   but most of the predictions we see were before alpha go and deep learning chopped off almost 5 years from that time . 
  the level of a.i. 
  we have now is , a year ago , what most specialists thought we would have in 10 years . 
  hmmm , i 've followed computer go for some years now , and was amazed alphago was already possible ( a decade in advance if anything seems rather modest ; that was said after fan hui victory , and * that * machine did n't stand a chance against top world players , but how far it improved in the meantime . . ) - but i think you 're extrapolating quite too much from that success . 
  it is a rather small field , and one where less than a decade ago another algorithm showed comparable gains to what was then possible ( monte carlo tree search in mid 00s to early 10s improved the state of the art quite a few stones ) . 
  so it turns out the algorithms in that field were still rather crappy , as so much more was apparently possible . 
  brilliant work , but it is the kind of situation where its least surprising for it to happen , once resources of something like google focus on it , and not necessarily generalizable . 
  you ca n't even transplant their approach unproblematically to general game playing problems , for one due to still having quite a few fixed-function go-specific operations ( like ladder solvers ) , another due to still having needed a substantial human database of games of reasonable quality to boostrap its learning ( for now at least ; google is hinting they 'd try a pure reinforcement-learning approach in the future ) . 
  non-game applications seem even further out . 
  and extrapolating from that to a general ai that is so far from humans to be incomprehensible -- idk , i 'm not even convinced there can exist such a thing , as our understanding of how the universe works seems rather deep for energy scales relevant to technological applications - and even quite a few orders of magnitude beyond that , so that we should have an effective theory of sufficient quality already . 
  scott aaronson mentioned how by this logic one might say that given how turing machines can express stuff impossible in finite state automata , there could be a class of computability just as beyond turing machines . 
  and this is n't in fact the case ; the turing machine is universal .
