  i 'm hopefull flavorarts could lead the way . 
  they are the manufacturer of the flavor themselves , they do n't depend on declarations by third parties , they had a diketone cleanup years ago and claim clearstream has none of it . 
  untill independent tests confirm this i do n't find this a sufficient guarantee , but am hopefull at least some in the industry will go in that direction . 
  hm , for a speech about common good , a fairly self-serving submission , do n't you think op ? 
  giving more votes to the diaspora ( rather mostly to the ethnic croats of a neighboring country , not even a minority there but a constitutive ethnicity of another state , who lived exactly where they are now , never in the current borders of croatia , not having even family ties to it , but who got a citizenship nevertheless in the crazy 90s ) , and banning pre-election coalitions are far far too great a cost just to get a preferential vote , and the constitution is not the best place to define such details . 
  `` up to 3 names '' part of the suggested change to the constitution is simply moronic . 
  maximally open list system of elections presented seems undesirable given that many voters do n't wish to vote for any particular name but for the list as a whole - especially when voting for a smaller party , and as evidenced by voting habits in countries where preferential voting has been practiced for a long time - here their vote has no effect on the order , and those that have a preference define the order , while actually they voted for the preservation of the list order . 
  consider a list of a small party - one or two big names will be recognizable to the wider public , and for the ordering of the others , and hence the decision of who makes the cut , miniscule differences in support will make all the difference , since the order set by these recognizable leaders will only make a difference as a tie-breaker . 
  in actuality , most people who favored the more recognizable names - likely a majority of people who voted for such a party - would more likely favor their choices on the names they do n't recognize and on which they did n't decide , than the choices of such narrow clique . 
  this would favor electing radical or locally connected mps , with a more rabid and/or committed voting body , a dangerous direction to take . 
  it is in short a badly thought out model of preferential voting wrapped into a package with a naked power grab . 
  i do support lowering of the threshold exactly as they propose ( and no further ) , though one needs to recognize the risks to the stability of governance this poses . 
  combining this with a braindead ( or simply convenient ) measure banning pre-election coalitions , and with no changes to the confidence and non-confidence voting ( germany has a great approach there , ensuring stability ) , the intent seems to be weimarization of the croatian constitutional order . 
  which would suit the initiators of this campaign just fine . 
  electoral reform will happen anyhow , its been on the table for a while ; this single measure , of some type of preferential vote ( there are many models not all alike and not equally desirable ) , is hardly the most important and revolutionary matter needed for it ; this initiative is simply trying to steal the momentum for its own political purposes by attaching both its name and such unwanted measures to it as well . 
  nor are these particularly comprehensive measures , since they do n't mandate single-district proportionality , sainte-lagu\u00eb calculation of proportionality , huntington-hill districts , fixed term parliament etc etc. 
  election reform should not happen by a dubious `` citizen '' initiative defining its content , especially not to this level of detail , and then fossilizing it in the constitution , but as a consequence of a long and thorough public discussion , by publicly stated opinions of public choice theorists and various different analysts etc. 
  this seems to be the approach gong has taken in formulating its proposal , when this shit happened . 
  this is far too complex a package of measures for a referendum initiative of a shady organization to frame the agenda . 
  and the quality of the proposal demonstrates precisely why this is a poor instrument for making such changes . 
  no offense , but you have no business deciding about the laws and government i will have to suffer , and you 'll only watch from a distance , and probably with only half-interest . 
  the converse should apply here - no representation without taxation . 
  please butt out of our politics . 
  i 'd appreciate it if you never voted in croatian elections as well . 
  i wo n't give them my signature , and will vote against this measure should they succeed . 
  btw , given your self-admittedly limited croatian vocabulary , were you even able to read the suggested amendments to the croatian constitution ? 
  well its not rocket science regardless of your setup . 
  do n't go below your battery limits , do n't fire the coil before measuring resistance so you confirm you do n't have a short ; ohm 's law is your friend . 
  all good practices to follow regardless . 
  you just wo n't be able to break them anyhow with an mvp2 . 
  erlkoenigin ? 
  is that an adler queen/queen of the fairies , with a subtle reference to goethe 's poem ? 
   vaping is harm reduction not 100 % harm elimination . 
  right . 
  so the logical thing is to try and reduce harm . 
  whatever the best tactic for that may be , it certainly does n't include taking on easily avoidable nonessential risks . 
  diketones are def an easily avoidable risk , given that the 're neither there from the aerosol carrier , and you need some , nor from the nicotine which is the whole point , nor from necessary aspects of vaping equipment , required to make the vapor , but only from certain flavorings , and only in those from certain production processes . 
   since smokers have been inhaling this chemical for years and bronchiolitis obliterans has never been the result ,, 
  that 's a problematic claim if the diagnostic criteria overlap with fairly common consequences of smoking , copd, 
  minimal sufficient would imho be to just mark those that contain any of it as such , and do n't keep juices that contain much at all . 
  if this is not too strict for the latter , to have some targets for the latter , how about taking the numbers from the farsalinos study as it ? 
  think that gives around 40ish microgram/ml ap as limit . 
  i presume you can avoid diacetyl easily , or the limit for it was around 20microgram/ml there . 
  paywalled i 'm afraid . 
  looked pretty expensive too . 
  can you ask him directly ? 
  poster says he presumed 3ml/day consumption and took `` strict niosh - defined safety limits '' as a guide at to what 's too much . 
  think this is it http://ntr.oxfordjournals.org/content/early/2014/08/30/ntr.ntu176.abstract, 
  just the poster w some results :, 
  just found the numbers for a cig http://gfn.net.co/downloads/2014/plenary2/riccardo%20polosa.pdf 400 ug diacetyl per cig , does n't say anything about ap . 
  still , def worse with say pad , if we could ignore interactions . 
  same number , since farsalinos presumed 3ml/day consumption . 
  so 137ug/day is 137/3 = 45.66 . .67 ug/ml . 
  wow you do presume so very much . 
  let me backtrack in this exchange for a bit :, 
   vaping is harm reduction not 100 % harm elimination . 
    right . 
  so the logical thing is to try and reduce harm . 
     so basically ... the logical thing is to use bully & scare tactics to force businesses to do what you want . 
  huh , funny notice my entire post said exactly nothing about businesses ; i was really just speaking about individual decisions in the interest of pursuing the goal we both seemed to agree was worth pursuing , harm reduction . 
  merely your claim the options on the table were either not vaping or not caring about diacetyl content of the juices you vape is a false dichotomy . 
  it is perfectly simple to vape diacetyl free jucies . 
  moreover our best current toxicology , given an appropriately conservative stance common in the branch , would suggest doing exactly that . 
  but yeah , i have absolutely no issue with regulating businesses in the interest of public health consumer protection environmental protection workplace safety etcetc generally , not that it matters whether i have an issue with it or not since that 's what states do anyhow ; thought its a completely different topic , some comments on it below . 
   despite having no shred of evidence that diacetyl and ap are dangerous to inhale at the minute levels we are vaping . 
  despite the fact that not 1 smoker ever has gotten this popcorn lung ) . 
  ... and you do so whilst not even being familiar with the fact how a ) generally speaking , precautionary exposure limits are defined well precautionary , ie even in the absence of positive evidence - as evidenced by the fact of such being set for `` organic mists '' generally b ) there are in fact multiple cases of worplace-related injuries that provoked creating stricter workplace exposure limits for diacetyl , it is these that have been radically overshot c ) diagnostic criteria would lead to copd diagnosis in case of smokers given the same set of symptoms d ) yes businesses are generally regulated in the interest of public health , so if you will bullied into protecting ignorant customers , which given the poor response to the issue of diketones from the cottage industry of ejuices as well as apparently that by the big producers for the most part , years ago when the hysteria could have been avoided is sadly likely to happen here as well e ) i do make my own juice , but also hope for a favorable legislative framework for continued use of ecigs due to their potential to save countless lives , which wo n't be helped by giving solid munition to opponents . 
  well founded munition at that , since the juices in question are overshooting science-based exposure limits more than double . 
  or as we 've seen in the case of suicide bunny , even say 9 times . 
  in other words are clearly a significant health risk . 
  and a general inclination to avoid idiotic situations such as this , where a flavoring is making a product that does n't really overshoot even 10 % of such limits for a wide variety of chemicals , from heavy metals , found in traces , pahs and various volatile organics , tsnas and ofc carriers themselves , pg and vg , into a product that can overshoot them 9 times . 
  a flavor ... not areosol carrier , not nicotine , not idk dust from the wick and the wire , all difficult to avoid in the vaporisation technology we use , but something we additionally put into it , something moreover not even found in many flavors , even something not found in some flavors of the same kind !, 
  on a meta note , this exchange went south really quickly . 
  i really do n't understand what prompted such an angry , name-calling , presumptious sarcastic response , simply by the suggestion one can both vape and avoid diketones and if the stated goal is harm reduction it follows that one should . 
  at least try to address that much rather than merely throwing a tantrum like in the post before ... 
   400 ppb, 
  ug/ml is sadly ppm , l ~ kg , ml ~ g , ug ~ 1/1000000 g, 
  or if si units seem too confusing , just take farsalinos 's word - http://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/2gmdae/diacetyl_and_acetyl_propionyl_testing_on_suicide/ckkvag0, 
   to some extent . 
  seems a crucial difference , does n't it ? 
  he tested sweet-flavoured liquids , those most likely would have diketones . 
  he found it in 74.2 % of the samples , which still leaves a significant quarter of the tested liquids totally safe . 
  and of those , he found 47.3 % of da and 41.5 % of ap-containing samples exposing consumers to levels higher than the niosh standard if vaping 3ml/day . 
  so roughly 45 % of 75 % ~ one third were above those limits to some extent , two thirds actually not that horribly unsafe . 
  these fucks on the other hand have 400ug/ml , or 1200ug/day with 3ml a day , vs 137ug/day niosh limit , almost 9 times the limit !, 
  hard to beat that shit . 
  sounds roughly consistent with this number . 
  wow , so for ap alone , 50ish ppm w a cig vs 400ppm here . 
  pad would be 1000ug vs 3ml/day which would be 1200ug here . 
  edit : well am i comparing apples to oranges here , right ? 
  this is ppm in smoke vs ppm in liquid . 
  not sure how that goes ... 
   let 's contact our vendors and ask politely for test results if they are available . 
  was n't this the whole issue in the recent example ? 
  polite contacts with suicidebunny specifically , where we have logged claims they 're clean , then their own tests , conveniently omitting ap , then an independent test showing the disastrous results ? 
  either a level of ignorance/negligence or outright attempt at fraud ; over an issue , let 's not forget that 's been pinned on this forum for 3 years , one would think a responsible producer would have already been taking some basic care about , at least to the point of knowing diketones to test for ; in any case , cause for some mud-dragging seems to me ... 
  sry that 25x is my mistake prob - compared daily consumption with per ml limit . 
  its actually around 9x . 
  ap limit used was 137ug/day . 
  they had 400ug/ml .
