  seen a video doing the syringe tank thing for vivinova heads and presumably other ce2 , topcoil clearos , so even that 's mostly avoidable . 
  re rest , i guess we might see a lot of reduced size systems . 
  shorter gennies , things like kayfun nano only even smaller etc. 
  and those not in eu , feeling too sad for the loss of their all-day vape tanks to care , might profit from an explosion in such small factor systems to choose from ... 
  what i think they should have regulated , beyond qa and warnings they did imho justifiably - unlike this juice and tank limits shit , was battery declarations . 
  apparently quite a few people are unclear what a continuous or burst rating of a certain battery is , or which rating they are reading . 
  and there 's an inflation of advertised max `` current numbers '' and no wonder people are unclear , not the easiest shit to google up - and finding their temp curves seems impossible . 
  i still have no idea what exactly imren ones are rated for , continuous , and how they hold up on their rated currents . 
  they should define testing criteria for continuous ratings , make these specs accessible to public , and ban labeling and/or marketing the battery as having any more amps than this test gave it . 
  i 'm thinking something like , needs to give at least 85 % of the capacity it has under < define some low current , maybe 0.2 a , maybe 0.5 c or whatever  , in 20degc ambient conditions , while drained from totally full to 2.8 v cutoff in both cases , and must n't get hotter than 75degc in doing so -- but i 'm not an expert here ... 
  that there really could improve the safety of extreme builds . 
   rebuildable stuff is out of discussion right away . 
  if you want to regulate rebuildables - show me how to vape using them . 
  a rebuildable is n't a device that can be used for vaping out of the box , so , theoretically , it does n't fall under the tpd 's definition of an ecig . 
  uh i hope you 're right , i was scared with `` can be used '' kind of language there . 
  if it did cover it , well the eu is a big market , hypothetically i thought it could influence producers to offer products that appeal both to ppl who like small devices across the world , and us poor eu buyers . 
  anyhow , let 's hope you 're right and they 'll continue to be unregulated . 
   the thing is , a metal/glass tube is in no way an e-cigarette component . 
  sell it as a collectible , an e-cigarette stand , whatever . 
  yup , that 's what i 'm guessing will happen if they try touching cartotanks ... 
   there 's no way they will ever touch batteries , ever , they do n't even know we use them . 
  certainly not under this directive . 
  they might under some other . 
  but yeah , they 're prob totally unaware on consumer protection matters in that sector . 
  with references to secondary peer reviewed research . 
  i 'm loving that new metastudy of 9000 studies on vaping toxicity . 
  sony 's 26650vt do n't seem to be 50a continuous , though i 've seen sites state this :, 
  you can google this 10c continuous rating for it on quite a few places . 
  no idea how to find the actual spec , and nothing really is reliable except it , though apriori a lower number seems more likely - less motivation to fudge it , only seen on places that make the finer distinction , and in principle 26650 should n't help much here , yet they 're still doing 30a ones in 18650 . 
  nothing except lifepo4 in either format is rated anywhere near that high continuous . 
  `` max current '' producers state is often pulsed . 
  admittedly this is more like our usecase , but again not quite , since while we vape , it does n't really get a chance to go back to baseline temp and similar . 
  and in case of accidental autofire , the continuous one would be important for it not to vent . 
  sadly some sites really explicitly claim its 50a continuous . 
  ignoring the shittiness of * fire batteries , one could argue on the spec alone that pushing the 7.5 a ( if that is its true continuous rating ) to 16a is not that much worse than pushing a 26a one to 50a . 
  but yeah , its trustfire ... 
  on a general note , this battery industry is really a bunch of assholes . 
  even people who obviously care about their safety get consistently misinformed by it . 
  seen so many instances lately . 
  i do n't mind people going by either rating really , if they mind their batteries well , charge with a good charger , are careful about temperatures of their tubes , and do n't put them in pockets or leave unattended so they might autofire and consequently overheat - but it should be a conscious choice , not a product of misinformation . 
  apparently not reliable enough ( does n't look to me that sony 26650vt is 50a but 25a . 
  table linked on that site states there , but the site says 50a ) . 
  i 'll mail him about this and see what happens . 
  y that 's the one, 
  i do n't understand how a user that choose to advertise his or her location could 've expected anything else ? 
  i was amazed and puzzled that particularly lgbt folk in a country not particularly friendly to them choose to engage in such potentially dangerous behavior the moment i heard about the app . 
  the potential for danger is not that difficult to figure out . 
  yet they did . 
  being privacy minded is apparently not popular ... 
  ... and for them to calculate relative distances , they had to have had access to locations . 
  and getting locations from knowing distances is a simple matter of using an old technique called triangulation . 
  apparently people are only now realizing the implications of sending the info on their position to a third party , for the explicit purpose of being retransmitted to everyone else , if in a slightly transformed form ? 
  how irresponsible of them . 
  no love for cartos , cartotanks ? 
  i did notice that . 
  but found them a significant upgrade in taste and reliability over beginner 's clearos . 
  obsolete though ? 
  yt reviewers like grimgreen pbusardo seem to be keeping the flame burning , giving current reviews , claiming to be users themselves etc. 
  hm , i would still expect at the very least 60 % of smokers not to quit regular cigarettes . 
  some wo n't want to try something electric , some wo n't like it , some possibly will but wo n't get rid of cigarette cravings after all etc. 
  if ecigs can help 30-40 % of smokers to quit , that would already be a huge improvement over current best methods . 
  yeah , what an odd response that is . 
  even if it was n't something they considered up to that point , surely a normal response of an organizer would be to consider it then - say something like `` well , we did n't have any ... 
  but of course we will strive to make trans people welcome in every way we can blahblahblah '', 
  could this possibly be just a misunderstanding of some sort ? 
  under what load ? 
  yeah , well i guess its possible they have some reasons such as those , but i 'm amazed the answer was not more apologetic and explanatory in such a case , because its fairly obvious how a simple `` sorry , no '' will come across . 
  if you had a focused group and that was all there was to it , would n't you want to say to such a query something like `` i 'm terribly sorry but this group was set up to specifically address the issues of blahblah and trans people have a specific set of issues we do n't feel up to handling or whatever blahblahblah '' . 
  and since the question was literally were they friendly towards trans people as a group , i 'd have latched on to that , to avoid being this misunderstood in such a toxic way , and perhaps answered `` most definitely we are accepting of trans people in general , but this specific group was meant to address the blahblahblah so it would n't be quite appropriate if trans people joined as well '', 
  as it stands , it really stinks . 
  well that pbusardo test - at least the wick and taste parts seemed solidly done , though wick test could 've used more repetitions - did show quite a substantial and consistent difference vs cotton balls at least . 
  if you 're ok w vaping rayon though , that turned out fairly comparable at a far lower price . 
  i kinda despise the organic industry so will def try rayon instead . 
  hm , generally speaking there 's got to be a caveat somewhere around there . 
  otherwise putting all the time and effort needed to prove a theory - before its been established already - is hard to understand . 
  in research directions they 've got ta be going by their hunch . 
  i know at least one concrete example that immediately came to mind , nima arkani-hamed in a particular lecture . 
  think it was lhc2033 not sure . 
  he used analogies from past experiences , arguments from naturalness as well as theoretical conjectures from long-term model building experience , to favor a particular single model ( or a narrow family ) of unverified high energy physics as something that strikes him as most convincing ( mini-split susy ) . 
  certainly not something that would pass any scientific mustard , and he seemed aware of this . 
  but he def did have a favorite horse in the race . 
  right - only hopeful ( or pessimistic really , it was the more difficult to verify variant ) - this was his hunch , another alternative was quite plausible to him but less likely - it ( ie plain low energy susy ) seemed to him to be in increasing tension with the data for a couple of decades , but to exclude it truly to his satisfaction , we 'd need to go to 100tev ( current colider doing only 8 , will soon fire at 14tev ) . 
  but i think the op was asking about something just like that - a hunch , which has got ta be a bit different from the scientific stance even if you judge your evidence professionally . 
  because even when you know full well the jury is out on something , often because of your priors you will have an opinion as to what seems more plausible or not . 
  it is - it takes a min .2 ohm load on bypass mode . 
  that could pull 60w . 
  really ? 
  never heard that one . 
  fakes were described as having a stronger qr code print ( with real ones having it burned in ) , so it sounds counter-intuitive - i 'd expect the opposite , not sure . 
  see http://www.sun-vapers.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/dot-matrix.jpg note in the article containing this picture - apparently an obsolete article , there are more plausible fakes around nowadays - http://www.sun-vapers.com/how-to-spot-a-fake-sony-vtc5-battery/ - says that there is some variation on qr codes on real ones , some not even having it . 
  even better . 
  wow , so they could be something well below 10a continuous even . 
  ... venting a battery from drawing more current than it can take is always preventable . 
  its just a matter of knowing what battery you have and what its true specs are . 
  which is kinda the problem here . 
  vtc5 can easily take 17a , this is n't even particularly aggressive thing to do with it , since it takes some 30a continuous , and in bursts could take much more . 
  this fake thing could be idk - maybe even below 10a continuous battery ? 
  if its venting already at 17a bursts , its prob way above its rating and unsafe at 14-isha and 50w too ( i 'm merely guessing here re its voltage drop ) . 
  dangerous shit . 
  yy , its such a shitty situation for us consumers to be in .
