  i think today i 'd mark it or something like that a 3/10 but how could i have the heart to do so ? 
  i think it developed and spread out further and further into anime . 
  biggest trouble was getting into any anime series really . 
  even rather quality works felt quite underwhelming and i had many abortive or good but stalled starts into the genre ( s ) . 
  with kenshin being the exception - this seemed compelling and solid from the first time i saw it . 
  around the time i watched popular films like akira , ghibli stuff and gits , i tried using : hellsing , elfen lied , kenshin , neon genesis evangelion and cowboy bebop . 
  this developed in hunting down individual directors and studios , so i watched satoshi kon , oshii , takahata and solidified my tasted in movies . 
  with series i was still having problems . 
  i could appreciate some of the better ones ( certainly cowboy bebop , conditionally nge ) but with some apprehension and insecurity about their narrative tone . 
  next i tried with gits : sac . 
  at the time , this was still kinda meh . 
  especially irritated by the tachikoma episodes . 
  well i still get ticked off by such shit , but not having clear expectations from the genre , i was confused by the voice it was setting - is it high pitched silly kids stuff , or it is attempting to be gritty cyberpunk . 
  apparently in anime both can coexist without one necessarily dragging down the other , but not knowing how the genre works i would get rather confused as to what i can expect from the work . 
  now this , though especially the 2nd season is among a few of my favorite series . 
  especially thankful to a random japanese guy who was a tourist in my town - actually he was staying here to visit an electronics music festival in a nearby mountanous regious ( hippie stuff i guess ) . 
  and suggested i watch `` belzelk '' ... 
  and i 'm def not thankful to a certain serbian rap singer who , geeking out under significant amounts of cocaine ( the change from stage persona to private nerd person was amazing to see ) , insisted i need see naruto :d jk was a great night !, 
  i basically broke through all these troubles with monster , and then solidified my expectations and expanded my tolerances with steins ; gate and from the new world , embarking on things like baccano , mushishi , lotgh soon after those . 
  binging ever since :d, 
  i think they 're usually appalled about the age of the protagonist in hardcore yaoi . 
  not necessarily the fact its gay porn as such . 
  idk i think enzai for eg is fucking great , and seems to fare no worse than your typical yaoi on mal . 
  yet that too is hardcore fucking ( rape mostly ) of a rather - but not that extremely - young protagonist . 
  so its mostly the age thing , i guess . 
  ehh , i mean i just saw it . 
  its not a 1/10 sure , for it makes a simple point simply and it did get a laugh from me . 
  but have you seen some of \u0160vankmajer 's works ? 
  that guy 's like a god of disturbing surrealist stopmation , and this is just such ... well unimaginative uninspired shit in comparison . 
  example - [ dimensions of dialogue ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlmnkcbgvb8 ) ( winning a golden bear among other accolades , selected among top10 animated films of all time by gilliam ... ) or [ food - part 1 breakfast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcnmd6uixnu ) with [ commentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8d5dzmfnuc ), 
   i also think it 's a little unfair to present titles like dbz , yyh , trigun and most of kenshin as ` must-watch ' material . 
  does this in your opinion also go for the kenshin ova ? 
  edit : very glad to see you recommend honneamise . 
  this is one wonderful work of art . 
  i 've only recently seen it - and in fact could 've easily missed it completely . 
  though i guess it would fall under his category of `` ghibli movies '' . 
  otherwise the more obvious glaring omission would be grave of the fireflies . 
  though , given the style of both of those , agreed - takahata 's works need to be mentioned separately , being rather different . 
  i do n't like this mindset at all . 
  limit your vocabulary and use descriptions and rephrase to avoid even words as common as `` melodrama '' , lest you sound pretentious ? 
  can one really consider poor vocabulary a virtue ? 
  i think borderline personality fits them better than bipolar . 
  anger management problems , plus wild emotion swings over a much shorter period of time than ( most ) bipolar . 
  fears of rejection and abandonment often in the background . 
  its just a matter of whether its fake or not . 
  and i do n't see why one would presume it usually is . 
  if i may necro this thread , watching mononoke now and enjoying it greatly . 
  do you know more about the artstyle perhaps ? 
  the technique seems like it could be what 's used in gankutsuou , but in a far less bombastic way . 
  but , what is that exactly ? 
  i mean i get its some alpha channel and textures thing , but have you seen any texts , descriptions , discussions on the technique ? 
  where does it sit in the anime production process ( compositing ? ), 
  and how does it compare ? 
  are there some less pervasive or understated uses of the techniques in question ? 
  or anything like that ? 
  [ ] ( / s `` its not about the nobility of the motives , but about his political responsibility towards his group to achieve their interests , and the merely necessary costs of doing so . 
  taking it is just not an option , and the status quo is no more appealing from an impersonal perspective than it is for his group . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` revolution necessarily comes at a high cost , and this is especially true in that setting . 
  he simply did what needed to be done - given the constraints of the setting - to achieve the rather minimal political goals of his group . 
  with such stakes ` how far would you go ' must be - however far is needed . 
  i 'm very glad to see another show since gunbuster show just how extreme behavior can get when something as fundamental as the value of one 's life is utterly negated . 
  the show would n't be half as interesting if the character of squealer did n't raise so interesting questions that defy mere moralistic judgment . 
  just like with actions of actual historical revolutionaries . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` but then you 're barely saying anything . 
  no doubt squealer did heinous things . 
  the issue is merely were they necessary and hence politically justified - was there a plausible other way without negating the political interests of qeerrats utterly . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` apart from continuing to take it , and hence siding with the human order of things , which is not an option to revolutionary-minded qeerrats , as far as i can see there is n't a safer way of achieving liberty than by means of genocide here . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` no . 
  they 're disgusting actions . 
  does n't mean there 's a decent alternative to them either . 
  in that sense , he is politically justified . '' ), 
  you make it sound as if one is n't supposed to do so if a girl in question falls for you and vice versa . 
  well its certainly preferable than either eloping after the marriage , or committing to a loveless marriage instead . 
  betrothals are legitimately reversible even in that dark age of sexual repression precisely because circumstances might change in this way and the decision is yet to be made ; that 's why they are n't marriages . 
  in that its a diplomatic incident , sure , agreed . 
  in that lyanna 's life is normally an agreement between two guys in which she has no say , i 'd find rhaegar 's action rather valiant here . 
  indeed , and moreover precisely because its another appreciated yuasa work , it 'll get watched by such anime viewers even just by association due to kaiba , tatami galaxy etc. 
  that was my most difficult choice . 
  yes , i watched it half-way through , and loved it , then stopped because life intervened . 
  years have passed now . 
  i need to see it from the top , since its difficult and i forgot most about it . 
  i do stuff like that as well . 
  for a show i 'm currently watching , i may or may not use the ratings system to keep track of what i currently think of it . 
  and i do n't treat 10 in any particularly different way - its just a grade one step lower than favorites ( which i treat as a virtual 11 ) . 
  why would you add someone you know ? 
  surely you can chat with ppl you know in a plethora of other ways . 
  i 'd add someone whose taste i like , to see what they 're watching as a source of ptw . 
  and hopefully they 'd keep quiet otherwise . 
  in terms of story , how can you tell ? 
  we still have little idea of what exactly the story of `` the song of ice and fire '' is . 
  we got a lot of world-building and characterization ( so i would 've bought any comments on * those * aspects ) but the implied premise has yet to unfold and all we have is speculation based on hints , foreshadowi5ng etc. 
  given the parallels in the procedure and setting , you could say the plot in `` the song '' is in the golden age ( ~ winter is yet to hit ) arc now . 
  maybe the next book lays down the cards for us ... 
  edit : oh and the adaptation of the work for screen is quite liberal with its source material . 
  added filler is invariably bad and fanservice lvls rather high , character cast understandably simplified , some scenes and characters work well , others not at all etc. 
  so i really hope the comparison is manga - novels , not manga - show . 
  does this rating system bullshit actually prevent people from buying it legally ? 
  thought it was an advisory mark only with no legal power at all . 
  given that you mention resolution , are you responding about art quality generally or animation quality specifically ? 
   i 'll be honest , telling me the plot has n't unfolded after 5 books does n't sound promising to me .
