  both papers are way way over my head though , and i really tried ; so i 'd be delighted if you could explain : what presumptions of the models lead to so different conclusions ? 
  under similar conditions of thermal and magnetic evolution ** there seems to exist a planetary mass-dependent inner limit inside the hz itself below which large atmospheric mass-losses are expected . 
  ** we coined here the name magnetically-restricted habitable zone or mhz for this hypothetical subregion and expect that it could be confirmed by future improvements in the model . 
  this inner limit decreases with increasing planetary mass . 
  under the nominal value of the parameters used in our conservative model ** we predict that for 4m \u2295 planets the limit is close to 0.15 au ** , while for 8m \u2295 it will be approximately 0.04 au . 
  it implies that planets with mp 6 4m \u2295 in hzs closer than 0.15 au will be too exposed and probably lose their habitable condi - tions in the first few myr to 1 gyr . 
  why would custody be any more complicated ? 
  cohabiting couples with children have the same treatment as married folks in matters such as custody , alimony , division of commonly aquired wealth , child support etc. 
  in many countries already . 
  and either a statement at any regular notary or maybe just an official register could be used by folks who 'd otherwise have a hard time proving they 're partners , should the need to prove so arise - though i 've not seen that applied in practice . 
  i do n't really think entering into any contracts , be they civil contracts or traditional marriages , is the best way to design family law ; it can simply apply by default to people in a relationship , as opposed to marriage , and then its just a matter of defining what constitutes evidence of being in a relationship . 
  most of the important things marriage does - say protections for the potentially dependent party that might be so trapped in marriage and similar need to be applied to cohabitation anyhow , for the same risks exist , and even are so applied in my corner of the world at least . 
  guess the tricky part is when you have to demonstrate your status to a third party , say in hospital visitations , prison , or if some benefits are privately given by say your employer to your partner . 
  but at worst that should n't require more than just a regular stamped note saying so . 
   why do n't people just write their own ends to the story, 
  hm , but i hear he really does n't like fanfic , so he prob would n't enjoy that at all . 
  but i think future nuclear power designs do consider moving on from using steam in a rankine cycle to using closed cycle brayton turbines using for example helium , or i think maybe supercritical co2 ( and some other gases are considered ) , because it can be significantly more efficient , but provided your heat source is hot enough . 
  pebble bed reactors , helium cooled or molten salt cooled would consider that design i think . 
  so would true molten salt reactors - when your structural materials can allow you to go hot enough to be worth it . 
  and once you 're doing that , i think an even more futuristic way of improving the efficiency is possibly using magnetohydrodynamic generators in combination with it . 
  i think this is especially considered for future nuclear electric space propulsion , where you have to minimize the weight per power of your reactor system , else the entire concept is not much of a gain . 
  i think liquid sodium is considered as the primary coolant ; that 's still our most mature fast reactor design , and is still being built - primary reason for sodium ( or lead ) is not efficiency ( though lead could allow much higher temperatures ) but the fast neutron spectrum it allows , and the fact it operates under atmospheric pressure unlike water ; but i do n't think it could be used to run turbines to generate electricity ( how could it ? 
  ) ; some secondary coolant like helium or such , heated by the primary coolant would be used for that . 
  provided you could make it actually near-carbon neutral , it would allow for cleaning up legacy machines , as well as sectors for which we do n't have many alternatives - aircraft and heavy duty stuff i gather . . 
  i guess in the latter case though , lng could be used for new machines , and biogass should be much easier to create in a carbon-neutral manner . 
  so , basically legacy stuff is the top reason in principle . 
  long-haul and heavy-duty are indeed challenging , to say the least , for all-electric . 
  but i gather there 's some momentum for building lng infrastructure in europe for eg long-range freight , as well as port operations , and potentially aircraft engines could use it . 
  that should be substantially easier to create , energy-wise than say synthetic crude . 
  1 ) actually it can be , and in this case it is :, 
   in some circumstances it can be safely assumed that if a certain event had occurred ,, 
  evidence of it could be discovered by qualified investigators . 
  in such circumstances it, 
  is perfectly reasonable to take the absence of proof of its occurrence as positive, 
  proof of its non-occurrence . 
  -- copi , introduction to logic ( 1953 ) , p. 95 -- quoted from wiki, 
  dragons eat , and for that to have happened , evidence would be obvious . 
  ah ; then sure - something like that could work . 
  to the readers afaik he never promised any particular dates for twow . 
  not surprising given how `` close '' his projection of when adwd will be out was ... we only found out retrospectively that he was aiming for some dates . 
  indeed ; there 's no lack of great books ; and far too little time for them all . 
  i 'm personally enjoying martin 's other works lately . 
  for eg , first novel , dying of the light , i actually find more enjoyable than most of asoiaf . 
  reminds me a bit of leguin . 
  wish he wrote more long-form sf ... ofc he did write quite a few brilliant short stories . . 
  currently having fun with wild cards ; starting book 7 ... 
  there was some attempt at extrapolating his writing speed to twow that had it probably finishing the manuscript late 2016/early 2017 . http://watchersonthewall.com/a-scientific-guess-at-george-r-r-martins-progress-on-the-winds-of-winter/ still seems sensible to me ; consistent with his previous behavior and cut-pagecounts at the start of the task , consistent with his unrealistic optimism that he 'd be done prior to season 6 , and from where we 're sitting now even rather optimistic . 
  the pessimistic analysis there has it being finished early-to-mid 2019 . 
  that would mean he was like just 60 % the way through when he thought he could finish in in a few months ... idk , at this point , i 'm like , what 's a year or two or three anyhow . 
  nah , that would n't make much sense ; if they had to split it , first part would be out already ; last time he wanted a split , we got affc and adwd , with quite a few years in between . 
  and they ca n't bind many more pages in a single volume than they do already . 
  besides , writing one book in about this time seems consistent with his writing speed , and the time he took actually working on it . 
  yes , i do n't get the phrases . 
  i mean he 's obviously doing it quite intentionally , but i just do n't get it . 
  writing as such i think has been better in the later volumes of the saga ; less about mere events and brilliantly atmospheric , but since feast , the language has gotten so much wierder . 
  true but on the other hand that 's exactly how it looks like when it does n't work also . 
  cold fusion too was something with a weak signal to noise that some teams even claimed they could replicate . . 
  i 'd say we 'll need to sit this one out with a skeptical eye untill evidence either way firms up . 
   the expanse seemed to listlessly drift from one theme to another and then limp to a largely inconclusive ending . 
  all told a lot of great sets and some nice styling , but it lacked any real substance ... 
  could you go more into detail in your criticism ? 
  i 've just watched s1 , and still processing my impressions . 
  i 'm largely entertained with the expanse , something i really could n't say about battlestar galactica * , but quite a few things are bothering me with it too . 
  not things like the lack of high-action/excitement set-pieces to end the season ; that if anything irritates me in hollywood generally . 
  but say , the very fact the initial group continues to improbably survive situation after situation that kills most everyone else for one . 
  or the largely derivative setting - though one exactly after my tastes , it could still have a bit more distinctive character . 
  and i still ca n't get why a moon shuttle or a freighter ship would even have high-thrust ( as opposed to just high-specific impulse ) propulsion to need protection against high-g maneuvres . 
  maybe the military vehicles but ... 
  so what kind of substance did you find lacking , and why would you call the 3 stories drifting ? 
  * ) that is def not the kind of sf show i 'd like to watch : the supernatural/religious themes were extremely off-putting to me , as was the constant drone of warfare and paranoia about infiltration ; moreover , the situation was rather static , and it just did n't contain any exploration or mystery ( well , at least not one where anyone makes any progress in resolving it ) . 
  and the ending ofc is simply a criminal deus ex machina , destroying any buildup to it . 
  basically just an allegory or contemporary warfare with some futuristic set designs and costumes and some inane theological blather mixed in . 
  he said he 'd play no games about twow being done ; its gon na be announced , flatly and directly on his blog . 
  besides , we have no reason to expect he 's done already . 
  false ; its as likely as it has been for a couple of years now ; ie plausible but no more than that . 
  there 's no new information here except that he 's not done already . 
  how can you update any priors you may have about 2017 ( or 2018 or 2019 ... ) release chances based on zero new information ? 
  we just know nothing at all about how far he 's come or how well he 's progressing beyond that he 's not done yet . 
  how does that help in estimating when it 'll be done ? 
  that would n't be surprising at all - even apriori , nov/dec would seem a rather optimistic timeline for him to be done ; but note that what he 's saying is simply that he wo n't commit to any new cons before he 's actually done ( `` i 'm not taking on any new cons untill ... '' ) . . 
  which seems a prudent principle considering how often he 's been wrong re when he 'll be finished , and may not say anything about when he ( currently ) expects to be finished . 
  wait , the release video suggested this thing is feature complete ? 
  like , emphasized how its completely playable and has been for quite a while , and even less buggy than actual morrowind . 
  so which is it ? 
  early or practically done ? 
  known issues only mentiones shadows and distant land as missing ? 
  is this just a short step from being v1 .0 ? 
  aah , nice , thx ; that 's what i thought . 
  but what did you mean then by `` this is still in an early stage of development '' ? 
  just the shadows feature or ? 
  yeah , incredibly intelligent / s ... 
  i pulled out my hair while watching that piece of crap misinterpret mary 's room argument ... 
  it fits perfectly the generic paint by numbers structure mentioned in the title of this thread . 
  well 30 + years ago includes quite a lot of time , in comparison to however narrowly you consider `` now '' to be . 
  naturally that would then include more great works , even if their occurrence is constant over time . 
  true for most artforms really ... 
  except for the faux tension of the finale . 
  cheap emotional manipulation , at the price of streching credibility with the glove-flying ; for pretty much no actual narrative or character development payoff . 
  well that and the totally stereotypical paint-by-numbers conflict between control and the crew over the rescue plan . 
  no , i do n't think it 's a great improvement over the abysmal average . .
